  

The Trail To Veritas

A Daryl Richardson Crime Mystery














J.W. Lucas







   





     The Trail To Veritas

ISBN   
Copyright © 2021 by John W. Lucas

All rights reserved.
 No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods without the written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, contact information follows:

Author Contact:  jwlucasbooks1@gmail.com 

The Trail To Veritas is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance or reference to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead is purely coincidental or intended only to provide local ambiance to the story setting.

Other Books by J.W. Lucas: 

Daryl Richardson Crime Mysteries

2017 The Secrets of Ethan Falls
2018  Hands That Heal – Hands That Kill
2019  Gabriel’s Rage

       Dan Dragona Violent Crimes Series 
   
2020    Prodigal Crimes


 













The Trail To Veritas


Ver-i-tas:  Truth
Noun, Latin









J. W. Lucas










Chapter 1

As she worked in the garden, the ragtag formation of crows circling above waited. They didn’t dare swoop down to steal morsels from the fledgling crops she was lovingly nurturing. They watched; instinct and their shrill caws told each other she wouldn’t be there all day. The blazing afternoon sun was intense and soon she would seek shelter from the heat. Their frenzied feast on seeds and sprouts would have to wait. 
 She stood up and removed the baseball cap covering her head, wiping the perspiration from her brow with a cloth she had hanging from the back pocket of her jeans. The garden wasn’t my idea., but she seemed content. As I watched her arch her back and stretch, I smiled, sensing she had found both satisfaction and accomplishment from playing in the dirt.   
Me? I was content to sit on a chaise lounge on the deck with a cold iced tea and watch her. Moral support, I called it.
“What do you think?” my fiancée Mandy asked as she walked over and stood below the deck, pointing back at her new vegetable garden.
I took a moment to choose my words. She had worked hard to plan her foray into the world of agriculture. She had measured the plot several times; studied the movement of the sun throughout the day; calculated how she would provide irrigation. She had good intentions and spent hours on the internet learning how to garden. I didn’t have the heart to warn her that the abundant local wildlife was lurking in the shadows to pillage and forage the fruits of her labor.
I stood up and walked to the railing, carefully placing my drink on the top board. I noticed she’d missed wiping a smudge of dirt from her cheek, but that slight blemish didn’t diminish her natural beauty.
Her long brunette hair was styled in a French braid, her makeup and eye shadow complemented her piercing blue eyes. The form fitting jeans and black and white plaid shirt drew attention to her striking figure. Without a doubt, she was the most beautiful gentlewoman farmer in Berkshire County.
“It looks good, Hon; I think it was smart to go with the wrought iron fence instead of chicken wire.”
“ Yeah, I think it was the best choice,” she responded. “I wanted the vegetable garden to fit in with all the flower beds. The fence was expensive, but we’re having a wedding out here in September and I don’t want people to think we’re living on Tobacco Road.”
I bit my tongue and thought to myself, “Tobacco Road?” We were living in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, in a palatial Frank Lloyd Wright style rambling ranch on seventy acres. I’d inherited the property from my late Great Aunt who had raised me after my parents died in a car accident when I was a child. This wasn’t skid row!
“The corn has sprouted up and the tomatoes, peppers, eggplant and zucchini are all doing great! We’re going to have a ton of crops to donate to the food pantry.” 
That’s what I loved about her. She had accepted my inherited wealth as an opportunity to continue my Great-Aunt’s philanthropy. With her Masters’ degree in Finance, Mandy manages the day-to-day operation of a charitable Foundation we’d established with what I’d learned was millions of dollars that had been left to me, along with the house. The wedding she referred to? Ours!
I’m Daryl Richardson, a former police detective with a law degree. For several years before my inheritance, I’d worked as an Assistant US Attorney in Boston. Now I work as a major crimes’ legal consultant for the Department of Justice, keeping my Federal credentials. 
 I’d met Mandy almost a year ago when I was working on a criminal investigation for Damian Costigan, the U.S. Attorney in Boston. As they say in the movies, “It was love at first sight.” We became engaged soon after we met. Her physical beauty wasn’t her only trait that captured my attention.
Truth be told, after my Aunt had passed, and an army of lawyers and accountants waded through the intricacies of her estate, I became aware that the money my Aunt had left me would provide a comfortable life. In hindsight, I honestly didn’t know exactly how much money I had until Mandy came along.  
I finished my drink as she gathered up her tools and put them into the trailer behind her tractor. 
To get her gardening career jumpstarted, both were gifts from our neighbor and groundskeeper Erik Nichols and his wife Bernadette; Bernie as we called her.
 It was early July, the eighth week I’d been home on sabbatical from my work. For the past year, I’d been working non-stop consulting on major crime cases. The work was stressful and at times consuming, but I was living for the challenge. What I didn’t see coming was that it had been taking its toll.
 I was drinking more than eating, the excitement of a new romantic relationship had cut into the nighttime hours I should have been sleeping. The notoriety of my work was giving rise to the fears of my neighbors that our heretofore piece of heaven in the Berkshires was going to Hell in a handbasket from violence they thought was confined to crowded urban housing projects.
There had been some close calls during those months. Luckily, we had survived the violence we were confronted with. I took the hint and a scolding from Mandy that I was on a collision course with disaster if I didn’t slow down. Truth be told, after trying this concept called rest, I’d become bored.
She slowly climbed the stairs to the deck, each step more laborious than the one before. Upon reaching the landing, she unceremoniously plopped down on a chaise, her arms like a dead weight dropped onto the armrests.
“I’m beat! I want to rest for a minute and then I’m going to take a quick shower and change. What are we going to do for dinner?”  
I answered I could grill some steaks, or we could eat out. She looked over at me and seemed to weigh her options.
“It’s hot and humid out here; you probably don’t want to grill, and besides, I didn’t take the steaks out of the freezer. We’ll have to eat out, but nothing fancy.”
I agreed. She slowly stood and stretched in an exaggerated fashion before she opened the screen slider and went inside. I looked at my watch, then my empty glass. Almost four o’clock. I decided it wasn’t too early for an adult beverage. Old habits die hard.
I went inside, fixed the drink, turned on the TV and sat down to watch the four pm local news. The lead story caught my attention. 
State and County police and rescue workers were scouring the area for a missing twenty-three-year-old Georgia woman hiker on the Appalachian Trail near Byronham. 
Having been raised in the area, I was vaguely familiar with the village, a twenty-minute drive southeast of Stockbridge. 
I recalled that the Appalachian Trail stretches from Georgia to Maine, ninety miles of it in Massachusetts; from Mount Everett in the south through Mount Greylock in the north. The village of Byronham is roughly one mile from the Trail. 
In recent years I could remember only a half-dozen reports of emergency situations among the hundreds of hikers who had made the trek through our area, the incidents being primarily medical issues.
The news report said the woman, Courtney Powell, and her boyfriend, Jimmy Jenkins, had started their hike from Georgia in late April. Two days ago, Jimmy was found by a motorist who stopped to offer help as he came stumbling out of the woods alongside Route 23, just north of the village. His face and arms were bruised, the hair on the back of his head was matted from dried blood. 
Jimmy told the motorist he and his girlfriend were on the trail sleeping in their tent when they were attacked in the middle of the night. He said he tried to fight off the intruder but was knocked unconscious when he was hit in the head with a rock. When he came to, he found Courtney was missing, their campsite ransacked, his cellphone, and some supplies stolen. He frantically hollered for help and began searching for her. When he realized no other hikers were nearby to hear his cries, he made his way down to the nearby road for help. The motorist called 911 for an ambulance and the police.
As the news story continued, it focused on the search activities and the agencies that were involved. As the camera scene moved to show the search command post, I recognized two familiar faces, Sheriff’s Department Detective Lieutenant Matt Holcomb and State Police Major Rich Prince. We were good friends; in the past year, I’d worked with them both on major crimes cases they were investigating.
“Hey! That’s Matt and Major Prince!” Mandy exclaimed with surprise as she entered the room and sat down on the sofa. “What have those two gotten themselves into this time?”
I explained the circumstances of the missing woman and assault of her boyfriend.
 Mandy slowly shook her head back and forth in disgust.
“What’s going on in this world? I don’t know much about hiking or the Appalachian Trail, but I can’t recall hearing anything about crimes on it. Do these things happen up there often?” 
I explained that the news reporter had commented violent crimes were rare. The hikers were like a large family of outdoors’ enthusiasts and tended to look out for each other. Today’s news of a kidnapping was shocking.
I thought that word of a potentially violent person on the trail would spread quickly among the hikers and ultimately to the local police authorities. From what I could recall, this alleged assault and abduction seemed to be an exception rather than the norm.
“Hmm,” she said as she thought about what I’d said. “I guess we aren’t safe anywhere in this crazy world. How long has the girl been  missing?”
“Since last night, according to the news. It sounds like the police have started a massive search.”
“I hate to say it, but my guess is she’s dead. The guy probably kidnapped and raped her and then killed her.”  
“Jeez! Why on earth would you think something like that?”
“Common sense! Think about it! This happened in the woods, not on a dark city street in Boston or New York. It’s not as if the kidnapper had a getaway car waiting or something. He could have dumped her in the woods where no one will ever find her, and my guess is he’s still in there somewhere.”
I looked over at her. She was wearing her white terrycloth robe and brushing her hair. Her eyes were bright and wide open, reflecting the rebirth of energy her quick shower had brought. 
“I think your theory that whoever did this is still on the trail is a real possibility, but I’d like to know more about the assault that led to her kidnapping.”   
I saw she was studying me, although it could have been a stare; I wasn’t sure. She sighed.
“I know where you’re going with this. You’re going to get yourself involved in this case, aren’t you?” her voice almost a whisper. By this time in our relationship, I was familiar with her subdued tone that signaled resignation.
“Well, I can’t stop you. Where are we going to eat?”













Chapter 2

We arrived a few minutes past six pm at the Gathering Place Inn, a steakhouse just over the border in New York. I’d seen its grand opening advertisement in the local paper earlier in the week. Judging from the number of cars in the already crowded parking lot, I realized we weren’t the only people eager to try it out.
After being seated and studying the menu, we both ordered the filet mignon and enjoyed a before dinner drink. Mandy chatted about her gardening for a few minutes and then seemed to drift off, as if her mind was preoccupied with something else. After she was silent for a few minutes, I asked her what was wrong.
She slowly took a sip of her wine and carefully placed the glass on the table. Something wasn’t right.
“Honey,” I said as I reached over and took her hand in mine. Asking again, “What’s wrong?”
“I don’t know why, but suddenly I started thinking about those poor parents of the girl hiker who’s missing. I remember when you and I had to talk with my friend Suzanne’s parents after she was murdered last year, and how devasted they were. I can only imagine what these parents are going through.”
“Yeah, it’s awful, but what we need to do is keep hoping that she was kidnapped but is still alive,”  
She looked at me and squinted her eyes in reaction to my remark.
“You honestly don’t think she’s alive, do you?” she whispered.
“Like I said Hon, we don’t know. All we can do is pray that she’s found alive.”
She looked pensive for a few moments. I wondered what she was thinking. Finally, she spoke.
“I never thought I’d say this, especially after everything we’ve been through with your work in the past year, but I do want you to help Matt and Major Prince find this girl. Or her body.”
I released her hand and leaned back in my chair. I wanted to know more about what had happened, but I hadn’t thought about getting actively involved. Her comment caused me to think. Who has law enforcement jurisdiction on the Appalachian Trail? As far as I knew, this was a State Police case supported by the County Sheriff’s Department. According to the news report, needing additional personnel, they’d sought help with the search from the local National Guard. As a consulting US attorney, I had no authority to just step into the local case.
 Our servers brought our dinners. I told Mandy to try not to think about the missing girl and enjoy her meal. As we ate, I saw her become more relaxed, our conversation once again centered on her garden and our house. 
We ate heartily and rated our dinners as excellent. We opted to pass on dessert and an after-dinner drink and headed for home a few minutes before eight. After we arrived, I settled in to watch TV, Mandy changed into her nightgown. I poured us each a glass of wine and she curled up next to me on the couch.
 It wasn’t our custom, but we agreed we’d stay up and watch the ten o’clock local news for an update on the search for the missing girl. As it turned out, there were no fresh developments; the day’s search was suspended because of darkness. It was late; we were tired and went to bed.
In the morning after breakfast, I called Major Rich Prince on his cellphone. He answered and told me he was in Byronham getting the search teams organized for the day. He said that because of the terrain the National Guard had brought in some additional staff to help with the ground search, and the plan for today was to conduct an aerial search using drones. I asked if he’d mind if I took a drive over and watched.
“Of course. I don’t mind,” he answered. “In fact, I was going to call you today. I want to run a few things by you.”
I told him I’d be over within the hour. He said he’d alert the officers to let me through the roadblock he’d set up to keep the media and curious away from his command post. I went and found Mandy out on the deck looking out at her garden and told her my plans for the morning.
“You’re going to visit the search party? Can I go?”
 It was a warm sunny morning; I thought maybe a change of scenery would be good for the both of us. I told her that would be fine, she said she just needed ten minutes to change out of her work jeans. 
True to form, ten minutes turned into half an hour. When she came out to the kitchen it instantly struck me that in her tight jeans, crisp, white short-sleeve top, her long hair dancing on her shoulders complementing her perfect makeup, I didn’t dare suggest we weren’t going to a social event, but rather a crime scene. I locked up the house, and we headed out for Byronham.
 As we approached the trail access point parking area, I presented my Federal credentials at the roadblock. The State trooper examined them carefully and leaned over into the driver’s window. His broad smile was obviously for Mandy, not me.
“Welcome, Mr. Richardson, we were told to expect you. Please proceed,” he said as he waved us through.
The parking area was small, I took the last available spot on the right shoulder of the driveway. As we got out of the car, I saw State Police Major Rich Prince standing with a group of men who were setting up a canvass shelter. To their right, I noticed two of the largest drones I’d ever seen.
“What are those things?” Mandy asked as she tugged on my arm.
“Drones. They look like they have cameras attached to them. Rich told me on the phone they were going to use them for an aerial search today.”
“Wow! How cool is that? Can we watch?” she asked excitedly.
I answered we’d need to first check in with Rich. She nodded. We walked over to where he was standing; as we approached, he headed over to us.
“Hey! You made it! And I see you brought the Boss with you!” he greeted us as he gave Mandy a hug and shook my hand.
“Yeah, looks like you have a lot of help here today. Anything develop overnight?”  
“No, we had two search teams on the trail yesterday. They got back down here about eight-thirty last night. They secured the crime scene; the plan today is to collect all the hiker’s equipment and bring it down so we can get it to the crime lab, hopefully for prints and DNA. The report I got is that the suspect threw a lot of their stuff around. With any luck, we might get some evidence to help us ID him.”
“What about a cell phone? Did she have one?”  
“Yeah. We got the number from her boyfriend. We called; the message we got said ‘not in service.’ We’re pinging it, anyway.”
“Is there cell service out here?”
“Yeah, it’s spotty, but we’re not having any trouble when we call our search teams up there. Her phone may be out of range, maybe disabled or turned off.  We’re pinging it every thirty minutes.”
I looked up the hill toward the trail ridge.
“I’m not a hiker or camper, but it looks as if the area is densely wooded. Is the trail well marked?”  
“I was told it is, but I haven’t gone up there to see it myself. The boyfriend told us yesterday he and his girlfriend set up their tent near a stream in a small clearing about fifty yards off the trail. He said they’d been there for two days. The girl had slightly twisted her ankle and wanted to rest one more day before they moved on.”
“I heard on the news the boyfriend was knocked unconscious by the intruder. What’s his condition?”  
“He’s still in the hospital. They’re holding him another day for observation. That’s one thing I wanted to talk to you about.”
Rich lowered his voice. “I was at the hospital yesterday when our detectives interviewed him. As I listened to him, I got an uneasy feeling. I can’t explain it. He was upset, but not as much as I would expect him to be after what he said he went through. The other thing bothering me is the doctor who treated him in the ER said he had a head wound, but he was surprised when the kid said he was knocked unconscious after he was hit with a rock. The doc said from his experience treating head injuries, the wound didn’t seem to be serious enough to cause unconsciousness.”
“What do you know about him?”   
“His name is Jimmy Jenkins, he’s thirty years old and says he’s originally from Eastern Tennessee. He said he moved to Georgia about four months ago and has been dating his girlfriend Courtney Powell for three months. He said he developed a smartphone app that provides information on hiking the Appalachian Trail; supplies needed, camping gear, info about rest areas, re-supply points, things like that. He said he holds the copyright to the app and sold the distribution rights to a third-party company. According to him, that’s his source of income. We ran him through NCIC and the FBI criminal history databases, he doesn’t have a record.”
“Only been dating the girl a few months, and she agrees to take a months’ long hike with him? What’s her story?”   
“Ha! That’s where this gets interesting. She comes from big money. Her father owns several car and truck dealerships in Georgia from what we’ve been able to find out online.”
“Apparently, he provides the bulk of new vehicles to the State and some to the Feds. Big bucks! And the girl? Courtney? She’s a beauty pageant winner!” Rich looked over at Mandy, who had her smartphone in her hand.
“Do me a favor, Google her. Courtney Powell, beauty pageant.”
Mandy did as she was asked and brought up a picture of Courtney. Powell. She was gorgeous! 
“Wow!” Mandy added her opinion as she enlarged the photo. “This girl could be a professional model with those looks and that body.”
 Wisely, Rich and I didn’t take a closer look.  
“Well, I have to tell you after meeting her boyfriend yesterday, I don’t get it. If you ask me, she could do a lot better than him in the looks department!” Rich said.
“Ouch! That’s not nice,” Mandy quipped. “They say love is blind.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that. But in this case blind has a literal meaning!”
“You’re bad, Rich Prince!” Mandy shot back with a laugh.
I changed the subject. “What’s the search plan for today?”
He pointed over to the drones. “As you can see, we’re getting set up to deploy the camera drones and start a grid search. We have the video monitors set up on the table over there; that’s what the shade tent is for.”
“Can I watch?” Mandy asked, unable to hide the obvious excitement in her voice.
“Of course! C’mon, I’ll introduce you to the system operator. He’s from the National Guard. This is their equipment.”
Rich brought us over and made the introductions. Staff Sergeant Will Collins explained what the equipment was and said his men were ready to launch the drones. We moved back a few feet and watched as his assistants energized the rotors. As they came up to speed, the drones hovered a few feet above the ground before the Sergeant and an assistant steered them up the sharp incline to the trail. The clarity of the video was amazing.. A minute or two later the craft were hovering above the hiker’s ransacked campsite and we watched the evidence collection taking place. I’m not sure if the Sergeant was showing off for his new audience, but he zoomed in the camera lens of one drone to give us the perspective as if we were looking over the searcher’s shoulders.
“That is so cool, I want one of those for our house,” Mandy said in a hushed voice as she tugged on my arm.
“What?”  
“Yeah, we have seventy acres. I can use it to keep watch over the property. I can fly it up to the lake, down the hill into the meadows. I could do all that and never have to leave the house.”
I looked over at Rich. It was obvious he was going to be no help to me on this one.
“We’ll see. For now, let’s just watch for a bit.”
The aerial search proved to be an exercise in precision. 
 Within a few minutes, the two drones were slowly cruising above the trail as if they were in a synchronized dance routine.
 Side by side, they were slowly sweeping above the tree line for what I estimated to be two or three hundred yards. At the end of their route they simultaneously slowly turned, increasing the distance between them by twenty-five-or thirty-yards, reversing direction to eventually passing over and then going beyond the search starting point. I grasped the search mechanics; slowly and consistently widen the search area. 
The clarity of the video was incredible. Unfortunately, other than the activity at the ransacked campsite, nothing of evidentiary value was being found.
Mandy had made herself comfortable in a canvas director’s chair and seemed fascinated as she watched the video on the monitors. Sgt. Collins and his assistant patiently answered the myriad of questions she was asking about the technology and flight controls. I quickly realized her comment that she thought we should buy a drone was more than a passing fancy. The high point of her tutorial was when Sgt. Collins handed her a controller joystick and talked her through the complexities of turning the craft and widening the search zone. To her credit, she didn’t crash and burn. Judging from her nervous giggle and broad grin, I suspected a drone was in our future.
I didn’t want to pull her away from her fun, but to be honest, despite the intense aerial search operation, there was nothing I could contribute to the cause. I looked around to find Rich Prince and saw he was on his phone. From the look on his face, I sensed the call wasn’t bringing good news. I started to walk over to him when I got a call on my cellphone. The caller ID told me it was US Attorney Damian Costigan in Boston. It surprised me. We’d only spoken a few times over the past weeks, as he was respecting my self-imposed exile from the criminal justice world. My first instinct was to let the call go to phone mail, but I gave in to my curiosity and answered it.
“Hey Daryl! Got a minute? I want to give you a heads up on something!”
This is how it always starts, I thought to myself. “What’s up, Boss?”
“I received a phone call from Washington. Have you heard anything about a missing girl on the Appalachian Trail down your way?”
I explained I’d seen the story on the news, and in fact was at the search scene speaking with State Police Major Rich Prince.
“Oh? Has he asked you to help with the case?”
I answered he had not, that I was visiting the crime scene with Mandy, more out of curiosity and moral support than anything.
Damian continued. “As I said, I got a call from Washington. To be honest, what I was told took me by surprise.” 
“The Justice Department received a phone call from Senator Blass who said one of his Georgia constituents, a Sam Powell, claims his daughter has been kidnapped and he’s demanding the FBI investigate. Apparently, this Powell guy is a mega contributor to Blass’s party, both on the State and Federal levels Reportedly, he’s a multi-millionaire from his auto sales and leasing businesses, and it appears he’s the State’s preferred vendor for most of its vehicle equipment. He claims a former employee has been threatening to expose his dealerships being awarded State and Federal contracts to provide vehicles as part of a bribery scheme. He said the guy sued him, but the case was thrown out of court last month. Now he claims he received a phone call that said his daughter would be killed if he didn’t wire one million dollars into a foreign bank account. He thinks the ex-employee is behind this.”
“What? You’ve got to be kidding me!” I responded in disbelief. “A million-dollar ransom demand?”
“I wish I was kidding, but Washington has instructed me to open an assist case to the US Attorney in Atlanta. That’s just what I don’t need right now.”
I looked over at Rich Prince and saw he was still on his phone. He was sitting on a pile of logs, bent over, his free hand holding his head as if in deep concentration. He was slowly shaking his head back and forth.
“Does Rich Prince know about this development?”  
“If he doesn’t, he soon will. This information is only a few hours old. After Washington briefed me, I called the State Police Commissioner’s Executive Officer. He said he’d brief his boss and then the Major.”
I again glanced over at Rich and suspected his phone call was delivering the same news Damian had just explained to me.
“Since you and the Major are friends, “he continued, “I was hoping you’d help me out with some background info on the search for the girl. What’s the investigation status?”
It took me less than one minute to bring him up to speed on the search.
The bottom line was the police didn’t have any leads. My blunt assessment left him momentarily speechless.
“Okay,” he finally said, “It’s only been a day since she went missing. Hopefully, the search will turn something up. By the way, Washington said the girl’s father was flying up from Georgia in his private jet with an agent from the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. I suspect they’ll show up at the search scene sometime today.”  
A private jet? And he’s bringing in an investigator from his home State? This guy has some pull, I thought to myself.
“And one more thing,” Damian added. “I was told off the record this Powell guy reportedly has some business connections with the Federal Intelligence community, but I wasn’t told what the connection is.
“Providing vehicles to the CIA or Area 51?”   
Damian didn’t immediately answer, I suspected the absurdity of my remark didn’t merit a response.
“Um…., suffice to say it may be worth our while to take a discrete look into his background. Something’s telling me there’s more to this Sam Powell than I’ve been told. Maybe Mandy can do some research for you. Speaking of her, what’s she up to these days?”  
“Aside from morphing into Berkshire County’s premier vegetable gardener, she’s here with me right now taking drone flying lessons?”
“What?” he asked, obviously confused. 
“Don’t ask!”  
“Okay, I think we need to take a close look at this Powell guy, and thanks. I’m sorry to bring you out of your sabbatical, but I need your help,” he said as we ended our call.
As I walked toward Rich, I had to step aside as two SUVs drove into the command center and parked. As I drew closer to them, I saw Sheriff’s Lt. Matt Holcomb’s wife Kristin and two women dressed in surgical scrubs step out of the lead SUV.
“Hey! Daryl! What are you doing here?” Kristin asked as she came up to me and gave me a hug.
“I was just going to ask you the same question!”
“I spoke with Matt on the phone and he sounded beat, He said it’s hot as hell up on the Trail and he and his search team were heading back down to the road. I just got off my shift at the hospital and I grabbed two of my nurses to come with me to check out the guys’ conditions. We don’t want anyone suffering from heat stroke or exhaustion.”
“Watch it!” she suddenly called out as she pulled me aside to allow a canteen truck to pull into the staging area.
“We’ve been monitoring the fire department radio from the ER and heard they were sending the canteen truck with water and food for the search party,” she continued. “We brought up some extra oxygen bottles and we’ll check their vitals just to be sure no one needs to be seen in the ER. Is Mandy here?”
“Yeah, she’s over in the command tent watching the video from the drones they’re using to search the trail.”
“Oh, okay! But you didn’t answer my question. What are you two doing here? Are you going to take over the investigation?”  
“No, I came up just to lend some moral support, but since I’ve been here, I learned the Feds are stepping in. I would imagine the FBI will take the lead.”
“Good! Matt has been buried with work; he doesn’t need a kidnapping added to his plate. Hey! There’s Mandy!” she said, looking to her left. Mandy was walking out of the drone command tent.
She quickly came over to Kristin, gave her a hug, and looked over at the two nurses who were setting up medical equipment on a folding table.
“Did someone get hurt?” she asked, a look of concern on her face.
Kristin shook her head no, explaining she and her nurses were there just as a precautionary measure. As the two women chatted, I went over to where Rich Prince was standing.
“Hey, looking like old times,” he said as he waved to Kristin and Mandy. He looked over at me and said we needed to talk.  
“I think I already know what you want to talk about. A million-dollar ransom demand?”
“How the hell did you know that?”   
“Damian just called me. He’s been instructed to open a case. I imagine the FBI will take this one off your hands.” 
“I wish! I just got a call from the Commissioner’s Exec, Tom Mannion. He said he couldn’t go into detail, but my Department is going to continue leading the investigation. For some reason he didn’t explain he told me the FBI would provide support in the form of any equipment we needed and evidence examination, but that’s it. They’re not taking the lead on the search. What the hell is that all about?”
I didn’t have an answer for Rich, but this was a red flag in my mind. From my experience, a kidnapping with a ransom demand had always resulted with the FBI leading the investigation. Why not this one I thought to myself?
“Did you press the Exec for more information?”
“I tried, but he cut me short. He said the decision was made in Washington, and I had my orders. He said if I didn’t think I could handle the case, he’d find someone to replace me.”
“Wow! That was a kick in the ass. What’s his problem?”
“His problem? Politics! And me!”
I didn’t understand, Rich apparently recognized my confusion from the look on my face.
“When the Lt. Colonel retired last year and the Executive Officer position opened, Tom Mannion wasn’t the Commissioner’s first choice for the job. I guess it’s still eating at him I know that.”
“Who was the first choice?” 
“Me! But I told the Commissioner I was a road cop, I’m not politically savvy. After a long discussion, he said he understood and went with Mannion.”
Before Rich and I could continue our conversation, Kristin Holcomb distracted us, calling out to him as she jogged toward us, waving her cellphone in the air.
“Major, Matt’s on the phone! His team is about five minutes out and they just stumbled into a swarm of hornets. He said he and two of the guys have bee stings, another one fell and has a nasty cut on his leg.”
“Okay, do you need anything from me?”  
“No, my nurses will check them out. The medics have Benadryl in the ambulance if we need it, and we can bandage the cut. If need be, we’ll transport them to the ER.”
“Okay, thanks. Let me know if you need any help,” he said as she turned and ran toward a parked ambulance. I looked around for Mandy and saw she was with the nurses carrying what looked like medical supplies into the command tent. Suddenly, the roar of an engine caught my attention; a helicopter was approaching at a low altitude. As it hovered above the trail, I had to raise my voice at Rich, who was standing next to me.
“What’s going on?”
“I called in our Department chopper to lift out the remains of the campsite that the guys collected instead of hand carrying it. They said they were concerned they might drop some evidence as they made their way down through the woods.”
Rich and I walked toward the command tent and saw Matt Holcomb and five officers come stumbling out of the thick underbrush. They looked exhausted, especially the two who were assisting an officer whose pant leg was visibly soaked with blood, a look of pain on his face. 
“Jesus, they look like a bunch of Civil War walking wounded,” Rich remarked as he stepped up his pace to offer his help..
 Their clothing was stained with perspiration, beads of sweat dripped from their brows as the nurses helped them sit down. 
 Suddenly, the tent took on the appearance of a combat aid station as Kristin, her nurses, and the ambulance medics quickly took charge and rendered first aid. 
I noticed Mandy standing a short distance behind them; she looked worried. I went over to her and eased her out of the tent, away from the activity.
“Hey! You okay, Hon?”
“Yeah. Yeah! I just didn’t expect to see that much blood. Is he going to be all right?” she asked in a hushed voice.
“I think so. Kristin and the nurses know what they’re doing. Right now, I’m worried about you. Come here, sit down, I’ll get you some water.”
“I’m fine, I just felt light-headed for a minute.”   
I grabbed a bottle of water from an ice chest, handed it to her, and grabbed a nearby canvas chair and set it down behind her. She took two long sips of the water and I saw color returning to her face.
“What’s that helicopter doing?” she asked as it rose from where it had been hovering, the noise from the engine drowning out our conversation. I looked over and could see a cable was hooked to a pallet that appeared to be laden with several boxes.
“They’re bringing down the evidence the guys collected,” I answered in a loud voice. As the chopper passed overhead, the turbulence from the rotor caused the nearby trees and bushes to erupt into a windstorm. We shielded our eyes from the leaves and twigs that swirled around us. I glanced over to the command tent and saw the medical staff leaning over the injured search team to protect them, the sides of the medical tent flapping violently in the wind. In a matter of seconds, the chaos subsided as the chopper moved past us to hover above the gravel parking lot. Through the dust and debris being kicked up I saw a pallet slowly descend and come to rest on the ground. A man dressed in military fatigues hunched over, ran to the pallet and unhooked the chopper’s winch. The chopper slowly rose, pitched to the right and flew off.
“Hey! You guys all right?” Lt. Matt Holcomb asked us as he approached from the command tent. He leaned over and gave Mandy a hug, then offered his hand to me in greeting.
“Yeah, we’re okay. You all right?”
“Yeah, I got some bee stings on my arm. The little buggers zapped me right through my shirt! I’ll be all right. Everything was going fine until we literally stumbled into that hornet’s nest.”
“How are the other guys?”  
Matt shook his head and slowly sat down on a dead log next to Mandy’s chair.
“Agh! My three deputies got stung on their necks and backs a bunch of times. Kristin administered an Epi-Pen and Benadryl. The trooper’s leg cut is nasty, she said he needs stitches. They’re taking him to the ER. She’s waiting for another ambulance to get here.”  
“Let me tell you, those damn hornets are nasty! But enough about me. What are you two doing here?” 
“We stopped by to lend moral support, but since I’ve been here, I’ve been asked to gather some information for the US Attorney’s office.”
“Information? What does he want to know?” 
 “Damian called me and said the missing girl’s father received a ransom demand. This is now a ransom kidnapping,”  
“Oh! Then that means the FBI is going to take the case? Good! They can have it! We found nothing up on the trail to give us a lead on who grabbed the girl. They’ll be starting out with practically nothing.”
“Well, not exactly. I’m not sure why, Damian was evasive, but he said the State Police would continue as the lead investigators.”
“What? But you said it’s a kidnapping with a ransom demand. That sure sounds like a Federal case to me. I don’t get it.” He paused for a moment. “You know you can trust me. What’s going on here?”
“I wish I knew. Damian said the victim’s father has some heavy-duty political connections in Washington, and it may have something to do with the Intelligence community.”
“What? CIA? NSA?” Who the hell is this guy?”
Until this moment Mandy had been silent. “Hey! what’s going on?” she asked when she heard Matt mention the government spy agencies.
“I’m not sure Hon, but I need your help to do some background research on the father. He’s supposed to be flying up here on his private jet, and before I meet with him, I want as much background on him as I can get.”
“You want me to do research on him? Is he a spy?”
“I don’t know. I’ll get his full name and address from Rich for you to work up a profile on him.”
“You said before you meet with him. Does that mean you’re going to get involved in the investigation?”  
“Yeah, but not just me; both of us. We’re going to give Rich and Matt a hand with this.











Chapter 3

Mandy was quiet on our ride home. We had stayed at the search scene until the injured officers who needed more extensive care had been transported to the hospital. We stood by idly as Rich Prince and Matt checked the inventory of items listing the evidence the search team had brought down from the ransacked campsite. Before we left, Rich had made a phone call to his liaison detective with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation and obtained the missing girl’s father’s name and address and gave me the information for Mandy to start her background research.
 After arriving home and checking that her garden behaved well while she was out, she settled into our home office to start her work. I poured myself an iced tea and went out onto the deck. The weather was mild; the sun was bright, the air still; a perfect climate for me to sit and think. Oddly, my mind was blank except for the fleeting image of Courtney Powell from the Facebook photo Mandy had shown me. 
After a few minutes I thought to myself, “Where is she? Is she still alive?” The more I thought, an uneasy feeling settled over me. She was reportedly kidnapped in the middle of the night from a remote campsite in dense woods. The ransom demand threw me. 
Where could she be taken by her captor and held as he waited for her father’s reply to the ransom demand, and how could the kidnapper get her there?  
 I went inside to see how Mandy was doing. As I crossed through the kitchen, I heard her talking to someone.
 I poked my head around the corner of the doorway to our office. She looked over at me and mouthed the name ‘Freddy’ as she moved the phone she was holding away from her face. 
‘Freddy’ was Freddy Morton, the undercover name used by Pat Collins, the brilliant but eccentric young FBI electronics expert assigned to Damian Costigan’s Covert Operations Unit in Boston. Commonly referred to as ‘black-bag guys’ by the public, many believed they were fictional characters born out of the Watergate scandal in the early nineteen-seventies. In the real world they exist, and Freddy and Frank Paris, his partner in covert government sanctioned cyber-intelligence gathering, were considered by their peers to be the best of the best outside of Washington.
“That would be great!” I heard Mandy say, “We haven’t eaten, and I have no idea what I’d make for dinner. We’ll see you guys in about forty-five minutes,” she said as she ended the call.
“That was Freddy. I called him for advice on how to access the State of Georgia business records database and he told me he was in town visiting his girlfriend Heather for the week, and they could come over and he’d help me. They’re bringing pizza for dinner!”
Freddy had met Heather a few months earlier when he was working with me on a case in Berkshire County, and she was a server at the Red Lion Inn where he was staying. She was the proverbial girl-next-door; young, beautiful and full of energy. They made the perfect couple and Heather seemed to have perfected housebreaking the occasionally over-the-top behaviors of young Master Freddy. Mandy had her own theory; she thought it was the sex.
“What information do you get when you Google Samuel Powell?” I asked.
“One of the first articles is a court case. I clicked on it and it looks to me he got sued. It’s a business dispute over money. Do you want me to go back and print it out for you?” she asked. “You’re a lawyer, maybe you can understand it better than I can.” I told her yes, print a copy. 
As I recalled, Damian had mentioned Powell had been sued by a former employee and reportedly the case was dismissed. I heard the printer across the room come to life. I walked over to her computer and saw she had clicked on the summons and complaint document. I noted there were many more documents that had been scanned into the file and suggested she not print everything, just the complaint.
 . When the printer stopped, I gathered the paperwork and started to leave the office. Mandy stopped me.
“Hey! Freddy and Heather will be here in half an hour. Since you’re going outside, can you wipe off the table on the deck? I noticed the glass top has some pollen on it and I want us to eat out there.”  
 I did as I was instructed. When I finished, I sat down and read the court case summary.
The lawsuit was brought against Samuel Powell by Adam Mullard, who had been Powell Automotive Enterprises’ National Vice-President of Sales. Mullard claimed Powell owed him more than sixty thousand dollars in commissions for his work to close the sale of a multi-million-dollar Federal government contract to provide enhanced armored tactical vehicles. I noticed a footnote to the complaint indicated the identity of the specific government agency who had purchased the equipment had been ordered by a judge to be redacted from all Court documents.
A second count of the complaint claimed Mullard was owed an undetermined amount in commissions for customer sales for the acquisition of advanced surveillance and weapons systems installed in the vehicles under a separate contract. Again, a footnote indicated the Court ordered the identity of the purchaser to be redacted from all documents. This was a huge red flag in my mind; I had never seen a Court ordered redaction like this, especially in an initial complaint.
I slowly read through the body of the complaint and learned Mullard was alleging Samuel Powell orchestrated a scheme to ship vehicles and advanced weapons systems out of the country, to destinations in South and Central America, by paying bribes to maritime shipping companies A significant portion of the complaint that I assumed elaborated on the scheme was also redacted. This wasn’t making any sense to me. 
The allegations, if true, had CIA or DEA written all over them, I thought; but the advanced weapons factor threw me. Was Samuel Powell a car salesman and an arms dealer? Could his daughter’s kidnapping have anything to do with his business dealings? My curiosity piqued, I stood up and went into the kitchen intending to ask Mandy to print out all the documents related to the case, in hopes there may be clues to identify the purchasers. As I started toward Mandy’s office, I heard a knock on the kitchen door. I looked over and saw it was Freddy and Heather and walked over and opened the door to greet them.
They came bearing gifts. The aroma rising from the two pizza boxes Freddy was carrying brought my appetite to life.
 Mandy came out of her office and greeted our guests with hugs. She and Heather took the pizzas over to the counter to prepare our dinner.  
I grabbed beers for Freddy and myself. We went out to the deck and sat down.
“Hey! Damian called me while I was waiting in the car when Heather went into the restaurant to pick up the pizzas,” Freddy remarked as he twisted the cap off his beer.
“He said you might need my help with a new case. What’s going on?”
I explained the report that someone had kidnapped Courtney Powell  while hiking on the Appalachian Trail, and that her father had received a ransom demand.
“Who’s leading the investigation, the Springfield field office?”
“No, for some reason the FBI is deferring to the State Police. Rich Prince has the case; Matt Holcomb and the County Sheriffs are assisting.”
“Why? A ransom kidnapping is an FBI case.” 
“I know, this makes little sense to me. The girl’s father reportedly is extremely wealthy and politically connected in Washington. Damian said it may have something to do with the Intelligence agencies, but he didn’t have any details.”
“I still don’t get it. Then why is our Boston office getting involved?” he asked.
I twisted the cap off my beer and took a swallow before I answered. After setting the bottle down on the table, I explained.
“Washington has instructed Damian to open an assist case to the Atlanta US Attorney’s office. Maybe the kidnapping is part of a larger ongoing investigation.”  
Before he could respond to my hunch, Mandy and Heather came out to the deck and set the table for our dinner. Freddy and I let our conversation drop. I went inside and opened a bottle of red wine for the girls; when I went back out to the deck, they had already started to divide up one of the pies.
As we ate, Mandy chatted about her garden, Heather talked about her new job as a physical therapist at the Medical Center, Freddy explained things at the Boston office had slowed down a bit and he was taking advantage of the break to use up some of his accrued vacation time. I listened but contributed nothing to the conversations. My mind was distracted as I mulled over the lawsuit document Mandy had found online.
 Suddenly it struck me; the complaint had been redacted presumedly to protect the identity of government intelligence operations.   
Redaction was illogical, why wasn’t it sealed? I needed to look at the website where Mandy had found the information.  
We enjoyed the rest of dinner. When we finished, Mandy and Heather cleared the table and had gone into the kitchen when I received a phone call from Major Rich Prince. I glanced at my watch and thought it odd he’d be calling at this hour.
“I hope I’m not interrupting dinner, but we need to talk,” he said when I answered.
“No, we just finished. What’s up?”
“I’m in the office with Lt. Billy Sullivan, he’s with the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. I’m putting us on speaker. Okay, you still there, Daryl?”
“I am. What’s going on?”
 “We’ve received two 911 calls from hikers up on the Trail. Both said there’s a group they’re describing as soldiers or cops wearing camouflage and armed with automatic weapons, and they’re confronting the hikers saying they’re searching for a kidnapped girl. The callers told our dispatcher these guys are acting belligerent and threatening, patting down the hikers at gunpoint, going through their belongings, throwing things around.”
“Who the hell are these guys?”  
“I don’t know, they’re not my guys.”
Rich continued. “The Lieutenant flew up from Georgia on Sam Powell’s jet. He said he overheard Powell on the phone talking with someone about getting his people in place to find his daughter. The Lieutenant doesn’t think Powell realized he was listening, but he thinks Powell was talking with some militia guy.”
“What?”
“Let me put Billy on the phone, he can explain this better.”
“Daryl, Billy Sullivan here. I don’t know how much you know about Sam Powell, but my agency has discretely been looking at him for some time now on an informant’s tip he’s been supplying weapons and vehicles to some white supremacist militia groups, including one  operating in Georgia. We’ve had some drive-by shootings and fires at small evangelical churches, and some Klan-like graffiti on buildings owned by minorities”.  
“I’m just getting started putting together a profile of Powell, but to be honest, at this point all I know for sure is he has some political connections in Washington,” I said as I walked back out onto the deck for privacy. 
I saw Freddy was nursing his beer. I motioned for him to stay put and not to talk as I put my phone on speaker.
“Yeah, his buddy, Senator Harrison,” Blass. Sullivan said sarcastically. “Both their egos are bigger than life.”
His comment took me aback. “I’m not following you.”
“Months ago, I worked a case involving Powell. One of his former employees complained Powell had stiffed him on sales commissions. I interviewed the guy; he told me quite a story.”
 “He said Powell was not only the preferred supplier of vehicles to the State, but also was supplying tactical vehicles and equipment to the CIA and other spy agencies. Powell is the financial backer of several shops in the South that were secretly building out armored vehicles with surveillance and weapons systems, supposedly for the government, and was shipping them out of the country. He told me a long story about Powell paying bribes to shipping companies to secretly move the merchandise. I told the guy the commission dispute was a civil matter, but I was interested in the weapons trafficking. I started nosing around, but within a few days I got called into my Captain’s office and was ordered to drop my investigation.”
“Did your Captain say why? “I asked. I looked over at Freddy and saw he was listening intently.
“Yeah, the Captain said he had a visit from two ATF guys out of Washington and some other bigshot type who never fully identified himself. They said they had learned we were investigating Powell and wanted the case dropped. They said it was a matter of national security and warned there would be serious repercussions if we didn’t back off.”
I was confused about what I was hearing, but before I could ask some questions, Billy continued.
“Two days after those guys visited my Captain, Adam Mullard’s wife reported him a missing person. I was assigned the case, that was two months ago. He still hasn’t been located, and I’ve exhausted every lead to locate him.”
Now, I was really confused. 
“If the salesman went missing, when did he file the lawsuit against Powell? I have a copy of the Court record that shows Powell was served with notice of the suit.”
“The lawsuit? He filed that just before he came to me with the criminal complaint,” Billy explained. “He said his lawyer told him to file the civil suit first, then file the police complaint.”
“Okay, I got all that, but we’ve strayed from the problem at hand. Rich, what’s being done about these guys with guns up on the Trail?”
“It sounds like there’s two groups of them, three men in each group,” Rich Prince explained.
“From the descriptions the callers gave us as to their locations on the trail, it sounds like these guys are about twenty miles apart on opposite sides of where the Powell girl was kidnapped.” 
“We’ve been looking at maps to figure out where each team would have entered the trail.  Our thinking is they had to get up there at rest stop points east and west of Byronham and are working their way to meet each other in the middle where the kidnapping occurred.”
“So, your thinking is they’re looking for the girl and her kidnapper moving her off the trail in either direction, is that right?”  
“Yeah, that’s the theory. But my immediate problem is, who can I get to go up there and grab these guys? If they’ve got automatic weapons, I’m worried someone is going to get shot. I can’t send my guys up there at night. We had enough problems walking the terrain in the daytime. And I’m not sure if this a SWAT call or US Marshals or maybe we need the National Guard to help us. Have any suggestions for me?”
I looked over at Freddy. He had a blank look on his face and shook his head to signal he had no ideas. I needed to think fast.
“I think you need to use your SWAT Team onboard a National Guard chopper. They must have gunships that can carry a crew of your men.”
“Yeah, that was one thought I had. I just wish I knew who these guys on the trail are.” 
“My guess is they’re Powell’s militia buddies, not mercs,” Billy Sullivan interjected. “Powell has connections and big bucks, but I don’t think he’s got the connections to bring in black ops people. My gut is telling me this is a more local operation. He’s a control freak.”
For a moment there was silence between us.   
“Okay,” Rich said, “I’ll make some calls and set this up. Can you meet us at the Byronham rest area tomorrow at nine?”
“Yeah, I’ll be there. If anything comes up overnight and you need a hand, don’t hesitate to call me,”
“Hey! Anything with pinging her phone?” I asked as an afterthought.
“No, nothing. The phone carrier says there’s no signal, no recent calls.”
“All right. My suggestion is keep trying the ping. You never know, you might get lucky.”
“Will do. Thanks, see you tomorrow,” Rich said as he ended the call.
“What the hell are you getting us into?” Freddy asked, an obvious look of concern on his face.
“I’m glad you said ‘us’ and honestly, I don’t know what’s going on. First things first; Rich needs to locate these guys on the trail, disarm and arrest them for the weapons. Hopefully, when they realize they’re facing serious prison time here in Massachusetts, they’ll roll over and tell us who sent them up here.”
“That makes sense, but how did they get onto the Trail in the first place with no one noticing?” he asked. “And if they’re working towards each other from twenty miles apart, either they were dropped in by air or inserted from the road by a ground crew. That would mean there have to be more of them in the area that aren’t on the trail. We should look for them too, shouldn’t we?” he asked.
Freddy’s theory made sense to me, and as I quickly thought it through, I realized the only aircraft I knew about was the State Police helicopter that lifted out the evidence pallet. It seemed more logical the two groups being reported by hikers had accessed the trail from the ground. I needed to speak with Rich again.
My call to him went to phone mail. After no reply fifteen minutes later, I called again and left a message it was urgent he call me. As Freddy and I waited, he had another beer; I made myself a mixed drink. Heather and Mandy finished up in the kitchen and joined us on the deck.
“You two seem awfully quiet. What are you up to?” Mandy asked.
Neither Freddy nor I answered at first; she realized something wasn’t right.
“I know that look. You said ‘we’ were going to get involved in this new case. Did something happen?”
I looked over at Freddy as I was unsure what to discuss in front of Heather. He leaned over toward me. He must have read my mind.
 “It’s okay; Heather and I had a long talk about my work. She knows there’re some risks, and she understands that. You can speak freely in front of her.”
I glanced at Heather. She sat quietly as she shifted her weight on her chair and folded her hands onto her lap. If I didn’t know better, it looked like she was silently praying. I explained to the women the recent development of the unidentified group of men who reportedly were up on the trail searching for Courtney Powell. I tried to minimize mentioning they were armed, but I couldn’t fool Mandy.
“So, what you’re trying not to tell us is you think Courtney’s father has brought his little army of friends into town. Is that what you don’t want us worried about?” 
“Yeah, that’s the story,” I admitted as I took a sip of my drink and hoped she’d drop the subject.
“Then you should call my new friend Sergeant Collins and have him bring his drones back. We’ll find these guys for you.”
Freddy shot me a bewildered look, I smiled and tried not to laugh at Mandy’s remark, but I had to admit; she had a point.

  
















































Chapter 4

The next morning, my phone vibrating on the night table woke me. I sat up halfway, startled. My brain still clouded with sleep caused an instant of confusion. As I reached over and fumbled for the phone, I realized Mandy wasn’t in bed next to me. Through blurry, half-opened eyes I saw the clock radio read six-twenty.
“Hello?” I answered, my voice more a croak than resonant.
“Hey! It’s Rich. Sorry to wake you, but I need you up at the search site as soon as you can get here.”
“Why, what’s the matter?” I asked as I sat up and swung my legs over the edge of the bed.
“About four this morning we got lucky. A Sheriff’s Deputy was patrolling east of Byronham and came across two RVs parked under some trees just off the shoulder of an unimproved road that parallels the Appalachian Trail. He noticed the RVs seemed hidden. He called for backup, and he and the responding deputies and troopers ultimately found four guys inside. They also found an arsenal of weapons in the RVs. These guys are from Georgia and Tennessee; the RVs have transport plates registered to Powell Automotive Services.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me!” I mumbled in disbelief.
“No, I’m serious, and it gets more concerning. The guys are motorcycle gang types, in fact one of them has a rap sheet that includes an attempted murder conviction ten years ago in a case out of Las Vegas involving a biker gang brawl.”
“Sounds like the deputy did a good job. Why do you need me?”
“Our guys looked around inside the RVs and found more than five dozen automatic rifles in crates and thousands of rounds of ammo. They ran the guy’s four names through NCIC, the next thing they knew our headquarters in Framingham got a call from your friends at the FBI Springfield office. They said not to release any information on the RVs until we spoke with Agents who are on their way to Byronham. I don’t know what’s going on, but I don’t like how this is looking. I need you here to give me some legal advice.”
I stretched my head back into the pillow, the soft cool feeling was fleeting. I knew I had to get up.
“Okay, I can be there within the hour.”
“Great! And to follow up on your message last night, the National Guard is bringing their drones back up here this morning. We’ll see if that helps us find the guys up on the Trail. See you in an hour.”
I took a quick shower and got dressed, grabbed my gun from the closet safe and went out to the kitchen. I saw Mandy was at the computer on her office.
“What are you doing up this early?” she asked.
I told her about Rich’s call and my thinking the guys the deputy found were part of the armed group we were looking for.
“Did you tell Rich about my idea to use the drones again?”
“I did, I called him when you went to take your shower last night. He said the National Guard is bringing the drones back this morning.”
“Okay, then I’m going with you. It will only take me a few minutes to get dressed.”
“Okay, but make it quick,” I said. “And Hon, I mean go! Now!”
While I waited for Mandy, I called Freddy and woke him. I filled him in on Rich’s report and asked him to meet me at the search scene. My thinking was his expertise would come in handy to look through any electronic devices the suspects had. Honestly, my ulterior motive was to have him keep an eye on Mandy as I thought I was going to be very busy with Rich. 
Mandy came out to the kitchen and quickly fixed us two coffees to go. On the ride to Byronham, she was quiet. After ten minutes I asked her if she was all right.
“Yeah, I was just thinking about some information I learned about Sam Powell this morning.” Her remark caught me off guard.
“What do you mean?”
“I was Googling him this morning and learned he’s been married three times. His first wife died from cancer when his daughter was five years old.”
“He remarried, a few years after that his second wife was killed in a car accident. I researched that story and saw that the police found she was drunk and hit a tree. Then I saw an article from about a year later there was another wife in the picture, her name was Star; I thought that was weird. Anyway, Star committed suicide by hanging herself a few years after they were married. The article said she and Sam had just celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary with a big party at his estate the day before she was found dead.”
“His estate?”
“Yeah, there’s a picture of them standing by a pool, the place looks pretty fancy. But that’s not the end of the story.”
I thought to myself, that’s why I love this girl. I don’t know if her coy demeanor is a natural trait or if she was playing me.
“Well? What’s the end of the story?”
“I found a picture of Sam and his latest fiancée taken about six months ago at a charity event where he donated some money. This one’s name is Luciana, and it said she’s in the entertainment business. She looks Spanish or Mexican,  the article said she’s from the Caribbean,  but it doesn’t say where. She’s very beautiful, but it’s obvious she’s had some bodywork done. And if I had to guess her entertainment is geared toward men.”
“What?”
Mandy turned and looked over at me; she had a devilish look.” Her boobs! In the picture she’s almost falling out of her top! I know those can’t be real.”
I fought the urge to laugh,
“I printed all that out for you this morning, you can see for yourself when we get back home.” 
Wisely, I dropped the conversation.
As we pulled into the parking area in Byronham, I saw the place was teeming with activity. A half dozen State and Sheriff’s department cruisers, several unmarked cars, a fire truck, ambulance, and two large canvas topped military transport trucks. I noticed a group of men in military garb standing by the trucks. Mandy got out of the car, the men turned and looked toward her. Sgt. Collins waved to her. She looked at me and grinned. “I see my troops are awaiting my orders!”
I couldn’t help but smile after seeing her enthusiasm.
 She fixed her baseball cap on her head, shot me a quick salute, and said with a grin, “Duty calls!” as she headed toward the soldiers.
Rich Prince was standing next to a State Police command truck and I headed over to him.
“Thanks for getting here so quickly. I don’t know what we’ve stepped into, but I don’t have a good feeling about this.”
“What’s going on?” I asked as I settled into a canvas chair.
He pointed over to a small tent shelter that had been set up near the edge of the woods. “We have four suspects under guard in there. The National Guard has drivers with commercial licenses. One of Matt’s deputies took them down to where the RVs are parked and they’re going to bring them up here. The weapons the deputies found were in plain view, but I’m thinking we may be on stronger legal grounds if we get a search warrant for a complete search. What do you think?”
“Well, a search warrant is always the best route, but if you’re going to seize the RVs, you can do an inventory search for safekeeping instead of the warrant. Yes, you could be challenged on that in court, but I think a judge would agree the inventory process is a routine procedure for impounded vehicles.”  
“That’s what I was thinking, but the suspects are saying they were enroute to Portland, Maine. They claim the RVs are booked for transport on a container ship headed to a customer in South America. They said there’s shipping invoices and Custom’s paperwork to back that up. That doesn’t sound right to me.”
“That doesn’t sound right to me either,” I admitted. 
“If these vehicles are being shipped by Powell to a customer, his company is in Georgia. Why would he go through the time and expense to bring them up to Maine when he could ship them out of Norfolk or Miami?”  I asked.
“I know. Like I said, this doesn’t sound right,”   
Our conversation was interrupted by the arrival of a State Police Emergency Services truck. I stood up as I noticed a squad of tactical troopers exit the back.
Rich explained. “Overnight, the Troop got a call from an off-duty Springfield cop who’s hiking this section the trail with two of his buddies. He said they’ve been listening to radio reports of the girl’s abduction and a report there’s armed men who aren’t police on the trail looking for her. He said he’s joined up with three small groups of hikers, he has all of them hunkered down with him and they’re waiting for us to give them instructions on what we want them to do. From the best he could give us a description of his location, we think they’re about a mile west of us, headed east.”
“Have they had any contact with the militia?”
“No, but I’m thinking we need to get them off the trail while we sort this out.”
“My plan is to have my department’s chopper fly over the trail and spot them. From the air we can guide them down the hillside to the road while the chopper shadows them.”
“That sounds good, but don’t you think the sight of the chopper and drones will force the militia to take cover until nightfall?”  
“If they’re smart, that’s what they’ll do, but I need to put public safety first. If we can seal off a section of the trail that doesn’t have any hikers, then we can concentrate on the militia search.”
“Okay, I agree. Let’s get the hikers to safety and go from there.”
I looked around and saw Mandy was with Sgt. Collins and his team who were setting up the drones. As I started walking to her, I spotted Freddy Morton walking up from the parking area.
“Hey Boss!” he said in greeting as he drew near. “Man, what a crowd! What’s going on?”
I looked at him and my first thought was true to form he’d overdressed for the occasion. His khaki slacks, hiking boots, lightweight camouflage shirt and black backpack looked brand new. Surprisingly, he had thought to remove the price tags. Obviously, his new love Ms. Heather was working her magic on him. I filled him in on Rich’s search plan, he nodded that he understood.
“What do you need from me?”
I told him Mandy was over in the drone tent and asked him to keep an eye on her. “The National Guard is bringing the two suspected militia RVs up here; When they arrive, I’d like you to oversee the inventory search.”
“Okay, but what am I looking for?”
“Two-way radios, cellphones. We think these guys dropped their buddies off to enter the trail; If we’re right, they would need to stay in contact with each other,” I explained as we walked toward the drone tent. As we passed the tent where the suspects were being detained, Freddy abruptly stopped for a few seconds, then continued.
“Whoa!, They look like bikers, don’t they?”  
“Yeah, at least one of them has done time for attempted murder. My gut is telling me they’re part of this kidnapping.”
“Any word on the missing girl? Any new ransom demands?”
“Not that I know of. In fact, Rich never even brought her up this morning. Hell, I don’t even know who if anyone has interviewed her father who supposedly got the ransom demand call.”
“Supposedly?” he asked. “This sounds messed up. No FBI help? Man, this whole case smells bad.”
“Daryl!” came a voice off to our left. We looked over and saw two men dressed in suits and ties approaching us. Again, a voice called out, “Daryl!”
“What have you got, a magic wand?” I asked Freddy.
“What do you mean?” he answered, obviously confused by my remark.
“You mentioned the FBI and suddenly they appear out of nowhere. The taller one is Bob Mathis from the Springfield field office.”
The men approached, Bob extended his hand in greeting and introduced his partner, Alan Tanner. I introduced Freddy, who shook hands with the men and excused himself, saying he would check on Mandy. 
“Is Freddy that black bag guy I’ve heard so many stories about?”    
“Yeah, that’s him. Freddy Morton. Yeah, he’s the one you’ve probably heard about.”  
“He’s much younger than I thought he would be. Anyway, before I brief you on something, can you fill us in on the status here?”  
It only took me a few minutes to bring him and his partner up to speed. When I finished, I was eager to know what had suddenly caused the FBI to become involved.
“For now, our visit is off the record,” Mathis said. “Washington advised us the State Police have some men in custody for weapons violations. The Justice Department was vague but informed us these guys are involved with the shipment of certain goods to one of our government’s classified agencies in South America. They told us it’s imperative the goods be allowed uninterrupted transit to their destination.”
For a moment, his remark dumbfounded me. “What the hell had we gotten ourselves into here?” I asked myself. Before I could try to wrest some more information from the agents, the sudden appearance of two helicopters distracted me. The first chopper was small and marked as being from the State Police. 
The second larger craft was military, mid-size. It looked like it was a surplus gunship resurrected from the Middle East conflicts. 
Both aircraft hovered above a field next to the parking area before touching down. I explained Rich Prince’s plan to use them to help remove some civilian hikers from the trail while the troopers searched for the suspected armed militia. Both men agreed the plan was good, Agent Mathis looked at me for a moment. “We need your help.”
His serious tone took me by surprise, I had a feeling I wasn’t going to get from him the answers I wanted. 
“We were sent up here to take protective custody of the State’s prisoners and the RVs. We need you to help the State Police understand we’re exercising Federal jurisdiction in the interests of national security.”
For the second time this morning, I stood dumbfounded. Protective custody? Protect them from what, I wondered?
“We’ve known each other for a long time. I need a straight answer. Am I wrong if I’m thinking that you’ll take these guys off Rich’s hands so they can continue the ‘delivery of goods,’ as you put it?” I asked.
Agent Mathis was again silent for a moment and looked over at his partner, as if buying time before he answered.
“Completely off the record, and I’ll deny we ever had this conversation. Yeah, our orders are to assist in getting the delivery back on track.”
I was ready to press him for more details, but the arrival of the two RVs gave me pause. As I watched them slowly climb a grassy knoll and park side by side near the National Guard tent, it struck me. They weren’t the full-size recreational vehicles I’d expected. Both were painted a deep navy-blue color; their size was more like super-sized vans than motor homes. I immediately noticed how deeply their large tires sunk into the soft ground, making the vehicles’ extreme weight apparent. I suspected the vans were military grade. “What the hell is going on here?” I thought to myself. I turned back to Agent Mathis.
“All right, I’ll help you with Rich Prince, but not until Freddy can get inside the RVs and look around. Agreed?”  
Agent Mathis again looked at his partner, who lowered his head and looked at the ground. It was obvious he didn’t want to be part of this discussion.
“Agreed,” Mathis said as he offered a handshake, “Provided I have the final say on anything he may want to use as evidence.”
“Agreed.”
I looked over and saw Freddy standing next to Mandy at the drone tent. I waved to get his attention and motioned for him to come to me.
“What’s up?” he asked as he drew near.
I pulled him aside and filled him in on the agents’ report the RVs were a secret government shipment headed to Maine for shipment out of the country. I said I needed him to search inside them to locate any shipping and customs clearance documents as well as possible means of communication with the suspected militants up on the trail. 
I could tell from the look on his face he was stunned by the revelation, but I knew him well enough to believe the wheels were already spinning in his brain. 
He looked over at the RVs and motioned for me to follow him. He walked up to the side of the first RV and reached out to touch what appeared to be a small hatch on the side of the body. Looking closer, I saw there were three similar hatches spaced along the length of the body.
“If I didn’t know better, these look like gun ports to me,” he said as he sharply rapped the body panel with his knuckles.
“Hey! This thing is armor plated! What the hell is this?”  
The National Guard soldier who had driven the van was standing nearby and had heard our conversation.
“You’re right. These things are armor clad and yeah, they have gun ports on the sides and front and back too. When you get inside, you’ll see there’re brackets welded to the floor and what looks to me to be gun mounts. They’ll hold a thirty caliber if I had to guess.”
Freddy looked at me, his eyes wide open, as he slowly shook his head back and forth.
“What’s going on guys?” Rich Prince asked as he walked over; apparently, he had been watching my discussion with the agents. I pulled him aside to deliver news I knew he didn’t want to hear. 
When I finished a few minutes later, I noticed the arteries in his neck were visibly throbbing. His face reddened. He wasn’t just pissed off; he was livid. I reached out and grabbed him by the arm.
“Rich, this case is obviously more complicated than we could have ever thought, but you need to refocus. Forget about the RVs and these guys you’re detaining. Forget about who they may be working for.”  
“Forget it?” he shouted; his voice raging with anger. “Forget it? I feel like we’ve been set up! Who the hell is this Powell guy and what is he trying to pull off that you Feds don’t want us to know about? I thought we were supposed to cooperate with each other!”
“Look, I’m as much on the dark on this as you are, and I’m pretty sure so is Damian Costigan, but you need to take control. Our focus needs to be to get these militia guys off the trail and continue to search for the Powell girl. If we can grab the militia guys, we can try to pressure them to give up what they’re doing and how they got here. In the meantime, the FBI is going to take custody of the other four and the RVs. If their orders are to release these guys and let them continue to make their delivery, so be it. But first I want Freddy to search for any shipping documents inside the vans that will tell us what this is all about.” 
“I give you my word, I’m not going to share that with the FBI. That info will be for you, me, and Freddy. Can you work with that?”
The color drained from Rich’s face; I noticed a slight shaking of his body. Suddenly, he looked physically sick.
“You all right?”  
“I don’t know. Suddenly I have a wicked headache. I hope I didn’t bust an artery.”
“All right, c’mon. Let’s go over to the ambulance and get your blood pressure checked and get you some oxygen. Have you had any sleep in the last twenty-four hours?”
“No, not much,” he mumbled softly.
As we slowly walked toward the ambulance Freddy took notice of Rich’s shaky condition, I discretely motioned for him to follow us. When we arrived at the ambulance, I explained Rich was feeling fatigued.
  The medic immediately began his assessment. I pulled Freddy away from Rich’s earshot.
 “He went ballistic when I told him he has to release the guys driving the RVs, but he’ll be all right. Now I need you to go into both vans and search them.” 
“Okay, I can do that.”  
 “Get me some general interior photos, seize any radios or cellphones you find. What I’m most interested in are the shipping and customs documents that I mentioned before. I’m especially interested in learning the name of the ship they’re supposed to meet and its time of departure. Just take some photos of the documents. Also, I want you to know I don’t plan on sharing that info with Bob Mathis or his partner, so keep what you find between us.”
Freddy was smart enough not to question my decision and immediately turned and walked toward the RVs. I went back to Rich. The medic looked up at me with wide eyes. “His BP spiked big-time; pulse is raging! I’m putting him on oxygen for a few minutes. If his BP doesn’t come down, I’m going to need to take him into the ER.”
“No way, pal!” Rich exclaimed, “I’ve got work to do. Just give me an aspirin and a few minutes and I’ll be fine.”
I patted Rich on the shoulder and told him to relax and take a few minutes to rest. I walked over to the two FBI agents and told them Major Prince would transfer the custody of the four men to them.
I had lost track of Mandy for some time now and went to check on her. I hadn’t noticed the drones had been launched and soon learned their cameras were scouring the trail for signs of the civilian hikers. In the action’s thick, I saw Mandy.
“This is so cool!” she said excitedly. I saw she had turned her ball cap backward on her head and perched herself on the edge of a canvas director’s chair. I watched her scanning the two monitors on the table in front of her.
“We’ve spotted the hikers and have been talking with the one that says he’s a cop. Now we’re going to launch the police helicopter and guide them through the woods to the road. This is so cool!”
I looked over at Sgt. Collins. In charge of the drone surveillance, he had a grin from ear to ear.
“General George Patton has nothing on this girl,” he quietly said to me. “She has us on our toes!”
“Great! Now, let’s just get these hikers out of the woods safely and get us a bearing on the militia guys who are up there.”
“Aye - Aye Sir!” Mandy said as she snapped me a salute.
“Uh…Mandy...Aye-Aye is Navy; we’re Army. We say Ooh Rah!” the Sergeant corrected her.
“Ooh Rah!” Mandy responded with enthusiasm. It was obvious I didn’t need to feel I had abandoned her. As I headed back toward the RVs, I noticed Sheriff’s Lieutenant Matt Holcomb had arrived on the scene. He came over to me and shook my hand.
“Man, lots of action up here. I brought up some containers of coffee and a bakery in town donated some boxes of cinnamon rolls and donuts; interested?”
“Yeah, let’s grab a coffee and I’ll bring you up to speed.”
I filled Matt in on all the developments. Having established a solid working relationship with him over the past year, I held nothing back.
“Wow!” he said when I finished. We sat on a log sipping our coffees. “You mean to tell me on top of a ransom kidnapping this case somehow involves the secret shipment of secret equipment to a secret location outside the country?”
“That’s how it’s looking.”
“But what about the missing girl? Any leads? Any further ransom demand calls?”
“Not that I know of. Rich Prince’s priority is to secure the trail, safeguard a group of civilian hikers by escorting them down to the road, and then focus on the suspected militia that have been reported. I’m thinking they’re more involved in the kidnapping than just locating the girl.”
Our conversation was cut short by the roar of the State Police helicopter engine as the craft rose from the nearby field to hover above the ridgeline.
“The drones must have spotted the civilian hikers. The chopper is going to shadow them as they make their way down to the road,” I explained.
“Is Mandy here? I didn’t see her when I came in.”
“Yeah, she’s in the drone tent giving orders as if she’s a four-star General!”
“Wonderful!” Matt said with a laugh. “Good luck with her drone obsession!”
We sat and watched the chopper hover over the trail. Over the course of twenty minutes, it drifted slowly toward the roadside edge of the woods. We guessed that the hikers’ exit point would be south of where Matt and his team had run into the hornet nest.
“The edge of the hillside is dangerous,” Matt remarked. “There’s a lot of loose stone, and the incline is steep, but if they take their time, they should be okay.”
 I looked over at the two parked RVs and saw Freddy step out of one. He looked around. When he spotted Matt and me, he raised his arm in the air to get our attention. From a distance I saw he had something in his hand, but I couldn’t make out what it was. Matt and I stood up and walked over to him.
“You were right! They have walkie talkies and I’ve been listening to what I think are the guys up on the trail trying to contact the RVs,” he said. “They’re asking what’s going on with the helicopter and sound pissed-off no one is answering them.”
I told Freddy we’d let them sweat it out and asked what else he had found.
“I found the shipping documents you mentioned, but I need to tell you, I had to pick the lock on a storage box to find them.”
Matt looked over at me, I shrugged. “Did you find info on the container ship?” I asked.
“I did. It’s a small Panama registered freighter, not a container ship. I Googled the maritime registry number and found a picture of it. It’s not that big, and it looks to be a newer ship. I took photos of the shipping manifest,” he added at he pulled out his cellphone and brought up the gallery. The ship’s name was Pacifico Blaze.
“Look,” he said as he tapped on a photo. “Here’s the shipping manifest for the RVs. It lists the cargo as ‘vehicles and support supplies,’ but no destination.”
“What’s the departure date and location?”
The twenty-first, that’s what, two days from now? And it’s not docked at Portland, it’s actually in Bath, Maine.
“Isn’t that where the Navy has some of its big ships built?” Matt asked. 
“Yeah. Bath Iron Works. I read an article a few months ago that reported on their build of a new class of ship that’s supposed to be the world's most advanced surface warfare vessel,” I answered.
“What better way to secretly ship military hardware out of the country than through a government contractor deep port facility.” Matt observed. “Pretty slick.”
“Exactly.” I looked over at Freddy. “You said the manifest doesn’t list a destination.”
“That’s correct, here, see for yourself,” he said as he handed me his phone with the photo of the manifest. I studied the document and saw he was correct. 
“So, we know the name of the ship, the date and time its leaving, but we don’t know where it’s going.”
“That’s right. But once it leaves, we can track it.”
‘We can? How?”
“Well, anybody can access maritime movements on the internet. I made a quick query and saw that the Pacifico Blaze is listed as currently docked in Bath,” Freddy explained, “but we’re not just anybody.”
I noticed he was grinning. Before I could ask the question begging an answer, Rich Prince walked over to us.
“What’s going on, guys?”
I quickly explained what Freddy had found during his search of the RVs, and that we now had info on the ship being used to get the RVs out of the country, but we didn’t know the destination.
“And that helps me find the Powell girl, how?” he asked, obviously confused.
“It doesn’t exactly, but it may give us a lead. C’mon over here and sit down,” I said as I motioned to the log Matt and I had been sharing.
I turned to Freddy. “you said we can track the ship on the internet, but I sense you have something else in mind.”
‘Well, you do know I have a reputation to uphold and I never travel light. I have a small bag of tricks in my car. Give me an hour and I’ll wire in two GPS transponders, one in each RV. That way if the ship goes off the grid, we can get a fix on their locations without going through the internet tracking database.”
“And that’s legal?” I asked.
“You’re the lawyer, you tell me. We have an urgent need and don’t have time to get a surveillance warrant. Can’t you file for one after the fact given the circumstances?”
I saw three sets of eyes looking at me, but I didn’t have an answer. 
My gut said we needed to follow Freddy’s lead; I’d deal with the legality later. If the RVs were such a government secret, I doubted if the CIA or whoever was their owner would want to expose their operation in a court battle claiming an illegal surveillance.
“Do it.” I said. “Just do it and get this case moving forward again.”
Freddy nodded and sprinted across the field toward his car.
“And what are we going to tell your FBI friends?” Rich asked.
“Nothing; just stall them. Freddy said he needs an hour. Just stall them.” 
Rich nodded and stood up. “Thanks. I‘ve let this case get away from me. I agree we need to get it back on track. Tell your FBI friends I’ll transfer the guys were holding in an hour.” He turned and slowly trudged toward his command post where the agents were waiting.
“Is Rich okay? He looks a little out of sorts,” Matt asked.
“He is. This case blew up in his face. He needs our help to figure out who has a motive to kidnap the girl, and we need to know if the kidnapper has contacted her father again. But first let’s get the civilian hikers down here safely and then if you’re up to it, you can help interview the guys from the RV.”


 



 




























Chapter 5

Over the next hour, the search site again took on the appearance of  a military encampment. The National Guard had activated reinforcements, arriving with a mobile field kitchen and two trucks loaded with tents and outdoor survival equipment. The Guard Officer-in-Charge met with Rich Prince and assured him his troops would remain on the scene to assist the civilian hikers set up camp and his men would provide site security. After a few minutes of watching the activity, I decided it was time for me to call Damian and bring him up to speed. 
I walked over to a shady spot under a half dead oak tree at the base of the trail hillside to get away from the noise of the diesel generators and the roar of the hovering helicopter that was following the hikers descending from the woods. I perched myself on a large log, its bark stripped bare from years of exposure to the elements. It was a far cry from my spacious former office at the Boston Federal Court building and the plush home office Mandy and I had built at our house, but given the war zone atmosphere this case had taken on, it would suffice. Damian answered on the fourth ring of his phone.
“You better have some good news for me,” he growled.
 No “Hello, how’s it going?  How can I help you?” I thought to myself.
“I hate to disappoint you,” I answered solemnly.
“Okay, give me the news, good or bad.”
“The good news is we haven’t found any dead bodies; the bad news is this case has become an absolute disaster.”
“An absolute disaster? What are you talking about? You have the State Police, Sheriffs, National Guard, helicopters; what could go wrong with all that?”
“Hey! You’re the one that asked me to help you on this. Are you interested in an update or not?” I shot back in anger.
“Yeah. Sorry, my phones have been ringing off the desk with the news media pressing me for comment on what the hell is going on out there. Do you know this case has gone national? What’s all this about having to rescue hikers from some mercenaries? Jesus, Man; this is a ransom kidnapping, not the overthrow of the US Government.”
“Well, that might not be too far-off track.”
“What?” All right. Slowly, from the beginning; what’s your status?”
It took me five minutes to bring him up to speed. He listened quietly. When I finished the briefing, there was silence on his end of the phone.
“Boss? Damian? You there?”
“Yeah, I’m here, but I’m at a loss what to make of all this. It begs the question, is this kidnapping report a diversion designed to cover up something else?”
“I’m not following you.”
“Take it from the beginning,” he said. “A young guy shows up claiming he was beaten unconscious up on the Appalachian Trail and his girlfriend kidnapped. He says the kidnapper ransacked the campsite. When the cops check it out, they confirm his story. The girl’s father says he got a ransom call, but so far no one has interviewed him about when he got the call, how the kidnapper could reach him, or what the caller said other than to wire a million bucks into a foreign account. We know nothing about the account address or any details on how he wants the transaction done. There’s too many missing pieces in all of this.”
“I agree,” I said, “but factor in the father sends his own armed people up onto the trail to find his daughter, and to do that he’s using tricked out tactical vehicles that we now know are being sent out of the country for delivery to an unknown government intelligence agency. What all that’s suggesting to me is the father is the kidnapper’s actual target. What I don’t get is why him, and why is the FBI backing off on taking the case?”
“That’s my point. The father should be your focus, not some armed group that’s raising hell in the woods. That’s the local cops’ problem, not ours. We need to get some answers from the father. Maybe that will open the door to find out why the FBI is holding back.”
“You think this may have cartel involvement?” I asked.
Damian hesitated for a few moments. “My gut is telling me this isn’t about drugs. This smells more like a power play to overthrow an existing regime or insurgent group rather than drug traffickers.”
“I think you could be on the right track when we factor in the tactical vehicles contain assault rifles and thousands of rounds of ammunition. That’s enough to start a small war.” I said.
“Okay, so we need a plan. Ready to hear my thoughts?” he asked.
“Yeah, but I need to know something up front. Are you going to open a case or are we going to continue to play it’s not my job with Washington?”
“Yes. It’s our case now and you’re in charge. I’ll call the State Police Commissioner and tell him, his people can assist you. First, we need to track down this Powell guy and interview him; we need details. If he balks, we’ll threaten him with an indictment for obstruction. If he doesn’t cooperate, we’ll go after his tax records and freeze his assets. If he tries to hide behind his Senator friend, I’ll be looking at that as conspiracy to obstruct. Now, about these tactical vehicles. You said Washington wants you to forget about the guys driving them and allow them to make the delivery to a ship. How much info do you have about that?”
I explained Freddy had searched the RVs and found documents naming the ship involved and port of departure.
“Freddy? I told him that since he was going out there to visit his girlfriend to check in with you, I didn’t realize you two had connected. Do you need his help with anything?” Damian asked.
“To be honest, he’s already been helping. As we speak, he’s installing GPS trackers on the two RVs so that we’ll be able to follow the ship’s movements and find out its destination.”
“Oh? When did you get a surveillance warrant?”
“We didn’t. Since the FBI is here demanding Rich Prince transfer custody of the RVs and drivers to them, we’re claiming exigent circumstances as an exception to the warrant requirement.”
“Do you honestly think that will pass judicial scrutiny?” he asked in obvious disbelief I’d acted so impulsively.
“Do you honestly think the CIA or DEA or who knows what clandestine government agency would want to debate the legality in open court?” I countered.
“Of course not, but it’s still risky. Does the FBI know about the GPS trackers?”
“No, and I’m not planning to tell them.”
Damian was silent for a few moments.
 As I waited, I decided I wasn’t going to change course no matter what he said. I wanted to know where the vehicles and weapons were being delivered.
“All right. What’s done is done. I would suggest you get started on tracking down the girl’s father. And keep me posted on that. At some point soon I’ll have to acknowledge to the press that our office is actively involved in the case.”
We ended the call with my agreement with his plan. I stood up from my log bench and noticed the hikers had just broken through the thick underbrush onto the small open field of the command post. As I walked toward them, I saw National Guard soldiers and medics greet them and help with the camping supplies they were carrying. Amongst the crowd, I saw Mandy standing with Rich and Matt Holcomb. As I drew closer, Mandy walked over to me.
“I tried calling you, but it went to your phone mail. Is everything okay?”  
I took her by the hand and without speaking walked her away from the hiker rescue activity to the log that had become my field office. I motioned for her to sit down. I settled in next to her.
“Somehow I get the feeling you have something to tell me,” she said as she looked over at me.
I thought about how to break the news I was going to take over the lead of the investigation. I quickly decided I’d just tell her and hoped I wouldn’t dampen the enjoyment she’d felt by helping with the drone surveillance.
“I spoke with Damian on the phone a few minutes ago, he’s taking over this case and wants me to coordinate the investigation with the State Police and Sheriffs. I told him I would.”
To my relief Mandy didn’t question my decision 
“I knew it was only a matter of time,” she said.” Don’t tell the others I said this, but I think they’re in over their heads on this without your help. But you can’t do this alone. How can I help you?”
I explained the next step was to locate and communicate with the militia guys still up on the trail to show themselves and surrender, adding that I would assign Rich and Matt to get that done.
“What will you do if they don’t agree to give up?” she asked.
I hesitated for a moment, but not because I didn’t have a plan. I worried my words might frighten her.
“Then we’ll have to drop a SWAT team onto the trail and take whatever action is necessary to take them into custody,” I explained.
“You mean shoot them?”
“Hopefully it won’t come to that, but we’ll do whatever we need to do. First though, I need to break the news to Rich and Matt that this is now a Federal investigation. C’mon,” I said as I stood and reached for her hand.
 “I’ll need you to work with your drone friends to spot the militia for us. Once we get a bearing on them, we’ll use the walkie talkies Freddy found in the RVs to communicate with them. Hopefully, they’ll realize their best course will be to surrender.”
“Okay, I’ll see what we can do,” she said as she led me toward the command post tent.
I didn’t have to break the news about the change in jurisdiction. As soon as I drew close, I saw Rich had a look of relief on his face..
“Thank You I just got a call from the Lieutenant Colonel. He said Damian Costigan called him and said you were taking over the case and we’ll assist you. That’s fine with me,”
I motioned for the men to join me inside the command tent where we sat down at a small wooden table.
“Okay. The first piece of business is to use the chopper and drones to locate these militia guys. If our information is correct, they’re on opposite ends of the trail working towards each other. Once we get a visual on them, we can use the walkie talkies from the RVs to order them to surrender. Matt, are you up for being the point man on coordinating with the National Guard?”
“Yeah, I’ll do it.”
“Great! Rich, I need you to take charge of the SWAT team. Once we get a location on the militia, you’ll have to make the call whether to drop your people in if they won’t voluntarily surrender and come down from the hill.  Are your guys set up to rappel if necessary?”
“Yeah, the team are all certified in rope descent.”
“Great! All right, Matt, head over to the drone tent and work with Mandy on the surveillance, Rich, you’ll need to brief your men on our plan.”
Both men headed out on their assignments, I stayed inside the tent to think through how I would handle an interview with Sam Powell, but first I needed to find him. My quiet time was short-lived.
 FBI Agents Mathis and Tanner walked into the tent and disrupted my train of thought.
“Daryl! What the hell’s going on? Washington is getting impatient and wondering why you’re not turning the four detainees over to us.” 
“We’re on a timeline. I need you to immediately release them and the RVs so we can get them on the road.”
“What’s your plan, Bob? Are you just going to cut them loose?”
Agent Mathis glanced at his partner. “No, we’re going to follow them onto the Pike and make sure they get on either 495 or I-95 headed north. Those are our orders.”
“Okay, give me a minute,” I said as I nodded my understanding and pulled out my cellphone to check in with Freddy.
“Am I clear to release the RV and drivers?” I asked when he answered.
“Yeah, Boss. I just finished, you’re good to go They’ll never find the parting gifts I’ve left them.”
“Okay, thanks. Meet me in the command tent.”
I turned to Agent Mathis. “There all yours, Bob. Good luck.”
The agents turned and quickly left. No “thank you,” no “good luck with your investigation.” 
I had mixed feelings about changing my plan to interview the RV drivers, but realized I had to clear the deck of the distractions that were pulling us away from finding the kidnapped girl. I’d made my decision and would have to live with it.
A few minutes later Freddy came into the tent carrying his “bag of tricks” as he called it, and a laptop. He was grinning, his adrenaline noticeably flowing.
“Man, I’ve got to tell you, those trucks have some high-tech electronics in them!” he said excitedly as he opened the laptop and logged in.
“What do you mean?”
“I didn’t have much time to poke around, but I wired the GPS trackers for power from a fuse block, and I noticed there’s all sorts of motherboards and relays wired to a communications module. It looks like it’s satellite geographic mapping equipment. If I had to guess, those babies are for some type of weapons guidance system.”
This was the Freddy Morton I was used to. Give him access to high-tech electronics and he’d salivate as he dissected it.
“Well, I don’t know what those trucks will be used for, but I need to know. Will your GPS system work?” I asked.
“Oh, ye of little faith, of course my toys will work; watch this!”
He swiftly typed some commands into the laptop. A terrain map of western Massachusetts appeared. 
A few more taps and I saw a red dot blinking near the word Byronham. A small dialogue box in the screen’s corner displayed longitude and latitude.
“Once the trucks are on board, the ship and it moves into open water, I’ll be able to track it within a quarter-mile accuracy. The system is satellite enabled; we can plot the entire route it’s taking.”
He sat back and folded his arms in a display of self-satisfaction. Despite his flair for occasional eccentric behavior, Freddy Morton’s mind was razor sharp when there was a need to develop an investigation plan. I leaned back in my chair and stretched my neck. The ache in my shoulder muscles that had been growing in severity over the past hour seemed to relent, as if my body was telling me we’re finally getting somewhere.
I thanked Freddy for his help and asked him to work with Mandy and Matt Holcomb in the drone tent. As we walked toward the tent, I saw some troopers interviewing small groups of the hikers who had come down from the trail, Their faces bore signs of relief, the National Guard and the equipment they had brought in for their needs and comfort were cause for celebration. 
Mostly in their late twenties and early thirties the hikers excitedly recounted their confusion and concern when the helicopters appeared overhead, their fears heightened by radio news reports they were hearing about armed men on the trail. As I stood and listened to one group, I learned they had been on a three-day weekend hike, having entered the trail in Lee, planning to end their trek at the Housatonic River in Sheffield. They reported they didn’t have any contact with the militia we were seeking to locate. 
As I walked away, it bothered me we hadn’t seen the armed men during the drone surveillance. I wondered where were the two groups of hikers who had called 911 to report being confronted by them?  I guessed the calls would have been received by the County emergency communications center and went to find Matt Holcomb to see if he could call the Center for more information. It was troubling to think we hadn’t heard from them again.
As I entered the drone control command tent, I couldn’t help but smile when I saw Mandy pacing back and forth looking over the shoulders of the National guardsmen watching the camera monitors.
Matt approached me and motioned me aside, a wide grin on his face.


“Your lady has her troops on high alert,” he said with a laugh.
 “She’s barking orders with directions where she wants them to steer the drones. I must tell you; no one is arguing with her.”
“Smart guys,” I answered. “I need to know if the 911 Center can contact the first callers who reported having contact with the militia. We need to narrow down where that happened and figure out where they are right now. The clock is ticking, we need to get them off the trail ASAP.”
“Okay, I’ll make a call. Give me a few minutes and I’ll get back to you.”
I noticed Mandy looking over her shoulder at me. She flashed a quick smile and turned back to her surveillance duties. A few seconds later I heard her cry out, “There! To the left, behind those rocks. I see them!”
Suddenly the soldiers sitting in front of the monitors sprang into overdrive. Mandy was calling out directions to the Guardsman steering the drone with the joystick. She was leaning over his back straining to get a better look at the monitor, almost pushing his face into it.
I saw Sergeant Collins pull out his cell phone and heard him giving the order for the State Police Emergency Services team to get airborne. He looked over at me. “I’m calling Major Prince. The chopper will be in the air in five minutes.”
From inside the tent, I heard the military helicopter’s engine fire up, the crescendo of the spinning rotors rapidly getting faster, the roar of the engine louder. I stepped out of the tent and saw the troopers scrambling to board the aircraft.
I stepped back into the tent and motioned for Freddy to come over to me. As I did Rich Prince came running into the tent and immediately went over to the table to look at the video monitors.
“You have the walkie talkies you took out of the RVs?” I asked Freddy.
“Yeah, they’re in my bag.”
“Get them. I want you to raise the militia guys.”
Freddy went across the tent, grabbed his black bag and returned with one of the walkie talkies.
“Okay, I want you to call out to them. Tell them you’re the police, and they’re surrounded. Order them to step out into the open, put their weapons down and raise their hands into the air.”
“Are you serious?” he asked. “You think they’re going to listen to me?”
“Just do it. Be creative. I don’t care what you tell them; just get them to give up.”
Freddy didn’t argue, he turned on the walkie talkie and slowly spoke in a loud deep voice.
“You men on the trail with weapons. This is the FBI! You are surrounded both on the ground and from the air. You are to surrender immediately! Step out into the open, lay down your weapons and raise your arms in the air. You have one minute to comply, or we will open fire!”
His last remark almost caused my heart to stop beating! In the background, I heard the roar of the helicopter engine as it prepared to lift off from the makeshift landing zone to our left.
Freddy looked over at me. He wore a look of self-satisfaction. “How was that? You said to be creative!”
Before I could answer, the two-way-radio Rich Prince was holding came to life; the helicopter pilot was asking for GPS coordinates of the militia’s location. Rich handed the radio to Sgt. Collins, who read off the longitude and latitude from a computer screen. When he finished, the three of us stepped out of the tent and spotted the military helicopter moving close to the treetops. As we watched, the State Police helicopter lifted off the ground and banked upwards toward the ridgeline.
After a minute or two, Rich’s radio crackled; “We’ve spotted them, they’re painting us with a laser. What are our orders?” 
“What does that mean?” I heard Mandy ask as she tugged on my arm. I hadn’t realized she had come out of the tent and was standing behind me.
“It means the militia is aiming a weapon with a laser sight at the helicopter,” I explained.
Before she could ask any more questions I quickly stepped into the tent and instructed Freddy to repeat his warning message. When he finished repeating it almost verbatim from the first time, there was silence for a few seconds.
Rich’s radio crackled; “We’re being painted times two. We have a visual. What are our rules of engagement?” asked the crewman.
Rich looked over at me, I thought quickly. “Let them know we’re serious.”  
Rich gave the order. “Lay down a short burst to get their attention.”
The crack of automatic rifle fire echoed down from the ridge into the valley below. Surprisingly it was louder than I expected. The shock of what was happening caught Mandy off-guard. She let out a scream as she grabbed me, her fingernails digging into my arm.
“God! I didn’t expect this! Are they shooting back?” she asked, in a hushed voice. Before I could answer more gunfire erupted. 
It wasn’t automatic fire from the chopper, but sounded like multiple guns on the ground. 
 I looked up and saw the military chopper bank sharply to the left and rapidly gain altitude.
“Command, we are under fire!” a voice excitedly came across the radio. Rich quickly looked over at me, I saw him draw a deep breath.
“Use of deadly force is authorized,” he calmly replied over his radio.
For the next fifteen seconds, the air was filled with the sound of intense gunfire from both the military and State Police helicopters. Mandy grabbed my arm tighter and buried her head into my chest. I felt her weight dragging me down. I quickly moved her to a position behind a nearby large tree.
“It’s okay Babe, we’re safe down here. Just stay calm,” I said to reassure her she was safe. Freddy ran over to us. He reached out and put his hand on her shoulder, sensing she was scared to death.
“Freddy, get on the radio! Tell them again to surrender immediately,” I instructed him.
“Surrender now or you are dead men,” was his terse radio message, apparently the best he could think of on the spur of the moment.
I glanced around and saw some guardsmen on the ground behind us had taken up positions behind the parked trucks, their rifles trained upward toward the ridge. The rescued hikers scrambled for cover.
“All right! All right! We give up!” came the voice over Freddy’s radio. To my surprise, he took control of the situation. “Drop your weapons and step out into a clearing with your hands in the air”, he commanded over the radio. For a few seconds there was no reply from the militia.
“Do as you’ve been instructed, or we will fire on you,” Freddy said, his voice now louder, his speech slower.
“All right! We’re coming out. Don’t shoot! Don’t shoot!”  
Rich Prince gave the order for his team to hold their fire. As I stepped out from behind the tree sheltering Mandy and me, I looked up toward the ridge and saw the SWAT officers were descending by ropes from the helicopter that was now hovering low, just above the tree line.
It was over in minutes. The helicopter pilot reported the suspects were in custody. Rich Prince walked toward us. I heard him ask the helicopter for a situation report. “Do you have casualties?”  
It took a minute or two, but the reply was what I was hoping.
“Negative casualties, suspects are in custody. We are setting down on a clearing two hundred yards to the west for transport to your base.”
We watched as the military chopper slowly banked away from the ridge, out of our view. 
The State Police chopper swept low to almost treetop level. We watched as it slowly covered the SWAT teams’ relocation to the landing zone on the trail.
“Thank Christ that’s over and nobody got hurt,” Rich remarked. “What are we going to do about the other militia team that supposed to be up there?”
I thought fast. The other militia was reportedly east of us. I decided that once the captured militia were brought down to our command post, we’d have them contact the other team by radio and instruct them to surrender. I explained my plan to Rich.
“And what do we do if they don’t comply?” he asked.
“Then it’s deja vous all over again.”  
It took almost twenty minutes for the two helicopters to touch down in the clearing next to the command post. We watched as the SWAT team removed their prisoners and escorted them to a tent Rich was using as a detention center. I was surprised when I saw the militia were dressed in combat fatigues. Except for one, they were all middle-aged, bearded, and looked more like a motorcycle gang than private security contractors. I needed to know who they were and how they got here. They were escorted into the tent. Two of the SWAT officers were carrying assault rifles with laser sights they’d seized from the men.
Rich Prince signaled to two of his detectives who were standing nearby watching the action. They came over to him and after a brief conversation started toward the detention tent.
“I told my guys to play hard ass with these punks. We need one of them to get on the radio to their buddies on the other end of the trail and convince them to surrender.”  
For the next minute or two, we heard shouting coming from the prisoner’s tent. The language was crude. At one point, the side of the tent suddenly bulged out, followed by a man’s cry out as if in pain.
I shot a look at Rich. His jaw was clenched, he was rapidly opening and closing his fists as his anxiety spiked. I reached over and put my arm on his. 
“Hey! You told your guys to play hard ass; that was the right call,” I said to reassure him that this was one of those occasions when we had to bend the rules a bit. “Give your guys some time in there.”
Rich obliged me, but that didn’t stop the nervous motion of his hands. After another few minutes we saw the body of a man come flying out of the tent entrance, immediately followed by the larger of the detectives. He grabbed the man by the scruff of his jacket, lifted him and threw him forward. He tumbled back onto the ground.
“Get up you son-of-a-bitch, you ain’t hurt,” the detective growled as he again grabbed the jacket and pulled the man to his feet.
The detective escorted the prisoner over to two uniformed troopers who took custody of him. They had to use force to sit him in a canvass chair. He was a big man; with his scruffy beard and camouflage garb, he looked like he had just been pulled out of the backwoods of the Ozarks.
I looked over and saw Mandy was standing, or rather hiding behind Freddy, her hand tightly gripping his arm.
“Freddy, take the radio over to those guys. We need the prisoner to contact his buddies,” I said. “And Freddy, these are tough guys. The kid glove approach isn’t going to work with them.”
“I got this,” he said as he turned to Mandy and smiled, releasing her grip from his arm and moving her over to me.
“You okay Hon?” I asked as I pulled her close to me, her body trembling.
“Yeah,” she said weakly.” I just got scared for a minute. Is it always like this?”
“No, but we’re playing for keeps here,” I answered. “These guys shot at the helicopters, and they were up on the trail threatening innocent civilians. They’re bad-ass and we have to talk to them in a language they understand.”
“Well, I certainly understood the language I just heard,” she said with a nervous laugh. 
“Yeah, sorry about that. Listen, this is Rich’s show now, there’s nothing more you and I can do here. We need to work on finding the Powell girl. Just give me a minute with Rich and then you and I will head out, okay?”
She nodded her head in understanding. “Yeah, I just want to go say goodbye to Sergeant Collins. I’ll wait for you over at the drone tent.”
I walked over to where Rich was standing with his troopers, Freddy, and the prisoner. As I got closer, I was surprised to see that Freddy had taken the lead in confronting the prisoner with the demand to call off his buddies. For a guy known for his eccentric antics and doing most of his covert work in the dead of night, he was stepping up and playing the role of G-Man extraordinaire.  If he was the future face of the   FBI, the Bureau was in for an adventure.
I pulled Rich aside and told him the rest of this operation was all his. I told him I needed to work on finding the Powell girl, and my first step would be to locate her father and interview him.
I glanced over and saw Freddy hand the walkie talkie to the prisoner, who used it several times trying to raise his militia partners.
“My detectives are telling me these guys are saying they’re private security contractors; they all had Federal firearms permits on them,” Rich said. “One of them is talking. He says he’s recently discharged Army Special Ops and new to the security company. He says he wants out of this. I told my guys to find out who hired him, how he got here, and what the story was on the RVs that we grabbed. I’ll call you later to let you know what we find out.”
I walked over to the drone tent, thanked Sergeant Collins and his men for their assistance and hospitality toward Mandy. She and I headed for home.
We didn’t talk for the first ten minutes of the drive back to Stockbridge. Finally, Mandy broke the ice.
“You’re so quiet. What’s wrong?” she asked.
“It’s this case; it’s so messed up. I can’t believe I’ve agreed to take it on.”
‘What do you mean, messed up?”  
“Think about it. We’ve spent almost two days tracking down some vigilante militia to get them off the trail, we’ve done nothing to locate the missing girl. For some bizarre, unknown reason, the FBI has deferred a ransom demand kidnapping to local authorities. That’s unheard of.”
“Why would the FBI do that?” she asked.
“I don’t have a clue. I don’t even know who I can trust in the Bureau to tell me what the hell is going on.”
“Can’t Damian find out for you?”
I thought about what she was saying, but my gut was telling me he was as much in the dark as I was. I needed a plan.
“How can I help you?” she asked after another minute of silence from me.
“I need you to find out everything you can about Sam Powell. His business interests, government contracts, properties he owns, any extended family. It really bothers me he’s reportedly doing business with government intelligence agencies. That’s a red flag right there.”
“What do you mean, a red flag?”
“Those RVs his men were ferrying for shipment out of the country. Those things were set up as tactical vehicles, not for recreational use.”
“It makes me wonder if the government is secretly waging war somewhere and Powell is supplying the military hardware.”
“Whoa!” Mandy said, a surprised look on her face. “Where did that idea come from?”
“Think about it!” I said. “None of this makes any sense. If his daughter was kidnapped and there’s a million-dollar ransom demand, don’t you think her father would kick down our doors screaming for us to help him? That’s not happening. We don’t even know where he is right now. And why would he bring in private security people to find her? None of this makes any sense.”
“Are you thinking this is more than a kidnapping?” she asked.
I hesitated before I answered.
“I don’t know what to think. But one thing I know is that we need to find Sam Powell and question him. And I need to know where the girl’s boyfriend is and question him myself. By the way, while you’re doing your research, see what you can come up with on him.”
“Wow, that’s a lot,” Mandy said as she shook her head. “I’ll do the best I can.”
We didn’t talk for the rest of the drive. As we pulled into the driveway at home, I saw our neighbor and groundskeeper Erik Nichols was washing down the lawn tractor on the side of the garage. He waved as I pulled in and parked the car.
“Hey, you two!” he said in greeting as we walked over to him. “Bernie has been driving me crazy with her phone calls, giving me updates on the search for the missing girl. The Pittsfield TV station is doing a live broadcast from the scene. Any luck finding her?” he asked.
“No. Unknown to us, her father brought in some private security contractors to search for her. They got into a dust-up with the State Police and things got a little out of hand.”
“Bernie said something about shooting being reported. Is everyone all right?”
“Yeah, there were some shots fired, no one got hurt. The State Police ended up arresting the security people, they’re working on finding out who they are and where they’re from,” I explained.
Erik turned off the hose and wiped his hands with a rag. He looked over at Mandy.
“I hooked up a longer hose and new sprinkler from the outside faucet for you to use on your garden. You should turn it on for a while; the sun heated things up today.”
“I will, thank you,” she answered as she turned and slowly walked toward the kitchen door.
“Is she all right?” Erik asked. “She looks a little out of sorts.”
“Yeah,” I answered. “When things got out of hand at the search scene, she got scared. She got a first-hand look at violence again and I think she just needs some time to process all that.”
Erik looked as if he was thinking about what I had said. He took a deep breath. “I guess that means you’ve gone back to work,” he said.
“Yeah. I had to. I think this case is too complicated for the local PDs to manage alone and they can use a hand with it.”
“You know, we had a close call here last year when that guy tried to shoot you. Bernie and I hoped that Mandy had gotten past that and was settling in for a normal life with you. I need to be honest with you. Things were pretty calm around here before you came back to live in Stockbridge. Now it seems as if every few months we have another violent crime near us. Is it you or are the times changing?”
“Probably a little of both,” I answered somberly.
Erik thought about that. “Well, Bernie and I are worried about the both of you. We love Mandy like a daughter. Do you think she’s strong enough to handle your work?
“Yeah, I think so. We’ve gone through some tough times, but she seems to accept what I do for a living. She’s made some new friends here, she’s gotten into gardening, some community charity work. I believe she’s stronger than we may think she is.”
He shook his head. “Okay, just be careful,” he said and turned back to finishing his cleanup tasks.
Erik’s words gave me pause to think. We’d been through a lot, but Mandy had helped me with another case after the shooting incident and proved through her research skills that she had had great intuition and wasn’t afraid to speak her mind. As much as I was reluctant to admit it, her instincts had proven to be sharper than mine more than once. We made a good team. She could handle this new case.
I went into the house and saw that the family room sliding glass door leading to the deck was open. I went out onto the deck and saw she was in her garden setting up the sprinkler. She stood there for a few minutes watching the water quenching the thirst of her crops. She looked pensive. I wondered what was running through her mind.

 

















Chapter 6

I’ve learned from my work that once an investigation gets underway, life’s normal routine is lost to the matter at hand. This evening was no exception.
I touched base with Rich Prince. He had no news other than to say the phone pings were continuing, now scaled back to every four hours. There was still no signal. He said he’d keep me posted.
Mandy spent the late afternoon in her home office researching the names of the key players in Courtney Powell’s kidnapping, taking only a brief break to make sandwiches for dinner. As we ate, we sat in the family room and watched the local news reports of the ongoing Appalachian Trail search efforts and the evacuation of the hikers.
An hour earlier, Rich had checked in with me by phone, reporting that the second team of militia private security had surrendered without incident at the urging of their associate who had contacted them on their two-way radio. Rich reported that the three men, like their associates, produced Federal firearms licenses and maintained their possession of automatic weapons was lawful. Rich questioned their claim and said for the time being he was avoiding the issue by arresting all the men for obstruction and adding the charge of assault to the first militia team for shooting at the helicopters. I winced when he told me, but I understood his dilemma. I admitted I would have to check the Federal statutes before I could render my legal opinion about the legality of the weapons’ possession.
Rich further reported the search on the trail had ended for the day. There had been no new contact from Courtney’s kidnapper, nor had her father been in contact with the State Police.  
After the news show ended, Mandy brought me some printouts from her first research on Samuel Powell’s business interests. 
Reading through several pages, I was impressed to learn he had grown a modest family-owned car dealership into a large, franchised operation that spanned Georgia, North Carolina and Eastern Tennessee. 
On corporate filings he was listed as the Chief Executive Officer. His Chief Operating Officer was listed as Parker Sullivan.
Mandy had found some filings for several tradenames issued to Powell that listed the business type as automotive sales and supplies. She had taken her findings a step further and printed out webpages from two of these businesses; they appeared to be medium size wholesale and retail auto parts stores. When I got to the last of her printouts something caught my eye; a new company named First Strike Strategic Solutions.
Reading through the filing, Samuel Powell was listed as the President, but unlike his other business interests, the Managing Director was named Thomas Bishop. The business type was listed as military support equipment. What struck me was the forms didn’t have a physical address listed for the business, rather only a law firm in Virginia as the agent-for-service.
I leaned back into the sofa to think. When Rich Prince met with the Georgia detective who had flown up with Sam Powell, the detective mentioned something off the record about his agency discretely looking at Powell’s business activities on the suspicion he was providing weapons and related equipment to suspected white supremacist militia groups.
I took out my phone and Googled First Strike Strategic Solutions. Nothing came up. On a hunch, I searched the name Thomas Bishop. Unbelievably, Google had almost two hundred eight million search hits! I narrowed the search down by adding the word Georgia, now there were eight million hits. This wasn’t working for me.
Adding the word ‘military’ to the name finally hit something that caught my eye. An article reported the recent retirement of Army Lt. Colonel Thomas Bishop, last assigned to the Pentagon Special Operations Office.
The article was vague, reporting only he was retiring to take a position in the private sector. Assuming the Colonel was the man associated with Sam Powell was a stretch, but as I thought it through, it made sense.  I never before had a reason to consider where the government obtained its advanced weapons equipment, or who built the systems.
I realized that each bit of information that Mandy was coming up with was strengthening my belief that Samuel Powell was much more than a car and truck salesman.
After spending a half-hour online researching what types of projects the Pentagon Special Operations Office was involved in, I concluded the lack of transparency of their activities suggested it was closely linked to the Intelligence community. I had a sinking feeling this case was leading me into the underbelly of secret government operations, a place I didn’t want to go. 
As I sat and pondered what my next move should be, a call from Damian Costigan in Boston set my course.
“Daryl! I got a call from a lawyer here in Boston who says he represents the kidnapped girl’s father. They want to have a meeting with me. I’m inclined to agree to it, but I want you and Major Prince to sit in on it. How soon can you come to Boston?”
I had to think quickly.
“I can be up there around noon tomorrow. Will that work?”
“Fine. I’ll schedule a meeting for one o’clock in my office. You make the arrangements with the Major and I’ll see you then.”
The call abruptly ended on his end.
I called Rich Prince on his cell phone and filled him in on Damian’s update. He was surprised, but readily agreed that he’d drive us up to Boston in the morning.
I went out into the kitchen and saw through the window Mandy was outside by her garden talking with Erik Nichols. I went out and joined them. After a brief conversation about his landscaping plans for the next few days, Erik excused himself to finish his chores.
I explained Damian’s call that Rich Prince and I would be going to Boston in the morning and would be back home late in the afternoon. I was sure she was going to ask if she could go, but was surprised when she simply nodded her understanding.
“You know it’s important that I speak with the girl’s father, don’t you?” I asked.
She seemed to be thinking for a moment before she answered.
“Yeah, go, I understand. I’ll be fine, in fact, I have something planned for tomorrow. Good luck with your interview.”
She turned and went inside her garden, bending over to pull out a weed. As I watched her, I had the feeling that she’d given in too easily. I wondered what she was up to tomorrow.

















Chapter 7

The next morning, Rich Prince arrived at my house and we were on the road to Boston a few minutes after ten-thirty. As he drove, he filled me in on his detectives’ report of their interviews of the militia members they had arrested. It didn’t surprise me when he said they weren’t cooperative. 
“Damn!” I said aloud as I banged my fist into the seat. Rich looked over at me.
“Yeah, I know, but we got lucky.”
“What do you mean?”  
“Remember that young guy who didn’t seem to fit in with the other militia? Well, turns out he seems like a decent young guy who just got mixed up with a bad crew.”
“He told my detectives he was discharged from the Army two months ago, and from what he told them about his service, it checks out he was assigned to a Special Ops’ unit. His family are farmers, and he doesn’t want to spend the rest of his life on a tractor. He said he put in a job application with the Georgia State Patrol and heard that a local security company was looking to hire officers who had recent military experience. Thinking that would look good on his resume, he applied. He was hired, but now he realizes he made a big mistake.”
“I guess so! Possession of an automatic weapon? Firing at Federal and State officers? That won’t look so good on his resume.”
Rich looked over at me.
“Uh, actually, I want to talk with you about that.”
“His name is Bradley Stone. When he was arrested, he was carrying a nine-millimeter automatic. Turns out he has a national concealed carry weapons permit. One of my detectives checked out how he got it and verified his permit is listed as valid in the national registry. Apparently in the fine print of the regulation it says certain classes of retired or discharged military personal who were assigned to Special Ops units are eligible for the permit.. He wasn’t in possession of the automatic weapons that fired at the choppers. When my detectives checked his weapon, it was loaded, but there was no evidence it had been recently fired.”
“I’m aware of the retired law enforcement permit privilege, but I wasn’t aware it also applied to certain former military personnel. So, what’s you point?”  
“We’re taking the militia guys to be arraigned today, and my Department we’ll be asking for high bonds on them. I don’t know what the District Attorney will do, but I don’t want Stone prosecuted. I may have overstepped my authority, but I ordered him to be released with a warning for trespassing. He’s agreed to take a room at one of the local motels for a few days, and he says he’ll cooperate with us any way he can. Do you think I’m going to get jammed up for that?”
I was surprised by what he had done, but I followed his thinking. We could use all the help we could get to learn about Sam Powell, his daughter, and his business activities.  
“I’ll talk with Damian and convince him that Mr. Stone is a material witness. That will take it out the hands of the Berkshire D.A. and he won’t have an arrest on his record.”
Rich looked visibly relieved.
“Thanks, that would be great. I have to tell you; my guys that interviewed Stone said that with his background and service record he should apply to our Department, and I’m inclined to agree.”
 I let the conversation drop and saw Rich lean back into his seat, looking more relaxed than he had been in days. He was quiet as he drove, focusing his attention on staying in the left lane of the Pike cruising at a steady seventy-five miles per hour.
When we arrived at the Federal Courthouse a half-hour before the scheduled meeting with Sam Powell and his lawyer, Damian was waiting for us in his office.  
I filled him in on the status of the investigation. He seemed aggravated each time I mentioned Sam Powell’s militia group. Whatever was bothering him, he didn’t share with us. 
I brought up and explained the opportunity to use one of the militia members, Bradley Stone, as a material witness against the other militia, and his offer to cooperate with the investigation. I expected Damian to have an argument of a half-dozen reasons for disagreeing. To my surprise, he gave it his blessing with one word: “Fine.”
There was an awkward pause in the discussion. 
“Something wrong?”  
“Yeah. You didn’t mention one word about the girl. Did you forget this case is about her kidnapping?” he asked in a confrontational tone, raising his hand in a questioning gesture.
 I hadn’t come to Boston to get a dressing down from him. I took offense with his tone and defended myself.
“That’s why we’re here! The girl!” I firmly replied. “Her father first reported her kidnapping and the ransom demand to his Senator buddy in Washington, not to the FBI, not the Georgia authorities, not the State Police here in Massachusetts That’s a huge red flag right there! We need to hear from him how this all went down. That’s why we’re here.” I poked my index finger down hard on his desk for emphasis.
 “Well, in a few minutes you’re going to have your chance,” he calmly replied. He hesitated for a moment. “Aren’t you even interested in who he’s retained as an attorney?”
“Who is it?” I snapped.
“Emerson Palmer.”
The name shocked me. I leaned back into the cushion of the chair and slowly shook my head in disbelief. 
I was well acquainted with the man. I looked over at Rich and explained Emerson Palmer was Senior Partner of arguably the most high-profile and expensive law firm in Boston. He and his staff of a dozen lawyers were notorious for their defensive tactics in criminal matters.
Their standard strategy was to turn the tables and put law enforcement on trial by hurling accusations of police misconduct. They would claim perjury, racism, excessive force, gender or sexual bias and every other type of illegal or degrading conduct they could bring up before the judge would slam their gavel and say, “Enough!” 
It was no surprise their junkyard dog tactics frequently cast doubt in juror’s minds as to the truthfulness of the police, and as a result more than one guilty defendant walked away free from the charges.
Damian looked at his watch and excused himself to use the rest- room before our meeting.
After he left the office, Rich tapped me on the arm.
“Hey! What’s between you and Damian about this Palmer guy?”
  I explained that the last case I prosecuted in Boston before I stepped away into my consulting attorney role was a widespread sex trafficking case involving adolescent female and male victims. We arrested more than a dozen prominent area men after an investigation by a task force of investigators I had led.
Among those arrested were a doctor, bank executive, investment fund manager and two city politicians. The case drew national attention in the media. Only one defendant, a notorious city councilman who ruled over his ward with an iron fist for years, insisted on going to a trial by Judge. Emerson Palmer represented him. All the other defendants had copped pleas and received stiff sentences. I hesitated for a moment.
Rich spread his hands apart, the gesture silently asking, “And?”
I explained. “At trial, Palmer unleashed his vicious slew of accusations of police misconduct at the first detective who testified. I objected, and in my argument to the Court I ripped him to shreds for his unprofessional tactics. Palmer lost it and raged at the Judge after he agreed with me. He became so disrespectful that the Judge ordered him held him in contempt”.
“To make a long story short, his client changed his plea to guilty and was sentenced to ten years in prison. If the trial had continued, he was facing twenty years.”
“I filed a complaint against Palmer with the Bar Association, and a few months later he received a written reprimand for unprofessional conduct. That seriously damaged his personal and his firm’s reputations.
Damian took some heat for what I’d done.” 
“Great!” Rich said, shaking his head in resignation. “And now we   have to deal with this guy representing Sam Powell? That’s just great!”
Before I could answer, Damian came back into the office, grabbed his portfolio from his desk and we headed out down the hall to the conference room.
When we entered, Emerson Palmer’s jaw dropped.
























Chapter 8

“What is he doing here?” Palmer demanded as he jumped up, his hands on his hips as he glared at me.
“Sit down!” Damian calmly said. Palmer didn’t take his eyes off me. “Sit down!” Damian repeated. This time his words weren’t a request, they were a command. Palmer slowly took his seat.
We settled into our cushioned chairs at the conference table across from him and his client, Sam Powell.
I studied Sam Powell. He looked nothing like I thought he would. Appearing to be in his late fifties, early sixties, he was paunchy to the extent his buttoned gray pinstriped business suit coat tightly held in the noticeable bulge around his waist. He was bald except for the closely cropped ring of dark hair that circled the lower half of his scalp. A dark, pencil-thin moustache rested above his upper lip.
He seemed confused by Palmer’s outburst, nervously using the thumb and index finger of his right hand to rub a large diamond pinky ring he wore on his left hand. I glimpsed the watch he wore on his wrist, a Rolex Mariner. He was wearing a long-sleeve white dress shirt, the starched cuffs extended beyond the hem of the coat partially covering large ruby colored stone cufflinks. My first impression was that I would never buy a used car from him.  
I glanced over at Damian. He motioned his hand to signal me to proceed. I decided I wouldn’t pull any punches.
I pointed to Rich, who was sitting next to me.
“This is Major Prince from the Massachusetts State Police, Mr. Powell. Your militia friends you brought with you illegally interfered with a State Police investigation. All of them have been arrested by his Department.”
Powell started to say something. His lawyer quickly put his hand on his client’s arm, shaking his head, signaling him not to speak. Palmer opened a legal-size manila file folder on the table in front of him and pulled out a sheaf of papers. He brusquely slid them across the table at me.
“I’m aware of the State Police warrantless arrests. My firm also represents my client’s contracted employees. We’re filing this Motion to Dismiss at their arraignment in Springfield this afternoon.”
I ignored the document in front of me and slid it over to Damian, who was seated to my left. He glanced at it, leafed through the pages without reading, turned and tossed it into a wastebasket a few feet across the room.   
“What are you doing?” Palmer demanded in disbelief.
Damian opened his portfolio, pulled out some papers and dropped them onto the table in front of the lawyer.
“At the arraignment this afternoon, the Assistant US Attorney in Springfield will file this motion to transfer the Commonwealth cases to Federal Court. I’m bringing Federal charges against them.” 
Palmer stared at the document, then at Damian. I was surprised. Damian hadn’t told us of his decision to move the case. Sam Powell started to ask his lawyer a question, Palmer motioned him to wait as he   examined the document. Damian looked at me and motioned for me to start the interview. Sam Powell was staring at me.
“Where’s your daughter, Mr. Powell?” I bluntly asked.
“WHAT?” Powell and Palmer blurted out simultaneously.
“I asked, where’s your daughter?”
“What do you mean? She’s been kidnapped!” Powell snapped.  
 “What the hell kind of question is that? You should be out there looking for her instead of asking me a stupid question like that.”
Again. Emerson Palmer put his hand on his client’s arm to calm him. Powell roughly pulled his arm away.
I had baited the hook, now I could tug on the line.
“We have no evidence to believe your claim she’s been kidnapped other than your say so. What proof do you have?”
I noticed his face was becoming flushed. He didn’t answer.
“Well?” I asked.
Before he could respond, Attorney Palmer intervened. 
“My client received a text message from the kidnapper saying his daughter would be killed if he didn’t wire transfer one million dollars to an offshore bank account.”
“Produce the text,” I challenged him.
Palmer didn’t hesitate to answer. “In his shock, my client accidently deleted the text.”
“Very convenient. Have you had any additional contact from the person you claim sent you the kidnapping text?”
“No. Nothing,” Powell replied.
 “Why did you report the text to your buddy Senator Blass instead of the police or FBI?”
Powell stammered. “I was in a state of shock. Harrison Blass has been my friend for many years. I needed advice, and I trusted him to give it to me. He’s my friend, not a buddy.”
“Friend or business partner?”
“What? I told you, he’s been my friend for many years.”
“Doesn’t Senator Blass sit on the Armed Services and Intelligence committees in Washington?”
“I don’t know. He probably sits on many committees. That’s his business, not mine.”
“What is your business, Mr. Powell?”
“I own several car and truck sales dealerships in three states.”
“When your militia friends were taken into custody, some of them were in armored vehicles containing automatic weapons and ammunition. Those vehicles had license plates that are registered to your company. Are you an arms dealer, Mr. Powell?”
He didn’t answer.
“You say you sell cars and trucks. Is it true that you also own or have a financial interest in shops that build systems involving weapons?”
The question brought beads of perspiration to the man’s forehead. I noticed his breathing was becoming rapid. Again, he didn’t answer.
“Are you an arms dealer, Mr. Powell?”  
“Stop!” Emerson Palmer interjected as he raised his hand. “We agreed to this interview to discuss the kidnapping of my client’s daughter, not his business dealings.”
I needed to make my purpose clear. I deliberately paused before speaking. I was sending a subliminal message to Emerson Palmer the interview was now an interrogation. I wanted him to feel the pressure.
“I’m asking these questions because I’m trying to learn if her alleged kidnapping is related to your client’s vehicle sales, his supplying the Intelligence community and perhaps others with vehicles and weapons, or is there another motive?”
Palmer leaned over and whispered something in Powell’s ear; when he finished, Powell spoke.
“I have occasionally been awarded classified government contracts to provide specially outfitted vehicles for several government agencies.”
“And do those contracts specify that you also supply the weapons for those agencies?”
“The terms of those contracts state I can’t disclose information about my services in the interests of national security.”
“Your vehicles contained crates of automatic weapons. In my mind, that makes you an arms dealer.”
Powell didn’t answer, He sat there again nervously rubbing his pinky ring. I changed the direction of my questions.
“Mr. Powell, how would you describe your relationship with your daughter?”
“I’ve had a great relationship with her. Since her mother died from cancer when she was a child, I’ve been the one constant presence in her life.”
“Constant presence? Haven’t you brought other women into her life?”
Powell hesitated. “Yes, I’ve remarried.” 
“Is it true that there’s been more than one re-marriage, and that those two spouses died under questionable circumstances?”
“What are you trying to say? They died tragically. There was no question what happened.”
“I understand your second wife was killed while driving drunk and your third wife died by hanging? Isn’t that right?”  
Powell stared at me; I could see the anger boiling within him. His lawyer intervened.
“I object to this outrageous salacious, false innuendo. The tragedies in my client’s personal life have nothing to do with the kidnapping of his daughter.”
“Oh? Tragedies? Those women died violently. Kidnapping is a violent crime. Is that just a coincidence?”
I could see that Emerson Palmer was getting worked up. He was experienced and smart enough to know the violence in his client’s past might come up for scrutiny. He just didn’t like it.
“Your daughter is an adult. How does she make a living? Does she have a job?”
“I’ve supported her generously. She attended a community college,  I paid all her expenses and provided her with money to live on.”
“Oh? Do you know if she had any financial problems?”
“She had no problems. I gave her more than enough money to live very comfortably for the rest of her life.” Powell squirmed in his chair.
“Her boyfriend reported her kidnapping. His name escapes me,” I said.
“Jimmy. Jimmy Jenkins.”
“Did you approve of your daughter’s relationship with Mr. Jenkins?” 
Powell looked to his attorney for guidance. Emerson Palmer appeared to be contemplating what to say. I gave them some leeway.
“It’s only logical that I ask you about him. He was the last person she was with before she went missing.”
Powell took several deep breaths and leaned forward. “I admit I wasn’t happy when she got involved with him. I knew little about him other than he bragged he said he’d made a lot of money from an internet business he started. Just on appearances, I thought he didn’t look like someone who was successful and had a lot of money.”
“How did he get along with your daughter? Did she seem happy? Did you ever see them argue?”
He didn’t immediately answer. He leaned back into his chair, his fingers nervously tapping the table in front of him. I could see his face was getting red.
“Look. I didn’t like the kid. My daughter is a beautiful girl. He conned her by putting into her head his harebrained idea of going back to nature and hiking the Appalachian Trail. That wasn’t like her. She was a god-damned beauty pageant winner, not some sharecropper’s daughter. She could be a model. But no, she hooked-up with this con man, and look what it got her. You should be looking at him instead of treating me as if I had something to do with her being kidnapped.”
“Are you saying he has something to do with her being missing?”
“I’m not saying that. But that’s your job to find out, isn’t it?”
“Yes, that’s our job, and that’s why we’re here. Tell me about Adam Mullard.”
The color instantly vanished from Powell’s face.
“What do you mean?” he asked.
“Didn’t he recently sue you for a significant amount of money he said you owed him for commissions on some government contracts?”
“That case was thrown out of court! I don’t owe him a penny.”
“Are you aware he told the police that you had been paying bribes to ship your products out of the country?”
“He’s a god-damned liar. He made false allegations, and the judge threw the case out.”
“Did you friend Senator Bass have anything to do with the case being dismissed?”
“What? How dare you make that insinuation!”
“I’m just covering the bases, Mr. Powell. Don’t you agree Mr. Mullard would have a reason to get back at you?” 
“I don’t know. Why don’t you ask him?”
“I wish I could, but he’s a missing person. Are you aware of that?”
I saw that my question had touched a nerve. Again, his finger rubbing the diamond ring; faster now, perspiration breaking out on his brow; breathing more rapid. I knew I had to try the dagger in the heart question.
“Doesn’t it bear looking into the fact that two people with whom you’ve recently had serious disagreements, your daughter and Adam Mullard, have both gone missing?”
“I object!” Emerson Palmer shouted as he stood up. “I will not allow this browbeating and veiled accusations against my client. This is outrageous. We’re finished here.”
Palmer motioned for Powell to stand up.
 I’d made the point that we knew more about Sam Powell than he thought we did. I had it in my mind that his daughter’s ransom kidnapping could be a hoax. I had one more button to push.
“Mr. Powell, if you had anything to do with the disappearance of Adam Mullard or your daughter, you will go to prison.”
That statement caused Sam Powell’s knees to buckle. He stumbled back into his chair, his face white as chalk. Emerson Palmer looked stunned. He grabbed his client by the arm, helping him to rise, and briskly ushered him from the room.
Damian slowly got out of his chair and walked over to retrieve the legal document he had thrown in the trash can. He looked over at me.
“Have you lost your mind? Who in the name of God is Adam Mullard?” he asked in a sharp tone,
I motioned for him to sit down and highlighted the case key points.
I explained Adam Mullard had sued Sam Powell for owing wages related to Powell’s intelligence agencies’ weapons’ sales. Mullard was an insider; he knew all the secrets of the business. 
A few days after he files the suit, he’s reported missing by his wife. 
A few days after the police enter him missing in the national crime information database, the police are visited by men from the Federal government who order the police to drop the investigation in the interest of national security, and to this date there’s been no trace of Adam Mullard and the lawsuit case was dismissed by a Judge.
Concerning Sam Powell, I raised the point of questioning how he knew to deploy his security militia on the Appalachian Trail so quickly in the specific area where she was reportedly kidnapped. 
 I added we knew at least one of the militia members was a convicted felon and by law prohibited from contract security work. I wanted the name of the agency that hired him.
I asked Rich to work with the Georgia police investigator who had flown up with Sam Powell to follow up on how the security company screened potential employees. He said the investigator, Billy Sullivan, had booked himself a flight back to Atlanta and would be leaving tomorrow, but he would speak with him before he left. 
The claim the militia made that they all possessed Federal Firearms Licenses bothered me. I asked Rich when he returned to his office to examine the licenses that were seized as evidence to see to whom the license number was issued. My theory was that Sam Powell legitimately had a Federal firearms license and had issued duplicates to his militia on the pretext they were his employees. The militia had committed felonies. If Powell had done what I thought, we could charge him with abetting a felony. 
I additionally asked him to assign detectives to trace the serial numbers on the automatic weapons in the RVs to determine how Powell came into possession of them.
Damian said he was following what I was saying, but he was still concerned about where the investigation was going. If Courtney Powell had in fact been kidnapped, we had no leads on locating her, nor was there any further communication from the kidnapper. He gave me a look that made me realize I’d just taken a convoluted route to develop an investigation plan. He stood up and leaned over with his hands on the table.
“You said something about Powell having remarried after his first wife died and that both new wives died from other than natural causes. What’s that all about?” he asked.
I explained online research stated one was killed in an accident while driving drunk, the other suicide by hanging. I saw he was giving considerable thought to what I’d said.
“Am I missing something?”  I asked.
“See if you can get the police reports on those incidents. Three dead wives bears looking into. All right, that’s all I have; we’re done here.”
I took the hint, gathered my notes and stood up.
“By the way, remind me to show you the photo of Powell’s prospective wife number four that Mandy found online,” I said as we left the room.
 

 
































Chapter 9

The drive back from Boston was uneventful. As Rich pulled into the driveway at my house, concern raced into my mind. I recognized Freddy Morton’s Taurus, but there were two more cars and a van that I hadn’t seen before. Thankfully, they weren’t police cars and an ambulance.  
“Looks like you have company,” Rich remarked.
“Now what?” I said aloud under my breath as I stepped out of the car. I heard a strange, faint, barely audible whirring sound coming from the backyard.
Rich stepped out of the driver’s side, saw what I was doing, and tilted his head to the side upon hearing the same faint sound.
“What the hell is that?” he asked as he strained to hear the sound.
A moment later the answer appeared. Slowly rising above the roofline, we saw what I realized was the object of Mandy’s “I have something planned for tomorrow” comment that she made yesterday. 
Rich walked around the front of the car and stood next to me, shielding his eyes from the sun. With a grin and a pat on my back, he remarked, “Hey! Congratulations! Looks like you’re the proud parent of a new  surveillance drone!”
All I could do was slowly shake my head in acknowledgement. I should have known this was coming.
 We went into the house, out to the deck, and walked down the stairs to the backyard. 
Mandy was there, along with Freddy, our neighbors Erik and Bernie Nichols, Sergeant Will Collins from the National Guard, and three young men dressed in military fatigues. Mandy was holding the drone controller; Sgt. Collins appeared to be giving her flight control lessons. She turned and saw me and broke into a wide grin.
“Hold on a minute!” she shouted over her shoulder at me as she slowly brought the drone in for a relatively smooth landing a few feet in front of where the group was standing. Upon touchdown, they all gave her a rousing round of applause.
She ran over to me and gave me a big hug. She was beaming.
“Is this cool or what?” she excitedly asked.
“Yeah,” I responded as I patted her on her backside. “Are you happy now?”
“Yeah! I love it! This is going to be so cool, and everybody here helped me get it set up!” She looked past me toward the side of the house. “Did you see a food truck out front when you pulled in?” 
“What?” 
“I heard about a new mobile food catering service in town and arranged for a thank you picnic for everybody that helped me with the drone. They should be here any minute. Erik said they can drive on the lawn by the garage and park out back here.”
Before I could say anything, Sgt Collins walked over to Rich and me and gave us a mock salute. “I’m glad you got back while we were still here. Got a minute for us to talk?” he asked.
I said sure and suggested we go up onto the deck. We settled in around the table.
 I thanked the Sergeant for the help his Unit had given us at the search site. He said it was a win/win opportunity, explaining that coincidentally the activity corresponded with the start of their scheduled two-week summer readiness exercise. Rather than flying up to Camp Drum in upstate New York as they did every year, The Byronham operation was more in line with their Civil Affairs duties.
He said his Unit would remain at the Byronham search site for the next two weeks, and that the dozen hikers they had evacuated from the Trail agreed they’d remain in the makeshift camp site for at least a week before continuing their hikes.  
“By the way, I was contacted by the Guard Commander over in Lennox and he mentioned his unit has a team of cadaver detection canines. Would you be interested in using them in a search?” he asked. 
The word ‘cadaver’ snapped my mind away from thoughts of drones and picnics, back to the reality of the situation we were in. For the first time in my career, I was investigating a kidnapping. 
My mind flashed back to something Mandy had said at dinner the night we first heard Courtney Powell was missing.
“I hate to say it, but my guess is she’s dead. The guy probably kidnapped and raped her and then killed her. He could have dumped her in the woods where no one will ever find her.”
What if Mandy’s intuition was right? It was a stark possibility I had to consider. I looked over at Sgt. Collins.
“Yeah, I think bringing in the dogs for a search is something we have to do. We’ll all sleep better at night if they don’t find her body.”
The others at the table agreed. Sgt. Collins said he would make the arrangements, adding he thought the search could start early tomorrow afternoon.
“Hello! Hello?” came a voice from the kitchen. I got up and saw it was Matt Holcomb, his wife Kristen, and Freddy’s girlfriend Heather. I met them as they entered the family room.
“Hey!” Matt said. “I picked the girls up at the hospital when they got off work and a big food truck followed us into your driveway. He asked where he should park, I told him to hold on a minute.”
The women and I went out to the deck railing and alerted Mandy, who was now tossing a football around with the three guardsmen who had accompanied Sgt. Collins. Matt grabbed a chair and quickly sat down at the deck table. He motioned for me to join him, waving his hand as if there was some urgency. Something was up. Sgt, Collins excused himself and went out to see if he could help with setting up the food truck.
I sat down at the table and brought Matt up to speed on the decision to bring in cadaver dogs for a search. He asked how the interview with Sam Powell went in Boston. My answer was brief and to the point. The bottom line was Courtney Powell was missing, and we had no physical evidence to verify she had been kidnapped for ransom. He raised his hands for me to stop.
“Really? Then let me run something by you,” he quickly said.
 “This afternoon I stopped by the hardware store in Byronham to thank the Selectman for his and the residents’ understanding and cooperation the past two days.”
“Oh? I didn’t realize they had a Selectman.” 
“Well, he’s the Selectman, Building Inspector, Zoning Officer, and hardware store owner all rolled into one!” he said with a laugh.
“Out of the blue, he told me something that took me by surprise. He said a young guy stopped by his store earlier and was asking about a piece of property next to where we set up our command post.” 
In my mind, I tried to picture where he was talking about. I guessed it was next to the gravel lot where I had parked my car two days ago.
“Anyway, the guy said he’s in the outdoor recreational accessories business and he was talking to some people around town and heard the property might be for sale. He said he’s been looking for a spot in the Berkshires where he could open up a shop that catered to the hikers that pass through along the Appalachian Trail. He described his idea as a rest area/way-station supply point type of business.”
Matt now had my full attention. “Did he say what the guy looked like?” I asked.
“Yeah, he said he was in his late twenties or early thirties, long hair, a hippie-like character! I haven’t heard that term in years!”
“Yeah, me too,” I responded. “Did he give you any other physical description, maybe a first name; anything?”
“No. But he said they talked about the price of land being very expensive in the area. But get this; the guy said something to the effect it was his experience that a full price all-cash offer would be hard to turn down.”
I looked over at Rich. I could sense we were thinking the same thing.
“Did the Selectman give you anything that might identify this guy? Does the store have a video system?”  
“No, just an intrusion alarm system.” 
“Why did the guy come into the store? Did he buy anything?”
“Yeah, ready for this? He bought a plastic tarp and duct tape, and he paid cash. When I heard the guys’ description and what he bought, I thought what you’re probably thinking now. A tarp? Duct tape? The description of the guy? Was this the boyfriend? I couldn’t believe we could be that lucky, so I took a page out of your playbook.”
“What do you mean?”  
“I remembered when we first met you told me about a case you had in Vermont where you used video from a gas station that was across the street from a crime scene. Well, believe it or not, there’s a gas station across the street from this hardware store. And sure enough, it has cameras that view outward toward the street. I went over there; the owner was very cooperative and let me look at his system. I saw video of a car leaving the hardware store lot. I’m pretty sure it was the guy leaving.”
 I could feel my heartbeat rapidly increasing.
“We need that video. “ 
“I agree. The station owner said he wouldn’t touch the system. I told him I’d get back to him tomorrow morning. I played with it a bit, but I’m not sure I can figure out how to copy the video.”
I leaned back in my chair. I wanted that video.
 “We need a search warrant ASAP, and I have just the man for the video recovery job.” I said as I got up and went over to the deck railing.
I saw Mandy’s friends were gathering around the food truck. From the deck, I could smell the propane from the gas grill and a distinctive barbecue aroma. The subject of my immediate interest wasn’t fried chicken and baked beans, it was Freddy. He was standing second in line at the truck’s counter. I knew better to interrupt him at feeding time and suggested to the others on the deck we grab something to eat.
Erik Nichols had brought a folding table and chairs from our storage shed and with the help of the guardsmen quickly created an eating area.
It took the young couple who operated the food truck only a few minutes to dish out a first-class assortment of the food they had prepared. I was impressed. If this was a new venture for them, they quickly earned a four-star endorsement from us. After twenty minutes, I saw Freddy had cleaned his plate after the second trip he’d made to the serving counter. As he leaned back in his chair and rubbed his belly, it was obvious he had satisfied his appetite. I picked up my chair and moved to sit next to him.
“I have a job for you.”
He turned to me with a look I expected to be followed by a belch. Thankfully, he suppressed the urge.
“Honest Boss, I need a nap first. I’m stuffed.”
“Sorry, you’ll have to wait to recharge your batteries. I need your help with a search warrant to seize some video.”
“Search warrant? For where?”
I looked around us and realized there were too many ears for me to confidentially discuss the case. I suggested we go up on the deck and I’d fill him in. Mandy saw us get up and came over to me as she licked barbeque sauce from her fingers and wiped her mouth with a napkin. The not a care in the world look she had worn all afternoon was now replaced with one of concern.
“Is everything all right?” she asked.
I told her things were fine as I used my fingertip to clean up a spot of sauce she had missed on the side of her mouth. 
“We may have a lead on the case, and I need Freddy’s help.” 
I called Rich and Matt over and asked them to join us on the deck. I thanked Sgt. Collins for helping Mandy with her drone and said I’d contact him tomorrow for an update of the cadaver dog search. As I climbed the deck stairs, it again hit me; Courtney Powell might be dead.
I explained Matt Holcomb’s encounter with the Selectman in Byronham to Freddy and described the conversation he had with the young customer at his hardware store. Despite having gorged himself at the food truck and probably being ready for a nap, he surprised me by quickly associating the young guy buying a tarp and duct tape to the Powell girl’s abduction. When I mentioned the customer’s car may have been captured on video from across the street, he kicked himself into high gear.
“Okay, we need a search warrant for the video, and you need the warrant application template that I use, am I right?”
“Exactly!”
“Okay. I can remotely access my computer in Boston and email you the template. All you have to do is insert a case overview and description of the place to be searched.”
“You can use my computer in Mandy’s office,” I offered.
He stood up and headed for the office. Suddenly he stopped.
“By the way, this morning I checked the transponder signals from the GPS tracking units I installed in those RVs. It’s displaying a location that confirms they arrived in Maine as we thought they would.” 
 His comment caught me off guard. I’d become so involved with the interview of Sam Powell that I’d put the ship in the ship into the back of my mind. I asked him if he remembered when the shipping manifest indicated the ship would leave port.
“Yeah! Today! that’s why I’m checking it. I’ll look at it again in an hour.
I spoke briefly with Rich, who said he was going to head back to his office and start work on researching the guard service the militia claimed they worked for.
 He added he would text me and let me know what happened at their arraignment and also contact Georgia Investigator Billy Sullivan about sending us the police reports on Sam Powell’s two wives’ untimely deaths. He reminded me that Sullivan would be flying home tomorrow morning.  Matt had a confused look on his face as Rich headed out.
“Powell’s wives’ untimely deaths? What’s that all about?”
 I realized I hadn’t shared with him the information Mandy had come up with on her initial case background research. I explained what she had found. He seemed to hang on every word with amazement.
He stared at me for a few moments without speaking, then leaned back into his chair and ran his hands through his hair.
“What?” I asked.
“After my deputies found those RVs and discovered the weapons and ammo, I sensed you were focusing on the kidnapper having a connection to Powell’s dealings with intelligence agencies. Maybe it was a deal gone wrong or something. I have to be honest with you. I thought that was far-fetched to consider and couldn’t buy into what you were saying. Now that you’ve told me about Powell’s two wives dying the way they did, I have to ask. Do you think Sam Powell arranged to have his daughter kidnapped, and this is some kind of ruse?”
His question put me on the spot. I felt in my gut Powell had some connection to all this, but my mind was telling me somewhere along the line he had crossed someone, and this was their way of getting even. 
I thought to myself the logical suspect would be Adam Mullard, the ex-employee who sued him. Mullard claimed Powell owed him money. The ransom demand would fit as a motive. But Mullard was now a missing person. That wasn’t my case, that was Billy Sullivan’s, and I knew nothing about Mullard. Was he capable of kidnapping? And if he was, how could he have tracked down Courtney and her boyfriend on the Appalachian Trail? That didn’t seem possible. In my mind he couldn’t be the kidnapper.
 I had ruled out that Courtney’s kidnapping was a random crime of opportunity by a rapist, as Mandy had first suggested. I couldn’t accept the notion a rapist would have knowledge of her background and wealth to have planned a ransom demand. Suddenly something dawned on me. I looked over at Matt, my face must have shown I had something on my mind.  
 “What?” he asked as he leaned over and gave me a questioning look. 
“Your question makes me realize I missed a motive. I don’t know how I missed it,” I answered, unconsciously shaking my head in self-disappointment.
I was mad at myself. I’m the one who’s supposed to have the answers others don’t have. I knew from the start what was behind this case: money. 
Follow the money, I thought to myself. That was my mistake. I wasn’t following the money.
My silence was testing Matt’s patience. He asked again; “What?”
“Hear me out. This is just a theory. Keep that in mind”.
Matt leaned back in is chair and crossed his arms across his chest, his eyes fixed on mine.
Hesitating for a moment, I gathered my thoughts.
I explained that when I interviewed Sam Powell, he made it a point to tell me how financially generous he had been to his daughter. In thinking it through now, that didn’t surprise me since she’s an only child.
“And how does that have a bearing on her kidnapping?“ Matt asked with a puzzled look on his face.
“Powell is a multi-millionaire, and logically, his daughter would be his sole heir when he died. What I’m now wondering is how did she feel about these other women her father brought into her life and married? Did he have pre-nuptial agreements protecting his daughter’s interests in his estate? Does he have a will that provides an inheritance for a wife? If he does, that could dilute what his daughter would inherit.”
Matt interrupted by raising his hand. “But you just told me that his second and third wives had untimely deaths. Wouldn’t that make his daughter his sole beneficiary now?”
“Yeah, I imagine it would. But what I haven’t told you is that there’s a new woman in his life. And from a picture Mandy found online, she’s young and beautiful, although Mandy tagged her as looking trashy.”
“So, what you’re saying is Sam Powell has a habit of adding wives
to his scorecard and you’re thinking that he’ll marry this new woman?
“Think about it. That seems to be his habit.”
Matt leaned forward in his chair.
“Okay, if I follow what you’re saying, the girl and her boyfriend are worried she’ll lose out on her inheritance if he marries this new woman, so they concocted this kidnapping story to extort money from him. Does that make sense?”
“In theory, yeah. That makes more sense than some random stranger kidnapping her.”
“But how do you explain the FBI not stepping up and taking over the investigation, and Powell bringing in a private militia to find his daughter? And what about the boyfriend getting hit in the head with a rock?”
His questions caught me off guard. I didn’t have an explanation, but there had to be one. Thankfully, for the moment an answer would have to wait. Freddy came out to the deck and told me he had sent the warrant application template to my email. 
“By the way, I just checked the status of the ship carrying the two SUVs. It’s moving out of port in Maine,” he added.
“Good! Maybe now we’ll find out what Sam Powell’s business dealings are all about. Keep me posted on where the ship goes.”
I explained to Matt I’d use him as a co-affiant on the search warrant application, since he had a direct conversation with the hardware store owner describing the young man that came into his store.
 I would need a Federal Judge to review the warrant application but didn’t want to spend a full day travelling to Boston and back. I decided I’d call Damian and have him arrange an appointment for me at the District Court in Springfield, a one-hour drive from Stockbridge. I asked Matt to meet me at my house tomorrow morning at nine-thirty.  
Putting together the warrant application would probably take me an hour or two. I decided I’d wait until Mandy’s company left so I could better concentrate. In the interim, I called Damian. He was surprised with the new development in the case, but readily agreed to get me an appointment with a Judge in Springfield. When I finished the call, I went outside and saw the group was cleaning up the picnic area. Twenty minutes later everyone left, and I went back into the house.
“What were you and the guys talking about on the deck for so long?” Mandy asked as she brought her new drone into the house and set in down on the bar in the family room.
As I watched her pull the battery pack out of the device and set up a charging device, I explained Sgt. Collins’ suggestion to bring cadaver dogs up onto the trail. She stopped what she was doing and turned toward me. The look on her face was serious.
“So now you think she’s dead?”
“No. I don’t think she’s dead. In fact, I’m hoping she’s very much alive.” 
I thought sure she’d have an opinion on my thinking, but she didn’t offer one. She turned and continued setting up the battery charger.
 I told her about Matt Holcomb’s encounter at the Selectman’s store and the description of the young guy who had been a customer. When I told her what he purchased, she stopped what she was doing, walked over and sat down across from me.
“He bought a tarp and duct tape? That had to be Courtney’s boyfriend. I didn’t even know he was still around here. Where is he?”
I told her I didn’t know, but he was keeping in contact with Rich Prince. I assumed he was staying at a motel somewhere. I added we weren’t positive it was Jimmy Jenkins who was in the store.
 I explained I was applying for a search warrant for some video that might identify who the guy was.
“Do you think he killed her?” she asked.
 “I don’t know.”  
“Well, at least he didn’t buy a shovel. Maybe she’s alive; for now,” she said as she stood up and headed for the kitchen.
 Her sobering observation remained with me.




















































Chapter 10

Yesterday afternoon, my one-or-two-hour project to prepare a search warrant application turned out to be more of a challenge than I had anticipated. First, I needed a description of the place to be searched; the gas station across the street from the Byronham hardware store.
I called Matt Holcomb for help. I quickly learned that his brain apparently was so overloaded from the intensive search of the trail, he was drawing a complete blank. He couldn’t recall   the business name of the station or even the brand of gas it sold. He was embarrassed by his sudden onset of selective amnesia, but made up for it. After apologizing profusely, he drove over to Byronham. 
From the parking lot of the hardware store, he provided me with the description I needed. Taking it a step further, he walked over to the gas station and gave me the description of the building and the make and model number of the computer that contained the video file. 
A positive and unexpected outcome was that he explained to the station owner what we were doing, learning the manager had shut down the video program to ensure that the file we needed wasn’t overwritten with new data. Matt’s actions were  a good move but came at a cost. Two hours of my time that I could have spent writing up the warrant application.
Freddy had provided me with the template he used for his warrants. With Matt’s information, filling in the description of what we were searching for was a snap. A simple copy and paste. My next hurdle came unexpectedly. 
As I typed up an overview of the kidnapping case, I found my brain was suffering from the opposite of Matt’s temporary affliction. I had too much information. I needed the narrative to be brief and concise. I found that to be easier said than done. 
 Now, sitting at the breakfast bar a few minutes after nine in the morning, I was drinking my second cup of coffee as I proofread the warrant application that I’d spent almost four hours writing. 
Seeing the facts of the case on paper reinforced in my mind that we had hardly any evidence to know where Courtney Powell was, or whether she was dead or alive. 
I knew I had to go back to the very beginning of the investigation; Jimmy Jenkins, the last person to see her alive. 
First, I had to find him, then I had to put pressure on him to see if he had lied about what happened to Courtney. I needed to confront him about why he bought the tarp and duct tape. I was thinking he would deny it was him at the hardware store. The gas station video showing him in the car leaving the store was the weapon I’d use to break him down. That is, if it showed us enough detail that we could positively identify him as the driver. 
I was rolling the dice, I knew, but it was the only play that I had.
I got up from the breakfast bar and walked over to the sink to rinse out my coffee mug. Mandy had gone out to tend to her garden, I looked out the window to see how she was doing.
There she was, the love of my life, my future wife, appearing to be talking to her fledgling crops.
 This morning she had on jeans with the cuffs rolled up, a red and white checked long sleeve shirt, and a straw hat perched on her head.  Sitting on the lawn just outside the garden gate was her new drone. At least she hadn’t brought it to bed with her last night.
 I had to laugh. I’d seen many TV movies of farmers tending their crops, usually accompanied by their faithful companion, a dog. Not my girl! She had her own idea of companionship.
I saw her look up and watch two crows that were circling her garden. Now, she appeared to be talking at them! Maybe she was telling them the new drone was part of her crop defense system. “That’s my girl!” I said aloud.
I saw a reflection of the sun in the window; it was coming from behind me. I turned and saw that Matt Holcomb had just pulled up in the driveway. I had named him as a co-affiant in the warrant application. He was here to drive us down to the Federal Courthouse in Springfield. Damian had arranged an appointment for us with Judge Miriam O’Connell at eleven AM. 
I had never met her, but Damian had told me she was well versed in Federal law. He didn’t expect we’d have any issues with her approving our warrant.
I met Matt at the kitchen door. He came in and sat down at the breakfast bar.
“Where the Boss?” he asked. I motioned him over to the kitchen window. He looked out at her.
“She loves her garden. Wait. What? Is that her drone?”
“Yup!”
He turned and put his hand on my shoulder. With an exaggerated sigh he said, “Bless you Brother.”
He went back over to the breakfast bar. I gave him the warrant application to review. He spent a few minutes reading; he had no questions.
We went outside through the family room deck to let Mandy know I was leaving. She briefly chatted with Matt, explaining the assortment of plants she’d planted and their progress. After a few minutes, I looked at my watch. She took the hint, gave me a kiss, and wished us luck.
We arrived at the Courthouse on State Street in Springfield after a drive of a little over an hour. Having never been there before, I was struck by the imposing modern architecture design. Despite its futuristic appearance, finding a parking space took us another fifteen minutes of circling the block. 
We processed through the lobby security point, seeing that we were law enforcement, we were quickly ushered through. Directed to the third floor, we arrived at the Judge’s Chambers’ reception desk ten minutes before our appointment. The young woman phoned the Judge, after a brief conversation she buzzed us through a door to our left. Halfway down the hall we saw her name on a wall plaque. I knocked; a voice told us to enter. Judge O’Connell looked nothing like I thought she would.
Expecting an older, grey-haired woman with glasses, the Honorable Miriam O’Connell was a tall, thin, attractive woman in her late forties or early fifties. I introduced myself and Matt, explaining his rank and Department. She didn’t offer her hand. She motioned us to sit in the two brown leather chairs in front of her desk.
“I had a pleasant conversation with Damian Costigan,” she said, opening the conversation. “He speaks very highly of you, Mr. Richardson.”
I don’t like flattery but managed a weak smile.
“He told me your warrant application pertains to the girl missing on the Appalachian Trail. I’ve been following the story on the news. Do you honestly think she’s still alive?”
Her pointed question surprised me.
“That’s our hope, Your Honor,”  
“Let’s see your warrant affidavit,” she said, reaching out her hand.
 I removed it from the folder I had brought and handed it to her.
She put on a pair of reading glasses and spent a few minutes reading through the three-page document. I watched the movement of her eyes. She was taking in every word, slowly. When she finished, she looked up at me and held her gaze for a moment.
“This is very good, Counsellor. It’s a shame you’re not practicing before the bench anymore.”
“I think I’ve found my niche as a consulting attorney, Your Honor.”
“Tell me, why isn’t the FBI taking the lead on the case?” she asked.
I had to choose my words carefully. Truth be told, I didn’t know why.
“Damian Costigan was alerted to the kidnapping by the Attorney General’s office in Washington. I honestly don’t know why the direct referral. It’s highly unusual.”
“Yes, it is. Damian told me on the phone Senator Blass has his hands in this.”
“That’s my understanding. The Powell girl’s father contacted him before law enforcement.”
“Ah! Senator Blass.” She paused for a moment, took off her glasses, and set them on her desk. She leaned toward Matt and me.
 “Harrison Blass is a son-of-a-bitch.”
I saw Matt’s eyes widen. He quickly glanced down at the floor. I looked her in the eye.
“Ma’am?”
“At my confirmation hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee four years ago, he was an absolute, chauvinistic, lout. I find it inconceivable anyone in their right mind would vote for him.”
She didn’t take her eyes off of me. Wisely, I didn’t respond.
She sat back in her chair and put her glasses on.
“All right, gentlemen. Stand up and raise your right hands.” We did as we were instructed.
“Do you swear that the information you’ve presented before me in this application for a search warrant is the truth, so help you God?”
Matt and I simultaneously said, “I do.
“Have a seat, gentlemen.” She took a pen out of her desk drawer. 
“I’m granting your application. I see you’ve attached a motion to seal the affidavit and all related reports and physical evidence from disclosure. I grant your motion and order the aforementioned be sealed.”
She signed the documents and handed them back to me. We stood and thanked her for her time. 
She came around from behind her desk and walked us to the office door. As we exited, she placed her hand on my arm. I stopped, turned, and looked at her.
“My money is on her being found dead. I hope you prove me wrong. Good luck.”
I didn’t respond. Matt and I went out to the main reception desk, thanked the secretary for her assistance, and walked over to the elevator.
Matt, who had been quiet, looked at me.
“The judge looks like she’s all no nonsense, huh?”
“Yeah. She was not as I expected her to be.”
“Me too. She sure doesn’t have a high opinion of Senator Blass, that’s for sure.”
“Yeah. He’d better say his prayers every night that he never appears before her as a defendant.”
“Amen Brother.”
The arrival of the elevator cut our conversation short.
As Matt drove and worked his way through the heavy downtown city traffic, I called Damian. 
“Did you see Judge O’Connell yet?” he asked.
I told him we had and that she’d signed the warrant and the motion to seal.
“Good. What did you think of her?”
“Not what I expected, I have to admit.”
“Ha! She’s something else, isn’t she? Her father was on the Commonwealth Supreme Court. I clerked for him for two years after I graduated from law school. She’s a mirror of her old man, from what I’ve heard. Okay. You have your warrant. What are you going to do after you get the video?”
I explained my plan to bring Jimmie Jenkins in for an interview and confront him with the purchase of the tarp and duct tape. Hopefully, I could poke holes in his story about how the kidnapping occurred.
Damian was quiet for a few moments.
“I hate to say this, but if you can’t get the kid to break down and change his story, I don’t know where else you can go with the case. I’m thinking she may very well be dead and buried somewhere up on that trail.”
“No disrespect, but I have to disagree. If the boyfriend doesn’t offer up anything new, then I’ll have to take a crack at her father again. In that room with him yesterday, I could sense he knows what happened.”
“Well, I‘m sure his attorney Emerson Palmer isn’t about to let that happen. You know what he thinks of you.”
“Okay then; the State Police have the militia guys in custody. I myself haven’t interviewed any of them. You said you’re going to prosecute them on Federal weapons charges. That should give us some leverage to get them to talk, don’t you think?”
“Yeah, possibly. But let’s face it. You’re reaching now, and that’s a long stretch,” he countered “What if they don’t know what happened to her? Maybe they were just in it for the money her father was throwing at them.”
I didn’t immediately respond. I was getting the feeling Damian thought the case was fast becoming an exercise in futility. That wasn’t like him at all.
 I had made up my mind I was going to find Courtney Powell. Whether alive or dead, I didn’t know, but I wasn’t going to stop until she was found. I cut the conversation with Damian short, telling him I’d let him know what was on the gas station video.
I sat quietly while Matt drove. I felt as if I was licking my wounds from Damian’s devil’s advocate stance. I didn’t like the feeling.
“You okay?” Matt asked after a few minutes. “I gather things didn’t go well with Damian.”
I didn’t want to vent in front of Matt. Instead, I told him Damian had a concern the lack of evidence in the case was proving to be difficult to overcome. He didn’t respond; we rode along, not talking for the next ten minutes. I used the time to think about what I’d missed.
My mind drifted off as we travelled. I spent more time looking at the people in the cars we were passing than about the case. I lost track of time. I snapped back to the present moment as I realized Matt was exiting the turnpike in West Stockbridge. Had I fallen asleep? Fifteen minutes later we were pulling into my driveway.
I saw Freddy Morton’s parked car. I’d spoken with him last night about going with us to retrieve the gas station video. Matt and I went into the house, I didn’t see him or Mandy. We walked out to the dec and saw. they were sitting around the table having lunch with our neighbor Erik.
Freddy asked how we made out, I confirmed we had the warrant and were ready to head out. Mandy offered us something to eat before we left. Both Matt and I declined. We drove over to Byronham. 
Executing this search warrant was a radical departure from how such events usually unfold. Today there was no tactical back-up team, no battering ram for a locked door, no guns drawn, no rush of adrenalin unleashed by the uncertainty of what was behind the door we were going through. This was a search warrant execution by appointment.
Upon entering the garage, I was struck by how clean everything was. The service bay had one lift, there wasn’t a spot of oil or speck of speedy dry on the gloss paint dark grey floor underneath it. A workbench spanned the back wall. There was no clutter. Mechanic’s tools were precisely mounted on a tan colored pegboard that spanned the length of the wall. This was one warrant execution I wouldn’t forget.
The business owner, Angelo Ferrar, greeted us. He was wearing    an obviously recently washed and ironed grey technician’s coat over his jeans and flannel shirt. Even his steel toe work boots had a dull shine.
I had to smile as the thought ran through my mind that the only thing missing from this scenario was the photographer from the village newsletter who would capture the moment for posterity to be framed and posted on the station wall above the cash register.
Angelo led us to a small office off the left corner of the bay. I was surprised to see his video system appeared to be state-of-the art in contrast to the 1950s look of the service bay.
I introduced Freddy as being with the FBI and gave Angelo a copy of the warrant. Freddy set about doing what he does. He explained to Angelo that we weren’t removing his computer, rather, he would copy the operating system and image storage files. He set up his laptop. In a few minutes, the file transfer was underway.
As we waited, Angelo offered us coffee, soda, and stools to sit on. We politely declined each. I attributed his nervous efforts to make us comfortable to the fact this was probably the first time in his life he had an encounter with the FBI. Oddly, he never asked about the missing girl.
As Freddy worked, Matt and I went across the street and met with the hardware store proprietor multi-titled Village official, Selectman Tom Higgins. Matt introduced me and explained he needed a written statement detailing the encounter with the young man who had purchased the tarp and duct tape.
As Matt interviewed Higgins and was writing the statement, in contrast to Angelo across the street, Higgins had a keen interest in the case. 
He asked me several questions about the status of the investigation.  I made an effort to be forthcoming but was careful not to discuss anything about potential suspects.
One comment he made stuck with me. He said it wasn’t unusual for hikers to come off the trail and visit his store for supplies.
After fifteen minutes, Matt had obtained the information he needed. Higgins read the statement and signed it. We thanked him for his cooperation and started to leave. As I got to the door, I had a thought and stopped.
“Hey Tom. You said you get hikers as customers. Are there many?”
“Oh yeah! Especially this time of the year, I get quite a bit of business from them. I carry some camping supplies, survival canned goods, field first aid kits, lanterns, camp stoves, sterno, propane cannisters, things like that.” He pointed toward a section of the store in the rear. “Everything I carry like that is over there.”
“What about tourists?”
“What do you mean, tourists?”
“You know, people passing through, maybe stopping for directions.”
‘No, not much of that traffic. People passing through might stop at Angelo’s for directions, or gas, or to use the restrooms. He’s got a nice assortment of snacks inside. I carry nothing like that.”
“Any customers last week or so that seemed out of place here in town?”
“Well, since you people have been searching the Trail, I’ve seen a lot more cars and trucks from the TV and news people stopping by. Mostly at Angelo’s or the café down the street. We haven’t seen that kind of activity in a lot of years. There’s only about four hundred of us that live here, and about a dozen shops like mine. We carry the bare necessities.”
“Anybody in particular coming through stick out in your mind?”
Higgins thought for a few moments before he responded.
“No, not off-hand.  As I said, I’ve been busier than normal with all this commotion, but off-hand I can’t think of anyone.”
I reached into my jacket pocket, took out a business card and handed it to him.
“This has my cellphone number on it. If you think of anyone, or if you noticed anyone who seems out of place in town, I’d appreciate a call.” 
He stared at the card for a moment and looked up at me.
“US Attorney’s Office? I didn’t connect your name. I read the stories about that FBI guy who tried to kill you last year. Your pretty famous around these parts.”
“Well, Mr. Higgins, fame is something I’d like to avoid. Here in the Berkshires, I like to think I’m just a neighbor. Again, thanks for your cooperation, and call me if you remember anything you haven’t told us.”
Matt and I walked across the street back to Angelo’s garage office. Freddy was siting on a stool, munching on a large bag of Fritos, sipping a can of soda. From all appearances, he and Angelo had bonded.
“Just finished a few minutes ago. I brought up the video file, it looks good.” he said. “What do you want to do? Take it back to your house to review it?”
I told him yes and thanked Angelo for his cooperation. He in turn thanked Freddy profusely for fixing his laptop. Freddy packed up his equipment, and we walked out to our cars.”
“What was all that about fixing his laptop?” I asked. “He seemed to be very pleased about it.”
“Oh, that was nothing. We were talking, and he mentioned his laptop had locked up on him. I was just killing time waiting for the download to finish, so I looked at it and fixed it for him. No big deal. It had a virus, so I cleaned it out and installed an anti-virus program I had on a flash drive.”
 We drove back to my house where Freddy set up his laptop in the family room. We reviewed the video. He remarked he had downloaded three weeks of storage and had located the segment we wanted to look at. He pressed the play icon.
We watched as a male subject exited the hardware store and walked over to a light -colored SUV parked in the lot. As the subject approached the rear of the vehicle, Freddy pressed the pause icon. He manipulated the image to enlarge the frozen frame. As good fortune would have it, we could read the Massachusetts’s license plate on the SUV.
“It doesn’t get any better than that!” Freddy announced in a tone of self-admiration for his work.
Matt pulled out his notebook and a pen and jotted down the plate number. He called the Sheriff’s Department and asked the dispatcher to run it through DMV. The response was quick.
“It’s a rental. Rapid Rental in Pittsfield,” he announced. “I can have one of my detectives go up there and see who rented it.”
I told him to go ahead, that was one more time-consuming detour I could avoid. He called his office and made the arrangements.
“He’s going right up,” he reported after he ended the call. “Should have the info in about thirty minutes.”
I told Freddy we needed a close up of the subject’s face. He advanced the video slowly, going back and forth from when the subject exited the store. All we were seeing was a profile.
“Right there!” he exclaimed as he pointed to the screen. Just at the moment the subject slid behind the wheel, he looked over at the garage.
Freddy enlarged the image just to the point it showed signs of becoming grainy. He backed it out a bit.
“Is that our man?” he asked as he looked over Matt and me.
“I think it is,” Matt replied with hesitation in his voice. “I haven’t met him in person, but I saw some pictures the State Police took of Jenkins at the hospital. The long hair and scruffy beard looks like him, but I can’t be positive.”
I asked Freddy if he could copy the image and text it to my cell phone. He gave me a look that sent the message, “Really? Can I? You can’t be serious.”
“Of course!” he answered. Two minutes later the image was on my phone.
I called Major Rich Prince. He answered and told me he was at the National Guard encampment with the hikers in Byronham. Matt and I had driven past it on our way to execute the search warrant. He had slowed down so we could better see the activity, but we hadn’t stopped.
I told him Matt and I had obtained the search warrant and Freddy had copied the video files from the gas station.
“We have a still frame photo of the guy who was in the hardware store. Matt says it looks like Jimmy Jenkins, but he can’t be sure. You said you saw him at the hospital. I’m texting you the image. Call me back when you get it and let me know what you think.”
I ended the call and sent the text. In hindsight, Freddy could have done that while we were on the phone. We didn’t have long to wait for Rich’s response. My cellphone beeped.
“That’s our Boy!”  
“That’s him.” I said to Matt and Freddy as I put my phone on speaker.
“Rich, I have Matt and Freddy here with me on speaker.”
“Hey guys! How do you want to play this, Daryl?”
“Do you know where Jenkins is?”
“Yeah. He’s staying at the Holiday Inn in Pittsfield.”
Rich’s answer surprised me.
“How’s he managing that? I thought he was robbed when the girl was snatched.”
“No, he had money on him. I thought I told you that.”
“If you did, I missed it. How do you know that?”
“When they brought him to the hospital, they ended up admitting him. They inventoried his personal property for safekeeping. He had his wallet;. a little over seven hundred in cash and a few credit cards.”
For a moment I was stunned.
“Rich, are you absolutely sure?”
“Yeah. I was there when the nurse who did the inventory told my detectives about the money. She remarked it was a thick wad of cash, almost all twenties.”
Something wasn’t right, I thought to myself. 
“He said he was beaten, the campsite ransacked, his girlfriend kidnapped. Why didn’t they steal his wallet?” I posed to him.
“I don’t know. You said they. Are you thinking there was more than one kidnapper?”  
I hadn’t realized I’d said that. Subconsciously, was I thinking more than one person was involved?
“I don’t know. Do you know how to get ahold of him?”
“Yeah. He’s got a new cell phone. He’s been calling us about the search for his girlfriend and retrieving his camping gear. My detectives have been telling him we’re holding it for forensics examination, but that we’d see what we could do to help him.”
“Okay. Once we hear from Matt’s detective at the rental place and he confirms Jenkins rented the car, I’ll call you. I want him picked up so I can question him.”
Rich paused and didn’t respond for a few moments.
“You said pick him up. Are you saying he’s a suspect and we’re bringing him in for questioning? Do we have enough on him to justify that?”
“No, we don’t have enough, but I need to talk to him. Maybe make up a story you need him to come in to go over the inventory of his gear  you’re holding. That way he’s there voluntarily. If he agrees, set it up as an appointment. I can be there when he arrives, and I can talk with him. The sooner the better.”
“Okay, I’ll give him a call when I  hear back from you on the car rental.”
“Thanks, one more thing. You mentioned forensics. Have you heard anything back from the lab?”
“Actually, I  haven’t. I’ll have one of the detectives call them and get a status report. To be honest, I’ll be surprised if they can raise any prints or DNA.”
“Yeah, I agree, but it’s an exercise we have to play out. I’ll give you a call in a little bit.”
I ended the call. I felt as if I was stuck in neutral on this case. I needed to get it in gear. I looked over and realized both Matt and Freddy were looking at me.
“Something on your minds?”
Rich looked over at Freddy.
“Yeah, I was just thinking, did you or Mandy do an in-depth background check on this Jenkins kid?” he asked.
His question caught me off-guard. Mandy had given me several documents, but as I recalled, her research focused on Sam Powell. I excused myself for a moment and went into our home office and retrieved the documents she had printed out. When I returned, I spread them out on the coffee room and went through them. There was nothing in-depth on Jimmy Jenkins. That wasn’t her oversight, it was mine.
“Damn, there’s not much. I was so focused on her father and his government Intelligence connections I guess I didn’t tell her to do a thorough workup on him.”
Sensing my frustration, Freddy asked, “What’s his name? James Jenkins? Jimmy Jenkins? Man, if I Google that, I’ll get millions of hits. What else can you tell me to narrow down my search?”
As he spoke, I saw he was closing out the video program on his computer.
“Try outdoor equipment, hiking supplies, Appalachian Trail accessories.”
Hs fingers raced across the keyboard, entering the queries. As he apparently wasn’t finding what he wanted, he stopped typing.  
“Any way you can get me his date of birth or social security number?” he asked.
I didn’t have that information. I looked over at Matt.
“You know, Rich’s guys should have that. They’re writing up the incident report. Want me to call him?”
I told him to make the call. Freddy began typing again.
“Anything?” I asked. He held a finger up in the air indicating for me to wait.
“Maybe, let me see something. Yeah! This is a start. Here’s a newspaper story.”  
 “Jimmy Jenkins, age twenty-eight from Hunter Mountain, Tennessee announcing he’d launched an internet startup catering to outdoor and camping enthusiasts.”
“That’s him, but I thought Rich had told me was thirty years old. When is that article from?” I asked.
“A little over two years ago.”
“Oh! Your gonna love this.” he quickly added. “His app is called HikerBuddy. Wait! He also has a website, hikerbuddy.com.”
He quickly typed in the name and the website came up. He turned the laptop toward me to look, relocating himself to sit next to me on the couch.
“Hey! This looks slick. Whoever designed the website knew what they were doing. The header says it focuses on the Appalachian Trail.
“That’s him!” I said. 
“Huh! It has equipment categories, equipment lists, trail maps, rest area and re-supply points. He did a nice job putting this together. Look, he even has a chat room bulletin board. Man! This shows that users have posted almost 1,000 messages since it was launched!”
He looked over at me, his eyes wide in amazement.” Cool! This guy nailed it!”  
 “Let me see something,” he added as he again began typing furiously.
He opened a new window and brought another article up on the screen. When we saw what it was, we were surprised.
A Newswire press release was reporting the website had signed advertising agreements with a half dozen national sporting goods retail chains, generating a projected annual revenue stream to his company in excess of half a million dollars in the first year.
I leaned back on the couch, shaking my head. I’d had it in my mind that Jimmy Jenkins might be involved in Courtney’s disappearance. This information was a game changer.
Freddy asked if the printer in Mandy’s office was on and had paper. He said he’d print out what he’d found. I started to get up; he put his hand on my arm and told me to relax.
“I can check it from here”. 
He typed something into the keyboard, waited a few seconds before he informed me the printer was all set, but that the color cartridge was indicating it was low on ink.
“How the hell did you do that?”  
“Did you forget I set her system up for you? Chill. I’ll print the pages I found.”
I looked over and realized Matt was off the phone and had been watching and listening to Freddy.
“Well, I’m impressed!” he said. “Jenkins’s date of birth is February 23rd, 1990. Rich said they don’t have his social number.” 
“He also told me he’d just heard from his detective at the car rental agency. A James Jenkins presented a Tennessee driver’s license when he rented the car. And get this; because he wasn’t from the area, the agency said he’d have to post a five-hundred-dollar security deposit. They said he didn’t protest and paid it with a credit card.”
Before I could respond, Mandy came in through the sliding door from the deck.
“Oh! I didn’t know you were back. I was working in the garden,” she said with a hint of embarrassment, as she quickly checked to see her shirt was buttoned and her hair presentable.
“How did you guys make out?”
I patted the couch cushion alongside of me.
“We did good. Sit down, you won’t believe what Freddy found.”   






































Chapter 11

It was now five days since Courtney Powell was reported kidnapped, and I had more questions than answers. I’d become obsessed with the questions. I couldn’t get them out of my mind.  
Was her boyfriend Jimmy Jenkins lying when he described what happened to them? Until Freddy’s research yesterday turned up information he was financially well off, I would have said yes. But now, what would be his motive to make a ransom demand?
Her father, Sam Powell. Wealthy, influential in politics, involved with providing equipment to covert government operatives, might be an arms dealer. Maybe he crossed the wrong people, and they were getting back at him by kidnapping his daughter. But why the alleged million-dollar ransom demand? Those cloak and dagger types don’t want your money. They want your life.
Then there was Sam Powell’s ex-employee, Adam Mullard. He sued Powell over what he said was tens of thousand of dollars in commissions Powell hadn’t paid him for his work on obtaining contracts for vehicles and equipment he was supplying to the Federal government. 
For some reason, the lawsuit complaint had been heavily redacted to avoid disclosure of exactly what the vehicles and equipment were, and to whom they were to be delivered. The case was quickly dismissed and Mullard mysteriously disappeared a few days later.
Had Mullard stuck his nose into something that ended up costing him his life? Mullard hasn’t turned up alive or his body been found.
  If he was alive, could he be involved in this kidnapping?
Last, why had the FBI backed off from leading the investigation? We had evidence Powell was shipping covert tactical vehicles by sea for the government, but to where and for whom we didn’t know. Was this such a classified mission that Washington had clamped a tight lid on it to prevent discovery? Would that shield be strong enough to ward off even the Justice Department? If so, I was in trouble.
Those were the questions that were running through my mind this morning as I sat at the kitchen breakfast bar while Mandy was preparing our breakfast.  
Right before I went on my sabbatical from work, she had put me on a diet. I was getting a potbelly, according to her.
 Gone were the bakery treats I relished each morning, and the frequent daily indulgence in my favorite adult beverage.
Now, I was allowed only two cups of coffee a day, eggs only twice a week, toast or English muffin with margarine, not butter. Fruit. Fresh fruit. That was her mantra for me.
It was no wonder the keen intellect I’d built up from years of eating the wrong foods and drinking to the edge of excess was eroding under her tutelage. I had to blame something.
I looked over at her working in front of the sink. If she wasn’t so drop-dead gorgeous, even at eight o’clock in the morning, I could almost be upset with her.
She brought me my breakfast. One egg on  a toasted English muffin and a bowl of fruit. She went to the counter and returned with hers. Orange juice, cereal and a fruit cup. She sat down on a stool next to me and picked up a piece of melon with her fingers. She saw me watching her.
“What?” said the look she gave me.
“Nothing,”
She picked up another piece of fruit.
“You tossed and turned in your sleep last night. This case has you troubled, huh?
“Yeah, it’s got too many unanswered questions. This one just doesn’t make sense to me.”
“Well, I thought her boyfriend had something to do with it, but after what Freddy found out about him yesterday, it sounds like he’s pretty well off,” she said. “He wouldn’t have a motive, right?”
“Yeah, that’s what I thought too. He’s supposed to be coming to the State Police Barracks this morning. I’m heading over there to interview him. Maybe there’s something about him we don’t know.”
“Oh? Good. That’s only a short drive from here. How long do you think you’ll be?”
I told her it shouldn’t be more than an hour or two and asked why. Did she have something she wanted to do?
She answered nothing special. She planned on working in her garden this morning, maybe get in some practice time with her drone. I said nothing.
My lack of response must have concerned her. She reached over and took my hand. 
“Hey, you’ll figure this out, you always do.”
She leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
“Now eat your breakfast like a good boy!”
I drove over to the State Police barracks and met with Rich Prince. He told me he’d received an email from Billy Sullivan, the Georgia Bureau of Investigation Lieutenant, who had flown up on Sam Powell’s private jet. Billy had attached the investigation reports on the deaths of Sam Powell’s three wives I’d requested.
“I printed them out, but I haven’t read them yet. We have some time before the Jenkins kid gets here, we can look at them now if you want.”
 I agreed, he retrieved the reports and handed them to me. I took the report of the third wife who had hanged herself, Rich the fatal drunk driving accident involving wife two. We both read in silence.
Sam Powell’s third wife’s maiden name had been Star Ashford. She was only forty-one years old when she was found hanging by a rope strung over a tree branch on Sam Powell’s estate property. The report said she and Sam had just celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary a few days earlier.
She was young, I thought to myself. Maybe thirty-seven or thirty-eight when they married. I didn’t know how old Sam Powell was, but from how he looked when I met him in Boston, I’d guess he’s now between sixty and sixty-five. Looking at the date of her death I estimated he would have been about twenty-five years older than Star when they married, if my estimate of his age was correct.
She left no suicide note, her body was found at seven-thirty in the morning by a landscaper who maintained the Powell estate grounds. I was caught completely by surprise when I saw the report indicated she was completely nude when she was found.
Toxicology of blood taken from her at autopsy showed she had a significant amount of barbiturates and other prescription anti-depressants in her system, as well as a blood alcohol level just under the limit of legally intoxicated. The local coroner had ruled her death a suicide.  
When I finished, I set the report down on Rich’s desk, he was still reading. A few moments later he finished and looked up at me,  
Referring to the report, he said, “Wife number two was Gretchen Wyatt. Twenty-eight years old when she crashed her red Porche convertible into a Black-Jack oak tree at an estimated extreme rate of speed. The reports says, and I quote, “judging from the total destruction of the vehicle the victim became deceased immediately.” He reported there were no skid marks found on the paved road surface.”
“Black-Jack Oak. Huh! I’ve never heard of that species before,” he added. He continued his summary of the report.
“The accident was discovered by a Town Constable on routine patrol at three -twenty-four AM on a local back road, according to the report. The local coroner ruled her death accidental.”
“She was young.” I interjected. “So was wife number three, She was forty-one and found nude hanging from a tree on Powell’s estate. Autopsy showed significant levels of barbiturates and anti-depressants.”
“Did you say nude?”  
“Yup! That’s what the report says.”
I asked about wife number one. Rich held up a newspaper article of her obituary. 
“Died at age thirty in a hospital from cancer, Survived by husband Samuel Powell and beloved daughter Courtney.”
“What do you make of all this?”  
I had to think for a minute. 
“The only thing I’m sure of is Sam Powell likes his women young.”
“Didn’t you say wife number four is waiting in the wings, or shall I say under the bedcovers?” he asked.
‘That’s what the local Georgia paparazzi are reporting.”
Our research session ended with the buzzing of Rich’s office intercom. Jimmy Jenkins had arrived. Rich instructed the barrack’s
dispatcher to direct him to an interview room, he’d be with him in a few minutes. He looked over at me.
“It’s show time. Are you ready for this?”
I picked up the file folder I’d brought with me containing printouts of still frames from the gas station video.
 “Yeah, let’s do this.”

















Chapter 12

I had in my mind an image of Jimmy Jenkins from how Rich had first described him to Mandy and me last week, and more recently, Tom Higgins at the hardware store. I pictured a cross between the late celebrities John Denver and Sonny Bono. I wasn’t too far off.
Jimmy was sitting quietly at a small table in the interview room, his legs crossed, his hands in his lap. It looked as if he had made an attempt to achieve some semblance of order with his full head of bushy light brown hair but had failed. It was long, covering his neck and ears. At least it wasn’t in a ponytail or a mullet.
His brown eyes opened wide as we entered the room; I couldn’t help but notice the pupils seemed unusually large. He looked as if someone had goosed his ass and his face was frozen in a perpetual look 
of surprise.
He was wearing tan chino pants, a dark green pullover short-sleeve shirt and brown sandals. He presented a ‘country boy chillin at the shore’ look,  rather than an LL Bean catalog manikin, more in line with his affinity for the outdoors. One thing was certain. He didn’t look as if he was worth half a million dollars as his business news release had said.
Rich greeted him and introduced me as a Federal US Attorney from Boston. I didn’t think it possible, but his eyes grew even larger as he heard my credentials.
“Is there any news about Courtney?” he immediately asked. The voice threw me. His speech wasn’t rushed, excited, or pleading. It was slow, not a drawl, but with a mild southern accent. 
Rich answered there was no news, the search and an intensive investigation were continuing.
Jimmy looked disappointed. He lightly tapped his closed left hand against his bottom lip, seeming to tap the curled index finger it into his teeth. A classic body language sign he was suppressing an emotion rising within. Anxiety. Was it real or an act? I wasn’t sure. It was spontaneous.
I was leaning toward real.
Rich and I sat down across from him. Rich took a sheet of paper from a folder and handed it to him, commenting it was the inventory of items his Department had recovered from the ransacked campsite. He took it and studied it for a few minutes.
“I don’t see my gun on here? Where is it?”
Rich quickly looked over at me with a surprised look.
“What gun, Jimmy?”
“My gun!  A 357 Magnum. My father gave that to me when I graduated high school. Where is it?”
“The troopers didn’t report finding any gun.”
Jimmy made a fist and banged the table, Banged, not pounded. Again, an emotion; controlled anger.
“He took that too. My father gave that to me,” he whined.
“What were you doing up on the trail with a gun?” Rich asked.
Jimmy gave him a look that implied disbelief he’d asked the question.
“Protection, what do you think?”
Again, a passive tone. Not angry or confrontational.  
“Protection against what?”
“Bears, mountain lions, snakes. Haven’t you ever spent time in the woods?”
Rich didn’t immediately answer. I picked up his slack.
“Jimmy, let me ask you some things about Courtney. How did you two meet?”
“At a club. I went out for a couple drinks that night. I saw her and couldn’t take my eyes off of her. She was so pretty.”
“Yeah, I saw a picture of her. She is beautiful. She won a beauty contest, right?” 
“Yeah.  She sat down next to me at the bar and we started talking and she mentioned that. I couldn’t believe she was even talking to me.”
“That must have made you feel pretty good, huh?”
“Yeah! I mean c’mon. Look at me. I’m not some football jock or rock star. I couldn’t understand why she was hanging with me. There were a lot of guys trying to hit on her that night.”
“I understand you have your own business, and it’s doing well. Did you tell her about that?” I asked.
His look told me he was surprised I knew about his personal life.
“Yeah, I mentioned it. We were just talking, getting to know each other, you know. Casual stuff. I didn’t make a big deal out of it.”
“What did she think of what you were telling her about yourself?”
“She seemed really interested. She said she always loved the outdoors. She said her father had a lot of property she used to roam around on until she went away to school, and she really missed that.”
“You’re from Tennessee, aren’t you?”
“Yeah.”
“What brought you to Georgia?”
He hesitated to answer. This was the first question he had balked at. He stared at me for a few seconds.
“Why are you asking all these questions about me. Do you think I had something to do with her being kidnapped?”
“How did you find out she was kidnapped?”
“What do you mean? We were sleeping and got attacked. I got hit in the head and knocked unconscious. When I woke up our campsite was trashed, and she was missing. I told all of this to the detectives at the hospital. I don’t understand why all the questions.”
I explained I was just trying to fill I some blanks as we were piecing together what happened. He didn’t respond.
“Do you know her father claims someone texted him demanding a one-million-dollar ransom for her safe return?”
“WHAT? A million dollars?” he blurted out. The shocked look on is face showed me the emotional response wasn’t an act. Under his breath he repeated , “a million dollars, …..a million dollars” as he shook his head in disbelief.
“You didn’t answer my question. What brought you down to Georgia?”
He fidgeted in the chair, settling down as he leaned back and crossed his legs. He drew a deep breath to compose himself.
“If you know about my business, then you know I offer hiking services and accessories, I opened it focusing on the Appalachian Trail.” 
“When I saw it was doing well, I realized there was a big market for the equipment that I was referring people on my website to large retailers. I modified my business plan thinking I could siphon off some of that retail business if I opened my own brick and mortar stores. My plan was to open one at the start of the trail in Georgia, and one half-way.”
“I figured Massachusetts was halfway. I thought those were the points hikers would initially buy and then replenish their supplies.” He paused.
“That’s why Courtney and I were hiking. Testing my assumptions.
We were logging how long our provisions were lasting.”
As I listened to his explanations, I was becoming impressed with him.
 Granted, based on just looks and first impressions, I’m not sure I’d want him to marry my daughter if I had one. But on the flip side, he was an entrepreneur. He started a business and saw an opportunity for it to grow. He developed a plan, was testing it. After listening to him, I had little doubt he was going to be successful.
Something Mandy mentioned she learned when she first researched him was that he had sold the distribution rights to the app he’d developed. Could that be a factor in the case, I wondered?
“Let me ask you something, Jimmy. I know you have an app and website for your company, but I thought I read you had sold your interests to a third party. Is that true?”
 “No, that’s not true at all,” he calmly answered.” I licensed the exclusive rights to the distribution of the app and forty-nine percent of  the advertising revenue to a dot com management company in Maryland. I’m the sole owner of my company. And like I just said, I still own fifty-one percent of the ad revenue.”
I looked over at Rich and smiled.
“You should have brought Mandy for her to analyze his finances,” he said under his breath.
“What?” Jimmy asked.
“Nothing.” I answered. “Jimmy, let me be blunt and ask you something. Did Courtney’s father approve of your relationship with his daughter?”
“No,” came his immediate answer.  
“Did he ever say anything to you, or maybe Courtney, to try and break you two up?”
“Yeah, constantly. He called me a flash-in-the-pan, whatever that means. He ridiculed my hair, telling me to grow up and get a haircut. He called me a hillbilly, made fun of the way I talked. It was just one insult after another.”
“How did Courtney  handle that?”
“She hated it. She hates her father. Once we got to know each other better, she told me that after her mother died when she was young, her father married all these stepmothers. She called them his whores.”
“She said one was an abusive drunk that drove her car into a tree, another one got caught cheating on him and hung herself.”
“She hates her father. She said the last two wives weren’t much older than her. Now he’s got some Spanish girl fiancée that she thinks is  a porn actress. You guys should be looking at him for grabbing her away from me.”
I looked at him long and hard. What he’d just explained, he’d done in a calm, measured tone.
“Do you hate her father?’  
“Hate? no. Despise? Absolutely.”
“What about Courtney? You said she hates her father?”
“I told you. She hates him. Absolutely. That’s why when I told her of my plan to hike the Trail, she begged me to take her with me. Are you kidding me? A chance to be alone with her for three months? I’m no fool. We headed out two days later without her telling her father.”
His last statement was a game changer, and it was unexpected. When her father realized she was gone, why didn’t he report her missing then?
I had one last thing to probe. I reached into the file folder I’d brought and laid out on the desk in front of him three photos showing him leaving the hardware store in Byronham. He had a confused look on his face.
“That’s you, isn’t it?” I asked, tapping my finger on the photo of him getting onto the SUV.
He leaned over for a closer look.
“Yeah. Where did you get those?”
“From the surveillance cameras at the Byronham hardware store.”
I expected him to react with shock, or at least surprise if he’d bought the tarp and tape to dispose of Courtney’s body. There was no shock. Just a look of confusion.
“That was two days ago. What were you doing in Byronham?”
He didn’t hesitate to answer. “
“I saw a real estate ad in the local paper about a piece of land for sale near the trailhead where Courtney and I were attacked. I went to look at it to see if it was suitable for my re-supply store idea.”
“And was it?”
“Yeah actually. Why?”
“Did you buy anything at the hardware store?”
“Yeah. Why are you asking?”
“What did you buy?”
“A plastic tarp and some tape. What’s it to….?”
He stopped before he finished his answer and sat bolt upright.
“Oh! I get it. Oh no! No! No!.” he said, rapidly shaking his head. 
“You’ve got this all wrong. Do you think I bought that to get rid of Courtney’s body? Oh no. Man! You are so wrong!”
“Tell me why I’m wrong, Jimmy. I’m listening.”
“I bought that to line the back of the SUV I rented.”
“I’m not following you.”
He sat back with a smile on his face, shaking his head again. I could see he was mocking me.
“Look. When I rented the SUV, they gave me a hard time when they saw my out of state driver’s license. The guy questioned me what I needed the car for. He warned me that I had to return it back to his place, not drop it off in Tennessee. I told him I needed a car that had storage space so I could move some camping equipment I was shipping home.
“He made me pay a five-hundred-dollar security deposit, and said he was writing the rental agreement to include a stipulation if I returned it and the interior was damaged or needed intensive cleaning, I would forfeit the deposit and have to pay the cleaning or repair expense as a separate charge. I knew the guy was ripping me off, but I had no choice but to agree to his terms.”
“The tarp and tape was to protect the interior. I can’t believe you think I killed Courtney.”
He slumped down in his chair and slowly shook his head. It was the classic look of dejection.
“I can’t believe you guys,” he said  under his breath, just loud enough for us to hear. He wasn’t trying very hard not to be insulting.
I looked over at Rich. He shrugged his shoulders. I hesitated for a few moments,
“Hey Jimmy. Look at me. Hey! Look at me,” I said as I slapped the table in front of him to get his attention.
His head jerked up in surprise.
“I don’t think you had anything to do with Courtney’s disappearance.”
“Do you think she’s dead?” he asked in a hushed voice,
 I hesitated. Despite the lack of evidence, I had a gut feeling she was still alive.
“No. I don’t think she’s dead. I think she’s being held against her will somewhere.”
He laid both his hands on the table, leaned forward and looked into my eyes.
“You’ve got to find her, Mister,…., I…,  I forgot your name.”
“Richardson.”
“Mr. Richardson, you’ve got to find her before he kills her.” Now his tone was desperate. Imploring. It was obvious he was really in love with this girl.
“I give you my word. We’re doing everything possible to find her alive.”
“Thank You, Thank You,” he said as he reached out to shake my hand.
 There was an unspoken message in his tight grip. It was if he didn’t want to let go. I realized  he was thinking I was his only hope to find Courtney.
Rich asked him what his plans were, he answered he wasn’t going anywhere. He was going to stay at the hotel until we found Courtney. I watched him as he spoke. There was resolve in his voice.
He asked when he could get his camping gear back. Rich replied he wasn’t sure, adding he’d call the forensic lab to see if he could expedite its return. He escorted Jimmy out to the lobby. A few minutes later, he returned and sat across from me at the interview table.
“What do you think?” he asked.
I replied I thought Jimmy was telling the truth. I explained I watched his body language and listened carefully to his answers to my questions. They weren’t contrived or rehearsed. I asked Rich what he thought.
“I tend to agree with you. I think that kid really has a thing for that girl. But now that I’ve seen him in person not lying in a hospital bed, and after seeing that picture of her when she won the beauty pageant, I still can’t see what attracted her to him.”
“I don’t know. He seemed down to earth to me. He’s young, successful, but he didn’t dwell on his success. Maybe that’s what she was missing in her life.”
 “Yeah, maybe your right. But you’ve eliminated him as a suspect. Where does that leave us?”
I had to think for a minute.
“We’re back to her father again, and that ex-employee that sued  him.”  
“Yeah, I forgot about him. But he’s missing, no?”
Rich’s remark struck a chord. Was I overlooking the obvious? 
If someone crossed Sam Powell, was his answer to make them disappear? But if that’s how he solved his problems, would he kill his own daughter? His problem was her boyfriend, Jimmy. Why wasn’t he permanently removed? For the moment, I was at a loss.
My cellphone beeped, I pulled it out of my jacket pocket and looked at the screen. Freddy was calling.
“Hey! Something weird is going on,” was his response when I answered.
Now what? I thought to myself.
Freddy said he’d been monitoring the GPS transmitters he’d installed in Sam Powell’s RVs, and the ship they were on. 
“It was headed South in the Atlantic as I thought it would, my guess was it was headed somewhere in South America, or maybe the Panama Canal, but over the last four hours its changed course,” he reported.
“Where do you think it’s headed now?” I asked. Admittedly, I’d put the ship’s movements out of my mind.
“I don’t know. The only land masses in the direction it’s going are Haiti and the Dominican Republic.”
“Are you sure it’s not headed to Cuba? Maybe Guantanamo?”
 Before this moment, I hadn’t considered that could be the destination. Powell was supplying classified equipment and arms to the Government. The last I knew; we were using the naval base there as a prison for terrorists we’d captured in the Middle East. That would make sense. But why was the SUV transport mission wrapped in secrecy? He could have more easily shipped them from Norfolk or Miami, not Maine. 
“I don’t think so, Boss. I just looked again.  It looks like Haiti is the destination.”
“Haiti?” I said out loud.
Rich looked over at me as if I’d lost my mind. I told Freddy to keep me posted and ended the call.
“If you don’t mind my asking, what was that all about?”  
I explained Freddy’s report on the GPS track of Powell’s SUVs. I didn’t blame him for looking completely confused.
“And that helps us find Courtney Powell, how?”
I didn’t have an answer. It seemed every time I thought  the case was progressing to help us locate her, a new wrinkle surfaced. A few moments of silence passed between us. Finally, he spoke.
“If I’m out of line with this tell me, but I don’t see where you’re going with this case. I mean, I get it. Sam Powell is probably an arms dealer. Maybe he double crossed or ripped off one of his customers down in the Caribbean.” 
He continued; “It makes absolutely no sense to me that someone from down there would come all the way up to Byronham Massachusetts and know exactly where on the Appalachian Trail Courtney and her boyfriend were camped and kidnap her.”
I stared at him, processing what he’d just said. He wasn’t out of line. I don’t think he realized it, but he’d pointed out something that was staring me in the face all the time, and I’d missed it.
Whoever it was who had kidnapped Courtney would have needed some way to know her exact location that night. Only two people knew that. Jimmy Jenkins and her. I’d just cleared Jimmy as a suspect.

















































Chapter 13

I sat in my car at the Byronham trail head where Rich had set up his command post during the search. Now, it was serving as a respite place for the hikers whom we’d evacuated from the Trail, and the command-and-control point for the National Guard’s summer training exercise seeing to their needs.
 I’d left Rich at the State Police barracks after our interview of Jimmy Jenkins, taking with me copies of the investigation reports of the untimely deaths of Sam Powell’s two wives. I needed time alone to think.
I lowered the driver’s side window and shut the car off. I looked over at the encampment sitting atop a small meadow rising from the road to the base of the Trail’s ridge. It was a warm sunny early afternoon; the temperature hovering in the low eighties.
Despite the heat, a gentle breeze was wafting the odor of diesel fumes and haze from the generators being used to power the military equipment. Their steady high-pitched whine drowned out sounds from a large flock of birds I watched fly overhead.
There were a dozen National Guard canvas topped trucks and Jeeps  parked in a line on the grass next to the dirt path that led to the encampment.
I pulled the investigation reports from a manila folder and slowly read through them. The accident report Rich had reviewed and described  contained copies of two photos taken at the crash scene. Rich hadn’t shown or even mentioned the photos. 
The report had noted the damage as, “Judging from the total destruction of the vehicle, the victim became deceased immediately.” That was an odd way of expressing how she had died.
As I looked at the photos that viewed the car’s driver side, taken from a distance to show the expanse from the front to the rear, the damage didn’t match his description. 
The front end of the car had impacted the trunk of a tree and there was heavy damage, but I noticed the windshield and dashboard appeared intact, as was the driver’s side body panel. 
I held the photo closer to my eyes, thinking I was mistaken. The closer I looked, there appeared to be a reflection on the windshield from a camera flash. It looked as if the windshield wasn’t even cracked. Had the investigator falsely reported the extent of damage? If he did, why? Was he covering something up?
I noted the report said the car had struck a Black Jack oak tree. I’d never heard of that species, so I googled it. To my surprise, there was such a species. Curiously, one of its features was a small trunk, as opposed to the large oak species that grows up North. I looked at some pictures Google had of the tree, then back at the photo of the damaged car. The small diameter of the tree’s trunk, and the car’s damage seemed out of proportion to each other.
I scanned through the report to look at the signatures section. I noted the ruling of cause and manor of death was attested to by Harper Ferris, Town Coroner.
Town Coroner? I’d never heard the term before. State Medical Examiner, County Coroner, yes. But Town? I made a mental note to ask Mandy to research the town where Sam Powell lived and see if they in fact had a coroner.
Could Sam Powell have had anything to do with his second wife’s “accidental” death, and had enough local influence to cover it up? 
Jimmy Jenkins had said Courtney told him the woman was an abusive drunk. It was reasonable to assume the accident may have been her own negligence, but it was something that needed to be followed up.
I sat there staring at the photos, wishing I’d had them and the report when Rich Prince and I had interviewed Sam Powell in Boston. I would have given anything to see the look on his lawyer Emerson Palmer’s face as he had a stroke when I pointed out the glaring discrepancy and suggested it was a coverup.
 I put the reports back in the folder, locked up the car and walked up to the hiker’s encampment. .
I was pleasantly surprised to see the hikers and guardsmen had transformed the chaotic scene of a few days ago into one of apparent comfort and safety. 
As I walked toward the Guard command tent and passed the temporary motor pool with its row of olive drab camouflaged vehicles, I noticed at the end of the row, not visible from where I’d parked, a bright orange mini school bus. I hadn’t a clue what that was doing here.
As I approached the tent, among a group of a half-dozen men in fatigues, I spotted Mandy’s drone mentor, Sgt. Will Collins. He waved in acknowledgement and approached me. I explained I’d stopped by for an update on the efforts of the cadaver dog teams.
He explained for the past two days three canine teams had been scouring the ridge within a swath one hundred yards wide for five miles in opposite directions from where Courtney Powell, whom he referred to as “the victim,” was last seen alive. He reported the dogs hadn’t alerted to any scent of human remains. I wasn’t surprised, but relieved.
“We actually have one last team on its way down from the ridge, they should be here in a few minutes,” he informed me. “That’s our  bloodhound, Old Joe,” he added with a grin.
“Old Joe?” 
“Yeah! He’s a good old boy. He’s had quite the career with us. Over the years his handler has assisted the police with a lot of searches, but he’s telling us Joe’s starting to run out of steam. We plan on retiring him at the end of the Summer. We’ll miss him. He’s our only cadaver hound, the other dogs are Labs. Don’t get me wrong, they’re good too, they’re trained for human scent tracking, drugs and explosives, but they’ll never be in Old Joe’s league for finding bodies.”
I was speechless. Here I was racing the clock and losing sleep over finding a kidnapped young woman, praying she was still alive, and I’m standing here listening to the life and times of “Old Joe.”
“Listen! Hear him? That’s Old Joe telling us he’s coming in,” Sgt. Collins explained as he turned and looked toward the underbrush at the base of the ridge. I heard a dog’s quick grunt, or maybe it was a snort. Whatever it was, the sound was deep and throaty.
In a minute or two I saw three guardsmen come into sight, led by a short-haired, low-slung, four-legged wrinkly skinned creature that had the longest set of ears I’d ever seen on a dog. They were like drapes hanging on the sides of his face. As they drew closer, I saw the animal was moping along, saliva drooling from his mouth.

To our left I saw two guardsmen jogging toward the group, one carrying several bottles of water, the other a large stainless-steel bowl As the two groups met, the bowl was quickly filled with water, the dog’s huge tongue slowly but methodically delivered the liquid relief to his mouth. I watched his handler pull the dog’s head back from the bowl every few mouthfuls, apparently to keep him from choking.
When we got within ten feet of him, Sgt Collins introduced us.
“Say hello to Old Joe!”
I said hello to Old Joe and his friends as Sgt. Collins introduced me.
“Anything?” I asked, expecting to hear the answer; no, nothing.
Anther guardsman jogged over with bottles of water and towels for the soldiers. Old Joe’s handler took a long drink of water before he answered.
“Maybe,” he answered. I held my breath as he unbuttoned his fatigue shirt and pulled out a paper lunch bag. I noticed he was wearing latex gloves. He reached inside the bag and pulled out what looked like a pink ,wide, terrycloth elastic wristband. and a long, thin piece of plastic. I recognized the plastic immediately. A zip-tie cuff.
“Old Joe alerted on this about a half mile north of where the ransacked campsite was. It was just off the side of the trail, and at first I didn’t  see what he was onto. When I saw the pink, I thought it was just a piece of a rag or something. I tried to pull him back and keep moving, but he almost pulled my arm out of its socket when he went right back to it. That’s when I saw the zip-tie. I put gloves on, picked it up and put it in the bag. I called Joe to move out, but he pulled me into the underbrush, That’s when I saw the path.”
“What path?” I quickly asked.
“Somebody cut a path from the trail down to the road. If you were walking by, you wouldn’t notice it. Joe must have hit on a human scent on the bracelet and was following it. Somebody concealed the entrance with brush that was piled up.”
“How can you know that?” I asked.
“When we pulled the brush aside to get in there after Joe, you could see the cut marks on the sticks. Looks like they use a machete or hatchet, the branches were too thick to be broken by hand.”
“Can you show me that path? I need to see where it comes out on the road,” I asked.
“I can do better than that. We walked halfway down it and stopped. I saw a landmark to use as a reference down by the road. It’s a phone pole with another support pole diagonal to it. It’s about a half mile down the road on the left. We can walk or drive, it’s your call.”
Sgt. Collins made my decision for me. He instructed one of the guardsman to get one of the MPs and a Jeep and meet us at the command tent. We walked to the tent, following behind Old Joe, who had a tendency to slowly waddle rather than march. 
His handler took him over to a pickup truck, and obviously straining after two failed attempts, he hoisted his partner onto the passenger’s seat and closed the door. My guess was Old Joe was carrying a hundred pounds on those stubby legs of his.
As we waited for the MP, I asked Sgt. Collins what a school bus was doing at the site. He explained the townspeople had stepped up and besides bringing up food and baked goods to the encampment, they’d opened up the gym at the regional Junior High school for the hikers to use the shower facilities. The bus was for their transportation.
“Now that you mentioned the hikers, most of them are asking when they can resume their trip. It’s been almost a week now since we shut down the trail. Any word from the State Police on what they want to do?” he asked.
I told him I’d heard nothing, but I’d check with Rich Prince and get an answer for him.
Our driver finally arrived. We followed the pickup truck and Old Joe to where the guardsman said the path ended on the road. As he had estimated, it was a half mile from the encampment. He pulled his truck across the road to block the southbound lane from oncoming traffic, our MP driver pulled in front of him and activated his emergency lights.
I stood up from the rear bench seat and jumped out onto the road. The guardsman struggled to gently help Old Joe set his feet on the ground. He asked me for the paper bag he’d given me. I handed it to him; he opened it and held it up to the dog’s nose.
“Find it, buddy! Find it, Old Joe!” he encouraged the dog.
He immediately put his nose to the ground and sniffed his way along the grass covered shoulder. He stopped and sniffed more intensely. I looked past his handler and could see the dog had located the path’s termination point. I had to study it for a moment, but the straw-like grass and brush definitely looked matted down, in a width of about two feet. 
Someone or something had passed through there recently. 
Old Joe let out another ungodly snorting sound, pulled hard on his leash, leading his handler to a point about a hundred feet from where he’d started at the path. The entire time his nose was an inch above the ground, his sniffing constant.
“He’s alerting to something,” his handler said over his shoulder as he struggled to keep up with the dog. 
Suddenly he stopped, sniffed some more, and let out the most mournful short howl I’d ever heard from an animal.
“What is it, boy? What is it, Old Joe?” his handler asked as he patted his back and moved close to him to see what he was scenting.
“Hey! Look at this. Tire marks in the dirt off the road here,” the handler said as he motioned toward the heavier brush.
“Looks like somebody pulled a car or truck in here to get it off the road out of sight. Here, see for yourself.”
The guardsman handed the bag to me. “What do you think?”
I glanced at the bag I was holding, then to the spot where a vehicle had pulled off the road. There was no doubt in my mind now.
“This confirms Courtney Powell was kidnapped, and there’s still a chance she’s alive.”
I had to call Rich Prince. I needed a detective or trooper to come to the scene and take photos of the path and to take a statement from Old Joe’s handler on how and where he found the items in the bag. I explained my plan to him and Sgt. Collins. Collins instructed the MP to call for another patrol to come to the scene and assist with blocking the road while it was processed.
I called Rich on his cell; he was on the road. When I told him what the dog had found and what I needed, he said he’d immediately make the arrangements for assistance, adding he would also come to the scene.
I looked over at Old Joe who was lying on the grass, his chin resting on his paws, drool hanging from his mouth, his big brown eyes alternating between his handler and me.  
I was acting on the assumption the cloth bracelet was Courtney’s but needed to be certain. Her boyfriend Jimmy Jenkins could confirm that.
Old Joe appeared to be tracking the bracelet’s scent. If it was hers, the scent would be from her skin. The fact he picked up the scent down on the road would eliminate the worst of my fears; that the kidnapper had murdered her in the woods
In my mind, I was hoping Old Joe was on his A-game this afternoon.
A few minutes later, two State Police cruisers sped up to the scene, turned on their emergency lights and parked to set up a safe work zone at our location. The troopers came over to me; I explained our situation. One said he would take the statement from Old Joe’s handler, the other took a post in front of his car for traffic detail. Although we were on a state road, traffic was light. Rich Prince pulled up in his unmarked car. 
I briefed him on what the dog had found and pointed to the spot we thought a car or truck had been concealed. As we walked over to inspect it, Old Joe picked up his head. His ears went from slack to half-mast and he let out a bark, or more accurately, a guttural woof sound. He seemed to recognize Rich.
“Hey Old Joe! Hey buddy,” Rich responded to the dog, that slowly rolled over and stretched, arching his back, the stubby legs rigid upright. Rich went over and gently stroked the dog’s fat belly. Old Joe moaned.
“I assume you two have met before?” I asked.
“Oh yeah. Old Joe and I go way back,” he answered as he kept rubbing the dog’s belly. Rich stood up.
“We’ve used him on many searches. His nose is incredibly sensitive.”
 I looked down at his canine friend still on his back, slowly rocking, wiggling his hind quarter back and forth, his wrinkled skin flopping with each movement. He looked as if he was enjoying the reunion as much as Rich.
“Okay. Show me what you’ve got,” he said, nodding toward the side of the road. We walked over; he inspected the site.
“Yeah, you’re right. Somebody pulled a vehicle in here,” Rich observed. He reached over and picked up a thin branch about six feet long; an inch in diameter. He looked at its end.
“Look here; cut marks,” he said as he pointed out bark had been cleanly sliced off. “My guess is they used some brush to conceal the path.”
“When you called and said you found where someone had pulled a car off the road, my first thought was you found where the motor homes dropped off the militia. But those vehicles are armor clad, and wide. They would have sunk into the ground deeper than these tracks. My guess is these are from a car, SUV or maybe a pickup,” he surmised. “You thinking this is where he brought the girl off the trail?”
I held my answer. Now we had evidence the kidnapper had carefully planned his grab of the girl. I was wracking my brain to figure how he’d precisely located her and the boyfriend up on the trail. This could be where he brought her. I felt I was missing something, but what?
I agreed with him and asked if he could help with getting photos of the scene. He said he had a digital camera in his car, he’d take care of it himself and email them to me.
While I waited for the trooper to finish taking the statement from Old Joe’s handler, I passed the time staring up at the trail, running through my mind everything I’d done to try and find Courtney.
The beeping of my cellphone interrupted my thoughts, I looked at the screen and saw it was Mandy.
“Are you all right?” was her greeting when I answered. I could sense the concern in her voice.
“Yeah. Why? I’m over at the Byronham site. Do you need anything?”
There was a pause. “No, it’s just that when you left this morning, you said you’d only be a couple hours. It’s a little after two now. I got worried.”
I assured her I was fine, and I’d be home within the hour.
“Did something happen with the case?” she asked.
I explained we may have found some evidence, but I didn’t want to discuss it over the phone. We ended the call. I looked at my watch and realized I’d lost all track of time.
After Rich and the trooper finished their tasks, I thanked Old Joe’s handler for his excellent work and hitched a ride back to my car with the one MP who had remained with us. Twenty minutes later, I was pulling into my driveway.
I went inside, Mandy was at the computer in her office. I gave her a kiss hello. She offered a weak smile in return. I knew I was in trouble with her.
I explained how one of the tracking dogs had found a wristband that might belong to Courtney, and how we came to locate where we thought the kidnapper had brought her down to the road. As I talked, I saw she had put aside her anger with me for not letting her know I’d be delayed coming home.
I opened the paper bag that contained the bracelet, cautioning her not to touch it and risk contaminating the scent Old Joe had hit on.
“What’s that plastic thingy?” she asked, noticing the zip tie. I explained what it was, and that it was found nearby to the bracelet.
“So, he kidnapped her and took her down to the road?” she asked.
“Yeah.”
She didn’t speak, the look on her face showed me she was thinking. After a minute, she shared her thoughts.
“I hate to say it, but I really thought he’d raped and killed her up in the woods. But now with you saying he got her down to the road, where do you think he took her?”
In my mind I that was the million-dollar question. I said we had no way of knowing. Her father said he’d received a ransom demand, but we had no proof of that. For all intents and purposes, he wasn’t cooperating with us. She could be anywhere.
“If her father’s not cooperating, do you think he’s hiding something?” she asked.
Her comment reminded me of the discrepancy I’d found in the accident report of his second wife’s death. I explained what it said and how the coroner’s conclusion didn’t fit the damage to the car in the pictures.
I asked if in her research she’d been able to come across Sam Powell’s exact address. She said she didn’t remember, turned to her computer and started searching on Google. After a minute or two she found the newspaper photo she’d previously uncovered of Sam and his latest fiancée, Luciana, at a charity event.
She read aloud the accompanying article that described them as “prominent Mason County residents.” Working with that, she Googled his name and the county and hit pay-dirt. Sam Powell lived on an estate called Peachtree Grove near Springer Mountain.
“Hmm,” she said. “It says here Springer Mountain is the gateway to the Appalachian Trail. That would explain what brought her boyfriend to Georgia, right?”
“Yeah, that make’s sense.”
“By the way. You said you were going to interview him this morning. How did that go?” she asked.
I gave her the short version, ending by telling her I thought he was telling the truth and had nothing to do with the kidnapping.
She stared at me. “What?” I asked.
“I’m surprised you said that. I had it in my mind maybe he and Courtney were pissed at her father for trying to break them up and they’d made up this whole story to get money out of him,” she offered in explanation. “Did you ever think of that?”
“I did, but for a different reason. I had it in my mind they’d made this whole thing up because Sam Powell was engaged again, and if he married this stripper or whatever you think she is, she’d be in a position to cut into Courtney’s inheritance. The million-dollar ransom would be like an insurance policy for Courtney.”
“Oh! I didn’t think of that. But that’s not good,” Mandy said. “If what you just said about an inheritance was true, wouldn’t the girlfriend want Courtney out of the picture? Like dead out of the picture?”
Her last remark registered with me. I  hadn’t considered Sam’s fiancée could have a part in all this. I ran the possibility through my mind. That could be it. I’d told myself before to follow the money. This was a route I hadn’t thought of. 
I needed to learn more about this new woman in Sam and his daughter’s lives. I could feel the adrenaline rush starting again as I stood up from the office couch. If Mandy’s theory was right about Sam Powell’s new fiancee, Courtney very well could be dead.
“See what you can find out about the town where Sam Powell lives having its own coroner. That’s highly unusual. Also, and more importantly, I need everything you can find online about his fiancée.”
She looked at me. “And what are you going to do?”
“I’m going to make myself a drink and think this through.”
She frowned and glanced at the watch on her wrist. I could see she was tempted to comment, but thankfully I escaped without criticism.
I went out to the family room and found that bottle of Seagram’s.









































Chapter 14

I walked out on the deck with my drink. I’d called Freddy and Matt Holcomb to come over for a brainstorming session on where we were on the case. I tried to have Rich Prince join us, but when I spoke with him, he was on his way up to a small town close the Vermont border. A suspected domestic violence murder was being investigated by his detectives.
 It was upsetting to believe that on a beautiful summer’s afternoon, someone had died like that. Silently, I was praying our case hadn’t fallen into that same category. Up to now, I’d been fortunate that the Sheriffs and State Police departments had resources available to me and were heavily involved in investigating Courtney’s disappearance. 
Uniform patrols and plainclothes detectives had been canvassing area motels and inns around the clock, taking down license plates, circulating her picture, and making inquiries about any recent out-of-state guests. The chances they’d come across a car with Georgia plates or a car whose owner had a criminal record for crimes against women were about a million to one, but we had to do the legwork.
Realistically, as every hour came and went, our chances of finding her alive were getting slimmer. We had to find her.
I looked out at Mandy’s garden. Aside from her crops doing exceptionally well in the hot weather we’d been experiencing; I noticed a recent addition. A handsome scarecrow complete with a straw hat.
I hadn’t a clue when she’d made it, but had to admit she used ingenuity by stuffing it with straw or hay, and even drawing a face on the light tan canvas feed bag she’d fashioned into its head. The Strawman’s plaid flannel shirt and jeans looked familiar to me. I had clothes just like that in my closet.
 I sat down at the glass top patio table and opened the portfolio containing all the reports we’d collected on the case. I noticed Mandy had printed out a five by seven photo of Courtney’s winning the beauty contest. She was young, but she was drop-dead gorgeous. Thinking back on my interview of Jimmy Jenkins, I had to agree with Mandy’s statement: love is blind.
I’d asked Freddy to bring his laptop with the video from Angelo Ferrar’s gas station in Byronham. I had only viewed the footage that showed Jimmy Jenkins and the rental car and had it in my mind we’d learned with all the search activity the station had seen a surge in business from out-of-towners. It was along shot, but as long as we had a few weeks of video we should review it.’
I also wanted to know the status of Pacifico Blaze. The freighter was carrying the two tactical RVs Sam Powell was supplying to a still unknown government Intelligence agency. I couldn’t get it out of my mind that he was an arms dealer, and that business would involve the type of criminals capable of kidnapping and murder.
I heard Mandy calling my name; I hollered through the deck screen slider where I was. She came out onto the deck carrying a small sheaf of paper. She sat down across from me and slid the documents across the table as she glanced at my near empty glass. 
“Georgia has County Coroners and a State Medical Examiner. I looked at a listing of town officials in Springer Mountain Georgia, there’s none listed. The area near the mountain is all County land. The County has a coroner,” she said with authority.
“That means the not only the accident report on Powell’s second wife’s death is false on how it described the car damage, the person signing off as Town Coroner is also false,” I told her.
“Do you have the accident report? Can I see it?” she asked.
I went through my file, found it and handed it to her. She studied the photos of the car first, then read the report.
“This is a terrible report” She exclaimed when she finished reading. “All it says it her car hit a tree, she’s dead, there were no skid marks, and she was drunk. How can a cop get away with submitting something like this?” asked with a look of amazement.
“Who is this that submitted it? Who is Harper Ferris?” she asked.
“If you look next to his name, he identifies himself as Town Constable,” I answered.
“More like Town Idiot,” she remarked as she stood up. She looked at my glass. “Are you finished with that?”
I picked up the glass and drained it. “I am now,” I said with a smile.
She picked up the empty glass. “I’ll see what I can find out about Mr. Town Idiot,” she remarked as she turned to leave.
“Hey! Freddy and Matt are coming over for a case status meeting. They should be here pretty soon.”
“Oh! Thanks for telling me. Now I’ll have to change,” she said as she started to the kitchen. I didn’t like the look she’d given me.
“You look fine. It’s just Freddy and Matt.” She stopped in her tracks.
“A tee shirt, no bra and these shorts? No, I don’t think so. I’ll change.”
She continued to the kitchen. As she did, I wondered what had gotten into her today. I went to reach for my glass and remembered she’d taken it. Great! Shut off at the bar in my own home.
The bell ringing at the kitchen door pulled me from my pouting. I got up and saw both Freddy and Matt were here. I told them we’d sit out on the deck. As we passed the bar, I asked them if they wanted a beer or soda. They looked at each other, shrugged, and said soda would be fine.
As I started to walk behind the bar, I saw Mandy standing at the entrance from the kitchen; she greeted the guys with hugs. She’d changed into a light blue top and jeans, and taken her hair out of the ponytail it had been in.
“I’ll get those, you guys go sit down,” she said as she put her arm on mine and squeezed between me and the bar.
We went out onto the deck and sat down. A few minutes later Mandy came out carrying two cans of soda, glasses, a glass of what looked like ice-tea, and a refreshed mixed drink for me. She set our drinks on the table in front of each of us.
“Is this a men only meeting, or can I sit in?”
“Of course, you can, c’mon, sit down,” I said as I got up and pulled out her chair for her.”
I started by reviewing the interview of Jimmy Jenkins, and the findings of my review of the car accident that killed Sam Powell’s second wife. That last disclosure caught the attention of both Freddy and Matt.
“Are you  thinking that Sam Powell may have staged the accident to cover up his wife’s murder?” Matt asked.
His question was sobering. I had that idea in my mind, but the accident wasn’t my case. It seemed too many irrelevant occurrences in Sam Powell’s personal life had become a distraction to concentrating on finding Courtney.
I answered I’d notify the Georgia authorities of my suspicions
I explained my visit to the Byronham encampment, and the discovery of potential evidence found by Old Joe, the bloodhound. Matt and Freddy’s reactions were those of surprise and disbelief we’d gotten lucky.
“So that means Courtney wasn’t killed up on the trail and her kidnapper somehow got her down to the road?” Matt asked.
“Yeah. But that’s where the trail stops,” I answered. The area’s rural, there are no traffic cams, the kidnapper could have taken her anywhere.”
‘Wait a  minute,” Freddy interjected. He sat up in his chair. “This doesn’t compute. First of all, how did the kidnapper know where Courtney and her friend were on the Trail, and second, how did he know where to stage the escape car close to a path where he could get her off the trail?”
I looked over at him. “I’ve been asking myself that over and over. It makes little sense.”
“Didn’t I hear Rich say she had a cellphone and they’ve been pinging it?” Matt asked.
“Yeah, and there’s been no signal since she went missing.”
I took a long drink from my glass; the taste surprised me. Mandy had mixed a perfect VO and coke. I looked over at Freddy who was leaning over the table, his head in his hands. He had a distant look.
“Wait a minute,” he said. “You just said they’d been pinging it after she went missing. What about before she went missing?”
Matt, Mandy, and I looked at each other totally perplexed. What was Freddy talking about?”
Before I could ask, he continued.
“Look, the only ways the kidnapper could have known the exact spot where the girl was would be if he was following them, or he had a way to track them electronically. Rule out, he was following them.  There’s no logical way he could have hidden the car in advance to have it where you found the tracks if he was following them on the trail. 
So far I was following his logic.
I looked over at Rich and Mandy, their eyes were locked on Freddy.
“Now, if he was following them electronically, he would have had to sneak a transponder somewhere in their camping equipment. When you calculate the odds, logically it would have been practically impossible.”
We nodded our agreement.
“The most logical assumption is that he was tracking them by pinging either hers or the boyfriend’s phones. There’s a way to see if that’s what happened.”
“There is?” I asked, my skepticism obvious in my voice.
Freddy leaned back into his chair and crossed his arms, “Yeah.”
“How do you do that?” Matt asked.
Freddy launched into a tutorial on how cell systems work, doing his best to keep in in layperson terms. The bottom line as I understood it was, every activity on our cell phones is recorded in a massive network of databanks. Like all computer systems, that data is archived. What Freddy was suggesting was that we probe that database for evidence the phones had been pinged before the State Police began doing it. At least that’s what I thought he’d said, and it raised some questions in my mind. 
“Okay, I think I understand. I have two concerns. First, what do you need to do that? And second, if you do that without a search warrant, which we don’t have any time for, I don’t think that’s legal.”
“To answer your first question, I need both the girl’s and boyfriend’s cell numbers. When I get them, I’ll need to call Frank back in Boston to get him to run the numbers to see who the carriers are. Once he get’s that, he can give me the keycode encryptions I need to get into their systems.”
“To your second concern, this is a life-or-death situation. I think we should just do it and justify it later. What do you want me to do?”
I looked at Matt and then Mandy. Simultaneously, we answered.
“Do it.”
“Okay, I’ll need the phone numbers. You work on that. I’ll call Frank and tell him to stand by at our office.”
Freddy pulled out his cellphone. As he was dialing, Matt quietly asked, “Who’s Frank?”
I explained he was Frank Parris, Freddy’s FBI partner in the covert cyber operations unit in Boston. He seemed to not understand. “He’s another black bag guy.”
Matt got it. I called Rich Prince, reaching him at the murder crime scene his detectives were working. I told him I needed Jimmy and Courtney’s cell phone numbers.
He gave me the name of a detective who was at the Lee barracks who had access to the case file and would help me, adding that he’d call him right now to alert him to expect my call. I hung up and planned on waiting a few minutes.
I asked Freddy if he’d brought his laptop with the gas station video as I’d asked. He said he did; it was in his car. 
I said I needed to view the entire video, looking to see if we could pick up any leads from the people who had stopped there before Jimmy Jenkins had gone to the hardware store. I asked if that would interfere with  his phone ping research. He said no, he’d use another laptop he had with him.
Freddy looked over at Mandy.
“You okay? You’re so quiet,” he asked.
“Yeah, I’m alright. Today was just a downer. I crashed my drone and broke one of the propellers.”
Ah! Her remark explained the mood she’d been in earlier, I realized.
“Propeller? Mandy, your drone doesn’t have a propeller,” Freddy said with a grin.
“Yeah, you know. One of those things that spins around. I broke one of them when I landed it too fast.”
“Oh! You mean the rotor. Okay, that happens, they’re replaceable. Did you look in the parts box?”
“What?”
“You know, the accessory kit we bought when we…,uh, oh.”
Freddy stopped speaking when he saw the look I was giving Mandy. She looked down at the table.
“Hey, I’m sorry, I thought Daryl…”
I interrupted him. “Freddy, I should have known her drone had your fingerprints on it” I smiled. “Can it be fixed?”
“Yeah, I think I saw two spare rotors in the kit. All she needs is a small wrench. I’ll grab my tool bag.”
He got up and went out to his car. Mandy was smiling. The smile turned to a grin as Matt said he’d change out the rotor for her. I sat there watching this show unfold but kept quiet. We were working a life-or-death case. Every minute that passed was heightening the urgency for us to find Courtney alive. I needed Mandy to  help with the research, but she needed a clear mind. If fixing her new toy would do that, I had to go with the flow.
Freddy returned with his two laptops and canvass tool bag. Matt said he’d handle the drone repair as he picked up the bag, Freddy set up the video for me to watch. As I waited, I called Rich’s detective, who provided me with the two cell phone numbers he needed.
Freddy said he needed a place to work, I told him to use the family room coffee table. Matt and Mandy went out to the kitchen to do the drone repairs. I sat at the patio table and pressed the play icon on the laptop.
 Finally, I was actively investigating again. I had begun to feel like Rich Prince did when he almost stroked out during the trail search.
As soon as I began watching, I realized there were long gaps between activity on the three cameras Angelo was using. Two cameras viewed the gas pumps to record license plates of cars getting fuel, the third viewed customers in the cashier / mini-mart space. I was impressed. The images were crisp and in color. It was a slow process. I toggled between fast forward and play when I saw activity.
I could hear Freddy on his phone in the family room, I assumed he had Frank Paris on the line.
After about a half-hour of my review, my cellphone beeped. I looked and saw it was Damian. I let his call go to phone mail.
After another fifteen minutes of watching what I assumed were regulars stopping at the station, I saw the place was getting busier, but the customers all looked like locals. I needed a break and pressed pause. I went into the family room to check on Freddy.
“How’s it going?” I asked.
He looked up. “Good, I think. I got into the carrier’s system; it was a little tricky. I had to bypass a firewall that they must have added recently. I’m in now, its processing my query. This is going to take a little while.”
I asked if he wanted anything. He picked up glass; the soda looked flat.
“I could go a fresh one, this looks like it’s had it.”
I got him a fresh can of soda and went out to the kitchen to check on Mandy and Matt.
“He did it!” she said with a grin as she saw me.” The nut that holds it on was stuck, but he got it off without breaking it.”
I looked at Matt. He had small beads of perspiration on bis brow.
“Remind me never to buy my kid one of these for Christmas,” he said as he wiped his brow with a handkerchief. 
“How’s Freddy making out?” he asked. I said he was working on it, but it would take a while. 
“What are you working on?” Mandy asked as she lifted the repaired drone and moved it over to the counter by the sink.
I answered I was reviewing the gas station video we’d seized with the search warrant. I was surprised she didn’t ask any questions.
 She picked up her drone and headed toward the deck. Matt shrugged as we watched her leave.
He joined me on the deck to continue reviewing the video, stopping on the way to grab a can of soda from the bar fridge. Settled in at the table, we watched without talking.
After about ten minutes, suddenly I saw something I wasn’t expecting. I slammed my finger down on the pause button and stared at the still frame. Matt leaned in for a closer look.
“You recognize them?” he asked. I didn’t immediately answer.
I stared at the man and woman who’d just entered the station mini mart; especially the woman. She was tall, tanned, long dark hair, and wearing skin-tight jeans and sunglasses. She was almost falling out of the low-cut blouse she was wearing. 
The man with her was white, muscular build, short-sleeve shirt, his arms heavily tattooed. I could only see a three-quarter profile of the woman, nothing of the man’s face. He was looking down, as if he was consciously avoiding the camera.
I looked over at Matt.
“What? You recognize them?” he asked.
“I’m not sure, but that could be Sam Powell’s  fiancée.”
“Are you shitting me?” Matt asked, his eyes wide in surprise.
“I’m not sure. Where’s the printout Mandy made of Powell and her at the charity event,” I said as I rustled through the case file folder. 
“Here. Here it is.” I said as I looked at the photo and slid it over to him. “You tell me.”
He stared at the photo and back at the screen several times.
“I can’t tell. The sunglasses are throwing me off. But look at the chest on her! Can’t miss those! They sure look the same.”
I got up and quickly went out to the bar, returning with a pencil. I wrote down the timestamp in the corner of the still frame for reference. I did the best I could to slowly advance the video, one or two frames at a time. I could feel my heart starting to race, my fingers tensing. I wasn’t seeing a full front view of the woman; the man was now conspicuously avoiding the camera as the woman approached the counter to speak with the clerk.
“Stop! Right there!” Matt called out. I hit pause. The frame showed the woman full face, but she was wearing the damn sunglasses. She seemed to reach into her purse.
“Damn sunglasses. I can’t be sure.”  
“Look at her hand! Look at the ring! Those are diamonds, and the center stone is big,” Matt called out as he brought his finger up to the screen. He picked up the newspaper photo and held it up to the screen for comparison.
“See it?” he asked excitedly. “It looks like the same ring to me.”
I told him I agreed as I glanced up at the video from the gas pumps in the small screen on the upper left of the monitor.
“I don’t see their car, do you?”
“No. Click on the gas pump camera, that should bring us to full screen,”
I did as he suggested. The view changed, as he’d said. At the right edge of the frame, we could see what appeared to be the front fender of a white car.
“Damn! I can’t tell from that what kind of car it is, can you?”
‘No, there’s not enough to even guess, but it could be a mid-size.”
I reversed the video frame by frame. The car never came into full view of the camera.
“Looks like they pulled up in front of the service bay door. Go back to them inside the store. Let’s see what they do,” he suggested. 
I clicked on the store interior scene and advanced the video frame by frame. We watched the unknown couple have a conversation with the young man behind the counter; he points to his left and walks out of view. Thirty seconds later, he appears behind the counter with Angelo Ferrar.
We watched his conversation with the pair. It lasted for about two minutes. From the way Angelo was pointing to his left, my guess was he was giving them directions. Another minute passes and they exit the store. I noted during the entire interaction the male never looked in the camera’s direction.
I clicked on the outdoor gas pump camera to bring it to full screen. We glimpsed the man quickly pass into and out of view. I assumed they were going back to the car. We watched another minute of video. The camera didn’t capture the car leaving.
I bought the video back to the frame picturing the best view of the woman.
I got up from the table. “I need Mandy to look at this to see what she thinks.”
  I went over to the railing and saw she was standing on the grass at the far side of her garden, flying her drone. It was amazing how quiet it was, unlike the large drones used at the search scene. I called out to her.
She turned and looked at me; I waved for her to come closer. I watched as she brought the craft into a slow, but ultimately safe landing. She set the controller on the grass and walked closer to the deck.
“Hey! I think we found something. I need you to see it.” She looked at me with surprise.
  She came up the stairs onto the deck. She had one simple question. 
“What?”
I took her by the arm, brought her over to the table, and pulled out a chair for her to sit. I sat down next to her; Matt turned the laptop to face her.
“Is that who I think that is?” I asked.
She leaned in for a closer look but didn’t answer. She looked up at me, then Matt. He gave her the copy of the newspaper photo of Sam Powell and his fiancée.
“Look at the ring; the stones,” he said. “Look at her. They’re big. That’s the same ring, isn’t it?”
She looked at him for a few seconds, then shifted her eyes to the video.
“Mine are bigger,” she answered.
She looked over at me; I was grinning. For an instant, she didn’t realize the innuendo of her remark. Then she got it. She made a fist and gently punched my arm; a slight blush colored her cheeks. Matt looked down at the table, trying unsuccessfully to hide a grin.
“Is that Sam Powell’s girlfriend?” I asked her.
“I can’t be positive with her wearing those glasses, but that body is hers. Didn’t you say this film is from the  gas station you went to? What’s she doing there? And who’s that guy she’s with? That’s not Courtney’s father.”
“What date is that on the time stamp up in the corner? I asked Matt.
“July 12th. That’s before the kidnapping, no?”
“What’s today’s date?”
“Today’s the 23rd,” Mandy answered.
“So, they were at the gas station what? Four days before Courtney was kidnapped? Is that right?” I asked.
Matt took out his cellphone and looked at a calendar app.
“Yeah, exactly. Four days before she was snatched.”
The three of us exchanged looks.
“Do you know how to send the screen shot to Mandy’s printer?” I asked Matt. From the look on his face, I didn’t think so.
“Freddy?” I called out.
“What? he hollered from inside the family room.
“We need your help!”
He came out to the deck and looked at the laptop. The frame was on pause picturing the woman standing facing the station cashier.
“Whoa! Who’s the hottie?” he immediately asked, leaning over, obviously noting the woman’s striking appearance
“We think it’s Sam Powell’s newest fiancée.”
“WHAT? What the hell was she doing in Byronham?” he asked.
“That’s the million dollar-question, my friend. I don’t know, but we’re going to find out. We need to send that to Mandy’s printer. Can you do that?”
“Can I do that?” he asked, shaking his head to mock the question. He reached over and pressed two keys on the laptop. “Done!” He looked over at me. “Anything else?”
“Uh, yeah. Two copies, please.”
He obliged my request without comment.
“How are you making out with the ping search?” I asked as he started to walk away. He stopped and turned toward us. His look was suddenly serious.
‘Somebody pinged her phone a half dozen times before she was kidnapped.”
“WHAT?” all three of us asked at once.
“WHO? Who was pinging it?” I asked in disbelief.
“I don’t know. I just sent a query to find out. That’s going to take a while for the system to sort through the data.”
“You mean you can find out who did that?”  
As soon as I asked, I realized I shouldn’t have.
He gave me a look that said, “Hey. This is what I do. Give me some time. I’ll give you your answers.”
I raised my hand to stop any response that was forming in his brain. “ See what you can do. Thanks.”
He went back into the family room.
“Do you believe that?” Matt asked after Freddy had left.
“Yeah, I do. But I’ll feel a lot better if he can tell us who was doing it. In the meantime, though, we’ve got to find out what the conversation was that Angelo had with these two,” I said, nodding at the image on the laptop screen. “And we have to find them.”
 I looked at my watch. It was five-twenty.
“You’re going out now?” Mandy asked. The look on her face was telling me she was nervous. Matt seemed to sense the same thing from her tone. He excused himself, saying he needed to call his wife Kristin and let her know he’d be late. He went into the family room. I looked over at Mandy.
“Hey. I know I’ve messed up your entire day, but we’ve got to find Courtney. Every minute that goes by heightens the risk we might not find her in time,” I offered in explanation.
“In time for what?” Mandy asked flatly. I saw fire in her eyes.
“Before he kills her? He’s had her for what, a week now? You saw her picture. You know what he’s probably doing to her. I’m not stupid. Just because I don’t want you to go and maybe get hurt, or worse, doesn’t mean I don’t understand why you’re doing it. I think you better go in the bedroom and put your gun on.” She looked away from me. As I stood there, I saw her shoulders shaking. She was scared.
She swung her head around to look at me. “Go! Go get your gun!” she yelled as she pointed toward the bedroom wing of the house. She quickly turned away. I didn’t want to leave her like this, but I had to.
As I passed through the family room, Freddy and Matt were sitting on the sofa. They had to have heard Mandy’s outburst. They looked at me but said nothing.
I opened the gun safe in my closet, pulled out my Sig Sauer nine-millimeter and slid a magazine into the grip. Pulling the slide back, it racked a round into the chamber. As I flipped the safety on, I grabbed two extra loaded magazines, dropping one in each side pocket of my pants. I pulled the shirttail out from inside my belt so that the weapon was concealed and headed back to say goodbye to Mandy.
As I passed through the family room, Freddy was hunched over his laptop.
“Anything?” I asked.
He shook his head no.
I went out to the deck, Matt was standing next to Mandy, she was on a cellphone. He stepped in front of me, facing away from her.
“She’s talking to Kristin. I called and told her what’s going on and that Mandy’s getting upset about the case. She said she’ll come over and stay with her until we get back.” he explained. I thanked him.
Mandy finished the call and handed the phone to Matt. “Thank You. Kristin’s coming over. I’ll be fine,” she said.
She got up from her chair gave me a hug and a kiss.
“Please,  be careful. Both of you.”  
We went out to Matt’s car, an unmarked Ford Taurus. As I slid into the passenger’s seat it was much less conspicuous than Rich Prince’s unmarked State Police cruiser, and much more comfortable. 
There was no dash mounted computer terminal crowding the center console, or a vertical floor mounted shotgun holder to bang my knee against.
As he drove, I thanked him again for having his wife stay with Mandy. He waved me off.
“Mandy’s pretty strong from what I’ve seen in the short time I’ve known her.”
I agreed with him, but in my mind I knew I was pushing her to this limit on this case. She seemed to take Courtney’s disappearance personally. I had that thought in the back of my mind when we were at the search site the first day, but I’d suppressed it.
I appreciated Mat’s concern and felt I owed him an explanation.
“You know that when I met Mandy in Vermont, I was working on a case that branched off into an investigation into the murder of a close friend of hers. Suzanne. Her name was Suzanne. She was about the same age as Courtney, and from what I’d heard just as beautiful. I think this case is bringing back some terrible memories.” 
Thankfully, Matt didn’t press the matter. 
He already knew my original case in Vermont was the shooting of Judge Forrest Moran at his Courthouse. The Judge and his wife Lindsey moved down to Stockbridge after he recovered and opened a law office in the center of town. He had met them both.
We headed to Byronham, the rest of the ride without talking, instead listening to the Sheriff’s Department radio messages. It was a far cry from the police activity I was used to when I was working in Boston. Here in Berkshire County, the calls were mainly traffic related and the occasional response to alarms and medical assists. That contrast in police activity made Courtney’s kidnapping so shocking.
As we came into Byronham, Matt explained Angelo Ferrar probably wouldn’t be at the garage at this hour, but he lived next door. We might catch him and his wife at dinner. Sorry about that, I said to myself.
When we arrived at the gas station, Matt turned into the driveway. The gas pumps were dark. There was a sign on the service bay door that said it was closed. He swung back onto the road and took a quick right into Angelo’s driveway. The house was as I expected it to be. Right out of the 1950s, just as his garage appeared.
Angelo answered Matt’s knock on the door with a look of surprise on his face. In an instant, the look changed to worry.
 Matt was quick to explain we were just following up on people we’d seen on his video who had been to his station but didn’t look like village residents.
Angelo invited us in, his wife had come to the door, he introduced us to her. I apologized if we were interrupting dinner. 
Mrs. Ferrar explained she had just started preparing it, and excusing herself, went back into the kitchen.

 Matt and I sat down in a large beige Chesterfield style sofa. Despite its age, it was extremely comfortable, as I found out when I settled into the cushion and sank down to a level my knees were almost even with my waist.
I showed Angelo the photo of the man and woman we were interested in. Although it had been two weeks since he’d seen them, he readily recalled their conversation.
“Oh yeah! The actress and her boyfriend. Even an old man like me couldn’t forget a looker like her! Imagine that. A genuine Hollywood movie star stopping at my station!”
I looked over at Matt, amused by Angelo’s comment.
“Oh! Did she tell you who she was?” I asked.
He thought for a moment. “You know, now that I think about it, I don’t think she did. Maybe, but I can’t remember if she did.”
“That’s okay. How did you know she’s a movie star? Did she say that?”
He thought for a moment.
“Well, let me think. She said she was going over a script she’d been offered for a film. Said it was an outdoors story, and she was looking for a short-term rental for a week or two to get a feel for what her character would feel like living in the country. I told her I didn’t have anything like that, but I told her about Noel Royce’s cabins up next to the Cobble. He rented out small cabins on his property until his wife died a couple of years ago. I told her she might want to check with him, so I gave them directions.”
I looked over at Matt. I was drawing a blank on what the Cobble was. He sensed my confusion.
“The Cobble’s a couple hundred acres at the base of the Appalachian Trail. Years ago, it was a popular spot for short-term hikes, and for Trail hikers to take a rest. He rented the cabins for cheap. No utilities or anything, basically just a roof over their heads. Since his wife died, our Deputies on patrol have made periodic welfare checks on him, He’s known as a fixture around these parts,” he explained.
“Yeah, you can say that again. He stops by the station once a month, never buys gas, I guess he doesn’t go anywhere anymore. I check his oil, the air in the tires. He has a cup of coffee with me and we shoot the breeze if I’m not busy” Angelo said.
“Come to think of it, I haven’t seen him this past few weeks. He said his hip was bothering him, and he was walking with a cane the last time I saw him.”
I looked over at Matt, he didn’t have any questions. I thanked Angelo for the information, adding, “Well I guess that clears that up.”
He showed us to the door.
As soon as we got into his car Matt looked over at me and asked, “Noel’s house?” I nodded my head yes
















































Chapter 15

Ten minutes later, Matt turned into the gravel driveway at Noel Royce’s house. It was a small, white, time worn cottage set back from the State road far enough that you could easily miss it when you drove by.
The bushes lining the road in the front were overgrown, a handmade wooden sign that read ‘Cabins For Rent,’ weathered to the point it was almost unreadable, dangled from a wooden stake driven into the ground at an angle. A battered, rusted mailbox on a metal pole had the hand painted now faded word ‘Royce.’
“Oh, man. This place has really gone downhill since he lost his wife. Sad to see that,” Matt reflected as he came to a stop in front of a small wooden carport. The roof was partially caved in, leaning dangerously close to the roof of an old Mercury sedan parked under it.
“His car’s here. He should be inside,” Matt said as he got out of the car. As we walked up to the porch, he commented, “The cabins are down there to the left, about a half mile. You can’t see them from the road,” as he pointed to what remained of an old gravel road, now overgrown with tall weeds.
 “Huh! Looks like somebody’s been through there recently from the tracks that matted down the grass.”
As I put my weight on the last step before the porch, I heard the wood crack and felt it giving way. I reached back and grabbed Matt’s arm to catch me from falling through.
“Be careful! This wood is badly rotted. You all right?” 
I nodded yes. Matt went to the door and knocked. There was no response. He knocked again, this time forcefully calling out, ”Noel! Sheriff’s Department! You in there, Noel?” Again, no response.
I peered through a window to the right of the door. It was covered with dirt on the outside. I rubbed it with my hand to clear some of it away and peered inside. I couldn’t see in because of the sun’s reflection on the glass. I squinted, pressing my face close to it. Then I saw him.
“Matt! He’s lying on the floor!”
He tried the door; it was locked. He stepped back and rammed his shoulder into it, forcing it open. We both rushed inside. Noel Royce was lying face down, the back of his head covered with dry blood. A small, bloodied brass table lamp was lying nearby, the broken lampshade spattered with bloodstains on the floor a few feet away.
Matt quickly reached out to roll him over. His body was cold and rigid. His bloodied face was badly bruised, the pockets on his baggy overalls were turned inside out. The odor of death was heavy in the air.
Matt stood up. “He’s dead.”
I quickly glanced around the living room. A TV table was knocked over, an old fabric covered recliner was awkwardly positioned a few feet away. The same conclusion came to Matt and me as we instinctively pulled out our guns. Noel Royce had been beaten to death.
Matt signaled me to be quiet, holding his index finger up to his lips. He nodded toward a hallway leading toward the back of the house. We cautiously walked down it, stopping and peering into two bedrooms, one on each side. We checked the kitchen and a small bathroom. Noel was alone in the house. We holstered our weapons. Matt looked over at me.
“Those son of a bitches killed him,” he said angrily. “Why? He had nothing. He never bothered anybody. He was just living out his days alone.”
I could see from Matt’s reaction Noel wasn’t just a murder victim to him, he’d been a friend.
“I’ve got to call this in,” he said as he reached for his cellphone and headed for the porch. I followed him. Before he sent the call I put my hand on his arm.
“Wait a minute. We have to think this through.”
“We have to call this in. Wait? Wait for what? This is a murder scene,” he protested.
“Yeah, I know, but we have to be careful what we do if the kidnapper has Courtney up in one of the cabins. We don’t want to force him to do something stupid.”
“But this is a murder scene. We don’t know they’re up there,” he protested.
“I know that, but look over there,” I said, pointing to the matted down vegetation on the old road leading to the cabins. “Someone drove a car up there recently. Why would they do that?”
Matt seemed  not to be following me.
“I think Powell’s girlfriend and the guy she was with killed him,” I explained. “They talked to Angelo about a cabin, he sent them up here. Why do you think they needed a cabin close to the Trail?”
He looked at me for a moment.
“Are you actually thinking they have the girl up there in one of them?” he asked. “And they killed Noel so he wouldn’t be a witness?”
“Yeah, I do. We’ve got to get up there without them knowing we’re here. We need backup here fast. But we need a silent approach. If they’re up there, we can’t let them know we’re on to them.” He quickly turned and looked at the old road.
“Okay. What do you want to do?” he asked, turning back to me.
“Where did you say the cabins are?”
“About a quarter, maybe half-mile up the road.”
“Can you see them from the road out front?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t been back in there in years. I remember they were set back a way, but everything has overgrown since then. Hell, I don’t even know if they’re still standing. I don’t think you can see them from the road. Why?”
“How many cabins are there, do you know?”
“I can’t remember. Four, maybe five.” He paused. “We have to do something.”
“Yeah, I know. I’m thinking.” I carefully stepped off the porch to avoid the rotted section and stood on the grass.
“How soon can you assemble your Emergency Response Team?”
“Twenty, thirty minutes.”
I thought out loud. “Thirty minutes to get them on the road, another twenty minutes to get here. We’re talking an hour. It would have to be an absolute silent approach. No lights, no sirens, no racing up here. Listen. Hear how quiet it is here? Any heavy traffic will echo right across this valley. If they’re up there, they’ll hear it. We need your guys here fast but quietly. You think that’s doable?”
He didn’t answer, as he turned and again looked at the old road.
“Do you really think they have her up there?” he asked again.
I hesitated. Everything we were seeing pointed to that.
“We won’t know unless we look. Let me call Rich and run it by him. We’re going to need some of his people to help us.”
I dialed his cell. He answered after a few rings. I asked where he was; he answered he was at home in Lee. It took several minutes for me to explain the situation Matt and I were in and what my plan was.
His only response was, “What do you need?”
After a brief conversation, he said he’d assign four troopers to work with us and he’d come to the scene and act as liaison with Matt. 
We discussed my concern that the activity to stage the backup officers and Matt’s Department ESU team at Noel’s house would attract attention before we were ready to search the cabins. We agreed to move the staging area to the Trail search encampment. I realized that would attract the attention of the hikers who were still camping there. There was the risk some of them might take to social media to report the activity, but there was nothing we could do about it. I ended the call to Rich.
I explained the conversation with Matt; he agreed with the plan. He went back inside Noel’s house and with his cell phone took a few photos of the body and surrounding room.
He’d found the body; the case would belong to his Department. The scene would be processed by Sheriff’s evidence technicians. We knew the activity would attract attention, but it would have to wait until we executed the cabin searches.
I turned and looked in the direction where the cabins were. The surrounding land next to Noel’s yard was heavily overgrown with brush. The lawn itself looked as if it hadn’t been mowed in weeks. I noticed an old Craftsman riding mower on the side of the house. Judging from a path of shorter grass and weeds trailing it, it looked as if the machine had broken down or ran out of gas and was left there.
I walked a short distance along the abandoned dirt road that led to the cabins. It was deeply rutted, but there were obvious tire marks and matted down weeds, showing a car or truck had recently travelled on it. I squatted down and stared at the tracks. I noticed it appeared there were two sets; one leading in and another along the left shoulder, suggesting the car came back out. I turned and saw the exit tracks appeared to turn onto the gravel driveway.
Matt came out of the house wiping his eyes and nose with a handkerchief.
“Augh! It’s getting ripe in there. I hate to leave him like that,” he said as he distanced himself from the open front door and porch.
“Let’s take a ride along the front of his property,” I suggested. “I want to see if we can get a look at the cabins from the road.” Matt readily agreed. He looked like he would do anything to stay out of that house.
We got in his car. Fortunately, there was no other traffic as we crept along, peering into the thick underbrush along the shoulder. We travelled about half a mile; I couldn’t see the cabins. Suddenly, I noticed something.
“Hold it!” I called out.
“What?”
I didn’t answer as I opened the door and stepped out. Amongst the heavy underbrush was an opening. It was a dirt road, or at least the remnants of one, that led up a berm in the terrain toward where we thought the cabins were. Matt stepped out of the car and joined me.
“I’ll be damned.” he said. “There’s another road to the cabins. Driving by, you’d miss it.”
“Yeah,” I grunted as I looked closer. “Somebody drove through here recently. See how the brush and weeds are matted down?”
Matt hit me on the arm. “C’mon, let’s get out of here before we’re spotted.” We quickly went back to the car, Matt drove off. After a minute he asked, “Where to?”
I told him to head to the search scene encampment. As he drove, we didn’t talk. A million thoughts were racing through my mind.
If Courtney was in a cabin, was she alone? Was she dead? Who was the guy with Sam Powell’s fiancée? Was she up there with him? They could have been there for a week. How are they getting food? Why would they be keeping Courtney alive? Had there been more ransom calls that Powell wasn’t telling us about? Why did they kill Noel Royce? If they’d kill once, would they do it again? I had questions, but no answers. I didn’t like the feeling.
As we pulled into the encampment. I was surprised to see the National Guard was still keeping tight security around the scene. We’d attracted an incredible number of media types when the kidnapping story first broke, I’d hoped things would have settled down.
I looked around and saw Staff Sergeant Will Collins. He spotted us and walked over.
“Hey guys, to what do we owe the honor?” he asked as he shook our hands.
I glanced at Matt. What we were planning on doing required absolute confidentiality, but the activity we were going to bring in here would have to be explained. I trusted Sergeant Collins.
I gave him the short version of how the investigation had brought us to this point. 
If he was trying to conceal his shock, he was failing. When I finished explaining what we were preparing to do, he stared at me.
“You mean to tell me that after everything we’ve all gone through here this week, she’s been less than three miles away all the time?”
“That’s what I’m gambling on,” I answered.
“Okay, what do you need from us?” he asked.
I explained my biggest concern was not to have the hikers get frightened when our back up teams started arriving. He agreed to spread the word to his Guardsmen that this was an unannounced training exercise. I had doubts they would buy that, but I kept my thoughts to myself.
The Sergeant was quiet. He looked as if he had something on his mind.
“Something bothering you?” I asked.
“Bothering me? Yeah. I’m concerned about something you said. You told me there’re cabins up in the woods, but you can’t get a look at them to see if there’s anyone in them. You’re gonna be going in blind. Is that a smart move?”
I agreed with him and said unfortunately we didn’t have any other options.
“We’ll maybe I can help. I still have our two recon drones here. They’re at your disposal.”
I thought it was a brilliant suggestion, but it had one very serious flaw. His drones were large and extremely noisy. If they were to do a flyover with their cameras, and the kidnapper was in the cabin, he’d be sure to hear them. I explained my concern.
“Yeah, your right,” he said with dejection. 
“But wait a minute. What about the drone your wife just bought? It’s top of the line and ultra quiet. I showed her how to fly it, it’s as maneuverable as ours, and the camera is high definition with a zoom lens, infrared sensing and night vision. We could get  it up over the cabins at a high altitude and use the camera to scope everything out.”
I admired his out of the box thought, but begged off, saying we’d already had to make a repair on it because Mandy had a problem controlling it.
“Hell, I flew it and was impressed how it handles. I’ll control it on a flyover it that will help. I really don’t think you guys should go in there blind.”
I looked over at Matt. He was waiting for my answer.
“All right. I’ll call Mandy. Maybe Freddy’s still at the house and he can drive her up here with it. I’ll call her right now.
“Wait a minute,” Matt said as he reached out his hand to stop me.
“I’ll call our HQ  and mobilize our Emergency Response Team and have them stand by. I want to talk with their Team Leader and make sure he knows we need a rapid but silent response up here. I’ll put our crime scene team on standby. When we make our move on the cabins they can start the investigation at Noel’s house.”
“Okay.”
“I’ll have them dispatch a deputy over to your place and have him  pick her and Freddy up, if he’s there. He can get them here Code 3 and back down as he gets close.” 
“Okay.”
“And don’t take this wrong, but I think Mandy’s a little fragile right now over all of this. Kristin is with her, right? I’ll call and let her know what’s going on. Is that all right with you?”
“Yeah. Absolutely, thanks.”
It was the last thing I expected I’d be doing this evening, but I called Mandy for help. She answered quickly. Her first words were to ask if I was all right. I assured her I was. 
I was careful what I  said to her, as not to scare her. I quickly explained we may have located where Courtney was being held, and the National Guard asked if they could use her drone for some surveillance. They said hers was smaller and much quieter than theirs, and the mission required stealth. Sgt. Collins would operate it for us. I was grateful when she said she’d charged the batteries and asked where she should bring it.
Matt was standing next to me on his phone, I could overhear him explaining our situation to his wife.
I asked if Freddy was still there. She answered no; he had left, saying he had to call his partner in Boston for some help with what he was working on. 
I asked if Kristin was there, she said yes; she was on her phone with Matt.
I told Mandy a Sherriff’s Deputy was on his way to our house to pick up her, the drone equipment, and Kristin, and bring them to our location in Byronham. 
I breathed a sigh of relief that she wasn’t peppering me with questions. She had only one, just before we ended the call.
“Do you think Courtney’s still alive?”
I told her that’s what we were gambling on. 
Matt and I ended our calls. My next call was to Freddy.
He answered quickly. Before I could explain my situation he spoke.
“I just got it a few minutes ago. I had to call Frank for his help, but we got it. We probably broke a dozen privacy laws, but we did it,”  
“Did what?”
“There were four pings on Courtney Powell’s cellphone last week. Two of them were the evening before she was kidnapped. We traced the origin. Are you sitting down?”
“No.”
“Well, you better. They were all from a cellphone owned by Powell Automotive Enterprises.”
“Are you sure?”
“We’re positive. Frank briefed Damian. He has an agent and one of his attorneys drawing up an administrative subpoena for all cell phones owned by Powell and his businesses. Frank and I want the call records for the past thirty days. We think we can use the calls to trace what cell towers they went through to see if they were made from close to where she was kidnapped. This is going to be an all-nighter for us.”
I was speechless for a few moments. The work these guys had done was incredible.
I told him we had a strong lead on where we thought Courtney was being held near to where she was kidnapped and were putting together an assault team to hit the place tonight. Now it was his turn to be at a loss for words. I told him I’d call and let him know how we made out.
I glanced at my watch. It was a few minutes past seven-thirty. The evening air was warm, the sun was starting to set. Already a faint full moon was making its appearance, The sounds of crickets and peepers were slowly starting to sing mother nature’s nightly lullaby. Even the droning of a diesel generator running on the back of a Guard two and a half-ton truck seemed to have a rhythm. I hoped it wasn’t a funeral dirge.
The Sheriff’s Department Emergency Operations team arrived at the encampment at eight-fifteen, followed a few minutes later by Rich Prince and the deputy transporting Mandy and Kristen. When I saw  them arrive, I walked over to the cars.
Mandy got out of the front passenger’s seat carrying her drone. The deputy opened the rear door for Kristin; she had the drone’s video monitor. The look on both their faces was serious, neither spoke as they looked around and saw the heavily armed ESU team gathering for a briefing. Mandy looked at me. We didn’t talk.
Sgt. Collins had seen their arrival and walked over to greet them. This time, there were no hugs all around. He took the drone from Mandy and quickly ushered them into the Command Tent.
I saw Matt and Rich were looking at a map conferring with each other at a small folding table. Sgt. Collins came out of the tent, he and I walked over to the table.
Rich nodded his greeting at us. Matt looked around, located the ESU Team Leader, got his attention, and waved him over. It was time to lay out my plan. I had about fifteen seconds to put it together in my head.
I explained we would have the Sheriff’s and State Police marked cruisers block off the road half a mile from Noel Royal’s house at both ends. Rich would drop off Matt, Sgt. Collins and me at a midpoint between the roadblocks. Collins would launch the drone to give us a view of the cabins and establish the point ESU would make entry through the woods. We would communicate with each other with portable radios on the Sheriff’s tactical frequency.
Once Collins had pinpointed the cabins, we’d go back to the road and direct the ESU Team to deploy in a perimeter, establishing a point from where they’d start their approach. Matt would give the command to move in. From that moment, the ESU Leader would be in command of the operation.
My last comment to the ESU Team Leader was that the objective was to find Courtney, hopefully alive. If the kidnapper was on the premises, I needed him taken into custody alive
 He looked over at me, his steely eyes were telling me he wasn’t agreeable with me making the shoot-don’t shoot decision. I’d worked with many police assault teams in Boston. I knew where he was coming from.
“Tell your men, if they come under fire, shoot to disable, not kill.” He nodded and walked off to brief his team.
I looked at my watch. Quarter to nine. The sun had set; the full moon was giving us enough light that we wouldn’t be working in pitch black.
It was at that moment the thought came to me that we might be too late to save Courtney.
As Matt folded up the map, I had one more request. I hesitated before I spoke.
“Call the local EMS and have them stage an ambulance up here. Non-emergency.”

 
















Chapter 16

Sgt. Collins unsnapped the locks on the aluminum case to open it as we crouched in the underbrush just off the shoulder of the road.
“This a video transmitter repeater,” he said in a hushed voice as he set up a piece of equipment and extended a tall collapsible antenna. He plugged in a patch cord from it into a USB port on Mandy’s drone’s small monitor.
“I’m sending the video back to the Command Post so they can see what we’re doing.”
He continued working without speaking. In less than two minutes he inspected Mandy’s drone, picked it up and set it down on the road. He energized the rotors. As it idled, he moved back into the underbrush where Matt and I were watching the small monitor. The screen was dark, nothing but the blur of a faint grey light. 
Collins pressed a few buttons, switching the drone cameras to night vision. A light green image appeared. He moved a small joystick; the camera moved, giving us a view down the road. We could make out the trees lining the shoulder. He zoomed the lens in on a tree; I was amazed by the clarity, even in darkness.
He looked out at the idling drone.
“Okay, Baby. Do your thing,” he said as he increased the rotors’ speed and the drone lifted from the road. Incredibly, we were less that ten feet away and could barely hear the whirring sound it made.
He let it hover above the road for a minute, closely watching the monitor in front of us. He called the Command Tent on a portable radio and confirmed they were receiving the video feed.
Sgt. Collins increased the altitude and steered the drone up over the berm above us. We scrambled to take up a position in the brush on top of it. We couldn’t see the silhouette of cabins with the naked eye and lost sight of the drone as it flew further from us.
After a minute, Collins spotted the cabins and steered the drone overhead. There were four of them. In the eerie green light of the night-vision lens, we couldn’t detect any activity on Mandy’s small monitor. As the drone hovered, Collins radioed the Command Post to see if the larger monitor they had detected anything to suggest there were people there. They responded, “No target identified.”
“I’m going to take a chance and bring the drone down low,” he whispered. He added he thought we were standing about two hundred fifty yards to the right of the cabins. Without taking his eyes off the monitor, he pointed up the road to our left. “That’s where ESU should make their entry.”
We watched; our eyes glued to the monitor. “
“Hey! What’s that?” Matt whispered excitedly. “That’s a car parked in back of that cabin.”
I could feel my heart beating faster. Sgt. Collins zoomed the lens in. Matt was right. We couldn’t make out the make or color, but as the Sergeant circled the drone we could see it had four wheels.
“Yeah, that’s a car. Let me take it higher and see which cabin that is,” he said. In a moment he remarked, “It’s the last cabin on the right.”
I was encouraged by the finding. If Courtney was in there, she had to still be alive. Why else would someone be staying there?
As if Matt was reading my mind, he asked, “What do you think? Maybe squatters? Kids using it for a beer party?”
My momentary excitement of finding Courtney alive vanished with Matt’s question. It was something I hadn’t even thought of.
“Let me try something.” Sgt. Collins said. “Let’s see if the infrared lens picks up anything.”
He studied the controller in his hand, holding it close to his eyes to see. He pressed a small, indented button pad. All three of us stared into the monitor, our heads inches apart. We saw a sliver of glow emanating from the side of the cabin. Matt and I looked at the Sergeant.
“I think that’s some kind of light. It’s faint. Could be a candle or lantern near a window, There’s no power up there, is there?” he asked.
“No, no,” Matt answered in a whisper. “Those cabins have been abandoned for years. There’s never been power up there.”
Sgt. Collins looked over at me.
“Well, somebody’s up there,” I said. 
He steered the drone for one last low-level pass over and around the other three cabins, the infrared lens didn’t detect any light. I told him to wrap up his search.
We moved back to the road, crouching until we reached it. Sgt Collins brought the drone back toward our location and made a perfect landing on the pavement. He bent over, turned off the power, and picked up the drone.
 “This thing is sweet. It beats the hell out of our equipment,” he said as he checked its condition, top to bottom. “The government could buy a couple dozen of these for what they spent on one of our drones.” 
The Sergeant quickly packed up his gear. When he finished, we walked up the shoulder of the road to a location where he suggested the ESU team should set up their entry point. He remarked if they headed straight in from there, the cabins would be directly in front of them.
He looked around for a landmark, nothing stood out. Fishing around in his fatigue pants pockets, he pulled out a package labelled as containing a field dressing. He tore open the package and removed the gauze roll. He tied one end to the branch of a bush, the other end, a length of about two feet, he left hanging out toward the road. It looked like the tail of a kite. He stepped back a few feet and looked at it.
“OK, that will be the marker for ESU,” he explained. He handed the portable radio to Matt and asked him to have the Command Post send one of the roadblock cruisers to pick us up.  Matt radioed the request instructing the deputy come down the road without headlights on. He looked over at me.
As we waited, I saw the marker the Sergeant had left was about fifty yards before the second abandoned dirt road that Matt and I had discovered by accident.
“I think we should get ESU started over here. Agree?” he asked.
I agreed and asked him to caution their driver to come in silent with no lights. 
“Okay, I’ll call the Team Leader on his cell and tell him what the entry location  marker is.”
“No. Scratch that. I’m staying here. I’m going in with them. Just get the ESU team here as fast as they can. No overhead lights or sirens.    After they pass through the roadblock, no lights, nothing. I’ll flag them down,” I said.
Matt hesitated for a moment, then radioed my message. He pulled out his cell phone and called the Team Leader. When he finished the call, he told Sgt. Collins he needed to borrow the two-way radio.
“What do you need the radio for?” I asked.
Before he could answer we saw the marked roadblock cruiser slowly coming toward us, his lights were off. It was dark now, but the moon provided enough illumination that he could see us. He rolled to a stop. Matt looked over at me.
“If you’re staying, so am I.”
I wanted to argue with him but hesitated. If something went wrong when ESU stormed the cottage, I didn’t want him risking his life because of me. I told him we had no tactical gear, vests, or even flashlights.
“I’m staying, Noel Royal was my friend,” he said again, his voice firm.
The deputy stepped out of his cruiser.
“I need to borrow your flashlight,” Matt said to him. Without hesitation he reached inside the cruiser and handed it to him
“Here, it’s not much, but it’s bright,” Sgt. Collins said as he pulled a mini-Maglite from his pocket and handed it to me.
“Are you sure you know what you’re doing? Your gonna wait for the SWAT guys, right?” he asked with a worried look on his face.
“Yeah. They’ll be here soon,” I said and thanked him for his help. “You better head back to the Command Post.”
He picked up the drone, the deputy grabbed the equipment case and put it in the back of his cruiser. The Sergeant told us to be careful and left with the deputy. Rich and I scrambled through the brush to the top of the berm and waited in silence for the ESU team.
We were there for about five minutes when we heard a truck’s engine in the distance.
“Sounds like they’re on their way,” Matt whispered. We waited.
Suddenly, we heard something. Matt hit my arm. “Did you hear that?” he whispered.
I strained to listen. Then I heard it. A faint voice in the distance. “Help! Help me!” We looked at each other.
“I think that’s her!” Matt said as he jumped up. He started to run toward the cabins.
We were still about a quarter mile below them on the hillside; I caught up with him and grabbed his arm to stop him. We both took a knee in the tall grass. “Wait! Listen!” I said.
The only sound we heard was from crickets. The we heard it again. Faint, but distinct. “Help! Please!” It was an agonizing plea.
We looked at each other and made our move. 
We raced up the hillside, dodging through patches of brush and thickets, trying to minimize the noise the broken branches were making. We got within the sight of the cabins and took cover behind a large log. 
Rich reached to his side and pulled out the portable radio clipped to his belt.
“Plan B! Plan B!. Need back up ASAP. Last cabin on the right. Look for the marker. Cloth in tree on side of the road. Repeat marker is a cloth on tree.”
Matt’s whispered tone was urgent, but he hadn’t shouted the call for assistance. I looked up at the cabin. I heard what sounded like a screen door banging closed. Pushing Matt down behind the log, I peered over the top of it.
 I saw the flicker of a light. It was more like a match or lighter;  then it disappeared. I squinted as I watched. The moonlight was just bright enough that I could make out the silhouette of someone in front of the cabin. An occasional glowing red glimmer suggested it was someone smoking a cigarette or cigar.
Suddenly, we could hear a car accelerating rapidly on the street,  racing toward us. Then another car at  high speed; this sound coming from the other direction.
 I realized it had to be the two roadblock cruisers. I hit Matt on his shoulder. We took off running to our right, bent over, keeping low, our guns in our hands.
 The ground under our feet was now tall grass. The noise we were making as we ran was a swishing sound as we trampled it down. We made it to about fifty yards from the cabin and ducked down. I could see there was one person standing in front of the cabin. I could smell the odor of cigarette smoke in the gentle breeze.
Suddenly, we heard the screech of tires down on the road, then a second screech. It had to be the roadblock cruisers. The person at the cabin ran out a few yards and appeared to be looking down at the road. In the moonlight I could see it was a man. He was holding a gun in his right hand.
As we came within a hundred feet of him Matt jumped up erect and shined his flashlight at the man’s face “Police! Freeze!” he shouted; his gun pointed at him.
The man whirled around in our direction and fired two rapid shots. One of them ricocheted off something near Matt. I saw him raise his arm to cover his eyes as he stumbled to one knee. I thought he was hit.
I didn’t shout “freeze.” I fired twice.
 I heard the man scream in pain and grab his right hand. He stumbled back as I closed the gap between us. I saw he’d dropped  his gun. Stumbling as he bent over, he made a move for it. 
He grabbed it with his left hand and fired off a wild shot toward the road as he tried to get a steady grip on it. I fired once more, hitting him in his right shoulder. He fell to the ground writhing in pain, blood spewing from the wound. The light-colored pullover shirt he was wearing was rapidly becoming saturated with blood.
 Matt ran up to us, saw the man’s gun and kicked it out of his reach. The ricochet had missed him; he hadn’t been shot. He held the man at gunpoint. 
Suddenly, I saw headlights coming up from the paved road through the brush. A police cruiser was racing toward us at high speed over the abandoned road. The headlights were reflecting wildly in all directions into the night sky as the car bounced over the rugged terrain.
“I’m going inside,” I shouted as I ran toward the cottage. As I went through the front door, the room was pitch black. I yanked the mini flashlight from my pocket and turned it on.
“Police! Courtney! It’s the police. You’re safe now. Where are you?” I shouted. 
“Here! Help me Please!, Please help me!” came a weak cry from the corner of the cabin. I ran towards it, seeing it was a tiny bedroom.
 The flashlight illuminated someone on the bed. It was Courtney. She was alive.
I ran over to her; she was naked, the lower part of her torso was partially covered with a filthy, ratty blanket. The room had a horrible stench of urine. Her arms were tied with cloth to an old brass headboard.
“Please, no! No” she weakly cried out, “Don’t hurt me. Please! No more.” she cried uncontrollably.
I repeated over and over that she was safe now, the police were here. No one would hurt her. Her face was swollen and bruised. Dried blood had formed a ring around her cracked, swollen lips. I saw she had bite marks on her neck and all over her breasts. I instantly knew she’d been viciously raped.
 I  shouted over my shoulder as loud as I could, “I need help in here!”
I kept repeating she was safe now; the police were here, as I frantically pulled at the cloth securing her right arm. It was tightly knotted. I couldn’t untie it and I didn’t have a knife to cut it. 
I heard voices calling out from the front of the cabin.
“In here!, I shouted.
In seconds, two ESU deputies ran into the room. They stopped dead in their tracks, stunned at the girl’s appearance. One of them saw I was 
struggling to untie her hands.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out a Buck knife, quickly cutting her free. I gently lowered her arms to her side and pulled the blanket to cover her upper torso. With the additional light in the room from the deputies flashlights, I could see how badly she was abused.
Her crying stopped for the moment. She was breathing in short gasps. I repeated she was safe now, Back and forth her glassy eyes shifted to look at each of us. It was obvious she was delirious.
“I think she’s in shock,” a deputy said.  
Looked at him, I said we needed an ambulance immediately. He spoke into his radio. I saw several other ESU personnel were crowding the doorway. Pushing his way through them, I saw Matt..
He went over to the other side of the bed and crouched down, a look of disbelief on his face from what he was seeing. He looked over at me.
“The ambulance should be here in a few minutes. What can we do for her until they get here?” he asked.
I looked past him and saw there were now a half-dozen officers crowding the room and doorway.
“Hey guys, we need some privacy. You’ve got to clear out and give her some space,” I said to the group. Each of them was wearing a black pullover face mask to hide their identity, but I could see the anger in their eyes at seeing what had been done to Courtney. Matt stood up and ushered them out, him taking up the rear. I was alone with Courtney.   
From outside I could hear voices, in the distance the wail of sirens getting louder as each second ticked by.
As I turned to look at the door, I was startled by Courtney’s cold hand touching mine. I looked back to her. She was saying something, her voice barely a whisper.
“What Hon? What’s the matter? Do you hurt somewhere?” I asked as I leaned close to her face.
“Jimmy…Jimmy,” she was whispering, barely audible.
“Jimmy? He’s all right. Jimmy’s all right. He’ll see you at the hospital. We have an ambulance coming for you. Do you hurt anywhere?” I softly asked.
She mumbled,” No,” and closed her eyes.
I watched her closely. Her breathing was shallow.
After a few minutes that seemed like a lifetime, a commotion at the room’s doorway caused me to look up. A medic was rushing in carrying his equipment bag, followed by another young man. 
They abruptly stopped at the bedside at the sight of their patient. The medic surveyed the room and took a deep breath.
“Get a blanket from the ambulance, quick! And I need some light in  here!” the medic said to his assistant as he opened his bag and wrapped a stethoscope around his neck. As he reached to pull back the blanket from her chest to check her breathing, Courtney weakly cried out. “No!” Stop!” as she tried to raise her hand to push him away.
I did my best with the mini flashlight to illuminate the bed. He winced as he saw the bite marks.   
I took her hand in mine, telling her it was okay. He was the medic. He was going to help her. I told the medic her skin was ice cold. He ignored me as he gently moved his stethoscope across her chest and listened. As he pulled the scope from his ears, his assistant ran into the room with a sheet, blanket, and a battery powered floodlight.
The medic motioned for me to move back as he reached for the sheet. He fluffed it open and carefully placed one end under her neck. He gently pulled away the ratty blanket covering her, deftly replacing it with the sheet as he did. He tossed the blanket to the assistant who cast it to the side of the room. Next, they covered Courtney with the blanket.
Over the next few minutes, the medic performed a visual exam, asking Courtney questions as he did. She was conscious but barely responsive to him. I looked down at her as she turned her head towards me. She slowly reached out with her hand and dropped it onto mine. 
“It’s okay, Courtney. You’re safe now. No one’s going to hurt you anymore.” She lightly squeezed my hand. That was the first sign she was becoming aware of her circumstances.
The sound of a woman’s voice at the doorway caused the medics and me to quickly look for its source. I saw it was Matt’s wife, Kristen. I breathed a sigh of relief. She was the trauma nurse manager at the Medical Center. Standing right behind her was Mandy.
I stood up quickly. Kristin rushed to the side of the medic and his assistant, Mandy a few steps behind her. I blocked her view, putting my hands on her arms. She stopped.
“Are you all right?” she asked, rushing her words. I told her I was, that we needed to step outside and let Kristin take care of Courtney.
“No!” she sharply answered back. “Courtney needs women right now, not men all around her. I’m staying.” I looked over at Kristin. She nodded her head in agreement. Mandy stepped around me and went to the bedside.
For a moment I stood listening to the medic giving Kristin his report. I heard him say the words “shocky” and “hypotensive.” 
His calm, focused words reinforced the seriousness of her condition. Her kidnapper had come close to killing her.
I didn’t need a medical degree to know Courtney immediately needed to get to the hospital. Kristin took over the triage as Mandy knelt on the other side of the bed, holding Courtney’s hand.
 I walked out of the room, my mini flashlight’s beam guiding me. As I stepped out of the cabin front door, I squinted to shield my eyes from the glare of at least a dozen sets of headlights now illuminating the scene.
I stood there looking at the activity surrounding the man I’d shot. He was being attended by several medical personnel under the watchful eyes of the ESU team.
In all my years as a police detective, and my tenure with the US Attorney’s Office, I’d been in a few situations where guns were pointed at me and I’d even been shot at. This was the first time I had to shoot someone in self-defense.
For a fleeting moment as I reflected on what I’d seen he’d done to Courtney I wished my marksmanship had been more accurate.
We’d rescued Courtney. We’d captured her kidnapper. Now I needed to know why he did it, and why he’d killed Noel Royal. I had a lot of questions to ask him.
The son-of-a-bitch better not die on me.




































Chapter 17

I walked over to where I saw Matt speaking with his boss, County Sheriff Pete Monroe. Rich Prince was on his cellphone a few feet away from them. As I drew close, the Sheriff extended his hand in greeting.
“Nice work, Daryl. The girl’s alive and we have the kidnapper. The boys are telling me you shot the gun right out of his hand. That something you learned in Boston?”
I managed a weak smile but didn’t answer.
The Sheriff’s tone changed to somber.
“I understand he killed Noel Royal. That’s a damn shame. He was a good man and a good friend of mine. He didn’t deserve to die like this.”
Again, I didn’t respond. I didn’t know the Sheriff very well; I’d only met him a few times. In the cases I’d worked with his Department, he always seemed to stay in the background. He had good people working for him, and the Department was well respected in the County. If that was his management style, it was working.
Something bothered me, though. His comment about Noel Royal’s murder made it sound as if he thought it was an open and shut case. We still had to prove the kidnapper was the killer.
I looked over and noticed Freddy was standing behind Rich Prince. I hadn’t recognized him. He was dressed in jeans, a short sleeve gray sweatshirt, sandals, and wearing a Red Sox baseball cap. As I walked over to him, I saw he looked like hell, as if he hadn’t slept.
Before I could talk to him, Rich reached out and handed me his phone.
“It’s Damian Costigan. He wants to speak with you. I’ve filled him in on what went down here.” I took the phone.
“Hey! You found the girl alive! That’s excellent work!” he said in greeting.
“Yeah, we got lucky.”
“Lucky? The one who’s lucky is the guy you shot. Major Prince told me it was pure self-defense. Did you actually shoot the gun out of his hand?”
I paused. I had to be honest.
“Don’t let it get out, but I was aiming at his chest, dead center. So much for my accuracy.”
Damian laughed.
“Your secret’s safe with me. I’m going to call the girl’s father’s lawyer, Emerson Palmer, and tell him you found her alive. Rich said she was raped. What’s her condition?”
“Not too good, She was viciously assaulted. All beat up, bite marks all over. She’s still at the scene being stabilized. She’ll be going to the Medical Center in a few minutes.”
“What about the kidnapper? Who is he? Any connection to the father?”
I explained I hadn’t had a chance to work on his ID, I’d been with the girl all this time. He was quiet for a minute.
“You sure you’re okay? I can send some agents over from Springfield to take over the case if you need some time to de-compress.”
“NO!” I’m all right. Did Rich tell you we think the kidnapper killed the old guy that owns the cabin property?”
“He did. We discussed it. The Sheriff’s Department will do the homicide investigation, the State Police will provide whatever resources thy don’t have. If they have enough to arrest him, they can do that. My inclination is once the dust settles, I’ll step in and bring him up on Federal kidnapping and murder charges. That work for you?”
“Yeah, but I’m not finished with this yet. We have video of the kidnapper travelling with Powell’s new fiancée. She’s not here. I’ve got to find her.”
This time, Damian’s silence was longer.
“Listen. I’m worried about you. You took on an impossible case and worked it. We have the girl back. She’s alive. You just had to shoot someone. My offer stands. I’ll have some agents assigned to work with you.”
I looked over and saw Freddy. “No thanks. I have Freddy here.”
Damian didn’t argue my position, at least for the moment. 
He told me there would have to be an internal investigation for my use of a firearm but assured me from what he’d heard from Rich it would be just a formality.
I saw behind me the medics were bringing Courtney out of the cabin on a stretcher, Kristin and Mandy were following behind. I told Damian I couldn’t talk and ended our conversation, telling him I’d call him this evening.
I walked over to the stretcher, catching up to it just as they arrived at the back of an ambulance. Courtney’s eyes were open, she had two IVs in her arms. The dried blood had been washed from her face. I got close to her; she seemed to recognize me. She whispered two words to me as she reached her hand out to me. I took it into mine.
“Thank You.” 
The medics loaded the stretcher into the ambulance, Mandy came over to me.
“I’m going to the hospital with her. I’ll need you to pick me up there in a little while.”
Mandy had a look I’d never seen before. 
Resolve? Composed? Focused? I couldn’t put a label on it. 
I looked over at Kristin as she handed an IV bag to an attendant. She was watching Mandy and me. With her hand she made a motion that I interpreted as “ don’t press the issue.”
I told Mandy okay; I’d catch up with her in a little while. The ambulance’s rear door slammed shut. It slowly drove off toward the bumpy dirt road leading to Noel Royal’s house.
I looked over and saw the kidnapper was still on the ground, being treated by a second ambulance crew. Matt and Rich came over to me.
“Is he going to live?” I asked.  I realized he’d been down for almost twenty or thirty minutes,  maybe longer. I’d lost all track of time.
“Yeah,” Rich answered. “They’ve stopped the bleeding, but they told me the hand wound is bad. The shoulder shot went clean through. They’re packaging him up for transport right now.”
I looked over at the man. The tattoos on his arms positively identified him as being with Sam Powell’s fiancée at Angelo Ferrar’s gas station.
“Any ID on him?” I asked.
“Ask your Boy Wonder,” Rich said as he turned and nodded at Freddy. He was sitting on the ground, his legs crossed, on his laptop, his work being illuminated by the ESU truck’s headlights. 
Now what is he doing? I asked myself.
I walked over to him. Before I could say anything, without looking up he handed me a driver’s license. It was issued in Georgia to a Billy Ray Sauder, 161 RR4, Tunnel Mountain, Georgia. I’d never heard of the place.
“You look like hell,” I said to him. “What are you doing?”
He kept typing on the keyboard for a few moments before he looked up.
 “I’ve been on the phone all night with  Frank. He’s been running data searches on our main frame in Boston. We’re using a subpoena Damian got us for a list of all cell phones listed to Sam Powell. There’s three of them.” 
“We found the one that pinged the girl’s phone last week, as I told you.  From its incoming and outgoing calls, we’ve narrowed it down to make us think its either Sam Powell’s or his girlfriend’s phone.” 
“By the way, I just cracked the password for Billy Ray’s phone and got into his recent calls. I also took a look at his photo gallery.” I saw the expression on his face changed. I saw hatred in his eyes.
“You don’t want to look at them. He took pictures of the girl as he was raping her. You should have killed that sick piece of shit.”
He held the phone out to me. The first two photos were all I needed to see. I handed it back to him and looked back at Billy Ray lying on the ground. The rage in me was telling me to go over and empty my gun into him. I knew better and fought the urge.
“Now, I’m looking for calls he made to either Sam Powell or this Luciana woman,” Freddy said getting back on track. “Whichever we find he called recently I think will tell us who set her up to be kidnapped. I just sent Frank the query, He’s running it now. I’m waiting for his reply.”
“You said you’ve been up all-night working on this?”
He leaned back and stretched his arms out in a big yawn.
“Yeah,” he said as he shook his shoulders to ward off the sleep.
“Let me ask you something. Were you aiming to shoot the gun out of  his hand?” he asked.
I paused before I answered. “No.”
“ Like I said, you should have killed him.”
“ No. Billy Ray’s gonna live to die another day.”
I went over to Matt and Rich who looked to be having a serious conversation.
“ What’s up guys?” I asked.
Rich explained since the Sheriff’s crime scene team was processing Noel Royal’s murder scene, the State Police Major Crime squad was on the way to process the cabin where Courtney was being held. 
Rich said he already had a detective working on a search warrant for the SUV parked behind it.
“Matt’s guys searched the other cabins, they’re empty. They look like no one’s been in them for a long time,” he added.
“What’s your next move?” he asked me.
I explained what Freddy was working on, and I expected if he could narrow down Powell’s fiancée’s phone, he’d set it up to be pinged.
Rich looked over at Freddy. “Is there anything that kid can’t do?”
“I have a question,” Matt interjected before I could comment.
“If it’s true Courtney’s father received a million-dollar ransom demand, who made it?” He looked over at the kidnapper, who was now being loaded onto a stretcher for transport to the Medical Center. “Him?”
“I don’t know,” I answered. “That’s what has me confused. Who set this up and why?”
“How do you plan on finding out?” .
I looked over at the stretcher that was now being loaded into the back of the ambulance.
“I’m going to go to the Medical Center and ask him.”





































Chapter 18

The trooper who drove me to the Medical Center dropped me off in front of the waiting room. I’d forgotten Matt had picked me up at my house late yesterday afternoon. Now, Mandy and I were both at the hospital, and our cars were at home. Before I left the crime scene, I told Freddy where I was going. He said once he heard from Frank Paris in Boston, he’d come down to the Medical Center and drive us home.
I checked in first at the Security post in the waiting room, producing my Federal credentials. The young woman security guard handed them back to me and directed me to the registration desk. 
I again identified myself, this time to an older woman sitting behind a thick glass window. She looked at my credentials, slid them back to me through the slot at the bottom of the window and said, “Just a minute,” as she picked up a phone.
I waited longer than a minute. As I stood back a few feet from the window and looked at my watch, I saw it was a few minutes before 1 AM.
I was surprised to see that even at this hour there were about a dozen people waiting to be seen. Some looked obviously sick, a few with small children sat with them on their laps, wrapped in blankets.
I wondered what they’d think if they knew behind the glass window there was a kidnapper and murderer.
A few minutes later the large wooden double doors to the treatment area swung open and a male security guard escorted me to where Billy Ray Sauder was being  held.
A Sheriff’s deputy and trooper were standing outside a treatment room. They acknowledged me. I looked into the room. 
I saw Billy Ray on the bed, being held down by two more deputies as a small young nurse was giving him an injection. She looked scared. Three men I assumed were doctors from the lab coats they were wearing were standing along the wall as onlookers. Billy Ray was struggling to break free from the four restraints holding his limbs. What’s wrong with this picture I thought to myself?
The nurse finished her treatment, gathered her supplies and quickly left the room. I looked at the deputies standing in the hall.
“Our boy thinks he’s a tough guy. Foul mouth, making threats. He tried to grab another nurse that was in with him. We had to restrain him,” one deputy said.
 He looked over at the young nurse who was now at a computer mounted on a wheeled cart.
“That little one just gave him an injection to calm him down. The docs told us he’s going up to the OR to repair his hand and shoulder.”
“Has he said anything about Courtney?”
“Not a word. The docs in there wouldn’t let us in there to talk with him. Privacy, they said. I guess privacy went out the window when they yelled for help when he went after the nurse,” he added with sarcasm.
I looked into the room again. Billy Ray was still running his mouth despite the sedative he’d been given. I had to take a chance.
I pulled my credentials out of my pocket and went into the room. Billy Ray stared at me. I nodded my head to the officers to leave. They didn’t hesitate. I looked over at the three doctors. One was older, the other two much younger. I held my credentials for them to examine.
“You’re excused doctors,” I said. The two younger ones looked at the older one. He ushered them out without a word. He stopped at the doorway, looked back for a moment, and went out into the hall.
Billy Ray wasn’t staring at me; it was a glare. I could see the hate in his eyes.
I slowly pulled the curtain around the stretcher until we were completely enclosed, not taking my eyes off of him. I took a step back and stood next to the bed.
“You’re the son-of-a-bitch that shot me,” he growled. “You’re gonna wish you’d killed me.”
I looked up at the rack of monitors above his head. I saw his heart rate was increasing. I looked back down at him.
“Why do you think I came here, Billy Ray?” I said slowly as I turned and pulled open a drawer below a nearby counter.
I saw the drawer contained bandages, gauze, tape and a few metal clamps. I picked up the clamps a few inches and dropped them back in, slowly repeating the action over and over. His head flinch each he heard the metal clinking. He craned his neck to see what I was doing.
I looked at the monitor. His heart rate was increasing.  
“What are you doing?” he asked, rushing his words. He almost choked on the last word. I stared at him. I saw beads of perspiration forming on his brow. I moved over to the middle of the bed where he could see me better. His eyes were becoming glassy. The sedative was kicking in.
“You said I should have killed you, well, here I am,” I said.
He tried to call out for help. His mouth was dry. The words weren’t coming out. He shook his body weight against the restraints. I saw he was losing strength. The medicine was coursing through his veins, his racing heart pumping it faster every second.
“I saw what you did to Courtney. I saw the pictures you took of her. I saw what you did to that old man.”
His eyes were now wide open, fixed in the stare of fright. He wasn’t blinking to clear the fluid blurring his vision.
“I saw how you beat Courtney’s face. I saw your bite marks all over her body. And then you sick sadistic bastard, you took pictures of what you’d done to her.” He tried to break free from the restraints, but he was too weak.
“I saw what you did to the old man. You beat him to a bloody pulp. But that wasn’t enough for you. You had to bash his head in with a lamp. You killed him.”
I glanced at the monitors. Despite the medication to sedate him, his heart was now racing like a freight train.
He tried to say something. His face was turning red. His breathing heavier. He swayed his head from side to side.
“Why did you beat the old man to death with the lamp?” I asked, raising my voice. I grabbed him by the throat just under his lower jaw and pressed up hard. The pain caused his legs to wildly strain against the restraints holding them down.
“Why did you kill the old man?” I asked again. “Do you like how it feels to watch someone die?” I squeezed harder.
He was trying to say something. For the first time I saw genuine terror in his eyes. I kept up the pressure.
“She did it.  I told her…  stay out of it. She hit him.” he slowly said in a barely audible gurgling voice. I released my grip and stepped back.
 I saw the heart monitor showed his rate was dropping, I watched it for a few seconds. The rhythm was leveling off.
“You raped Courtney, and Luciana killed the old man. Is that what you’re saying?”
 He didn’t immediately respond. I thrust my hand under his chin again. Harder this time, driving his lower chin upward to shut off his airway.
“I can’t understand you. Luciana killed the old man?”
“Yeah. Yeah….yeah...”. he mumbled and gurgled as he gasped and heaved his chest. His head drooped to the side as he lost consciousness. I wanted to keep the pressure on his throat. I wanted to kill him with my bare hands. I released my grip. He’d passed out before I could ask him who had set up Courtney’s kidnapping. I told myself I’d be back.
As I slowly opened the curtain, I glanced at the monitor. His heart rate had slowed dramatically, but it appeared steady. He would live to die another day.
I stepped out into the hallway. The four officers and the older doctor looked at me. The two younger ones looked down at the floor, their hands clasped behind their backs.
The older doctor spoke.
“Are you finished with your examination Mr. Richardson?”
“Yes doctor. I believe the medication has kicked in. He’s asleep.”
He motioned for the other two to go back into the room. As they did, he reached out and out and put his hand on my arm.
“I did the intake examination of the young woman when she arrived.” He looked into the treatment room where the two other doctors were waiting for him.
“They’re new Medical Residents. They have much to learn. I’ll explain things to them later, ” he said with a knowing look.
I thanked him for his professional courtesy as he turned to enter the room.
The deputies and trooper looked at me. I saw for probably the first time in the last eight hours they were smiling.
I asked where Courtney was being treated, they directed me to a room around the corner. 
As I walked down the hall, I knew I had pushed the law to its limit with what I’d done. Admittedly, I’d  crossed over the line. I knew I couldn’t use anything he said to arrest Luciana. 
What he’d done was point me in the direction to get physical evidence to connect her to Noel Royal’s murder. 
As I turned the corner at the end of the hallway I saw two troopers guarding a doorway. I didn’t recognize them. I approached and displayed my credentials. 
Kristin was in the room. She looked out, saw me, and came out to tell the troopers it was all right to let me in. I saw Mandy was at Courtney’s bedside, sitting on a stool holding her hand. Both women looked up at me. For the first time I saw Courtney manage a weak smile.
Mandy stood up, came over and gave me a long, tight hug. I looked at her. Surprisingly, she didn’t look tired at all. We’d been awake for  eighteen hours, and this aspect of my work was something she’d never gone through before. It had to be pure adrenaline that was fueling her stamina.  
Kristin pulled me aside to speak privately out in the hall.
“Matt called me and said a trooper was sent to pick up her boyfriend in Pittsfield and bring  him here. He’s all she’s been asking for. Is it all right for him to see her?”
I told her absolutely, I was convinced he had nothing to do with her kidnapping. I asked about Courtney’s condition. She turned and looked over her shoulder back toward the room before answering.
Kristin whispered that the swelling on her face was horrific, and had to be extremely painful. She said they’d done x-rays; she was waiting for the radiologist’s report to learn if there were any fractures that would require surgical repair. 
“She’s dehydrated, we’re running fluids into her, and we’ve given her one unit of blood to get her counts up. They’re dangerously low.” she said. “But I’m more concerned about possible internal injuries.”
The look on my face must have showed I didn’t understand. She placed her hand on my arm. The concern I saw in her eyes was genuine.
“There’s evidence she was viciously sexually assaulted, many times from what she’s been able to tell us. I’m worried there’s damage to her reproductive organs. We’re waiting for the female on-call OG/GYN doc to show up and do an internal exam, but I don’t know if Courtney’s strong enough physically and emotionally to tolerate the pain that will cause her. The worst outcome would be we’d have to do an emergency hysterectomy. She’s just a young woman. Psychologically, that could be devasting to her.”
I looked through the doorway at Courtney. The swelling on her face and the deep blue bruises forever erased the image I’d have of her from the beauty pageant photo Mandy had shown Rich and me last week.
I fought the raging feeling inside me to go back and have another conversation with Billy Ray Sauder. This time I wouldn’t hesitate to use the metal clamps in the drawer.
I looked over at Mandy. 
None of our friends, including Kristin, with whom she’d become so close, knew that as a teenager Mandy had to face her own demons when she’d been diagnosed with a serious gynecological condition. She was living every day since those times, knowing she could never have children.
 I couldn’t believe she had the inner strength to sit there and hold Courtney’s hand, going through this with her.
A commotion down the hallway ended my inner reflection. I turned and saw Courtney’s boyfriend, Jimmy Jenkins, wildly rushing ahead of a trooper who was doing his best to keep him under control.
“Where is she? Where is she”? he shouted over his shoulder at the trooper as he ducked in and out of treatment rooms lining the hall. The trooper grabbed his arm and pulled him from entering one that was occupied by an elderly couple. Jimmy spotted me and ran up to where I was standing.
 “Is she in there?” he asked as he turned to run into the room.
I grabbed him by the arm and pulled him to a stop; he tried to resist. The burly trooper grabbed him by both arms and whirled him around, pinning him to the wall. Jimmy froze, as if in shock. The trooper released his grip as the two guard troopers moved in to block the doorway.
 I quickly told him yes, Courtney was in there, that she’d been badly mistreated.
“Jimmy, she’s alive but in serious condition. You need to be calm. She’s very fragile, and it looks like she’ll be here for a while. She needs love and support from you. No hysterics, no questions about what happened. Understand?”
He nodded, but I didn’t think my words were sinking in. He rushed into the room. I heard Courtney weakly cry out his name. I did my best to catch up to him, but he was too quick. He was leaning over her in an embrace After a few seconds Kristin gently but firmly pulled him away.
He stood there for a few seconds staring at Courtney before he dropped to his knees crying, burying his face in her hand. 
Mandy was now standing. I motioned for her to come to me; I led her out to the hall. She looked at the two troopers guarding the room, acknowledging them. She leaned her back against the wall, her eyes closed, I could see the moistness from the tears she was fighting to hold back.
“Are you all right?” I asked as I held her by her arms. She opened her eyes.
“Yeah. Yeah. I have to pee,” she whispered, as she wiped her eyes with a tissue she’d been holding.
She looked at the troopers and asked if they knew where the rest- rooms were. One replied they were down the hall on the right. She excused herself and left.
As we waited, the troopers asked f I was the one that shot the kidnapper. I told them yes, but didn’t elaborate.
“We were told you shot the gun out of his hand. Too bad you didn’t kill him. How’s the girl?”
I answered she was in serious condition; the young guy that just went in was her boyfriend. Thankfully, they didn’t comment on his physical appearance. Considering he’s been pulled out of bed at one in the morning, at least he had presence of mind to put his pants on.
As I waited for Mandy to return, I called Matt Holcomb at the murder scene at Noel Royal’s house. He answered quickly and asked how Courtney was doing. I gave him the basic details.
“That son-of-a-bitch. We should have taken him out right there at the cabin.” I didn’t respond. 
I told Matt I’d spoken briefly with Billy Ray Sauder; he claimed Sam Powell’s fiancée was the one who hit Noel Royal in the head with the lamp.
I stressed the importance of the crime scene techs trying to get fingerprints off of it.
“So, if she was with Billy Ray when he went to see about the cabin, and she killed the old man with the lamp, she has to be directly involved with the kidnapping too, right?” he asked.
I told him yes; she was as guilty as him.
“Well, I have some news too. We searched his SUV. We found a 357 Magnum in a holster under the front seat. That’s probably the one the kid said was stolen. We also found a hatchet. That’s what he probably used to cut the escape trail in the woods.” 
That was good news. We were gathering physical evidence.
He asked who would draw up the arrest warrant application for Luciana; I said I’d do it. I wanted her in Federal custody as leverage against Billy Ray. I told him of Damian’s plan to file to transfer his arrest from the Commonwealth Court to Federal prosecution.
“So, now all we have to do is find her. By the way, whose notifying Courtney’s father that we recovered her alive?” he asked.
I explained Damian had told me he’d notify his attorney in Boston. Matt brought up how uncooperative her father had been and said that he still had questions about the militia he’d sent up on the Trail. 
I cut him short when I saw Mandy returning from the ladies’ room, telling him all that would have to sit on the back burner for now. Before we ended the call, he said Freddy had stopped by the murder scene and said he was heading down to the Medical Center.
I was starting to feel the effects of lack of sleep, and I was sure Mandy felt the same. I decided when Freddy arrived we’d have him take us home. There was nothing more we could do at the hospital.
Mandy went back into Courtney’s room, I stood out in the hall talking with the troopers. They told me they’d remain guarding Courtney until they were relieved, and it was their understanding she’d be guarded around the clock until further notice. 
I was relieved that Rich Prince had the foresight to understand Courtney was still in danger until we’d arrested her father’s fiancée and ultimately determined why all this happened.
A few minutes later, a nurse dressed in a white lab coat quickly came down the hall and approached us. She said she was the Nurse Administrator and asked if I was Mr. Richardson.
“There’s a young man at the registration desk that claims he’s from the FBI and wants to be let in. The way he’s dressed and looks, I think he might be a reporter trying to pull a fast one. He doesn’t look like any FBI agent I’ve ever seen. Security is holding him at the desk.”
I almost laughed out loud but managed to keep a straight face.
She turned to the troopers.
 “Could one of you please come out to the desk with me? He says his name is Fred Morton.”
The larger of the two troopers said he’d go, I held up my hand to stop him. He looked as if he didn’t understand.
“Ma’am. it may be hard  to believe, but Mr. Fred Morton is an FBI agent. I’ll go with you.”
As we walked up the hall, she made some more comments that she couldn’t believe Freddy was who he said he was. From her tone, I suspected she and her co-workers were nervous about having the kidnapper as a patient and the sudden heavy presence of the police. I assured her they were safe, and apologized for how all of us looked, telling her we’d had a rough night. I made it a point to tell her how grateful we were to the hospital staff for their assistance.
The large wooden doors to the waiting room swung open, I saw Freddy being ‘guarded’ by three security officers. 
He seemed oblivious to them as he cradled his laptop in his arm with one hand and furiously typed with the other. I had to admit, at that moment he looked less like an FBI agent than he did normally. Actually, he looked like hell. If what he’d said to me about putting in an all-nighter the day before was true, he’d been working for at least twenty-four straight hours.
He looked up when he saw me, turned his head toward the security officers, said “thanks,” and followed me inside.
“Frank and I figured out the phones,” he said as soon as the doors closed behind us. “We spent hours analyzing the calls between Powell’s three phones. The girlfriend is the one that pinged Courtney’s phone just before she was kidnapped,” he announced.
“Are you sure?”
He gave me one of those looks that said, “Really? You doubt my work?”
As we walked down the hall, I asked how it was possible a person could ping a cellphone. I thought only the phone carriers had the equipment to do it.
Again, another one of his sideways looks.
“Anyone can buy an app that’ll work. The good ones are expensive though, and they’re not openly sold. But if you can get your hands on one, it’s actually easy to do,” he explained.
“Where did the pings originate from?”
“I thought you’d never ask. The first two from Georgia. The last two were just before the kidnapping and originated in Boston. Specifically, Logan Airport.”
I stopped dead in my tracks. This was making no sense.
“Are you absolutely sure about the last two?”
Once more, I got ‘The Look.’


























Chapter 19

I woke up, and for an instant I didn’t know where I was. I looked over and saw Mandy sleeping next to me. I squinted and looked at my watch. It took a moment for me to focus. It was 9:20. The brightness filtering through the shuttered mini blinds told me it was  morning.
It took a few more seconds for me to realize I was home. The events of last night slowly filtered back into my memory. 
Had I dreamed Mandy, Freddy and I had left the Medical Center at two-thirty this  morning?
 Freddy was near exhaustion from his marathon computer research, so I drove us in his car. He stayed the night in one of our guest rooms.   As I straightened my legs under the covers from the curled position I’d slept in, my aching body sent the message it wasn’t a dream. 
Late last night, we’d found Courtney Powell alive, though badly injured. I’d shot and wounded the man that kidnapped, raped and tortured her. Suddenly, the name Luciana popped into my head. Sam Powell’s financee.
She was still out there somewhere. She was involved in the kidnapping and now a murder. My brain was saying I was going to do everything I could to make today her last as a free woman. My stiff aching body was suggesting otherwise.  
 As quietly as I could so as not to wake Mandy, I got out of bed. 
After I washed, shaved, and dressed as quietly as I could, I went out to the kitchen and started the coffeemaker. I turned on the small TV under the upper cabinet; the news was on. It was all about us.
County Sheriff Pete Monroe and the State Police Commissioner were holding a press conference about the recovery of Courtney and the arrest of her kidnapper. One had to love local cable TV. News all day, every day. I turned it off. The media only knew half the story.
I fixed my coffee and searched the cabinets for the pastries and donuts I used to crave every morning. Finding none, I settled on a bowl of assorted sliced fruits. As I sat at the breakfast bar feeling sorry for myself that I’d been turned into a nutritional experiment, it occurred to me I didn’t even know what day it was. I brought my phone to life; it was Saturday.
The last thing I remember Freddy telling me before he fell asleep in the car early this morning was something about how he’d been tracking the freighter transporting Sam Powell’s secret military cargo, and it was stopped just offshore of Haiti. 
From the start of the investigation, I was certain his arms dealing business had something to do with Courtney’s kidnapping. After arresting Billy Ray Sauder last night, I couldn’t see the connection.
I finished my breakfast, grabbed my coffee and went into our home office to write up an affidavit explaining my use of a firearm.
About an hour later, I heard Mandy rustling around in the kitchen. I got up to say good morning. She was pouring herself a coffee; I gave her a kiss on the cheek. Surprisingly, after everything she’d been through in the past twenty-four hours, she looked refreshed. She was dressed in a pair of designer jeans, a floral short-sleeve top, and had her hair in a ponytail.
“Going somewhere?” I asked.
She answered last night she saw Courtney didn’t have any clothes when we found her. Her plan was to go to some stores in Lennox and get her things she could wear in the hospital, like a robe and slippers, and then something for when she was discharged.
“We’re about the same size, so I think what I get will fit her,” she commented as she turned on the kitchen TV, walked over to the breakfast bar, and sat down.
She asked if Freddy was still sleeping. I answered I hadn’t checked on him, but I assumed so. She agreed with me to let him sleep until noon before we woke him.
“You shot someone yesterday. Have you ever shot anyone before?”
“No.”
“Did you really shoot the gun out of his hand?”
“Apparently I did.”
“Are you in trouble for what happened?”
I fixed myself another cup of coffee, went over and sat down next to her.
“No, it was self-defense. The FBI will do an investigation since I’m a Federal law enforcement employee. I’m working on a report right now explaining what happened. I don’t expect there will be a problem.”
Mandy thought on that for a few seconds.
“I wish you’d killed him.”
I didn’t answer. This wasn’t a conversation I wanted to have.
I thanked her for the compassion she’d shown to Courtney last night, and that I knew how hard it was for her to see what had been done to her. She didn’t reply, just nodded her head. I had a feeling that what she’d seen last night would stay with her for a long time. We sat next to each other in silence for a few minutes.
“Last night Freddy said that Sam Powell’s girlfriend was in on the kidnapping. I heard the Sheriffs talking that she also helped him kill an old man that owns the cabins. Is that true?” she asked.
“Yeah. Hopefully, we’ll find her fingerprints at his house and we’ll have an airtight case against her.”
“Who’s going to arrest her?” she asked as she turned and looked at me. She had an angry look on her face.  
“First, we have to find her. Freddy said he’ll try to ping her phone to get a location where she might be. Depending on where that is, whichever police agency that has jurisdiction will make the arrest. We need to get an arrest warrant first,” I explained.
She stared at me. I saw the glare in her eyes.
“Why are you sitting here, then? Go get your arrest warrant.”
She stood up and went over to the sink, dumped her coffee, rinsed the mug, and headed back toward the master bedroom hallway without speaking. Now I was really worried about her.
I went back into our office and spent the next half hour finishing up my shooting affidavit. As I was proofreading it for the second time, I heard the water running in the kitchen sink. I got up and saw Freddy standing in front of the coffeemaker. He looked confused. Was he still half asleep, or was it he was confronted with something that didn’t have a keyboard?
“Good Morning. You all right?” I asked. He looked over at me.
“Do you know how this damn thing works?” 
 I told him to sit down at the breakfast bar and I’d fix his coffee.
I looked over and saw his laptop. I moved a few steps to see the screen and noticed it was displaying the ship tracking transponders he’d placed in the RVs.
“Where is it now?” I asked as I started up the coffeemaker.
“This is weird,” he answered. “It’s been sitting stationary offshore  of a port in Haiti since just before I went to sleep last night.
“What’s so weird? Where it’s at, or that you finally got some sleep?”
“The port. That’s what’s weird. It’s not deep water and it’s small. I Googled it and saw it doesn’t have a crane strong enough to off-load those armor-plated motor homes,” he explained.
“Then why would it just be sitting there? Mechanical problems?” I asked.
“Maybe, but it’s a new ship. It shouldn’t be having any mechanical problems.”
“Then, what?” I asked as I brought him his coffee and sat down.
He looked over at me. 
“Do you think maybe they’re off-loading some cargo to smaller boats?” he suggested. 
“Smaller cargo? Like what? Did the shipping manifest say what else was on the ship?”  
“No. But what if they were off-loading just the weapons?”
 I was beginning to realize tracking the ship was now a distraction for him. We needed to focus on locating Sam Powell’s fiancee.
“What can we do to locate Luciana Cabral?” I asked changing the subject.
 He said he spoke with Frank Paris in Boston late last night. Frank   was setting up a computer program to ping Luciana’s phone, but he hadn’t heard from him this morning. I had no choice but to wait.
 It bothered me she’d pinged Courtney’s phone from Logan Airport. My concern was that she’d already fled the country. If she had, where would she go? 
I decided to call Matt Holcomb and see if he had a report on what the crime scene technicians had found at Noel Royce’s murder scene. I was surprised he answered quickly.
“Hey! I was getting ready to call you. We have a major break in Noel’s murder!. The techs lifted four good prints from the lamp that killed him. We just entered them into the FBI system, we’re waiting for a response. I’ll call you as soon as we hear something.”  
I asked if there was an update on Courtney’s condition.
“Kristin called me from the hospital this morning. She’s listed in serious condition, but stable. I’ll know more when she comes home from work.”
“And what about Billy Ray? Any word on how his surgery went?”
“No, nothing.”
I thanked Matt and asked him to keep me posted.
While I was on the phone, Mandy had come into the kitchen and was talking with Freddy. She’d put on her makeup and looked ready to go shopping. She took a bowl of cut fruit from the refrigerator and put it in front of him. Welcome to my world, I thought to myself.
When I ended my call, she asked me if I’d heard anything on Courtney’s condition. I told her what Matt had just said. Once again her  reaction was just a cold, subdued look. Before I could ask her if she was all right, she headed for the door and left.
Freddy and I didn’t talk. I could tell from the look on his face he too noticed Mandy wasn’t herself. I went back into our office and finished going over my affidavit. Satisfied with how it read, I emailed it to Damian’s office.
 I spent the next hour going through my phone mail and returning calls from work associates and friends who’s seen the news stories about Courtney being rescued, and the media focusing on the report I’d shot her kidnapper’s gun out of his hand. If they only knew the truth.
I appreciated them expressing their concern for me, but what I needed was for someone to tell me what the motive was for the kidnapping and where Luciana Cabral was hiding. 
I’d wracked my brain relentlessly for a week, and the name of the person whom I was convinced  who held the answers to my questions was always the same. Sam Powell. 
I called Damian to check in on what was happening with the case on his end. He said he’d contacted Sam Powell’s Boston attorney, Emerson Palmer, and told him we’d recovered Courtney alive. He said Palmer was shocked by the news when he saw it on TV this morning, and he’d been trying to reach her father.”
“Palmer got into it with me about my motion to transfer the militia cases to Federal jurisdiction,’ Damian said. “He pulled a fast one on me. A bail bondsman posted surety for all of them; fifty thousand each. They were released yesterday afternoon. My bet is that they’re on their way back to wherever they came from by now, and that’s the last we’ll see of them. I’m still going forward with Federal charges, though.” 
“That’s three hundred thousand up for forfeiture if they don’t appear. You think Sam Powell put up the money?” I asked. 
“Probably. I know damn sure Emerson Powell didn’t open his wallet.”
Damian shifted gears and brought up the loose ends we still needed to resolve.
He said we needed to run a criminal history check on Billy Ray Sauder. It was a given that the kidnapping case was going to be transferred to Federal Court, but first the murder charge for the death of Noel Royce needed to be brought by the Sheriff’s Department. I told him I’d follow up on that today.
“While you’re at it, see if they can somehow get a set of prints off of him as soon as possible.” he added.
“I’ll see what we can do, but , thanks to my marksmanship being as it is, we’ll have to settle for only five fingers for the time being.”
Damian laughed, and commented the media was having a field day with my shooting skills.
“Yeah. That figures. If they’d seen how Courtney looked when we found her, I don’t think they’d find any humor in what happened last night.”
He asked how she was doing. I gave him the report I’d received from Matt this morning.
“I wonder what her father’s going to do?” he sked. “I’d expect he’ll fly up here and try and get her home as soon as possible.”
I explained from what I was told last night about her injuries, I expected she’d remain in the hospital for a while.
There was a pause in our conversation before he spoke again.
“What about motive? You know I need that to prosecute.”
I hesitated before I answered. “I’m still working on that.”
“Maybe when Powell gets up here, I can persuade Emerson Palmer to have another sit down with him,” Damian suggested.
“I don’t know about that. Our last get together didn’t end on a good note.”
“Well, It’s worth a try. I’ll get back to you after I speak with him.”
We ended the call. I was no closer to finding a motive than when I got up this morning, and it was eating me up.
My next call was to Rich Prince. His problem of the hour was his department was sharing the expense of posting guards at the hospital for both Courtney and Billy Ray Sauder. Higher ups were already concerned about the overtime costs, and were suggesting at least Billy Ray be guarded by US Marshalls. I said I’d see what I could do.
Another concern had surfaced; the hikers we’d relocated off the Trail. They were pressing the National Guard on when they could resume their hikes.
“What do you think? We recovered the girl; we have her kidnaper in custody. I’d like to get them on their way.”
I agreed without argument.
Rich was acting as if the case as wrapped up. In my mind, it was far from over. What was the motive?  
I’d been focusing on Sam Powell and getting nowhere. I had two more targets in mind. Billy Ray Sauder who was lying in a hospital bed, and Luciana Cabral, who could be anywhere.
 It was clear in my mind. I had to get Luciana in custody.
As it turned out, our biggest break in the case was one phone call away. The message wasn’t what I was expecting.















































Chapter 20

“Daryl! Are you sitting down?” was Matt Holcomb’s response when I answered his call.
I lied and said yes.
“We just got a response from the FBI automated fingerprint database on the latents we submitted from the lamp at Noel Royce’s place.” 
“They belong to an Amelina Flores, a female Dominican national by birth, now in this country as a naturalized US citizen.
“Amelina Flores?” Who the hell is that?” I asked, thoroughly confused.
“Alias Carmen Perez, Rosa Rodrigues, Bella Benitez, and ready for this? Luciana Cabral.”
“You have got to be kidding me.” 
Matt continued.
“Under these different names she has prior convictions for prostitution, identity theft, credit card fraud, extortion, grand larceny. As I said, those are all convictions.” 
“There’s active warrants out for her in Vegas for criminal impersonation, grand larceny, illegal use of  credit cards, and felony failure to appear.”
“In Aspen, Colorado for criminal impersonation, grand larceny, and attempted murder 2nd degree.”
“In Miami, one count of insurance fraud over $250,000, one count of concealment of a corpse,  hindering prosecution and conspiracy.”

“ Man!  I can’t believe you struck the goldmine off of those prints.”
“Yeah! I was so shocked when the message came back on our system, I had one of the detectives look at it to see if I was imagining things!”
“This is unbelievable. A big shout out to your crime scene guys that came up with the prints.” 
“There’s a couple of them here right now and they still can’t believe it. There’s more. There’s a notation on the message that lists Agent Ted Burnett, FBI Las Vegas, as the Joint Fugitive Task Force contact. There’s a number here for us to call. I’m thinking you’re the one that should speak with him.”
“Yeah, absolutely. Text me his number and either fax or email me the AFIS report. You have the fax number for my house?”
He answered he didn’t, I gave it to him. He said he’d get right on it and send me the document. We ended the call. 
I sank down onto the office sofa. Finally, Lady Luck had found the missing puzzle piece for me. Now all I had to do was make it fall perfectly into place.
My cellphone beeped. I saw the text from Matt and called Agent Ted Burnett in Las Vegas. He answered, I explained who I was, and gave him the short version describing the kidnapping case we were working. I was amazed when he’d said he’d already read about it in one of the Vegas morning papers.
Over the next twenty minutes, he told me a story that seemed almost unbelievable.
Amelina Flores started her criminal career by plying her prostitution trade on the streets of Vegas. She had a few misdemeanor arrests to show for it, but no jail time.
She graduated into soliciting at the casinos, targeting older wealthy gamblers who were widowed or divorced. Police reports from her early prostitution arrests showed she’d commented more than once that she never got involved with married men if she could help it. “Too risky,” she was quoted as saying more than once.
The active arrest warrant in Vegas resulted from her engagement to a wealthy Nevada rancher, using the alias Rosa Rodriguez. At the time, she was posing as a former showgirl. Her mark was in his late seventies, after six months of her living with him she vanished, taking almost $50,000 in cash and another $75,000 of jewelry he’d bought her. 
She was found in Reno and arrested. She subsequently posted a high bond but failed to appear in court a month later.


Agent Burnett said the FBI became involved following a Colorado
 investigation of an elder abuse case. A seventy-eight-year-old widower had met a woman calling herself Bella Benitez at a casino in Cripple Creek. Within a month, she was living with him as his fiancee in Aspen. A few months later he was rushed to a hospital in a vegetative state and died a week later. An autopsy showed he had a significant level of glycol alcohol in his blood. 
A search warrant issued following his death found Bella missing from the home, and evidence antifreeze had been introduced into his system mixed with fruit juices and alcoholic beverages. Fingerprints on the contaminated containers led to identifying Bella Benitez as actually being Amelina Flores. 
An investigation into the victim’s finances showed a systematic draining of a savings account via a debit card he’d given her.
The last case, in Miami, had to do with Amelina again using the alias Rosa Rodriguez marrying a sixty-two-year-old wealthy newly retired publisher turned professional poker player who turned up missing and was presumed drowned after a sailing accident. 
The charges listed on a subsequent arrest warrant were related to Rosa allegedly interfering with investigators looking into the death, and her pressing a life insurer to advance her three hundred thousand dollars against an expected three-million-dollar death benefit payment for which she was named his sole beneficiary.
I’d been making notes on a yellow legal pad while Agent Burnett was speaking. When he finished, I didn’t know what to say. Sam Powell’s fiancee Luciana Cabral was a grifter, con-artist and now a murderer.    
  But it begged questions. What had happened to the money she’d scammed from the other victims, and why would she target Courtney to extort a million dollars from Sam Powell?
I asked Agent Burnett if any information had been developed about what she’d done with the hundreds of thousands she had stolen.
“She’s a compulsive gambler, from what the investigators concluded. And not  a very good one, I might add. She reportedly dropped almost seventy-five thousand in one night at a casino here in Vegas,” he explained.
“If you’re thinking she’s still in your area, I’d suggest you start looking for her by checking any casinos in your area. That’s her hunting ground and her addiction.” 
His remark gave me an idea. We were near two major casinos just across the border in Connecticut. Now that I knew the various alias identities she’d used, we might have a chance at tracking her down. I was starting to feel encouraged.
He asked how I planned on proceeding with my investigation. I explained we believed we had her current cell phone number and were working on pinging it.
He told me the task force he’d been working with to locate her for the past two years had attempted to track her by her phone without success. Each time they thought they had a current number, they found it was no longer in service. I was disappointed, but not surprised.
If she was cunning enough to pull off the scams she’d worked, she’d know all the tricks to hide her whereabouts; bouncing around the country and frequently changing her name and phone service.
Agent Burnett asked how strong our murder case was against her. After I explained the evidence, he surprised me with an offer. He said he thought he could get approval to travel to Boston for me to review the complete file the task force had developed. His thought was, after two years, his case had gone cold; our kidnapping case had put it back on the front burner. His report might give me some insight how her mind worked. I welcomed his offer.
We ended the call with the understanding he’d work on his travel plans and keep me posted.
I went out to the kitchen and saw that Freddy had moved his base of operations from the breakfast bar The evidence was the now empty once overflowing fruit bowl. I found him out on the deck talking on his phone. He motioned for me sit.
As I listened to his side of the conversation, I realized he was speaking with his work partner in Boston, Frank Paris. The gist of the conversation was that one of Damian Costigan’s assistant attorneys had issued a new administrative subpoena for phone records from the most recent phone carrier that listed a Luciana Cabral as a customer.
In hindsight, I wished I’d caught Freddy before he made his call. I now had three additional names she could be using.
I noticed he had two laptops in front of him. On one he was setting up  the ping program, the other was monitoring the freighter carrying Sam Powell’s secret government cargo. Freddy had last reported in was stationary of the coast of Haiti, now it appeared to be underway again.
As he continued his conversation with Frank, a thought occurred to me.
His research had determined Luciana Cabral had pinged Courtney’s phone from Logan Airport. If he could give me a date and time that occurred, she might have been caught by the video cameras at the airport.
Tracking her down now fell into my lap. The Sheriff’s Department and State Police were concentrating on processing the cabin and Noel Royce’s murder scene. The case was now moving outside their jurisdiction. I needed help and had to look elsewhere.
Damian had offered to provide some FBI agents to assist me, but I’d declined. After seeing they’d shied away from actively assisting with the search for Courtney, and their off-the-record assistance to get Powell’s RV shipment back the road, I felt I couldn’t trust them. I realized I needed to reconsider his offer.
Freddy ended his phone call, typed some commands into the laptop, sat back and crossed his arms. 
“Now we wait,” he announced.
I took the opportunity to bring him up to speed on what Agent Burnett had told me about Luciana Cabral. As I talked, his eyes got wider and wider with each revelation of her past crimes. It was one of the very few times we had worked together that he appeared genuinely shocked.
“We have to find her,” he said, the tone of his voice somber. “And from what you just told me about her, we’re gonna need some help.”
It was as if he was reading my mind.
“Yeah, we need help. I’ll call Damian.”
I made the call. Like Freddy, his reaction was more shock than surprise when I told him of Luciana Cabral’s criminal history. After ten minutes of discussion, he agreed to arrange a conference call with the agents assigned to his office.at four this afternoon. He expected by that time I’d have a list of assignments for them. I looked at my watch and agreed.
I filled Freddy in and asked if he could get me the information I needed about the phone ping that originated from Logan Airport. He spent a few minutes on his laptop and found the file he’s saved. My plan was to have the Boston FBI agents visit the Federal security detail at the airport to see if they could help with viewing some video.
“Speaking of airports,” Freddy said. “We never checked to see where Courtney’s father was going with his jet. Maybe we should, no?”
That was something I’d missed. We discussed it; he said he’d see what he could find.
I thought of something else I’d let slide. We needed to know what the connection was between Luciana and Billy Ray Sauder. I called Matt Holcomb on his cell.
He told me the sheriffs and troopers guarding him at the hospital were having a hard time keeping him under control. 
He had several outbursts at the staff following his surgery, resulting in the officers intervening and assisting the hospital security staff to place him in four-point leather restraints. I made a mental note to ask Damian if he’d heard anything about US Marshalls taking over the detail.
Matt said his detectives had run his name and date of birth through the FBI criminal history database and learned his legal name was William Raymond Sauder He had an extensive conviction history for assaults, extortion, promoting prostitution, conspiracy and threatening. Matt said a detective was assigned to follow up by calling the agencies that had arrested him, but he hadn’t yet received the detective’s report of what he’d learned.
“Any chance any of those arrests were in Las Vegas or Colorado?” I asked.
There was a pause before he answered.
“Yeah. As a matter of fact, some were. How did you know that?”
I took a few minutes to explain my phone conversation with Agent Ted Burnett. When I finished, his reaction was the same as that of Damian and Freddy.
“Christ! I’ve seen movies on TV about women like her. What do they call them? Black widows? I never though we’d come across something like that around here. Where do you think she is? Back in Georgia?”
I said I didn’t know and explained my request to Damian for some FBI assistance, It would be one of their tasks to track down her recent travels.
He asked how we could confirm that some of his arrests were related to the crimes that Luciana was committing. I didn’t have that answer.
I asked him to send me a copy of Billy Ray’s rap sheet and I’d see what I could come up with.
Before I ended the call, I asked if he’d heard an update about Courtney’s condition. He said he had not.
I called Damian and explained the help I needed. He didn’t hesitate to agree he’d assigned agents from his office. I could live with that. I knew most of them, and we’d worked many cases together. 
He said he’d have the lead agent call me and cancel the phone conference he’d set up.
As I ended the call, I saw Mandy coming through the kitchen door. She was laden down with shopping bags, I went over and took some of them, placing them on the breakfast bar. 
I asked how she’d made out, she replied good; Courtney would have what she needed for her hospital stay. I saw she seemed to be in a better frame of mind than when she’d left.
She saw Freddy was still here and asked what was going on.
We went out to the deck, where I brought her up to date on what we’d learned about Luciana Cabral. To my surprise, when I finished explaining what she’d been involved in, Mandy didn’t display the shock that Freddy, Matt and Damian had.
“Remember when I first showed you that picture of her and Sam Powell, and the article said she was in the entertainment business?” she asked. “I told you then just by looking at her I knew her entertainment was geared toward men. Maybe next time you’ll listen to me.”
She got up from her chair and went inside. Freddy and I exchanged looks. We both realized something was really bothering her. I went out to the kitchen and saw she was removing her purchases from the bags.
“Looks like you did well. Need any help?”
“Yeah, you can get me the small green travel bag that’s in the bottom of my closet. I’m going to give it to Courtney.” 
As she spoke, she crossed over to the kitchen counter and took a pair of scissors out of a drawer. I went to get the bag.
When I returned, I saw she was cutting the price tags off the clothing she’d bought. I complimented her choices. She didn’t respond at first.
“I got her underwear, a couple night gowns, sweatpants and tops, slippers, sneakers and some makeup. I talked with Kristin on the phone, she got me clearance to visit Courtney this afternoon. Maybe this will cheer her up a little.”  
I told her I’m sure it would, deciding I wouldn’t press what was bothering her. I knew Mandy was in the hospital room when Courtney was brought into the ER and may have overhead the discussion concerning her internal injuries from being brutally raped.
 As Kristin had explained to me, there was a possibility Courtney might need surgery that would leave her unable to bear children. Again, I thought Mandy was re-living the nightmare of the same situation she’d faced as a teen.
I walked back toward the deck, thinking that when I shot Billy Ray Sauder I should have aimed more carefully.
“Hey! I think I may have something,” Freddy said as I went out onto the deck.
“Two days ago. Sam Powell’s jet flew from Boston to Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic.”
The news didn’t strike me as being related to finding Luciana Cabral. Powell’s suspected arms dealing was a distraction right now.
“What’s weird is that the plane was on the ground for only four hours before it returned and landed at Atlanta” Freddy added.
“Maybe Sam had a business appointment,” I suggested. 
Freddy shrugged his shoulders but didn’t comment. He looked at his watch.
“I think I’m going to head out for Heather’s apartment. She gets off work in an hour, and I haven’t been home in two days. She’s understanding about my work, but I don’t want to push my luck. You know what I mean?”
“Oh, yeah!”
“Is Mandy okay?” he asked as he shut down his computers.
I told him she’d be fine; I thought the stress of everything that had happened in the last twenty-four hours might have gotten to her.
 I changed the subject and thanked him for all his help and apologized for taking him away from his time with Heather. He fluffed that off saying she had to work everyday so it wasn’t that big a deal. I walked with him to the door and again thanked him for his efforts. He said he’d call me if the phone ping got a hit.
A few minutes after he left, Mandy came into the kitchen and said she was going over to the hospital. She asked what I was going to do.
I told her I was going to call Damian and work out the details of transferring Billy Ray Sauder’s case to Federal court. I also needed to talk with him regarding obtaining a warrant charging Luciana Cabral, who we now knew was Amelina Flores, with kidnapping.
She picked up her suitcase, gave me a kiss goodbye and said she’d be a couple of hours.
I couldn’t figure her out. She was back to her normal self.




















Chapter 21

 I called Damian. Coincidentally, he had two of his staff FBI agents in his office. I used the opportunity to explain what I needed them to look into at Logan Airport and provided them with Luciana’s actual name and all the alias names she’d used. They asked if I had a photo of her. I explained I had one from a newspaper article and I’d fax it to Damian. They said as soon as they received it they’d go over to the airport. 
After the agents left his office, Damian and I discussed how he  wanted to handle the federal prosecutions.
He said he was concerned about the professional relationships I’d built with the Sherriff’s and State Police departments, and that he didn’t want them to think his office was taking credit for their work. I said Matt Holcomb was Billy Ray Sauder’s arresting officer, thus his department owned that case. As Damian had indicated earlier, once Sauder was arraigned in Commonwealth court, his office would file to transfer the case to federal jurisdiction. 
He wanted me to draw up a warrant application charging Luciana Cabral, or whatever her legal name was, with kidnapping.
As he elaborated on what the complex legal process would entail, it reminded me of why I’d left Trail work as an Assistant US Attorney,  
When he finished, I asked if it would be possible to use US Marshals to guard Billy Ray Sauder to relieve the Sheriffs and State Police of the financial burden. He said he’d make some phone calls and see what he could do. 
He changed subjects and said he’d heard from Sam Powell’s attorney, Emerson Palmer, who had some surprising news. Powell had fired him. He said Palmer didn’t elaborate and cut the call short.
He also mentioned he’d received a call from the FBI Agent-in- Charge of the Las Vegas field office confirming he was sending to Boston the agent whom I’d spoken with. He was referring to Agent Ted Burnett. I told Damian we could use his assistance, as he’d been tracking Amelina Flores for two years.
Damian had his own take on it.
“Two years and he hasn’t found her? Good luck with that! I can’t afford to wait two years. Find her!”
 As we ended the call, he reminded me of the importance of learning what the motive for Courtney’s kidnapping. As if I needed to be reminded. 
I spent the rest of the afternoon writing up the arrest warrant application for Amelina Flores, As I was typing, the thought kept running through my mind that I’d read nowhere that she’d ever been in prison for the crimes she was convicted of under the various names. I found that hard to believe. How could that happen?
Another loose end I had was learning what her connection was with Billy Ray Sauder. Matt had sent me his rap sheet and said he’d assigned a detective to follow up with the arresting agencies. Since I hadn’t heard a progress report, I gave Matt a call.
When I reached him, he said his detective was able to follow-up on two of Sauder’s arrests. They were unrelated but had a common thread. Sauder was apparently an enforcer for bookies and drug dealers.
Matt said after our last conversation about Sauder, he checked out his arrest and conviction in Colorado for promoting prostitution and had received the arrest report. His arrest coincided with the arrest of several prostitutes, including one named Bella Benitez. That was one of the alias names used by Amelina Flores.
“So, are you thinking Sauder was her pimp?” I asked.
Matt said he couldn’t be sure of that, but the timing of their arrests seemed to establish a relationship between the two.
He asked what I was doing to locate Amelina. I explained Freddy was pinging her phone. He asked if there was anything his department could do. I had to be honest. We didn’t have a clue where she was.
After we ended the call, I made myself a drink and went out to sit on the deck. I looked at Mandy’s garden and saw her scarecrow was standing tall at his post. I still couldn’t get over the fact that I had a shirt and pants just like his.
As I sat on a chaise lounge in the sun, now moving lower in the western sky, the word ‘motive’ kept coming into my mind. I couldn’t accept that Sam Powell had nothing to do with Courtney’s kidnapping. There were too many instances of violent and suspicious deaths in his life history.
Maybe I was overthinking things. Maybe this was a case of a woman scorned, specifically Amelina Flores, or as Powell knew her, Luciana Cabral. What could he have done that would drive her to kidnapping? Or perhaps, was that her plan all along when she began a relationship with him? That fit her history. Grab his money and run.
I remember how he’d reacted when I told him he’d go to prison if he had anything to do with Courtney being missing. I had a psychological advantage over him at that moment, but his lawyer shut me down. What nerve had I poked to cause him to react as he did?
Thinking of Sam Powell, why hadn’t he flown up from Georgia to be with his daughter in the hospital? He knew she’d been found alive. There were still so many unanswered questions. I’d never had a case as complicated as this one was turning out to be.
“I’m home!” I heard Mandy call out from the kitchen. I got up and went inside to greet her. She’d been gone most of the day.
“Hey! How did it go at the hospital?”
She came over and gave me a hug.
“I’m glad I went. Courtney was so grateful for the clothes and makeup. She said they’d done some tests on her and her internal injuries aren’t as bad as they feared. She was told with rest and IV treatments she could be released in about a week.”
I told her that was good news.
“And what have you been doing all day?” she asked. 
I told her I was working on the case but didn’t go into detail. She seemed to be in an upbeat mood; I didn’t want to spoil that.
“I feel like a glass of wine. Do you want me to make you another drink?” She’d noticed my empty glass.
I looked at her with the best face of innocence I could muster. She gave me a look that said she knew what I’d been up to. She had one comment before she went toward the family room bar.
“Busted!”
While she fixed our drinks, she told me to go sit out on the deck. In a few minutes, she joined me and sat down on the lounge chair next to mine. She took a sip of her wine. She had a serious look on her face.
“I have some things to tell you. I had a long talk with Courtney.”
“First, she said she’s incredibly grateful to you and Matt for saving her life. She’d given up all hope that she’d be rescued and was hoping she would just die quickly. She wishes you had killed Billy Ray.”
Mandy’s words gave me a chill. Not just what she was saying, but how she was talking. Something had happened to her at the hospital. Her words were cold; there was no emotion.  
“Courtney hates her father and said she never wants to see his face again.”
She took another sip of her wine, then looked over at me. 
“Courtney told me she saw him kill his wife, Star. He strangled her after he found out she’d been cheating on him. She described how he ripped her clothes off, carried her out to the backyard, and hung her body from a tree.”
I was shocked by her statement. I had questions; a lot of them. I started to speak, she held her hand up to stop me.
“Her father didn’t know she was watching him. She said she was too scared to run and hide. She said she just watched him. After he hung her, she said he stood back and laughed at her body.”
 I couldn’t believe what she’d just told me. I was shocked. I needed to know more.
“Did she tell anyone what she’d seen?”
“No. Not right after. She finally told someone about three months ago.”
“Who?”
“She called him Uncle Adam. She said she told him what she saw.”
“Uncle Adam? Adam Mullard?” I couldn’t believe what I was hearing.
“She didn’t say his last name, just that he worked for her father’s company and Uncle Adam was suing him. But yeah, I know who he is. He’s the man in the lawsuit papers I found for you.”
I sat up straight on the lounge chair.
“You do know Adam Mullard is a missing person, don’t you?” I asked.
She looked at me for a few seconds, then took another sip of wine.
“He’s not missing. He’s dead.”
“How do you know that?” I asked. I was trying not to press her, but my heart was racing.
“Courtney said she overhead her father and Luciana arguing about Adam when the sheriff came and gave him the lawsuit papers. A few  weeks later, she caught Luciana and Billy Ray arguing.”  
“Her father was at work. She said she saw Luciana hitting Billy Ray and calling him stupid.. She was yelling at him, telling him to bury the body in a different place.”
“Wait a minute,” I interrupted. “Who are you saying killed Adam Mullard? Sam Powell and Luciana?”
“I’m not saying that. Courtney is. It was Billy Ray.” 
I was confused. I turned sideways on the lounge chair to face her.
“Wait a minute. Did Courtney say she saw Billy Ray kill him?”
“No. She said she overheard Luciana tell him where to bury the body. Courtney said that Luciana’s exact words were, you killed him, now you have to get rid of him.”
I was speechless. This information was coming at me all at once.
“Let me get this straight. Can Courtney tell us where Adam Mullard is buried?”
“I asked her that. She said she can tell us where Luciana told Billy Ray to bury him.”
“Okay, you’re losing me, Hon. Backtrack. How did Billy Ray come into the picture?”
“I asked her that, too She said about three months after Luciana moved in with her and her father, he showed up to visit. Luciana said he was her cousin’s ex-husband. Her father ended up giving him a job as a truck driver.”
I took a long sip of my drink. I was having trouble understanding why Courtney opened up to her.
“Again, back up. How did this conversation with Courtney come about?”
“She just started talking. We told her we wanted to help her, and ...”
“We? Who’s we?” I interrupted.
“Me, Kristen and Heather.”
“You, Kristen and Heather? I don’t understand. What were you trying to do?” I was trying not to raise my voice but couldn’t stop myself.
“If you’d let me finish! she rebuked me in anger.   
“When I got to the hospital, I first stopped to see Kristen. She told me Courtney was very depressed and withdrawn. Heather was working and stopped by to check on her, and we told her we were there to help her through this. Heather started fixing her hair for her, Kristin came in and one thing led to another. Courtney started to open up and tell us what had happened. I thought you’d be pleased that she talked to us.”
“Pleased? What you’re telling me is incredible!” I’m more than pleased.”
“Well, good. I know you guys have been killing yourselves all week trying to find her, but sometimes it takes a woman to understand another woman’s deepest secrets and get her to open up.” She took another sip of wine. 
“Are you mad at me?” she asked.
“Of course not. I love you! You girls just broke this case wide open!”  I got up and gave her a kiss on her forehead.
“Do you think Courtney will speak with me? Will she give us a statement?” I asked, the words spilling out.
“I think so, but if she doesn’t, I have our conversation recorded on my phone.”
“You what?”
“I said I recorded our conversation! You’re not listening to me!” 
I needed to settle down. The excitement of what I was hearing was causing too many questions to race through my mind.
“Courtney said it was all right to do it. She’s scared she’ll have to tell her story over and over. That won’t help her recover, it’ll only put her in a deeper hole. Can’t you just use the recording?”
I had to think on that. I was being offered a recording of a kidnapping victim who was now also a material witness in a murder. I didn’t solicit the recording; it was being offered to me.
“Who else knows about the recording?”
“Just the four of us girls, …. and Lindsey.”
“Lindsey? Lindsey Moran, our lawyer?”
“Yeah, Lindsey Moran. She’s Courtney’s lawyer now.”
“How did Lindsey get pulled into this?” I asked. The more she was explaining what she’d done, the more confused I was getting.
“Courtney’s scared that her father wants her dead. She wants protection from him and Luciana. I told her who Lindsey was and how we knew her. She agreed to let me call her. So, I did.”
She sat and stared at me. The last five minutes had ripped the case wide open. I had to make some semblance of order out of all of this.
“What makes her think her father wants her dead?” I asked. I was thinking if she’d made that comment, it didn’t seem to fit in with everything else she’d told Mandy.
“Courtney said she and her father had a huge argument about her boyfriend Jimmy when she told him they were planning on hiking the Appalachian Trail. She said in the heat of the moment, she was screaming at him for his insults about Jimmy and she asked him what was he was going to do about it?  Kill him like he killed Star?”
“Are you kidding me?” She asked her father that?” 
“I’m not kidding. It’s all on my phone. You need to listen to it for yourself.” 
 I asked Mandy not to replay the recording just now, explaining I needed to run these new developments by Damian. She asked why.
 I explained I had concerns about whether what she’d done by recording their conversation could be used as evidence in the case.
She shook her head, obviously not interested in legal semantics. She got up and said she was going to change her clothes. As she started toward the slider door into the family room, she stopped and turned around.
“By the way, Lindsey and Judge Moran are coming over this evening around seven. Maybe he can answer your legal questions.”
Another unexpected announcement.
“Why are they coming over?”
“Lindsey said she wanted to talk with you about Courtney before she goes to the hospital and speaks with her.”
I stood there as Mandy headed for the bedroom. It was incredible that Courtney had opened up to her, but this was an ongoing investigation. I needed to be careful how much I disclosed to outsiders. Admittedly, if Lindsey was going to represent Courtney, I’d need her cooperation with setting up a formal interview. I called Damian.
It took me a few minutes to explain the basics of Courtney’s statements to Mandy. Like me, he was speechless for a minute when I finished.
“Do you mean to tell me that these three women took it upon themselves to investigate the girl’s kidnapping?” he asked angrily.
I corrected him, pointing out that it sounded to me as if Courtney’s statements were spontaneous, and Mandy had presence of mind to know how important the information was, so she convinced Courtney to let her record them. We should be grateful that she realized the importance of what she was being told, I said in defense of her. Damian thought on that for a minute.
“Okay. A few things. First, and most important, you need to depose the girl under oath. I’m talking formally. You’ll have to find a court certified stenographer out there to work with you.”
“I can do that,” I responded.
“Second. You said the girl claims she witnessed her father kill his wife. Does she mean she saw him actually strangle her, or did she just see him hanging her body?”
I answered I didn’t know what she had meant.
“Okay. You’ll need to clarify that in the deposition. Now, third. She says she overhead the new woman, what’s her name?”
“Luciana, or her real name; Amelina Flores.”
“Okay, we’ll stick with Luciana. The girl says she overheard her tell this Billy Ray character, “you killed him you bury  him.” I assume she’s referring to this Uncle Adam guy you say is Powell’s missing business partner. Is that correct?” I answered yes.
“That begs a question. Is he really her uncle, or is that what she calls a close family friend? You need to get her to clarify that. Understand?”
“I understand.”
“Good, now four. You need to press her to see if she can tell us where she thinks this Adam is buried. That’s extremely important. You need to solidly establish her credibility before I contact the US Attorney in Atlanta to launch an FBI search of the property she’s talking about.”
“Wait a minute,” I interrupted. “Are you saying you’re going to bypass the local authority and make this a federal investigation?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m saying. From what we’ve heard, this Powell character has a significant influence on the local and state levels. I don’t want any attempts by the locals to interfere in the investigation.”
“Okay, I understand.”
“Five. We need to flesh out the motive for the girl’s kidnapping. Was it a hoax orchestrated by her father and,…, what’s her name again?”
“Luciana.”
“Right. Luciana. Did the two of them set this up, or did she freelance this to extort a million dollars from Powell on her own initiative? Getting that answer is critical. It doesn’t sound as if there’s enough evidence to arrest Powell for his wife’s murder, but it bears looking into by the local authorities. Are you writing all this down?”
“I am now,” I answered. As we were talking, I’d walked into the kitchen and grabbed a pencil and piece of notepaper.
“All right. The next piece of this is the kidnapper. The girl’s alleging  that he killed the guy he buried. If the FBI finds the body, I’d be inclined to add the murder charge to his kidnapping case here in Boston only if you can link the two crimes. Are you in agreement?”
I told him I was.
“All right. one more thing. Not directly related to the kidnapping, but to another matter I can’t go into at the moment. See what the girl says about her father’s government work. Specifically, if she knows anything about weapons he’s buying and shipping with his government contracts.”
This request threw me. What did he mean, “he couldn’t go into the matter at the moment?” Before I could ask, he continued..
“Okay, last but most important. You have to find this Luciana or whatever name she’s using,” he said.
“I’m expecting the FBI agent from Colorado to arrive sometime tomorrow. As soon as he lands at Logan I’m going to send him out to work with you. You must find this woman as soon as possible.”
I told him I understood and would get the ball roiling on my end. In hindsight, I’m glad I’d called him. He’d made order out of the confusing pieces of information I’d given him. I had a lot of work to do.









































	




Chapter 22

At twenty minutes before eleven the next morning I was sitting in the waiting room at the Medical Center, waiting for Mandy and Lindsey. Last evening, Lindsey and her husband, retired Judge Forrest Moran, had come to our house to discuss her representation of Courtney Powell.
Our get together was business, not social. Judge Moran had been one of our professors in law school, I briefed him on the information Mandy had received from Courtney The bottom line was he felt there was no legal concern that would prohibit me from using the information I’d received from her. He strongly suggested, though, in my written reports I not mention Mandy’s recording of Courtney’s disclosure. He stressed the importance of getting her deposition under oath, as Damian had instructed.
Lindsey told us of her volunteer pro-bono work with the Women’s Center in nearby Pittsfield. She said Courtney’s situation fit in with her representation of battered and sexually abused women. Courtney was lucky to have such experienced and knowledgeable legal talent in her corner.
As we talked, they had many questions about the case. I’d decided if we were going to work together, they needed to know what the government’s plan was to bring the guilty parties to trial. I held nothing back. 
When they asked questions about my shooting Billy Ray Sauder, I had second thoughts about being so forthcoming. I saw the expression change on Mandy’s face.
Up to that point she’d been a passive listener, sipping her glass of wine and occasionally munching on the celery, carrots, chips and salsa dip she’d prepared for us.
Now, the color in her cheeks was pale. I saw she was firmly clutching her wineglass, holding it close to her breast with both hands. Lindsey and Judge Moran didn’t seem to notice. Their inquiry was focused on facts, not emotions.
I did my best to minimize what had happened, explaining my actions were instinctive and guided by my experience and training. I made the mistake of saying it was a kill or be killed moment.
I saw Mandy’s head snap back. She stared at me.
“If you saw how he’d brutalized Courtney, would you have killed him instead of shooting the gun out of his hand?” she asked, raising her voice. The look in her eyes was ice cold.  
“I was aiming for his heart. I missed.”
After a few moments, she slowly nodded her head. I think she understood that I too had misgivings about not killing the man.
Lindsey and Judge Moran exchanged concerned looks with each other. Thankfully, they didn’t pursue the subject.
I asked Mandy to play back the recording she’d made of Courtney at the hospital. It would be the first time I actually listened to it. I set up my phone to record hers. We listened in rapt silence. Everything that Mandy had told me was verified by the recording.
When it finished, and after listening to my briefing, Lindsey and Judge Moran expressed amazement at how the case was both complex and heartbreaking. The horrific harm that had been done to Courtney, the cold-blooded murder of elderly widower Noel Royce and the mysterious disappearance of Powell’s employee, Adam Mullard.
After another half-hour of discussion, we had a plan.
Mandy called an Administrator at the hospital, with whom she and Lindsey had worked with earlier this year to put together a nursing school scholarship funded by our charitable Foundation. She explained what I needed to do in my current investigation; the Administrator agreed to make some calls to alert the nursing staff that we’d need privacy in Courtney’s room for an attorney-client meeting.
Lindsey called the stenographer her law firm regularly used and arranged for her to meet us at the hospital at eleven tomorrow morning.
I called Matt Holcomb and told him about our plan. He said he wanted to sit in during the interview. I wasn’t comfortable with that.
He’d literally put his life on the line to rescue Courtney, but I needed to consider her current fragile condition. 
As tactfully as I could, I explained I wanted to make the interview as stress free for her as I could, and the fewer people involved, the more comfortable she would feel. Thankfully, he said he understood after I assured him I’d share with him what she had told me.
Now, sitting in the hospital waiting room, I saw a young woman pulling a compact wheeled luggage carrier enter and look around. I guessed she was Lindsey’s stenographer. As I rose to walk over to her, I saw Mandy and Lindsey step out of a visitor elevator. Lindsey acknowledged the young woman and walked over to greet her; Mandy waved for me to join them. Lindsey introduced her as Susan McCrae.
“We’re ready any time you are” Lindsey said as she turned to me. “We met with Courtney. Mandy fixed her hair and helped her with some makeup. Prepare yourself. Her face still is very swollen.”
I said I understood. In my mind, I wasn’t looking forward to putting her through this, but it had to be done.
"She understands what she has to do. But I’m telling you up front, she’s very, very nervous. I’m asking you to go slow and easy with her,” Lindsey added as we headed to the elevator with the stenographer.
I assured her I understood, and I’d do my best not to upset her.
We rode up to the fourth floor in silence. As we headed down the hallway, I saw a trooper and deputy standing guard outside Courtney’s room.   
We went into the room, Courtney was sitting up in the bed, her back propped up with pillows. She was wearing a pink flowered pajama top; her hair was combed back into a ponytail. She had two IV lines going, one in each arm. The monitor mounted on a stand above the headboard showed me her heart rhythm was fast but steady. Her face was swollen, but much less than when I’d last seen her at the cabin.
Lindsey introduced me, she reached out her hand to me. As I started to release it, she squeezed her fingers around mine.
“Thank you for saving my life,” she softly said, her voice cracking as she spoke. I held her hand for a moment and smiled before I let go.
The stenographer set up her equipment and nodded to Lindsey she was ready. I pulled a chair up to the foot of the bed, offset so Courtney wouldn’t have to strain her neck to see me.
 Lindsey opened the session by telling her the statement would be under oath, she said she understood. Lindsey asked her to tell us what had happened to her when she and Jimmy Jenkins camped for the night.
Courtney spoke softly as she described their last night on the trail. Her story was essentially consistent with what Jimmy Jenkins had told the detectives when he was being treated at the hospital.
They were sleeping when a man wearing a ski mask ripped their tent away from covering them. He attacked Jimmy, who tried to fight him off.
She said she tried to help Jimmy; the man punched her hard in the stomach. She said the blow knocked the wind out of her and she fell onto her back. 
She saw the man pick up a rock and hit Jimmy on the head two or three times, knocking him unconscious.
I could see she was now trembling uncontrollably. She paused. Lindsey motioned to the stenographer to pause transcribing. She and Mandy went to the bedside to comfort her. It took a few minutes for her to regain composure and continue.
She said she screamed; the man slapped her hard in the face. The next thing she knew she was lying on her stomach; the man was on top of  her back.  He put duct tape across her mouth, forced her hands behind her back and put what she called plastic handcuffs on her.
She said she laid on the ground as the man went through their belongings, throwing things around. He found Jimmy’s gun and pointed it at her, telling her if she moved he’d kill her.
I saw she was licking her lips; her speech had become thick tongued. Mandy poured her a glass of ice water and we again paused the interview. She wiped some tears from her eyes with a tissue.
I spoke for the first time, telling her she was doing fine, and to just take her time. In a few moments, she continued.
The man dragged her through the woods for about five minutes until they came to a path that led down the hillside. She said the man was dragging her, slapping her each time she fell in the thick brush alongside the path.
The last thing she remembered about being in the woods was that they came out near the road. She realized where they were because a car’s headlights went by them; the man pushed her down so she couldn’t be seen. He threw her into the back seat of a car and put the seatbelt on her so she couldn’t move. She said she remembered the car smelled like it was brand new.
She thought she had passed out. The next thing she recalled was waking to find her hands and one foot were tied with rags to the bed- posts of an old brass bed. 
She said the smell was horrible, and she gagged, struggling to breathe. The duct tape across her mouth made her feel as if she was suffocating.
Suddenly she closed her eyes and winced; she began crying hysterically. Lindsey signaled the stenographer to stop, she and Mandy rushed to the bedside to comfort her. I glanced at the heart monitor above the bed and saw her pulse was racing. Suddenly she cried out.
“He raped me! Oh God! Why is he doing this? Please God! No! Stop!” She was convulsing. Her words were almost unintelligible. Her head dropped to the side against the pillow. She had passed out.
Mandy grabbed the nurse call button and frantically pressed it. I looked over at the stenographer and saw tears streaming down her cheeks. Lindsey grabbed a towel from the bedside table, dipped the end into the pitcher of ice water and held it to the side of Courtney’s face. The trooper and sheriff who’d been standing guard outside the closed door rushed into the room; on their heels were two  nurses.
As the nurses checked her vitals, Courtney opened her eyes. They were glassy, her face pale. The older of the two nurses looked over at me. She made no effort to hide her concern for her patient.
“This is not a good idea to be putting her through this!” she said angrily as she looked at the monitor.
“She’s tachycardiac and her BP has spiked.”  
She pulled a small portable phone out of her pocket and quickly dialed a number. I overheard her speaking with someone whom I assumed was a doctor. After a minute, she instructed the younger nurse to prepare a medication, the name of which I wasn’t familiar with.
I had a problem. Do I cancel the interview, or do I wait and see how Courtney responded to the treatment? I decided to wait. We had too much at stake.
I’m not a doctor or psychologist, but my mind was telling me if Courtney was going to heal, she needed to face the nightmare she’d endured and put it behind her. This was a big step in her recovery.
I looked over at Mandy; she stared at me. Her eyes told me she was pleading that I stop this. I repeatedly opened and closed both hands in a fist. I took a deep breath. I had to think. The thoughts raced through my brain. What do I do?  I needed the interview to continue.
The older nurse looked over at me, the stenographer and the two officers.
“You must wait out in the hall,” she sternly ordered, motioning toward the door by nodding her head. 
 As we were exiting the room, the younger nurse re-appeared carrying a syringe. Internally I groaned. If they were going to sedate Courtney, my window of opportunity to question her would be slammed shut. I had no choice but to wait this out. The door to her room closed.
About ten minutes later the door opened, the older nurse stepped into the hall.
“We’ve given her a mild sedative. She says she wants to talk with you. I told her she doesn’t have to, but she’s insisting.” she said. 
Looking me straight in the eye she added, “I hope you realize what you’re doing to this girl.”
 She stood there for a moment before walking away.
As the stenographer and I went back into the room, Mandy and Lindsey were standing next to the head of the bed, one on each side. I could tell from the looks they were giving me they were having doubts I was doing the right thing. 
In a weak voice, Courtney apologized. I raised my hand for her to stop and stepped close to the bedside. I reached out and took her hand. I was taken aback by how cold it was.
“Courtney, you don’t have to say anything else about what he did to you in the cabin. We know what happened. Now I need you to help me understand some other things. Do you feel up to that?”
She answered yes in a weak voice. I looked over at the stenographer and told her we were ready to start again.
I told Courtney I was aware of what she’d said about Adam Mullard and asked why she referred to him as Uncle Adam.
She answered Mullard had worked with her father since he first started his car sales business when she was just a small child. She said over the years the two men had grown as close as brothers. They worked together, their families socialized together, Mullard was always in her life. She said it just felt natural to call him Uncle Adam.
I quickly weighed in my mind how I’d broach the subject of Mullard being dead. As it turned out, it wasn’t necessary.
I said she’d told Mandy he was dead and asked if she knew how he died.
She said she didn’t, but she thought Luciana and her brother-in-law had killed him. I noticed she was avoiding calling Billy Ray by his name, even though he was well known to her.
I asked her to explain what she’d told Mandy about Billy Ray burying Adam’s body. I saw her cringe at the mention of his name. 
She looked over at Lindsey for the first time, as if seeking to know whether she should answer. Lindsey nodded her head in approval.
“I’d been out shopping. When I came home, I went into the house through the kitchen door. They were out on the back terrace and they were arguing. She was yelling at him, swearing and telling him he was stupid.”
I interrupted.
“You said they. Who do you mean?”
She hesitated for a moment and looked down at her hands that were resting on her lap.
“Luciana and…and…” She didn’t want to say his name.
“Luciana and Billy Ray?” I asked.
Again, she hesitated before answering. “Yes.”
“What were they arguing about?”
“Where he buried Uncle Adam.”
“How did you know they were talking about him? Did they say his name?”
She thought for a moment.
“No, not his name, but she was saying something about him messing up their plans by suing my father and that he got what he deserved.”
“So, they never said the name Adam?”
“No. But I knew who they were talking about because I heard my father yelling and swearing after a sheriff came to the house a couple of weeks before that and served papers on him. He kept saying over and over Adam’s a dead man for doing this to me. He was a wild man; swearing and throwing things around the living room.”
I looked over at Lindsey. I sensed our minds were on the same track. Courtney had just said her father threatened to kill Adam Mullard.
“Okay, so your father was angry that Adam was suing him. How do you know he was murdered?”
Courtney sat up straight on the bed. “Because I heard him tell her he was still bleeding from where he stabbed him, and he needed more plastic to wrap the body before he moved it.”
“Who said that? Your father?”
“No!”
“Who then? You heard Billy Ray say that?”
“Yes!”
“Those exact words? He’s still bleeding from where I stabbed him?”
“Yes!”
“Courtney, do you know where he buried Adam?”
I saw tears well up in her eyes; she looked over at Lindsey. Her chin dropped down to her chest. I saw her slowly turn her head side to side. She was fighting denial. I gave her a moment.
“Courtney, Adam is dead. I see now how much he meant to you. I’m sorry for your loss. He deserves to be put to rest in peace. I need you to tell me where he is so we can help him rest in peace.”
I looked over at Mandy. A tear was slowly trickling from her eye, leaving a trail from her mascara.
I saw Courtney’s eyes were becoming glassy. I sensed the sedative she’d been given was taking effect. I had only minutes left with her.
“Courtney! Courtney? Look at me, Hon. I need you to help me find Adam. Where did Billy Ray bury him?”
She didn’t respond.
“Courtney? Look at me. I need you to help me. Where did Billy Ray bury Uncle Adam?”
“Out back in the scrap yard.”
“I don’t understand. What scrap yard?”
“Out in back, down by the creek. My father has old scrap metal and cars and truck parts that his men have dumped down there for years.”
I saw she was fidgeting in the bed; the pillows behind her back had slipped down to the small of her back.. Mandy went over and re-adjusted them.
“Did you see Billy Ray with Adam’s body?”
She hesitated again, looking over at Lindsey. She ran her tongue across her lips; her mouth was dry. Sensing her need, Lindsey handed her the cup of ice water. It refreshed her. She spoke again, slowly, but more clearly.
“I saw him come out of the barn driving Daddy’s payloader. There was something in the bucket. It was big and had blue plastic on it.”
“A tarp maybe?”
Yeah, I guess I’d call it that. I saw him drive down into the valley to where the scrapyard is.”
“Where were you when you saw this happening?”
“I was sitting on the balcony outside my bedroom, I heard the machine start up. That’s what made me look.”
“Courtney, how do you know that’s where he buried Adam?”
I noticed her hands were shaking. Her eyes darted between looking at Lindsey, then Mandy.
“Because when he came back to the barn, the bucket was empty.”
 I was confused by what she was saying. I had no proof that it was Adam’s body that Billy Ray was moving.
She looked at me. I could see the medication was starting to work.
“You don’t believe me, do you?”  she softly said.
 I didn’t answer. I realized she was trying to be helpful, but I was seriously doubting I could do anything with what she had told us.
“Go look yourself!” she snapped in anger. “I went down there the next day and saw he moved the old red car. The ground under it was dug up where it’s been for years, and I saw the dirt was smoothed over. I know he buried him under there!”
I asked her to explain the red car. She said years ago her father had race cars, the old ones were dumped in the scrap pile.
I questioned how she knew the red car had been moved. She repeated it had been in the same spot for years. She saw now it had been dragged to the side and pushed back to where it had been, but was facing in a different direction.
I sat and ran through my mind what she’d told us. I needed to brief  Damian to see if he thought we had enough information to contact the FBI Atlanta field office for assistance.
We would need them to get a search warrant for Sam Powell’s property, but that would be tricky. The Federal government didn’t have  jurisdiction, Adam Mullard’s missing persons case was being handled by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, not the FBI. We’d first have to contact Lieutenant Billy Sullivan in Georgia and get his department on board to seek FBI assistance. 
In the back of my mind, I had a concern we’d get pushback. Sam Powell had political connections; not just locally, but on the State and Federal levels. So far, the FBI had been reluctant to get involved in the kidnapping case. Why, I still didn’t know. How would they react to this new information?
I looked over at Courtney. She was lying back against the pillows; her head drooping to the side, her eyes shut. It was obvious the sedative had taken hold. I looked at Lindsey; she made a motion with her hand for me to end the session.  
The stenographer packed up her equipment as Mandy fixed the bedcovers surrounding Courtney. She finally looked peaceful as she slept. When they finished, we went out to the hallway.
“What do you think?” Lindsey asked as she leaned back against the wall. The look on her face betrayed her efforts to hide the emotional toll Courtney’s words had taken on her.
I answered that I’d hoped to ask her about the deaths of her two stepmothers, but I could see she was on the brink of a breakdown.
 She had suffered enough. I couldn’t get it out of my mind that somehow Sam Powell was involved in her kidnapping, but I kept my thoughts to myself.
“What are you doing to find this Luciana woman?” Mandy asked.
I explained now that I had FBI assistance from Damian’s office, we could expand our search for her.
Mandy looked back toward the partially open door to Courtney’s room.
“That woman should burn in Hell for what she did to that girl,” she said. I saw the bitterness in her eyes.
“I promise you; she’ll pay for what she’s done,” I answered.
We said our goodbyes, Lindsey’s stenographer said she’d have a transcript of the interview available for review tomorrow morning. 
Mandy and I headed home. After we arrived, I settled in and worked on an arrest warrant application for Amelina Flores a/k/a Luciana Cabral, among other names.
When I finished, I realized I’d lost track of time again. When I’d started, Mandy had said she was going to work outside. I looked at my watch; it was coming up on five pm. I went out to the deck to check on her.
By now I shouldn’t be surprised, but I was. She was flying her drone, with our neighbors Erik and Bernie Nichols sitting in lawn chairs as her audience. I couldn’t help but smile. 
She’d been through Hell the past twenty-four hours, but she’d shown strength that was amazing. Now, here was Mandy the woman -child, playing with her new toy like a little kid. I envied the freedom she was enjoying. As for me, the most challenging part of the investigation was staring me in the face.






























Chapter 23

Mandy and I arrived at the Red Lion Inn at seven forty-five the next morning. Last evening Damian Costigan had called and told me three FBI agents from his office would arrive at the Inn late in the evening. I decided we’d have a breakfast meeting with them. Mandy made arrangements over the phone for us to have a continental breakfast set up in one of the conference rooms. 
We also invited Lindsey and Judge Forrest Moran and Sheriff’s Lieutenant Matt Holcomb to join us. It was an unorthodox move, but Courtney Powell was their client, and I expected questions about the multi-jurisdictional aspect of the case. Judge Moran’s vast knowledge of the law would be invaluable to help me navigate through any legal questions that might come up. Matt was invited more as a professional courtesy.
I had also called Freddy Morton, who was still in town. He offered to set up a video link to Damian Costigan in Boston. As we entered the conference room, true to form, Freddy was already sampling the food buffet spread out on a long table. When he saw us, he said we were good to go with the video conference.
I greeted the three agents, Tom Mulhern, Ed Shanahan and Mickey Goodsell, and introduced them to Mandy. Judge Moran and Lindsey who arrived a few minutes later, as did Agent Ted Burnett from Las Vegas, who had driven down from Logan Airport in Boston.
After enjoying the sumptuous offering of breakfast foods, I called the meeting to order.
I presented an overview of the kidnapping case. The agents were amazed it had taken so long for law enforcement to put together the many alias names used by Amelina Flores. 
Hadn’t anyone matched her fingerprints? That their first question. More baffling was the fact we could find no evidence that she’d ever actually served time in prison. I said it was our task to change that. The discussion centered on what we knew about Amelina. 
Agent Burnett made a presentation based on his two-year investigation. He’d brought with him a series of mugshots he’d received from the various police agencies that had arrested her. Again, the agents were amazed that over the years she’d changed her appearance primarily with the style and color of her hair. When he displayed the mugshot from her arrest in Miami, it brought smiles to the group’s faces, especially the agents. It was obvious Amelina, who was then using the alias Rosa Rodriguez, had significantly increased the size of her breasts. I gave a quick look over at Mandy, who had a knowing smile on her face.
After Agent Burnett finished speaking, the group focused on common denominators linking the cases. The connections were obvious. 
Amelina targeted wealthy older men she would meet at casinos and  she somehow managed to marry them fairly quickly in the relationship.
Judging from the looks the agents were giving each other, I was thankful no one dared to speculate on why that was occurring.
 Since Agent Burnett was most familiar with how Amelina operated, I asked where he would suggest as a starting point in our hunt for her. He stressed we should look in the casinos in the area where she was last known to be. Her history was telling us that was her safe place. Immediately. the two casinos just over the border in Connecticut came to my mind.
The senior Boston Agent, Ed Shanahan, said from previous cases he’d worked on, he had contacts within the Connecticut State Police units assigned at both the State’s casinos. He asked me to provide copies of the most recent photos we had of Amelina, and a list of known alias names and said he’d arrange a briefing for the Connecticut authorities.
Agent Mickey Goodsell said using the same information he’d put together an intelligence package for distribution to FBI offices nationwide. His offer begged a question from the group. Was there a warrant for her arrest for Courtney Powell’s kidnapping?
I informed the group I’d drawn up a warrant application. Damian, who up to this point had been only listening, spoke up. 
He said he’d call Judge Miriam O’Connell in Springfield and set up an appointment for me to meet with her today for her review of the application.
He said he’d contact me when the arrangements were completed, adding he wanted the warrant issued immediately.
I looked over at Freddy. I’d noticed during the discussion he’d been working on his laptop. I couldn’t imagine that he’d been taking notes.
I minimized my discussion of the pending missing person’s case involving Sam Powell’s ex-employee Adam Mullard, explaining only that there was an active investigation in Georgia that might give insight to the motive for Courtney’s kidnapping. I stressed that at the present time I couldn’t comment further without additional information. Our focus needed to be on locating and arresting Amelina Flores a/k/a Luciana Cabral.
With the agreement of the group that we had a plan, we adjourned.
I spoke briefly with Lindsey and Judge Moran. They were pleased with the meeting’s outcome, adding Lindsey had a court appearance later this afternoon to obtain a protective order against Courtney’s father and any known or unnamed persons connected with his business activities. Known or unnamed persons was a legal concept I’d never heard before, but I didn’t pursue a discussion.
After the group dispersed, I saw Freddy was still sitting at the far end of the room next to the buffet table. As he was working on his computer, he would frequently reach over and avail himself to a large platter that had once been filled to capacity with  fresh sliced fruit. I went over and asked him what he was working on.
“It's that damn ship,” he said when I noticed he had the GPS maritime tracking map on the screen.
“What about it?” I asked.
“It’s moving again. Get this. It looks like it’s now on a course to Savannah.”
“What?”
“Yup! Savannah, Georgia. Here, see for yourself,” he said as he tilted the laptop so I could get a better view.
I couldn’t understand how the ship carrying the tactical RVs could be related to Courtney’s kidnapping, but for some reason, Freddy was persistent in his interest.
“Maybe when you saw the ship was stationary it did have a mechanical issue, and it’s heading to Savannah for repairs,” I offered.
He thought for a few seconds. “No. I’m not buying that. I think they made an offshore delivery, and my guess it was the rifles and ammunition.”
What he was saying made no sense to me. It sounded like he was guessing. Before I could respond, he asked me to look at something he’d just brought up on the laptop screen.
“What’s that?” I asked, perplexed by what appeared to be a form.
“Remember the other day when I said Sam Powell’s jet made a quick trip to the Dominican Republic?”
“Yeah, I remember.”
“This is the flight manifest the pilot had to file. There was a crew of two and only one passenger.”
I looked at the form. The one passenger was listed as Luciana Cabral.
I was totally confused. “Where did you find that?”
He looked over at me. “Don’t ask. Just trust me. This is the manifest the pilot filed. Why do you think she made a quick trip to the island?”
I didn’t know if he was expecting an answer or he was suggesting that he knew why. I wasn’t in the mood for a guessing game.
“You tell me.”
“I think she’s Cartel,” was his blunt assessment.
I didn’t know what to say. My brain was already on overload from trying to figure out how we’d track her down.
“I don’t know,” I said. “Keep an eye on the ship and keep me posted.”
I looked around and saw Mandy was coming back into the conference room. I hadn’t noticed she’d left.
“Hey! Are you ready to go? I took care of the bill for the buffet. I’m ready any time you are,” she said as she glanced down at Freddy’s computer.
 He quickly minimized the manifest screen. I told Mandy I was ready. We said our goodbyes to the agents who were still in the room talking, and headed out.
We didn’t talk on the drive home. My mind was preoccupied with the notion that Luciana, or whatever name she was now using, would go on the hunt for another target to fleece so soon after she’d killed someone. Had she ended her relationship with Sam Powell?  If she had, why? Was that the motive for the kidnapping? Revenge? I  had it in my head we were dealing with a true psychotic personality.
Just as I turned into our driveway, Mandy asked, “Are you all right?”
I pulled up to the garage, put the car in park and shut it off. A thought came to mind. I looked over at her.
“Have you ever gone to a casino? I asked.
“WHAT?”
“I said, have you ever gone to a casino?”
She looked at me as if I’d completely lost my mind.
“Are you all right? Ever since the other night when you shot that guy, you haven’t been the same. Do you think you should see a doctor?”
I told her I was all right, I just felt like I needed to be doing more to find Luciana.
“But Damian sent you some of his people to help you. You said you have a plan. Why don’t you just let it go and see what happens?”
I looked over at her. “I just can’t sit back and wait. Listen, as soon as Damian calls and tells me when I can go over to Springfield and get the arrest warrant issued, while I’m doing that you can call the casino in Ledyard Connecticut and book us a room for a couple of days. It’s about a two-hour drive from here. We can leave first thing in the morning.”
“But, what makes you think that’s where she is?”
Before I could answer, my cellphone beeped. I pulled it out of my pocket and saw it was Damian. I answered and put it on speaker. He said Judge O’Connell would review the arrest warrant application as soon as I could get to Springfield. I thanked him and ended the call.
“We’re really going to do this?” Mandy asked.
“Yeah. I just have a feeling that’s where she is. Don’t ask me to explain; I just have a feeling.”
“But what are we going to do at the casino?”
“Me? I’m going to work. You? You can have a chance at breaking the bank!”
“Whose? There’s or ours?” she asked with a grin. I didn’t answer. I saw this was the first time I’d seen her smile since she got her drone.
We went inside, I quickly freshened up and printed out the warrant application I’d prepared. I asked Mandy to make the reservation for us  and pack some clothes for me while I was gone. Twenty minutes later I was on the road for the hour drive to Springfield.
I was processed through the lobby security checkpoint at the courthouse and was sitting in front of Judge O’Connell ten minutes later.
“A job well done, Counsellor!” she said in greeting. “I would have bet you wouldn’t find the girl alive. “She leaned over her desk toward me. “How is she?”
I explained that she’d been brutally assaulted but was expected to live. I saw the tendons in her neck tighten. She looked at the heading on the warrant.
“This warrant is for a woman who was a co-conspirator and also murdered an elderly man who was a potential witness?:
I answered that was correct.
“And the man that you shot? He was the kidnapper?”
Yes.”
“And his condition? Is he expected to live?”
“Yes.”
She took off her glasses and looked at me.
“Is it true you shot a gun out of his hand?”
“Yes.”
She smiled at me. “Humph! I guess you’ll have to work on your marksmanship.”
The judge put her glasses on and spent a solid ten minutes slowly reading through the affidavit I’d prepared. When she finished, she looked up and removed her glasses; I waited for her to speak.
“The contents of this affidavit are the truth so help you God?” she asked.
I started to stand, she motioned for me to sit.
“Yes Your Honor.”
”All right then. Your warrant application is granted. One count of Kidnapping and one count of Conspiracy. I’m sealing the warrant application and set bond at two million dollars, cash only.”
I was dumbfounded by the high bond  she was setting. She took off her glasses and rubbed her eyes. She looked at me for a long moment.
“Do you really think you’ll find her?”  
“Yes, I honestly think I know where to look for her.”
She studied me again, then rose from her chair. I stood up. In her hand she had the arrest warrant document and the affidavit I’d written.
“C’mon, I’ll have my secretary give you two certified copies of the original and she’ll fax a copy to Damian.”
I followed her out to the reception area, it only took a few minutes for her secretary to complete the tasks. Judge Connolly handed me my copies and offered her hand. She stepped closer to me.
“When you find her, if you have to shoot her, try and aim better,” she whispered.
Ten minutes later I was in my car headed back to Stockbridge.
Twenty minutes into my trip, I got a call from FBI Agent Ed Shanahan in Boston. I had called him just before I’d left the house and told him of my plan to go to the casino in Connecticut.
He responded he had reached out to his Connecticut police liaison State Police Lieutenant Jimmy Finnegan. 
Agent Shanahan had explained the State Police didn’t have troopers stationed at the casino, a Tribal police force was in place. State Police responded in situations involving major crimes. He said that the Lieutenant would make it a point to go to the casino in the morning and wait for my arrival. The Lieutenant asked that he get the message to me to have the registration desk call the police office when I checked in. He would meet with me to help with getting oriented to the casino. I appreciated the offer as I’d never been there before. I thanked Shanahan for the message.
“I’m surprised your heading out there. Is there anything you know you haven’t shared with us?”  he asked as I was getting ready to end the call.
I told him no; I was acting on a strong hunch Amelina, whom we knew as Luciana Cabral, must realize by now she was wanted for the Powell girl’s kidnapping and the murder of Noel Royce. Everything we’d learned about her pointed to her ability to change her identity and appearance quickly, and latch onto older wealthy single men who frequented casinos. I explained that was her addictive lifestyle and I had a feeling that’s what she’d turn to.
I explained if she had in fact split from Sam Powell, she’d need to quickly settle into her “safe zone.” I had a hunch she was still in the area and the two Connecticut casinos were the logical places to look for her. He said that was a long shot, but agreed it made sense.
 He added Damian had informed him that the arrest warrant had been issued for her in her correct name, Amelina Flores, and he’d    faxed a copy to the Connecticut authorities along with a montage of mug shots from her arrests under her various alias names. I thanked him for his assistance.
When I arrived home, I found Mandy in our home office on the computer. She asked how I made out’ I told her the warrant had been issued. I glanced at her monitor and saw she was researching the casino.
“This place looks so cool!” she said. “They have all sorts of gambling things, but the best is they have tons of shops. While we’re there, you should get yourself some new clothes. I was looking in your closet and what you have is mostly for your work. You need more casual clothes.”
I looked at her. I was on the hunt for a cold-blooded murderer and kidnapper and she wanted me to go shopping. I didn’t dare ask where the clothes her scarecrow was wearing came from.





















































Chapter 24

“Oh Wow!” Mandy exclaimed as the casino came into view. “I feel like I’m in the Wizard of Oz and this is Emerald City! This place is magnificent!”
I had to agree with her. Having never been here before, the approach road lined with traditional New England style homes and commercial buildings serves as the gateway to the looming structure that seems to appear out of nowhere. It was truly a surprise.
 I pulled up to the valet parking area at the main entrance of the hotel. We were promptly serviced, our bags placed on a rolling cart that we used to enter the lobby. Our first impression was one of awe at the décor. I approached the counter and identified myself, explaining I had a reservation. The young woman receptionist promptly typed my name into her computer. I noticed a look of surprise on her face.
“Oh! Mr. Richardson! Welcome! I see a note here to notify our law enforcement office to assist you with getting settled. One moment please,” she said as she picked up a phone.
“Is there a problem?” Mandy quietly asked.
I told her no, a State Police Lieutenant Finnegan was expecting us. 
In just a few minutes, an attractive young woman wearing a navy-blue pantsuit approached us. She identified herself as Trooper Karen Shea. We shook hands; I introduced Mandy.
Tpr. Shea gathered our room door key cards from the receptionist and escorted us to the suite Mandy had reserved.  
The trooper used her cell phone and notified Lieutenant Finnegan that we’d arrived. After a brief conversation, she said she’d escort us to the Tribal law enforcement office to meet him. 
She said while I was meeting with the Lieutenant, she’d give Mandy a quick tour of the complex, especially the shops. It took us a few minutes to get settled, as we did, the trooper explained her department’s operations at the complex.
She said the casino was under the control of a Tribal Authority and maintained its own police force, all of whom were certified Connecticut police officers. The State Police were on call to respond to assist with major crimes.
We took the long way to the law enforcement offices, with Tpr. Shea pointing out the various gaming rooms, restaurants and shops. As we walked, Mandy tightly gripped my hand. I could feel the excitement she was fighting to contain.
My meeting with Lt. Finnegan went well. It took me about ten minutes to fill him in on the case details. When I finished, he took me on a tour of the casino’s Video Operations Center. To say I was overwhelmed by the camera system they were using was an understatement. In addition to all the main public areas, technicians were monitoring close up video of many of the gaming tables. Lt. Finnegan explained the high stakes tables were frequently those where cheating and the rare occasions of employee theft occurred. 
He commented that most of the major cases his team worked on involved professional criminals who travelled the country going from casino to casino to ply their trade. In my mind, his description perfectly fit the profile of Amelina Flores.
“I realize you only have a hunch your suspect is here,” he said. “If she is, this is where we’ll probably get our first look at her.”  
I saw that at almost every workstation that was monitoring the public areas, his staff had posted a copy of the mugshots taken of Amelina Flores over the past few years. I was impressed by the cooperation I was receiving.
When we finished our tour, Finnegan called Tpr. Shea on her cell and learned they were in one of the slot machine gaming rooms. As we walked, he explained he wanted to assign Tpr. Shea to stay with Mandy. 
His thought was our warrant for Amelina Flores told us she was capable of murder. The last thing he wanted was to have a violent confrontation with her. I was grateful for his consideration.
“Hey! I’ve been here ten minutes and I’ve already won forty dollars!” Mandy said with a huge grin as she sat at a slot machine.
I congratulated her on her good luck but cautioned her not to get used to winning. I noticed Tpr. Shea was discretely standing along a wall about twenty-five feet away.
 She was frequently scanning the crowd at the machines as she monitored Mandy. Lt. Finnegan and I went over to speak with her.
She explained after Mandy had gotten her fill of the slots; they were going to do some shopping and then have lunch. That was a relief. I had it in my mind I needed to come up with a plan to search for Amelina Flores and keeping Mandy occupied was one less thing I had to worry about.
As I looked around the room, I realized finding Amelina would be like trying to find a needle in a haystack. I couldn’t explain why I had a premonition she was here, but I sensed she was close. Suddenly, a thought came to me. I turned and asked Lt. Finnegan how many hotel rooms were in the casino complex. He paused for a few moments before answering. He thought there were two thousand, maybe more.  
I asked if it were possible to get a printout of all the guests who were presently registered as staying on site. Again, he had to think.
“Sure, it’s possible, but it would take some time. Why? What do you have in mind?” he asked.
I explained our research had shown each alias Amelina had used was a Hispanic name. I’d be looking for guests of that ethnicity.
“Well, I get your drift, but have you considered if she is here she may be staying at one of the other hotels or motels outside of the complex?” 
I admitted I hadn’t, but did see the sites he was talking about as we drove in. I explained we had to start somewhere and asked what we needed to do to get a list of current guests.
Lt. Finnegan made a phone call that turned out to be a lengthy discussion. When the call finally ended, he explained.
“I called the data center, they said what you want is easier said than done. They’re suggesting instead of having to run a custom search, we review the room assignments using one of the registrars’ computers.”
I realized that was a simple solution.
“Can you arrange that for me?”
“You mean you’re going to sit and go through the list yourself?”
‘Yeah, if that’s what I have to do, I will.”
Finnegan didn’t immediately answer. As I waited, I had the thought if Freddy Morton were here I wouldn’t be having this conversation.
“All right. C’mon, I’ll help you,” was Finnegan’s response.
After a conversation with the registration desk supervisor, Lt. Finnegan and I settled in at workstations to conduct our review. There were two Towers of rooms, he took one, I took the other. 
The work was tedious, complicated by my request to allow us to print out the registration data for those last names we thought Amelina Flores might be using. My thought was once Lt. Finnegan and I had our list of selected names, we’d first scan them for known alias’s used by Amelina Flores. A second review would rule out names that had local addresses or in adjacent states. 
We’d been at our tasks for almost an hour when there was a change of staff at the registration desk. An older woman taking over seemed to be acquainted with Finnegan. They greeted each other by first names.
“I’m curious,” the woman asked me as she settled in at the workstation next to me. “What is it you’re looking for?”
I wasn’t about to tell her we were looking for a kidnap / murder suspect. I asked if she had worked the desk over the past few days; she said yes. I made up a story that we were trying to locate a missing person.
“Oh? What’s her name?”
I explained we suspected she may be travelling under an assumed name but didn’t know what that was. She thought about my response for a moment.
“Okay then, what does she look like?” she asked.
I looked over at Lt. Finnegan, who had stopped his research and was listening to our conversation. He nodded at me; I took that as a signal it was okay to give the woman Amelina’s description as I knew it, from her using the name Luciana Cabral.
I described her as a Hispanic female, about forty, very attractive, with long dark hair, and that she looked like she could be an actress. The woman stared at me for a moment.
“Would she be travelling by herself?” she asked.
I answered yes, that was probably the case.
The woman didn’t respond, rather she typed something into her computer. I heard her say aloud, “No, that’s not it,” then type some more.
“Ah! Here it is,” she said as she motioned for me to look at her monitor.
I saw the name Maria Menendez. Further down on the registration screen, I saw she listed an address of 42 Calle Roberto, Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. I thought my heart was going to stop. She’s here, I said to myself. I motioned for Lt. Finnegan to take a look.
“You think that’s her?” he asked. I nodded yes.
“What made you think of her, Ellen?” Finnegan asked the woman.
“To be honest, at first  I thought she was someone famous.”
I asked Ellen to explain.
“She arrived by taxi, but I saw she had little luggage with her. When she registered, she gave me a Dominican Passport. I asked for a credit card. She gave me an American Express card but asked if she could use traveler’s checks as her deposit for a five-day stay. I told her yes if they were American Express. She gave me two five-hundred-dollar checks.”
“Was that unusual?” I asked.
“A little, but I scanned them as we’re supposed to, and they were valid, so I accepted them as credit to her account.”
I looked over at Finnegan.
“We get a lot of foreign visitors,” he explained. “The casino prefers credit cards but will accept cash or travelers’ checks with a high deposit; American Express, or similar traveler’s checks.”
“Can you tell us what the charges are on her room right now?” I asked.
She looked over at the Lieutenant; he motioned for her to do as I asked. She typed a few commands into the computer and stepped aside so I could see the monitor. I saw there were the daily room charges, but no additional charges for room service meals. She’d been a guest for the past two days.
“Did I do something wrong?” Ellen asked.
I answered not at all, that it was a complicated situation I couldn’t go into. I asked her if she recalled what the woman looked like. I saw her smile.
“Oh Yeah!” she said as she rolled her eyes. “You couldn’t help not to look at her, especially if you were a man, She was almost falling out of the top of her blouse and had on a tight, short white skirt.” Ellen leaned closer to me and whispered, “Is she a prostitute?”
I smiled but didn’t answer. I asked again if she could describe her, such as hair, jewelry, things like that. She answered her hair was long but was ash blonde color, not dark.  She said she didn’t have any rings on her fingers, or a watch for that matter, which she thought was a bit unusual.
 I looked over at Lt. Finnegan. He thanked Ellen for her help and stressed that what we had discussed was confidential and she shouldn’t share it with anyone, including her supervisor. I could see that struck a chord with her. She alternated looks between Finnegan and me. She agreed she wouldn’t tell anyone.
I asked her to print out the screen for me, which she did. When she handed me the document,  I saw the woman was staying in room 419.
The Lieutenant and I thanked her again and left.
We sat down in chairs in the lobby. “How do you want to play this?” Finnegan asked.
I needed a moment to think. I was sure she was here. From the registrar’s description she’d changed her hair color, but except from some old mug shots of her, and a description of her now enlarged bust, I wasn’t sure what she actually looked like now. She was dangerous, had already committed one murder I knew about, and I had an arrest warrant for her that carried a two-million-dollar cash bond.  
“Let me see her check-in information,” he said. I handed him the document.
“We can go down to the control room and bring up her transaction at the desk. At least then we know who were looking for.”
We spent about ten minutes with a technician in the video control room. He located the transaction and printed out two color photos of the now infamous Amelina Flores. I had to admit, for a woman who had used so many names in her life to hide her identity, she couldn’t hide one fact. She was a beautiful woman. 
The thought ran through my mind that her beauty would wither   when she was sentenced to life in prison without a prayer for parole. I had no sympathy for her as I recalled the vision of the body of elderly Noel Royce lying on the living room floor at his ramshackle house, and what had been done to Courtney Powell by Billy Ray Sauder. 
I saw Lt. Finnegan studying the photo. “I can’t believe someone this beautiful has it in her to be a kidnapper and murderer.”
As we walked back to his office, I gave him her full background as I knew it, and the outstanding warrants for her arrest issued that had been issued before mine.
I could see from the look on his face, beautiful or not, his admiration of her looks had vanished.  
I didn’t make any mention of her now assumed ex-fiancee Sam Powell, his suspected arms dealing, or his possible involvement with the deaths of his former wives. In my mind I realized how complicated this case had become, but I could see the light at the end of the tunnel, at least where Amelina Flores was concerned. At this moment, she was my sole focus. I needed to get her into custody. I had to work at controlling my impulse to kick her room door in and grab her.
“How do you want to play this?” he again asked as he sank down into the chair behind his desk. 
“I can request our Major Crimes Squad to immediately send some detectives and we can grab her in her room. What do you think?” he asked.
I considered his offer. She was a high-profile fugitive, wanted for horrific crimes. There was an extreme urgency to take her into custody. Thinking it through, I said I had some concerns.
 What if she wasn’t in the room and we hit it with a squad of detectives? Word of the commotion might tip her off that we’d caught up with her and could prompt her to run. For the moment at least, I believed we had her contained inside the complex. My thought was she was in her comfort zone, hiding out in a busy casino. She had to know there were cameras everywhere, that’s why she’d changed her appearance with a different hair color and was probably lying low. She wasn’t just smart; she was cunning. I had it in my mind she was thinking we’d be hunting for her at her home in Georgia, not two hours away from where she’d committed a murder.
I wanted to enter her room with minimum backup to avoid attracting attention. I asked him how many tribal officers were currently working this shift. He replied there were probably six or eight. I asked how we could obtain a master room card to gain entry into her room. He replied he could sign out a master access card at the Tribal Police dispatch center, but he had a concerned look on his face. 
  “I think I know where you’re going with this, but I have a question. Don’t we need a search warrant for the room?”
“Probably,” I answered. He looked at me for a long moment. I explained.
“She’s a Federal fugitive from justice on high-level felony charges, and the Berkshire Sheriffs are applying for an arrest warrant charging her with first degree murder. I think the seriousness of the charges creates an urgency to arrest her. In my mind that’s an exception to the search warrant requirement. He continued to look at me. 
“Okay. One more time. How do you want to do this?”
I told him he had arrest powers, I didn’t, so it would be him, me and one of his detectives that would enter the room with the pass card.
He considered my proposal for a few moments.
“Okay, she’s a female. We need a female trooper. It will be you, me and Karen Shea. Let’s do this.”
Twenty minutes later the three of us stepped out of the elevator on the fourth floor. The Lieutenant had requested two Tribal officers to take up positions inside the stairwells on each end of the hallway. 
We walked up to room 419 and stopped; I leaned against the door. There were no sounds of activity inside. 
The troopers pulled out their weapons, concealing them close to their bodies. No guests were in the hallway.
 Lt. Finnegan swiped the room access card, I pushed the door open; we rushed inside. There was no one there. 
We quickly looked around and saw the bed looked as if it hadn’t been slept in. There was no luggage, no clothes hanging on the wall hanger or in the bureau drawers.
“What the hell?” Lt. Finnegan said aloud. “Has she checked out already? She just got here.”
I was confused. We had evidence she’d paid for several days. The registration desk attendant said when she arrived she had little luggage, but implied she had some. It looked like she’d never even gone to the room. Suddenly, the off-the-wall notion struck me that she’d arrived to meet someone at the casino. Her registering for a room was a ruse. The question was, if that was the case, who? Sam Powell? 
I asked the Lieutenant to call the front desk to see if she’d checked out. He had the answer in less than a minute. She had not.
Lt. Finnegan said he had an idea. He explained the access control system could be programmed to set off an alarm whenever a card swipe occurred at room 419. If that occurred, we could catch Amelina in her room. I agreed with his idea; he made a phone call to the system operations office.
“Where do you think she is?” Karen Shea asked, as we waited for Finnegan to complete his call.
I didn’t have an answer for her. I asked where Mandy was; she said she’d left her in our room. “She said she was going to lie down and watch TV for a while.”
 I asked Karen not to mention that we’d gone into Amelina’s room.
“Maybe I’m out of line,” she said, “but Mandy has told me a few times that she wants to be there when we arrest this woman.” 
“No, you’re out of line,” I assured her. “Mandy was there when we found the kidnapped girl in the cabin and went in the ambulance to the hospital with her. It was traumatic for everybody to see what was done to the girl, especially Mandy.”
Tpr. Shea nodded her head in understanding and said she wouldn’t say anything about what we’d just done.
As we waited for the elevator to go back down to the lobby, Lt. Finnegan asked what my next move would be.
I told him if we could catch her out in the open, then I wouldn’t hesitate to take her down, but we needed to come up with a failure-proof plan. I told him I wanted to call Damian Costigan the US Attorney in Boston and tell him where we stood with locating her. 
 In the interim, I suggested he find out who the housekeeper  assigned to clean her room was to see if she or he had any actual contact with her. He took out his cellphone.
“Let’s go to my office, I’ll call the staffing office.” 
I called Damian, spending five minutes bringing him up to speed on what had happened. I could sense the anxiety in his voice as he asked me a half-dozen questions about what I was going to do next.
He said he was inclined to contact the FBI Field Office in Hartford, Connecticut, for assistance to stake out the casino exits on the thought she was still inside the complex. I pushed back.
 I’d received excellent cooperation from the State and Tribal Police and described the assistance the State Police could provide with their Major Crimes Squad. I said I had confidence we could work together to locate Amelina and safely make the arrest.
“Always taking the side of the local cops, huh?”  
I didn’t respond, nor did he for a moment. I knew what he’d said was true. I was at my best working side by side with the street cops.
For the next few minutes, he discussed something I hadn’t considered. He said he was concerned if the State authorities made the arrest I’d be adding a layer of procedural bureaucracy by Connecticut holding her as a fugitive. His office would be forced into to undergo an extradition process. He had a sound argument.
“What about the agents from your office and Freddy?” I asked.
“My agents are what, five or six hours away? And did you say Freddy?”
“I did. He’s already done a tremendous amount of work for me, and he knows the case as well as I do. Besides, he’s only two hours away.”
There was a long moment of silence on the other end of the call.
“All right. As long as your comfortable with Freddy, you work with the State Police to detain her but let Freddy place her under arrest. Don’t do anything impulsive before he gets there if you can help it. Do you want me to call him?”
“No, I’ll make the call and get him on the road.”
I breathed a sigh of relief when he agreed with me.
“All right. Just one quick question. Another subject. When will I have the transcript of your interview of the Powell girl?”
I answered I didn’t know. The last I knew, Lindsey Moran said she would review it with Courtney at the hospital and have her sign it. I said I could call her, He declined, saying he’d call her himself. 
Just before we ended the call, he said he’d received confirmation that US Marshalls would take over guarding Billy Ray Sauder at the hospital.  
 When I finished my call, Lt. Finnegan said he’d identified the housekeeper, and we could meet up with her on the fifth floor. I agreed, and we headed to the lobby elevators.
The housekeeper was a middle-aged woman, our approach to her noticeably concerned her. She was nervous. I made up a cover story that we were looking for an emotionally distressed missing person, and we thought she might be staying in Room 419. She didn’t immediately respond.
“Is something wrong?” she nervously asked. “I…, I…, was just doing my job. I knocked and knocked and said Housekeeping! When I used my card to unlock the door, she was standing inside, and she yelled, swearing at me to get out! I didn’t…, I didn’t mean to do anything wrong, I was just trying to clean the room. Am I going to be fired?” she asked, tears welling up in her eyes.
Finnegan reached out and put his hand on her arm.
“Of course not! You were just doing your job. She shouldn’t have yelled at you. When did that happen?”
“Yesterday morning, about ten o’clock”.
I pulled out the paper that had the photo of Amelina Flores standing at the registration desk and asked the housekeeper if it was the woman in the room. She quickly said it was.
Finnegan started to say something to her in reassurance she wasn’t in any trouble when she blurted out, “But I didn’t know she had a man in there.”
“A man?” I asked. “What did he look like?” Her statement had taken me by complete surprise. I looked over at the Lieutenant.
“Just a man. He was standing behind her.”  
“You said a man. Was he young, old, white, black, hair color, anything?” Finnegan asked.
She thought for a moment.” He was a white man, average. Maybe middle-aged. He had hair, but I don’t remember if it was black or brown, maybe.”
“Is there anything else about him you can describe?” Finnegan asked.
“No. The woman was swearing at me, and I ran from the room to get away from her. She slammed the door shut. About ten minutes after she yelled at me, I saw them come out of the room. I was at the end of the hall by the utility room, they didn’t see me. Did they go downstairs and complain about me?” she asked. Again, she was trembling as she spoke,
The Lieutenant reassured the woman that no one had complained about her and again told her she’d done nothing wrong. 
He explained our conversation was confidential and not to discuss it with anyone, including her supervisor. She said she wouldn’t tell anyone.
As we waited for the elevator to go down to the lobby, Lt. Finnegan asked me if I knew if Flores was travelling with a man. I answered no. The man in her room was a surprise. I reminded him when she registered she indicated she would be the only occupant. In my mind, I again wondered if it could be possible the man was Sam Powell. I’d been thinking they had split up, but now I wondered if I was wrong.
When we arrived in the lobby we sat down on sofas where we could watch the elevators.
“What did the US Attorney say about my Department making the arrest?” Finnegan asked.
I explained Damian’s approval of the plan to have the State Police involved with taking Amelina into custody, but that an FBI Agent I’d be bringing in would make the actual arrest and why. He said he was comfortable with that and would notify his superiors.
“If this woman is still in the casino, I really think you should consider letting me get some detectives from our Major Crimes Squad down here to set up surveillance at the elevator lobbies. If she’s staying in another room, she’s probably going to use an elevator to get there.”
I quickly agreed. He said he’d make a phone call. 
After he made the call, I asked him to contact Karen Shea and see where she and Mandy were. He made a call and said the women were now over by the blackjack tables. He said he told Shea we’d meet them there in a few minutes. 
We found the women sitting not at a gaming table, but rather in a nearby lounge having tea and snacks. I asked Mandy if she was okay, she excitedly told me she’d won almost two hundred dollars at the slot machine she’d been playing but lost fifty dollars when she tried blackjack. She asked how I was making out searching for Luciana. I corrected her and said her real first name was Amelina. I was careful not to mention what we’d just done.
 “She’s somewhere here. We found the room she’s registered in.”
She sat bolt upright; the look in her eyes was stone cold. She stared at me.
“Then why are you sitting here? When are you going to arrest her? I want to be there to see the look on her face.”
I saw Tpr. Shea watching Mandy’s reaction. She shifted in her chair and looked at her Lieutenant. I knew I had to carefully choose my words.
I explained we had evidence she’d registered as a guest under a new assumed name, but we presently didn’t know where she was. 
As simply as I could, I described the jurisdictional issues involved with arresting her and said that Freddy would be coming to assist with her arrest.
“Freddy’s coming here? Is he bringing Heather?”
I told her I didn’t know; I’d call him from our room. Thankfully, she let the matter drop.
Lt. Finnegan asked me who Freddy was. I explained he was a young FBI Agent from Boston who was working with me on the case. I thought sure Mandy would add a comment or two, but she didn’t.
I thanked Tpr. Shea for spending time with Mandy and told Lt. Finnegan I’d touch base with him later.
Mandy and I went up to our room. Riding in the elevator, she told me how sweet Karen Shea was, and that before we left, she wanted to get her a thank you gift. 
When we got to our room, I did a double take when I saw the number of shopping bags piled up against the wall. I’d only left her alone for a couple of hours! She showed me some casual clothes she bought me. I thanked her. and after a few minutes politely cut her short, saying I needed to call Freddy. I wondered how her scarecrow would like my new duds.  
Freddy answered my call quickly, I explained I’d confirmed Amelina Flores was staying at the casino and the need for him to come to the casino as soon as possible to assist with her arrest. He said he would be on the road in less than a half-hour. I had presence of mind to ask if he had clothes with him that were more in line with a professional law enforcement look. He assured me he’d be presentable. I reinforced that my need for his help was immediate. 
“Ask him if he can bring Heather. She can spend some time with me,” Mandy interrupted.
I relayed the message; he said he’d see what he could do. I said I’d reserve a room for him and take care of the expense. He didn’t argue.
When I finished the call, Mandy was sitting on the edge of the bed across from me. She had a serious look on her face.
“You’re not going to try and arrest this woman before your help arrives, are you?” I didn’t want to lie, but I needed a cover story.
I said that wasn’t my plan and reminded her I didn’t have powers of arrest. I still had to work out some details, that’s why I needed Freddy here. I suggested we get cleaned up and said I wanted to look around the gaming rooms to see if I could spot Amelina.
“Amelina? Luciana? What name is she using now?” she asked.
“Maria Menendez.”
We spent the next two hours wandering around the casino visiting the various gaming areas, trying to discretely blend in with the other guests and tourists. 
Mandy handled the gambling; I stood a few feet behind her, scanning the crowd to see if I could spot our suspect. To my surprise, she was making a little money; I was just marking time. 
We ate an early dinner in one of the restaurants, both of us careful not to let our conversation involve work. My mind distracted, my appetite gone, I left half my meal uneaten. When we finished, I told her I wanted to check something out. She didn’t ask what, and I didn’t elaborate. 
We went to the lobby. I registered a double room for Freddy and told the receptionist he’d arrive sometime this evening.
We stepped into an empty elevator. As the door closed, I pressed the button for the fourth floor.
“What are you doing? Our room in on six,” she said as she reached to press the button. I stopped her hand.
“I know. I want to check something out.”
The door opened on the fourth floor.  
“This way,” I said, pointing to the right. Holding hands, we sauntered down the plush carpeted hallway.  
Room 419 just ahead of us. I saw a Do  Not Disturb sign hanging on the door handle. It wasn’t there when we’d left the room a few hours ago. Could Amelina have returned after we left? I stopped and leaned close to the door. I couldn’t hear any voices or the sound of a TV or music. Mandy squeezed my hand.
“Is she in there?” she whispered.
“I don’t think so, but that’s her room,” I softly answered as we walked back to the elevator. An older man and woman were waiting for its arrival. 
We said hello and smiled, riding down to the lobby without talking. They exited; I pressed the button for our room on the sixth floor.
As we rode up I heard Mandy say under her breath, “Do Not Disturb, yeah, right!” as she gritted her teeth. I understood her anger, but it made me uneasy.
We stepped out into the hallway. I pulled her close.
“Hey! I promise you. I’m going to disturb her.” She gave me a hug. We went into our room, it was early, but I wanted to rest. It was going to be a long night. My plan was as we got into the night hours, I wanted to spend time going through the different game rooms to see if I could spot Amelina. I told Mandy, she insisted that she was going with me. I didn’t dare argue.
I called Freddy again  and confirmed he and Heather were on the road.  










































Chapter 25

Mandy was taking a nap; I was resting watching TV. A few minutes past seven-thirty our room phone rang. I quickly got up and answered it. Mandy stirred on the bed but didn’t wake. The caller was Lt. Jimmy Finnegan.
He explained four detectives from the Major Crimes Squad had arrived, and he’d assigned them to the lobby surveillance. The Lieutenant gave me the name of the Sergeant supervising the men, and the name and phone number of the Sergeant who was relieving him as the casino shift supervisor. He said the men were given a briefing and had copies of Amelina’s photo. They were made aware of the pending Federal charges against her and the plan to have an FBI agent arrest her. I thanked him and said I’d check in with them in a few hours. He asked that if we were successful in arresting Amelina, regardless of the hour, I call him.
I sat down in a recliner and tried to put the case out of my mind for a few hours. The attempt was useless. The question of who the man was that the housekeeper saw in Amelina’s room was eating away at me. Logic was telling me it was Sam Powell, though the housekeeper’s description didn’t fit him. If it was Powell, then he had to know about the plot to kidnap his daughter. Would a father allow his daughter to be subjected to a brutal rape? As much as I had come to despise Powell after hearing Courtney say what he’d done to his third wife, I couldn’t see him
doing that. And my suspicions he was an arms dealer? That seemed to make sense. He dark secrets in his past were surfacing. He had connections in Washington, perhaps that was shielding him from the FBI looking into his personal life. But why? 
The funk I’d worked myself into was erased when the room phone again rang. This time it woke Mandy.
 I answered; it was Freddy. He and Heather had arrived.
A half hour later Mandy and I met them in the lounge next to the blackjack room. The women chatted, I brought Freddy up to date on my efforts to locate Amelina Flores. I mentioned the plainclothes troopers being assigned to surveillance in the lobbies. He commented he’d spotted them when he’d arrived. That surprised me. Were they that conspicuous, I wondered? I let his observation go without commenting.  
I told Mandy I wanted to touch base with the State Police detectives who’d arrived to help us. She said she and Heather would wait for us in the slot machine rooms. Freddy gave Heather some money to play with, Mandy declined my offer to fund her adventure.
Freddy and I went to the registration desk in the lobby from where I called the Tribal Police office. I identified myself and the call was transferred to Sgt. Dave Ellis, who was covering for Lt. Finnegan. He agreed to meet us in the lobby, arriving a few minutes later.
Sgt. Ellis was a big man; tall, muscular, clean cut. He looked like a cop. I introduced us, he discretely pointed out the two Major Crimes detectives sitting on separate couches doing their best to look inconspicuous. They each acknowledged him with a nod of their heads.
“What makes you think your girl is here?” he bluntly asked. It wasn’t the place nor the time to explain the case to him in detail, but he deserved an answer. Freddy looked over at me.
“She’s a serial grifter. She has a long history of meeting her marks in casinos, and there’s evidence to show she herself is a heavy gambler. There’s a half dozen active felony warrants out for her besides ours. Those are for crimes she committed that can be linked back to casinos. This place is the closest one to where she and an accomplice committed a kidnapping and a murder a week ago, just over the line in Massachusetts. My thinking is this is her safe place. She knows how to navigate the system and avoid detection. My gut is telling me she’s here,” I explained.
Sgt. Ellis said he understood and commented that the casino was exceptionally crowded tonight, with players and spectators attending a televised major national poker tournament. 
I explained my plan was to wander around hoping to spot Amelina and asked him how communications were handled between the Tribal, State Police, and other internal security staff. He explained the systems were linked by radios; house phones throughout the facility had an emergency number printed on them. 
He insisted that if we spotted our suspect, we’d call the emergency number for assistance before attempting to take her into custody. I looked over at Freddy; he agreed. We headed out on our hunt for Amelina Flores.
As we walked, I was surprised at how crowded the casino had become since this afternoon. Almost all the people we were seeing were couples or mixed genders in small groups. I took note that it was rare to see a woman not accompanied by someone else. Another thing I noticed was there was no shortage of smartly dressed, attractive women.
Freddy and I slowly ambled about, doing our best to look as if we were two entrepreneurs relaxing after a long day at the office. To his credit, he had dressed for the occasion and looked the part. He was wearing a light grey business suit and open collar dark brown shirt. The jacket was concealing the gun he had holstered on his right hip and handcuffs draped over his belt at small of his back. In one of the slot gaming rooms we dropped a few quarters into the machines, looking about in between pulls on the bandit’s arm. The room was crowded; I didn’t see Mandy or Heather. I also didn’t see any coins dropping as a return on my modest investment.
We moved from one gaming room to another, there was no shortage of opportunities to lose one’s money. I’d never been a gambler; in fact, this was the first time I’d set foot in a casino. It was amazing to see the social mix of young and old, all with the common quest to seek the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. Judging from the money going back into the ever-present hands of the House, their dream was consistently elusive.
We’d spent almost an hour on our search, I was beginning to think it was becoming an exercise in futility. Freddy appeared to be sharing my sentiment.  
I felt my phone vibrating in my shirt pocket. I pulled it out and saw it was Mandy. I answered quickly. Her whispered message shocked me.
“I found her. She’s here, right now.”
I took a step over to Freddy and tapped him on the arm. He turned and looked at me.
“Where are you right now?” 
“We’re in the room where the TV people are filming a show,” she whispered.” It’s where they have the poker game.”  
“All right. Stay right there and don’t do anything. We’re on our way.”
 I told Freddy what Mandy had said. I instantly saw a change in him.
 He braced his shoulders back and instinctively sliding his hand around his side, discretely checking the gun sitting in its holster. The look on his face was all business. I had never seen him this serious before.
 I looked over and saw a house phone hanging on the wall. I went over and dialed the Operator; she connected me to Sgt. Ellis.
I told him we had a lead Amelina Flores had been spotted in the gallery at the poker tournament. He asked where I was. I described the room we were in; he told me to stay there and said he’d be there in a few minutes. I hung up the phone and told Freddy backup was on its way to meet with us.
“This isn’t good,” he said. “The poker tournament is being broadcast live. I saw a poster advertising it in the lobby when I registered at the desk. How are we going to pull this off?”
Obviously, I hadn’t foreseen this complication. I told Freddy we needed to be absolutely sure Mandy had identified the right woman before we did anything. I called her cellphone. After a half-dozen rings, she didn’t answer. Now I was getting nervous.
“C’mon” I said to Freddy, pulling on his arm to get him to follow me out into the hallway. Once outside of the slot room, I looked in both directions in the hallway and didn’t see our backup officers. After a minute or two I saw Sgt. Ellis and two men I assumed were detectives  briskly walking toward us.
“Okay, who thinks they spotted the woman?” was the first thing he asked. I explained who Mandy was and how she’d been working on the case with me. She was in the gallery at the poker tournament and she’d spotted Amelina. I could see from the look he was giving me he was having trouble understanding how Mandy fit into the picture. I didn’t have time for an explanation and turned to Freddy.
“This is Special Agent Fred Morton from the FBI Field Office in Boston,” I said as I introduced him. Ellis had a look of even more confusion on his face. It was obvious  I needed to take control.
“Listen, you need to follow my lead on this. Let’s go to where the tournament is being held. I’ll get Mandy’s attention and she can point out the woman. I can verify her ID.”
Sgt. Ellis looked at the other two detectives Their body language was saying let’s give it a shot.
“Okay. Let’s check out the room. But I’m telling you right now if it is her, we need to take her down away from the crowd. If she’s as dangerous as you’re saying she is, we need to make absolutely sure we can do it fast and discretely.















Chapter 26

The gaming room where the poker tournament was being broadcast was large and set up as a stadium, with rows of chairs place on several risers that formed a semi-circle around the players. The cameramen and support technicians were positioned along both walls; an overhead camera moved silently along a metal tubing track above the table. The room was packed with spectators.  
Freddy and the two State detectives stood in the hallway outside the doorway. Sgt. Ellis had a brief conversation with the casino employees who were posted at the entrance. I didn’t know what he was saying to them, but from the looks on their faces it was apparent they got the message that our presence wasn’t for the entertainment. He and I stepped inside the room.
Four players were seated around a poker table; from a distance I could see the stacks of chips in front of them. The House dealer was an attractive young blonde woman. The players appeared focused in deep concentration.
I looked for Mandy. I located her and Heather sitting at the end of an aisle on the fourth level of the riser, closest to the entrance where I was standing, She spotted me and our eyes locked. 
She turned her head slowly and nodded in the direction of the middle of the crowd on the levels below her. I squinted to shield my eyes from the glare of the studio lights that were beaming down on the players. 
The air was warm and still, the room’s silence broken by the occasional murmurs of the spectators as the players placed their bets. It was at that moment I got my first in-person look at Amelina Flores.
Her hair was an ash blond color, just as the casino registrar had described her. Tonight she was wearing a cream-colored pantsuit. In sharp contrast to the photos I’d seen that displayed her ample cleavage,  her almost sheer blouse was buttoned to the neck. With just a side profile of her, there was no doubt in my mind she was the woman we had been hunting. I thought to myself Mandy had gotten one thing right. Amelina Flores a/k/a Luciana Cabral had some bodywork done.
 She was sitting extremely close to an older man wearing a dark business suit, her arm wrapped around his. He turned to say something to her. It surprised me to see he was wearing an embroidered formal white dress shirt, unbuttoned halfway down his broad tanned chest adorned with a thick gold chain necklace. I had no idea who the man was, but he had a hard look to his face. Rugged. Unrefined, but extremely self-confident. His age was deceiving; late fifties, early sixties if I had to guess. My instant perception of him was that he was no stranger to organized crime.
I looked back at Mandy; she seemed nervous. I glanced over at a large LED countdown clock mounted on a tall metal stand to the left of the poker table. The illuminated message read it was displaying minutes remaining until intermission. I saw it was at 3:45 and counting down.
I looked back at Mandy and made an attempt to discretely signal her to relax. I couldn’t tell if she got the message.
Suddenly the cellphone in my shirt pocket began vibrating. I’d silenced the ringer when Freddy and I started out earlier in the evening. For the moment I ignored it, after a few seconds it stopped. I looked at Sgt. Ellis and nodded toward the exit. As we started for the doorway, my phone again began vibrating. Stepping out into the hall, I saw it was an incoming call from Damian. In the header at the top of the screen, I saw he had also sent a text. One word: URGENT.
I answered his call with a whisper as I maneuvered through the small crowd who were gathered in the hall outside the card room.
“Daryl, can you talk?” was his cryptic greeting.
I answered no, we’d just spotted Amelina Flores.
“Then just listen,” he quickly said. “The FBI and ATF have simultaneously raided Sam Powell’s office, house, and a machine shop he owns in North Carolina. Their case is about his arms trafficking to terrorist groups and cartels.”
I was stunned for a moment as what he was saying sunk in, but I couldn’t let it distract me from my business at hand.
“Boss, we’re minutes away from making our move to grab Amelina Flores. I can’t talk,” I whispered in response.
“All right. Be careful. Call me when it’s over,” he said just before the call went dead on his end.
I turned and looked back into the card room. The LED clock was down to forty-five seconds. As it hit thirty seconds, the spectator gallery let out a loud groan, expressing surprise at something that had just happened. Then, in wild cheers and applause as two of the players got up from their chairs and waved their hands in disgust at the table, most of the spectators rose to their feet. For the moment, I’d lost sight of Amelina and her companion.
Spectators in the gallery began to climb down the risers, and the crowd headed for the room’s exit doorway. I glanced up and saw Mandy was starting to step down the center of the risers, directly toward Amelina. I could feel my heart skip a few beats.
 What is she doing?
I saw Amelina and her companion were now among the crowd standing on the floor.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a commotion where Mandy had come to a momentary standstill. A woman had stepped in front of her to block her passage. I saw it was Trooper Karen Shea. What is she doing here? 
I felt hard, frantic poking on my shoulder. I turned around and saw it was Sgt. Ellis.
“We’ll take her down when she gets out in the hallway,” he said.
I stepped back a few feet as most of the crowd that was exiting, headed toward a service bar that had been set up in an alcove across from the poker room. Three bartenders, all dressed in tuxedo-like garb, were waiting for the throng. Freddy came over to stand by my side. The conversation among the group was growing loud as they excitedly shared with each other their observations of the card game that had just ended.
“Tell me when,” he said under his breath. I looked at him but didn’t respond.
I saw Amelina and her companion were now about twenty feet from the door. Sgt. Ellis stepped in close behind Freddy and me. I looked over my shoulder and saw the two backup detectives were positioned to intercept Amelina if she got past us. The anticipation was killing me. I wanted Amelina Flores in handcuffs.
I saw Mandy and Tpr. Shea coming up fast behind Amelina; Mandy’s eyes were burning a hole in the back of the woman’s head. It was at that instant that I feared it was a mistake to get her this involved.
Amelina, her arm locked around her companion, stepped through the doorway. Our eyes met. She abruptly stopped. 
I sensed she recognized me, how; I didn’t know. Several people on her heels bumped into her, and for a split second I saw fear in her eyes. She frantically looked from left to right and suddenly tried to break away from the crowd.
“Now!” I called out to Freddy. He grabbed her left arm and pulled her toward him.
“Amelina Flores! FBI! You are under arrest!” he announced. 
A look of shock instantly painted her face. The man with her tried to grab her arm. Freddy forcibly pulled her away from him. The man stumbled. Amelina raised her arms to fight Freddy and break his grip.
“Hey! What the Hell?” the man shouted. “Take your hands off of her!” he yelled as he regained his balance and lunged toward Freddy. 
Sgt. Ellis and the backup detectives grabbed the man to restrain him. As they did, he jammed his right hand to his waist inside his jacket.
“GUN!” a detective shouted. Instantly, there were screams from the crowd surrounding us as they banged into and tripped over each other to get away from the confrontation. It was a chaotic scene.
With one crashing blow, Sgt. Ellis’ fist hit the man on the side of the head. He tumbled to the floor with Ellis and the detectives on top of him. The gun was knocked from his hand and skidded a few feet away on the tile floor. The officers fought to handcuff him.
 I leaped around the scuffle and went to Freddy’s aid as he fought to  get Amelina under control. She was screaming and cursing, wildly flailing her arms in resistance. As I grabbed her right arm, I felt the weight of someone on my back, knocking me off balance. I turned my head and saw it was Trooper Shea. She thrust her right hand into the back of Amelina’s neck and drove her face first prone onto the floor. Freddy straddled her back, straightened out her right arm, reached around his back, grabbed his handcuffs and in one fluid motion slapped one on her wrist, bringing it around to the small of her back. Trooper Shea forced her other arm behind her back; Freddy cuffed that wrist. In less than two minutes, it was over. We had her in custody.
I stood up; the crowd surrounding us was silent in shock. Several uniformed Tribal police officers who  had appeared out of nowhere were pushing the crowd back toward the service bar. 
I saw that a cameraman and some of the TV crew were standing in the poker room’s doorway filming the confrontation. Damn! We had to get Amelina and her companion out of here.  
 The detectives and officers forcibly removed the couple toward a door behind the service bar.
“That’s a service hallway. It leads all the way back to the Tribal offices. We’ll move them through there,” Sgt. Ellis said as he went to the aid of the officers.
I looked for Mandy and saw her standing in front of the spectators.  I quickly went over to her. She started to say something, I cut her short.
“Where’s Heather?” I asked as I firmly grabbed both her arms. My rough treatment stunned her.
“I...I.., don’t know,” she stammered as we both looked around. I let go of her, turned, and spotted Heather. She was standing in the poker room doorway behind the TV crew who were now crowding the exit. She had her hand covering her mouth. She looked frozen in fear. As I muscled my way through the doorway, someone grabbed my arm and pushed a microphone in my face. I heard a voice say, “Officer, a word please. Officer?”
I roughly pushed the man’s hands away and stepped past him, bumping into a cameraman and his technician. I took Heather by the arm and quickly led her out through the crowd. I took her over to Mandy and ushered the two women across the hall to the door behind the service bar. I had no idea where I was going.
As soon as we entered the back hall, I heard yelling and cursing coming from around the corner. I stepped up our pace; we came upon the commotion. The prisoners were being secured in wheelchairs that had been stored in the hallway for response to medical emergencies. Amelina was quiet, her head bowed onto her chest Her male companion was continuing his verbal insults toward the troopers. As we approached, several Tribal officers quickly pushed his wheelchair down the hall.
Sgt. Ellis and Tpr. Shea were standing next to Amelina’s wheelchair as Freddy read her rights to her.  
Caught up in the moment, I’d diverted attention from Mandy. I looked ahead and saw she was standing in front of Amelina’s wheelchair.  
“Oh no!” I said aloud as I ran over to her.
She was bent over, looking up into Amelina’s face. All I heard her say was, “I hope you burn in Hell for what you did to that girl, you evil bitch.”
















Chapter 27

It was a long walk through the concrete walled service hallway that led back to the Tribal police offices. For the entire distance, Amelina’s companion never stopped making threats and cursing at the officers. When we arrived, the Tribal officers and State detectives placed the two prisoners in separate holding cells that were separated by a concrete floor to ceiling wall. They had to use force on the male prisoner to get him out of the wheelchair. They forcefully planted him on a stainless-steel bench, his hands handcuffed behind his back.
The detention room was crowded with all the officers. Freddy and I were ushered with Mandy and Heather into an adjacent room. 
I thanked Freddy for a great job; he was more attentive to Heather than interested in praise. Mandy sat down alongside of her and rubbed her back. After a few moments, Freddy spoke.
“I’ve never actually made an arrest before. I’m not sure what I have to do next,” he said. In the few years I’d worked with him, I’d never seen him this uncertain. 
I told him there was a lot of paperwork to be done, but that could wait. Our first task was to make arrangements for Amelina to be turned over to the custody of US Marshals for transport to the Boston Federal Detention Center.
I looked over at Mandy and Heather, they seemed to have calmed down.  The waiting room door opened, and Sgt. Ellis entered.
“Well, that didn’t go down as well as I’d hoped, but what’s done is done,” he said. “I’ve got to call the Lieutenant. Do you want to speak with him?” 
I said I did; he pulled out his cell phone and made the call.   Trooper Karen Shea entered and went over to sit with Mandy and Heather. Her upbeat personality quickly had both women smiling. I thanked her for helping with the arrest and asked what she was doing in the poker room.
She explained Lt. Finnegan had mentioned to her he thought a female trooper should be available in the event we made an arrest overnight. He’d arranged for the casino to comp a room for her and reluctantly admitted she’d been keeping tabs on Mandy.
Mandy gave her a look; I didn’t know if it was surprise or anger. Before she could speak, Karen leaned over to her. 
“Hey! You said you wanted to see the look on her face when she got arrested. You got your wish. And off the record, what you said to her goes double from me.”
Mandy managed a smile and nodded her head in understanding. There was an awkward moment of silence in the room. Sgt Ellis bought us back on track; he said Lt. Finnegan was on  his way here.
“Okay, you have your girl. What are we going to do with her?”
I explained I had to call the US Attorney in Boston to arrange for the US Marshals to take custody of her.
“Okay, that works for me. Now, what about her boyfriend.”
“Yeah, about him. Who is he?” I asked.
He pulled a leather notebook from his back pocket.
“His name is Vincent Bescenti, sixty-two years old. He’s from Fort Lee. New Jersey. I had a detective check the casino guest registry, he’s a high roller, a regular. We ran him through NCIC, he’s clean.”
I said I didn’t understand how he was connected to Amelina.
“His game is high-stakes poker. They regularly comp his room when he visits, which is two or three times a month. His profile shows VIP cards from casinos in Atlantic City, Reno and Vegas. It looks like he’s a travelling  professional gambler”
“Just on looks, he fits the bill,” I observed. “What about the gun?”  
“A Walthers PPK 380 automatic. We ran it through NCIC, it’s not stolen.”
“What’s he saying about it?”
“Other than I want to speak to a lawyer, nothing!”
“Okay. What are you guys going to do?” I asked.
“Well, if you aren’t going to charge him for interfering and possession of the gun, we will. He doesn’t have a pistol permit.”

I suggested that his Department charge him, when I filled in the US Attorney in Boston on his connection with the Flores woman it would be his decision whether to file Federal charges against him. I added I wanted to talk with him to find out how he knew Amelina.
“Okay. You can try. Like I said, all he’s saying between cursing and threats is that he wants to speak to a lawyer.”
“Well, today’s his lucky day.”
“How’s that?”
“I’m a lawyer!”
Mandy, Freddy and Heather couldn’t suppress a laugh. Even the Sergeant grinned.
“Okay, one more thing. The casino Night Executive Manager is on his way over here. He’s in an uproar about how the arrest went down and how it upset the guests. I’m not going to talk with him, the Lieutenant can deal with that.”
I thanked the Sergeant for his Department’s help; he left to supervise the arrest processing of Vincent Bescenti.
I looked over at Mandy and Heather.
“I need a glass of wine,” Mandy said as she reached over to pick up her shoulder bag from the floor alongside of her. “Me too!” Heather added. That was the first she’d spoken in the last half-hour.
“Hey! Before you go, I want to tell you something. Just before we grabbed Amelina, Damian called me. The FBI and ATF raided Sam Powell’s place tonight,” I said.
“WHAT?” Mandy and Freddy exclaimed in unison.
“I don’t know any details. We spoke for less than thirty seconds. He said it had to do with a Federal investigation about Powell’s trafficking  weapons.”
“I knew it!” Freddy blurted out. “I told you when that ship stopped offshore it was unloading the weapons.”
“Yeah, I think you’re right. I have to call Damian and give him a report on our status here. I’ll ask if he has any more information about Powell.
Mandy seemed to understand, but from the look on Heather and Trooper Shea’s faces, they didn’t have a clue.
Mandy stood up and looked at Karen Shea. “Up for a drink?” she asked.
“I’m on duty. I can’t have wine, but I can have an iced tea. They’re going to want me to process the woman, but she can wait. C’mon girls, let’s go.”
The women left, I called Damian.
The phone rang several times before he picked up. I glanced at my watch as I’d lost track of time. It was a few minutes after Midnight.
“Yeah,” was Damian’s gruff answer. His voice was raspy.
“Did I wake you?”
“I wish. What’s your status?”
It only took me a few minutes to bring him up to speed on Amelina Flores’ arrest. I ended my briefing saying that I needed the US Marshals to take custody of her.
“All right. I’ll make some calls,” he offered. “I doubt if the Boston office will come out there tonight to get her. Maybe their Hartford office can drive down. Where is she right now?”
I explained the casino Tribal police were detaining her in their cellblock, but I’d be more comfortable with her being held by the State Police.
“All right. Do you think the State Police will move her to their barracks and the Marshals can pick her up there in the morning?”
I told him I would check; that it sounded like a reasonable temporary accommodation. I asked about the raid on Sam Powell’s properties. There was a long pause before he answered.
“I’ve been on the phone with the Atlanta US Attorney’s office most of the night. The short story is the CIA had been investigating the flow of automatic weapons into countries where the cartels and guerrilla terrorist groups have a foothold.” 
“About a year ago they planted an undercover agent into Powell’s company that had government contracts to supply tactical vehicles. Powell thought he was a retired military analyst in the Pentagon who had gone rogue, and he brought him in as an executive to oversee government contract fulfillment. Powell took the bait and brought him in on the weapons scheme for a cut of the profits.”
“It seems the government contracts he was filling had legitimate provision to provide vehicles and weapons. He apparently doubled or tripled the orders the government authorized for the weapons and was selling the surplus on the black market. He was shipping them with the covert delivery of tactical vehicles and paying the shippers bribes to stop offshore and unload the weapons while they were in transit.” 
“The last drop was two days ago off the coast of Haiti. That’s when the CIA pulled the plug and worked with the FBI and ATF to get a search warrant for Powell’s properties. I was told off the record that’s how the CIA veiled their involvement. 
He continued, explaining that the fact it was a covert investigation would be why the FBI begged off assisting with the kidnap case. I agreed.
“My research came across information that backs that up. I can’t remember the guy’s name; I think his last name was Bishop. It said he was of charge of Powell’s First Strike Strategic Solutions company. That connects the dots about the FBI’s reluctance to get involved on the kidnapping,” I explained. “But there’s one more unanswered question. What was the motive to kidnap Courtney?”
This time there was a long pause before he responded.
“I don’t know. I just don’t know. You have the woman in custody. The only shot we have is if you can break her down and get her to tell you.”
Now it was my turn to pause. I took a deep breath. Judging from how Amelina resisted arrest, I didn’t think she would cave in and come clean. I needed a bargaining chip to use against her. I had to think.
“Hey! Does interstate travel to commit kidnapping and murder constitute a capital crime?” I asked.
Again, a pause before his answer.
“Yeah. It could. I think that would be enough to at least get the death penalty on the table. What are you thinking?”
“I’m thinking I’ll talk with her before they move her tonight and put that on her plate.”































Chapter 28

After I’d spoken with Mandy on the phone and learned she and Heather had finished their much-needed wine refreshments and were going back to their rooms, I arranged with Sgt. Ellis to set up my interview of Amelina. He agreed and added that the Major Crimes detectives were presently interviewing her companion, Vincent Bescenti.
Freddy and I walked into the Tribal police booking room and through a two-way mirror saw her handcuffed, sitting alone at a small conference table.
Trooper Karen Shea and a Tribal officer were sitting in the anteroom watching her on a closed-circuit camera monitor. I immediately noticed Amelina was wearing what looked like a housekeeper’s smock over her blouse. I looked over at Trooper Shea.
“Our girl’s blouse is sheer; you could see everything she owns. By the way, it’s obvious she’s had some bodywork done.” Karen explained. 
Freddy grinned and shook his head in agreement.
“She’s denying she’s Amelina Flores and said she’s going to sue all of us. I took her prints and we’ve submitted them to the FBI. We should get a confirmation on her ID in a few minutes.”
I decided to wait for the identification info. Surprisingly, after less than five-minutes, we got the response. The FBI message confirmed the submitted prints belonged to Amelina Flores and listed several alias names that matched those that we’d previously been aware of. There was no doubt that we had the right woman. Trooper Shea printed out the confirmation message.
 Freddy and I entered the conference room, Amelina glared at us. I told her who we were, we both produced our credentials. She stared at them. I said she’d been advised of her Rights and asked if she understood them. She continued to glare at me.
“You better write your names down so my lawyer knows who to sue,” she said with a sneer.
“Sue us? For what”? I calmly asked as I sat down across from her.
“False arrest. Assault!”
I looked over at Freddy and smiled.
“Amelina. You’ve been arrested on a Federal warrant charging you with kidnapping and conspiracy.”
“My name is Maria Menendez, not this Amelina woman. I have a passport to prove it!” she responded angrily.
“Well, you’d better tell your fingerprints, because they and the FBI say you’re Amelina Flores,” I said as I slid the FBI confirmation email in front of her. I saw the color fade from her face.
“No. No!” she responded angrily as she rapidly shook her head left to right in denial. “No! You’re wrong!”
“We’re not wrong. Your game is over, lady. We’ve got you and we’ve got your boyfriend, Billy Ray. Or should that be, your pimp?” I responded.
She looked shocked.
“Where is he?” she asked. Her wide eyes registered her surprise.
“In the hospital.”
“Why? What’s wrong with him?” she asked excitedly.
“I shot him.”
From the look on her face, I thought she was going to pass out. She heaved her chest and rapidly shook her head in denial.
“And by the way. Your ex-fiancé? Sam Powell? The FBI raided his place today. His weapons dealing days are finished. And so are you.”
She stared at me; her eyes glassy. Nervously, she rapidly tapped her handcuffed wrists on the table in front of her. Her entire body was shaking.
“I have nothing to say to you. I want a lawyer.” I ignored her.
“Courtney Powell is alive, but in critical condition in the hospital. Billy Ray viciously raped her. Both of you could be facing the death penalty for what you did.” She stared at me in disbelief.
 “The Massachusetts State Police will be applying for a warrant charging you for murdering the old man who owned the cabins. Your fingerprints are all over the lamp you used to bash his head in. Life as you know it is over.”
Amelina looked numb. The word ‘murder’ seemed to have pushed her over the edge. She stared at me in disbelief.
“I want a deal,” she said as she quickly alternated looks between Freddy and me.
I didn’t respond. I felt she was close to burying herself, but I had one more nail to put into her coffin.
“By the way, I expect the Georgia authorities will apply for a warrant to arrest you for the murder of Adam Mullard.”
That did it.
“I didn’t kill him. Billy Ray stabbed him. I wasn’t even there! “she shouted. “NO! NO! NO! You can’t pin that one on me.”
I chose my words carefully. “Yeah, you’re probably right. But I imagine if we dig deep enough we’ll find that concealing a body and desecration of a corpse are Federal crimes.
“NO! NO! Stop it! Guard! GUARD!” she screamed as she stood up and started for the door.
Freddy and I jumped up to stop her. The door sprung open and Trooper Karen Shea and a Tribal officer ran in and grabbed her, forcing her back into the chair. There were tears in her eyes as she glared at me.
“That’s all for now,” I said. “Oh! By the way; the FBI, will be digging up Adam’s body from where Billy Ray buried him. The man deserves a decent burial.” 
Amelina let out a blood-curdling scream as she covered her face with her handcuffed hands.
I nodded my head toward the door, Freddy followed me out. Lt. Finnegan was standing in the anteroom.
“You had her. Why’d you let her off the hook? She sounded like she was ready to roll over,” he asked.
“Even a first-year law student could get her confession thrown out,” I responded. “The early morning hour, no sleep. He could say she was under duress and coerced. No, let her talk to a lawyer. She’s jammed herself up so bad, her only prayer is that the US Attorney will take the death penalty off the table if she spills her guts.”
Finnegan considered my answer but didn’t respond. I asked if she could be moved to a holding cell at the State Police barracks until the US Marshals could come and pick her up. He said   he’d make a phone call.
I looked over at Freddy; he looked as exhausted as I felt. I glanced at my watch; it was two-thirty in the morning. Twenty minutes later I quietly entered my hotel room, careful not to wake Mandy.














Chapter 29

“Daryl. Daryl!” The soft voice and gentle touch tapping on my shoulder startled me. I opened my eyes and saw Mandy leaning over me.
“It’s okay. It’s me. Wake up, sleepyhead!”
I lifted my head from the pillow. I could smell the aroma of coffee.
“What time is it?” I weakly asked as I looked at my wristwatch and tried to focus my eyes.
“It’s quarter to ten. Your phone has been buzzing. I answered it for you. Damian wants you to call him. He said it’s important.”
I leaned back into the pillow and arched my back under the covers.
“C’mon, get up! You need to call Damian. I called room service. I got you some coffee and breakfast. C’mon, get up!”
She pulled the blanket from my chest. I slowly sat up and dangled my feet over the edge of the bed. She went over to the kitchenette and poured me a cup of coffee. I slowly got out of bed and walked over to the shirt I’d left draped over  the couch in our suite last night.
“No! I bought you some new shirts and slacks,” Mandy said as she handed me a steaming cup of coffee. ”I’ll pick something out for you. Drink your coffee and call Damian before you take a shower.”
I carefully took a sip of the hot coffee. Despite the warmth in the room, I shivered. Mandy handed me my cellphone. I called Damian. As his phone rang, I put mine on speaker.
“Good Morning!” he said in greeting. “I got a call at seven this morning. The FBI Atlanta office executed a search warrant on Sam Powell’s property early this morning. By six-thirty they found human remains right where the girl said this Mullard guy was buried.”
My mind was still clouded from the deep sleep Mandy had interrupted, but Damian’s words cut through the fog.
“How did they get a warrant?” I mumbled. I took another quick sip of coffee.
“Lindsey Moran got the girl to sign the transcript of the interview you did with her. She faxed it to me, I forwarded it to Atlanta.”
“Yeah, okay, I get it. The body is probably Adam Mullard.”  
“Right. Atlanta says they’ll have the DNA match exam results in forty-eight hours. But that’s not what I wanted to talk to you about.”
Mandy reached over and placed a small bowl of melons and strawberries on the coffee table in front of me. This wasn’t how I’d planned on starting my day.
“The US Marshals got an early start this morning and went over to the State Police barracks in Montville where they held the Flores woman overnight. They called my office and said she’s refusing to go with them until she speaks with you.”
“She can’t refuse. She’s under arrest! Tell them to do their job!”
“I know that. But she told the Marshals she wants to talk to you about the girl’s kidnapping. She said it’s right now or never.”
I looked over at Mandy who had sat down on a couch across from mine. “Do it,” she whispered.
“All right, what do you want me to do?” I asked. “I haven’t had much sleep and I don’t feel up to driving all the way to Boston. Besides, Freddy made the arrest. He’s never filed a return on a warrant or drawn up an arraignment report. It will take me a couple hours to work with him on that.”
Damian didn’t immediately answer; he was obviously thinking.
“Okay, how about this? The Marshals are with the woman now. I can call them and tell them to bring her to the Springfield courthouse. Judge O’Connell is sitting today. She issued the arrest warrant, I’m sure she’ll be more than glad to arraign her for us.”
“I’m sure she will. All right. Let me get cleaned up and wake Freddy. We can be in Springfield around three if that will work for the Judge.”
“Great! I’ll call her secretary at ten and make the arrangements. I’ll give you a call to confirm. Just don’t go back to sleep on me.”
“Yeah, okay. I’m up.”
“All right. And don’t forget; I need a motive for the kidnapping, I’m counting on you.”
Damian disconnected the call.
“I’m going with you,” Mandy said. It wasn’t a request. 
I sipped half the cup of coffee, slowly; careful not to spill any or scald my lips. I called Freddy’s cell, expecting that I’d be waking him. To my surprise, he said he and Heather were downstairs in a café having breakfast. I filed him in on Damian’s call and asked him to come to our room with his laptop in an hour so we could write up his arrest report. I nibbled at the fruit that Mandy considered an appropriate breakfast. As I did, she showed me a selection of shirts and slacks she’d bought for me.
Her first two ensembles would have been appropriate if I was going on a cruise or to a golf course. 
I reminded her I’d be making a court appearance in a few hours, and more appropriate attire was called for. From the look she gave me, I realized I’d hurt her feelings. Moving past that, I made it a point to excessively compliment a pair of dark blue slacks and a light beige long-sleeve dress shirt she’d bought. I’d brought on our trip a grey sport coat and a couple of ties that would go well with them. Mandy showed her appreciation of my sartorial style with the comment that I had no fashion sense. Thus started my day; a fruit cup and bumped from a best-dressed-for-success nomination.
I went and took a long, hot shower. As I was washing, my mind drifted to Damian’s report Adam Mullard’s body had been recovered and wondered if Amelina Flores had been there when he was killed.
I also thought about how the US Marshals must have felt when they said to her, “Let’s go,” and she refused. I envisioned if she was wearing the sheer blouse she had on when we arrested her, they’d be reluctant to go hands-on to gain her compliance. For the moment, it sounded as if Damian had spared them that dilemma.
I dried off and got dressed; the hot water had rinsed away the fatigue I’d felt a half-hour earlier. My first project was to help Freddy write up his arrest report. 
Freddy and Heather arrived at our suite, the women said they were going to do some shopping. I envisioned having to rent a U-Haul trailer for the trip back to Stockbridge. Freddy and I settled in and wrote up his  report, a project that took a little over an hour. When we finished, we went down to the food courtyard and had lunch. I thanked the Lord for bacon, double cheeseburgers and French fries.
Over lunch, Freddy and I discussed our game plan. When the women returned from shopping, we’d load up our cars and head home. Freddy would drop off Heather at her apartment and then come to my house. I’d drive us to court in Springfield. My plan was to interview Amelina Flores after she came face to face with Judge Miriam O’Connell and learned her bond was two million dollars, cash only.
Checking out of the casino hotel took us twice as long as our check-in, thanks to Mandy’s dozen bags of clothes and accessories she’d bought. For the first half-hour of our ride home, she peppered me with questions about the court proceedings Amelina Flores and Billy Ray Sauder were facing. I did my best to answer, keeping my explanation in layperson terms. The bottom line was the cases would be complicated because of the competing Federal and State crimes they’d be facing. Knowing Damian Costigan as well as I did, I imagined he would prevail and have the first crack at prosecuting the pair. Georgia, Nevada, and Florida would have to take a number and stand in line.
One positive outcome of our conversation was that I talked her out of attending Amelina’s arraignment. Mandy had her ‘see the look on her face moment’ at the casino when Freddy arrested her. My concern was her despise of the woman would hinder my efforts to get her to tell me the motive for Courtney’s kidnapping, though I couldn’t come right out and tell her that. Suffice to say, there wasn’t much conversation between us for the rest of the trip home.
After unloading the car at the house, Mandy checked her garden, I waited for Freddy to arrive for our trip to Springfield. I called Major Rich Prince to explain how the arrest of Amelina Flores had gone down. It was no surprise to learn from him that the TV news had already spread the word, compete with a brief clip of video the poker tournament film crew had obtained.
He was speechless at first when I told him that the FBI had obtained a search warrant and recovered Adam Mullard’s body from a grave on Sam Powell’s property. After a few moments, he asked the question that was in the back of my mind.
“Do you think the Flores woman was involved in killing him?”
I explained Amelina had blurted out Billy Ray had stabbed him when I spoke with her at the casino police lockup. I hoped she’d elaborate when I interviewed her after her arraignment later this afternoon. We ended the call after I assured him I’d give him a full report this evening.
 I looked at my watch, wondering where Freddy was. We would be cutting it short to get to Springfield. I didn’t have long to wait; five minutes later he knocked on the kitchen door.
To my surprise, he was in full FBI Special Agent mode, wearing a black pin-stripe three-piece suit, pale blue long sleeve shirt and maroon tie. We walked out to the deck and said goodbye to Mandy, who was busy adjusting the sprinkler watering her garden. She too was amazed when she saw how he was dressed,
Freddy and I arrived at the Springfield Federal Court house and checked in with the Clerk at twenty minutes before three. She called the lockup in the basement and confirmed the US Marshals had arrived and Amelina was on the docket for a three pm special arraignment. Freddy submitted the return of the arrest warrant and arraignment documents. The Clerk directed us to Courtroom Four and instructed me to check in with Assistant US Attorney Teresa Moore, who would be presenting the case.
Thankfully, the courtroom was empty of spectators as Court was currently in a short recess. Teresa Moore was sitting at the prosecutor’s table; Freddy and I approached and introduced ourselves.
A woman from the Clerk’s office approached a moment later and gave the attorney Freddy’s report. We took a seat on the front row of  gallery benches while she read the document. When she finished, she looked around and told us it was fine. 
A man carrying a suit and carrying a briefcase entered the courtroom and approached the defendant’s table. He looked over at Attorney Moore and nodded,  then turned and stared at Freddy and me.  My guess was he was from the Public Defender’s office.
As the man sat down and opened his briefcase, the bailiff called the Court to order. Judge O’Connell entered through a door behind the bench and took a seat. She peered over her glasses and looked directly at Freddy and me. She turned to the bailiff and nodded; he walked in front of the bench and opened a side door. Three US Marshals, two men and a woman, escorted Amelina Flores to the defendant’s table and sat her down. She was wearing an orange paper jumpsuit, her hands in cuffs in front, her legs in shackles, She looked like hell.
Her eyes were puffy, probably from crying and lack of sleep, I thought. Her ash blond hair was askew, her skin pale. Without makeup, she looked much older than her years. I looked up at Judge O’Connell.  Her face showed surprise at Amelina’s appearance; surprise, not sympathy. She turned and for a moment looked directly at me.
The bailiff called the case, Amelina’s attorney rose and identified himself as Robert Klein from the Public Defender’s office.
“Your honor, the Government has failed to provide the defendant with a copy of the police arrest report. We request you order immediate production to allow me to review it before pleading.”
“Ms. Moore?” The Judge said ,looking at the prosecutor.
“No objection, Your Honor.” She handed it to the bailiff. Attorney Klein studied the document for several minutes.

“Mr. Klein, I’m waiting,” the Judge finally commented. The attorney instructed Amelina to stand.
The bailiff read the charges, Kidnapping and Conspiracy, giving the date and location of the alleged crimes.
“How do you plead?” the Judge asked, looking at Amelina.
“Not guilty,” her attorney responded.
“Fine. The Court accepts the plea. Bond is set at two million dollars, cash, no surety.”
“May I be heard on bond, Your Honor?” Klein asked.
“You may.”
Attorney Klein stated the bond was excessive, given similar cases presented before the Court. He maintained the defendant was a naturalized citizen, of Dominican origin, was a resident of the State of Georgia, and in an appeal for a more reasonable bond she would voluntarily surrender her passport.
Prosecutor Moore rose.
“Your honor, this case involves the kidnapping, brutal assault and rape committed against the victim, who is the daughter of the defendants purported fiancé. The defendant’s co-conspirator in this case was involved in a shootout with authorities. The Government is aware that the States of Nevada and Florida hold active felony warrants for her arrest. Additionally, a current investigation underway in the State of Georgia may implicate the defendant in a homicide in that jurisdiction. 
Additionally, there is evidence the accused has used many alias names in the past to avoid prosecution for crimes she has committed. The Government requests the defendant be remanded without bail.”
“Mr. Klein?” Judge O’Connell said as she looked over at Amelina.
Klein whispered something in Amelina’s ear, she nodded her head.
“Your Honor. My client has informed me she is willing to discuss with the US Attorney her knowledge of certain information pertaining to classified national security interests, and requests her cooperation be considered as an appeal for a more reasonable bond, preferably surety.”
“Mr. Klein, I’ve been previously made aware of your client’s offer. However, I am concerned by the term ‘classified.”  I’m inclined not to reduce the bond without assurance from the US Attorney that any information your client may provide has verifiable facts that would prevent harm to national security. Is your client prepared to disclose her alleged information at this time?” Judge O’Connell asked.
Klein engaged Amelina in a lengthy whispered conversation. I looked over and saw it appeared the two were in disagreement. After a minute, Judge O’Connell interrupted.
“Mr. Klein? I am waiting,” the Judge said with obvious impatience.
“I apologize, Your Honor. My client consents to an immediate interview with the US Attorney’s office.”
“Ms. Moore?”
The prosecutor turned and looked at me. I nodded my head in agreement.
“No objection, Your Honor,” she replied to the Judge.
“Fine. Now we’re finally getting somewhere,” she commented. She recited a warning to Amelina and her attorney that any discussion with the US Attorney would be under oath, subject to the penalty of perjury, and ordered the interview be performed immediately, with the Court providing a confidential setting and assignment of a court reporter. She stated the Court would be open to an argument for a bond reduction at a later date.
For a moment I was stunned. Who had briefed Teresa Moore and the Judge on the case details that weren’t in Freddy’s arraignment report? What had prompted the Judge’s offer to facilitate the interview? In thinking it through, it was obvious that Damian had his hand in this.
Judge O’Connell ordered that the courtroom be emptied of the handful of spectators who had sat through the arraignment, the doors locked, and assigned the stenographer to record the interview. 
She banged her gavel against the bench and adjourned Court. As she rose, she stopped and looked over at me for a moment before exiting to her chamber.
  




























Chapter 30

After the courtroom was cleared, the two male Marshals waited out in the hallway. The female Marshal took a seat in the gallery behind Amelina. Freddy and I pulled up chairs at the defendant’s table across from Amelina and her lawyer. The stenographer set up her machine at the end of the table. She said she was ready.
Attorney Klein recited an introductory passage with each of us identifying ourselves.
After Freddy and I spoke, he commented he hadn’t realized I was a US Attorney from Boston and apologized for not introducing himself when he first arrived. I waved him off as I saw Amelina was staring at Freddy.
“My client would like to make an introductory statement,” Klein said. 
My instinct was telling me I wasn’t going to let that happen.
“I’m not interested in a speech from your client. She’s looking at the death penalty when she’s convicted. I have questions, I only want answers from her.”
My tone seemed to shock Amelina; she jerked her head back in surprise. For the moment, Attorney Klein was speechless.
“I want to know what the motive was for you and Billy Ray Sauder to kidnap Courtney Powell.”
Amelina looked down, her hands in her lap. She looked up.
“Money! What do you think?” Her tone right out of the gate was condescending. I wasn’t going to play her game.

“Why? Did Sam Powell shut off your allowance?”
“No! He owed me. I was the best thing that ever happened to him.”
“You were? A hooker who was selling herself on the Vegas strip, conning your way into the lives of wealthy old men by using your body? I can’t believe Sam Powell was that naïve not to see you for what you are.”
“He’s a pig! He treated women like we were just his playthings. I’m nobody’s toy. Do you know he killed his last wife?” she shouted.
I didn’t expect her to be this confrontational. Her history was telling me she was a con artist. She was smooth. This tone was out of character. The death penalty threat had her scared.
“Yeah, as a matter of fact, I do know that. What he and you don’t know is that Courtney saw what he did. And if Sam told you, and you  protected him, that would make you an accessory after the fact.”
Attorney Klein had an incredulous look on his face.
“You said he owed you. Owed you for what?”
“He’s been selling guns to the rebels. He buys them with money the government gives him for armored cars, and he smuggles the guns in them.”
“C’mon, I don’t want to waste my time listening to your cloak and dagger fantasies. What did his gun running have to do with you? Are you one of the rebels?”
She didn’t answer at first. “No, but I know who they are.”
“And so how does that help our national security?” I looked over at Klein as I asked the question. He looked lost.
“Adam found out what Sam was doing. He went to the cops. Sam was wild about that. He said he wanted Adam gone, and he’d give half-a million dollars to make him disappear.”
“You’re talking about Adam Mullard? Sam’s employee?”
“Yeah.”
“So you and Billy Ray killed Adam for half a million dollars?”
“No! I didn’t kill him! Billy Ray did. He was only supposed to beat him up. If he did that, Adam would go into hiding because he knew if he didn’t go away, Sam would have him killed.”
“So you and Billy Ray killed him. And what? Sam wouldn’t pay you?”
“NO! I didn’t kill him. Billy Ray stabbed him. I can prove it. I can tell you where his body i!.”
“You’re too late. The FBI dug up his body this morning. We can prove you told Billy Ray where to bury him. That makes you an accessory to murder. Again.”
She sat silent, staring at me in disbelief.
“So, Sam wouldn’t pay you, and that’s why you stalked Courtney on the trail and sent Billy Ray up there to grab her?”
Once again, Amelina hesitated. She was stalling. This was turning into another one of her cons.
I leaned over the table and looked at her.
“Look, we have proof you pinged Courtney’s phone to find out exactly where she and her boyfriend were on the trail. We have proof you pinged her from Logan Airport. We have proof you and Billy Ray picked out the place to hide her. Did you tell Billy Ray to rape her over and over and over?”
She was silent. I saw her body trembling. “Well, did you?”
“No! NO! I told him not to touch her!” she shouted.
“Yeah, right,” I said sarcastically. “You told your pimp not to touch her. And we’re supposed to believe that.”
Amelina broke down and started crying. She looked up and stared at me.
“ WHAT DO YOU WANT FROM ME?” she screamed through her tears. I saw the woman Marshal stand up as if she was getting ready to restrain Amelina if she lashed out. I motioned for her to sit.”
“Did you send a text to Sam demanding a million-dollar ransom?”
“YES!”
“And you did that because he wouldn’t give you the half-million for getting rid of Adam Mullard?”
“YES”!
 “And you hit the old man in the head with a lamp when you went to see him about the cabins?”
“YES! He was fighting with Billy Ray and tried to grab a gun he had in a drawer. I had to stop him. He was going to shoot us.”
“Why did you fly to the Dominican Republic on Sam’s jet last week?”
“I have friends there.”
“Isn’t it true you went to your friends to get another fake passport?”
She didn’t answer. 
“Well? Is that why you went there?”
“Yes. Yes! YES!”
She burst into heavy sobs. I had broken her. I had the motive I’d been searching for; the last piece of the puzzle. I motioned for the stenographer to stop recording; she looked relieved I looked over at Freddy;  he was staring at his hands folded in his lap. Amelina’s lawyer had a deer in the headlights look on his face. My work here was finished.
 














Chapter 31

It was a few minutes past three in the afternoon on another hot, humid day. I was at home sitting on the back deck enjoying a drink while Mandy harvested some crops from her garden. 
It had been a week since I’d interviewed Amelina Flores and got her to admit she was responsible for the kidnapping of Courtney Powell. I had her confession documented in sworn testimony and had forwarded it to Damian Costigan in Boston. Amelina was unable to post the cash bond Judge O’Connell had set. Although a Federal prisoner, she was being held at the Commonwealth MCI prison facility in Framingham awaiting future court appearances.
I’d received a written report from the Connecticut State Police that detailed their follow up investigation of the man who was with Amelina when she was arrested.
Vincent Bescenti gave a statement that he’d met Amelina at the casino only two days before her arrest. After intensive questioning, he admitted he had paid her five-thousand dollars for what he described as ‘personal services” for his planned week’s stay at the casino to participate in the poker tournament. After they’d struck the agreement, she moved into his suite.
Bescenti was charged with illegal possession of a weapon, was arraigned in State Court, and released on a ten-thousand-dollar bond. The Connecticut detectives did not uncover any prior connection between the two.
Earlier in the week I’d met with Major Rich Prince and Sheriff’s Lieutenant Matt Holcomb at the State Police barracks in Lee for an interview by investigators from the Attorney General’s Office who were investigating my use of deadly force against Billy Ray Sauder. After lengthy discussion under oath, the investigators were quick to agree my actions were in self-defense.
 It was interesting for me to find out that the Justice Department had only a few consulting US Attorneys under its jurisdiction, and I was one of only five who possessed a Federal license to carry a concealed weapon. I also had the distinction of being the first to discharge a weapon in the course of official duties.  
Rich Prince said Billy Ray Sauder had been transferred to the custody of US Marshals and had  been discharged from the hospital. It was reported use of his hand would be limited thanks to my marksmanship, but that didn’t bother me. If Damian Costigan was successful in Court, Billy Ray’s life expectancy would also be limited.
Mandy had been visiting Courtney Powell every day at the hospital. She was expected to be discharged the day after tomorrow. Her boyfriend, Jimmy Jenkins, had remained in the area and was pursuing the purchase of the property he’d looked at to establish a retail outdoors equipment outlet adjacent to the Appalachian Trail.
I got up, walked over to the deck railing and watched Mandy working. I was breaking one of her house rules by having an adult beverage early in the afternoon, but I had a reason.
Last night after dinner I’d received a phone call from Georgia Investigator Billy Sullivan. He reported based on the transcript of Amelina Flores’ confession we’d sent to him, he’d obtained an arrest warrant charging Sam Powell with conspiracy in the murder of his ex-employee Adam Mullard. A Federal Grand Jury was being convened to probe his arms trafficking.
Billy said when he and several detectives went to Powell’s house to arrest him, they found him dead on the back patio. Cause of death was being ruled suicide; a single gunshot to the head. Unexpectedly, he asked me to inform Courtney of her father’s death.
I drained the last of the alcohol in my glass, set it down, and leaned with both hands against the deck railing. I looked at her scarecrow wearing my shirt and pants. I envied him. I took a deep breath before I called out to Mandy.
“It’s time! You need to get cleaned up and dressed. We have to go to the hospital and talk to Courtney.”

