

Venetian Moon
The Smashwords Edition

Maria Grazia Swan

Copyright © 2016 Maria Grazia Swan
an Echo Canyon Press publication
* * *
All rights reserved, which includes the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever except as provided by the US Copyright Law.

Smashwords License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment. It may not be resold or given away. If you would like to share this ebook, please purchase an additional copy for each person with whom you want to share it. If you're reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or if it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Venetian Moon is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and beyond the intent of the author and publisher.

* * *


Cover design by Debbie Coleman
www.ImagineThat-Design.biz


Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
Chapter Twenty-six
Chapter Twenty-seven
Chapter Twenty-eight
Chapter Twenty-nine
Sneak Peek at Desert Moon
Other books by Maria Grazia Swan
About the Author



This book is dedicated to all my relatives from Chioggia, including the ones from the past.


Special thanks to Federica Rossi Parrino, my Chioggia contact, for sharing facts I had forgotten and to Marco Dalla Valle for all his knowledge regarding autostrade and other automobiles related details.

Mille grazie.






ONE

Venice, Italy, October
The heavy doors closed with a swoosh. I stopped and scanned the wall of humanity squeezed behind the crowd barriers. Only the eyes of strangers looked back.
My hope to encounter a friendly smile or familiar face faded.
I walked by the crowd of people waiting for disem-barking passengers to clear customs, my hand steady on the rolling luggage, my head held high, my heart a heap of shards.
He is not here. What will I do?
I kept on walking. The damn autumn sun reflecting on the fountains outside the glass walls caused my eyes to tear up.
I didn't ask for much. A hug, a comforting word. He promised.
I'd forgotten how small the arrival terminal of Venice Marco Polo airport was. Except for the noise level, it felt like a tea parlor compared to Los Angeles International.
What could have possibly been so important to keep him from meeting me?
"Signora York. Signora York."
I searched for a face to match the voice. A tall woman ran toward me. "Signora York, sorry to be late." She spoke Italian, and for inexplicable reasons, I found it soothing.
Long legs inside knee-high black boots and skintight jeans, a charcoal sweater and matching, loosely quilted vest. Under the terminal lights her hair appeared to be a rusty brown. Who was this woman calling my name as she approached? I had no doubt; I'd never met her before.
"Signora York." Between words she made sucking, gasp-like noises. "Sorry to have you wait. There was an accident on the autostrada." She stopped and studied my face. "You don't know who I am, do you?" 
I shook my head.
She offered her hand. "Pia. Pia Bartolomei? Surely your son Kyle must have told you? About me—us? No?" It was her turn to shake her head. A smirk replaced the forced smile. "No, of course not. So typical." She tried to take the suitcase handle from me. I resisted.
"Where is Kyle?" I asked.
She fidgeted with her hair, a single braid resting on her right shoulder. "Roma.
Cinecitta. Last two days. He had no choice." Her voice laced with resentment.
Resentment for my presence or my son's absence?
We faced each other, this Pia, who stood a whole head taller, and I. Where did my son find these women? Always so tall. What was that thing he said? "Can I help it if I like roses with long stems?"
"Signorina Bartolomei, did Kyle—has my son told you where I should meet him?" Awkward.
"Please, call me Pia. I'm to drive you to the condo. Kyle hopes to be able to come up to Venice in two days after they wrap the interior shots."
"You mean in two days he'll be completely done filming? I had no idea."
"No, not really. A few retakes are scheduled here. That's why he thought it would be easier for you to stay put. Jet lag and such."
We crossed an airport parking lot reminiscent of similar large, generic parking areas in America, like those at Walmart. The wheels of my suitcase made squeaky sounds. While the inside arrival space had been packed with people, the parking lot looked empty.
I had visited Italy two years before, but this was my first time landing at Marco Polo in six years. A glimpse of the Laguna and St Mark's Campanile had delighted my eyes as the plane started its descent. I always felt sorry for first-time visitors when they realized that Venice's airport was actually not in Venice.
I trailed Pia by a few steps. We didn't have a thing to talk about. She stopped beside a two-door, faded green VW and clicked a remote in her hand. The hatchback opened. She waited, her eyes on me. Got it. I slid my suitcase into the back of the car, and she slammed it shut. A weathered I heart NY sticker on the back bumper made me smile.
The tension between us—palpable. When I turned to buckle the seatbelt I noticed a lanyard dangling from the rearview mirror, a square badge attached to it. Even without my reading glasses the name stood out: Pia Bartolomei. The word above her name was in even larger print. PRESS. And then I remembered.
"Mio Dio, the girl from RAI TV. How silly of me. You were at Kyle's hearing two years ago, in California. You were doing a special about second-generation Italians in America."
She kept her hand on the ignition key without starting the car, and smiled. "He did tell you about me." A long sigh.
I went on. "Yes, he did, and I must say he was quite smitten. Apparently he still is." I smiled back.
We went from silent strangers to gabbing friends thanks to a single word— PRESS. I asked her to call me Lella.
October hadn't affected the trees lining the access to the airport. Perhaps the warm weather accounted for the green lingering on the branches. Anywhere but here such a stately entrance would suit a high-end private school better than an international airport. Then again, Marco Polo was unique, built for modern comfort amongst splashes from the past—a statue here, a fountain there.
"So where is this condo? Is it Kyle's?" I asked
"Lella, I can't believe Kyle hasn't even talked to you about the accommodations. The condo belongs to Cruz."
"Tom Cruise?" I assumed she mispronounced English names.
"Oh, no, no." A short laugh. "Manuel De La Cruz, you know—the actor?" She glanced at me sideways, apparently astonished by my ignorance. The name meant nothing.
"Kyle and Cruz are working together. That's partly why they're sharing the condo. The place belongs to one of Cruz's… friends." Another laugh. More snort than laugh, really. "She hardly ever comes to Italy. Anyway, Cruz plays the long-lost older brother. It would be correct to assume he is the main attraction, as the movie title is The Lost Heir. I'm not saying Kyle's part isn't important, but Cruz is well known in Italy, while Kyle is new to the game here."
"Game?"
"Yeah, you know, he doesn't have any major motion pictures in Italy yet. Cruz is a household name. This is not a reflection of talent, only of popularity among moviegoers." The last part was added in a hurry, as if she were making sure not to offend me. "By the way, Kyle sent a telefonino for you to use. I'm afraid your phone doesn’t work here."
He did think about his mom after all.
We drove in the opposite direction from the arrows indicating Venezia, entering a busy industrial area with many intersecting roads. Where were we headed? Pia's driving was a little jolting. Each time she changed gears was a reminder the car had a manual shift. The road signs Pia seemed to follow clearly stated Ravenna and Chioggia. That confused me.
"Pia, where is this condo? Isn't Venezia the other way?"
"We are driving to Chioggia, the miniature Venezia, as the locals like to call it. This is no ordinary condo. It comes with its own story, and it's all connected to the film industry."
I didn't know what to say. Too many sleepless nights left me mentally exhausted and dazed, in no small part due to my last-minute decision to fly to Italy, which resulted in an atrocious schedule with several connecting flights.
She glanced at me. "The mother of the present owner was an extra in a French movie made in Chioggia. She had a major crush on Jean-Paul Belmondo, the actor. Was there more than a crush? Who knows? That was in the sixties. I wasn't even born." 
I was.
"Anyway," Pia went on, "when the old palace used in one of the scenes was remodeled, subdivided, and sold, she bought one of the apartments. Upon her death it became property of her only daughter, who lives in France. The heiress apparently finds Chioggia too small and boring for her tastes, but she hasn't gotten around to selling the place, so she lets Cruz use it. I'm sure he knows how to show his appreciation."
The idle chatter kept my driver's attention occupied. For that I was thankful. The last thing I wanted was for Pia to notice my own state of turmoil and ask questions. Even I wasn't ready to face the reason I boarded that flight to Venice.


TWO

What have I done?
I spent two years convincing myself I was a changed woman—positive, strong, sure of myself. Ready to speak my mind, no matter the consequences. Done pretending all was well. No more smiling while my heart ached.
Wasted years. Nothing had changed. When it came down to it, I didn't speak my mind. I ran.
I lay staring at the artsy plaster medallion centering the ornate ceiling of a bedroom in someone else's home. I had been drifting in and out of sleep for the last two hours, aware I broke another one of my clever self-appointed rules: never go to sleep upon arrival just because you're tired. Always wait at least until nine p.m.
I have to do something. Anything to keep the unbearable ache of missing Larry from assaulting my heart again.
It's five p.m.
Morning in California. He should be up. What about her? Would they be sharing the first cup of coffee of the day or lingering in bed following a night of passion?
Stop it. Drowning in loneliness.
After a quick tour of the place, Pia mumbled something about an assignment out of the region. Before leaving she showed me how to work the citofono, an old-fashioned intercom that allowed communication with the concierge. She assured me Kyle would call as soon as he was done working and would answer my questions.
The telefonino played a familiar tune, "California Girls." Kyle's sense of humor.
"Mom, welcome to Italy. Sorry I couldn't be there to meet you. Is everything okay?"
Everything okay? "Um, well, we can talk about it when I see you."
Would I have jumped on a plane and flown halfway around the world uninvited if everything were okay?
"I'm hoping to get up there by tomorrow afternoon. You didn't give me much notice you were coming. What's gotten into you? Itchy feet, like they say?" He laughed, or pre-tended to. "What did you do with Flash?"
Flash was my cat and my beloved companion. "Sabrina, from the mission. I hired her teenage daughter to take care of Flash." Silence.
"Look." We spoke at the same time.
"You go first," I suggested.
"Mom, I'm not sure what's going on, why you decided to come visit. I'm happy you did, whatever the reason. There should be food and drinks, clean towels, and all that stuff at the condo. If you don't find something, use the citofono. Augusta, the concierge, will get you whatever you need ASAP. She's really good that way. Oh, before I forget, Cruz is on his way up."
"Up? You mean up the stairs? Now?"
His laugh, real. "No, no, he is coming up to Chioggia. He left Rome this morning, but you never know with him. Anyway, he has his own key and he's very… noisy. I don't want you to be frightened. He's stopping by the condo to pick up some stuff, then he'll probably be gone. You should write down my number in case you need to reach me."
"Kyle, where are you staying?" Why did Larry have to bring her to his place, our place?
"Me? Oh, you mean here in Rome? The studio maintains a place for out-of-town personnel. Very nice, actually. They also provided me with a car. It's sort of a cute story. I drive a newly redesigned Ford Focus with automatic transmission, very rare in Italy. Their personnel liaison didn't think I could drive a stick shift. Should have brought pictures of my Porsche." He sounded so carefree and happy. "But Carolyn is in town, and I've been her chauffeur and tour guide a couple of evenings after work."
"Carolyn? Your agent is in Italy? I had no idea."
"Yes, she's good friends with Cruz's agent. They're talking international partnership."
"Whoa, sounds impressive." Tiptoeing around the big question neither wanted to tackle: What really happened to prompt me to leave home?
"I'll tell you all about it when I get there. So, you okay?" Running out of safe subjects? "Then bye for now, and don't hesitate to call me if you want to talk." 
"I will, and I think the ring tone of the telefonino is so—appropriate. Grazie." 
After we hung up it hit me that we never mentioned Pia or Larry.
When Pia had unlocked the door and swung it open, the condo had that unmistakable moldy smell of closed-up places. Not that unusual in such old houses. Not enough direct sun to keep the thick stone walls dry, especially in these coastal towns.
Daylight was fading. Should I turn on the lamp? I shivered in my light robe. I touched the radiator. Cold. The heating system wasn't working, and I had no clue what to do. I assumed Kyle warned Cruz of my presence. What if he forgot? Damn. Talk about feeling out of place. Maybe I should go for a walk. I had a key. I couldn't decide. It wouldn't make any difference. The hurt inside would travel with me regardless of where I went.
My bedroom faced the same busy street we drove in on, but only faint noises rose to the third-floor windows.
I ventured into the living room to get an idea of what was on the other side of the building. This place reminded me of those fantasy movies with princes and princesses who lived happily ever after.
I didn't belong here. The furniture was as plain and neutral as could be, probably to counteract the walls, which exuded nothing short of opulence—silky tapestries, narrow windows from floor to ceiling. And the height of those ceilings? Incredible. Maybe they had to build them so tall to accommodate the massive chandelier. Must cost a fortune to warm the place during the winter months. I wished I could have made a fire, but the gilded fireplace looked more like a movie prop than a functional one. From the living room window I noticed the water. Dark, so dark and green. It gave me shivers. Seawater. Not the kind of sea crashing on sandy beaches. No, this was similar to the water in the deep canals of Venice. Chioggia, the miniature Venezia. That was what Pia had called the town. Across from the window a row of two-story buildings with arched porticos sat on the opposite bank of the canal.
Like in Venice, the palazzo backed into a waterway. That alone could account for the moldy smell, the lingering cold. I tried to open one of those tall, narrow windows, but it wouldn't budge. A thermometer hung on the wall outside the window. I had to use my reading glasses to see what the temperature was. I wasn't sure why, but it seemed important to know. Thirteen. It showed thirteen degrees—Celsius, of course. I had become so Americanized I couldn't remember the conversion between Celsius and Fahrenheit. I wasn't alone. On the opposite side of the same window another thermometer showed fifty-five degrees Fahrenheit.
What temperature would it be in the foothills of Orange, where Larry sat and sipped coffee brewed from his favorite blend of— 
Stop it.
I didn't come all the way here to sit in a stranger's home and cry. I wiped my face and headed into the bedroom. Then it hit me. Something about this place was odd. There wasn't anything personal. No photos, no knickknacks, nothing out of place. Everything organized and, dare I say, catalogued? Like a suite at a fancy resort, even down to the fresh flowers and a welcome basket of fruit. That would explain the neutral furnishings and generic rug.
I turned on the shower. The bathroom, too, was set up like a hotel. White towels stacked high, neatly folded, hair dryer and countless small bottles with colorful labels. The white towels and assorted toiletries reminded me of my first morning in Larry's house. Two years ago.
I picked a chamomile shampoo and stepped into the shower. In spite of the modern look of the bathroom, the showerhead made a loud noise. Old pipes. We had the same problem in my mother's house. Mom—I hadn't thought about her in so long—why now? I should go to visit her grave; it's maybe a few hours away. Kyle could drive me.
My stomach gurgled while I dried my hair. Not surprising. I'd had nothing but the airplane food in the last twenty-four hours. That was it. I'll get dressed and go grab something to eat. Italians didn't eat until late in the evening. I would fit right in.
While I showered moonlight slipped in and sprinkled blue hues over the whole bedroom. Outside the window, a full moon held court up among the stars in the Italian sky. Larry would love the sight. Oh, Larry. Why?
In my blind rage and rush to run away, I packed little that was suitable for autumn in Northern Italy. Plus, a lot of my belongings had been at Larry's. Clear your mind. The clock on the night table said seven p.m. I could stop by the concierge desk and ask directions to a small nearby restaurant, one that was easy to find. I wouldn't want to get lost on my very first evening.
Better take the telefonino. Fully dressed, my hair dry, lipstick on, I grabbed my purse and the keys to the condo, and walked out of the bedroom. The living room also displayed a blue stream, courtesy of the incredible beam of moonlight spilling through the tall window. It was so well defined it looked like a sliver of moon pie, narrow but elongated, reaching all the way to the thick rug covering the inlaid wood floor.
Wait… no… what?
In the center of the silvery slice, a dark figure lay motionless on the carpet. 
Dio Mio. I took a step. The body moved, and I screamed.


THREE

"Buona, sta buon. Son io, Cruz." 
Be good. I'm Cruz?
The chandelier suddenly lit so brightly my eyes hurt. What? The dark shadow that had been sprawled on the rug was my host Manuel De La Cruz? I blinked but didn't budge from where I stood.
"Am sorry," he said in an attempt to speak English. "Do you speak Italian?"
"Of course I speak Italian. I am Italian." I wanted to slap his silly smile away.
What had he been doing on the floor in the dark?
"Italian Italian?"
"I don't know what constitutes an Italian Italian, but I was born a little north of here, province of Vicenza. Is that Italian enough for you?"
"Ah, Kyle's mamma, you are mad at me." He smiled with his eyes. His mention of Kyle reminded me in whose living room I stood. I smiled back. This was the great Cruz? Casanova Cruz? I had pictured him like the Italian version of George Clooney. But this was a middle-aged man in need of a good meal. Such a bony face, thin lips. Interesting, in a strange way. Imperfect features and unsettling eyes. Perhaps fame added an aura of charm to everything he did or didn't do.
"It’s the moon." He hummed. "I like to meditate by the full moon. It reinvigorates me, clears my mind. Didn't mean to frighten you. How are you? Did you find everything you need? Have you had dinner?" His sentences ran together. As he spoke and grew more animated, personality began to seep through. He had a childlike smile, probably well rehearsed. He moved closer, right under the chandelier where I had parked myself. Thick lashes shadowed his eyes. Odors of tobacco and cigarette smoke lingered on his clothes.
"I didn't hear you—did you say you have eaten?" My stomach growled, and Cruz had his answer. "Oh, Kyle's mamma is hungry."
"My name is Lella."
"Hungry and spunky. What are you hungry for—Lella?"
The double entendre wasn't lost on me. Now I really wanted to smack this overgrown adolescent. Did he catch my annoyance? "Sorry," he said. "Habits. But seriously, anything in mind? Pasta? Fish?"
Forget eating, I still couldn't get past his sudden appearance. "Cruz, I didn't know you had arrived. The place is so quiet. I'm puzzled or maybe simply curious. I wonder… if you don't feel like answering it is totally fine, but I understand you are a famous movie star. A household name, according to Pia Bartolomei, right?"
He nodded. The glow on his face was bright enough to compete with the chandelier.
"How do you manage? The anonymity, I mean. No paparazzi hurtling at your door, no admiring fans screaming under your windows."
He bobbed his head to the cadence of my voice. "True, so true, Lella. But I am smart. Everything was planned carefully years ago. This is my place for tranquility.
When I'm here, I'm not Cruz."
"I see. You are not Cruz, and how do you convince the town of that? You wear a mask? A wig? You buy their cooperation?" What's gotten into me? It's none of my business.
He laughed in a spontaneous way, maybe for the first time since we met.
"Come on." He took my hand. "Let's go talk to Augusta. You will understand."
We had made it to the door when he stopped. "Almost forgot. I'll be right back." He disappeared behind the door of what Pia had indicated was his bedroom and returned carrying a Prada gift bag. The blue lettering on the white background was hard to miss. "Now I'm ready. Let's go."
"We are going to talk to Augusta the concierge?"
No answer. He pulled me along to the elevator, down to the street level and into Augusta's office. He raised his hand to knock, but when his knuckles met the door, it opened.
Pia had introduced me to the older woman known as the concierge when we arrived around noon. Distracted, I hadn't paid much attention.
Augusta sat at her desk. The moment she saw us she stood and smiled, magically losing twenty years.
"Manuel, you're back," she cooed, extending both hands to him.
He smiled, accepted the offered hands and placed the Prada bag in them, then kissed the plump concierge on both cheeks.
"Not for long, I'm afraid. But Kyle's mamma"—he nodded in my direction—"she is on vacation, so you'll see a lot of her and perhaps Kyle also." He moved his hands away from hers. "Do you think we can take a look at the menus? Of course, I already know what I want." More smiles. "But Kyle's mamma has no idea about the good care you take of us."
I wanted to shout that my name wasn't Kyle's mamma but decided I could put up with his immature sense of humor for one evening. After all, he was willing to put up with the imposition of my unscheduled presence.
Augusta went back to her desk and removed a folder from one of the drawers. The lamp put a shine on her silver hair. She opened the folder and laid at least a dozen restaurant menus on the desktop. While she motioned me to look at them, she kept glancing at the Prada bag, obviously dying to open it.
Small golden bells chimed eight p.m. The lovely sound came from a handsome old clock on the wall.
"I never get tired of listening to that beautiful sound. Thank you, Manuel." Augusta sounded a little misty.
I stared at the menus, unable to decide what to do. "Cruz, you are more familiar with these restaurants than I am. What do you suggest? Something light so I won't toss and turn all night."
He chuckled at my remark, spread the menus on the desk, picked one, and suggested some risotto di frutta di mare. While it literally translated to "rice with fruits of the sea," when served it would be a light risotto with mussels, scallops, and calamari. Perfect. He worked out the details with Augusta, who apparently ordered his food when he stayed at the condo.
She assured us everything would be delivered within forty-five minutes.
More kisses on both cheeks, then we left.
"Let me see. You get here in the dark so as not to be seen and hide in the condo while your star-struck old girl provides you with your daily needs, then you take off again in the dark. That's your wonderful life in Chioggia? How long have you been calling this gilded cage home?" Why was I so mean? The poor man did nothing to deserve my criticism. Misplaced anger or a preview of the mood swings my ob-gyn predicted for my near future?
"Gilded cage? Hide waiting for darkness?" We paused by the elevator door. "You don't know a thing." He grabbed my arm. Like a man on a mission, he firmly dragged me along toward a dim corridor. Smoke might have flared from his nostrils, but I couldn't tell in the low light.
"Where are you taking me?" All his passion could be a sign of craziness. The narrow hallway grew even darker and seemed to close in around us.
He stopped at a door. I knew it was a door because a low-voltage light bulb above it made it possible for Cruz to insert a key, unlock and open it wide.
A gush of cold air took me by surprise. Were we outside? This wasn't just cold air; it had a damp, chilling effect and smelled of mold and rotten wood. Memories of my grandfather's cellar popped into my head. But my grandfather's cellar had a floor. This place? Several steps down from the threshold, dark water slapped against the walls.
"Come on." Cruz stood on the lower step, prodding me to join him. The instant I moved away, the door shut behind me. What have I gotten myself into?
Water dripped somewhere in this cavernous place, resonating loudly. Precise and relentless.
"Watch where you step." His voice was as calm as if he were taking a stroll in the park. He must have pulled a flashlight from his pocket. The light beam showed the way.
He seemed to be walking on solid ground, so I followed him closely. Our footsteps echoed in the vaulted space. We turned a corner and found ourselves at a moonlit underground dock. The moonbeams poured in from a large skylight, bleaching the walls and the boat to a ghostly pallor. A boat!
"Where are we? What's above us?" I listened for dock sounds—voices, engines of other boats. But the only sound was the water slapping against the walls and moorings.
"The skylight is part of the garden terrace. We are under the palazzo. Think of this place as a basement with seawater." His laugh was filled with affection. "And this is my Gemelli."
"Gemelli? You are a twin? You have a twin brother?"
"Lella, Lella, pay attention—Gemelli, as in astrology. I named my boat after my birth sign."
That explained the affectionate tone. The man was in love with his boat.
"Got it. This is your beloved speedboat you named Gemini because you are a Gemini. Correct?"
"Brava!"
Maybe it was the chill of the underground canal or the jet lag that finally caught up with me, but the tingling that crept up my spine when he mentioned Gemini wasn't pleasurable. More like bad memories and an urge to get out of there.
Cruz's flashlight had a limited but powerful beam. He pointed it and examined the ropes anchoring the Gemelli.
"Don't you have any electricity?" I stomped my feet. The humidity from the slippery stones dampened my ankle boots.
"Of course I do, but I don't want to attract attention."
"Attract attention? Whose attention? The sewer rats?" I can't believe I said that.
He grabbed my elbow and forced me to walk the length of the boat past the bow. A few meters ahead, the underground boat slip opened into a wide canal dripping in moonlight. Cruz pointed across the water at a few lit windows. "The stores are closed, but people live above the businesses." He smiled. "Like you say in America, I like to keep a low profile."
"Is below sea level low enough? How about we go back to the condo?"
"Not yet. I want you to understand how free I feel to be myself. No agents, no paparazzi, just me and my boat." He rubbed his hand against the side of the speedboat the same way I ran my hands over Flash's back, except my cat purred. "My boat is my magic door. Once we leave the slip, I enter a different world, a world where I can choose who I want to be and where I want to go. No one questions me. I spend days on one of the small islands, just painting."
"You paint?"
"Painting is my passion. When I'm no longer, um, effective on the screen, I will paint every day. Augusta stores all my painting material when I'm gone for long periods of time. I don't leave anything personal in the condo. You never know who may stop by."
"You mean you are not the only one with the keys?"
"I'm told I am, and I give keys to my guests, but I trust no one. And you are right, Lella, I do wear wigs and glasses when I roam around town. Here." He climbed aboard the boat and was immediately coated in that ghostly, washed-out color. "Take my hand; come aboard."
"No, that's okay. Really. I'm fine." My stomach gurgled loudly. Cruz kept his arm stretched out to me. Damn! He helped me up. The saying "a fish out of water" took on a whole new meaning. All I wanted was to get out of that drippy, stinky place.
The boat actually smelled of new paint or something. Cruz stood there like a king assessing his domain. If a simple boat gave him such pleasure, this middle-aged man must have missed a lot more than a good meal in his life.
"See?" He pointed to the skylight above. "Soon the moon will be directly over us, and on nights like this I lie on the bow. Come on, I'll show you."
"Show me what?" I really, really didn't want to be there and had no intention of waiting for the moon to reach its pinnacle. This was getting too strange. Cruz lifted me up and sat me on the bow of the boat. He seemed very comfortable, while I was just the opposite.
"Relax, relax." He settled himself beside me and leaned back, looking straight up past the skylight to the moon just coming into view.
He tapped his palm against the bow. The chill and humidity must have messed up my brain functions, because I lay back next to him, looking at the same moon, thinking of the easiest way to get the hell out of there.
"Nights like these make it all worth it." His voice dreamy.
I had no idea what he meant, and I didn't care. Lunatic. It dawned on me the moon in Italian was luna. How appropriate.
"So, Cruz, you're Spanish?" I figured talking might keep him from enjoying his moonlight, and maybe we'd go back to the condo.
"Spanish? No. Why do you think I'm Spanish?” 
"Your name?"
"Oh, that. I adopted the name."
"Adopted? You mean you legally changed your name? Or is it your screen name?"
"When my friend died I adopted his name to honor him."
We are not having this conversation. He's rehearsing some movie part and wants to see my reaction. "And you didn't have to go to court for that?"
"Only three people know, now four. I doubt you'll go out and tell the world about it. Besides, no one will believe you."
Dear God, the man is crazy. "What about your family, don't they care?"
"I don't know. I grew up in an orphanage. My friend and I ran away when we were about twelve. I always liked his name." He became very quiet, then I heard muffled sounds. Was he crying?
"He died of meningitis when he turned fourteen. I gave the priest my name for the burial. Manuel approved. I know it. Now Manuel De La Cruz is a household name—not bad for a runaway orphan." His voice faded.
He really is a great actor. Maybe I should clap. I wanted to hug him and tell him everything would be okay, but I choked on my emotions and didn't move.
The boat rocked a little harder. I was getting motion sickness.
My imagination played tricks on me. I could have sworn someone else was on the boat. I felt a presence then—no—I caught a moving shadow. Too frightened to scream, I elbowed Cruz.
"You hungry?" He got halfway up. I don't know if he saw the fear on my face, but something must have alerted him. He turned his head, and his body stiffened. "Hey! Delinquente," he yelled.
When Cruz moved, I could see the dark silhouette of a man perched on the side of the boat. The stranger jumped off. The sound of his pounding feet receded as he ran away.
I lay still, paralyzed by fear.
Cruz jumped down and went after the intruder.
The roar of a motorized boat zipped by the open canal before Cruz even reached the end of the slip.
Show over.


FOUR

Cruz paced with the frenzy of a caged feral cat.
"Shouldn't you call the police?" I sat at the dining room table, not knowing what to do. Can this day get any weirder?
"Call the police and say what? A stranger touched my boat?"
"The stranger was clearly trespassing, and I'm sure he was going to rob you or something."
"How do you know he was trespassing?" He stopped at the opposite side of the table, the intensity of his stare totally disturbing. "Is he a friend of yours? No one has ever come close to my boat at night, ever. Until tonight, that is."
I didn't like the way this was going, and above all I didn't like his accusing attitude.
"Friend? What friend? I know no one in this town. All I saw was a dark shadow, then he was gone." Those eyes of his—reminding me of other eyes, stirring memories, painful memories I didn't want to revisit.
"Maybe he was a paparazzo." He looked at me again. "Did you see him take photos?"
"No, of course not. I didn't see any flash, did you?"
He stared at me like I was a seagull who pooped on his boat. "Flash? Who needs a flash? What? Are you living in the sixties? This is 2008. Remember?" He headed for the direction of the kitchen, mumbling.
I pouted. How rude of him to bring up the age issue. I rethought the matter of his cinematic charm.
I hadn't dared to question him about dinner, but intruder or not, I could use some food. The clatter of dishes came from the kitchen. My mouth began to water. "Need some help?"
"No, I'm getting our food from the dumbwaiter. I'll be right there." His tone very pleasant.
Dumbwaiter? I'd never seen one and wanted to go have a peek, but the volatile Cruz finally sounded more composed, so I stayed where I was. Better not to poke the sleeping bear. He brought two covered dishes then turned back to the kitchen.
"I don't mind helping," I offered.
"You are my guest—besides, not much to do but open a bottle of wine and enjoy our meal. No sense worrying about what happened on the boat. We'll see. Let's eat." He sat across the table from me, picked up his napkin, and smiled. "Aren't you going to look at your food?"
"Oh, yes, sure." I removed the stainless steel plate cover. My risotto looked perfect, and the appetizing smell of shellfish wiped away all thoughts of boats, paparazzi, and mercurial actors. "Mmm."
Cruz slid a wine-filled stem glass toward me. "A toast to an exciting tomorrow," he said.
I wasn't going to ask him to explain. I toasted, sipped some wine—excellent— then started to eat my risotto. Never checked to see what my host ate. By the third bite I realized I hadn't thought about Larry since I screamed at Cruz moon-bathing on the rug. Maybe I had reached the turning point. I wished.
We ate in silence. Cruz refilled my glass, always without talking. Awkward. The whole evening felt like a page from the diary of a cranky divo.
My sense of gratitude for the hospitality waned according to Cruz's mood. When he stood and cleared his place from the table, I saw a chance to pack it in for the night without offending him. I picked up my plate, silverware, and glass and followed him to the kitchen. He set his tableware into a cabinet built into the wall. The dumbwaiter!
"How clever." I drummed up as much improvised enthusiasm as I could muster.
"Oh, you mean this?" Cruz pointed to the mini-elevator with so much pride you'd have thought he invented it. "Here, let me show you how it works."
After adding my tableware, he closed the door and pushed a button on the wall, and a soft whir from the other side of the closed cabinet door let me know the dirty dishes were on their way down.
"Wish I had one in my kitchen," I joked, "but my kitchen is on the bottom floor."
"This is a small one. They come in all sizes." Dear God, what have I done? He is going to tell me the history of dumbwaiters. "As a matter of fact, we used a large dumbwaiter in my movie Zodiac. That's how we explained the disappearance… you've seen that movie? Haven't you?" The expression on my face must have told him I had never heard of the movie. And his expression told me he wasn't happy about it. "Well, Kyle's mamma, prepare yourself for a treat." We were back to "Kyle's mamma," not a good sign. He strode into the living room, pointed to the large couch. "You sit here while I get it ready."
Damn, he was going to make me watch this movie of his. Mental images of me snoring on the couch while the film rolled gave me a hot flash. Another of my ob-gyn's predictions coming to life. How can I get out of watching the movie? Call Kyle? It must have been after ten. And say what? "Mommy doesn't want to watch Cruz's picture. Come save me." I sat on the couch, phony smile plastered on my face, fingers crossed it would be a short movie.
Cruz seemed happy as could be. He opened a large, ornate armoire opposite the couch, and a screen appeared. With his back to me, he clicked buttons, slid drawers, came to sit next to me, grinning, then changed his mind, got up, crossed the room and dimmed the chandelier.
"There. Now we are ready. Sorry, no popcorn, but we have wine." Again he got up and came back with a new bottle and two heavy, cut crystal goblets.
I forced myself not to roll my eyes and kept the phony smile steady. This time when he sat, he held a remote and made himself comfortable before pouring wine into both glasses. When he clicked the remote, he looked giddy as a child on Christmas morning. "I should have won an award," he mumbled. "I'm a chameleon in this movie. I spent months researching and preparing for the part. You'll see."
The scene opened in black and white. A desolate landscape, it seemed almost from a different planet. Eerie music rose. The shot bounced from a close-up of dead trees to a close-up of a sheer rocky cliff. Then the camera pointed to the sky, and the screen filled with dark infinity and stars. No moon. Credits rolled, the title, names, and trademarks. Boring. I stifled a yawn. It's going to be a long night. The screen was no longer black and white, more sepia than anything else. The camera zoomed inside to a room that looked like a sacristia, a church utility room—dark cabinetry, tall, skinny windows. In the shadowy scene, a candle. I could clearly see the candle's flame and a person—was it a man?—hunched on a chair beside the table with the candle.
The hair on the back of my neck rose to attention as an inexplicable sense of urgency to get up and run surged from deep in my soul. The music grew louder, and so did my inner wail. When the camera zoomed on the hunched figure, he turned. The candle cast leaping shadows on the man's bony face.
Thick lashes framed his eyes; a deep furrow crossed his forehead.
Mio Dio.
The gold stud in his right earlobe reflected the gleam of the candle.
Strands of gray hair lay amid the black at his temples.
"You. It was you!" I cried out and leapt from the sofa to put distance between us. He grabbed my leg as I passed him. "Lella, what's gotten into you?"
I spun and hit him with my fist. His glass landed on the thick carpet, spilling the wine.
"You miserable man, it was you on Ponte Vecchio. Don't try to deny it. February 2006. Does that ring a bell? The chart of a dead woman. How dare you, how?" I found myself sobbing between hurled words. "I need to tell Kyle. You messed with his life ."
"Lella, Lella, calm down. That was you? L'Americana. Los Angeles." He held my arms so I couldn't slip away, and when I looked up the man from hell was laughing. Laughing. "How could I possibly have messed Kyle's life? You were alone. Yes, I remember now. I did an astrological chart… for you? Oh my God. I can't believe that was you. So, what? You took my nonsense seriously? How is that my fault?"
"It wasn't my birth date I gave you…" What was I doing? Rehashing the past? For what? The simple logic of his statement began to sink in. How was it his fault I swallowed his nonsense, hook, line, and sinker, like they say? The screaming and sobbing had depleted the small amount of energy I had left. I dragged myself back to the couch and sat.
Cruz had enough sense to turn off the damn movie.
"Why did you do that?" I asked, even though I already knew the answer. "Why did you pretend you were an astrologer?"
"Lella, I really am sorry. I was practicing my part, had been working with a well-known astrologer. He suggested I try out my creation somewhere I wouldn't be recognized, just to see people's reaction. Ponte Vecchio was the perfect spot. No locals are around at night, only tourists. You were the second tourist to stop by, the only one who said yes. I did my skit as rehearsed and was very pleased with your reaction. When I realized you forgot your package and were probably coming back for it, I gave a generous tip to the vendors and told them I was never there. End of the show. It was never my intention for you or anyone else to get hurt. Really. How did I hurt Kyle?"
All I could do was shake my head. How indeed? It wasn't his phony chart that sent Kyle to jail. It was Ruby, my former friend Ruby. "Sorry, Cruz. I overreacted, but yes, I did believe you were an astrologer. I never realized it wasn't real until just now, seeing you in the movie with the hair and makeup."
He nodded and didn't even try to hide his satisfaction at hearing how well he fooled me that evening on Ponte Vecchio. Damn you, Cruz.
I looked down. "I need to clean up the wine I made you spill."
"Oh, forget about it. Augusta will take care of it in the morning. It's only white
wine. We're lucky. Red would have been much harder to clean." He was all smiles.
"I think I've made enough of a fool of myself for tonight," I said. "I'm going to bed and will resume my apologies in the morning, okay?"
He patted my hand. I assumed my reaction was almost as good as an acting award.
I dragged myself to my bedroom knowing I couldn't possibly call Kyle so late, plus I felt like a drained idiot. One good thing came of the evening. All that sobbing and screaming washed away the pent-up anger I had been carrying inside since Larry's phone call three days ago. I got into bed and fell into a deep sleep.


FIVE

The jingle from "California Girls" woke me up.
"Hello."
"Buongiorno, Mamma, are you awake?"
"Sort of. Wow, you sound happy." Then I remembered. "Oh my God! You'll never guess—wait—did you talk to Cruz?"
"No, why? What happened?"
"Kyle, it's him, the charlatan on Ponte Vecchio. Do you remember when I came back from Italy and had the hand-drawn astrological chart for Ruby? The chart of a dead woman."
"Come on, Mom, you're not going to start that nonsense again, are you? I thought we decided to forget about it and move on."
"I am. We are. You don't understand. Cruz was the astrologer, the fake astrologer. It was all an act. He was rehearsing for some movie, Zodiac. Yes, that's the title, Zodiac." 
I waited for Kyle to say something. Express outrage, anything. Silence.
"Aha!" He laughed wholeheartedly with no restraint. I couldn't believe he had really heard what I said.
"Fake astrologer." More laughter. "That's just so typical of Cruz. Too funny. Wait until I tell the crew. 'He scared my mom to death with his made-up predictions.'" He laughed so hard he snorted into the phone.
"How can you find this amusing? He caused all those problems."
"Mom, get over it. He didn't cause anything. He invented a series of predictions, and you made it your bible. Cruz had nothing to do with Ruby or what she did to that poor woman from Parker. And Cruz didn't make me trade cars with Ruby either."
"That's what he said." So much for all my outrage. My son probably thought I was an old fool and a pain in the neck. "He showed me his boat." I changed the subject, attempting to redeem myself in Kyle's eyes. "Maybe we can take a boat ride when you get up here."
"I'm halfway there already, still waiting for Cruz. We have a television interview in about forty-five minutes. He better be on his way. When we are done, I'll drive up to Chioggia, and we can go to dinner. What do you say?"
"That would be wonderful. Can I see you on television?" All the spontaneity had left my body. I glanced at the clock on the bedside table, 9:10 a.m. I'd slept a long time. Good.
"The interview is recorded, not sure when it will run. Mom?" Uh-oh. His doomsday tone of voice. "Larry called."
Larry called. "Larry?"
"Yes, Mom. Larry." He waited.
"Oh."
"Oh? What's that supposed to mean? Like 'oh, good' or 'oh, damn'? Mom, what's going on?"
Thousands of answers assembled in my mind and stayed there. I tried to swallow the knot sitting at the back of my throat. It wouldn't budge, and I couldn't speak without sounding ready to fall apart, so I said nothing.
"Okay," Kyle said. "Don't want to talk to me? Fine. I gave him the number of the phone you're using. Just so you know."
"You didn't."
"Why shouldn't I give him your phone number? He is very concerned about you. He had no idea you were here. Offered to take care of Flash. I was going to ask if you two had a fight, but obviously that wasn't the case."
"How do you know? You weren't there."
"True, but Larry would have said something instead of being totally dumbfounded when I explained you flew here unexpectedly. He assumed something happened that required your immediate presence. He's concerned about your well-being." That staccato way of pronouncing each word. Was he lecturing me?
The knot in my throat expanded and moved up to choke any good intentions I had to open up to my son. Some things are best not told.
"They're ready for me. I need to say goodbye for now. Mom, whatever is going on between you and Larry, you owe the man an explanation. He may not be your husband, but you have two years together. That must count for something. He'll call you. Answer." And just like that, Kyle was gone.
Clear your mind.
Cruz was on his way to meet Kyle. That was what my son said. That would explain the total silence in the place, but I hadn't heard him leave. Then again, I hadn't heard him when he arrived yesterday either. He must be the quiet type. Where were they meeting? I hadn't even asked.
The mention of Larry messed up my mind and my heart again. Maledizione. What if he called? Did my mobile phone have caller ID? What was I going to do? Answer? Ignore? I should have stayed and faced him. Running didn't solve a thing. I couldn't hide forever. Hide? Hiding a phone call away. Who was I kidding?
Okay then, I would answer and be done with it. The be done with it hit me so hard it took my breath away. Be done with it meant never being with him again. Waking to my empty bed, in my empty house, with an empty life.
God, what had I done? Now all the little things that made our relationship so special tugged at my heart—the private sleeping niche he built for Flash so I could take her with me when I stayed at his house, all the times he dropped what he was doing just to have lunch with me. The place wasn't the trigger; my presence was what counted. Damn it. I'd grown used to the feel of his hand holding mine, to the scent of his skin on my pillow, the touch of his lips on mine. Above all, I knew he would always be there for me.
Why hadn't I considered all that before getting on that plane?
Stop it.
I couldn't avert my eyes from the phone. Only hours ago I viewed it as a gift of love from Kyle. It had now transformed into the proverbial eight-hundred-pound gorilla. Why did I sit there, waiting for the phone to ring? At some point I came to my senses and got dressed. The sun shone, and I needed some coffee. I would go out, explore the town, and grab something to eat. What about the phone? Take it or leave it?
The jingle.
No.
My hand shook to the beat of my heart. "Hello?"
"Mom, is Cruz there?"
"Kyle?" A sigh escaped my lips. "Cruz?" I sounded like a parrot.
"Yes, Cruz. He hasn't shown up. His tardiness is well known, but this is plain stupid. I'm either going to do the interview alone or cancel it. Damn. Can you do me a favor and see if he overslept? I know it's farfetched since it's almost noon, but I'm running out of ideas. His agent Roberto is checking if there were any accidents reported on the autostrada. Cruz loves any publicity. That's why it's so strange he isn't here. Please, go knock at his door."
"I… okay. Be right back." I hated this. I didn't want to go check on a grown man, and this was his place, not mine. The living room looked just as it had when I went to bed. A faint smell of wine lingered. Snowy noise patterns streamed on the television screen. This was so awkward. Still holding the phone, I barely touched Cruz's door, and it opened quietly.
"Cruz?" I couldn't get myself to step in or even look directly into the room.
"Is he there? Mom?" I could hear Kyle talking.
I called out louder. "Cruz, are you in the bathroom?" The door to the bathroom was open, and I could see it was empty from where I stood.
"No one is here, Kyle. The man sure is neat. He even made his bed." 
"What are you talking about? If the bed is made it means he didn't sleep in it. Damn."
"You want me to talk to the concierge?"
"No, Roberto already called her. What now?"
"Kyle, where are you?"
"Bologna. Not that far from Chioggia. Where the hell can he be? Okay, Mom. Thanks. Go about your day, but call if you see him or hear something. Otherwise I'll see you in maybe four hours. If I'm running late I'll let you know. Ciao." Anger and stress percolated in his voice. Not a good mix.
I didn't know enough about Cruz to pass judgment. Although if Kyle was right and he hadn't slept in his bed at all, why hadn't I heard anything? When someone stays up all night they walk around, flush the toilet, speak on the phone.
The phone. It looked as if I had no choice but to take it with me around town, just in case Kyle needed me. I didn't really have to worry about Larry calling. It was the middle of the night in Southern California.
I checked my hair, put on some lipstick, and grabbed my purse. "California Girls" caught me by the front door.
I froze. I knew.
I walked back to my bedroom, closed the door behind me, sat on the bed, and answered.


SIX

Breathe.
"Hello." I didn't want him to know how badly I trembled, how confused my heart was. My heart, not my brain.
"Hi, Lella. How are you?"
How I had missed the way he said my name.
"Fine. You're up early." Oh God, why are we playing games with each other?
"I couldn't sleep."
She must have kept him up all night. "Sorry to hear that." I waited for another polite banality.
"I spent the last twenty-four hours replaying our last conversation in my head to see if I could make sense out of… this."
"This? This what?"
"I was worried sick something happened to you, blaming myself for not being there. All kinds of scenarios played in my head when you didn't answer your phone. Wrong, of course. You packed your things and hopped onto a flight to Europe without so much as a message on my answering machine. Why? Was it something I said? What could be so irreparable you wouldn't talk about it? Don't you think I've earned the courtesy of an explanation? I wouldn't be calling you halfway around the world if I didn't care about you." His voice a mixture of sadness and conflict.
Not quite what I had expected. No snake-charmer performance. All I heard, or felt more than heard, was that he couldn't fathom why I left.
I swallowed air. Time to set the facts straight.
"How would you feel if one day you called me and I told you I wasn't able to talk just then as I was traveling cross-country with my former lover?" I waited.
Did he hang up? Did he? So I was right. He wasn't even going to try to deny it. I sat still, afraid to touch the wrong button. If he hadn't hung up, I didn't want to be the one to do it accidentally. Damn, what was wrong with me?
Push the little red button and be done with it. Isn't it what you want?
No, no. The idea of never hearing his voice again broke my heart and sucked the breath out of my being. No. I leaned against the headboard and closed my eyes.
"Lella… you think I'm having an affair with Olivia's mom?" He was back.
Olivia's mom? How convenient. Take the sexuality off the table, make it family, a sense of duty, responsibility. Clever. The knuckles on the hand holding the phone looked pale, deprived of blood flow. I was that tense.
"Is Jennifer staying at your house?" There, I said it. Jennifer, not Olivia's mom.
"In the guest room, yes. The rented truck with her belongings is parked in the driveway until she can move into the place she just leased. This is why you left?" His voice was almost an octave higher than usual. "You have no trust in me, so little faith in yourself, in our relationship?" The surrender in his voice was so real I wanted to cry out that he should forget what I said, that I didn't mean it, that I believed him.
Instead I found myself wondering what Jennifer looked like. Was she tall, short? Fat, skinny? Did she wear glasses? How about her hair? Why had I never seen a picture of her in Larry's house? He had plenty of photos of Olivia. "Larry, why did you fly to Florida in such a hurry?"
"You were sitting next to me when Jennifer called. I asked you to go with me. You weren't interested. Don't you remember her despair? Her husband had been arrested for having a sexual relationship with one of his high school students. Apparently she wasn't the first one. Jennifer was terrified he might have molested Olivia. She thought that was the reason Olivia didn't want to come back from Europe." He spoke in a hurry, as if afraid I would stop him.
I didn't know what to say. He was telling the truth. I had meetings scheduled at the mission that week. Seemed important at the time, and then there was Flash. Who was I kidding? None of that really mattered. Convenient excuses.
Truth was, I was afraid—afraid I wouldn't measure up to Jennifer. Larry would have a chance to compare us. I thought for sure it would be his wake-up call, and I would be history.
Coffee. I needed coffee something bad. Anything to fill the hollow place in my heart, anything to avoid facing reality. "I remember," I conceded. "How is Olivia?" Now I felt sorry for him.
"I haven't been able to get in touch with her. The last time we spoke she was in Paris, said she was ready to come home. Lella, it's been over two years since I last saw my daughter. Her passport expired. I wired money and haven't heard from her since." He paused, then: "What's happening to me? To us?" He went quiet, the silence more disturbing than the words.
What was happening to us? Had I been too hasty on passing judgment? All my decisions had been based on suspicions and paranoia, not facts.
"Maybe, Larry. Maybe I can help you locate Olivia. I'm closer." Peace offering. 
"Where are you? When I spoke to Kyle he was driving between Rome and Venice. I didn't have the nerve to ask your exact location. It was hard enough having to ask how to get in touch with you."
"I'm sorry." Why was I apologizing?
"Maybe I should have given you more warning about Jennifer's moving back to
California… my driving the rented truck."
"Yes, you should have. We can talk about that later. I'm in a small coastal town near Venice. But Kyle may have some influence, and Carolyn is here. Let us help with Olivia." A chime in the background. I recognized Larry's cell. "Someone's calling you on your cell phone? What time is it over there?"
"Three a.m. It may be Olivia. She may have been trying to reach me on the land line but we—"
"Answer. Hurry. Answer. Call me back later. I'll be here." 
The line disconnected.


SEVEN

Corso del Popolo was a wide avenue flanked by older three- and four-story buildings, some with the ornate windows similar to those common in Venice. Countless churches sprang among the houses of Chioggia's main street. Interesting Victorianlooking street lanterns stayed in tune with the "little Venice" image. In spite of the cooler weather—by Southern California standards—charming tables and umbrellas were set outdoors on both sides of the corso.
Transformed from residences into stores, restaurants, and cafes, the street settings invited locals and tourists alike to sit, sip, and smile. I accepted the invitation and made a short stop for a cappuccino and a cornetto, a croissant-like pastry filled with crema, the delicious Italian vanilla pudding.
It was past noon, and I had given up on waiting for Larry's call. Many mea culpas had crossed my mind while I waited, and I was still unsure if we were on a mending path.
Too many questions swirled in my head. Mostly, why did I run? He was right. I could have told him how much it hurt to know he was traveling with Jennifer. I said nothing. The old me would have pretended all was good while dying inside.
I didn't pretend; I ran while dying inside. Passive aggressive. I read that in a book. It described my behavior perfectly. I didn't argue. I hid, thinking all the while I was going to show him. Yeah, I showed him, all right. I was the one who was a mess, and just because he hadn't called back.
Grateful credit cards were now welcomed by most Italian businesses, I paid the bill. When I had left Dana Point, my plan had been to get money from my account at the American Express office in Venice. That never happened because the young woman sent by Kyle whisked me away from the airport and straight here. Well, no American Express office in "little Venice."
Few people sat at the outside tables. October wasn't tourist season. Most locals had already headed home for lunch. I should have been doing something to keep busy until Kyle arrived, and returning to the condo wasn't on my agenda. The last thing I wanted to do was to face Augusta the concierge again, not after the look she'd given me when I'd stopped by her office to explain about the spilled wine.
"Yes, I'm aware of last night's incident. It's being taken care of." She'd turned around, lips tight, and gone back to filing papers or pretending to.
End of conversation. Wonder what kind of story Cruz had fed her.

Maybe I could find the canal I saw from the back window of the condo's living room. I stood smack in the center of Chioggia centro storico, old town, and felt as if I had visited this town before, as a little girl. With my mother. Yes, it'd been here—well, at Sottomarina, the neighboring small town with the big hotels. That had been where I saw the sea for the very first time. We had traveled by bus, just Mom and me. It was such a long time ago. I hadn't thought about it in years, decades.
I left Corso del Popolo and the center behind and walked down a long calle, a narrow street between buildings. The pedestrian bridge I reached was even more narrow than the calle. To cross or not to cross? It could wait. There didn't appear to be anything all that appealing at the other end, only old, neglected apartment buildings.
I turned left, two marble steps down, and found myself looking at a row of small shops. I could close my eyes and pretend to be in Venice. The same string of arches framed the buildings on the canal edge, but this canal had no gondolas, and the buildings could use a fresh coat of paint.
Colorful wooden boats tied and left bobbing in groups of two or three didn't look like they would be up for adventure or romance anytime soon. The rest of the boats, modest in appearance, were moored casually without any obvious order. Only a few had a small engine.
Where was everybody? My steps against the stone sidewalk sounded like the clippity-cloppity of a horse.
Oh, of course, siesta time. How about that? I picked the perfect time slot to stroll the town looking for something to do. If a foreign nation ever wanted to invade Italy without a fight, siesta hours would do the trick.
I walked, keeping my eyes focused on the opposite bank of the canal, searching for the palazzo, and nearly tripping on a chair occupied by an old woman.
"Oh, scusi, scusi, so sorry I wasn't paying attention."
She raised her head from what she was doing. Her face was weathered but her eyes reminded me of the pale blue eyes of a kitten, the same sense of wonderment minus the neediness. Her nod acknowledged my presence. I stood next to her awkwardly, staring at her hands.
A bundle like a rolled-up fat towel was on her lap, a white piece of lace pinned to it. Her fingers moved so quickly it took me a while to realize she held a needle between the fingers of her right hand. Her left hand pulled a white thread. It all went on with incredible speed and precision. Did she sense my curiosity? With another nod, she pointed me to the old wooden chair with a straw seat next to hers. My mother had inherited some old chairs like these from her mother. I wondered which relative claimed them after Mom's death.
"Where are you from?" She spoke without interrupting her work.
"Son Veneta. I'm from the Veneto region." I said it in the Venetian dialect, on purpose.
"You may be Veneta by birth, but you aren't from around here," was her shocking answer.
"How can you tell?" I laughed it off.
She pointed to the folded napkin sticking out of my pocket. A precautionary measure, in case of unplanned nature call. The logo from the restaurant where I purchased my cappuccino and cornetto was blatantly obvious. "Tourist's spot," she said with disdain.
Observant old devil.
"What are you doing? Your fingers move so fast, and yet I can't see any progress."
"Lace." Not the talkative type.
"Oh, you mean like Burano lace?" I had a tablecloth back home with delicate panels of the exquisite lace.
"Look around," she said. "Does this place look like Burano?"
I'd never been to the little isle outside Venice, but, seeing her so miffed, I dropped the subject. The stores on either side looked closed. The business behind us had the original look of the old buildings—no new glass front, no fancy windows or elaborate displays. A plain old door, bottom half of wood, glass upper half with a lace curtain that looked handmade. The work of my brooding new friend?
"You're right. I'm not from around here." A little diplomacy to smooth things over.
She ignored me.
I thought perhaps it was time to go back to the condo. The quiet of the early afternoon felt surreal, with the shy autumn sun reflecting on the peaceful canal and no one but the two of us there to enjoy it. We might not be able to turn back the hands of time, but in that place it felt very much as if time had stood still.
I gave another try at conversation. "Those are such colorful old boats."
"Bragossi."
"Excuse me?" Was she insulting me? I had no idea what the word meant.
"That's what the old fish boats are called—bragossi, mostly used for boat parades, tourist photos, and struggling artists practicing their talents. The boats look so colorful because they are made of wood, and are often repainted in those basic, vivid colors: red, blue, and yellow." She glanced sideways at me. "It's all about money, and tourists bring money. We have to adapt our ways to meet tourists' expectations."
"Oh, I see what you mean. That makes sense. I'm trying to remember Chioggia as it was when I visited. We stayed here in town, and my mom would ride the bike to Sottomarina. I would sit in the front. But those days are in the past, maybe forty-five years ago. I can't even tell where we stayed. I do remember that the building was about four stories high. There were narrow corridors between the buildings with laundry hanging from balconies and kids playing in the streets, kids without shoes, in shorts, eating juicy watermelon."
As I spoke my memories came alive and carried me back. "It was hot, must have been summer, a sticky hot. Mom had a wet towel and she would wipe my face often. The apartments had no doors. Instead there were curtains made with strings of wooden beads that clicked like castanets when you walked through. And the smell of fried fish ruled the world." I snapped out of my trance-like state, looked at my new companion and shrugged.
The old woman looked at me with—fondness? "Tende antimosche."
"Oh! Curtains anti-flies? You mean those beaded strings they used to keep out flies when it was too hot to keep the doors closed." Italian-style screens?
She interrupted her work, and some of the wonderment faded from her eyes. Her face softened. She reached out and covered my hand with hers while her other hand caught a rebellious tear channeling between furrows. "That world is still here, cara mia, but a little farther from the tourist area. If you stay far away from Corso del Popolo and Canal Vega, you're bound to find yourself in the middle of your memories. Sooner or later. I misjudged you. Welcome back."
We sat without speaking. I thought of happier times, simpler days. Did she as well? I cleared my throat. "Do you live here?" I glanced at the door with the lace curtains.
Her eyes shifted up toward the row of windows above the door. "Si," she said without joy. When her glance slid back to the storefront, she added, "My son's wife."
Not my daughter-in-law. My son's wife. A small discernment, but I understood.
"She sells old junk and antiques. I'm part of the display."
I fought the urge to hug her. She seemed worn out by loneliness and maybe the indifference of loved ones.
"Where are you staying?" A brief flash of interest crossed her face.
"Oh, I'm a guest of my son's friend. Somewhere over there across this canal." I found myself once again searching for the palazzo, but had no idea what it looked like from the back. Most of the buildings on the opposite side of the canal appeared neglected or abandoned. There were closed wooden shutters over a few windows, no wilting geraniums on the windowsills, no lace curtains or crystal chandeliers in sight. How about the underground dock? Maybe it could be seen in daylight.
"Are you a guest del Francese mato?"
"Guest of the crazy Frenchman? Is that what you are asking me? No. As far as I know there aren't any Frenchman where I'm staying."
Her shield was back up, and her fingers moved fast and furious.
Just then the rumbling of a light engine broke the silence and an old, rusty motorboat passed by. "Well, I would have guessed this canal was off limits to motors. I would have been wrong," I said.
She shrugged. "Around the corner is the open laguna. This type of craft is used for transport of goods. The canal is not that shallow, but engine noises are to be kept low."
She had my full attention. "No speed boats, then?" Was I at the wrong end of town? Did I get lost? I didn't even have an address.
"Speedboats? Rare, but we have some—el Francese, for example."
Damn. There was that word again. The Frenchman. I felt her eyes on me, piercing my skull. She carefully removed the lace bundle from her lap and stood, laid the work in progress on the straw seat of her chair and took my hand. "Come."
We walked toward the direction where the rusty boat had disappeared from view. We passed one arch then another, and there it was across the water. No mistaking it. Cruz's palazzo. It was quite plain from the rear. The tall, narrow windows barely arched on top. Perhaps it had been built in the years after the opulence of the Republic of Venice waned. At the bottom of the palazzo, where the walls met the water, there was a wide opening, arched at the top like the windows.
I had seen similar points of entry for boats and gondolas in Venice, on the Grand Canal mostly. This one looked like a submerged porch, and above it was a rooftop terrace with huge potted plants. "That's where the Francese keeps his shiny boat." She pointed to the opening at the bottom of the palazzo.
Cruz's underground dock. Damn. Something wasn't right. Why Frenchman?
Her eyes locked on to mine. "Is that where you are staying?" We were the same height, and now that we stood so close I suspected her weathered face was more the result of hard living than old age.
I wasn't going to lie. "Yes, it is, but I have no idea who this Frenchman is. Can you describe him?"
She laughed, the laugh of a tired soul. "I can't. He keeps on changing. I call him el Francese mato because no normal man would act like that."
"Like—what?" The tingle scurrying up and down my spine wasn't one of pleasure. Could she be describing Cruz?
"He isn't from around here. I've only seen him during the day, and he doesn't seem to have a regular schedule of any kind. Sometimes a season goes by and no traces of him, then I'll be sitting there just where you found me and hear the rumbling of the engine.
"The first time it happened, it frightened me. I thought it was a plane falling from the sky. This shiny thing came from the bowels of the building, quickly turned toward the laguna and disappeared in a wake of misty foam. I never saw him come back. Sort of forgot about it. After the second time, I was curious. I snatched some old opera glasses from the store. The next time the boat appeared, I was ready." She spoke with pride, as if it were her civic duty to keep an eye out. "I saw this man, thin, with a big, dark mustache and long, curly hair covering part of his face. Every time he goes by he looks different." 
I'm like a chameleon. Cruz's words echoed in my mind.
She went on. "I can tell it's the same man by his behavior. He stands tall and stiff as he steers the boat toward the laguna. Just as it starts to turn, he flips a cigarette butt into the water. That's the only thing that never changes." 
Ah, Cruz. Busted by your smoking habit.
She narrowed her eyes, squinting against the sun. "That building is owned by a Frenchwoman. He must be a relative of hers, or a very close friend. But I haven't seen him in a while. Last night I heard a muffled engine. But it sounded different. Hard to tell, they had the television on." She looked toward the son's place. "Maybe he sold the place to your son's friend." She stared straight into my eyes, and something told me she knew a lot more about what went on across the canal than she let on.
"Maybe he did," I said, and didn't flinch.
A young woman in tight jeans and dark glasses stepped off the bridge and walked toward one of the closed stores. Siesta time was over. We headed back toward the two empty chairs sitting side by side. A turning key clicked from inside the wood and glass door with the lace curtain.
The lace maker's shoulders slumped. "Stop by tomorrow if you are still here," she said without looking at me.
I nodded and kept walking away. When I reached the pedestrian bridge, "California Girls" chimed inside my purse.


EIGHT

"Mom, where are you?"
"Hi, Kyle. I'm walking around Chioggia, not too far from Cruz's condo. It turns out I've been here before as a child, and—"
"Mom. Mom." He spoke quickly. "That's nice, but we are still trying to locate Cruz. Have you seen him at all?"
"No. Do you want me to go talk to that Augusta person?" Please, say no.
"No need to. I'm only ninety minutes away. Cruz isn't answering his damn phone. What an idiot. His agent tells me he missed work a few times over the years, but never a media appearance. Maybe I'll know more when I get there. I'll be able to tell if something is amiss. Okay, see you soon." A pause. "Did you talk to Larry?"
What? "I did."
"Good. See you very soon."
Good? How would he know? For all his success and good intentions, Kyle never seemed to understand much about relationships. Speaking of which, it was odd he never mentioned Pia. Was she his girlfriend, or wasn't she? But what did I care? My son never discussed his women with me. Turnabout is more than fair—I'm not going to discuss men with him. He used to talk about girls while growing up, but all that changed after his father's death. Perhaps he felt compelled to be the man of the house, or maybe with his dad gone Kyle didn’t want to discuss matters of the heart with his lonesome mother.
Nothing from Larry. The phone call that interrupted our conversation must have had something to do with why he hadn't called back. I wasn't going to blame Jennifer. No need to call him if she wanted his immediate attention. Reach out and touch me crossed my mind. Here we go again. Why was I always more suspicious of men's loyalties than of women's?
Walking between apartment buildings built so close to each other reminded me of urban high rises so tall and tightly crammed together that the space separating never got direct sunlight.
At least I had a pretty good idea of the palazzo location. Might as well go back and wait for Kyle. Too bad I hadn't stopped to buy a local paper or a magazine to catch up with Italian news or, better yet, Italian gossip.
I made it to the front entrance of the palazzo in minutes and noticed the absence of parked cars. Either all the condos were empty, or there was a garage nearby. I let myself in then headed to Augusta's office to ask if Cruz's car was accounted for.
I knocked and waited. Knocked again. On impulse, I tried the handle. The door was locked. What a relief. Hey, I tried. I walked to the elevator as fast as I could.
The living room had been vacuumed, dusted, and whatever else… I couldn't tell, but there was no longer the lingering odor of spilt wine. Good. I made a beeline for the window, curious to see if I could spot the lace maker's place. I recognized the row of arches and residences on the upper floors but couldn't see the chairs where we sat and chatted. The arched porch hid it from view.
A noise came from behind me. Cruz? I turned. The concierge was quietly locking Cruz's bedroom door. She pocketed the key. Parts of an odd conversation with Cruz crossed my mind.
"You mean you are not the only one with the keys?"
"I'm told I am, but I trust no one."
"Good afternoon, Augusta."
She spun around, and the scowl on her face told me I wasn't supposed to have been there to witness that. That? What was such a big secret about cleaning someone's bedroom?
"Is Cruz back?" I used my sweetest voice, hoping to annoy her as much as she annoyed me.
"No. I made his bed. Need to go." She walked out before I could come up with some other smart-alecky remark. Damn.
Made the bed? Not likely, since it wasn't mussed when I left that morning.
Yeah. Like Kyle said, Cruz probably didn't even sleep in his bed last night. Why would she lock the room when it wasn't locked before? Whatever their relationship, it had nothing to do with me. Stick to your own problems.
On cue, the cell phone chimed. I walked to my bedroom and closed the door, resisting the temptation to lock it.
"Lella." Larry's voice radiated tension. Not his style. Tension and worry were my department. "Lella." He sighed.
"What is it?" Maybe something bad happened to his daughter.
"How far are you from Innsbruck?"
"Innsbruck? That's in Austria. I'm in Italy."
"I understand. I was wondering if you know the distance between where you are and where I'll be."
What? "Wait, wait. You are going to Innsbruck?"
"I'm flying out of LAX tomorrow at noon with Lufthansa, changing planes in Frankfurt. With layovers and all that, I should be landing in Innsbruck roughly thirty hours after departing California."
I was speechless. I waited.
"I miss you, Lella. I want to fix this—this thing that's caused you such pain. Give me a chance. My life has been hell since you left. And now what's happening with Olivia… I always pictured the two of us traveling through Europe together. You, me. On vacation, though, not like this."
My brain refused to process anything he said with the exception of I miss you and my life has been hell since you left. That part eased my tension. I felt vindicated. "I don't know the exact distance, maybe two hundred miles. How about you tell me what's going on?"
"Remember when we were talking and I had to take another call? Well, it was Olivia calling. She's being detained in Innsbruck because she couldn't produce a valid form of ID. At least, that's what she said."
"You don't think she is telling the truth?"
He sighed again, and the sorrow he tried to conceal was so real it snared my heart.
"Five days ago she told me she was in Paris trying to renew her passport at the American embassy in order to get back home. I wired her a large amount of money for her flight back, for the passport, and the hotel." A long pause. "Now she's in Innsbruck broke and still without a passport."
I had to know. "How about her mother?"
"Jennifer? She doesn't have a passport, and she may have to go back to Florida if they subpoena her for her husband's trial." His voice held no empathy or affection when he spoke about the woman, and he seemed bitter. More was going on here than he was sharing. "Besides, I bet she knows a lot more about what's up with Olivia than I've been told."
I knew it.
"I'm so sorry." I really was. The memory of Kyle's brief stint in jail for something he didn't do still lingered in my mind. "Anything I can do to help?" Parenthood is a forever mission.
"Yes, wait for me. My friend Bonnie Fisher was able to locate an Austrian lawyer through her legal practice. He can help expedite the matter with the passport. As soon as that's done, I intend to put Olivia on a flight to the States, then I'll get into my rented car and come to visit you, wherever you are, if you let me."
I found myself speechless again. He sounded so… eager to please me. "Larry, our cell phones don't always work here. You may want to get yourself a cell phone when you get to Innsbruck so we can talk."
"I will. Good to know."
While he didn't seem to want to hang up, he also seemed hesitant to speak, as if he didn't want to say something wrong. This was not the Larry I knew.
"How old is Olivia now?" I asked.
"Twenty-three. The European trip was her present for her twenty-first birthday. It sounded like a good idea at the time. Started out with a college group and a chaperon. When the rest of the group returned home, Olivia said she was staying behind with her best friend from school. In the last twenty-four hours I learned that was a lie. The girlfriend returned to Florida at the end of summer, just as originally planned. My daughter has been wandering around Europe on her own for two years. I feel like her mother had to know all this." His voice was strained, anger and outrage audible. Whoa! And all this time I thought he was busy making love to Olivia's mom. "I'm going to be talking to the girlfriend and her parents."
There wasn't much to say, less to do at that point. "I'm so sorry. I wish I could do something. I can only sit here and wait for Kyle. I know it sounds silly, but I feel like… a stranger in my own country. And I'm not about to drive in Italy, no way. You wait. I don't know about Austrians' driving habits, but wait until you see how Italians act behind the wheel. They are, like, possessed. I refuse to drive, period."
"So it's okay if I show up at your door? You are the only reason I would be driving on Italian streets."
I swallowed before answering, not wanting him to hear all that emotion pent up in my voice. "Of course it's okay, but at the moment I don't know where I'll be." I tried to offer some emotional support to his problem. It had to be hurting him terribly. "Don't be too pessimistic. Maybe Olivia had a good reason to stay in Europe. Give her a chance to explain before you pass judgment."
Good advice. Too bad I hadn't been able to follow it myself.


NINE

"Mom? Mom?" Kyle's voice.
I must have dozed off. Damn jet lag. "Come in. The door is open." Still holding the cell phone against my chest. God! I rubbed my eyes and straightened out the clothes I'd slept in, trying to look dignified.
"Mom!" Kyle hugged me so hard he nearly lifted me off the bed. Oh, how I missed his hugs and enthusiasm. "Let me look at you. I'm so happy to see you."
I choked up. "Hey, that's my line." It was my turn to look at him. While he didn't appear older, he did seem more mature. Couldn't be. He'd only been gone ten months. "You look… different."
"Of course I do. I've been Italianized. You like that word? Sounds so important, doesn't it?" He laughed. "Seriously, though, I need to find out what's going on with Cruz before we go to dinner. You hungry? You want to wait here while I talk to Augusta? Or you can go with me. Your choice."
"I'll join you. Can I have a minute to comb my hair?" I couldn't get enough of looking at him, all grown up, tanned, sophisticated, and so handsome. My little boy. 
"Sure, go ahead. I'll go check out Cruz's room." 
Good luck with that.
I turned the faucet to a trickle and pretended to wash up while keeping an ear out for the bedroom inspection.
"What the fuck?"
Dear God, I'd never heard my son use the f-word before. Was that what he called Italianization?
He rattled Cruz's bedroom door.
Time to butt in. I stuck my head out of the bathroom door. "The concierge locked the door."
"Augusta? Why would she do that?"
"I don't know. She was leaving with the key when I came back from my outing."
"Damn." He wasn't happy, but he didn't say the f-word in front of me. Not that I'm a prude, but there's something uncomfortable about hearing your offspring swear.
* * *

We headed to the first floor, where the concierge's office was located. Some of the initial reunion magic might be wearing off, but all in all, I could tell Kyle was glad I was there. Good.
The concierge seemed startled when Kyle swooped down on her without bothering to knock. "Good evening, Augusta. I understand you met my mother. I found Cruz's room locked. Do you know anything about it?" No chitchat, straight to the facts.
Her eyes met mine. I smiled.
"Huh—I—yes, I wanted to make sure all was—you know—perfect." Her glance darted from Kyle to me. If looks could kill, I'd have been a corpse.
"Not sure what you mean; my mother was the only one there." He shrugged. "Anyway, you told his agent Roberto you haven't seen Cruz since last night, but I've been asked to check on Cruz's Ferrari and the boat. Can I please have the keys? All the keys." He held her stare.
Her eyes mere slits, she opened her desk drawer, pulled out an envelope, and retrieved a set of keys on a chain. She handed everything to Kyle then slammed the drawer shut.
Kyle kept his cool. "Thanks." He turned to me. "Let's go, Mom."
Not sure why, but I felt proud of my son. He didn't raise his voice, yet there was a sense of confidence in his attitude, something I hadn't seen before. He reminded me of… Larry.
I wasn't looking forward to revisiting the aquatic dungeons below. Kyle headed in the opposite direction, still on the first floor. This corridor was well lit. He unlocked a door, and we entered a large storage area. It was divided into thirds by a chain-link fence. A dark, four-door sedan was parked in one of the spaces. Augusta's car? The area next to it looked empty at first, but at the very back in the larger space sat a black Ferrari, identifiable by the prancing horse on the hood. As for the car itself, it didn't look like any car I'd ever seen before. More like science fiction… time traveling into the future.
"Wow," slipped from my lips.
"Isn't it a beauty?" Kyle removed the padlock from the wire gate and went to look at the vehicle. I stayed outside the marked space. This Cruz seemed to find a way of annoying me even when he wasn't around. First the speedboat named Gemini, then the Ferrari.
No way I could forgive him for that stupid prank on Ponte Vecchio, not with all the reminders connecting him to it.
Kyle sat in the passenger seat and used one of the keys to open a few locked storage compartments. He reached over the rearview mirror, took down a pair of sunglasses, then put them back. He stretched his neck to look behind the seats. Finally he got out of the car shaking his head. "Doesn't look like he used the car at all since he got here. Well, let's see if he left by boat."
"You mean we have to go down into the stinky underground dock?" 
"You've been there?" He seemed surprised.
"Yeah, I didn't tell you? Cruz dragged me down there late in the evening, had me climb up on the bow—get this—to look at the moon. Some scoundrel showed up, and we got out of the place as fast as we could."
"What? Looking at the moon? Scoundrel? What are you talking about?"
I told him the short version while he locked everything back up and we headed for the damn boat dock. Again when he opened the door to the underground channel, the cold air knocked my breath away.
But unlike Cruz, Kyle turned on all the lights, and while the smell lingered, the place wasn't as claustrophobic. He climbed up on the boat. I entertained myself by walking to the end of the dock. There were lights behind some of the windows across the canal. Which one was the lace maker's room?
Apparently no clues to Cruz's absence were found on the boat, and we headed upstairs to the condo.
"Kyle, don't you have any luggage? How long are you staying?"
"We're heading to Venice in the morning, Cruz or no Cruz."
"We?"
"Yeah, I thought it would be fun. If the missing movie star shows up, we're scheduled to do the last retakes. If he doesn't, well, we can have lunch with Carolyn and Roberto. My stuff is in the car. I'll need a change of clothes, but I'm parked at the curb. Now that I have the key, let me check Cruz's bedroom and see if I come up with anything. I'll shave then we can go to my favorite trattoria. You're in for a treat. The best fish ever. They say Chioggia is well known for the daily catch. Restaurants from as far away as Bologna send their people here early in the morning to wait for the fishermen to arrive so they can get first pick. Okay, so let's get ready. Oh, wait. I’ll check the room and call Roberto. He's very concerned."
He unlocked Cruz's room and went in. I sat on my bed, trying to decide whether to change for dinner and sending mental thanks to the universe that my son hadn't asked me about Larry yet. I needed to process all of Larry's latest news on my own first.
He didn’t mention finding anything out of the ordinary in Cruz’s room and said so to Roberto.
The trattoria's owners recognized Kyle—not because of the movies but because he ate there often when staying in Chioggia. They went out of their way to gain the approval of the Italian mamma. I didn't have to pretend. The meal was superb and tasted homemade, the best kind there is.
The next morning I waited to hear Kyle moving around the condo before leaving my room. The poor kid slept in a very small room with a single bed, I assume he let me use his. I found him in the kitchen making coffee. "Buongiorno, Mamma. We'll need to hit the road soon, so we can have coffee then wait to eat until we get to Venice. But if you prefer, we can have Augusta send something up. There isn't much in the refrigerator. You decide."
"Coffee sounds perfect. Look at you, dressed like—" I stared at his Levi's, sneakers, and Polo Ralph Lauren Henley. Really?
"Like the wholesome kid next door," he finished my sentence.
"Yeah, now that you mention it."
"Have to, by contract. Feeding the perception Italians have of the nice young American boy. I feel like I'm back in high school, or maybe a prep school dropout. Good old Ralphie boy." He tugged at his shirt, shook his head, and poured the steaming coffee into our small cups.
"How are we getting to Venice?"
"We'll take my car. The studio has a reserved spot at Garage San Marco, and from there we go by the hotel water taxi. You better take everything you brought with you; we may not come back here."
"Oh." I had mixed feelings about that—part of me happy to get away from Cruz and Augusta, the other part lamenting the missed opportunity to fully reacquaint myself with this charming little town.
By nine thirty that morning we left the medieval Porta di Santa Maria behind and headed toward Venice. In a sense I was traveling the same road I had with Pia, only in reverse.
"What happens when we get to Venice?" In a few hours Larry will leave for the airport.
"I have to meet with Carolyn and Roberto at the Century Palace. Cruz keeps a suite there. We'll probably have breakfast or lunch and get an update. You know, I forgot to tell you. Since Cruz got caught with that woman coming out of the hotel, paparazzi hang around the place hoping to get lucky. You want to put on lipstick or something?"
"What, what? Cruz getting caught, paparazzi, lipstick? How about you tell me the whole story. We have time."
"My mom wants to hear about gossip." He snickered. "How about that? You need to understand that Cruz is a… nice fellow, but he is or can be… peculiar."
"You don't say."
"Why? Did he do something bizarre around you?"
Mental pictures of Cruz reveling in the moonlight on the floor of the condo flashed by. "Aside from the Ponte Vecchio experience, no, but I had the feeling he is a little… different."
"He has this thing about older women. He gets into torrid affairs with women twice his age."
Augusta? "And? I felt an and coming."
He laughed. "And a few months ago he got involved with a much older married woman, who happens to be the wife of a powerful man—the kind of powerful man you don't want mad at you. Cruz got caught walking the woman out the back entrance of the Century to a waiting speedboat at one a.m. Two paparazzi were at the hotel covering a public event. They went outside for a smoke. Well, you can imagine the rest—fist fights, boat chases. And all of it made the news by morning. I think that's one of the reasons the studio wants me to parade around as the good boy and all that jazz. You know, a balancing act. One more month and I'll be back in L.A. ready to set the town on fire."
I found myself laughing along with him. "Kyle, maybe that's why he isn't to be found. Maybe he is somewhere with this woman. No?"
"He better not be. If that's the case, he won't be around to see the premiere of the film. I'm not kidding, Mom—he is messing with the wrong crowd."
"Is that why you never talk about Pia? Because of the good-boy image in your contract?"
"Contract? Pia? What about Pia?"
"Isn't she your girlfriend?"
"Hell no. Whatever gave you that idea? Oh, you mean because she picked you up at the airport? She had to be up here anyhow, no biggie. I don't know what she told you, but no. I went out with her a few times, and it just didn't work out. She hangs around because she gets access to showbiz news before the rest of the crowd. That's all."
I didn't argue with him, but once again I concluded that my son was clueless when it came to relationships. Must take after his mother.


TEN

I squinted against the sunlight ricocheting off the water. The hotel water taxi, as Kyle called it, was a fancy speedboat, much fancier than Cruz's boat—in fact, fancier than any I'd seen before. I knew little about boats, but the upgrades here were obvious even to the uneducated. I sat on the leather-covered bench in awe. The hotel name was in gaudy gold letters, and the interior of the watercraft was garishly luxurious, with thick silk ropes, tassels, and plush cushions—almost as lavish as the vanity flotilla of Donald Trump I once saw on TV. I wasn't prepared for it, but I should have remembered Italians tended to do everything with a great deal of fanfare, regardless of wealth or culture.
My mother once told me of a neighbor who put a lien on her house to afford a fancy Nile cruise. Smoke and mirrors. Something forewarned me I was about to be swallowed by the smoke and mirrors lifestyle.
Kyle, his back to me, stood beside the boat's pilot he had introduced as Marco. Marco wore a uniform of some sort, navy blue with gold buttons galore. By their casual conversation, I assumed they'd made this trek together before—without the extra passenger, of course. We glided along the Grand Canal, passing ancient palaces with their Gothic facades and de rigueur lancet windows.
I had traveled Canal Grande many times, and sadly had to admit the priceless, ornate buildings had become little more than a blur over the years. The only one I always recognized was the Peggy Guggenheim Museum. It was blinding white, and always had been as far back as I could remember. The lone white palace on Canal Grande, unlike any on any other canal. The building itself was square, almost squat, as it rose only one modest story above the water. Yes, easy to spot.
The breeze whipped my hair over my face. I fidgeted with the light jacket. Damn, I should have packed better clothes.
Kyle turned to look at me. "Almost there, Mom. You enjoying yourself?"
I smiled and nodded. I wished it were possible to turn back the clock, before Larry's trip to Florida, before my jealousy crisis. I wished myself back home, in my cozy bathrobe, having my morning coffee and reading the Orange County Register while Flash nibbled at my ankle because I didn't feed her fast enough.
I braced myself for the landing at Century Palace. Mio Dio, even the name sounded gaudy. Stop being so judgmental.
With little fanfare, the speedboat reached the end of the canal and made a wide Uturn. I caught a glimpse of the one and only magnificent Piazza San Marco. Poof, gone. We headed back into the canal, and there, in its entire restored splendor, stood the hotel.
So much for my snarky thoughts—in spite of all my assumptions, the three-story palace had maintained its pristine original appearance. Its motor purring like a kitten, the water taxi approached the wide, planked landing that led to the hotel entrance.
"Mom, Marco doesn't think they'll be any paparazzi around. He agrees with my original plan; we go through the lobby instead of the service entry. That way our luggage will be stored until we decide what to do next. Let's go."
Kyle shook hands with Marco and in one quick hop was on the deck. He offered his hand and pulled me up beside him.
I ran my fingers through my hair to at least give myself the illusion of normalizing my appearance. Right!
The instant I crossed the threshold of the fifteen-foot-tall glass doors into the lobby, the first wave of surprises hit. The sparsely placed furniture was so ultracontemporary it clashed with my expectations. The chairs looked like wings of white birds in flight. I must stop judging. After all, the walls were pure Venetian plaster.
"Mr. York." A young man in a classic gray suit came from somewhere and greeted Kyle. They shook hands, and I was introduced to the hotel's formal concierge. He spoke in a very British kind of English and pointed us to the meeting room where we were expected.
"Let's go, Mom. I guess Carolyn and Roberto are waiting for us. Why the meeting room? Not good."
"Why? You don't like meetings or something?"
He smiled. "It's a reserved room, meaning other people are about to join us or may already be there. I have a bad feeling about this. Anyway, it's not a public room. Oh, damn."
I followed his glance. A couple headed our way. Their choice of threads cheered me up. Compared with what they wore, my clothes didn't feel so frumpy and inexpensive. Of course, youth was on their side.
"Mom, paparazzi." My son spoke softly, barely moving his lips.
I smoothed my hair with renewed fervor, but a glance into the ornate mirror on the wall told me the results were just as dim as before.
"Ciao, ragazzi." I loved to listen to Kyle's Italian—slow, singsong, so different from when he spoke English.
The two gave him a high-five. The skinny woman with straight brown hair held a camera, while the young man kept his hands in the pockets of his faded jeans. "Hey, Kyyyle, what's up, bro?" The boy seemed determined to sound like… I didn't know what. A rapper? "Where is your buddy, Cruz?" 
The girl smiled, her eyes on me.
"No idea where Cruz might be. My mom is visiting from California, and I'm showing her around Venice. Be gentle, guys. She just got off the plane." 
I did? He would show me around Venice?
Both paparazzi perked up at the mention of California, and turned their full attention on me. "You are Kyle's mamma?"
Damn, I had just about enough of that Kyle's mom nonsense.
"Certo, son la mamma, e sono Italiana. Ma che Italiana. Son Veneta. Okay?" My statement that not only was I his mother but also Italian and from the Veneto region left them speechless for about five seconds. They grew very animated, asked to take pictures of us, and wanted to know if I was a "showbiz mom." Really? Must have been a slow day for scandals. More high-fives then they finally headed toward the lobby.
"Why did you tell them I just got off the plane?" I asked Kyle.
"Don't know. I didn't want them to bug you, and you look sort of tired." He shrugged. "Maybe I shouldn't have dragged you all the way here."
We made it to what wasn't like any business meeting room I'd seen before. Tables and chairs, walls—everything looked so new and so ultra-modern I could swear it smelled of fresh paint and plastic. The funky, clear plastic chairs were probably out of some designer's showroom, but I couldn't tell the difference between them and the ones from IKEA at a fraction of the cost.
"Hello, hope you don't mind, I brought my mom. Mom, you know Carolyn, and that's Roberto, Cruz's agent. Yes." He laughed. "Only one name, like celebrities."
Carolyn, Kyle's agent, jumped to her feet and rushed to hug me. "Hey, Lella, welcome to Venice. How does it feel to be back home?" No trademark giant earrings today. Her hair looked shorter the last time I'd seen her. Now it flirted with the collar of her beige suit. Had it been that long since we'd seen each other? Her energy level was high, as it generally was.
"Hi, Carolyn. Honestly, I feel like an alien in this place. It's all so…"
"New?" Her laugh was just as grating as I remembered. "They are newly open, probably still road testing the joint. The place was a convent in a former life." More laughter. "But, hey, they aim to please." Yep, vintage Carolyn.
There was someone else in the room. A man. He sat across from Carolyn and could have been her opposite if there was such a thing. She was tall, slim, a loud, motor-mouthed bundle of energy, generally dressed in a unisex, unconventional way.
The short, pudgy man had not said a word or even smiled. He wore a dark double-breasted suit with a white shirt and what looked to be an expensive silk tie, most likely an expensive Italian tie. He offered his hand across the table. His fingers were stubby, his fingernails pale, reminiscent of an expensive French manicure.
"Mrs. York, what a pleasure." He pronounced the R's the way the French did, what in Italy we call r moscia.
When I was growing up my grandmother would assure me that only the wealthy could pronounce R in such a way because it meant they had traveled the world. Decades later, I still felt intimidated by people with that peculiar pronunciation.
"Well, what do you think of our Kyle finding his path to stardom here in your homeland? Isn't it exciting?" Carolyn sounded more charged up than usual. Maybe too much espresso.
I wouldn't have minded some espresso myself just about then. It was the second day in a row of eating breakfast at lunchtime.
A light knock at the door, then a hotel server wheeled in a teacart covered with all kinds of goodies, even a small vase with fresh flowers.
I looked at Kyle, puzzled.
He winked at me. "I called in advance—breakfast for four, didn't know more people might be joining us."
I sat next to my son, a seat away from Roberto. In spite of his mild manners and soft voice, there was something about Cruz's agent that made me uncomfortable, edgy. Maybe the emptiness in my stomach could be blamed for my anxiety.
I knew I was at least partially right when my attitude went from negative to positive the minute the server slid a steaming cappuccino in front of me. My messy hair and frumpy clothes were forgotten as I busied myself spreading butter and marmalade on my roll.
The munching and sipping of four mouths were the only noises in the room. It seemed we were all hungry.
The server left, and Roberto spoke first. "Kyle, thank you for ordering breakfast. We are waiting for De Bernardi."
Kyle shrugged, set his cup on the saucer, and looked at the man without much sympathy. "De Bernardi is coming here? Because of Cruz?"
Roberto nodded, stirred his coffee. Who was this De Bernardi?
The caffeine was kicking in, and I felt flushed. Damn. I slid two fingers between my shirt and my neck, trying to loosen the neckline. Not just flushed, I was on fire.
"Hot flashes?" Carolyn's voice startled me.
"Yes." I could barely breathe.
"Are you taking anything?" she asked.
I shook my head. Kyle was staring at me like I had announced I was about to give birth to triplets or something. "Kyle, relax. It's no biggie; it comes and goes. It's the coffee." I patted his hand.
The door flew open, and a small man with a full head of glossy black hair blew in like a hurricane. He paused, eyeing us, one at a time. His glance seemed to linger on me an instant longer, but it could have been my nervousness playing tricks. Behind him stood a gorgeous blonde. She stood a full head taller than the man I assumed to be De Bernardi. When he stepped toward our table, the blonde creature looked in our direction and smiled. Her well-defined lips shone beneath a rosy gloss.
I followed her gaze. My son appeared to be the intended recipient of her attention. The two had entered so quickly I hadn't even had the chance to swallow my previous bite of that marvelous Italian bread before De Bernardi walked up to the table and stopped, the four of us caught in his sights.
"Where is that son of a bitch?" His fist hit a spot on the table close to Roberto.
A telefonino rang. We all turned as the blonde by the door spoke softly into her cell. She exchanged a look with De Bernardi, turned, and left the room without closing the door.
I sent mental thanks it wasn't my phone that went off in the middle of all this high drama. That would have been so awkward. Who was there to call me anyway? Flash? Larry would be over the ocean right now, nowhere near Innsbruck and probably not bent on making phone calls.
The small, angry man hovered over our heads, perhaps enjoying the advantageous position of looking down on us. A few dark chest hairs played peek-a-boo from where the top two buttons of his light blue shirt were undone.
Really?
How long was he going to play thug? When he sat, he angled his chair so he could stare straight on at Roberto. He even stretched his neck to inch closer to the agent's face.
"Where the hell is he?" De Bernardi enunciated each syllable, the voice low yet threatening.
Kyle gripped the armrest of the plastic chair before sighing and leaning back. I tried to chew quietly to avoid attracting attention. The nervousness had sent my hot button into overdrive, and my blouse was soaked in perspiration.
"I don't know where he is." Roberto didn't sound intimidated in the least. "This is not reflecting well on my agency. He could be dying in a ditch beside some deserted road for all we know."
"His Ferrari is in Chioggia, and so is the boat. I checked," Kyle said.
"Good man." Coming from De Bernardi, that sounded like a high compliment.
"I also checked his room when I picked up my mom." He patted my arm. I guessed that was as close to a formal introduction as I was going to get. "While I couldn't tell much about what clothes might have been taken from his closet, his cell phone was definitely missing, along with the phone charger. Whatever he decided to do, he knew he would be gone long enough for his phone to need recharging. What I can't figure out is how he got out of Chioggia. This late in the season, taxis are hard to get. It may be worth checking into that."
Both De Bernardi and Roberto nodded.
"He has never, ever missed a media opportunity, good or bad. As long as his name comes first, he is always there." Roberto might have been the one with the most to lose, but he kept his cool. "You all know that."
De Bernardi's voice was strident. "What he did or didn't do doesn't matter. The whole crew is sitting around waiting for him to show up. Come morning, they'll have to go back to Rome. We have wasted enough time and money. I suggest you pray he is indeed in some ditch, because if he's out carousing as usual, every cent wasted due to his negligence and lack of responsibility comes out of his contract. Capito?"
Roberto met De Bernardi's hard stare but didn't answer.
Carolyn finally spoke. "You think he's shacked up somewhere with the forbidden apple?"
Forbidden apple? Were they quoting the Bible or something?
"We checked." Roberto seemed uneasy about the subject. "She is in Kenya on a safari with the husband."
"Oh, is that how it's done nowadays? No more accidental drowning?" De Bernardi seemed pleased with his comment, smug. "It's now accidental shootings while on safari instead?"
Dio Mio, was he serious? The silver spoon slipped from my hand and splash-landed in my cappuccino.
"He's kidding, Mom." Kyle poked my back. "Mr. D is only joking; he's funny that way." His gaze had settled on De Bernardi.
"You're the mom?" The unpleasant man turned on his charm, swirled in his chair, and offered me his handshake.
I accepted without looking at him.
The gorgeous blonde came back into the room, and she wasn't smiling. No need to; she had everyone's attention without uttering a word. Her high heels were the kind I call slutty, in a good way, and she actually wore a woman's suit, skirt and all. I was impressed. She propped her briefcase on the table next to De Bernardi and whispered something in his ear. He frowned.
The blonde stepped back and clicked something in her hand, and the abstract painting hanging on the wall slid away to reveal a widescreen TV. You could hear a snowflake land on Mars, such was the silence in the room. Two more clicks and a pleasant woman's face appeared on the screen. A reporter. She was interviewing another woman with heavy dark eye makeup. Before I could get the gist of things, headshots of Cruz and Kyle appeared. A general gasp circled the room as the raccoon-eyed lady lamented that Cruz had not shown up for the scheduled interview. She praised Kyle for his good nature and for taking the time to fill the gap.
"Bitch." From Carolyn's corner. "What happened to keeping her trap shut? We had a deal."
The interviewer pointed out what we already knew about the film crew from Rome and another no-show performance from Cruz. A commercial kicked in. The screen went blank, and the painting slid back into place.
"Grazie, Giada," De Bernardi said. "Kyle, ring your friend the reporter and see if she can spin this around. It's not good publicity. I'm on my way to Milan for a meeting with the bankers."
"Sure, Mr. D, I will, but I'm due back in L.A. the first week in November. That's why Carolyn is here. We sealed the deal." Was he going back to California for good?
Giada laid the remote next to the briefcase and came to our side of the table. Kyle stood and the two exchanged greetings, Italian style. When she kissed his cheek it wasn't lost on me how well their bodies fit together. That kind of perfection and familiarity doesn't happen serendipitously. It takes rehearsal. I didn't want to stare but couldn't seem to help myself.
She slid her chair closer to Kyle's, unbuttoned her jacket, and sat. I caught a whiff of her scent, clean yet intimate—baby powder and lavender?
Poor, poor Pia. She never stood a chance.
And once again I felt invisible.


ELEVEN

My lonely piece of luggage, a constant reminder of my impulsive foolishness, sat by the bed in my room at the Century Palace.
Kyle popped in using the door connecting our rooms. "Mom, you ready?"
"Well, I only have so many changes of clothes, so I'm as ready as can be. I wore an extra sweater under my jacket like you suggested. How far is this place?"
"It's only half a mile, right across the—ah, I was going to say across the street— across the canal. We're meeting Carolyn and the rest of the crew at the bar by the Mori, you know, the clock tower?"
"Of course I know the clock with the two Moors. Don't you remember when your dad and I brought you here? You were five years old and…"
He smiled. "Mom, if I was five, how can I remember? We really need to get going. It's not a restaurant. It's someone's house. Carolyn's friends have probably been cooking all day. Let's go."
To say I was surprised to hear Carolyn had friends in Venice was an understatement, but that was exactly where we were headed, to her friends' house for dinner. That awful De Bernardi should have left for Milan. And, according to Kyle, the gorgeous assistant was driving him to the airport. And here I was, crossing Piazza San Marco by moonlight.
All the windows under the arches were lit, and a somewhat smaller crowd strolled the square.
As many times as I'd visited Venice, I'd never stayed overnight. My hometown was only fifty miles away.
My son and I walked arm in arm. The pigeons must have been tucked in for the night, partly due to the hour, partly due to the season.
"Kyle, do you remember when we came? Piazza San Marco was flooded, and we had to walk on those wooden planks. You thought it was a fun game. We bought you that silly velvet jester hat with little bells. Your father and I thought the bells were brilliant. They kept you from catching any pigeons. You were determined to bring home a live one."
"I'll take your word for it, Mom, but honestly, I don't remember. What happened to the hat?"
"We forgot to pack it, and my mother gave it to a cousin for Carnevale." He didn't seem to remember much, so I added, "It's the Italian version of Mardi Gras." 
He laughed. "I know what Carnevale means. I even bought a mask."
"You did?"
"How can you come to Venice and leave without a mask?" He laughed again and nudged me toward a brightly lit bar, where Carolyn sat waiting for us at a table by the window.
So my son had just signed a contract for a movie to be filmed in the United States, a romantic comedy. He would be the "other man." That and Cruz's disappearance were the main topics of the evening. Carolyn's friends were American-born owners of a local restaurant popular among tourists, but the dinner was at their home. It was a mix of American and Italian food, a taste of local cuisine along with barbecue ribs—an interesting combination, probably requested by some of the guests. No one smoked. I was grateful for that.
"Is someone going to call the police to report Cruz missing?" I asked the group lingering around the table. I'd been told he was an orphan, which meant there was no family to make a missing person report.
"Roberto is the one with the vested interest." Carolyn didn't sound too concerned. "If he did make the call, where would he file? Is it like the States? Do you report where the person went missing from?"
"Carolyn, can we wrap up my last day and get out of here before the police get involved?" Kyle asked. "As far as we know, my mother was the last one to see Cruz, and honestly, I don't want her harassed about it."
Mio Dio, I never thought about that. How was it possible for the same perfect stranger to ruin my visit to Italy twice in a row? I wouldn't let him do it this time.
"Who is that awful De Bernardi man?" I asked.
Carolyn nodded as if she agreed he wasn't a likeable person. "He's the associate producer, handles the money. But he likes to act… hey, Lella, did you notice his assistant?" How could I not? "She has a thing for our kid here." Carolyn punched Kyle's arm, laughing that laugh of hers.
I expected my son to blush at her remark. He didn't, only shrugged. What happened to my sweet, modest Kyle? He seemed to take Giada's attention for granted. At a muffled ringtone, Kyle fished his phone from his pocket, glanced at it, excused himself, and left the table.
A chorus of, "Uh-oh, it's her," followed him until he disappeared into another room. Once Kyle left, the men at the table turned to me. "Well, Mamma, your little boy isn't coming back to your hotel tonight."
Did they really assume I was that unaware?
"What is she going to do when he flies home?" Carolyn didn't seem to be speaking to anyone in particular.
I asked her, "Do you think you and Kyle will be going back to California soon?" I needed to know.
"Lella, he's the one in a hurry. I'm perfectly fine in Italy, for now. Okay, maybe not perfectly fine, but I'm in no rush. Of course I didn't anticipate the problem with Cruz.
But yeah, I think your son is homesick."
Homesick? What was his definition of home these days?
As the dinner guests predicted, Kyle walked me back to the hotel but made it clear he was going right back out. I wanted so badly to ask about Giada without sounding like a snoop. "Kyle, was Mr. De Bernardi serious about an accidental shooting? Would the wronged husband kill her?"
"Mom, noooo. It's all good. Between Roberto and De Bernardi, they got the man's mistress a part in an upcoming movie. Everyone is happy."
"Wait. Wait. This is making my head spin. By 'man' do you mean the husband of, you know… Cruz's love interest?" I could see the marquee of the Century Palace, and still neither of us had mentioned Giada.
He stopped and turned to face me. "Okay, here's the way it worked out. Cruz was sleeping with Mrs. X. Mr. X found out and wasn't happy. Roberto and De Bernardi asked Mr. X what it would take for him to forgive and forget about the affair. He wanted his young mistress, an aspiring actress, to be in a major motion picture. And so everyone was… satisfied."
"You think or you know for sure? And this whole story is just wrong on so many levels. It's… immoral."
"No, it's Italian. Please, Mom, don't take it personally. But I found the degree of corruption in your country deeply disturbing. Probably because they've had more time to practice here."
Your country. Like I didn't know how things were done. It was as if he had disowned me. We walked the rest of the way in silence—painful silence, at least for me.
We took the elevator with the boring music up to our floor. He entered through my door and used the open connecting door to get to his room. Night service had come by to turn down the beds, and a white envelope rested on my pillow. I wasn't sure what to do about it. Was it for me, or had the maid confused the rooms? "Kyle, do you know anything about this envelope?"
He came back to my room, holding his cell. "What is it? Open it."
I did. It was from the hotel spa. Apparently I had a morning appointment for a massage and a facial. I smiled at Kyle. "Thanks. That's sweet, but…"
He glanced at the card. "This isn't from me." He spoke into his cell. "My mom found a gift card on… oh… okay… I'll let her know. Later, ciao."
He put his phone in his pocket and spread his arms. "Well, Mom, it's a peace offering from Mr. D. He felt he behaved badly in front of 'my mom,' so he set up an appointment for you to get pampered. I think it's terrific. Let me tell you how it works." He walked me into my fabulous bathroom, showed me the plush bathrobe and matching slippers embroidered with the hotel's logo. "These are yours to use. Put them on in the morning. When you get to the elevator, push the dedicated button that says SPA. You'll land in the luxurious lobby, where estheticians and masseuses are waiting for you. You'll be served juice and snacks, and they'll pamper you to the point you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. When they are done, they put you back into the elevator. You come straight up and back into your bedroom. So remember, wear the robe and slippers so you don't ruin your own clothes with the oils they use on you."
I was stunned. "How do you know so much about this… spa? And I feel funny taking something obviously extravagant from Mr. De Bernardi. How will I be able to repay him?"
He laughed out loud, clearly amused, and then he hugged me. "Mom, I went down there to talk to Giada a time or two when she was the one getting pampered. Since I was the only man, the… personnel were having fun keeping me from leaving, and… De Bernardi probably has no idea what he gave you. He tells the assistant to 'do something nice' for someone. I'll make sure Giada knows you appreciate her choice."
He finally mentioned Giada. I sighed. Mission accomplished. So why was I not feeling good about it?
"Okay, I'm taking off. Lock your door. I'll lock mine. Keep your cell phone on just in case. If I'm not back by spa time, don't you dare miss your appointment. A lot of women down there depend on your presence to get their paychecks. Don't tip them; I'll call in with a credit card and take care of it." He kissed my cheek and left.
I had no idea where he was headed. Did Giada have a room in the same hotel? And where was Larry? He should be arriving at Innsbruck by late morning. Would he call me? So far, most of my Italian vacation had been spent waiting for people to call me. Not just any people—people I loved.


TWELVE

The spa looked exactly as Kyle described it, staffed by a dozen young women, all soooo perky! I finally found the perfect fit for that strange adjective.
A welcoming chorus of "Kyle's mamma is here" had me wondering if my son really visited this place only when Giada was around.
Soon they had me wrapped in a warm blanket, naked and content in a cozy room that smelled of citrus and vanilla. They explained that first came the body massage and skin cleanser, then a delicious Italian brunch, manicure, pedicure, and last a facial. At that rate I'd be there all day, but I wasn't about to complain. I had no place to go, no people to see. I left my cell phone back in the room knowing that Larry wasn't due to arrive at Innsbruck for a few more hours. And Kyle? Well, Kyle could call the spa if he needed me.
By the time I relaxed in the special recliner for facials, I could have just closed my eyes and drifted away. Every inch of my body sang praises for De Bernardi and this heavenly spa. My skin felt soft and moist and smelled of lemon. With my eyes shut and my mind in a happy place, I let the esthetician's magic fingers work on my face. She even massaged my scalp. One could easily get addicted to this kind of luxury.
When I thought the pampering was over, she decided to put a little makeup on me. Mental pictures of Giada's glossed rosy lips crossed my mind, so I agreed. What did I have to lose but a few skin blemishes?
After she was done and had removed the bandana that kept my hair away from my face, she handed me a mirror to admire her work. Lucky for me, I was still sitting. Oh my God! I looked like a clown, a clown with raccoon eyes. I forced a smile and nodded, too upset to talk. All the ladies gathered around making, "oohs" and "aahs."
All I wanted to do was get the hell out of there, run back to my room, and scrub my face clean before someone else saw me—that as well as make sure I didn't miss Larry's phone call.
The staff escorted me to the elevator and gave me a cute little bag with skin products. I prayed there would be a good makeup remover among them, pushed the button, and up I went to my room floor, or so I assumed.
The elevator stopped at lobby level. Why? Obviously this wasn't a dedicated lift, as I originally thought. I backed into the farthest corner of the square cubicle and kept my eyes down as the door slid open. A familiar voice cheered me up.
"Basta, non ho niente da dire." Kyle talking in his musical Italian, telling someone to stop. Stop what?
I was so far back in the elevator he hadn't noticed me.
"Kyle…" I stepped behind him and touched his shoulder. "Kyle."
Surprise and—frustration?—sparred in his eyes when he turned to look at me. He pushed me back into the same corner while cameras clicked and people shouted. He frantically pressed the button to close the doors and finally succeeded. The elevator went straight up to our floor. Neither of us spoke.
I couldn't, too humiliated by the way he treated me. Nostrils flaring, he was past sulking.
When the lift came to a stop he said, "Wait. Stay put." He looked outside both ways then grabbed my hand, and we practically ran to our rooms. He opened my door first, and we rushed in.
What was going on?
"Damn, damn." He ran his fingers through his hair and went to close all the drapes.
I stood in the middle of the room in my robe and hotel slippers, feeling like the unwanted guest who showed up at the wedding reception dressed in her gym clothes. Kyle sat on the edge of the bed the maid had already made up, pulled what looked like a folded newspaper page from his pocket, and spread it out on the top cover. "We need to get out of here, now."
"What happened? You look… angry, very angry."
He pointed to the paper on the bed. "This happened. Take a look. Recognize anyone?"
I picked up what seemed to be the front page of some cheap magazine, not even in color. There was a dark photo, and the caption said, "Cruz's love nest exposed."
"Oh, they found him? Good. I guess now you can finish your movie, right?"
"Mom. Look at the photo." He spoke with the same tone of voice as when he picked me up at the airport after his father's accident, a mixture of sadness and defeat.
The poor-quality photo took up most of the page. It showed part of a boat and what looked to be a couple. The people were little more than dark silhouettes—a man lying on the bow and the back of a woman bent over, kissing him?
Mio Dio, the trespasser.
That evening on the boat, Cruz was right. The man took pictures. That was me elbowing Cruz to get him up from his state of moon contemplation, but from the angle the picture was taken and because of the poor lighting, one could assume I had other intentions.
No wonder my poor kid was upset. Maledizione. Damn Cruz. I read the byline. It claimed the paparazzi discovered where Cruz kept his lovers, in a condo in Chioggia, and he liked to have his moonlight trysts on his speedboat Gemelli. They labeled the woman "a mysterious lover." Thank God, no one would recognize me based on that photo.
"This is terrible. I'm so sorry, Kyle. You know this isn't really what happened? Well, at least they don't know it was me on that boat."
"That was yesterday. Today, like the song says, 'every-body knows your name.'" His face was void of emotion.
"Me? My name? How?"
"Augusta, the concierge. Reporters showed up at the palazzo. She got her face in the paper, even made the local news. She's telling a tale of the woman on the boat, the woman who had a wild evening with Cruz and spilled wine all over the rug. And she's saying that wicked woman was the last one to see Cruz. I'm afraid to turn on the TV, Mom, afraid what the Italian press is calling you. It was you the reporters downstairs wanted to talk to, not me. We're lucky security will keep them at bay, but we need to get out of here before the circus comes to town. I need to make some calls. Can't get hold of anyone, not even Pia. Where is everyone?"
From my night table came the "California Girls" jingle. I went to answer, but Kyle beat me to it. "Pronto. What? Who is this?" He looked at me, twice. "Larry? Oh, it's me, Kyle. No. No. Mom is—fine. Yes, she's here. I'm screening her calls because—oh, what the hell, here, I'll let her tell you. I just wish you had locked her—never mind.
Here." He handed me the cell and stormed into his own room.
"Hi, Larry." After my son's introduction I wasn't sure what to say. "Are you in
Europe yet? How was the flight?"
"Whoa! What was that all about? Your kid sounded pretty ticked off. What's going on?"
"Yes, I know. Long story. Cruz, that actor in the movie with Kyle, well, they can't find him. Supposedly I was the last one to see him. A trespasser took a picture of the two of us on the speedboat, and now the newspapers think I was doing… wait. Wait. Why are we talking about me? I asked if you are in Europe yet." Silence. "Larry?" "I'm in Innsbruck."
Something in his voice changed. It wasn't surprise or anger, not regret either, yet it was something I felt deep inside me, and it didn't feel good. A premonition, a shadow on my heart, that was what it felt like.
Curse Cruz and that lying concierge.
"I'm at the hotel. I'm meeting with the lawyer in forty-five minutes. Apparently there's more to it than Olivia said. She doesn't just have an expired passport. She has no passport at all, and she was arrested for something else. I want to give her a chance to explain before I pass judgment." Why did I feel like that last remark was directed at me? "I think Austria and Italy are on the same time, so I can call you when I get back. I'm thankful Bonnie found me a lawyer who speaks English. Look, I don't know what kind of trouble you've gotten yourself into, but I don't recall Kyle being so frustrated before. At least not with his mother. I'm here if you need to talk or if you need to get away from Venice. Unfortunately, I can't come to rescue you."
"Rescue me?" Blood rushed to my face. Sudden waves of perspiration made the layers of makeup itch. I was ready to scream. "What makes you think I need rescuing? I'll have you know…" I looked for tissues, anything to wipe my face. "Damn. Perspiration is running off me like snow melting in the sun. I need to get a towel, wait." Holding the cell, I walked to the bathroom, mad as hell, but not at Larry.
"Lella, are you having hot flashes?"
What? "Huh, sort of. Why do you ask?"
"I noticed changes in the last few months. I remember when my mother and a colleague went through menopause. Pretty intense. Why didn't you tell me?"
"Why should I tell you? What difference does it make? What? You'll kiss it all away?"
He laughed, that low, intimate laugh I loved so much. "It may not work, but I'm willing to try, kiss you all over, as long as it takes."
And just like that, I felt better. I sat on the edge of the bathtub, wiped the sticky mess off my skin, and listened to Larry breathe. "Truce?" I asked.
"Truce. But I want to hear this story about the speedboat. I thought you didn't like boats in general."
"I hate them. We weren't really on the boat. It was just on top of the bow. It's not what you think. Go. Talk to the lawyer. See your daughter then call me back. Maybe by then Cruz will have shown up, and Kyle's mood will have improved."
I hung up and went back to the bedroom at the same time Kyle did. He looked more preoccupied than before, and it was my fault. I felt terrible.
"How is Larry?" he asked.
"Fine, I think. He just landed in Innsbruck."
He looked at me, seeming a little puzzled. "Innsbruck, Austria? Is he a skier or something?"
"No. He's here to escort his daughter home." I wasn't going to say more. Kyle had enough on his plate without adding other people's problems to the pot. "Were you able to talk to Pia?" I tried to make small talk.
He stared at me for what seemed like forever. "Mom, you know what? I just realized you have a knack for making people disappear."
"Excuse me?"
"Yeah, first it was your friend Ruby in what seems like a lifetime ago. And now, you arrive in Italy on a whim, and within forty-eight hours of landing on Italian soil, two people you never met before have also disappeared."
"What are you talking about?"
"Let's analyze this." My God, he was serious. "You meet Cruz late one evening, and no one has seen him since. Pia Bartolomei also cannot be found, and you were the last to see her."
"Whoa, that is so unfair. First, you don't know for sure I was the last one to see either one. For all we know, they could be in Las Vegas right this minute, getting married."
He shook his head and rolled his eyes. He wasn't buying it. If my own son could think that for a minute, what would the outsiders and the media make of these… coincidences?
"Roberto is filing a missing person report with the Chioggia police department, or whatever the hell they call it in this country. You'll probably need to go there and be interviewed."
"About what?" If his intention was to make me nervous, he succeeded.
"Mother… you were the last one to see Cruz, and by now I'm sure there are many stories floating around. One of the gossip sites labeled you the Black Widow." 
I looked at him. He wasn't smiling.


THIRTEEN

"Don't leave your room. Don't open the door for anyone, and only talk to Larry." He stayed put until my dinner was delivered. Not taking any chances. "Please, Mom, it's very important. It's for your own protection."
And with that Kyle left for the evening, something about Giada possibly returning to Rome the next day. I should have been thankful. Instead I became resentful. I came all the way to Italy for this? Maledizione.
Shouldn't blame my son. The poor kid ended up babysitting his own mother. I had to admit that Pia's disappearance puzzled me. Then again, maybe she decided she didn't want to talk to Kyle. What did I know about their relationship? Her behavior when we met led me to assume she was seriously invested in a future with him. Maybe I was the one who knew nothing about young people's affairs of the heart.
Young people? Why limit my shortcomings? I failed in so many ways, on so many levels. All the suspicions and accusations against Larry. Now I found myself as the accused. What was it they called it? Poetic justice? Poetic or not, I didn't like it.
Night descended on Venice, and the irony of the situation wasn't lost. I came here to get away from Larry. Larry was now on European soil. If I so decided, I could get in a car and join him. I would love to be able to jump in Kyle's Ford and drive to Innsbruck— except I was stuck in this strange hotel room with no one to talk to and nothing to do unless I wanted to watch Italian television. Plus, I wouldn't drive on Italian roads.
Black Widow? Kyle said one of the Italian gossip sites labeled me the Black Widow. Why this trend of labeling people? Well, nothing new about that, people have always done it and perhaps with good intentions. Or not.
I remembered visiting my mother in the summer of 1991, and all she could talk about was the Dama Bianca, who was in a coma. Turns out this White Lady, as she was labeled, had been the mistress and later the wife by Mexican marriage of a famous Italian athlete, Fausto Coppi. Coppi was a professional road-racing cyclist, sort of the Lance Armstrong of the fifties, minus the drugs allegations but plus the adulterous relationship. Mother cried a lot while telling me their love story. The perfect tale of star-crossed lovers. I asked her why she was called White Lady, and all my mother could come up with was that the woman was once photographed wearing a white coat. That's it? That's how you label someone for life? Based on what they wear one time?
What was I wearing the evening we went to look at Cruz's speedboat? Nothing black and nothing white. That I knew for sure. Damn, now I understood. They meant Black Widow as in the spider because the females of the species devoured the male after copulation. Oh, no. What have I gotten myself into?
Poor Kyle must be so embarrassed. And it's all my fault. I should have stayed in California. Spoken to Larry. I sat on the bed in full self-pity mode when my cell rang.
What now?
"Hello?" No, no, say pronto. Damn.
"Lella, are you okay? I can barely hear you."
"Oh, Larry, Kyle told me not to talk to anyone except you, and I didn't know, I was trying to sound… different."
"Well, you succeeded." I sensed he wanted to cheer me up, while he sounded pretty down himself.
"What's happening?" We spoke at the same time.
"You go first," I told him.
"I wish I had something uplifting to report, but—oh, Lella, my Olivia, I didn't even recognize her." He stopped talking. I sensed he was struggling with emotions raging inside.
"Larry, don't take it so hard, you haven't seen each other in two years. And she is so young. Young people seem to blossom in strange ways when parents aren't around." Only ten months for my son, and look at the changes.
"It's not only her appearance, although she looks sick, it's her… attitude. All this time I lived with sunny images of my daughter traveling through Europe with her classmate, learning about cultures and people. Instead she has been surviving on the edge of normal life with some man whose name she won't tell me. She was caught shoplifting. Shop-lifting, my little girl." Was he crying? Oh my God, for the first time ever the man I loved, the man who had been there for me every step of the way for the last two years, needed me, and I was sitting in this luxurious prison under orders to stay in the room. It was my turn to be there for him and tell him everything would be okay. Damn. I was going to get myself to Innsbruck. I didn't care what Kyle thought.
"Is she with you? Will you be able to get her back to the States?"
"No, she is at the infirmary of this place where they keep people waiting to go to court. The lawyer's working on getting her a new passport. He thinks we can pay a fine, and they'll release her with the stipulation she must leave the country and never come back."
"She's probably thrilled to do that, isn't she? Going back to California, to be with her family?"
"That's what I thought, but that's not the case. The passport and getting her out of there, that part she likes. Going back to the States? No. She expects me to keep sending her money every time she calls with her little sweet voice and another well-rehearsed story. It isn't going to happen. Oh, damn, I didn't mean to unload my problems on you.
Tell me about your day."
"Have you had dinner?"
"What?" The surprise in his voice was real.
"Larry, for you to understand what's happening now, I need to start from when I first arrived in Venice. That's going to take a while, so it would be better if you had some food in your stomach. I'm sure you also have jet lag."
"Lella, Lella, I miss you. I feel better already. Yes, I had some food. So tell me. I can't wait to hear what you got yourself into this time. Where is Kyle?"
"My son is spending the night with a young woman named Giada who happens to be the personal assistant… no, no… I need to start from the beginning."
"Go ahead. I'm resting comfortably on this unusual bed. Sure is different than our beds. No sheets or blankets but this—plump duvet? The cover is like a sheet, and I'm told it's filled with feathers. I sound pretty boring, don't I?"
"You are many things. Boring isn't one of them." I relished the silence we shared, picturing the fluffy duvet sheltering our entwined bodies. A heat wave hit me, but this time it wasn't a hot flash. I told him about Pia and Cruz, about the stranger taking pictures and the astrologer on the Ponte Vecchio, and on and on until I felt exhausted but at peace. 
"What can I say? Lella, don't get mad, but Kyle is right. People around you tend to disappear. I find the coincidence plausible because I know you well. However, if I were an Italian man of the law, I would look at you suspiciously. Don't these two people have families? Isn't anyone reporting them missing? If indeed you were the last one to see them both, some detective should be knocking at your door right now and asking you a lot of questions."
I thought about the first time Larry and I met. He was the detective who knocked at my door and asked me a lot of questions.
"Well, thanks a lot for your cheerful outlook. Now I'm not going to be able to sleep. Fortunately, no one knows where to find me. At least I hope they don't. And Kyle said the hotel has a good security staff in place."
"Lella, again, Italian law may be different, but if a detective wants to talk to you, the hotel security isn't going to stop him. I need to take care of Olivia then get myself down to Venice."
I smiled. "You don't even speak Italian. Except for the few bad words you hear me say when I'm mad."
"Wait, California is nine hours behind Austria, right? I'm going to make some calls. Look how well Bonnie's intervention helped with finding the perfect lawyer. You never know. I have a cell phone, and the ring tone is pretty loud."
"Mine plays 'California Girls' when it rings. Kyle's sense of humor. How about yours?"
"Ring, ring. Old-people phone," he joked.
On that note, we said good night. But I couldn't sleep. While I knew very well it would be a stupid move, I really wanted to jump into a car and drive to Innsbruck. So, what's one more bad decision?
I turned on the television, remembering the news in Italy came on late in the evening. I wasn't familiar with any of the channels. There might have been a program schedule somewhere in the room, but I didn't feel like getting out of bed. I started to click randomly. Lots of musical shows, old American movies… then I recognized the woman on TV from during the morning meeting. She mentioned Kyle York, and there was my gorgeous kid, smiling in one of his file photos. What was she saying? Oh, damn, a front view of the Century Palace, whoever the cameraman was, he or she was following my son, I recognized him from the back, they seem to jog, yes, inside the lobby. Oh my God! It was a video from that morning. There was Kyle arguing with the reporters, the elevator's door opening.
Noooo.
That was me in my bathrobe with the oily hair stuck to my scalp, but wait—my face didn't look so bad. I had the look of a deer caught in the headlights, but all that makeup didn't look half bad. I certainly looked younger. What was I thinking? About how good I looked? I hadn't heard what they were saying. Maybe I could get it on another channel. I resumed clicking fast and furious but finally gave up and went to sleep. Or tried to.


FOURTEEN

"Mom."
The voice sounded far away, but the hand shaking me was firmly planted on my shoulder.
"Kyle?" I fought to keep my eyelids open. "What's happening? What time is it?"
"Seven a.m." He was fully dressed. "We have a long day ahead. I need you to get up and come look at something."
Maledizione, what? She kicked him out of bed?
I dragged myself to the bathroom. Some things couldn't wait. Thank God he didn't run around opening drapes and windows… what was with this kid of mine? I didn't remember him being an early riser. And I certainly never was a morning person. By the time I made it to his room, he was pointing to a laptop on the desk.
"Come, take a look."
Must be that thing I watched last night on TV, me in my robe and makeup… poor Kyle.
I was wrong. The screen displayed several women's suits, like a catalogue. He wakes me up at seven a.m. to show me women's clothes? "What? Are you a closet crosser…"
His eyes got so big I thought they would come out of their sockets. "Cross dresser?"
"Yes, that."
He erupted in laughter while trying to talk. "Oh, too funny. Cross dresser—my mother thinks I'm a closet cross dresser. I have to remember to tell Giada, ah, ah." He wiped tears from too much laughing. Maybe he would go tell Giada in person right now, and I could go back to sleep.
There was a light knock at the door. He quickly ran his fingers through his hair and over his cheeks, motioned me to stay put, and went to open his bedroom door. He spoke to someone then came back holding a large tray with coffee and a lot more. Good boy.
I headed straight to the table where he set the tray.
"No, no, Mom, we have to take care of business first. Which one of these suits do you like?"
"Suit? Like? Like for what?"
"To wear, of course."
"Kyle, it's so sweet of you, but I don't need any clothes, honestly. All I want is to get out of here, out of your hair, and get myself to Innsbruck. Maybe I can catch a flight from Marco Polo, no?" I gave him my sweetest, most innocent look.
He shook his head. "Late yesterday afternoon Roberto reported Cruz missing to the authorities. We expect they'll want to talk to you. So you have to volunteer to be interviewed. It shows good intent. De Bernardi and crew are in full containment mode. You need to be dressed for the part."
"Part? What part? I'm not some puppet—"
"You want to go to Innsbruck? Follow directions, and you'll be on your way in no time. By the way, did you bring both passports?" He was all business.
What kind of Kool-Aid did my kid drink in my homeland? Did he read the disapproval in my eyes? His attitude changed. "Giada is waiting for you to pick the suit. Please, Mom, we don't have much time." 
I rolled my eyes. "Giada? Where?"
"She has access to clothing from companies the studio uses. Sit and scan, then decide. What size do you wear?"
"Italian size?" I sat and looked. "I don't know. I never buy clothes in Italy—for one thing, they don't have 'petite,' so it's only shoes and handbags. But American size is six petite." Since I wasn't going to pay for the suit and none of the outfits had a price tag, I decided to go with the flow, like we say in America. I paid close attention to each suit. I could hear Kyle fiddling with the coffee cups. Good. Teamwork. Who was kidding whom?
"What do you think about this one?"
He brought me some coffee when he came to check out my choice. I pointed to a dark teal skirt and fitted jacket. I figured if I got to keep it, the suit would be a great addition to my wardrobe.
"Yes, that would work," he said. "What about shoes? We were thinking a small heel so you look sophisticated without trying to be sexy. Mom, stop rolling your eyes already, you're supposed to be this wonderful, strong woman who did such a good job raising your only son in spite of being a widow."
Kyle was in his twenties when his father died.
"People don't need to know when dad died." Did he read my mind? "Or that I'm not such a good son because I hardly visit unless I happen to be passing by your house on my way to somewhere else. No, no, Mom, no crying. You need to look calm and serene, not a worry in the world. No red eyes. So, what size shoes?"
I couldn't talk, too choked up. I blew my nose. My son hadn't changed. He was simply in hiding… thank you, God. I managed to say, "Six and a half, medium width. But Kyle, Italian shoes don't have the medium width. I always have to buy size thirty-seven, and that's really too big because I have small feet, but—"
"Mom, your feet are perfect. Relax. You're not running a marathon. Let me call Giada and place the order." He walked away smiling.
All that sniffling plugged my nose, and I made slurping sounds while drinking my coffee. Might as well see what else was on that tray. All this before eight a.m. Whatever happened to the famed Italian dolce vita? Another busted myth, like the one about the sanctity of holy matrimony? I could hear Kyle talking and laughing on the phone. Must have been Giada at the other end.
"We are all set," he said when he came back. "Here is the plan. Giada is bringing the clothes. Roberto has a press conference scheduled here at the hotel. The studio went all out and rented the big fancy party room. They're providing free food and drinks to the reporters, so you know they'll all show up. Giada will text me when they're serving, and Roberto will start taking questions so we can sneak out through the service elevator. There'll be a boat waiting to take us to Sottomarina, and from—"
"Sottomarina? We are going all the way there by boat? And why Sottomarina? It's across the bridge from Chioggia."
"Precisely, that's where the new Sede dei Carabinieri is. Carolyn is meeting us at the lawyer's office, then from—"
"Whoa. Wait. Police station? Lawyer? What's going on?"
"Mom, the studio set this up, sort of preempting the next move. You'll be interviewed by the local authorities before they even consider calling you up. The lawyer is on retainer, and the studio wants to make sure my reputation and, of course, yours remains spotless. Look, a lot of planning went into this to make our life easier. So smile, and don't forget to thank Giada when she arrives with her staff."
"Her what?"
He checked his watch. "If you want to shower or wash up, you better get going. I'll let you know when they are on their way up."
And with that, he dismissed me and never told me a thing about her staff.
I sat in the bathtub, stewing. If God were out to teach me a lesson, well, mission accomplished. I remembered getting on that flight to Venice thinking I was going to teach Larry a lesson. Poor Larry, how were things going with his daughter? Was he getting bossed around like I was? What time was it? I left my watch and my phone in the bedroom, but it was probably time to get out of the tub and prepare myself to face the music, or, as Kyle called it, Giada and her staff.
She arrived wearing a gorgeous dark green outfit, long pants and matching coat. This was the first time I had a chance to see Giada up close. Her eyes matched the shade of her outfit. I fought the urge to ask if she wore colored lenses. Eyes like hers were the kind I'd read about in romance novels but had never encountered in real life.
She was very professional, so professional I asked myself if my son spent the night with her or someone else. No longing glances were exchanged, no lingering handshakes. Maybe they decided to try to fool me. Both the skirt and the sleeves of my suit needed shortening. No problem. One of the two women Giada brought with her happened to be a seamstress with the necessary tools of the trade. I tried on two pairs of shoes. One pair fit comfortably. The shirt to be worn under the jacket was a pale blue knit top.
To everyone's consternation, I said no to pantyhose. I had stopped wearing them twenty years ago. Kyle should have remembered that. The second woman on the staff did my makeup and hair. She should have applied for a manager job at the hotel spa. I looked better than I had in a very long time. Had she used products tailored specifically for the trade? Could they be purchased over the counter? Then again, maybe it had more to do with her talent than all the concoctions.
I didn't know what all this would accomplish, but I loved the results and wasn't going to offer to return a thing unless forced to. The suit looked and felt expensive. It could have been custom-made by the way it fit my body, not too snug here or too loose there. And Kyle said Giada had connections with the apparel manufacturers. Good to know.
Too bad I hadn't brought some of my good jewelry. My string of pearls would have been perfect. All I could think about was parading in the new outfit when I met up with Larry. Some things never grow old. Well, on a low note, I had to use my own purse.
By eleven fifteen, the two staff members headed for the elevator. Giada lingered. I thanked her and excused myself. I closed the adjoining door behind me. As far as I was concerned, the young lady got my vote. And it didn't hurt that her English was better than mine.
Damn. No word from Larry yet. I wasn't sure if I would be able to answer my cell once we hit the road or, in this case, the water.
Kyle knocked and came in. "Okay, Mom, we will be leaving soon. Make sure you take your US passport. I know you are proud to let everyone know you have dual citizenship, but this one time you should forget about it. I doubt you'll be asked because it's not common, but just in case. Leave your Italian passport here, and if the cops want to see identification, you hand them your US one. Okay? Once I get the text we'll have to move fast. You may want to take some flat shoes to wear on the boat. They'll have blankets if it's breezy. How are you feeling?"
"I feel stupid. I have no clue what's going on. Will we be coming back here? When can I go to Innsbruck?"
He came over and hugged me. His phone buzzed.
* * *

We boarded a generic-looking speedboat. I wasn't surprised to see Marco at the wheel. The watercraft moved away slowly, probably to avoid unwanted attention. Kyle had me sit inside at the back of the cabin.
The minute we were outside the Grand Canal and approaching open water, we picked up speed. Kyle was up front chatting with Marco. They laughed and talked about some Italian singer arrested for peeing in public. Really? This is my old country? Forty-five minutes later we approached Sottomarina. I changed back to the new shoes and pulled out my mirror to check my makeup.
Showtime.


FIFTEEN

As we approached the landing at Sottomarina, I saw Carolyn leaning her tall, thin frame against a black car just yards from where we would be disembarking. If she recognized the boat, she didn't acknowledge it. No waving, no smiling.
After thanking Marco and stepping out onto dry land, Kyle and I walked up to her. She looked us over and nodded approvingly.
"We're stopping by the lawyer's office." She opened the back door of the car.
I got in first. She sat next to me. After a brief hesitation, Kyle went to sit in the front next to the driver. The older man with thinning hair and a thick mustache mumbled some apology about not getting out of the car to open doors—l'Americana not allowing him to leave his driver's seat.
Carolyn shrugged. "Damn. You Italians have so many different branches of the law, it's like a different unit for every crime. Anyway, let's see what this lawyer has to say."
"Did you drive here from Venice?" I asked.
"Yes, I'm all packed. I'm going from here to the airport and back to the States. Had about enough of this Italian vacation." What happened to liking it just fine? She pronounced the word vacation as if it left a bad taste in her mouth. I felt about the same way, except I volunteered for my vacation.
"Hey, Kyle, Cruz's story is making the rounds. We're getting calls. Something big. My new assistant Max is supposed to keep me posted. Really big, with Italian connections." She cracked a smile at the last sentence. "All this BS about Cruz's disappearance is doing wonders for your career." She poked Kyle's shoulder.
He shrugged. "Maybe so, but I'd rather we didn't discuss my career at the moment, and especially not in front of the authorities. They'll think my mom is part of a conspiracy to make me famous." Was he being funny?
We left the speedboat docked at the narrow end of Sottomarina, the port of Chioggia clearly visible in the distance. Here the seawater reflected more blue than green, and while the town was likely to be packed during the summer months, I saw very few pedestrians around. Chioggia was like a page torn from history, while Sottomarina had modern hotels, wide streets, and lots of tourist kiosks now closed for the winter. It also had a lungomare, a promenade the whole length of the peninsula. The sun had been shining when we left Venezia, but now the sky wore many shades of gray.
Apparently the driver knew where to go. He left Lungomare Adriatico, entered a narrow street with older, well-kept buildings, and before long parked the car in front of a two-story structure. Big trees framed the path littered by the fallen leaves. A young lady appeared by the front door and motioned us to come in. The crunching of dead foliage under my new shoes felt very unfamiliar, and for no logical reason, sadness cloaked my soul.
The lawyer was a she. Signorina Nardi looked to be in her mid-thirties. She had a pleasant face and an annoying habit of never standing still. She spoke while pacing, sounding well rehearsed, probably on De Bernardi's payroll. She suggested Carolyn wait in her office until we came back.
Carolyn wouldn't have any of it. She intended to go with us even if she had to wait in the car. Kyle insisted I give my passport to the lawyer, so I handed her the American one as planned.
We left in the same car we arrived in and followed the lawyer's vehicle back to Lungomare Adriatico and to the Carabinieri's headquarters, which sat across from a beautiful and empty sandy beach. No kidding, better than a private villa. Lucky cops.
Maybe Italian policemen also had siesta time, because only two dark blue vehicles sat in the spacious parking lot. And just so there wasn't any confusion, right below the red stripe on each car it clearly said CARABINIERI and 112, the official number to call in case of emergency throughout most of Europe.
I had never set foot inside a Carabinieri's office, station, or whatever it was called. And I had no idea what the difference was between Carabinieri and polizia. Thank God we had a lawyer to guide us through all that.
Carolyn sat in the car pouting and clicking away on her cell phone. This time the driver got out to stretch. Our lawyer explained this was the office that took the report regarding Cruz's disappearance, only she didn't call him Cruz. She referred to him as Manuel De La Cruz, and in her pleasant voice it sounded like the beginning of a fairy tale.
While she talked, the possibility dawned on me that Cruz could have been taken against his will, or maybe have been involved in a car accident, anything. And there weren't any loved ones to miss him, only people who profited from his success.
How sad. I slipped my arm under Kyle's. He seemed a little surprised but didn't say a word. The three of us walked in, me in my lovely new suit, the lawyer looking eager to talk to someone. And my son? Well, he scanned the room, and within thirty seconds, a few female employees began to stir in their chairs and whisper into their phones. The power of show business at work?
We had been expected and were quickly ushered into an office.
Short and sweet would best describe the meeting. I recounted the whole event of my evening with Cruz, including the despicable incident by the boat. Again, I had to humiliate myself by admitting how seriously I had taken the encounter with the so-called astrologer on Ponte Vecchio. The young comandante suppressed a smile while pointing out what a good movie Zodiac was. My stern stare didn't make a dent in his enthusiasm.
The lawyer explained I was here for a brief vacation with my son and asked if it was okay for me to travel to other locations while maintaining my room at the Century. She pulled out my passport as an offering of good faith.
Again the comandante smiled and shook his head emphatically. "No, no. No need." As long as I didn't leave the country. He emphasized this was completely voluntary, that no one was accusing me of anything. Evidently the lawyer was also welcome to hold on to the passport, as he never mentioned she should give it back to me. Smooth, real smooth.
We headed back to the lobby area. Two of the female employees ambushed Kyle by the exit and asked for his autograph. The comandante remembered an important question he wanted to ask the lawyer, so I walked out alone.
The car was still at the same spot. The doors were closed. I couldn't see the driver, but I saw Carolyn. She had stepped away from the vehicle and was walking toward a group of women dressed in black. I couldn't tell if the women were young or old. They wore loose clothing and had shawls wrapped over their shoulders. Their heads were covered by heavy lace veils, the kind my grandmother used to wear to church or to the cemetery. Maybe there was a funeral home nearby. I turned, hoping to see Kyle or the lawyer coming from the building. Something about the scene gave me goose bumps. For no reason images of Hitchcock's The Birds flashed through my mind.
I quickened my pace to reach Carolyn. Some of the women turned and must have noticed me. I watched them huddle and talk. Then they chanted, "Assassina, assassina."
I looked around. Who were they calling murderess? Oh, mio Dio, it was me. I had to get out of there, better get in the car.
"Carolyn, where is the driver?" I grabbed her arm and hurried toward the vehicle. Glancing sideways, I saw one of the women take aim and throw something. I hunched down, but kept on moving. The rock grazed Carolyn's cheek.
Commotion erupted from the Carabinieri's building. Several men in uniform ran out and dispersed the women. It was insane, like a choreographed soap opera. The dark silhouettes scattered in different directions. Shawls fluttered in the autumn air. One veil fell, exposing a silver-haired chubby woman. She ran faster than the rest while managing to dart me a hateful glance.
Mio Dio. Augusta, the concierge.
"Carolyn, let me see your face." I shook, but at least I wasn't hurt.
"Hell no. Let's get the fuck out of here. Now. Where is…?"
The driver hurried from the main road, ditching a cigarette. Both the lawyer and Kyle rushed from the building.
"What just happened?" Kyle asked.
One of the young Carabinieri walked over. "I'm so sorry, we've had demonstrations before but always peaceful. Excuse me, ma'am." He tried to approach Carolyn, but she was so angry she wouldn't let him look at her cheek. She went to the car, got in, and slammed the door shut. The driver bowed a few times, mumbled a bunch of nonsense that might have been an apology, and took his place behind the wheel. 
"It was Augusta." I kept my eyes on Kyle while I spoke.
"Mom."
"Don't Mom me. It was her. I'm sure. Carolyn needs to file a complaint. I'll tell her."
"Good luck with that. All Carolyn wants is to get out of Italy. She isn't going to file anything. Get real."
I looked toward the car. Carolyn turned her head away, ignoring us.
Kyle shrugged with an I-told-you-so attitude. He shook hands with both the lawyer and the cop, promised to call, then walked around to get into the passenger's side. The only thing left for me to do was follow his example. Incensed, I got in beside Carolyn, and we drove off.
We found a small caffe close to the dock where we had left Marco and the boat. The driver wasn't hungry. He waited for his espresso then picked up a newspaper from a nearby table and sat in a quiet corner waiting for us.
Emotions were off the charts.
How could Augusta possibly know we would be at the Carabinieri? Someone must have tipped her off. That whole parade of scarecrows in Sunday's lace was no coincidence.
Carolyn was mad at Italy in general and anything related to Cruz in particular.
She insisted Kyle must get out of there ASAP. The only good news? A script was on its way to her California office, and she said it was from a world-class director with a famous Italian last name.
All Kyle did was drink his cappuccino and fume.
"Can you get hold of Larry?" he asked me.
"Uh, I—he is supposed to call me." I felt the heat of blood rushing to my face. Between the cappuccino and the embarrassment, I was on fire. I might well go down in history as the first woman to succumb to hot flashes.
"Larry, as in the rich, retired detective from Orange County?" Damn Carolyn.
At least she didn't add, "The one you are sleeping with?"
"Yes, Larry Devin," I said politely. "He is in Austria, visiting his daughter." 
"He has a daughter? Is that why you're here? You're following him?"
"Following him? No, I was… oh, forget it." Add frustration to anger and hot flashes.
"Mom, I can drive you as far as Trento. It's halfway between here and Innsbruck. Ask Larry to meet us there. You can go to Austria with him, and I can be back here in time for late supper."
"No, you can't do that," Carolyn said. "You have a phone conference with De Bernardi in about two hours. I told him he better find a solution to the missing scenes, because you're done here."
Kyle went to pay the bill without saying a word. He motioned to the driver. It was time to get going. Ten minutes later we said our goodbyes to Carolyn, boarded the speedboat and headed back to Venice.


SIXTEEN

Cher’s "If I could turn back time” played in my head. She and I were of like minds.
We made it to our hotel rooms unnoticed. Kyle had gone straight through to his room, closed the adjoining door, and I hadn't seen him since. The gray skies we found in Sottomarina followed us, and now a steady rain fell on the city.
Venice, so romantic. But if one were stuck alone in a room and didn't want to be there at all, much less alone, it didn't matter how luxurious the hotel was or what city it was in. There was nothing romantic about it. I let the Venetian rain do my crying for me.
I had been lying on the bed with the drapes drawn wide to embed in my memory the soft thumping of drops hitting the lancet windows. The image might come in handy once I returned to Southern California where, according to the song, it never rains.
Larry hadn't called, and that didn't improve my melancholic mood. I wanted to go home.
A slight knock on the common door. Kyle came in; he looked tired. Had he been sleeping?
He sat on the edge of my bed. "Oh, what a mess." Long sigh.
"What now?" My mind rushed to Larry and his silence. Had something bad happened he didn't want me to know about?
"Roberto? Cruz's agent?" He glanced at me to confirm I remembered.
I nodded.
Kyle went on. "He had a meltdown in front of the gathered Italian press. Damn." He rubbed his fisted hand.
"Roberto? The mellow don't-talk-don't-smile-don't-get-upset Roberto?"
He nodded. "One of the reporters asked him a direct question. Giada said Roberto took a long sip of water and seemed to reflect on the question while he surveyed the audience. By then everyone had gone quiet, waiting. Without a word, he turned and ran out of the room. Giada thought he was crying. When people realized what had happened, he couldn't be found. The concierge thought he left by boat but couldn't say for sure. Is that bizarre or what?"
"What was the question?"
"What would happen to the film if Cruz isn't found alive?"
"Damn!"
"Mom." He smiled. "Are you cussing about my film?"
"No, I'm cussing about life's unpredictability. Like you, at first I assumed Cruz ran off with some female companion, but no more. I feel it in my bones. Something bad has happened."
"What you feel in your bones is the humidity of this place." He laid his hand on my arm. "Let's order some dinner, an extravagant meal since we aren't paying for it."
"You're eating in?"
"Giada is busy." His sigh said more than any words could.
He really liked her. I liked her too, and it had nothing to do with the lovely suit I was still wearing.
He went to get the room service menus, closed the drapes, and turned on all the lights, and we began the difficult task of ordering a meal from a plethora of choices and no budget limit.
My cell chimed, and I prayed it was the call that would make choosing dinner a less interesting task.
"Hi, Larry." I kept my eyes on Kyle. He picked up the menus and headed to his room, stopping at the doorway to motion he wanted to talk to Larry. I nodded and waved my hand for him to go and order dinner.
"Am I catching you at a bad time?" His voice sounded so good to me.
"No, of course not. We were deciding on what to eat. Kyle is having dinner in, keeping me company. By the way, he wants to talk to you before we hang up, okay? So, what's happening with Olivia?"
"Olivia." Long silence. "The passport was delivered today. We have a special meeting with the judge in the morning. An expert psychologist hired by my lawyer will explain why she should be sent home."
"Sounds to me like you made progress. So, why so discouraged?"
"It's Olivia. She doesn't want to go back to the States. I visit her, and she doesn't talk to me, just sits and stares or looks at me with pure hatred. The doctor in charge thinks she was abusing pills and may be in withdrawal."
"Oh my God! She won't talk?"
"The few words she's said I'd rather not repeat. There isn't much I can do about it right now. I'd rather clear my mind of all that, if only for a few hours. How did your visit to the Italian enforcers go?"
Good, he hadn't lost his sense of humor. Did I want to tell him about Augusta and her black-robed cohorts? Nah.
"The lawyer has my American passport, but I can travel with the Italian one, so…"
Kyle was back. He walked to the bed where I sat and, without so much as a hint of apology, took my phone.
"Hey, Larry, it's Kyle. Yes, it's raining. She can't go anywhere, or the paparazzi are going to have a field day with her. So I was thinking about arranging a meeting halfway. Do you have a car?"
I couldn't hear what Larry was saying, how annoying.
"Great. I calculated the halfway point would be Trento. I don't expect you to know, but it's pretty much a straight shot, mostly toll road, about two to three hours from here and also from Innsbruck. Here is my idea. If we both leave at the same time, we should be able to meet in Trento. I'll deliver my mom safely into your hands. We'll grab some late breakfast then each of us can be back to our hotel before three o'clock. What do you say?"
"Hey, I'm right here. You talk about me like I'm a piece of luggage."
He looked down at me. "You're the one who keeps saying you want to go to Innsbruck. I'm only the facilitator."
Damn, damn. My face was on fire. Of course Larry had heard "you want to go to
Innsbruck."
But wait. Kyle didn't look too pleased. "Too bad," he said.
Larry didn't want me?
"I see," Kyle said. "Well, if you can't, you can't." He spoke while I studied his face, needing to know what was really happening. "Tell you what, I'll discuss it with Mom. Get yourself a map or if you have access to a computer, even better, then we can resume the discussion after dinner. You need to talk to Mom? Okay, I'll let her know. Later." He turned to me. "Let's eat. Our food is on the way up."
Let's eat? "What did Larry say? It seems pretty obvious he isn't going to meet us in Trento. What's happening? I want to know." Breathe, Lella, breathe.
"Oh, that? He has to show up in court in the morning, something to do with his daughter. Seems very important and can't be postponed because then it's the weekend. He's trying to make plans for after the meeting with the judge."
"How can all that be said in so few words? Did he sound like he didn't want to meet us?"
"Mom!" He rolled his eyes. "No long explanations needed. He may have some problems he need to get resolve. We don't know exactly why he’s in Innsbruck. Hey, he could be in his Jacuzzi in Orange County or downstairs at the bar having a martini.Keep the faith" His flawless logic left me speechless and confused. His tone softened. "I suggest we eat, drink, and maybe watch a movie, then sooner or later we'll find out if you stay or if you go."
"Are you mocking me?"
He bent down and hugged me. "I'm trying to cheer you up and help you to understand some things are beyond our control."
A knock at the door then a voice: "Room service."
How about that? Perfect timing. I had no clue what Kyle ordered.
I ran into the bathroom to get out of my suit that was now all wrinkled. Might as well make myself comfortable. We weren't going anywhere.
The food was served in Kyle's room because it was more spacious. He moved the table so we could see the movie while we ate. I watched him pop open a bottle of Prosecco. Trying to cheer me up? He wasn't much of a wine drinker. He ordered enough food to feed us for a week should we become trapped in the room. This was like that movie, Pretty Woman. Richard Gere's character said he didn't know what Julia Roberts liked, so he ordered one of each. In spite of all the choices, I reached for the warm rolls first.
Kyle's phone went off as I took my first bite of tortellini alla panna. 
"Buonasera, si, sono Kyle."
I chewed my pasta, quietly savoring the smaller version of ravioli in a delightful creamy sauce, and watched Kyle's expression change from annoyed to surprised then concerned.
The whole conversation was in Italian and about Pia. Today was Friday. Humidity or premonition, shivers raced up my spine in spite of my comfy robe.
"Well." Looking puzzled and disturbed, Kyle laid the phone next to his plate. He tapped his index finger on the table, glancing at me without really seeing me. What went through his mind?
"Bad news?" I didn't want him to know I had totally eavesdropped on his phone conversation, but curiosity won.
Again he looked through me, absentmindedly picked up his glass of wine, and drank. “That was Pia’s cousin. She was to have been part of a wedding party, but never showed up. No one had been able to reach her since Monday. Talking seemed to snap him out of his hypnotic state. "You heard the conversation?" he asked.
"It was hard to ignore it, especially since it was in Italian."
"Pia's mother is not well. She's in one of those places for older people. I doubt she has direct access to a phone. Her relatives know Pia and I are friends, so it's not that farfetched for them to check with me. I thought she'd been ignoring my phone calls for personal reasons. I guess I was wrong. This is too much of a coincidence. Pia and Cruz, both missing and at about the same time. Even if they are together, who cares? Why all this secrecy? There has to be more to it." He checked his watch. "I guess I should call Roberto and Giada. And say what? Damn, Mom, you were the last one to see Pia also. No, no way."
"How could I've been the last one to see her? She left by car and mentioned stopping for gas before her trip."
"Gas, that's right. She had trouble with her gas gauge, always putting off getting it fixed. I bet she stopped at the same gas station in Chioggia where I usually fill up. I know the owner. Can't call him now, this isn't California where they are open twenty-four seven."
My phone chimed. It had to be Larry. So much for the quaint dinner. The two of us plus two phones equaled a crowd.
"Hi, Larry."
Kyle practically pulled the phone from my hand again. "Damn, Larry, too bad you don't have jurisdiction here, we could use a good detective. Yeah, I'm not going to take up your time explaining. I'm sure you'll hear plenty from Mom. Were you able to get an idea of what I'm trying to do? Yes, Brennero-Modena, you got it. I suggest you write it down in case you need to ask for directions. Nothing personal but your pronunciation is a little off."
He laughed, his eyes on me. "Okay, do you have pen and paper? So you take the A13 from Innsbruck. It becomes A22 once you enter the Brenner corridor. Stay on that until you get to Trento. I've only been to Trento once myself, but I had plenty of time to memorize many details about the place."
"The main train station is very convenient to the autostrada or the A22 you are coming from. Once you're at the train station, turn your back to the building. In front of you will be a park. Don't picture parks in the States. This one is smaller, but green, big fountain, and right there you can park without being noticed. I'll get there and make sure my mom is comfortable. She can wait for you at the bar in the train station. It's a safe place. Plus, we can stay in touch by voice or text. I'm letting you talk to Mom. You have my number if you have questions. Thanks, Larry, I owe you one."
He grabbed a plate full of assorted sliced meat and went into my room, and I could hear that he turned on the television. What a sensible kid.
"Larry, I feel terrible about this. Maybe I should wait until things with Olivia get resolved and—"
"No." Whoa. He meant it, no hesitation, a firm no. "I'll be there. I can't give you a definite time, but I will be there, and knowing that you'll soon be here with me makes this ordeal more bearable."
Finally something uplifting.
"What kind of car are you driving?" I asked. "I'll be on the lookout for you." 
"A black Mercedes."
I chuckled. Flashes of our first date and the first kiss in his black Mercedes tickled my mind. "Predictable," I kidded.
"That's not it. You're so off." His voice was packed with so much emotion I felt guilty. Guilty about what? "I'm in a foreign country, in a town I don't know, surrounded by strangers who speak a language I don't understand. Every day I eat food I dislike, drag myself to see a daughter who despises me, then drive in the freezing rain to get back to the same room, in the same hotel, surrounded by the same strangers." He stopped to breathe. "The Mercedes is the only thing I'm familiar with. It's sort of my blankie. The car—and your voice."


SEVENTEEN

A light fog floated inches above the wet asphalt of the autostrada.
To my surprise, Giada, wonderful Giada, had a quilted jacket with a hood delivered to the hotel, and Kyle assured me it would come in handy once we left the Adriatic coast and headed up north. He was right. I remembered Larry's remark about the freezing rain in Innsbruck. I should have brought my heavy mohair coat that was hosting moths in my closet back in Dana Point. I should have—story of my life.
"How long do you think it's going to take to get to Trento?" I asked.
"A couple of hours. I only did this road once, the week of my arrival. It was with Pia's car, better known as the slug. It was my first experience with Italian toll roads. Right away I wanted to be one of those drivers with the heavy foot. I didn't know Pia that well, didn't dare tell her to speed up. It was awful. The Italian love affair with cars is so evident on their autostrade. No apparent speed limit, the boldest driver with the fastest car wins. Every vehicle on the road was passing us, zoom, zoom… maddening. I did miss my Porsche. I didn't want to be a spectator; I wanted to be a contender."
"Where were you going? Lake Garda?"
"No, although in retrospect that would have been a better choice. Pia had this fantasy. I call it a fantasy. According to her it's a real place. She just couldn't remember how to get there."
"Sounds interesting. Did it involve a rabbit hole?"
"Mother!"
"What? I'm talking about Alice in Wonderland."
"Yeah, I got that. No. Pia said that when she was very young she spent her summer months in a small cabin—wait, she called it a baita. The word stuck in my mind because it sounds like bite, instead it means—"
"Kyle, I know what it means, a rustic cabin in the mountains. It's not uncommon in the Dolomites. Why would you think it was a fantasy?"
"Because we never found it."
"Maybe it isn't there anymore."
"You don't understand. We left the autostrada about three exits past Trento, and we meandered around narrow roads under huge trees. I swear it was like a forest, and the first thing you know, we found ourselves right back where we started, looking at the toll road from below. We did that twice with the same results. There was no one to ask directions. On the third attempt we ran out of gas out there in the middle of nowhere. She called ACI, the Italian version of triple A, but we didn't know where we were. We walked miles and finally were able to get a ride to town. Since I couldn't communicate well, I stayed at a bar in Trento while Pia tried to figure out how to get her car towed to the nearest gas station."
"Did she?" Poor Pia.
"No. We rented a car to get me home on time for a meeting the next day. Eventually one of Pia's friends drove her back to her vehicle, along with a large gas can." He shook his head as if clearing his mind of the whole adventure. "That was my first Italian outing and the last one with Pia. She is so disorganized." He shrugged. "Maybe that's what happened to her. Maybe she ran out of gas somewhere, and her phone ran out of juice."
The sun playing hide and seek with the low clouds helped lift the fog as we left the first autostrada and entered the toll road to the Brennero Pass, the road that would take me all the way to Austria if Larry kept his word. Otherwise, I would probably be looking for public transportation back to Venice. Just the thought made me queasy.
I liked this road trip, mother and son locked together in a small car for hours. What else could we do but talk? Kyle yawned, a big, loud yawn. It made me smile. Still my boy.
"I feel guilty putting you through all this nonsense."
"I look at it as payback for all the times I kept you up at night or spoiled your plans with friends because I got myself in some kind of trouble, true or perceived."
I patted his arm. "Why do I sense that the 'perceived' part is a nice way of saying your mom tends to dramatize?"
"No—you think? Are you ever going to tell me the real reason you hopped on that plane and paid me an impromptu visit? And while we are on the impromptu subject, is there really an Olivia in Innsbruck or is this a creative way for Larry to come get you without making it look like he's chasing after you even when you do him wrong?"
"Why are you always taking Larry's side?"
"I'm not taking anyone's side, but I'm not stupid," he said. "It seems to me he does a lot to accommodate you. And that's a good thing, because since you met him, I don't worry so much about you living alone, your car breaking down, or a light bulb that needs changing—all the little things I should do for my mom but don't always."
"I beg your pardon? For your information, I change my own light bulbs, and I have plenty of friends who can help me out—"
His cell phone rang. He pushed the answer button and it went to speaker. "Good morning." He waited.
"Kyle, where are you?" I recognized Giada's voice.
"I'm in the car driving my mom to Trento as planned." He sounded annoyed.
Why? Oh, of course, he just finished telling me how I kept Larry on a short leash, and here is sweet Giada, checking up on him. Ah!
He seemed to rethink it. "Wait, you mean, how far I am from Trento, right? We're on the Brennero Modena autostrada, left Verona about thirty minutes ago. So I guess I'm, what? Forty minutes away, then I need to find a suitable place to drop off my mom."
"Am I on speaker? Something's happened to Roberto." Giada's tone was so unchanging and devoid of emotions she sounded like a recorded message.
"Huh? Something—can you be more specific? I don't care if my mother hears. Who would she tell, anyway?"
"He apparently tried to commit suicide."
"Damn. Roberto? Why? How?"
"No one had seen him since he ran out of the press conference. I didn't go looking for him. He isn't my responsibility. His personal assistant got worried when he didn't return phone calls. She has a key to his house so she can run errands for him. She went there early this morning. Overdose."
"Oh, damn, damn." He hit his hand against the steering wheel. "What's going on? An overdose of what? Fuck!"
There was that word again.
"Sleeping pills," she said. "The assistant told the police he uses sleeping pills on occasion. I don't have any other details yet. It seems he left a note. The authorities have it. The assistant said she tried to read it, but didn't dare touch it because the police would claim it as evidence. She felt it was connected to Cruz. I'll know more in a few hours. My boss is calling a press conference. He is on his way back to Rome. At first he was spitting fire, but now damage control is in full swing. They want you sitting at the bar at the Century when the news goes public."
"De Bernardi wants me to be sitting at the bar? Why? So I look like a soulless jerk?"
"Kyle, I'm just the messenger. What about your mom? This should shift the attention away from her. Anyway, I'm supposed to stay in Venice. De Bernardi is sending the crew back up, and you'll redo your scenes. I'm sure they have something in mind, something good for the studio and perhaps for you. I mean, with Cruz gone—"
"Gone? You don't know that." He didn't sound convinced of his own statement. "Okay, I'll get Mom settled and make a U-turn back to the hotel. Damn. Sorry, Mom, nothing to do with you." Of course not. "Okay, babe, see you shortly."
Babe? I opened my mouth to ask if he really liked Giada, but for once my common sense kicked in on time. I sat back in the comfy seat and sucked in the view. Too bad the mountains hid the view of Lake Garda. I had never traveled this way before. When I was young we had to drive steep and narrow mountain roads to get from Vicenza to Trento. The autostrada was a smooth road that didn't leave a single speck of dust on the windshield or back bumper. Cars whizzed by at high speeds. Yet Kyle's driving and the road were so smooth there was no motion sickness for me. Not at all like when I was a little girl.
* * *

Here I was at the railroad station of Trento. It reminded me a lot of other Italian train stations.
I found the bar Kyle had described and after ordering a fat prosciutto panino and a beer, I located a small table for two. A lovely plant created a natural barrier from the rest of the place. I was bound to go unnoticed. Drinking beer before noon? I couldn't help but smile at the thought of what my American friends would say. In Italy, no one cared; there was no five o'clock approval time. And the beer and panino were what I craved. I had my fill of cappuccino and pastries.
I promised Kyle not to attract attention. As far as others were concerned, I was officially in my bedroom at the Century—a sad recluse, if you will. Unless a crowd decided to rush the bar for a quick snack, I could sit and stare for hours, just another middle-aged woman waiting for the train. With some luck, Larry would arrive soon to get me. Or would he? What if he phoned me?
Kyle insisted I shouldn't let anyone hear me speak English. Honestly, the kid was paranoid. The news of Cruz's agent's overdose lingered in my mind. Could there be a connection? How? I had no doubt that Cruz was the main moneymaker in Roberto's agency. It would seem he had nothing to gain by the star's disappearance. Could they have been lovers? Maybe Roberto was gay. How about Cruz's affairs? Cover-up? Nah, too farfetched. And how about Giada's comment, "Something good for the studio and perhaps for you. I mean, with Cruz gone…"? Was she hoping to convince Kyle to stay in Italy a little longer?
But Roberto's answer that first day at the meeting with De Bernardi was indeed odd. "He could be dying in a ditch beside a deserted road for all we know." Roberto seemed to be the only one who was more concerned with Cruz's well-being than with financial aspects of the actor's disappearance. Very personal.
* * *

Forty-five minutes later the panino and the beer were gone, and I needed to use the bathroom. I hated Italian public restrooms. And I didn't have any change to get into one. Damn. I spotted a newsstand just outside the bar, inside the station. Great, I could buy something to read and get change. Problem solved.
So many magazines, glossy covers with gorgeous women. I lingered, staring. Someone behind me cleared his throat. Better pick one and move out of the way. I did, paid, and headed toward the bathroom.
Had this been an American ladies' bathroom I could sit on a comfy chair, read, and pass the time waiting for Larry, but that wasn't possible in Italian public toilettes, especially the ones in stations. I brushed my teeth with the travel toothbrush from my purse, washed my hands, and put some lipstick on. That was it. I could blend well with the average Italian population. Okay, sort of, but no one was paying attention to me in spite of Kyle's gloomy predictions.
I sat in the main waiting room, my carryon rested next to me. Putting on my reading glasses to glance at the magazine I'd just purchased made me feel so old. It was one of those trashy papers with headlines like Woman Impregnated by Aliens, or what about this one? Who Is Sofia's Real Father? Come on, the poor woman was nearly seventy. Why should she even care? Damn. So much for catching up with news; it was plain garbage.
Oh, no! I quickly closed the pages and looked around to see if anyone noticed me. Not possible. That was me, my picture, wearing the robe from the spa, raccoon eyes and mouth open like a fish on the hook. Kyle's small picture was next to mine, but the article discussed the possibility—had all Italians gone crazy?—that I came to Italy to seduce Cruz. Yes, the word seduce used next to my name didn't feel right.
The article even suggested I had a hand in the disappearance, all to advance my son's career. Did Kyle know about these fabrications? Could that be the reason he insisted I become invisible? To protect me? Who came up with the printed lies? I sat, frozen. What if someone recognized me? I felt dirty. Where should I hide?
Oh, God. Please, Larry, come get me. The "California Girls" jingle never sounded so good. I put the cell to my ear and bent as if tying my shoes.
"Larry, where are you?" I whispered into the telefonino.


EIGHTEEN

My whole body trembled, electrified as I watched Larry lock the Mercedes. He hadn't noticed me yet. I could hardly breathe in anticipation of meeting face to face for the first time since he left for Florida. How long ago was that? A month? Hardly.
Guilt ate at my soul, and while I mentally vowed never to pull something so unjustified again, deep down I knew I might. I stood outside the train station, waiting. He parked where Kyle told him to, and as he walked toward me, I willed myself not to move.
Wait, Lella, wait.
I knew he saw me by the way he quickened his pace, and even from the distance I felt his eyes on me. God, I'd forgotten how good he looked. Tall and confident, he wore a short charcoal coat I'd never seen before, and his hair in this wintry late afternoon light took on the darkest shade of black. Unlike me, the graying part of aging seemed to have passed him by.
"Lella." We had agreed to keep it simple, like casual friends would. We couldn't attract attention. He took hold of my carryon with one hand and stroked the side of my face with the back of his free hand.
I held his stare and kept silent. Should I apologize? Before I could make up my mind, his lips brushed the cheek where his caress still lingered and he whispered, "I missed you so."
I swallowed my lumped-up emotions along with my uncertainties, and we walked to his car, our steps in sync, his arm around my shoulders. I realized there was nothing I had to say, at least not at this precise moment. Later, perhaps—much later.
He stored my luggage in the back seat. The interior of this Mercedes was different from the one he had back home. It smelled like a new car should, and the gray leather seats felt soft to the touch. Larry started the engine, seemed to change his mind, and turned halfway to look at me.
I felt like a sixteen-year-old on her first date. My cheeks burned. I wasn't sure if the cause was all those suppressed feelings or my hot flashes flaring up again.
He grabbed the sides of my hood and pulled me to him. "You look like a little Eskimo." His voice a tad husky, he kissed my lips without lingering, then let me go, and a few seconds later the car started to move.
I unzipped my quilted jacket. I was on fire.
How could it be that easy? No scolding, no questions, just a whole lot of tenderness. All that made me feel even guiltier about the way I had behaved toward him. Maybe that was his game, to show me how good a man he was. Stop it. I had to say something. What?
He beat me to it. "So tell me what's going on with this—Cruz? You don't seem as scared and nervous as Kyle described you."
"When did you talk to Kyle?" There. I spoke. The earth didn't explode, yet my heart hadn't stopped fluttering in my throat.
"A few hours ago. He called to make sure I was on my way to get you. He's a really nice young man." Was he mentally comparing Kyle to Olivia?
I remembered my son's comment. "Is there really an Olivia?"
"How about you give me your version of the events?" he said.
"Mine is the long one."
"We have all the time in the world. By the way, are you hungry? Do you want to find a place to eat or take the toll road back to Austria?"
"Let's get out of Trento. Do you know your way back to the autostrada?"
"I know how to get to it, but I can't figure out how to pronounce it, hence 'toll road.'" I sensed the smile in his voice. "We need to cross a bridge, coming up pretty soon. I've memorized the map."
The stoplight turned red, and the tow truck in front of us stopped in a shriek of brakes. We barely missed hitting it. The abrupt stop seemed to shake the damaged car on the flatbed. Damaged was a loose way of describing it. The thing looked like a pancake.
"That must have been some accident. Looks like the car caught fire before it rolled," Larry said knowingly.
The streetlights came on, and the whole scene seemed like a movie freeze frame.
A man came from the driver side of the truck, walked around, and stopped to look at the front of the Mercedes. He was all bundled up in heavy working clothes. A knit hat with a visor hid his eyes. He wore the kind of gloves I'd seen on city workers digging in public places back home.
"Does he think I hit him?" Larry asked.
Before I could answer, he put the car in park and opened the door. Damn. He didn't know Italian drivers. The light was now green and angry motorists drove around us, beeping their horns without restraint. I grabbed my jacket and hurried from the car. 
"Is there something wrong, signore?"
The man looked at me and shook his head. "I thought I heard a loud thump, was afraid the cargo shifted." He checked around; I followed his glance, and among the soot-smudged surface I noticed spots of dark green paint showing through, and something else: a faded I heart NY sticker.
Oh my God! Pia's car. I waved my hand in alarm. I couldn't find my voice.
"Lella, what's wrong?" Larry walked to my side.
The truck driver's eyes bounced between Larry and me.
"Where did you get this car?" I spoke in Italian, and I could read frustration on Larry's face.
"Car? Signora, this was once a car, it's now evidence. I'm delivering it to Trapasso Servizi, other side of the river, and if you don't mind I'll get going so I can make it home for supper."
"You don't understand. The driver is my son's best friend. She's been missing for days."
"Makes sense. The accident occurred days ago. Between the bad weather and the location, it took a special crane to retrieve this thing from the ravine. Of course the driver was rescued right away, I'm sure."
"Pia is all right? Where is she? Can I see her?"
Larry paced. He seemed to be concentrating very hard, trying to make sense of the conversation.
Meanwhile, the truck man studied me like I was a bona fide loony. With a sigh he pulled a business card from an inside pocket and handed it to me. "Signora, I know nothing—when I was sent to retrieve the vehicle there was no one there except the police collecting personal items from around and under the upside-down car. Here is the phone number of the centralino for la stradale. You call them. I've got to go. I don't get paid overtime. Buonasera."
He turned on his heel, and soon the truck carrying Pia's car disappeared over the San Lorenzo Bridge.
"What the hell was that all about?" Larry the cop wasn't pleased. Feeling useless?
"I—we need to follow the truck. That's Pia's car and—where is my phone? I'll call this number…"
The chorus of car horns hurt my ears.
"Lella, right now we need to get out of the intersection before a cop makes us. Let's go."
I got back in the car like a robot. My mind tried to process all the new information but only succeeded in feeling overwhelmed and unprepared. My hands trembled so badly my cell phone slipped away and landed under my seat. I bent over to try to find it.
"Lella, come on, sit and put on your seatbelt. Talk to me. Who is Pia, and how do you know for sure that's her car? I didn't see the license plate. Did you?"
"Nooo, you don't understand. It's the sticker, the one with the heart. Where are you going?" I was coming unglued. All that self-control and extra helping of silence, gone, poof. I wanted to scream at the world; instead I screamed at Larry.
He put his hand on my knee and stroked it gently while driving across the bridge the same way the tow truck had gone. Good. Then I realized he went that way because that was the only way he could go. Breathe, Lella, breathe.
"I'll pull over if I can, but, Lella, this is uncharted territory. I don't even understand the signs except for the ones pointing us to the ato… the toll road. So, what would you like me to do? I'm at your service as long as I can be back to the hotel by six a.m. I have a plane to catch at nine thirty tomorrow morning."
"You what?"
"I was going to tell you once we were in a more relaxed situation. I forgot this is Lella we're talking about. Tell me what's going on. When I stop at the next red light, go ahead and get your phone from under the seat. Maybe we can call Kyle."
We? Was he going to ask Kyle to come and get me because he had a plane to catch? What was happening? Was he flying back to the States?
I looked around. The sun was about to become a purple memory behind a mountain peak. The river Adige flowed peacefully under the San Lorenzo Bridge we had just crossed, and the streets would soon be deserted because of suppertime. We were approaching the toll road that would take us to Austria, where Larry would get into a plane and go where? With whom?
I wasn't going to wait for a red light. I unfastened the seatbelt and scrunched down to search for my phone. The bing, bing from hell urged me to get back into my seat and buckle up. I found my cell and sat back.
Larry didn't say a word, kept his eyes on the road. I could tell by the tightness of his jaw he was as upset as I was, maybe more. He didn't understand the language, and he surely didn't understand me. Before I could click on Kyle's number, the cell chimed.
"Hel—pronto. Kyle? Oh my God, you are not going to believe this. I was about to call you. What? Who? Yeah, yeah, Larry is here. He's driving. No. You listen. I found
Pia. No, not Pia. I mean I found Pia's car and… Larry? Why do you want to talk to Larry?
I don't make sense? Excuse me, but—"
Larry grabbed the phone from my hand. How dare he?
"Kyle, your mom is excited, but I think she's on to something. I don't know who Pia is; your mom recognized a car or what's left of it. Dark green, I saw a VW logo, but your mom said she recognized a sticker. Here, talk to her, she'll give you the details." He handed me back the phone and patted my knee. "Breathe, sweetie, breathe." He spoke softly, the tone used to calm a fussy baby.
Tenderness or weariness?
I followed Larry's suggestion, and it somehow calmed me enough to explain the events to Kyle without sounding like a shrieking bitch. I made sure he wrote down the phone number on the business card. The truck driver said it was the switchboard for the Italian Highway Police.
After Kyle promised to let me know what he found out, I felt exhausted, drained of energy. I wasn't hungry or sleepy, just drained, emotionally and physically. 
That was when Larry said, "About my early morning flight…"


NINETEEN

A thread of light filtered below the closed drapes. It reminded me of the dazzling brightness of early winter mornings in Northern Italy, when scarce sunrays rebounded on fresh snow and intensified their brilliance.
Blinding glow.
Childhood memories.
All meaningless. Once again I found myself alone in a strange hotel room. To make this even more frustrating, I knew nothing about Innsbruck and even less about the local language.
Larry. Kyle's words buzzed in my brain. "Is there an Olivia?" I had no certain answer.
Larry had gone to pick up his mysterious daughter from the facility where they held her. His plan was to escort her to Frankfurt, settle her on a flight to Atlanta then fly back to Innsbruck and me. My presence on this trip wasn't needed or wanted. Again.
Olivia's mother Jennifer would meet the daughter in Atlanta to get her back home and into treatment. He didn't volunteer where home was, and I chose not to ask.
We had arrived at the hotel in the dark. I didn't know if we were in the center of town or out in the boonies. Larry mentioned it was conveniently located. To what?
I listen attentively for outside sounds. The clock next to the bed said nine a.m. I had been awake for hours but didn't feel ready to leave the warmth and comfort of this— what was it Larry called it? Tuchent. So light and fluffy, and yet it provided more heat than my comforter back home. Or maybe my hot flashes contributed to the general sensation.
What kind of coffee did Austrians drink? With my life a total mess, and no idea what tomorrow would be like, I worried about coffee. Somehow it seemed logical.
Tomorrow? I didn't even know if Larry intended to come back here today or ever at all. And once again the old insecurities found an open door.
I got out of bed, dragging along the Austrian duvet with the strange name and opened the drapes. Oh my God. Not just childhood memories. It did snow. The sight took my breath away. Snow in October? Mountains crowned in white, a fantastic scene. I hadn't experienced fresh powder in a long time. Plus this was the first snow of winter. It had to be. I felt like a child. I wished I could share all that excitement with someone. And just like that, my cell chimed.
"Hello."
"Sweetie, did I wake you?" A sigh escaped from my lips, and I didn't know if it was a happy sigh or a sigh of relief. I was that confused.
"Larry, there is snow. Snow. Where are you?" I spoke quickly as if I needed to say all I had to say before he cut me off.
"Frankfurt Airport." His sigh left no doubt—pure sadness. "I'll be heading to my boarding gate in about ten minutes. I wanted to make sure she was settled in first. Olivia has been nothing but trouble. I still can't believe this is the same young woman who left California two years ago. The doctor gave her some pills to calm her down before we left the center, so she was mildly sedated. That changed when we got to the US Air international gate in Frankfurt. Then it got ugly." He paused. "I wanted to know you're okay. I left the key to the Mercedes on the desk in case you feel like going out for breakfast. If you do, remember it's very, very cold. Let the engine idle for about five minutes. Or, if you prefer, you can get breakfast downstairs. They have a great buffet."
"Larry, if you left the car here, how did you get to the airport?"
"My lawyer. Part of the deal. He had to be there to make sure Olivia boarded the plane. I didn't tell him I was coming back."
"Larry, when I said I'm terrified of driving in Europe I meant it, and now with the snow… I don't think I can pick you up at the airport."
"Relax, the hotel has a shuttle. If all is well I should be back by lunchtime, and then you can decide what you would like to do next."
"Oh, good, you had me going there for a minute. Stay safe, see you soon." I hung up. I couldn't think of anything to talk about. What was happening to me? To us?
I dreaded going downstairs and being seen in public. Everyone would know I spent the night in Larry's bed, and I wasn't his wife. The fact that we didn't even have sex would have no bearing on the way I would be judged. Dear God, this is the 21st century, Lella, get a grip. Once a freaking Catholic, always a freaking Catholic. Maledizione.
At some point I made it to the dining room. Larry was right. Breakfast was served buffet-style, and there was a little of everything. It had quite an international flair. The young woman walking me to the table spoke some English. She was a student at the university and said the hotel was near the airport and catered to winter sport aficionados from a variety of countries. Everything looked modern and expensive—not Century Palace expensive, but it certainly wasn't your Motel Six. And no one paid attention to me. Finally I'd caught a break. I was on my second cup of caffe Americano, weaker than espresso, when my phone went off. Larry? So soon?
"Hello."
"Mom, oh, good. Where are you?"
"What do you mean where am I? Innsbruck. Where did you expect me to be?" Irritation sharpened my tone.
"Good, well, you need to get back here."
"Just what do you think I am? A Frisbee?" No, no, I meant to say a yo-yo. "There is snow here, and Larry is in Frankfurt and—"
"Frankfurt? What the hell is going on? What is he doing there? Did he just drop you in Innsbruck and take off? How did he get from Trento to Innsbruck to Frankfurt in less than twenty-four hours?"
"He grew wings." I was that upset by his implied accusations.
He snorted. "Okay, that was funny. Mom, listen. You were right about the car. It's Pia's." He paused. I waited. "We found her."
"Thank God, is she all right?"
"No, that's just it. This is such a mess. The information on her driver's license was outdated. Cops have been searching for relatives. They went to her mother's old address. That's so typical of Pia. Anyway, she's not doing well. Burned badly. They flew her to a hospital in Verona, where there's a good burn unit."
"Pia is in Verona? All this time we were wondering about her whereabouts she was in Verona?"
"It's not that cut and dried, Mom. It's not like she walked herself to Verona. I spoke to one of the investigators. He thinks she was trapped in her smoldering car for at least ten hours. The only reason she's still alive is because of the heavy rain. It had stopped the burning of the car, or she would be dead. But the heat traveled through metal. That's how she was burned. She was pinned in the upside-down car. Well, you saw it. The VW was almost flat. They're still sorting through the items they recovered from under the wreck. Pia is unconscious. I'm going to visit her; maybe a familiar voice can help her snap out of it. What do you think? Good or bad idea?" He wanted my opinion?
"I think it's good. How about Roberto and Cruz? Any news?" He still hadn't said why he needed me to go back to Venice. Maybe he wanted me to meet him in Verona at the hospital? Three hours away by car.
"Roberto is out of intensive care. That's all I know. I'm told he has a lawyer. Whatever he wrote on his note, it's still a secret. Anyway, I have a feeling the police may have questions regarding Pia's state of mind when she drove you to Chioggia from the airport. You know. It would help if you were in Italy. I doubt they think you have anything to do with Cruz at this point."
"Why do you say that? What changed?"
"For one thing, he obviously didn't run off with Pia, and also, why would Roberto feel responsible unless he knows something about the disappearance?"
"Kyle, you do realize this is starting to sound like a soap opera? But not amusing, not amusing at all. One day you want me gone because I'm the Black Widow. The next day I'm supposed to rush back and all is forgotten. I'm telling you, the minute that lawyer returns my passport, I'm on the first plane to the States."
"What about Larry?"
"What about Larry? He shipped Olivia home, that's why he was in Frankfurt, to make sure she didn't change her mind."
Long silence. "So, what does she look like?'
"Who?"
"Olivia."
"I don't know."
"You don't… you never saw her, did you?"
It was my turn to be quiet. "No."
"Interesting." Smart kid. Choosing his words carefully.
We both kept silent. I knew what he was thinking. It was a strange reality that in the years I had known Larry I knew so little about his daughter and had never, ever met her.
After what might have been a minute or an hour, he said, "They're still looking for Cruz, but De Bernardi has plan B ready to go. I'm hoping Roberto holds the answer to the disappearance. I'm bent on thinking there's a woman involved."
"Why is that?" Servers around me busied themselves removing plates and glasses. Breakfast time was over. The coffee in my cup was cold.
"Because that's the logical explanation. Women are his passion She must be really special for Cruz to give up all that exposure and risk retribution from the studio. Italy isn't like the States. The show business community is small. Everyone knows each other. You get one studio mad at you, you might as well retire. Okay, Giada is here. We're going to visit Pia."
"Wait—Giada is going with you?"
"Sure, why not? I've nothing to do, just killing time until my contract is over, then I'm out of Italy. We may make a detour to Lake Garda. Call me when you're heading back, we need to coordinate our time so we can check out of the Century together. Anyway, call me after you talk to Larry. Okay?"
"Okay and—Kyle—keep me posted, please?"
He had nothing to do? How about me? I went back to the bedroom and sat on the bed.
The floor-to-ceiling windows offered a snow-covered landscape. This couldn't be downtown. No old buildings, no narrow streets, everything looked very contemporary. The hotel itself was downright modern in a very charming way. No elaborate plastic chairs. No Venetian plaster either. And, thank God, no paparazzi.
How would I keep busy until Larry got back? I was getting depressed again. Might as well brush my teeth. I was gargling with mouthwash when housekeeping knocked at the door.
When I opened it, an older woman in a light blue uniform apologized. She kept her eyes on the floor and seemed to have figured out we had a communication problem. She pointed to her wristwatch and made me understand she would be back in one hour. Poor thing. I felt guilty holding up her schedule. Even if she came back in one hour, I would probably be still there, sitting on the bed, feeling sorry for myself.
Or I could leave the pity party and go for a walk in the snow. When would I get another chance to do something like that? The idea grew on me, yes. I would go play in the snow. The only problem would be footwear. For the first time I regretted not owning fur-lined boots or something similar. How about socks? Damn.
My mother used to say, "What is it with you? Were you born wearing high heels?"
Poor Mom; she was probably shaking her finger and looking down with that Itold-you-so expression from up in heaven.
I decided not to let the lack of boots stop me.
The outside air was cold enough to extinguish any hot flashes. As it turned out, there really wasn't much snow on the ground. I walked away from the hotel toward an open area where rows of leafless trees raised their nakedness to the blue afternoon skies. The thin layer of white powder felt crunchy under my shoes. Rocks now seemed to outnumber the snowflakes that still survived the melting in progress. That and my modest high heels made for an interesting walk. The hem of my pants dragged on the wet ground and a chunky piece of muddy snow landed on my exposed foot.
Damn. I bent over to flick it away, and something hit me right in the hip.
Snow. Snow? I looked up. There was no snow on the trees. I heard the crunching of feet behind me. I turned, and there, all smiles, stood Larry ready to throw another snowball at me.


TWENTY

I lay still, eyes wide open, looking at the ceiling in a state of astonishment. This was no dream. The snowy mountain peaks clearly visible from the bed through the open drapes and the dying sunlight made it ever more real. My fingers brushed his arm resting across my belly. The rhythmic breathing told me he was asleep. No surprise there; Larry had been up since the early hours of the morning.
We had been lovers for two years, had afternoon sex before, but this was different. In my mind I revisited the previous night, the hours we spent in an uninterrupted, chaste embrace and long whispered conversation. I was certain then that my sex life was over, the only sizzle left in me being my hot flashes.
All the doom and gloom I read about menopause had come true. I might as well get used to it. And then this—this incredible afternoon of passion. It all started with that soggy snowball. Sounded like a country song—the little snowball that caused an avalanche of lust. Maybe I should learn how to ski and spend more time in the snow. Now I was being silly. That was apt to happen when your body felt so… spent, in such a delightful way.
Larry stirred in his sleep and turned his back to me. I felt exposed in more ways than one and retrieved the duvet we'd kicked off the bed during our excesses of sexual intoxication. I carefully pulled it up to cover our nude bodies then closed my eyes and waited for Larry to wake up.
Noises came from the hall—maybe a late housekeeping call, the maid pushing a cart with squeaky wheels, or a newly arrived guest pulling heavy luggage.
I found myself analyzing the unpleasant events of the last week, from my arrival at Marco Polo Airport to the here and now in this never-to-be-forgotten Innsbruck hotel room.
First I'd met Pia Bartolomei, briefly. She was now in a hospital room in Verona fighting for her life. Next had come Cruz, now gone and yet to be found. Augusta, the palazzo concierge, was the common denominator among us, and while we hardly spoke, she'd been out there calling me a murderess. Why? And what about Roberto? I didn't even know his last name. He was also in a hospital bed for a self-inflicted medical emergency spurred by Cruz's disappearance. None of this would be a concern to me if I hadn't hopped on that flight on a whim and shown up in Italy in order to escape… Larry. This Larry, the man that made me cry out in pleasure and beg for more. What was wrong with me?
Somewhere from a heap of discarded clothes on the room floor came a familiar jingle, "California Girls." Damn. I had to get that. Didn't want to disturb Larry's well-earned rest. Where was my robe? I slid off the bed, looking for something to slip into, gave up, and started to dig through the pile where the sound came from.
"Hello." Whispering while breathless isn't a good idea. I rushed into the bathroom, closed the door behind me, and grabbed a large towel to cover myself while holding the phone against my ear with one hand.
"Mother, what are you doing?" Kyle hardly ever called me Mother. Something wasn't right.
"Sorry, sorry, didn't want to wake up Larry."
"Oh, so he did come back…"
"Of course he came back. Why would you doubt it?" Says the hypocrite.
"Never mind. Things are happening. Not good things. I'm at the hospital. I can't see Pia. I'm not family. It's bad, very bad. A detective has been here waiting to talk to her, but now that the relatives are here he is talking to them, and they're all looking at me like I'm the one who pushed her off the cliff. I had no idea where she was going. I have nothing to do with this."
He went quiet. I could hear voices in the background, then a hush. "Kyle, what's happening?" No answer. Screeching noises, fading, and Kyle's voice. "Mom, there is a priest."
"A priest? Is he a relative?"
"I don't—no, no relative. Fuck, she's dying. I know it. Mom, he has a thing around his neck, a purple thing. What do you call it?"
"A stole. Calm down, Kyle. Are you alone?"
"Giada was here. She stepped outside, business call. I need to get out of here; the whole family is kneeling around the bed. I can see it from the open door. They are crowded in." The stress in his voice betrayed his inner turmoil. "It's weird. I can't watch this. I'll go wait at the other end of the hall. I'll call you back." The phone went dead. 
Dio Mio. I crossed myself. Old habits never die. The priest was delivering Extreme Unction to Pia. The last sacrament. My heart pounded, and I felt a weight on my chest. I couldn't breathe. Pia was dying. She was so young. Same age as Kyle. I needed to clear my mind, and do what? Giada was there for Kyle; he didn't need me. I had trouble holding on to the small phone. My hands trembled. My body quivered. A quick sob escaped my lips. I hardly knew Pia. What was happening to me?
"There you are." Larry stood by the bathroom door. In my sorrow I hadn't heard him open it. "Sweetie, what's wrong? What happened?" Did he notice the phone? "Who were you talking to?"
I kept shaking my head. Trying to speak would have opened the flow of tears.
He walked over. When he knelt next to me, I saw he wore slacks. His fingers pushed back the lock of hair that had fallen over my eyes. "Talk to me. What's wrong?" 
Another sob shook my chest.
He slipped his arm around my shoulders, and the towel fell off. How humiliating. Sitting on the edge of the tub, more naked than naked. Raw.
"She's dying."
"Who is dying? Who were you talking to?" Gently he removed the cell from my grip, looked at it then at me.
"Kyle." I avoided his eyes. The night before we had spent hours talking about his daughter, the one I had never met.
"Is he okay?"
I nodded. "It's Pia. Remember the car? In Trento? On the—"
"I remember. Pia, Kyle's friend. She was the driver of the car. Is she the one who's dying? Who told you?"
"My son is at the hospital. The priest is there to administer the last sacrament." I found myself sobbing without tears, almost a nervous reaction. Short and furious sobs.
"I'm so sorry. Anything I can do? Do you want to get dressed and check out? We may be able to drive there in three or four hours. Wait, where is the hospital?"
"Verona. She is in the burn unit. The minute the sun goes down the road will turn to ice with the melted snow and all that. Let's leave in the morning. They aren't even letting Kyle see her, only family."
"You're shivering. Let me get you a robe." He came back a minute later and helped me into the warm, fluffy garment. "I don't assume you feel like going out to dinner." He was right. "Lella, I don't know if there is room service, but there is a restaurant downstairs, and I can bring up some food. What would you like?"
I shrugged. All I wanted was to talk to Kyle, but I didn't want to be the one to make the call. I didn’t know what time it was. Maledizione. I went back to the bedroom to discover that night descended early in this town built in a naturally formed bowl surrounded by mountains. My self-generated tension was taking over my common sense. Being aware that Larry witnessed the meltdown upset me even more
I felt his eyes on me. "Why are you looking at me?" I wanted him to react. I wanted an excuse to be mean. Instead he came over and hugged me. Not in a sensual way, but with the kind of tenderness reserved for the cherished ones. "Breathe, Lella, breathe. Your hormones are messing with you, but it won't last forever. We'll get through this." He held my face in his hands and kissed my lips in a way that soothed my irritation. And my phone went off.
"It's over. She's dead." Kyle's voice, full of guilt, as if he had killed Pia with his own hands.
"Are you still there? At the hospital? Do you know any of her relatives? Perhaps you can offer to help with funeral arrangement. Kyle, it's not your fault. It was an accident. Accidents happen." Accidents happen. Not the smartest thing to say.
Would Kyle be thinking about the accident that killed his father? I needed to say something, change the subject. "We're heading back to Venice in the morning, but the roads are icy; we had snow today. Where do you think you'll be?"
"I forgot to tell you. They found Cruz's phone."
"They did?" Finally good news. "Where?"
"Among the debris of Pia's car."
My breath caught. Not such good news after all. According to Kyle, Cruz never went anywhere without his phone. "Mom, we're spending the night in Verona; we may still be here when you get back. I want to talk to the detective. He speaks English. I'll call you or you call me. Ciao."
That was the saddest ciao I'd ever heard. I was somewhat aware that Larry had been talking on the room phone.
"They are bringing us some food," he said. "I told the front desk you weren't well—by the look in your eyes, I spoke the truth. What happened?"
I repeated what Kyle told me then went to wash my face and hands with cold water. It seemed to help. Twice I caught Larry glancing at his watch. "Are you expecting someone?" I asked.
At first he looked at me like I spoke some strange language. "Oh, you mean because of the watch? Olivia should be landing in Atlanta in about forty-five minutes. She has to clear customs, so, let's say, what? Another twenty minutes? You know a lot more about that than I do."
"Yes, twenty, thirty minutes should be plenty, especially if she makes a connection there to her next flight, because the airline takes care of your luggage after you cleared customs. Makes it much easier to go from the international terminal to domestic."
"I'm hoping to get a phone call from her mother before I go to sleep. Knowing
Olivia landed safely and is on her way to get help would be a big relief." 
We looked at each other and shook our heads. "Kids."


TWENTY-ONE

"It's too bad you didn't get to see the downtown, reminded me of The Sound of Music. I ate at one of the restaurants with the lawyer. Maybe we can visit next time, under more happy circumstances."
We were still driving through the Austrian part of our trip. A lot had changed since the last time I traveled this toll road, but some things remained the same. By daylight the ski jump platform built for the Olympics was hard to miss high at the top of a steep slope, After all those years it still looked like a brand new sparkling glass masterpiece.
"And that glass tower over there"—Larry pointed at the building I had just looked at—"was redesigned by a famous architect in… 2003. I'm quoting the same lawyer. A cable car takes visitors to the top. There's a restaurant and a view to take your breath away. Or so I'm told." He squeezed my knee. "I understand you can see all the way to Italy."
I laughed. "Seeing Italy is not hard to do. As soon as we cross Europe's Bridge we'll be there. In my younger years, the bridge gift shop and restaurant were where we always stopped to use the bathrooms. Sometimes we had to sprint to beat a bus full of tourists looking for bathrooms. Memories."
"Did you do a lot of traveling back then?"
"It all depended on who I was hanging out with. I had a cousin who loved the mountains any time of the year, but there was no autostrada from Verona to Austria back then. We went through Rovereto, curvy mountain roads, sometimes only one lane. I always ended up with motion sickness. Come to think of it, memories are overrated. I wonder what happened to my cousin. He was a professor at the University of Padova the last time I went home. Larry, did you finally speak to Olivia?"
"No." His jaw tightened. He had spoken with Jennifer in the early morning just before we started packing. His tone of voice had been so controlled and detached it could have frozen erupting lava.
"Something wrong? You don't have to talk about it if you don't feel like it, but I'm always crying on your shoulder."
The angles of his profile relaxed some while the squeeze on my knee turned into a gentle stroke. I sensed his mind was far, far away. We entered the bridge, but he didn't seem to notice, and I kept quiet, looking straight ahead.
I hated this bridge. I pretended it wasn't a bridge at all, just a nice, wide autostrada. The notion that we were over six hundred feet above ground made me sick. I was surprised when, without a word, he pulled into the parking lot that extended from the bridge to the restaurant, the same restaurant I had been talking about.
He turned off the engine and twisted halfway to look at me. "Let's honor tradition." His voice held its usual calm. Whatever was bugging him must be resolved.
"Let's. These days it's easy—most of Europe uses Euros, not like when I was young and every country, even the smallest ones, had different currency, but they were all willing to take dollars."
He locked the Mercedes and draped his arm around my shoulders, and we headed toward the restaurant-slash-gift shop. The air was cold and crisp, nothing like the Arctic breath surrounding Innsbruck. Small patches of melting snow could be seen on the northern sides of the trees
"Do I sense resentment regarding American dollars?" he asked.
"You bet I'm resentful. When I had none, everyone wanted to exchange for dollars. Now that I have some, it's unwanted currency."
Finally a genuine laugh. "Poor, poor Lella; even the dollar is conspiring against you." He stopped and kissed me lightly on the lips. My phone rang just as we crossed the threshold of the establishment. It was Kyle. I had trouble hearing him. While the place wasn't packed, many tables were occupied by families with children—noisy children. I motioned to Larry that I was stepping outside. He nodded.
"Kyle, how are you holding up?"
"I'm… okay. What are you and Larry doing?"
"We are headed down. We just crossed Europe's Bridge and plan on driving straight to wherever you think I need to be." No need to go into explaining why we stopped.
"It's that… things are happening. New details are emerging. I'll be staying overnight in Verona, and I was wondering if perhaps we could meet for lunch in Lazise?"
"Lazise? You know that wonderful old town?"
"I don't. Giada does, and she assures me it's easy to find coming from Trento. I would like to discuss some… possible scenarios… with Larry."
"You know that Larry doesn't speak Italian and this is his first time in Italy, right?"
"Yes, Mother. I'm sure his brain works as well in Italy as it does in the States." 
What?
He must have heard my sudden intake of breath. "Sorry, I didn't mean to sound rude. I'm frustrated by the way the police and the law work here. Can I talk to him, please?"
I looked around, feeling flushed. Caught in my own white lie. Damn. "Actually… uh… Larry had to use the bathroom."
"The—what? Mother, where are you really?"
"Oh, honestly. He had to go; we saw this little place by the side of the road and I'm waiting in the car for Larry to get back." Just then a semi in a hurry drove by so close I instantly stepped back. The idiot at the wheel honked his horn. Great.
"First of all, there are no little places to stop on the side of toll roads, and secondly, if you were in the car your windows would be closed and I wouldn't be risking going deaf by the noise of cars going by. I’m not sure what’s going on, but that's fine. When you find Larry, have him call me. Or not."
Maledizione. I turned to go looking for Larry, who was a few feet away, all smiles walking to the car with what looked like two cappuccini, all steam and foam.
Before he had a chance to speak, I grabbed one of the disposable cups and handed him my phone. "Here, let's get in the car and call that idiot son of mine."
"Your…? What's happening? I was gone five minutes to get us something warm to drink." He unlocked the car. "Is he okay?"
I shrugged, got in, and fastened my seatbelt. In spite of my bad mood, I could see out of the corner of my eyes that Larry was fiddling with the phone. He set his cup in one of the holders and appeared to search for Kyle's phone number. Poor Larry, so cute. I was a true bitch.
"I'm sorry." I put my cappuccino next to his, took the phone, clicked on the callback button, then handed it to him. He took it but didn't let go of my hand. I could hear the phone ringing. I inched toward the driver's side. He freed my hand and encircled my shoulder, pulling me as close as possible in spite of the dividing console.
He was nuzzling my ear when I heard Kyle's voice say, "Hello?"
"Hi, Kyle. How are you? Is your mom giving you a hard time?" He winked at me. "Yes, that sense of entitlement for being in her native country? Oh, I see. Do I need to take notes? Got it. Go ahead. I'm listening."
I relaxed back against my seat. Kyle must have been giving Larry directions to Lazise. I couldn't wait to see Larry's reaction once we arrived there. It was a small, very old town on Lake Garda. Full of history and art galleries. I remember visiting with Mom when I was small, and eating gelato while watching as a wedding party took photos down by the old harbor. It was my turn to visit the place with my son, Circle of life.
"Who is Giada?" Larry had trouble pronouncing the name. "Finally I feel needed. Kyle wants to discuss some of the details related to Pia's accident."
"Officially Giada is De Bernardi's assistant. And her boss seems to run the show from behind the scenes. By 'show' I mean show business stuff related to this movie Kyle is in along with the missing actor, Cruz. Is this making sense to you?"
He nodded. "And unofficially?"
"I think Kyle is having an affair with her."
"And?"
"And nothing. I sort of like her, but Kyle isn't talking about his private life, at least not with me. Sort of like Olivia did to you, I guess."
He didn't answer, but started the engine. I must have hit a nerve. Mio Dio, it was as if I had pulled the freezer door wide open and frosted us into our seats. What just happened? I mentioned Olivia.
"What happened between you and Olivia? Please stop pushing me away. I can see it on your face, and avoiding my eyes isn't working in your favor either. She was probably stressed, scared. Talk to me, damn it." Did I really say that?
"She spat at me." The words came out as casually indifferent, as if he didn't want to show how hurt he was. Poor, poor Larry. I fought the urge to reach out and stroke his arm. I had to let him come to me.
"She probably didn't mean it."
If he heard me, he didn't acknowledge it. The car's speed picked up. And that was the only show of emotion. "Olivia spat on me as the flight attendant charged with taking care of her forced her to board the flight. She spat and said, 'Wipe that up and give it to your buddies at the DNA office so they can let you in on the joke—Daddy dearest.'"
I waited to see if there was more. I had no idea what that meant. Unless—oh, no. "Maybe I'm way off. Honestly, this is confusing. It sounds like you think, or like she said… was she implying you are not her father? Oh, Larry, certainly you don't believe that for a moment. She was angry, lashing out. She wanted to hurt. That's all."
"It doesn't matter what I believe; the doubt is there now, and I need to face it."
"If you had doubts, maybe you should have had a DNA test done when she was born." Why can't I keep my mouth shut?
He turned to glance at me, and this time I was sure he really saw me. He smiled, his eyes as unreadable as the first time we met. "Sweetie, there was no DNA test back then. We're talking over twenty years ago, and frankly, I had no reason to doubt Jennifer." He turned back to look at the road. "All that changed, of course. Nothing I can do about it until I get back to California. I might as well try to set all that aside and enjoy the moment."
"You can do that? Set it aside and enjoy the moment? It would be eating me alive. I would be miserable and driving everyone around me crazy. I—"
"I know what you would do. I've been with you for the last two years, and I'm familiar with your reactions. I also know you wouldn't hurt a fly, not on purpose. My behavior is the result of learned discipline and surviving skills. And by the way, I like you just the way you are."
I got all choked up and punched his arm lightly to deflate my emotions. 
"Oh, spoke too fast, I think you just killed a fly." 
We drove the rest of the trip in a comfortable silence.


TWENTY-TWO

Lazise did not disappoint. We parked the Mercedes as instructed, found Kyle waiting for us, and after exchanging the traditional greetings we headed toward the small harbor. This was my first true leisure time in Italy with Larry.
We walked hand in hand under the ancient arched portals, like any typical couple, except there was little that could be defined as typical in the present situation. Our steps resounded against the cobbled streets. I sensed Larry's interest by the way he looked around, hardly speaking. It was the same reaction I had when I visited with my mother so long ago.
I was also aware of the deep sadness lingering in my son's eyes. Pia's death affected him more than I would have guessed by the way he spoke of her while she was alive. We cut through the historical center of the small town. Traces of its Roman past were still visible on walls and buildings.
Giada, wearing a tailored black pantsuit, sat at an outside table of La Grotta Restaurant. Her green eyes were more striking than ever, thanks to the simple outfit and little makeup.
The glass-enclosed patio faced the small harbor and the old dockyard.
A Monday in mid-October guaranteed us a quiet lunch. Kyle made the introductions; two stem glasses with ruby-colored liquid were on the table where Giada and Kyle sat. Aperitif.
Great, I could use one. I knew deep in my soul that Giada and Larry were studying each other. I went only on instinct, as both of them would make great poker players.
She took charge of ordering, her familiarity with the place and the menu quite evident by her lack of indecision.
"Finally a place where everyone understands me," Larry said.
"Understands your language." Giada's comment, so uncalled for, breathed some frost on the mood.
That didn't stop Kyle from pulling out a sheet of paper and a pen, scooting his chair closer to Larry's, and writing a few names on the paper. Was he starting his own investigation of Cruz's disappearance? Was that the reason he wanted Larry's company?
"Kyle, what are you doing? Are you dragging Larry into this mess?"
He looked at me for so long I didn't know what to make of it. His stare was so intense I found myself getting nervous. Nervous because of my son? Enough nonsense.
That was when he spoke, choking on his words. "I need to do something. The guilt is eating me inside. I introduced Pia to Cruz. I feel responsible for her death. Helping her relatives for the transport of her body back home isn't enough. If Cruz is alive, I must find him. I need to know what happened. Was there something I missed? Could I have helped prevent the tragedy? Pia is dead. Roberto is still in the hospital, and you, my mom, have been vilified just for being the last one to see Cruz, or so they assume. His disappearance seems to be the logical link"
"Who is Roberto, and why is he in the hospital?" Larry's question indicated he was more than willing to get dragged into the mess. Of course.
"Cruz's agent. He tried to commit suicide. Apparently he paid Augusta, the concierge, to keep an eye on Cruz when he stayed at the Chioggia condo. She told Roberto something was going on between Pia and Cruz. She didn't know what but overheard a conversation about a trip. Roberto dismissed the whole thing as just another of Cruz's sexual escapades. Now he feels guilty for not having looked into it and perhaps preventing it," Kyle said.
"He was paying that witch?" My cheeks on fire and my voice quivering with outrage were enough for three pair of eyes to shift and stare at me.
Kyle nodded. "Has been for years. He was safeguarding his main source of revenue, although I think he genuinely loves Cruz like a son. He has been his agent from day one."
The cameriere arrived with a tray of drinks. We toasted to Italy. Larry sipped his Campari. His expression relaxed. He liked it.
Kyle went on. "When the Italian cops analyzed Pia's and Cruz's cells, the only phone calls were to each other for the last few hours. And that was right after the evening of the spilled wine." He looked at me. "The same day Mom arrived. Cruz made a phone call to Roberto late that evening, and I have to assume it had to do with the boat and the trespasser. After that, he only exchanged calls with Pia. Both cells stopped receiving and sending messages on the same day, same time, approximately twenty-four hours after Cruz's call to Roberto."
"Kyle, how do you know all this? Are Italian detectives generously sharing information with persons of interest?" Larry sounded like himself, a cop.
A priceless smile lit up Kyle's face. He glanced at Larry in a devilish way. "Yes and no. There is this one detective. Well, I don't know what his Italian title is. Anyhow, his father is Italian, American mother. He earned his degree in criminology from UC Irvine, then decided to settle in Italy. I met him while I was waiting to see Pia at the hospital. He came to talk to me after she passed. I mentioned your name and the fact that you were a short distance away." He turned to me. "I didn't say a word about you, Mom. Everyone thinks you're still holed up in your room at the Century."
A platter of food deposited in the middle of the table stopped the conversation. I was ready to eat and curious as to what Giada had ordered for us to share. A bottle of mineral water followed shortly, a basket of rolls and two carafes of wine. Would we drink local products? After all, we were in the province of Verona. The town exported wine all over the world. I transferred some sopressa from the platter to my plate and couldn't wait to try the bread. Heavenly.
Larry followed my lead; he examined the sopressa.
"It's homemade," I said. "Probably by some local farmer. You don't find that type of salami in the States."
He took a bite and nodded his appreciation.
Giada smiled.
"My dear, I'm so impressed. You even know about local food." I liked her more every minute.
"I spent many summers on Lake Garda. My family has a place on the other shore."
She poured sunlight-colored wine into our glasses.
Other people sat at tables in the regular dining room, but we were the only ones on the patio. Perhaps it wasn't a coincidence. Perhaps Giada arranged for us not to be interrupted.
The temperature was perfect, and I liked watching people walk by. From there I could see the same spot where the bride and groom had been photographed that day when I strolled with my mother. I had been taken by the bride's dress, white and long, and ruffled like the dress my older cousin wore for her first communion. I had wanted to stop and look. My mother had practically dragged me along, and I'd let my ice cream drip on my Sunday clothes.
All those memories, hurling at me. I longed to run outside and chase moments long gone. I didn't. Music came from overhead speakers, stirring more buried emotions. I couldn't tell the words or the singers, yet I knew I'd heard it all before.
Stay focused on Kyle and Larry, and stop thinking about the past.
More platters of food arrived with cooked cutlets, roasted potatoes, and polenta. My stomach growled. I would have to pace myself. I wanted a taste of everything. This was like old times back home, family meals at the local trattoria.
I should have been firmer and insisted with Nick that he let our son visit my mother during summer vacations. But I hadn't. Now my mother was gone, and Kyle had missed getting to know the Italian side of his family. Tears welled in my eyes. I kept chewing, not wanting anyone to notice, but I wasn't sure will power alone would stop the flow. I excused myself, grabbed my purse, and went looking for the bathroom.
The black and white sign with a large arrow next to the letters WC was easy to spot. Only four tables were occupied in the main dining room—no, five. At a corner table sat a lonely man. There is one of those in every public place.
Men left door, women to the right. The bathroom was spotless and the piped music louder. I still couldn't catch all the words of the song, but the voice was unmistakably that of Lucio Battisti. Damn. More ghosts from the past. I spent time splashing cold water on my face and composing myself.
I wasn't going to be poor little Lella again. When I knew it was safe to go back to the table without breaking into sobs, I ran the comb through my hair and left. I opened the door and nearly knocked someone to the ground. What? The man excused himself, and I watched his brown leather coat disappear into the men's room. Strange. Was he just standing there? Couldn’t he read the signs?
I crossed the dining room on my way to the patio and noticed the corner table where the lonely man had sat was now empty.
I hadn't been missed. Larry and Kyle seemed engulfed in animated talking and happy eating. Giada winked at me, nodding in the men's direction, as if she and I shared some endearing secret, and in a way we did.
She brought a finger to her lips as if hushing me, then pointed the same finger toward the potted plants on the other side of the glass enclosure. I stretched my neck, curious to see what she found so interesting. A cute black cat played with a dry leaf that must have fallen from the plant. As a light breeze lifted the leaf, the cat leapt, but missed as the leaf moved farther away.
Oh, God, why? I had just gotten over remembering Mom and now the black cat? Really?
"You like cats?" I asked Giada—anything to avoid thinking about Flash.
She nodded. "Kyle told me about your furry baby back home," she said.
Giada reached over and patted my hand. Coffee arrived. The waiter walked over to Giada and whispered something in her ear. She nodded. "Si, certamente." 
What was she agreeing to?
"Kyle"—she brushed my son's arm to get his attention—"you have an admirer who would like your autograph. Our waiter is bringing a cocktail napkin for you to sign. Okay with you?"
He blinked like he didn't know who she was talking to, then his face lit up. "Oh, sure, of course. I'm still not used to being asked for autographs when I'm in these types of surroundings."
My son, so humble. I wanted to hug him. Instead I sat and rejoiced.
"Lella." Finally Larry seemed to remember me. "Kyle would like me to go with him and this Italian-American detective to search for Cruz."
Was he kidding? Search for Cruz? Where? Italy is not that small. I kept staring at him, not sure what to say. The cameriere was back and Kyle wrote something on the napkin, to the obvious delight of the waiter. I bit my lips, waiting for the man to leave.
"Kyle, where are you planning on dragging Larry to look for Cruz?" It came out a little stronger than I wanted. Too bad.
"My friend the detective has a theory that since Pia's car was found in the vicinity of Trento perhaps she was headed toward that fantasy cabin. You remember? The baita I told you about."
"Your friend the detective? Really? Let me see if I have this straight. You, Larry and the detective will go back to Trento and roam around back roads looking for Cruz. What? You'll take turns calling his name in the wind?" 
Giada muffled a giggle.
Apparently I made my point. Kyle darted me an ugly look.
"Lella, don't take out your frustration on Kyle. He is trying to make himself useful. The sooner they solve Cruz's mystery, the sooner everyone's life will be back to normal. The man didn't just disappear into thin air."
"What makes you think Cruz was with Pia?"
"His phone was in her car. Remember?"
"What else was in her car? Suitcases? Food? What? If they were planning to spend time together, they would have at least a change of clothes. When a woman knows she'll be spending the night with a man she packs toiletries, nightie." I suddenly remembered my first night with Larry. The only thing I had with me was the lipstick and comb I always kept in my purse.
Blood rushed to my cheeks at the memories. Our eyes met, held. I knew Larry was well aware of my state of mind. I shut my mouth and sat back sighing. May the floor open up and take me. Damn. Thank God no one but Larry would understand the reason behind such a high degree of discomfort.
"Kyle, your mom has a point—how come they didn't find any of Cruz's belongings outside of the phone?" Larry's voice didn't give away a thing, but his eyes…
He couldn't fool me, not this time. There was enough want smoldering behind his thick lashes for us both to burst into flames.
"Should I make a note to ask the detective?" Kyle paused, lowering his eyes. "There's something else. What if Cruz was in the car when it went off the road into the ravine? What if he was thrown out and landed in a place hard to access? What if—"
"Son." That was Larry calling him son. "Don't torture yourself. If that's the case, there isn't a thing you could have done about it. Okay?"
The silence that filled the room was bursting with questions. There weren't any answers. We all knew that.
I turned my attention to Giada in an attempt to ease the tension. "Are you going with them?"
"No, I drove myself here, and I'm planning on circling around the lake to check out my parents' place. Care to join me?" she asked.
I didn't answer. All the emotion of the day had piled up inside me, so high I had to do something before I suffocated in my own sorrow.
"That leaves two cars," I said. Both men looked at me, their discomfort and curiosity easily read on each of their faces.
"Yesss," Larry said slowly, his eyes on me.
Kyle jumped in. "We can leave one of the cars here. Don't be concerned about the cars, it's just that—like I said—everyone thinks you are in Venice, and—" 
"Can I borrow your car?" I interrupted.
In the silence I heard Kyle swallow hard.
Larry rested his elbows on the table, fingers entwined, his chin on his knuckles and without flinching said, "Would you like to borrow the Mercedes?" If unspoken questions were light bulbs, Larry's would have lit up the whole piazza of Lazise.
"No, I would prefer the Ford. It's automatic and it probably operates a lot more like my Mustang than your German car, but thank you for offering." I waited for Kyle to start breathing normally. I could tell he was in a state of shock.
"Mom, how—you can't—your driver's license, you don't have an International driver's license and—"
"She doesn't need one; I happened to check before leaving to make sure I was within the law." Larry to the rescue.
"Thank you for the vote of confidence." I smiled at him.
Poor Kyle deflated. His glance went to Giada. Finally he let out a loud sigh. "Where are you planning on driving?"
I cleared my throat, not wanting emotion to spoil the moment. "I'm going home. Where I was born. It's long overdue."


TWENTY-THREE

I can do this. The old commercial mantra, "Never let them see you sweat," twirled in my head while I concentrated on getting to the Autostrada Brescia-Venezia. Most Italians knew it as La Serenissima, in honor of Venice's old glory days.
Today Venice's glory came mostly from tourists' money and their hurry to get to it before it sinks. Concentrate on driving, Lella.
In the rearview mirror I watched the Mercedes pull away.
I was on my own. For an instant, euphoria trumped anxiety, then the light changed from red to green. I tapped the accelerator and entered the toll road while sweat drenched my body. Hot flash or reality settling in?
I can do this.
I would have to remember, no passing from the right lane. Stay out of the way of fast cars. How? Every car was faster than the Focus. I was so traumatized by my first time driving on the Italian highway, my knuckles on the steering wheel were whiter than Tom Cruise's teeth.
Talk about trauma; poor Kyle had tried really hard to keep his cool while he transferred his belongings from the Ford to Larry's car. He'd gone as far as hunkering down to move the driver's seat forward to accommodate my short legs. I could imagine what went through his mind. His mother driving his leased car, a car she wasn’t familiar with on a road she hardly remembered among Italian drivers known for being extremely aggressive.
Larry had stood back and watched. His eyes had made a sweep of the car, my son, the road, and… me. When Kyle was done with all the shuffling and preaching, Larry had given me a hug and whispered, "Stay safe."
For a moment I'd wished I could take him with me, but I didn't. This was my time.
They escorted me all the way to the entrance of the autostrada, where Larry turned his car around and headed to the meeting with the Italian detective. I drove in the right lane. It had to be for slower traffic, right? Like in the States? Not a big deal. I was starting to relax. All I had to do was stay in the same lane until I reached the Montecchio exit, get off, and turn right.
I'd be on my way home. And then what? I had no idea who I would find in my small town. The last factory closed in 2006. Everything was outsourced, just like in the States. We even sold Mom's house after her death.
I wanted to go to the cemetery and lay a potted yellow chrysanthemum on her grave. Two weeks away from November second, the Day of the Dead, a big day for cemeteries all over Italy. And a great day also for Italian florists.
I had decided my mother's grave wouldn't be the only one without flowers, not this year. That was the main reason for borrowing the car, or was it? I needed some me time. To be alone. To make sense of the last eight days of my life. The new people I'd met. The new places I'd discovered. The old fears I'd constantly refused to acknowledge.
In retrospect, I had overreacted to Larry's trip to Florida. I'd rushed to conclusions, and somehow my conclusions had never been the easy or pleasant kind.
Pia's sad, sad ending was also on my mind. What an unnecessary tragedy. She was such a young, vibrant woman. Stop it, Lella, you hardly knew her. And if I were honest, I had to admit I liked Giada a lot more. How could I be so cold and heartless? Pia was dead and deserved some respect.
The world around me seemed darker now, and not only because of my thoughts.
The sky had turned gray, that solid cold gray that usually preceded—snow? Impossible. What would I do if it snowed? I needed to find where to turn on the windshield wipers, and I had never ever driven a car in the snow.
Verona Ovest zipped by while I mentally debated the different scenarios in case of snow. How far to Verona Est? A sound came from somewhere in the car, a joyful sound. Music. Where was it coming from? The radio was off. There it was again. Could it be—a phone? My phone?
I kept my eyes on the road, searched inside the purse with my right hand, and found the phone. It wasn't ringing. The music came from under my seat or at my feet, some-where on the floor.
My nervousness went from ten to ten thousand in a nanosecond. What should I do? Just like that, it stopped. A long sigh slipped from my lips. I glanced around as if afraid someone knew. Knew what?
And the music started again. I swallowed hard. I needed to pull over, find the phone from hell and make it stop. Maybe I could park in the emergency lane for a minute and find the phone. I wasn't even sure it was a phone. I had to do this.
Cars buzzed by me. My dilemma meant nothing to anyone. I put my signal on for the lonely, beat-up car trailing behind me. That poor soul must have been as intimidated by the road as I was. The car had been in my rearview mirror from the time I entered the autostrada. I hadn't thought about that before, but for some reason I did then. It had been back there the whole time, hadn't it? Strange.
Lella, don't start that.
I inched into the emergency lane. The beat-up car had no choice but to pass me on the left. As it drove ahead, the man behind the wheel craned his neck to check out my car. Maybe he wasn't a stalker. Maybe he was a Good Samaritan, concerned about my safety. He slowed down but didn't stop. I kept perfectly still, tempted to write down the license plate.
Write it down? With what? Your finger, Lella? Get over yourself.
The car sped ahead, and I caught a glimpse of the plate. I couldn't see all the numbers, but the car was registered in the province of Venezia. Whoa! What a relief. It made sense. After all, this was the Brescia-Venezia autostrada.
I didn't dare open my door. At the speed the crazy Italians drove by, I was bound to end up with a three-door sedan. I kept the engine running and slid my hands around the driver's seat, sides first, then as far as I could reach under the seat. Aha. Something was wedged between the floor mat and the seat. It must have happened when Kyle pulled the seat forward for me.
It was a telefonino, a cell phone as quiet as a mouse. Quiet for now. Good. I could leave it on the passenger seat, and if it rang again, I could easily answer. Excellent plan, but whose phone was it? This was Kyle's car. Could it be Giada's phone? Poor Giada. What if she were trying to reach Kyle? I should check it out, for Giada's sake. It was a pretty generic piece of electronics—no pink cover, no rhinestones, nothing to help identify the owner. I pushed a button and the screen lit up. I clicked the call back on the last number showing.
It rang twice then, "Hello?"
Oh my God. Kyle. I was right. This was Giada's phone.
"Hi."
"Mom?"
"Yeah, it's me… I—"
"How did you get my phone?"
"Your phone?"
"Whose phone did you think it was?" 
"Huh—Giada?" Silence.
"Lella, where are you?"
"What? Larry? Are you two playing games with me?" I was tempted to open the window and toss the phone out. Idiots, stupid sense of humor. I could have had an accident. Doing what? "Lella, please tell me you are not driving and talking on the phone?" Mister Lawman.
"Of course not." My shrieking tone wasn't going to help. The man knew my limitations. "I'm parked. I didn't know where the noise was coming from. It drove me crazy. Do I need to turn around and bring back the phone?"
"No, no." That was a rather forceful no. Why? What were they doing they didn't want me around? "Don't worry about returning Kyle's phone. He can use mine. He must have dropped it when he moved your seat. If it rings again, just ignore it. Better yet, do you know how to turn it off?" I heard voices in the background. "Kyle suggests you turn off the phone. We are headed to Trento." To look for Cruz? Based on the finding of his cell phone in her car. That was when it hit me.
"Wait, Larry wait. What if—picture this—Pia drove Cruz somewhere, maybe to the fantasy cabin she told Kyle about. They unloaded their stuff, and she was on her way somewhere else when she realized Cruz's phone was in her car. Kyle said Cruz never went anywhere without his phone. If she left him in some rustic cabin, the phone would have been his only means of communication to the outside world." I had to catch my breath, I was that excited.
"Go on." The snake charmer's voice. Larry also thought I was on to something… oh my God. Oh my God!
"Pia would have made a U-turn to take the phone back to Cruz wherever he was. And it would explain why there was no luggage or anything else belonging to Cruz in her car besides the phone. Maybe it was the U-turn in the rain and darkness that killed her." I was out of breath, too much adrenaline.
I could picture Larry mentally analyzing my scenario. Why was he so quiet? What happened to the background voices? Quiet as a tomb. Stop it.
"Not bad, not bad. Let me run that by the people here."
"Who are you with?" I glanced at the side mirror. A car was coming at crazy speed. It looked like a… damn… Polizia Stradale. "Sorry, got to go. Ciao." I buckled up, gingerly turned on my turn signal, and put my car in drive. Too late—the Italian Highway Patrol automobile drove up right behind me. And it was hard to ignore. Unlike the Carabinieri's vehicles, this one was neon blue; sort of reminded me of the California sky.
What now? I had zero experience regarding Italian police. Naughty or nice? I was about to find out. A young man in a snazzy uniform and black boots to die for came around the passenger side of the Focus and knocked on the window, motioning me to roll it down.
"Signora"—he lifted his hand toward the visor of his hat, but didn't touch it—"tutto bene?"
"Signor Ufficiale." I had no clue how to address him. I called him Mister Officer, and he reacted with the shadow of an amused smile. He probably thought I was an idiot. An entertaining idiot. I was about to prove him right. "Signor Ufficiale, devo prorpio andare al gabinetto di brutta." I rocked back and forth in my seat to convey the idea of how bad I needed to use the bathroom. "I'm calling information to see if there is a public bathroom not too far. I'm a tourist."
He bought it. Turned out there was a major rest stop just a little way ahead. The highway patrol with the fancy boots and hat got into his flashy BMW and escorted me to the place with bathrooms. He instructed me how to get back to the autostrada and on my way to Venice. So why are Italians always complaining about their cops? Had I been really headed for Venice, I might have offered him a drink.
Instead I thanked him loudly, locked Kyle's Focus, and headed toward the building, making sure I walked a little hunched over and with stiff legs. I was so pleased with my performance, I almost forgot about the dark sky.
It was hardly the kind of rest area I had imagined. I was rediscovering my own homeland. Hundreds of cars and SUVs filled the lot, and I noticed two tourist buses. One was a double-decker. Really? From London? The gas station to the side could serve twenty cars at a time, and the building itself was a combination restaurant, souvenir and grocery store. I assumed there would be plenty of bathrooms, for a fee.
Before I reached the last row of parked cars, the cop's BMW sped away into the autostrada. Automatic streetlights came on in response to the diminished daylight rather than the hour of the day. I was feeling good about my decision, glad I did this. I should have rented a car the minute I got off the plane and gone to visit relatives instead of imposing on Kyle.
As I approached the main entrance, I noticed a beat-up car parked in the front row. It looked strangely familiar, an older vehicle showing its age. I glanced at the license plate without slowing down. Province of Venezia. The tailgating car.
An unexplained pang of anxiety landed on my chest. Memorize the number on the plate. Write it down once you're inside. Even better, write it down while you're sitting on the toilet. Good. I kept repeating the numbers to myself and walked by without hesitation. There was movement inside the car. I stepped up my pace.
Once I reached the main entrance to the restaurant, I looked back. A man was busy locking the car. He wore a brown leather coat.


TWENTY-FOUR

It couldn't be.
I hurried inside, looking to blend in with the crowd and hoping to feel reassurance from the presence of so many people. But I couldn't help myself; I kept looking back. Was he following me? Why?
He wasn't a policeman; at least I didn't think so. Had he followed me all the way from Lazise? From the restaurant? Hell. Maybe all the way from Innsbruck. How could I be so stupid? And how about Larry? He was a cop. He should have been aware of this kind of stuff. What if the man were the lover Olivia wanted to stay with? That would make sense. Perhaps he assumed I was Olivia's mother?
Stop it, Lella.
He walked slowly, staring straight ahead. I could see him clearly from where I stood pretending to check out some Italian magazines, my eyes on the glass windows opening into the parking lot. I was so shaken by his presence, I had no idea what magazine I pretended to read.
He could take all the time in the world. Where was I going to hide? With only one way in and probably only one way out, all he needed to do was wait.
He appeared to be in his mid-twenties. Kyle's age. Brownish hair and a medium build. Nothing particularly out of the ordinary set him apart from other men his age. If not for the brown leather coat, I would have not suspected him to be the same person sitting alone in the Lazise restaurant, the same man I bumped into by the bathroom. Of course, now I knew that was no accident. He was spying on me. I felt trapped, trapped in a public place among hundreds of people speaking dozens of languages.
I should call Larry. Stop it, Lella.
He stood inside the large glass doors and seemed to blink, probably looking for me. Well, I wasn't going to make it easy. I turned my back to him and kept fingering the magazines. My stomach in a twist, I felt his approach. With a long, vocal sigh, I turned and headed toward the bathrooms, passing just inches away from him. Panic flared in his eyes. I was about to enter the expanse of the women's room, and once again he would be left waiting outside.
Italian public bathrooms, while substantially different from the ones in the States and a hassle due to the exact change required for the user fee, had one factor in common with the public bathrooms back home—always more women than stalls. Today that was a plus. I could wait. I had all the time in the world. Well, sort of it. I needed to share the license plate of my stalker with someone, just in case.
In case what? Get real. I waited for my turn, and once I made it inside the toilet, I sat and pulled out my phone. I would speak to Larry. This was the perfect place to do it. Fewer women here would understand English than Italian, I hoped.
It was Larry who answered the phone. I don't know why I felt lucky. It was his phone I called, after all.
"I need you to do me a favor." Straight to the point, this wasn't the place for pleasantry. "Do you have something to write with?"
"Lella? Where are you? What are you talking about? Are you still parked on the emergency lane?"
Damn, here we go with the million questions.
"Never mind all that. I need you to write something down, now. I don't have much time. It's a license plate. Are you ready?"
"Sweetie, tell me you aren't getting into trouble." His best snake charmer's voice since his arrival in Europe. Impressive.
"Really, Larry? You are so predictable. Are you going to help me out or do I need to call 113 or whatever the emergency number is around here?" I figured by now even non-English-speaking women were listening to my shrieking. The last thing I wanted was to attract attention. Yep, I was really good at that.
"Okay, give it to me. I'll have Kyle write it down." He shifted gears, now all business.
I repeated the numbers twice. "It's registered in the province of Venice. I'm not sure about the make of the car, but it's an old vehicle."
"And you know all this because?"
"Because the jerk has been following me. You know? T-A-I-L-I-N-G me? Ever since Lazise."
"If you knew you'd been T-A-I-L-E-D since Lazise, why didn't you say something?" He was good! I even felt a little pang of affection tugging at my heart.
"Long story, don't have time to go into details. There is a throng of not-so-happy women waiting outside my stall door."
"You are calling from a public bathroom? Damn, Lella, what have you gotten yourself into?"
"I'll be waiting for a call back. So hurry up. I'll go sit at the bar for now." When I opened the bathroom door, I was greeted by solemn silence as the line of women parted to let me through.
Because it was late afternoon, the bar wasn't that busy. I crawled up onto one of the stools, mentally cursing whoever came up with that concept. Certainly not a person with short legs. I ordered a cappuccino and, while I waited, surveyed the place to see where my stalker had parked himself.
Too funny; he played busy looking through magazines, or pretending to, just as I had. How pathetic. He couldn't even come up with his own spying technique? The barman slid the steaming cup in front of me. I loaded it up with artificial sugar and real cocoa powder.
I felt eerily calm and in control. What was that American cliché? The calm before the storm. Yes, the perfect metaphor. Had I been a gambling woman, I would have bet Larry wouldn't be the one calling me back.
At this point in our relationship he wouldn't try to trick me into anything. He would probably have the Italian detective call me, hoping to extort information. Yes, any minute now they would call, unless they were out in the boonies without access to the police information grid.
I felt the halo of foam left around my mouth by the wonderful cappuccino. I licked it off. Who cared? No one knew me and I would probably never come this way again. I'd slurped up all the frothy stuff and was looking at the dressed-down coffee and milk—really all cappuccino is made of—when "California Girls" interrupted my analysis of this important Italian beverage.
Luckily for me, I hadn't placed that bet. Larry was on the phone. "The Opel is registered to a Nicola Martori, and it's a Chioggia address. Do you want me to spell the name? Do you know him?" He said it all in a very polite and impersonal way. What was he up to? "How is the information going to help you?" No sarcasm. Amazing.
"Nicola, huh?" I twisted to look at the man in the brown leather coat. My cheating dead husband's name was Nicholas. Bad omen?
"Yes, Nicola." He waited. I liked the way he pronounced the co in the name.
"Larry, you don't need to be concerned about me. I'm at one of those fancy rest areas typical of Italian autostrade. What is he going to do? Kidnap me? We are surrounded by lots of people. His options are limited, and I know how to scream in Italian and English." My attempt at humor was wasted on Larry.
"Are you planning on waiting him out? Even if it means spending the night there? I assume they are open twenty-four seven." He had a point. A damn good point.
"Huh. I haven't gotten that far. I'll think of something."
"Of course you will. That's the part I'm most concerned about. I'm up in the mountains of Trento with Kyle, the detective and a special group of Carabinieri. We have a map of all the structures in the area, even the ones that have been abandoned by the owners for years. We are going to check them all. I'm told some are only accessible on foot. I'll let the Carabinieri find those. I'm not up for the task. Would you like the detective to send a patrol car to escort you over to Giada's place?"
"No." I looked up. Brown coat was on the move. "Got to go. You be careful out there."
I could hear Larry cussing when I disconnected.
Nicola Martori was now in the line waiting to get into the self-serve section of the restaurant. I left a tip on the bar counter, lowered myself back to earth, and hurried to line up with the hungry crowd. Mistake. That wasn't where he was headed at all. Instead he stepped to the side and sat at a small deserted table, which probably gave him a sweeping view of every angle.
Smart. What now? What was I going to do? I tracked back to the magazine rack, well aware of brown coat's eyes on me. This was getting old. I hesitated only a second, grabbed a glossy publication, paid for it, folded it under my arm, and walked straight to the stalker's table.
The expression on his face was priceless. I thought for sure someone would have to sweep his eyes up off the floor if they bulged out a little more. His face turned ashen, and even without my glasses, I could see his lower lip tremble.
I stopped in front of him and in my sweetest voice I asked, "Excuse me, is that seat taken?" I pointed to the chair directly across from him.
I guessed he still hadn't found his voice, because he shook his head, his eyes avoiding mine. His hands gripped the edge of the table.
I smiled, unzipped my jacket, plopped down, and crossed my legs, relaxed and comfortable—a person set to stay for a while. His Adam's apple bobbed fast and furious, like a drop of water on a hot skillet.
A sense of power came over me but left just as quickly. I opened the glossy magazine. It would be the ideal prop for me in this game of cat and mouse, and it didn't hurt to know I was the cat.
Forgive me, Flash.
The magazine fought back; it wasn't willing to stay open. I used both hands to flatten it. The table was so small the spread-out pages took up most of the surface. I felt the man's eyes following my every move. He was even more transparent than I. He seemed to suddenly stop breathing. I looked up and saw him staring. At what? The magazine? What was so special? And so I checked it out.
Augusta the concierge, not looking much like the concierge I remembered, smiled at us from the center page. Her hair was dark, not gray, and combed in a sort of fluffy soft look around her face. She wore makeup. A light blue shirt was revealed beneath a darker jacket. The professional photo showed her from the waist up. Apparently she had been interviewed by the magazine. The headline read, "Could Cruz Have Been Saved?" The next page had a small headshot of Kyle and several pictures of Cruz—Cruz on his Gemelli, Cruz walking on the beach.
I was dying to read the article, but even more I was interested in why the story produced such a strong reaction from this man. Did he know Augusta? Cruz? He couldn't possibly know Kyle or my son would have recognized him at the restaurant, unless he didn't see him there.
Could he have been following the Focus thinking Kyle was at the wheel? Oh, maybe he was the admirer asking for the autograph at the restaurant. So many questions.
The only way to find out was to ask.
"Did you know this Cruz? This movie star?"
He nodded, his Adam's apple still bubbling and his eyes wide open. He was looking at me like I was the executioner ready to end his life. I had seen that kind of terror in very small children exposed to terrible noises or horror scenes they weren't prepared for, and also in the eyes of puppies at the pound. I'd gone to offer my services as a volunteer, only once. I hadn't been able to go back. The eyes of those puppies on death row traumatized me for months. I even bought a lottery ticket to see if I could win enough money to take them all home, even knowing full well a new wave of puppies would replace the rescued ones.
It was to those eyes that I spoke. "Nicola, why are you so frightened?"
"You know my name?"
"I do. What I don't know is why you are following me."
He covered his face with his hands, and I heard a quiet yelp. "I am so sorry." His words were muffled through his hands. I couldn't see his eyes. "I don't mean you harm. It was never about anyone getting hurt. Oh my God, I'm so sorry."
Up close I could see he was younger than my Kyle, but a short stubble made him look unkempt, older. Now I noticed the worn patches on the leather coat, as worn as his old beat-up Opel. I reached out and tapped his shoulder, hoping he would remove his hands and talk to me. Instead he sort of collapsed, laying his head on his arms. He sobbed.
I waited. My back was to the room and the people coming and going. I faced a wall and a young man crying his eyes out in front of me. Everyone was probably asking what the hell I said to him. They might even have assumed I was his heartless mother.
"Look, Nicola, I'm not here to judge you. It would be better if we could talk about this. Maybe I can help you, but I need to know how deep you are into this… situation." I had to choose my words carefully, as I had no idea what he did to land himself at this table crying like a lost child. I pulled some clean tissues from my purse and set them by his elbow.
After what seemed like a lifetime, he picked them up, raised his head, and wiped his eyes. He blew his nose and finally looked at me. "It was her idea. She asked my mother to send me over. They go to the same mass on Sunday, you know. So I went to see her."
Who was he talking about?
I nodded knowingly.
"She knew a lot about me, about my new job. She said she could make me famous, the most famous reporter in Italy if I did what she told me. She would share a secret about a very famous person. She was the keeper of the secret and would share with me because I had a bright future, she said. She also wanted money. Money for the secret of the famous person. It took me a while, but I was finally able to borrow enough money to convince her to tell me the secret." He paused and again hid his eyes with his fists. I assumed the famous person would be Cruz, but I still couldn't see the connection between Cruz and Nicola following me. Also, who was this "she" he gave money to? Pia?
Why was I sitting there listening to this man? I had to get into my car and make it to my hometown before nightfall. The last thing I wanted was to drive a car that wasn't mine on dark, unfamiliar roads.
"I didn't know you recognized me." His inner pain tainted his voice.
"Um, sort of." I had no idea what he meant by "recognize him."
"Signora, you understand. I didn't know it was you. She told me there would be a woman, but no names or anything else. I really thought you were his lover." He looked me straight in the eyes. "Well, are—were you Manuel De La Cruz's lover?"
"No, of course not. Why would you even ask such a thing?" Where was he going with this? So he thought I was Cruz's lover? How? When? And then I knew.
But Nicola wasn't looking at me any longer. He stared at something or someone somewhere above my head, and panic spread from his eyes to his lips.
He turned to me, a smirk on his face. "You tricked me. And I thought you were different. I thought you were going to help me."
He stood abruptly, taking the table up with him. It dropped back and hit my knees. The pain was so intense I crouched down, holding my legs. I wanted to wail, and all I could do was watch his back disappear into the crowded restaurant.
What spooked him? I still couldn't stand. I cradled my knees, hoping they weren't broken. But if Nicola got away, how would I get the rest of the story? I forced myself to straighten, grabbed my purse, and reached for the magazine, still hunched over.
Holding on to the chair, I managed to move ever so slightly, then BAM, something or someone hit me from behind. I landed on the marble floor on my knees.
This time I cried out. A hushed calm had overtaken the place. I twisted around to see who hit me. I couldn't move. The highway patrol cop in the snazzy uniform who escorted me to the rest area was busy dusting off his jacket sleeve. He wasn't even bothering to see if I was hurt.
"Signora York." He remembered my name? "I am sorry. I was chasing a suspect and didn't see you. Are you okay?"
"No, I'm not okay. I think my knees are broken. But never mind, you go ahead, go catch your suspect." I figured I would somehow get to the car and disappear. I had just about enough. Plus, we now had a name, Nicola Martori, and his address. I had no doubt he was the trespasser who took that picture that night on Cruz's boat.
"No need to rush after him, by now he should already have been apprehended." 
"Oh? By whom?"
I was still on the floor. The jerk didn't even offer me a hand. I finally managed to get myself on the chair. My legs shook; one of my shoes had fallen off. What a mess. Just then, two other uniforms came from the restaurant. Brown leather coat walked between them, all slouched over. His head hung so low, his hair had fallen over his eyes. But he wasn't handcuffed, and I didn't see any guns drawn. So, what was really going on? The trio stopped by Snazzy.
"Hi, Nicola," I said, hoping to cheer the poor boy. I turned to the cop who'd decked me; he appeared to be the one in charge. "What's going on? Where are you taking him? What did he do?" Finally my stalker looked up, and the surprise on his face was genuine. He seemed to notice me for the first time, and I could tell he now considered me to be on his side. Whatever side that was.
"Signora York, he is going with us to the Verona police station, and so are you." 
What did he just say?
"Huh, I would like to help you out, but I can't. You see, I'm driving my son's car, and he would be very, very upset if I left his car somewhere in the middle of nowhere. I'm sure you understand, Signor Ufficiale?"
His smile was very different from the way he'd reacted the first time I addressed him as Signor Ufficiale. He must have talked to someone about Nicola, about me. But who?
"No problem, signora, I will have one of my men drive your son's car back to the station. Your son can come and pick it up. See? He will not be mad at you." His eyes never smiled. How was I going to get out of this? And why did he insist on taking me to the police station? Was he arresting us? Did he think I was an accomplice? Maybe he assumed I got down on my knees to stop him. That would explain why he didn't offer to help me up. What now? I had to think of something. Ah! I was an American citizen. All right. Let me get my passport from my purse and see how quickly I was let out of there. And then I remembered the passport in my purse was burgundy, not dark blue, and the golden letters spelled out UNIONE EUROPEA REPUBBLICA ITALIANA.


TWENTY-FIVE

We sat next to each other in the back seat of the flashy BMW. While there weren't any visible restraints, bars, or glass panels separating us from the driver and passenger up front, we didn't land there by choice. There wasn't much in common between the interior of this Italian police car and its American counterpart. Of course, my knowledge was limited to what I saw in cop shows and movies.
A new-car smell lingered in the closed space, and white noises came from the dashboard radio or whatever gadgets they used to communicate with other units.
I had my own entertainment in the back seat. Nicola cracked his knuckles. First one hand, one knuckle at a time. Done? Moving on to the next hand. I wanted to scream at him to stop, but what if he did then started to cry again?
Crack, crack.
Kyle's Focus, driven by one of Signor Ufficiale's minions, followed at a short distance. My son's phone and all my belongings were in the car. Damn.
My knees hurt. The left one was swollen. I assumed they weren't broken but didn't know for sure. I was running on anger and dreams of revenge. My only diversion at the moment was a mental exploration of a hundred ways to kill Larry, for I had no doubt this elaborate escort was the direct result of his meddling in my life.
He must have quickly bonded with the Italian detective to get the Polizia Stradale to run interference for him. His death should be slow and painful. Better yet, I would torment him first by disrupting his picture-perfect daily routine. I had the key to his house, and I wasn't afraid to use it. I imagined myself wearing dark overalls as I slipped into his kitchen and sprayed mud-colored paint all over his pure white walls then pouring strong, dark tea on his precious white towels. But wait—what could be better than removing the labels from the frozen yummy meals his cook prepared in advance? Except—if I did that I might as well return the key, because he always let me pick what we ate. Okay, scratch the last one.
All was quiet in the car.
Nicola had either fallen asleep or run out of knuckles.
The silence felt more eerie than the cracking.
He cleared his throat. "Did you hear that noise?"
"What noise?'
"Like, hard to explain. Sounds like a ticking clock. Or a bomb."
I stared at him. "Are you crazy? I don't hear a thing. Not funny."
"I'm not trying to be funny. Why are you here?"
"Here? You mean here in the car? Or on my way to the police station like you?" 
"Both, I guess." He spoke in a whisper, as if we were in church.
"Truth? I'm clueless. Maybe they assumed I'm your accomplice because I was talking to you."
"Accomplice? Of what?"
"Why are you asking me? What did they say to you when you got arrested?"
"Arrested?" The pitch in his voice rose. "Certainly you're joking. I don't know where you are coming from, but this is not the way people get arrested in Italy."
"Oh. How do they get arrested in Italy?" I was certain the two uniforms up front were listening to every word we said. Maybe that was the purpose of this forced ride. But to accomplish what?
"I don't know. I have never been arrested, never been in trouble." He cracked a knuckle. Damn. "This is not right. I haven't done anything to deserve this. I'm a reporter, and—"
"You are?" So I was right. Nicola was the creep who sneaked up and took the picture of Cruz's boat, the same creep who ruined my vacation. Okay, part of it. The rest I did myself. "Let me guess. You were the trespasser who sold the unauthorized picture of Cruz to a smut magazine."
"I wasn't trespassing; I had the owner's permission. Permission? I had her blessing. Plus, that's my job. That's what I get paid to do."
Owner? Then I was wrong. It wasn't Augusta who sold out Cruz. Certainly this young man would know the difference between a concierge and an owner. "Oh, I'm impressed. You work for a so-called magazine, and you know the French heiress."
"I'm freelance. There is more money in it. With what I got for that picture of you and Cruz, I was able to pay back my informant and also buy myself a car." He sounded so satisfied with himself he forgot to crack his knuckles.
Car? Did he mean the beat-up old Opel? He spent his just-earned money on that? "Wait, wait. How many people were involved in this… expedition… to the underbelly of the palazzo?"
I sensed his eyes on me, but the car was cloaked in darkness so I had no idea what was going through his mind.
Finally, he said, "You speak funny, you know that?"
Yes, I know that. My Italian is somewhat rusty, and my English? Well, at least Americans seem to find my manner of speaking charming.
"Augusta is a friend of my mother. She is my informant. She's also the owner of the place. Okay, not the whole palazzo, not yet. She will be soon, though. She is the one who told me where to find Cruz and… the woman. Come to think of it, she told me that a day earlier. According to my notes, you weren't even in Italy then. Did you call in advance?"
My head was spinning. Either this man was an idiot who just blurted out whatever fool ideas popped into his head, or I was the idiot—apparently not the only one.
Could Augusta have fooled us all? Why? She must have earned a nice salary. She received plenty of goodies from Cruz, and possibly from other residents. She even collected money from Roberto to keep an eye on Cruz, and not to forget what she made selling Cruz's private information to this—this—freelance something or other. I hated to call him a reporter. That would make a joke of the whole world of journalism.
What was I missing?
The BMW slowed down. I looked out. We were exiting the autostrada. I couldn't read the directional sign. Where were we?
"Excuse me."
I tapped the driver's shoulder.
He answered without turning his head. "Pazienza, Signora York, siamo quasi arrivati."
Almost there? Where?
The simple gesture of moving forward in my seat sent sharp pains from my knees to my hips. Curse the damn Polizia Stradale. I sat back and decided more creative ways should be found to punish Mr. Larry Devin.
Nicola's voice was sad. "What do you think will happen to my car?"
I had forgotten about Nicola's Opel. It was left behind at the rest area. His first car, poor kid.
"If you locked it, it will probably be okay," I lied. How was he going to get back there? And why bother to drive the Focus back? What if they weren't real cops? Stop it, Lella. "Nicola, were you following me because of Augusta? Why did she want you to track me? I have nothing to do with Cruz, the French heiress, or the condo. So, what's this all about?"
"I believe you, but then why are you sitting in the police car with me if we are both innocent?"
"No, no, you haven't answered my question. Why were you following me? What is it you wanted?"
"To find Cruz, of course. According to Augusta, sooner or later you'd end up where he was, and I would be right behind you reporting the discovery. First to break the news, only available photo." His voice rose an octave, and I would have just bet his eyes sparkled. The man was delusional.
"You still believe that?"
"It doesn't matter what I believe. You aren't going anywhere, and neither am I. The clock is ticking, and Augusta's big bonus is about to expire."
"Augusta promised you a bonus if you found Cruz?"
"Sort of. A foreign company wants to buy the palazzo to restore it into a luxury hotel. That would be great for Chioggia, but because of an old law, there must be an Italian partner in the corporation or no deal. They brought in Augusta. In exchange, she agreed to convince the different condo owners to sell their place to the foreign investors. They all did except the woman who owns Cruz's condo." That explained the lack of parked cars and the general sense of neglect. "Something about a promise to the actor. I don't know. Augusta figured if we made Cruz's life in Chioggia miserable, he wouldn't come back. The Frenchwoman would sell. Instead he disappeared and left all his stuff there. The investor offered Augusta a bonus if she closed the deal by the end of October. That's why it was so important to find him. I would get a cut of the bonus."
Oh my God! Talk about la-la-land. No way. Although, all things considered, the story could make sense. Up to a point.
"How could all this scheming, buying and selling of condos go on without Cruz having been aware of it? How could he not know Augusta was trying to force him out?"
"Because he comes to Chioggia and only stays in his condo or only goes out on his boat. I had no idea he was ever there until Augusta had me over and showed me the place. She let me see his closet and his awards. She has keys to everything and locks the room up when he isn't around. It's his fault for not mingling with the locals like your son did."
Ah, what a nice thing to say about Kyle.
It dawned on me that Larry should have checked in by now, if for no other reason than to congratulate himself on yet another successful rescue of poor Lella and the apprehension of her dangerous stalker.
"Well, for a reporter, freelance or not, you are not up to date with the news. Certainly you must know that Cruz's phone was found in Pia Bartolomei's wrecked car? She died without regaining consciousness. My son, my boyfriend, and a whole group of specially trained Carabinieri are up in the mountains looking for Cruz, dead or alive."
"You have a boyfriend?" That's all he got of my elaborate speech? "Who is Pia Bartolomei?"
"She is—was—a reporter for RAI TV."
Why was he asking me these questions? Did he not read the latest development regarding Cruz's case? Did I? Now that I thought about it, I hadn't seen anything about Pia, not in the papers or on the news. How was that even possible? The woman worked for the biggest media corporation in Italy.
A wave of heat hit me right then. I fanned myself with the magazine I had bought at the rest area. My hands felt sweaty, and my knees hurt even more. The two up front had not exchanged a single word, but the car was slowing down. I turned to see if the Focus was still behind us; it was.
We entered a fenced lot in what appeared to be an industrial area of Verona. Other bright blue cars were parked there, and they did say Polizia. I guess snazzy uniform was the real deal. He parked the BMW in front of a two-story building with all the windows brightly lit. He got out of the car and opened my door. His partner let Nicola out. From the corner of my eye I could see the Focus being parked on a side lot. What time was it? I had trouble standing up straight, and I practically dragged my left leg.
Something must have snapped in Signor Ufficiale's consciousness, because he slowed down and finally offered his arm. "Signora York, it looks like you are having trouble walking. Perhaps we can have a nurse take a look at you."
I darted him the meanest look I could muster, but he had moved on and was no longer paying any attention to me. A true bleeding heart. The shuffling of Nicola's and his escort's feet sounded behind us. There was something so wrong about the whole picture that at this point I hoped for Larry's phone call. Why wasn't he calling me?
The two steps up to the main entrance were pure agony. We entered into a large room with many empty desks. A policeman sat behind what must have been a receptionist desk and another cop, hips leaning against the desk, seemed busy talking to him. They both stopped and openly stared at our quartet. They nodded to Signor Ufficiale. He nodded back and motioned for us to follow him. We walked through a room full of what I assumed to be televisions hanging everywhere. I quickly realized they were screens, showing images captured by cameras everywhere along the autostrada. One showed the rest area where Nicola left his car.
I had no idea. Had they been watching us? But why? Enough nonsense. I needed answers. Now. I didn't know the name of the officer who drove me there. I tried to catch up to him while feeling the stares of the other cops.
I turned a corner and found myself in a waiting room. It reminded me of the waiting rooms in American hospitals with couches and chairs—not too comfy but better than standing around. This room had a television and soft lighting.
The officer pointed to a chair. "Signora York, please make yourself comfortable. The comandante will be here soon."
He turned and left. Where was Nicola? What did this comandante want from me? I literally collapsed on one of the couches. Sitting sideways, I managed to pull my left leg up. It seemed to ease the pressure on the knee. Five minutes went by, and I decided I should call Larry.
Just then Nicola showed up. He looked much happier than in the car. No knuckle cracking. "They are bringing us some panini," he said and sat on a chair opposite from where I sat. "How is your leg?"
"I'll probably need to see an orthopedist. I hope nothing's broken. Do you know where we are? What do they want from us?"
"We are at the Verona office of the stradale. I assume they have questions regarding Cruz."
"Come on, Nicola, what do you think the highway patrol cares about Cruz?"
"I don't know. You said there was a wreck, that his phone was found in the wreck."
I hated to admit it, but he sort of made sense. I tried to remember how car accidents were investigated in the States. By the highway patrol? I didn't know. Time to call the expert. The panini arrived, looking really good. And Signor Ufficiale brought some mineral water and an open bottle of red wine. What was this? Our last meal?
"Mangiate, mangiate che il comandante sta arrivando."
We followed the suggestion and ate. They couldn't possibly have had a kitchen in the building, could they? I didn't care; the bread was deliciously crunchy and soft, just the way I liked it. Nicola must have been famished. I was still working on my first sandwich as he finished his second one.
And "California Girls" chimed.
Nicola looked at me, mouth open, eyes even more than the mouth.
I laid my half-eaten panino back on the tray, smiled at him, then answered.


TWENTY-SIX

"Hi, sweetie, you made it there okay?"
Nicola chewed quietly, probably studying my every move, my every word.
"Lella, can you hear me?" Genuine concern in Larry's voice, had to give him that.
"I can hear you loud and clear." Breathe, Lella, breathe.
"You sound… angry. What happened? Please don't tell me you're still sitting in that rest area with the man you think is following you."
"Good one, Larry, I like your sense of humor."
"From anger to sarcasm, what's going on? Where are you?"
"Where am I? Ah! That's my line."
"Fair enough, I'm in Trento. Search has been called off until morning—however, we made progress." He spoke with pride, as if he were one of them, the Carabinieri. Talk about bonding. "The special search team thinks they are on to something. They located an abandoned cabin, but they called it something else—"
"Baita."
"Yes, exactly. It's empty, and by the time they got there it was dark. Anyway, they're leaving two people behind. In the morning another group will join them to see if indeed Cruz was there. Of course, we were hoping to find the man. Police work is the same regardless of country. I'm waiting for Kyle to make up his mind where he wants to spend the night, it's either here courtesy of the Carabinieri or we drive back to Lake Garda to Giada's place." It was so endearing the way he pronounced Garda and Giada, I almost forgot how mad I was at him. "How about you? Do you have a place for the night?"
"Funny you should ask."
"Lella, what's going on? What's with the attitude?"
"Attitude? How dare you? You know damn well where I am. That was fast; first day in Italy and you get me picked up and put away." Silence. I waited. And waited.
"Once again?" This was the voice of enough-nonsense-Larry. "Lella, where are you?"
What if he really had nothing to do with this? What if he didn't know where I was? Oh my God. My heart began to hammer… what if?
"I'm somewhere, a police station." There was no more room in my voice for any further righteousness or a cocky attitude. "Nicola, do you know for sure if we are in Verona?"
"Whoa. Nicola? The stalker? He took you? Oh, Lella, I'm—"
"No, Nicola is like me. We are—prisoners, sort of."
"Parlate Inglese? Quello e' il tuo boyfriend o tuo figlio?" Nicola's eyes lit up.
"Is he talking to you? What is he asking you?" Larry's voice had that calm and detached tone I've known him to assume when he was really upset.
"Nothing, it's nothing. He is curious because I'm speaking English. They brought us here together from the rest area."
"Who, Lella? Who brought you there? And why? They must have given you a reason."
"I thought it was you. This is so confusing."
"What's the stalker—Nicola. What's Nicola doing?"
"Eating." The absurdity of the situation began to dawn on me. "Listen. Let me tell you what happened." I gave him the highlights.
"They drove the Focus back to where you are? Okay, I need to figure out what's going on. I'll talk to the detective. Don't hang up; he may have questions." 
"Okay, okay." It was not okay, not at all.
Nicola watched me, his sandwich gone, his face sad, the kind of sadness that comes when one's acknowledged defeat.
"Lella." Larry was back. I heard voices in the background and thought I recognized Kyle's. "Were you stranded on the autostrada? Did you get rescued by a—an Italian highway patrolman?'
"First of all." Just the facts, ma'am. "I parked on the emergency lane to look for the ringing phone. And then a highway patrol came up and so—I—he escorted me to the rest area then he left."
"Yes, she's saying a patrol car escorted her to the rest area. That's correct." Who was he talking to? "I'll ask. Then what happened?"
"I called you from the public bathroom. Remember? Told you where I was and what I was doing." I didn't want to mention Nicola's name. I didn't want him to know what we were discussing. "At some point, I'm chatting with—you know who, and—"
"You were chatting with the stalker?"
"Can you just listen? It's not the way it sounds. I mean—anyway, snazzy uniform stormed in with two other cops, knocked me to the ground, and here we are."
"Snazzy uniform? What do you mean he knocked you to the ground? Wait."
He was talking to someone in English. I could hear something else, a funny clicking in my ear, Larry's voice from far away. "No reports of any disturbance on the autostrada? She said the rest area, outside Verona I assume." 
Click, click.
"How is it possible that there isn't any report? I'll ask her." Larry's voice… so far away… going… going… gone.
"Nooo."
"Signora, what happened?" Nicola rushed over. So did someone else, a policeman I hadn't seen before.
"What's going on?" the officer asked.
"My phone. It's dead. Nicola, do you have a phone?"
"I do. It's in my car."
"I'm here to escort you back to your car." The policeman spoke to Nicola.
"How about me?" I asked.
"Your car is here, parked outside, Signora York."
"Yeah, and you have the keys. I would like to get going, if you don't mind. I have a long trip ahead."
The man avoided my eyes. "Our comandante should be here shortly." He turned to Nicola and motioned him to follow.
"Nicola, let me give you my phone number. Damn, no, wait. Wait, I'll give you Larry's number."
"Who's Larry?"
"A detective," I said slowly and clearly. "Do you have something to write with?"
"I'm a reporter," he announced proudly, pulling a pen and paper from his brown leather coat.
I reeled off the number, and he kept on writing as the policeman dragged him out of the room.
"Hey, wait," I called after them. "I need to use the bathroom. Now. Please, got to go."
The cop looked at me without an ounce of sympathy. He moved away from the door, still holding on to Nicola's arm. "End of the hall," he said. "Hurry, I don't have all night."
I grabbed my purse and my dead phone and followed the direction of his pointing finger.
Four stalls lined one wall. The place was barren but clean. I wondered how many female employees worked in the building. I picked the last stall, as I planned to sit there for a very long time. I wanted to see who would come to get me. The lock didn't latch.
I used the toilet and, once done, sat quietly and waited. Lella York, the self-proclaimed queen of passive-aggressive behavior. I should write a book on the subject. Someday.
I didn't hear the door open. The staccato click of high heels against tile, however, perked up my attention.
So they did have women working here. What kind of uniforms did they wear? I wanted to see without being seen. I could peek through the crack between the stall door and hinges. Maybe it wasn't a woman cop. The tall blonde wore a black tailored pantsuit and—oh my God—it was Giada.
Calm down, Lella. Calm down.
My first impulse was to push my stall's door wide open and rush to hug her. But something kept me from doing it. How had she gotten here so fast? Fifteen minutes ago I was on the phone with Larry, and he had no idea where I was. Even if he had known, even if he had sent her, how could Giada get from Garda's far shore to Verona so quickly? Impossible, even by plane. No way.
She went into the first stall. I held my breath. What was happening? Why was she here? To rescue me or to throw away the key, so to speak? She came out, washed her hands, examined her lipstick, fluffed her hair, then pulled a phone from her bag. Who was she calling?
Apparently no one. She held the generic piece of electronics with both hands. I could only see her profile. The phone looked a lot like Kyle's. What? Identical phones? Sort of sweet. Focus, Lella. She clicked then waited. Oh, she was checking her messages. Got it. Finally she dropped the phone back in the purse and left.
The phone chimed just as she reached the door. She fished in her bag again and pulled out a slick, black shiny object. A different phone.
"Hi, babe. Okay. Your mom?" She moved as she spoke, then was gone. The door closed softly on her back.
What had just happened?
She had my son's phone. How? I'd left it in the Focus. The light edginess I felt when I first saw her grew inside me like boiling water in a covered pot, ready to spill over any minute. And the heat was real. I was suffocating. I removed my jacket, blotted perspiration from my temples using toilet paper. I had to get out of there. What if they were looking for me? She would know I watched her snoop on Kyle's phone. Who was this woman? What did she want from me? From us?
I stepped out of the stall. Not even stopping to wash my hands, I tried to fan myself while rushing back to the room I had come from. It was deserted. No Nicola, no cops. The tray with the leftover food and drinks, all gone. I sat on the same couch as before and realized my knee must have improved, for the only thing I could feel was this heat radiating from my body.
I was trembling. My heart rumbled in my ears. I moved off the couch. I had to do something. That was when they came in. Giada and a man I'd never seen before.
He wore a uniform like the other cops but with more—something—concentrate, Lella… red stripes, small stripes. Il comandante. He must have been the boss they'd told me to expect.
I gave Giada my best imitation of a smile.
She walked over, took my hands, and kissed my cheeks. "Lella, you poor thing. Kyle told me what happened. I am so sorry. Got here as fast as I could. But now we can drive to my place. Your son and your detective friend are on their way there. Everything will be all right."
I was speechless, and that was a good thing as the word bugiarda formed on my tongue, fighting to be said. Calling her a liar out loud wouldn't have helped. Wouldn't have shed any light on this woman's dark soul.
"Giada, the battery on my phone is dead. It's always something." Was that relief brightening her lovely face? "Do you have any idea why the police brought me here? No one would talk to me. There was a young man, also. Nicola. Nicola Martori."
"Oh, yes, the troublemaker." Troublemaker? "Did you know he was the paparazzo who took that awful photo of you and Cruz on the Gemelli?"
"Yes, as matter of fact I did know, but it's okay. Augusta the concierge was behind the whole thing."
She blinked, possibly not having anticipated such an answer. "Everyone was concerned with your safety. Didn't you tell your American detective that you were being followed? Certainly you should have known they would spring into action. Once the police were sure Nicola couldn't do you any harm, they let him go, and here I am, to take you home." A short laugh. "My home, for now." She turned to the man. "Comandante, if you give us the keys we'll be on our way." Big smiles all around. Was she asking for the keys to the Focus?
"Assolutamente. Let's go get the keys." More smiles.
I wanted to scream for them to stop the comedy, but I remembered that old saying, you catch more flies with honey than vinegar, so I smiled back.


TWENTY-SEVEN

She steered the Focus as if she'd done it her whole life. I sat in the passenger seat, hoping to be invisible. Kyle's phone had been in the car exactly where I'd left it. Was I wrong about Giada? Maybe she had two phones. Maybe she was in Verona when Kyle or Larry or somebody called her and told her about my plight. But how did she get to the police station? Only yesterday I'd been fantasizing about her as the mother of my grandkids. I was so confused. And so tired.
"You look tired." She echoed my feelings. "It's been a very long day for you. Luckily a friend gave me a lift, so you don't need to drive, relax. It's a short ride." 
I kept quiet and watched the green signs of the autostrada fly by.
"Mrs. York—Lella, have you considered moving back to Italy permanently?" 
"No, of course not." My alertness level jumped to new heights.
"Huh, because of your friend the detective?" Where was she going with this?
"Partly, but mostly because of Kyle. He is my only family, my whole life." I found myself choking up. Maledizione.
"What if he decided to stay?"
"Stay? Why would he? All he's been talking about is going back to California to read the new scripts his agent received." Was I hallucinating or was the woman smiling? She certainly perked up. What did I say that made her so happy? Maybe it was the headlights from the passing cars, playing tricks on her profile.
"Kyle is a great actor. He could have a bright future anywhere and especially here, with Cruz out of the picture and a—"
"My God, Giada, you speak as if Cruz is dead."
"Oh, no, no." Alarm in her tone. Interesting. "You misunderstood me." 
No, I didn't, you little witch.
Before I realized it, we passed Peschiera. I had to admit Verona and Lake Garda weren't that far from each other. Maybe my suspicions were wrong. Still.
"I meant that, due to Cruz's behavior, the studio I work for will very likely not renew his contract." Her voice had regained its typical coolness.
"That's too bad. You may be right. He may be dying somewhere or dead already. Look at poor Pia."
She didn't answer, but even in the dim glow of the dashboard I could see a muscle twitch at the corner of her glossy lips. What was eating at her? There had to be something going on. Why did I feel it was no coincidence I found myself on my way to her house instead of driving myself back to my hometown?
Was it she who saw to it the police picked me up at the rest area? How? She had no idea where I went, where I was.
The silence in the Focus grew suffocating, I wanted to tell her to stop the car and let me out. Just then I heard the click of the turn signal. We had arrived… somewhere.
* * *

It didn't matter that only eleven hours had gone by since we had all been together, it felt like a lifetime.
Larry and Kyle arrived at Giada's place at almost the same time we did. The small house sat high on the hills before the turnoff to Desenzano del Garda. It must have been in her family for a very long time. I couldn't tell about the outside because of the darkness, but the shiny wooden floors looked like the kind my grandmother had in her house, the house that was her father's before it was hers.
No one was hungry; we had drinks. I returned Kyle's phone to him just as a call came in. He looked at the number and excused himself, stepping out onto the small covered terrace with the view of hundreds of twinkling lights down by the lake.
I sat on a velvet-covered sofa, next to Larry, who played with my wrist and the palm of my hand. "I can't believe you befriended that stalker." He leaned over and brushed my hand with his lips, his eyes riveted to mine. What was he trying to tell me? We knew the house only had two bedrooms, and Larry had quietly set my overnight bag next to his in the smaller room. I still felt funny sleeping with Larry under the same roof as Kyle.
My son had never brought any female overnight guest to my house either. Sort of an unspoken rule. Sounds came from the kitchen, where Giada busied herself rinsing glasses and cups.
Kyle came back in. I could tell something bothered him. "Is everything okay? Who would call you at this time of night?"
"Mom, it's daytime in California. Carolyn." He wasn't very talkative.
He seemed to have aged some in the last few days. Could it have been a consequence of watching Pia die? That was possibly the first time he had seen death so close and personal. His dad was already dead when Kyle got the call, but with Pia it was different. He witnessed life escaping her body. He watched helplessly and would probably carry an unjustified sense of guilt with him for years to come.
"Is something wrong?" Giada came from the kitchen. Her face also had a shadow that wasn't there before. Kyle shrugged. Something just happened, and everyone seemed to know about it except me.
"I need to get back to Venice in the morning." Kyle stood in the middle of the room, his back to me. "I'll be checking out of the Century. How about you, Mom?"
"I—I probably will too. What about you and Larry helping to find Cruz?"
"I've done all I could. They located the baita I told them about. It's out of my hands. I don’t see what else I could do, probably just getting in the way of the trained experts. Anyhow… I'm done."
Done? Did he mean done with Italy? Judging by Giada's expression, she thought that was what he meant. She didn't look too pleased.
"Okay, then, see you all in the morning." And with that, Kyle went to bed.
The disappointment on our hostess's face was so obvious I felt sorry for her. "Do you need any help in the kitchen?" I asked, anticipating her answer.
"Thanks, no. I'm going to sleep also. It has been a very emotional day. Feel free to help yourself if you need anything. Buonanotte." She turned off the kitchen lights. "I usually leave the side lamp on." She left the room.
Larry put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close. His lips in my ear, he whispered, "Do you think she has cameras in every room? Shh, smile, just in case."
Chills ran up the nape of my neck. I hoped it was his idea of being funny. If not, what did he know that I didn't?
The hardest part was calming Larry when he saw my purplish, swollen knee after I undressed.
"Who the hell did this to you? Cop or no cop, this isn't right."
"Larry, please. It wasn't intentional." Or was it? "I trip-ped and he bumped into me. It's over. Let's forget about it."
Mumbling his discontent, he turned off the light, and we snuggled under the blankets. Our room was opposite Giada and Kyle's, with the living room in between. Unless we shouted or the place was bugged, at least we could talk without our conversation being heard. Regardless of all that, I still felt funny about sleeping with Larry with my son just feet away, and not funny in a good way.
"Why that remark about cameras? Were you poking fun at me?"
"No, nothing entertaining about that blonde. Now don't make yourself crazy. Kyle is on to her. Didn't you find it strange that two minutes after you pulled over on the autostrada a highway patrol was breathing down your neck? Think about it: how many highway patrol cars have we seen all the miles we've driven? None. That's right."
"Oh my God, that explains it."
"Explains what?"
"He didn't ask me for anything—no proof of insurance, driver license, nothing. And I thought he was charmed by my personality. But why? He escorted me to the rest area and left."
"That was probably Giada's caring about your safety. If we assume she had a tracking device on the car and knowing you were alone, she may have been concerned something had happened and sent the highway patrol to check it out."
"Sent the highway patrol? What? Is she their boss or something? She snaps her fingers and voila?"
"Pretty much so, according to the Italian detective. It isn't she but the corporation she works for that holds the power."
"Okay, so what happened the second time when three cops showed up and chased poor Nicola then dragged us both to jail? Okay. It wasn't a jail, and we really weren't dragged, but it could have gone that way."
He laughed that low laugh that made me want to grab him and kiss him all over. "Ah, sweetie, you have yourself to blame for that. Remember when you called from the public bathroom and wanted me to check out that license plate? How did you think I was going to do that? I might have connections in California, but here I'm just another tourist. I asked the detective to do it. The minute he entered the numbers in the system, someone must have tipped off Giada. Keep in mind she had to know who sold Cruz's picture on the boat. With their paid informers, that would be easy to find out." He moved his leg slowly so as not to bump my sore knee. I quivered at the contact. "Now the same man showed up at the rest area where you were. Warning signals must have gone off in her head. No one knew my soft-hearted sweetie had bonded with her stalker."
"You would have done the same. The poor kid was crying his eyes out, and it was all the concierge's doing. He reminded me of Kyle."
"I got it. But the cops didn't know any of this. Their mission was to save the damsel in distress. I doubt the swollen knee will appear in their report anytime soon. Not that a report will even be filed, the way I understand the system. After our conversation from the police station when your phone died, you had me very worried. Kyle, too. By then the cabin—baita—had been located. We were packing up, and the Italian detective decided to make a phone call. Someone owed him a favor. Right away we knew where you and Nicola were, and we got a little bonus. Giada was there also in a special room, listening to every word you two said."
"That witch. I knew it. But why? Wait, you mean she knew I was hiding in the bathroom when she came in?"
"You were hiding in the bathroom? What's with you and public bathrooms? Lella, honestly, this is all I know, but I have the feeling a lot more is going on. The Italian detective told Kyle where Giada was, and a lot more. Kyle and the detective seem to get along well. When their chat was over, all I can say is that Kyle looked… old.
"When Kyle called Giada to go pick you up, he pretended not to know she was already there. Personally, I don't think this is connected to Giada's corporation. I think she orchestrated this whole thing on her own."
"While I was hiding, I watched Giada check messages on a cell phone. I'm pretty sure it was Kyle's. But I had left his phone on the seat of the Focus, and when we got the car back it was there, just the way I left it."
"If she was checking and possibly deleting your son's messages, she didn't know you were watching. That's what I mean. This is about Kyle. She is a very clever lady and gets paid big bucks to do what she seems to do so well. But again, I think she is using her connections to keep Kyle here. She's a woman in love." He said love as if it were a dirty word.
"You never liked her, did you?"
"She's a tall blonde. I'm partial to petite brunettes." He whispered in my ear. And after that I knew we weren't going to get much sleep, swollen knee or not.


TWENTY-EIGHT

I dragged myself out of bed and into the kitchen, craving coffee in the worst way. Kyle was on his way out the door of this fabulous little house with the postcard view of everything wonderful about Lake Garda.
His hair still damp from the shower, he seemed in a big hurry. It was barely seven a.m. Hmm, not like he had a job to go to.
I went to hug him. "I guess I'll see you in Venice. I'll get Larry up, and we'll hit the road. Drive safely. Maybe we can get together for lunch?"
He nodded, obviously distracted by whatever was going through his mind.
Giada looked like she needed a good night's sleep, but was still beautiful without makeup and wearing a pale green robe. She walked him to the car.
There was such a lingering sense of doom in the air I wanted to get out of there as fast as I could. What was going on? I hurried back to the bedroom and found Larry all packed, dressed, and ready to go. I was stunned and was sure he could tell.
He hugged me. "Sweetie, we can have breakfast on the road if you don't mind. Did you see Kyle?"
I nodded. "He just left."
Larry smiled. "Let's follow his lead. Can you get dressed? I'll pack your stuff."
My heart skipped a beat. Nick, my deceased husband, always packed for our travels, and I unpacked. I went to get some clean clothes. No way would I wear the same pants I had on yesterday when I fell and hurt my knees.
The smell of fresh coffee came from the kitchen. Giada, still in her pale green robe, greeted us and set some cute mugs on the small kitchen table.
I looked at Larry. I wanted some coffee. Without a word he sat and said, "I take mine black." His eyes let me know I owed him one.
We drank our coffee quickly then went out the front door. Before Giada went back in, Larry said, "I need to get gas and maybe air in my tires."
"Before you hit the main road, there is a gas station. You can check your tires also."
He nodded at her sad face. I couldn't stand it. I turned around and gave her a big hug. She stood there, limp, then without a word she closed the door.
"Let's go. She is probably on the phone calling the cavalry."
"Oh, Larry, what are you talking about?"
"Nothing. Let's get going. We need to make up time." 
"What for?" I fastened my seatbelt.
He leaned over and kissed my lips softly. "Did I tell you how sweet you are and how much I love you?" He shifted gears, and we started down the peaceful hill, back to reality. "You know, we should come back here, just the two of us, for a real vacation." His eyes were fixed on the winding road. His hand carefully caressed my injured knee.
"I would like that. I would like that a lot. Do you know we never flew on a plane together?"
"We are flying back together, aren't we?"
"What about your rented car?"
"I can leave it at any Italian airport. It's in the lease contract."
"Good."
A few minutes later he pulled into a gas station with easy access. He went straight to the air compressor.
"Don't you need gas?" I asked.
"No."
"But you told—"
"I know what I told Giada." This was the voice of Detective Lawrence Devin. What was he up to? "You can stay in the car."
Indiana Jones himself couldn't have kept me in the car. I got out and watched Larry squat down to get a good look at each of his tires. Must be serious. A few times, he knelt and ran his hand underneath the car, around the tires.
"Okay," I said. "I may not know about cars, but I'm not that stupid. What are you doing?"
He stood, towering over me, lifted me, smacked a kiss on my forehead, then put me back down. "Checking for bugs. I mean—"
"I know what you mean, a car tracking device. I watch detective shows too."
All I got from him was a spontaneous eruption of laughter. "Let's go, and no, I don't need any gas. I said that in case she is on her terrace with binoculars."
"Okay, mister, I want to know what's going on."
"I already told you she has help from the Italian police. According to the detective, it's not unusual. Big corporations send monthly checks to one of the higherups. In return, they get favors when needed. Giada is the face of De Bernardi and his corporation. She calls in the favors. However, something else is going on, a bit more serious and very personal. We're meeting Kyle before he gets on the plane."
"What plane?"
"He didn't tell you? Ooops. He is flying back to the States. His flight leaves in… four hours."
"What? Oh my God, I didn't even say goodbye to him. How about Giada, is that why she was so sad?"
"Calm down. Giada knows nothing. That's the plan. She may have enough influence to stop him from leaving, even if only temporarily. Hang on, let's see what this baby's got under the hood, and you can ask Kyle yourself in about twenty minutes."
Unbelievable. He pulled into the same rest area where I'd had my first chat with Nicola, but he drove into the gas station area and parked to the side. I noticed the Focus.
"Lella, stay calm. Your son has enough drama of his own. Okay?" He stroked my cheek with the back of his hand, a show of affection I'd come to cherish.
We got out of the Mercedes, and Larry walked up to Kyle's car, squatted down, and repeated the same thing he did to his car.
The whole time my son avoided looking at me. Was it something I did? Said? What?
"Yes, got it." Larry squatted by the passenger side of the back bumper. He looked up. "I suggest you leave it where it is. If she figures out it's gone, she'll find an excuse to send her beloved highway patrol after you."
Kyle nodded, all life drained from his already somber face.
"What are you doing with the car when you get to the airport?" I asked.
Finally he acknowledged my presence. "Mom, I'm planning on driving the Focus to the Garage San Marco reserved parking spot and leaving it there."
"Are we taking you to the airport?"
"No need to. My friend, Marco, remember him? The water taxi captain? He collected all my belongings from my hotel room. He's waiting at the parking garage. He's driving me. I would like to go inside for a cup of coffee, but this is the only spot I found without cameras. Just playing it safe. Don't want to end up like Pia."
"What are you saying? You scare me to death."
He looked at Larry. "Pia kept a diary, planned on turning it into a book. The police returned it to her family before they figured out what was in it, or maybe the Trento cops aren't on the take… yet. I suggested the cousin make copies and contact the Italian detective to see if there's any way to bring charges." He shrugged. "Giada offered Pia a contract: convince Cruz to disappear for forty-eight hours as a publicity stunt for the release of our movie, The Lost Heir. In exchange, Pia would have worldwide exclusive rights to the first interview when Cruz was found and rescued. Giada and Cruz have a long history of bad blood. She considers him 'high maintenance.' He dislikes all young independent women, plus the fact that she constantly monitored his actions. The cops are taking another look at Pia's brakes. Accident or not, I bet Giada was hoping Cruz had been in the car when it went off the road. All his contracted work has been sent to Carolyn. The part has been retooled for me to take over his roles. Creepy, right? Hell no. I'm not coming back here. Okay, then." His phone went off. He took it out of his pocket, looked at it, and put a finger to his lips to shush us. "Hi, Giada. I'm at the rest area outside Verona, getting coffee." He rolled his eyes. "What? When? They found Cruz?" He glanced at us, animated. "What do you mean he found himself? Oh, I see. Three o'clock, main room at the Century Palace. Got it, I'll be there with my best smile. No problem. See you then."
For a moment we all stared at each other, speechless.
Kyle spoke first. "Well, you heard the news. Cruz is safe and sound somewhere in Trento. A limo is picking him up and taking him to the Century to freshen up and prep for a big press conference this afternoon at three. By then I should be changing planes in London. I've got to run, but you two should grab a drink and watch the star's rescue on television." He winked. "He is a good actor." He gave me a quick hug. "See you back home, Mom, and please, behave?"
I was getting all choked up, damn. "Wait, wait… Kyle, when you get to the parking lot to leave your car? Can you do me a favor?' "What is it?" He fidgeted with the car keys.
"Remove the tracking device from the Focus and stick it under the nearest tourist bus? If it's from a faraway country, even better."
He was still laughing when he closed the driver's door and turned on the engine.


TWENTY-NINE

"Do you think Kyle made his flight?"
"Lella, he was so determined to get out of Italy, nothing could stop him. In all fairness, I think Giada is in love with him."
"So? Since when does being in love give you license to destroy other people's lives? I bet she kept me at the police station with Nicola to make sure he didn't know about her role in Cruz's disappearance. Conniving bitch."
We were approaching the causeway taking us to Piazzale Roma, where we could leave the car and hop a boat to the hotel. It dawned on me this was the first time Larry would see Venice. I kept quiet and studied his reaction. He squinted against the noon sun glinting from the polished surface of the waters flanking the bridge.
"Wow! This is so much better than the pictures. Wow." His voice low, trailing on the last wow. He reached over and squeezed my hand. Showing emotion always made him uneasy.
I laughed, a joyful laugh. "You'll love Venice. We need to decide what to do next. I'm not staying at the Century. All I want to do is get the few things I left there in case someone goes to check. Whatever we do, I must go back to my hometown if only for a day. I owe my mom a visit to her grave."
"Sweetie, this is your home, you decide."
"By the way, what did you think about Cruz's impromp-tu television performance?" We had just a glimpse of it while sipping cappuccino at the rest area.
"You mean about him getting lost in the woods after waiting for the love of his life to show up at the baita? Bunk. When the cops found the place, whoever was staying there had only been gone hours. My guess is Cruz noticed the Carabinieri vehicle in front of the cabin and decided to be found in a more dignified way. The impromptu television interview must be his idea of dignity. I bet he had no idea what happened to Pia. Let's see how Giada spins this one. Oh, I can see the steeple. Is that what I think it is?"
"Larry, calm down. We'll end up in the water. Where are you leaving your car?"
"Same garage as Kyle; he gave me all the details."
"Sounds like you two got along fine."
"He's a nice kid and thinks highly of you." He frowned.
Was he thinking about Olivia? "Larry, have you heard from your daughter?"
"We are not going to talk about Olivia, not now. It's out of my hands for now. Okay?" He sounded sad but determined.
I nodded. "I better make sure I still have keys to the room." I fished in my bottomless bag and my fingers met the cell phone. The dead cell phone. "I'm not going to bother with this again. Agree?"
"It's up to you. We can use mine. Kyle knows the number."
Larry had just locked the car when Marco showed up out of nowhere. I only recognized him because of the navy-blue uniform with all the gold buttons.
"Mrs. York." He touched his captain's hat, very impressive. "Kyle made his flight. He sends his love." His tone very formal, his eyes smiling. "I'll be happy to give you and your companion a ride to the hotel"—he winked—"and back if you so choose."
What was it about men and speedboats? Just like Kyle, Larry stood up front, next to Marco. Even if I could only see his profile it was obvious how much pleasure the ride and the view of Canal Grande gave him, lighting up his expression.
But then I caught a name… Cruz. I got on my feet. Wobbling and swaying, I made my way up next to Larry.
"What about Cruz?"
"Marco was telling me"—I had forgotten about Marco's knowledge of English— "that the Italian detective phoned Kyle while he was in Marco's car. Gave him the real version of Cruz's rescue. Supposedly Cruz got tired of waiting for Pia and walked twice to this remote garage and gas station to—get this—buy cigarettes. The only thing he ran out of. No one recognized him until he wanted them to—that would be early this morning. The owner said he found him asleep inside a customer's car left there for repairs. Of course, Team Giada is probably writing a generous check to this garage owner, who will experience sudden amnesia regarding the previous visits."
Marco laughed out loud. "You have it figured out already, the Italian way of doing business?"
Larry shook his head. "Nah, Marco, it's not an Italian monopoly. It's a worldwide disease." He soaked in the colorful palazzi and the noisy vaporetti packed with tourists willing to take a chance on Venetian-style mass transpor-tation.
"Mr. Cruz should be at the hotel shortly with his crew. They'll prep him for the press conference this afternoon."
"God, I hope we can get out of there before the arrival of the circus and the main clown." I meant every mean word I said.
We reached the end of the canal. Marco did an exaggerated U-turn just like he did for my first ride, and Larry got an eyeful of Piazza San Marco and a colorful crowd of visitors and pigeons alike. The tourists all had their backs to the water, looking toward the Two Moors clock tower. Marco slowed the boat just as the first Moor hit the huge bronze bell. One o'clock. I watched Larry's expression, like a child on Christmas morning. Marco had just earned a nice bonus to be added to his tip.
We walked through the tall glass doors, and I felt the need to pull on Larry's arm as he moved at snail's speed trying to see as much as possible. Talk about an American tourist. I loved his eagerness.
Just as before, the concierge came to greet me, announced he had an envelope, and asked if I could wait.
"Here is your chance to fill your eyes with the place, then let's move fast," I said to Larry. "The last thing I want is to run into either Giada or Cruz." I doubted he heard a word I said.
I opened the thick envelope in the elevator. It was my United States of America passport. Thank you, thank you, God. With all the daily drama I had forgotten all about it.
If I had expected Larry to help me pack, I would have been wrong. He was totally overwhelmed by the shape of the windows, the height of the ceilings, and the view of the canal. I sent the luggage down to Marco and his water taxi, and we still managed to get out of there within thirty minutes. I had to make sure I didn't leave anything behind. I was never returning to the Century. Okay, after Larry's state of awe, maybe never was too strong a word.
On the way down, we discussed Marco's tip. We would recycle the passport's envelope to slip him a serious reward. I helped Larry figure out the paper money.
"So, you're okay? We drive to my hometown, spend a day there then we can come back to Venice, stay in a different hotel and play anonymous tourists? By then Cruz's parade should have left town."
The elevator stopped at the lobby. Since we were the only two people in it, we moved close to the doors. But when they opened we were nearly run over by a loud group of photo-popping paparazzi and people shouting. I recognized Roberto, Cruz's agent. No!
"No comment, no comment," he kept repeating while I fought my way out. Larry hesitated only a moment, but that was enough for us to be separated.
I found myself outside the elevator, in front of the frenzied group of reporters, and against Cruz's back. Why, oh why?
He turned and saw me. Larry was right behind Roberto, who was trying to reach Cruz and pull him into the elevator.
"Kyle's mamma." Maledizione.
Cameras clicked at warp speed, if that was even a valid measure. And Cruz? The idiot grabbed me and tried to kiss me on the lips. In public. That was when I decked him. I figured it was either me or Larry, and odds were I'd have a better chance of getting away with it.
It caught Cruz totally unprepared. He let go of me and fell backward against one of the young paparazzi I recognized from when I first arrived. I heard giggles and open laughs.
Larry took my arm, and we ran out the lobby doors to the boat dock, trailed by the reporters.
The minute he saw us, Marco revved the engine. I decided we needed to add more paper money to the envelope. We hopped onto the boat. In all the excitement, my knee felt brand new. We waved goodbye to the reporters still clicking away on the dock of the Century Palace.
We were laughing so hard tears ran down my cheeks. Larry noticed and wiped them away with his fingers. His eyes locked on to mine.
"I didn't know you could throw such a mean punch." His voice was a tad husky. 
I smiled. Everything was going to be okay.
* * * * * * * * * * *


A note from Maria Grazia Swan

Writing Venetian Moon was a little like visiting home. Fun. Sad. Memories..good and bad…
By the way, I made the little map to give you a sense of directions… Hope it helps.
Thank you for reading my story, and if you can spare a minute… would you leave a review? It’s easy, only one or two words–that’s all it takes–and it means so much to us, the authors. 
Mille Grazie.



A sneak peek at
Desert Moon 

ONE

Had country legend Glen Campbell materialized, hopped on a table with his guitar, and sung "By the Time I Get to Phoenix," it would have been perfectly acceptable. Such was the mood this evening at the home of Maricopa County Sheriff-elect, also known as America's toughest sheriff. His house sat high on a hill in the town of Fountain Hills, thirty miles northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.
And yes, Glen Campbell had been an unwilling resident of the Sheriff's detention facilities following a DUI arrest back in 2003. After all these years, most of the party guests still spoke of the singer fondly.
Tonight, under a starred early summer sky and minus his uniform with the large-sized stars dotting the collar, the Sheriff was just another nice older man.  He  entertained these friendly folks with the help of his silver-haired wife, who seemed as respected and liked as her husband. When they stopped by our table, the Sheriff let me know we had something in common—his parents were Italians.
Of course.
I hadn't quite figured out how Larry Devin, the love of my life, fit in with this group of people. A former detective from the Homicide Division of the Sheriff's Department in Orange County, California, retired for about four years, he couldn't possibly have met all these lawmen before retirement, as some looked young enough to be his kids. He'd insisted I join him at the cookout, implying I would get a better sense of Arizona's laid-back lifestyle.
The smell of barbecue lingered and while margaritas were available, most of the men drank beer. You could feel the camaraderie and general cheerfulness all around, yet no one was loud or acting intoxicated. I was still nursing my first glass of wine while studying these two dozen or so professional lawmen and women.
Eighty percent were men, and about twenty percent of them must have come from work, still wearing their uniforms. The rest wore shirts and dress pants, like Larry, their coats and ties hanging from the back of their patio chairs. Of course, no one wore their threads quite as well as my man. He looked as good as, if not better than, the first time I'd set eyes on him—same dark hair, same intriguing, stormy gray eyes.
How we'd lasted this long I had yet to figure out, but I'd enjoyed every minute of it. The chat had switched from crime in general to the rescued pets the Sheriff housed in one of the old jails. The rescued animals had air-conditioning, while most of Maricopa County's inmates did not.
Out of the blue, Flash, my cat's name, came up among muffled laughter. Apparently, they all knew why I was in Phoenix.
Poor Lawrence Devin.
I had no idea what version of the story he'd told, and so as to not embarrass him in front of the Sheriff's inner circle, I listened, smiled and said nothing.
The startling reason for my impromptu solo trip to Arizona hadn't begun to sink in to my consciousness until yesterday morning just outside Beaumont, where State Route 60 and Interstate 10 intersect. And where I'd found the rest area closed.
Closed. Just when my last hurried cup of coffee wanted to get out.
No logical connection between my need to use the bathroom and my cat's decision to go for a long ride. If Larry's reporting of the discovery was correct, by the time I was done with that pet of mine she would have nine lives minus one. The nerve of that cat.
"At first I felt flattered." Larry was retelling the story, probably for the fourth time. "Those people gathered around my Mercedes, they must really like the spiffy German car, I thought. But as I got closer, the group split, and no one looked at me with much sympathy. Quite the opposite. Puzzled, I quickened my pace, and even before unlocking the door I could see what they'd been staring at. Flash. My girlfriend's cat."
He rested his arm on the back of my chair, probably his idea of letting everyone know I was the 'girlfriend.' "Flash stood on her back legs, on the rear seat, scratching on the window and meowing. A black devil. How did she get in my car? Where did she come from? Could she have been in the backseat the whole time?"
As Larry spoke, I had mental images of his expression: confused, surprised, concerned. How about the expression of the bystanders? It must have screamed animal abuse. A mad as hell black cat is not a pretty sight.
Larry sighed, adding to the exaggerated sense of drama. "Blythe was past the point of no return, too late for me to drive back to Dana Point. I had to keep my appointment in Phoenix. Many of you people depended on it. So I called Lella and convinced her to drive to Phoenix to get her cat."
A few people snickered. Others stared at me.
"How did you manage to keep the cat calm in the car for such a long ride?" someone asked. "Did you stop to get her food and water? How about doing her business? Did she pee in your spiffy German car?"
Now the snickering was louder, turning into open laughs.
"I bought a small leash. Well, more like a harness, really, at a pet shop in Blythe. Had no idea they even made such things. And I found out they have designated pet areas at the rest stops off the I-10."
"Well, Devin, if we ever need to transport some convicted felines to California, we'll make sure and call you," a young woman with long, shiny black hair said. She wore a grayish uniform, which according to Larry made her a detention officer
When he'd told me he would have to be in Phoenix as a special witness for the retrial of an old case, I hadn't asked many questions. I assumed someone, either the defense or the prosecution, had hired him. He would get there, do his thing, and come back home to California. Neither of us had expected Flash to put a funny twist on such a simple deal.
While Larry dodged the puns about the badass cat and I kept a straight face through it all, Flash the cat sat in a fancy hotel suite in downtown Phoenix with a pet-sitter hired and paid for by Larry. He'd had to sign the pet-sitter clause for management to allow him to keep the cat in the room.
It will all be over soon.
Come morning, Flash and I would get into my Mustang and drive back to Dana Point, where the midday temperature was about twenty degrees cooler than the night temperature in Phoenix, and I didn't care about the but it's a dry heat slogan Arizonans kept repeating to us visitors.
At first I wanted to grab the cat and drive right back, but Larry had the whole day free, so I'd stayed an extra twenty-four hours. This was the evening of that day. And I was happy he'd insisted I go with him to the barbecue. The Sheriff's fame was well-known throughout most of the Southwest. It was now after 9:00, and we had promised the sitter we would be back before ten.
I was about to remind Larry of that small detail when one burly man who'd arrived wearing a coat and tie and who'd sat close to our table most of the evening checked his cell phone. "Fuck."
"What?" Larry and a few other people looked at the cussing man as if expecting some explanation.
"They are here." He drank the last of his beer.
* * * * * * * * * * *



MORE BOOKS BY MARIA GRAZIA SWAN

Baker Girl’s Cozy Mystery series
Cooks, Crooks and a Corpse #1

Food, Fools and a Dead Physic #2

Wine, Dine and Christmas Crimes #3


Lella York series
Gemini Moon #1

Venetian Moon #2

Desert Moon #3


Mina’s Adventure series:
Love Thy Sister #1

Bosom Bodies #2

Italian Summer #3

Ashes of Autumn #4

A Cat to Die For #5

Best in Show #6

Sniffing Out Murder #7


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Award-winning, USA Today Bestselling author Maria Grazia Swan was born in Italy. She’s lived in Belgium, France, Germany, Southern California and Arizona—all juicy places that fuel her stories and characters. 

These days, Maria Grazia concentrates on her deepest passions. Writing and being the matchmaker for people and pets who are waiting to find each other. 

Maria Grazia loves travel, opera, good books, yoga, and intelligent movies. Her idea of a perfect evening? Stimulating conversation, Northern Italian food, and chilled Prosecco. 
She loves to hear from her readers! Feel free to contact her through her website: www.mariagraziaswan.com.



