Wrongful Murder
James Ward 

Copyright 2020  by James Ward

Smashwords Edition










Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1: The Murder
Chapter 2: Another Corpse
Chapter 3: Land, More Land
Chapter 4: Robert E. Lee
Chapter 5: Landry and Luke
Chapter 6: Shard's Date
Chapter 7: Money
Chapter 8: Brodir of Man
Chapter 9: The Scheme
Chapter 10: Another Corpse
Chapter 11: The Solution?
Chapter 12: The Arab and Witry
About the Author
Acknowledgements
I would like to give credit to my late wife, Roberta Shannon Ward, an inveterate mystery reader, for the books’ plots and characters. When she became too ill to teach high school, we decided to write a mystery. We outlined the books as we cooked dinner. When we had a stack of paper filled with scribbling topped off with dried sauces, vegetable parts, and much unidentifiable dinner matter, we agreed she would write and I would proofread. She found that she” hadn’t the voice” to write and we switched roles. We enjoyed it so much that we finished a second and were into a third when Roberta died. I finished that one alone.
My sister, Sharon Caher, who lives in what she calls “the Miami of the North”, Olcott, New York, is my Vice President for Production. She spent years in the Buffalo public schools’ IT department and knows how to make these infernal machines operate. She set up our whole system, created the book covers, and figured out how to take out many of my reading gaffes. She is working to put the printed copies of the volumes on line.
 Keeping the team in the family, my grandson Henry Ward Chambers, my Vice President for Public Relations, has splashed mention of the Shard Chronicles across the etherscape. He came up with our name and the word is, he has even listened to our podcasts. My daughter, Anne Ward, encouraged me to take this on and has done a heroic job of riding herd on my PRVP. She has also lured her husband and older son, Ted, to listen to Shard’s travails
Diana Barrow, an accomplished soul, whom I’ve never seen without a book, often a mystery, was my ace editor. She recommended gobs of changes, many of them structural, all of which made for better reading. She is one of the best editors I have ever had. My friend, Juliana Ratliff, donated her closet to the Shard project. She allowed me to set up my broadcasting studio in it, somewhere between the navy blue and black garments, to drown out sirens, lawn lawn equipment, robo callers, traffic noises, and the like. Best of all, she feeds me!
These congenial folks made this project fun and I heartily thank all of them for their efforts. If you enjoyed Shard’s adventures, thank the folks mentioned above. If you did not, blame me!
CHAPTER 1: THE MURDER
I see now that no man can trust his own strength,
 for his courage will fai 
On his dying day 
As his life is ebbing out. 
(Grettir’s Saga, Chpt. 62)
Sunday Night
"Oh shit! What the hell is that?" the driver exclaimed as he hit the brakes and spun the big car hard to the left and felt its rear end begin to slide on the snow-covered street before he brought it to a stop.
A tinny voice from the back seat whined, "What the hell are you doing? I'll get seasick."
"Shut up," the huge man behind the steering wheel said, as he fumbled with his seat belt and door handle to get out.
When the nearby mongrel snarled at him, he retreated a half a step and almost fell back into the car.
"Whaaaaat?" he said, as he stared at a body lying flat on its back in a crucifixion pose
The corpse blinked.
"You nitwit. I coulda killed you. What's wrong with you?" 
"Making snow angels." 
"Are you nuts? It's the middle of the night."
"They’re pretty in the dark. Do you like this one?"
The boy swung his arms and legs back and forth across the angel's wings and gown. 
"Ain't it pretty? Dizzy likes it."
"I ought to rip your damned head off."
"Dizzy likes it.”
"I shoulda run over you, you little dipshit," the man said, as he got back in his car and turned to the back seat. "Is he alive?"
"I don't know. He ain't breathed in a while."
"God, what a mess. The boss will kill us. We gotta get rid of him. If somebody comes, we're both dead. I'll stop up there, and you dump him. Take everything out of his pockets."
"Can I have his watch?"
"You can have everything. Just get him out of the car so we can get the hell outta here." 
“Hold on ‘til I clean him out."
The driver inched the car forward, avoiding the boy who was forming a new snow angel, and stopped near a sign that read Steubens Alley.
The man in the back flung his door open and dragged the body up alongside a wall, then jumped back into the car. The driver fishtailed the big car down the slick street
Lieutenant Thomas Shard of the Mohawk County Sheriff’s Department stood next to the 1950 Morgan Plus Four with its shiny forest green paint. It was the only Morgan at Saratoga Springs' final car show of the year, and Shard had to restrain himself from running his hand down its sexy fender and feel the leather straps that fastened its bonnet. He had slipped away for a rare day off and had driven his red1954 Morgan several hours just to see this beauty. This one was in better shape than his, but it wasn’t a daily driver. Of course, he considered, his wasn’t really a daily driver either, given all the days it refused to start. 
Shard twisted his six-foot plus frame into his leather seat to drive back to Leyden before the threatening clouds dumped their snowy loads all over upstate New York. But he was starved and decided to stop at the Iroquois, one of his favorite bars. He hadn’t seen Ruth Scarpelli in a year and had a yen to eat one of her mouth-watering meatball tunnel sandwiches and enjoy a cold, Utica Club beer.
“What the hell are you doing in these precincts?" she asked.
"Drove over just to rest my weary eyes on your sparkling visage" 
"Yeah, right."
"And while I'm leering, I'll have my usual and some good conversation.”
He counted only four people in the bar; a couple of them looked like rough types, woodsmen perhaps, guys out of the forest for a weekend in Albany.
If things had been different, he might have gotten serious about Ruth, and if he were lucky enjoy a warm winter snuggled down with her. She might be amenable, he thought, as he watched her approach his table. Her eyes sparkled and her body language was soft, silky, and suggestive.
They made small talk until Ruth, without any transition, said, “You look lonely detective. Have you seen Hope lately?”
“Not since she walked out almost four years ago. Have you?” He really didn’t want to have this conversation.
“She and that guy she married have been in a couple of times, but she didn’t have much to say.”
Shard turned the discussion to less emotional topics.
They chatted until almost midnight. For some perverse reason his car was more dependable in cold weather. He suspected it was because it relished the chance to suck freezing air in through the gaps in the side curtains. Its heater, a miracle of design, absorbed all the body warmth he gave off in the car. 
Shard drove the back way home worried about the snow that had started spitting earlier than predicted. The raucous ring of his hated cell phone interrupted his spaghetti sauce reverie, but at least he now knew where he’d lost it.
"Damn," he said as he pulled over to the side of the road.
"Lieutenant Shard.”
"Lieutenant, we've got a dead man in Steubens Alley, and I figured you'd want to know," his Detective Sergeant, Knut Johnsen, said. 
“No, I don't. It's the last thing I want to hear. I want to go home, sip four fingers of Highland Park single malt, tuck in for a good night's rest, and dream of the forest green Morgan I just fondled. So, tell me the guy dropped dead in midstep from a coronary and all you have to do is drag him to the morgue and send flowers." 
"No, Sir. He's covered with blood and lying in the snow. And it's colder than a monsignor's heart out here."
"And you want me to be miserable too?" 
"Yes, Sir.” Shard could imagine his crooked smile. 
"Okay, call Periwinkle and get the lab boys on it before all the evidence blows away. I'm on 28 and will be there in about forty-five minutes."
"Are you driving your Morgan?" 
"Of course. Running like a dream. Oh yeah, could you scramble up some coffee?"
"Your heater on the blink again, Lieutenant?" 
Shard hung up.   
Steubens Alley was little more than a wide footpath between Conkling Street and Tilden Avenue, Leyden’s main street. Shard parked on Tilden and slithered out into a snowy, cold wind. Maybe three inches of snow were on the ground, but little of it had blown into the alley. 
Johnsen boomed out, "Great to see you, Sir. Donuts on you after."
"Shut up," he said as he caught the drip at the end of his nose with his glove.
"Hello, Sergeant Periwinkle," Shard said. "I hope I didn't interrupt your festive evening."
She glared at him. 
Shard saw the body lay on its left side with its back against the wall. It looked as if the man had simply lain down, curled up, and gone to sleep. Shard crouched to examine it. 
"Who found him?" Shard asked.
"Joe Duffy," Periwinkle said.
Oh God, Shard thought. Joe was the department’s courtesy hire. His family had lived in Leyden since its patent was issued after the Revolutionary War, and his family tree was laden with mental deficients, the result of generations of inbreeding. Joe's younger brother, who was retarded, roamed the streets at all hours with his dog, Dizzy. He was harmless enough, but after his parents died, his care fell to Joe, who, Shard thought, wasn't all that bright either. But the town took care of its own, and a succession of sheriffs had kept Joe on the payroll.
Duffy, Johnsen, and Periwinkle stood back because they knew that Shard wanted uninterrupted time to “take it in,” as he put it. He scooted around to the front side of the body and noted that its loafers were old but well-polished. Quality shoes, he thought. Still have their leather soles. The corpse’s charcoal gray pants of a good twill material had sharp creases and were held up with an expensive leather belt. The red and white button-down tattersall shirt likewise was a credit to its owner’s taste. No tie, but then at this hour, who would wear one, he asked himself. The biting wind that whistled down the alley made Shard wonder why anyone would be outside without a coat or gloves. The victim looked dressed for an early autumn, perhaps an Indian summer stroll somewhere.
When Shard leaned far to his left, he looked closely at a man's face lying in a puddle of blood that spread like a halo around his head. It looked as if the blood had gushed from his nose. As he bent closer, he noticed a bruise above the bridge of the nose that appeared as if it had been made by something heavy. The blow had been enough to make his nose hemorrhage, but he didn’t know if it was enough to kill him.
Shard's ruminations were interrupted by the sound of a door closing at the Conkling end of the alley. It didn't take long for the expected guttural grumbling to echo along the alley's walls.
Doctor Walgren Fox was the local coroner, pathologist, veterinarian, sometime internist, and checkers champion, and, like many of his breed, had a personality that was either shaped by his macabre work or had caused him to take it up in the first place. He preferred his patients dead, and the riper the better. Shard was convinced that Doc had lost his sense of smell right after he was born with that very cigar clenched between his teeth.
"Shard?” Doc said, "If you did your job, all murders would take place between dawn and dusk, never between supper and bar closings, never in the snow, and sure as hell never when I'm getting my beauty rest."
They all kept a straight face. Had Doc slept a thousand years, he wouldn't have been beautiful. A short, stubby man, a human reflection of the cigar he always chewed, he habitually wore a brown tweed coat with hair sticking out all over it in little copses. 
Disheveled, half-shaven, grey hair shooting up in all directions, he didn’t have to impress his patients. They were his family. He tended them with loving care and a great deal of profanity.
"Well, he's damned dead," Doc said, with a professional mien.
Sunday Night
“What do you mean you don’t know if he was dead?” Mr. S asked his bodyguards, Tiny and Tony. “Can’t you tell a live corpse from a dead one? What are you, stupid?”
“We think he was dead, Mr. S. but we couldn’t tell for sure. It was cold out there,” Tiny said.
“What does that have to do with it? If he’s dead, he don’t care about cold. Where did you put the body?
“In a street.”
“You can’t be that dumb. Why didn’t you toss him in a river? A town dump? Down somebody’s well? Somewhere. God, the cops will be all over this by morning. Why did you leave him there?”
“It weren’t really a street, Mr. S. It was more like a small road between buildings. I couldn’t drive the car down it. It was that small.”
“I don’t give a damn how small it was. Why’d you leave him there?”
“Tony and me got scared. We didn’t know what to do. You didn’t say nothing about what we should do if he died.”
“Do you have a brain, Tiny?”
“I think so, Mr. S.”
“Do I pay you good money to use it?”
“I think so, Mr. S.”
“This woulda been a good time to see if it works. Did anybody see you guys?”
“I don’t think so,” Tiny said.
“What about that kid we almost killed?” Tony asked.
Tiny shot him a threatening look.
“You almost killed a kid? What the hell’s wrong with you guys. I send you out on an easy little job, and you kill half a town. What about the kid?”
“He was laying in the road, Mr. S. In the snow. I didn’t see the little bastard and almost hit him. But I didn’t.”
“But he saw you?”
“Nah, he was too busy playing in the snow. We got the hell out of there fast.”
“This ain’t good, guys. Murder ain’t nothing to fool around with. It makes cops antsy.”
“No, Mr. S,” they said in unison.
“That means you need alibis, right?”
“Right.”
“So, where were you guys tonight?”
“In Leyden,” they said.
“Idiots! You weren’t in Leyden. You couldn’t be because you were somewhere else. Right?”
“Right.”
“Okay, where were you tonight?”
Silence. Tony and Tiny looked at each other as if they had just met. “We can’t remember, Mr. S.”
“I want you boys here tomorrow morning first thing to tell me where you were tonight. Got that? And it better be a pretty good story. So good, your mothers would believe it.”
“Tony, if your mother asks you tonight where you were, what’ll you tell her?”
“Leyden.” 
Sunday Night, later
Doc rubbed, pinched, and probed the body. He raised its hand and tried to straighten out its upper leg. Shard thought it resembled a slow-motion ballet.
Doc stood up and proclaimed, "He's still damned dead."
"We pay premier wages for such professional advice, and we get the best," Shard replied. "We would have never guessed."
"And you want to know how long he's been dead." 
"Yup."
" I don't know. The cold throws off all the bullshit I usually give you. But he hasn't been here long."
Johnsen, Periwinkle and Duffy shifted from one foot to the other as they listened to Doc and Shard go through their lines.
"Would you hazard that he died this year?" Shard asked.
"Yup."
"Would you risk your slim reputation on a guess that he died tonight?"
"Yup."
This well-rehearsed routine was the only comforting thing about murder, Shard thought.
"How many hours ago?"
"Exactly three hours and six minutes." 
"Really?" Shard opened his eyes wide. "What makes you say that?”
"You wanted a time. I gave you one. I'm a generous old soul."
"If I didn’t care what time this fellow died, what would you say?"
"That's different. Rigor is just settling in, but it's so cold, and since he's lying on icy pavement, it's hard to guess. Within the last three hours."
"Sometime around midnight?" Shard asked.
"That's about right, plus or minus," Doc smiled. "I can tell you more after I do him.”
"What killed him?" 
Periwinkle thought, the beginning of round two. I could be out here all night.
"I'll bet that even a dense copper saddled with an English degree from a public college, can see that someone whacked him on the forehead." 
"Was that enough to kill him?" 
"It wouldn't have done him much good." 
"In other words, you don't know." 
"Oh, I know. I'm just not telling you." Doc chomped on his cigar butt. “Bag him and deliver him to my cave. I'll do him tomorrow at one o’clock."
Shard wondered why Doc always scheduled his autopsies right after meals. 
"Come on, guys. Let's go to the office and start our day." 
"But it's only quarter after four, Boss," Periwinkle said, "just enough time for a good lie-in before work."
Shard mumbled something she couldn’t make out as he walked up the alley.
Monday Morning
Let there be fog
And let there be phantoms,
Weird marvels
To baffle your hunters.
 (Njal’s Saga, Chpt. 12)
“That man was bad.” Dizzy raised his head from under the radiator in the post office’s foyer and cocked an ear at Luke, whose head rested on the dog’s belly.
“He called me bad names. He almost ran over me in his big red car. He didn’t say sorry.”
Dizzy licked an itch on his side, just above Luke’s knit hat.
“He was big. He used bad words. I bet he don’t go to St. Florians.”
Dizzy licked the side of Luke’s face to finish the job.
“Someone else was in the car. He yelled bad words too. I was afraid. I heard the church bells. Did you like my angel?”
Dizzy nuzzled his cold nose into Luke’s warm ear.
“They drug something out of that car. Did you see it Dizzy?”
Dizzy nuzzled more.
“I hope he don’t come back. He’s bad. Did you like my angel?”
Monday Morning
Shard decided to drive home to pick up his department car. This was not a Morgan day. As he approached his trim, white, Greek Revival house, he glanced up at the kneehole windows just under the eaves that marked his childhood bedroom. They gave the house just the right proportions. His rear wheels slipped and then caught as he turned into his driveway, already covered with a half a foot of snow, as he drove into the barn.
All the houses on Post Road had small barns behind them, reminders from a time when everyone in Leyden who could afford it kept a horse, buggy and sleigh. Shard's unpainted barn still smelled of hay. He tucked the Morgan in next to his cutter, which reminded him that someday he was going to borrow a horse and a string of bells and take a moonlit sleigh ride. If Hope had stayed, he would have done it tonight.
He had never expected to live here again, he thought, as he walked to his back door. After graduating from SUNY Albany, he had been very happy in the New York State Police, where he had been the youngest detective sergeant on the force and looked forward to getting married and raising a family. After Hope finished her nurse practitioner training, they moved in together, and he kept hoping that she’d agree to marry him, until that damned drug rep lured her away. After she left, he had to get out of Albany. Luckily Sheriff Reeves K. Stutzenberger had an opening back home, and he grabbed it. Policing Leyden was a good job, although he sometimes missed the bustle of a more metropolitan force. 
A couple of hours later, he pulled into his parking spot behind headquarters and walked upstairs where he found Periwinkle settled in his black leather office chair, feet on his desk, sound asleep. She heard him open the door, cocked an eye at him, and said, "Good sleeping chair." Shard knew that; he had snatched many a nap in it on company time.
"Besides, you ordered me here by seven, and here I am.”
"Yeah, and what have you decided about our midnight corpse?"
"Nothing."
Their discourse was interrupted when Johnsen blew into the room, wiping snow off his old-fashioned corduroy coat on to Shard's desk and Periwinkle's still almost-prone form.
"It's colder than a Viking's arse on Snaefellsjokull," he said in yet another of his arcane Norse references as he settled into the office's only other chair. Neither Shard nor Periwinkle asked for an explanation.
"Thanks," Shard said as he overturned the wastebasket and sat down on it.
"Let me call this confab to order. What do we have? An unknown male killed or in some other way dead about midnight in Steubens Alley on about as bleak a night as you could want. No known witnesses, no identification on the victim, lots of blood on the ground, and an impact mark on his face above his nose. Cause of death, unknown. And he wasn’t dressed to be outside in that weather. Anything else?"
"I wonder why he was in the alley?” Periwinkle asked.  “If he was killed somewhere else, why wasn't he dumped out in the woods where he wouldn't be found until mud season? Or left in an abandoned car trunk? Or weighted down and thrown in the canal basin?" 
Johnsen pulled a single sheet of paper out of the thin file on John Doe and read off what they knew.
"He had exactly nothing: no wallet, no keys, no change, no lighter, no watch, no rings, no necklace, no piercing jewelry, no visible tattoos, not even a handkerchief," he said. 
"Furthermore, there were no legible labels in his clothes. Everything had been washed or dry cleaned so many times the print had disappeared.” 
"What about his shoes?" Shard asked.
"Loafers, brown, non-tasseled, size 10EEE."
"Wonderful. A dead man with two wide feet who wore uncommonly common brown shoes. Our first clue," Shard said. “That’s it?”
"All of it," Johnsen said.
"Okay, let's get out into the balmy weather and start the usual routine. You guys talk to the shopkeepers at both ends of the alley. Perhaps the killing was a follow-up to something that started earlier. And Johnsen, find out if he bought his shoes in town."
"And what do you propose to do boss?" Johnsen asked.
"I've kept the roughest job of all. I'm going next door to Schuylers for some decent coffee and breakfast and listen to the regulars’ gossip about the dead man and tell me who killed him. That way I'll make the sheriff happy in this reelection season, and after he wins, he will keep us gainfully employed. Mr. Doe may have unwittingly given his life for our good. Now scatter and let me get my buns off this wastebasket before they die.”
If there was a clue dropped in Schuylers' dining room, Shard missed it. The breakfast was perfect though. The cook, Mrs. Olndowski, had to be in her eighties or maybe nineties, Shard guessed, worked six days a week, had never called in sick in sixty years, and could perform magic on food. She was a gem, exactly what his breakfast companions were not. Shard did learn, however, the history of last week's weather and the forecasts for the coming, day, week, month, winter, and indeed well into next summer to the day when the municipal pool would reopen. The regulars, most long retired, always got up a pool on the day the swimming pool would open. Its water had to be seventy degrees and the temperature depended upon the severity of the winter weather, the inches of rain in spring, and the number of days of sunshine in early summer. It was all very complicated. 
Shard tried to turn the conversation to his corpse. The old guys knew about the murder, but it had been so far past their bedtimes that it was not as interesting as the weather, which happened before they retired for the night and gave them a reason to wake up every morning. 
Back in his office he found Johnsen sitting in his desk chair trying to stay awake.
“What did you find out?” Shard asked.
“Zilch. Nobody ever sold Dexters here. The closest store that did is down in Utica.”
“Great, but they still bother me,” Shard said after a moment’s reflection. “The shoes looked to be about forty years old, but they still had their original soles and heels that showed little wear. The uppers, however, looked more worn and had been polished often.”
Shard turned over his desk phone and removed the battery case lid. From the cavity he took out an unfiltered Camel. 
“The hell with New York State’s no smoking policy,” he said.
He stared at Johnsen for a long minute.
"Would you go outside on a snowy, icy night in a pair of shoes with leather soles? Smooth leather soles? And why choose loafers when it was so cold? Where had someone worn those shoes until they looked middle-aged and yet the soles were close to new? Only on carpets?”
Shard's phone interrupted.
"Lieutenant Shard."
The woman at the other end was brusque, "Sheriff wants to see you."
"Be right there. The Boss calls, Norseman."
Monday Morning
Shard walked into the sheriff's expansive outer office, full of green leather Queen Anne chairs and end tables, dominated -- and that was the only way to describe it -- by Hilda Bluder, Stutzenberger's gatekeeper. If Shard had not known better, he would have pegged Hilda as a member of that cinder block church that sang hymns at double-time, clapped and danced, and spoke in voices, the one that did not believe in makeup, skirts above the ankles, hair stylists, or razors. But he knew Hilda was a devout worshipper at St. Florian's Roman Catholic Church and the power behind its Altar Sodality. She chose to look like a prison warden, with her bulkiness, severe clothes, and hair in a bun. She was as short in the humor department as she was in height, but she knew everything that transpired around headquarters. For all this, Shard thought, she was not an unpleasant soul.
"You look great this morning, Hilda," Shard said as he winked.
"Same as always."
"What kind of mood is RKS in today?" Nobody knew what the K. stood for, but Shard and a few others in the know were convinced it was for Kaiser.
"Pleasant as always and waiting for you to solve last night's murder."
"We're close," Shard said as she waved him into the inner sanctum.
Kaiser Stutzenberger waited, stuffed in his oversized leather swivel chair, and looking for all the world, Shard thought, like a sausage being squeezed out of the top of its casing. His walrus mustache only emphasized the notion that he might be wider than he was tall, which was five feet eight inches. His placid, Germanic appearance, however, belied a quick mind. He always backed his officers -- as long as they were honest and didn't make him look stupid in public. Uniformly he was in a decent humor, but an election year approached, and a retired secret service agent had declared against him, his first serious competition in a decade. Thus, he was more involved than usual with his department's daily affairs.
"Weather's not the best today, Sir," Shard said in an attempt to steer the conversation to safer ground. The Kaiser was fanatic about the weather. He had one of those electronic gismos hanging next to his window that told him the temperatures inside and out, the humidity in both places, the barometer reading, wind speed, and for all Shard knew, the temperature on the first tee at the Mohawk Country Club and the exact minute his wife would drop the olive in his first martini.
"Twenty-eight, barometer is falling, the wind is gusting to twenty-five miles an hour, and what do you have on that alley murder last night?" all of which Stutzenberger crammed into one sentence.
"Not a lot yet, but it's early," Shard said.
"Which translated, means you have naught."
"Not quite true. We know his gender, approximate time of death, observable wounds, the kind of clothes he wore, and his odd shoes.”
That brought a measurable pause.
"His odd shoes?” The sheriff looked surprised for once, "and, pray tell, what do they tell us?"
"His shoes are probably over forty years old," Shard said. "What kind of a guy wears shoes that old?"
"I do."
"Yes, but you are not a corpse in an alley, and, therefore, your penchant for old stuff is not a clue, but it could be in the right circumstances." 
"You don't know who he is?"
"No, not yet," Shard liked to sell his boss hope.
"I don't have to remind you that I have an election approaching and a cleared-up case load is a wonderful campaign tool to return me to office so I can pay your salary for another four years.”
"I understand sir. How's the fund raising coming?"
State statutes forbid the sheriff from raising political funds from department employees, so Shard felt safe inquiring about what had become his chief's obsession recently.
"It's still early," the Kaiser said, "but I have a promise of a very large sum from the developers who back the new casino -- something, you understand, that will be good for this county. Even though the Mohawks will own it and don’t have to pay taxes, everywhere in New York the Indians pay voluntary sums and the county needs this money for schools, roads, and, need I mention, our raises and a new department car for you."
Shard had not followed the political wrangling over permits for the Mohawk casino; nor had he considered its benefits to him.
"I hope they come through for you," was all he could think to say.
"Go forth, son," said the sheriff, upbeat at the thought of the casino contribution, "and keep me informed so I don’t make an ass out of myself."
Shard went forth, thinking about his date with Doc in the cave.
Monday Afternoon
Shard prepared for the autopsy by skipping lunch. Ordinarily he would have walked the six blocks to Doc’s, but not when it was cold, windy, and still snowing. Doc’s cave was in the cellar beneath the Adirondack telephone exchange, a small, dark room that was always damp because it was next to the old canal's turnaround basin that was still full of water. Shard could cope with the damp; it was the other smells that got to him.
"Here we go," Doc said as he ripped the sheet off the corpse. 
"A fairly tall man, exactly five feet ten and one-half inches. I weighed him earlier. One hundred and sixty-six American pounds. Perfect for a fella his age and size."
He was circumcised, Shard noted. Jewish? But that didn't tell you much about a man's social standing or religious orientation any more.
"What killed him?" Shard asked.
"I'm not sure. We'll know more when we open his skull, which I shall do forthwith." 
Why do people talk that way, Shard thought, as he felt his? 
stomach begin its quick rise to his gullet.
Doc lifted the skullcap and began probing on what had been the man's face, down near where he had taken the blow.
"I don't know about this," he said around his cigar. “The blow did not fracture the skull, only the upper part of the bridge of his nose, but I can’t see any bone splinters. Undoubtedly it was painful, but I can’t say if it killed him instantly."
"Would it have knocked him out?" 
"Quite possibly, at least stunned him or made him goofy and groggy, but for how long I am not certain," Fox replied.
"What are you certain of?"
Doc looked up with a wry grin. He loved this. 
"That he's dead."
Monday Afternoon
Shard was pleased to see that he was the first back to his office. He was sleepy and made for his desk chair as if it were salvation. He had just steepled his fingers under his chin for a bit of deep thought when Johnsen's voice intruded, "Working hard, Boss?" 
Shard glared at him through one eye. Johnsen was hard to miss. At six feet five inches and probably 250 pounds, he filled the office. His well-toned, thirty-year-old bulk was topped off with a mop of startling blonde hair, the legacy of his Viking forebears. A graduate of Bemidji State University, he had majored in criminal justice and minored in, of all things, Scandinavian studies.  Because his grandfather had raised Knut on the Norse sagas, Johnsen habitually spouted references to them. His marriage had gone south sometime back, and he was on the hustle. He knew all the women in town and stayed current on their gossip and pairings, which was sometimes useful in cases. Although only a decade younger than Shard, he moved in very different circles.
Bundled in his winter uniform of blue jeans, flannel shirt, and what looked like size 17 boots, Johnsen edged into Shard's spare chair and watched his boss rejoin the world.
Shard, playing for time, lifted the edge of his carpet and picked up a Camel. He had been trying to stop smoking since Hope left him and had quit carrying his cigarettes in his shirt pocket. Instead, he secreted single smokes everywhere he might need them. 
“The Kaiser wants us to solve this case before his opponent can use it against him. I told him you were right on it. He seemed relieved," Shard said.
Johnsen returned a thin smile.
"I survived another of Doc's autopsies. His bloody conclusion is that he is not sure the blow to the face killed the guy. Knocked him out maybe, but probably didn’t cause instantaneous death. Which means he may have died a natural death, aided and abetted by someone who didn’t like him, someone who let him die, or something….”
"I have the fingerprints from Doc. Run them through the state crime boys and see what pops up. Maybe we'll get lucky and he served in the Navy or something. Also take a browse through the missing persons' files to see if our boy is in there, but I bet not. I have a sinking feeling that nothing will turn up, nothing has so far."
"Get a photo over to the Leyden Sun-Times and down to the Utica Observer-Dispatch and ask them to run it tomorrow to see if it stirs up a witness." Shard had always wondered why the local newspaper was the SUN-Times, as it was published in a town with fewer sunny days than any other in the Western Hemisphere.
"I've been thinking," Johnsen said.
Periwinkle came in and saw she'd lost her chance for a chair. She picked up the wastebasket, carried it over to the window, turned it upside down, hopped up on the windowsill, and put a foot on the trashcan. When the maneuver hiked her skirt just above her knees, both men chanced a quick look at her shapely upper calves that disappeared into her high boots. Shard repressed a strong urge to release a sigh.
Sharon Periwinkle was also ten years younger than Shard. He hadn’t noticed her when she was growing up in Leyden. She was too young. She had turned into a beauty, tall, well-shaped, and with the most beautiful auburn hair he had ever seen. She majored in social work at Juniata College in Pennsylvania, and after her father suffered a stroke, she moved back to Leyden to help her mother care for him. Four months ago, after graduating from the police academy, she had applied for a job with the sheriff’s department. She was one of the Kaiser’s better hires.
She turned her green eyes on Shard and said, “We talked to all the shop keepers on Tilden and Conkling. None of them saw or heard anything out of the ordinary last Saturday, and they weren't around on Sunday.”
"I’m not surprised. The merchants are not much at rollicking after dark, especially in the winter. But I had hoped they might have seen and remembered something odd."
"I've been thinking," Johnsen said.
Periwinkle continued as if she hadn’t heard. “I saw in the Sun-Times that the Native Americans might get their permit for the casino. That will liven this place up after dark."
"Yeah," Shard said "but they still have to purchase the land, a lot of it. I'll wager prices around the site have gone sky-high. The Kaiser told me that the casino developers have promised to contribute big bucks to his campaign and reminded me this morning that it would be to his advantage to have this case solved before the election."
"I can believe that. By the way,” Periwinkle said, “I saw Luke in the Post Office vestibule when I went in to buy the paper. He was curled up around Dizzy next to a radiator." Dizzy slept anywhere he wanted, including the stores, and was unmatched in the townspeople’s memory for getting his stomach and ears rubbed. 
"I took him and Dizzy over to Patel's for donuts and coffee. Luke kept babbling about the snow angel he made last night in the middle of Tilden Ave."
"What an idiot," Shard replied, aware he wasn’t politically correct. “He could have been killed.”
"He said he almost was, at least I think he said that. He claims a red car almost ran over him. He thought it was funny."
"Really?" Johnsen said. ” Luke was lucky the guy could see him at night. Course any damned fool making angels in the middle of the street is probably pretty noticeable."
"Ok, enough palaver. It's 4.44, which means its 5.14 in Newfoundland, time to have a drink. I'm off to Schuylers for some deep thinking. He swiveled around and pulled down the Bible shelved just to one side of his head, perfect for photo opportunities. He flipped it to a hollowed-out section in the Old Testament, took out a Camel, put it in his shirt pocket, and walked over to his coat.

CHAPTER 2:  ANOTHER CORPSE
Monday Afternoon
South of Leyden, in a Smytheville beauty parlor, an operator, Candyce, asked, “Misty, did you go to the party at the Wicked Lady last night?”
“It was a bash. More guys than I’ve seen in ages. Couldn’t shake ‘em off with a stick. They were all over me. Loved it. Snared me one too. He said he works for the water company and took me home. All night,” she winked at Candyce over the top of Mrs. Winderweedle’s hair, all knotted in rollers and tin foil. “I didn’t see you there though.”
“Sam promised to take me. That’s what he told me Friday night. Said he’d pick me up at nine last night. He promised to pay for everything.”
“And?”
“He never showed up. I called his house, but he wasn’t there. I tried his cell phone, but he must have had it turned off.”
“You can’t trust men these days,” Misty said. 
“Amen,” ventured Mrs. Winderweedle watching in the mirror. “I look like I’m ready to receive a TV signal.”
 “I’ve been stood up too. It really makes me madder than hell,” Misty continued. “Remember that guy who used to sell washing machines. What was his name? Daryl or something like that. He was never on time and sometimes never showed at all. I finally dumped him. I can’t live like that. I’m getting older and don’t have much time to find someone.”
“Yeah, you’re all of twenty-three,” Candyce said.
“Twenty-four a month ago. My mother says I gotta get on the stick if I want to have kids. The old clock, you know. You look like you’re in a hurry to catch a guy too. How do you show so much cleavage and not have them fall out?”
“I’m not showing much. I’m just pretty big up there in case you haven’t noticed.”
“Why show them here? We don’t get a man a month in for a haircut. I don’t want to go out with you.”
“Smarty. I just like to look at them,” Candyce said.
“Mother asks me all the time why I work somewhere where I don’t meet men. That’s stupid she says. She thinks I ought to work construction or something where I’ll fall all over them. Or, she hopes, they’ll fall all over me. Aren’t you cold with them hanging out that much?”
“Nah, they keep each other warm. You haven’t seen Sam, have you? Was he there last night without me? If he was, I’ll cut his thing off. Oh, sorry Mrs. Winderweedle.”
“I’ll help you do it,” Mrs. Winderweedle said, wagging her metallic hair decorations.
“Lawyers are the worst of all,” Candyce said. “You can’t even trust them when they swear to something, like they’ll pick you up and show you a good time. Sam owes me. I show him a good time all the time.”
“I bet you do,” Mrs. Winderweedle said softly.
Monday Evening
Except for the short nap in his office chair that afternoon, Shard had been awake for thirty-six hours and was ready to wilt, but he needed a little something to help him wind down. He went next door to Schuylers, his watering hole of choice, where a century earlier lumberjacks had stuck their axes into the bar and the room’s beams when they came in to drink. Kevin O'Reilly, who had probably been tending bar when the woodsmen tried to chop it into matchsticks, came over.
"Good evening, Lieutenant. Another beautiful day. What'll you have?"
Shard started to order a Utica Club, but his eyes fixed on a bottle of sixteen-year-old Jura behind the bartender's head. It beckoned.
"I have a double Jura 16 with one cube and two drops of the Moose River's clearest, please."
Shard walked over to his table under the stuffed Moose head, next to a window that through its antique, whirly panes, gave him an unobstructed, if somewhat distorted, view of the swirling snow. He took a sip of his scotch. A nice Islay single malt, he thought, light with a bit of a honey taste. He could use some sweetness.
He glanced outside and saw Periwinkle come into the bar. He knew little of her personal life and less about her drinking proclivities, although he had shared a few beers with her. She ordered a shot of Rip Van Winkle with water. A strange choice Shard thought, bourbon up here in the world of blended whiskies. Odder still that O'Reilly had a bottle, but then he knew his customers' preferences.
Periwinkle came over to Shard's table. “May I join you?”
"Please, do," he said, happy for any woman's company, especially one so attractive. As she sat down, he was struck that the separate parts of her face were unremarkable, but together they exuded a pleasant visage, especially when framed by that luxuriant hair.
"I was too wrought up to go home and thought I'd stop to loosen up," Shard said.
"Same here." 
"We've had this case for eighteen hours," he said, "and we are exactly nowhere. That is not a happy portent when the revered policy manuals preach that we make our greatest progress on the first day. The case seems as frozen as the weather."
"Once we’ve identified the corpse, we’ll have a start. At least we'll have something to tell the Kaiser that might pop a hairy smile.”
Shard was about to reply, when he noticed George Witry, one of the local legal-beagles, making his way towards them.
"Hi guys," he pronounced, as took a chair and pushed it a bit too close to the sergeant for her liking. She shifted away from him.
The lawyer was a fixture at Schuylers. About five feet six inches tall, he was wiry, carrying only about 130 pounds, most of it in his fleshy nose. He dressed well, at least for Leyden, Shard had to give him that. He had on an expensive brown Herringbone sports coat and a new regimental tie. Shard had never cared much for him; most of clients were low-lifes, and he often operated at the outer edges of the law. But Shard got along with him because he was always a good gossip. 
"How's the murder investigation coming?"
"Slow." 
"Have you any idea of who the guy is? Or was?" 
"Nope."
"No leads through his fingerprints?”
"Nope."
Shard fished in his shirt pocket for a cigarette.
"We don't get many murders around here," Witry pronounced as if this was startling news.
Shard noticed Periwinkle's eyes had tightened into slits, and she seemed perturbed. She hadn't said a word since Witry sat down. Shard wondered if something was going on under the table. He took another sip of his drink and pondered the matrix of interactions going on right in front of him. God, he thought, if he couldn’t figure this out, how could he solve a murder?
"-- in an election year," he picked Witry up in mid-sentence. "Your boss is in a tough race. It could get mean. Or money, maybe this guy owed someone around here. Or sex, of course." 
Witry laid a lecherous wink on Periwinkle, whose mouth pursed in disgust.
"In any event," he continued, "this one is more complicated than the simple stuff you guys usually get."
Shard was about to rise to the bait when Witry yelled across the room, "Hey Doris, I'll be right over."
"Do you guys know Doris Moon is divorcing Jeffery? We're going to take old Jeff to the cleaners. Glad to see you guys and good luck with the stiff."
Witry laid his paw on top of Periwinkle's hand as he stood up, and Shard noticed that she went rigid to her hairline.
"He's a sleazebag," she said when Witry was out of earshot. "He's been coming on to me since I got here. He’s repellent, and he's shorter than I am, for God's sake. Ugh!"
"And he's a sharpster," she continued. "You know that Alfred Charbeneau is his biggest client." 
"Yeah, he's kept Al out of jail for years," Shard said. "But Al's an old-time crook, has always stuck to running numbers, hustling untaxed whiskey and cigarettes, and operating his floating crap games. He's stayed away from drugs, prostitution, loan sharking, and the rest of that mob stuff. No proof that he's ever resorted to violence, even though he keeps some muscle on his payroll. He's a declining breed, but I suspect he pays Witry well."
Shard was hungry and toyed with inviting Periwinkle to join him for dinner. He hated to eat alone. He couldn't bring himself to ask her, however; he was afraid she'd say no. 
"I've got to get going. It's been a loooong day. Thanks for having a drink with me," he said as he put on his favorite black, boiled wool coat with leather cuffs and collar. He’d inherited the relic from his father and kept wearing it even though it was stiff and the leather was all cracked. 
"See you tomorrow," Periwinkle said.
“I hope so,” he said aloud as he drove home in the swirling snow. 
 Tuesday Morning
Never part with your weapons when out in the fields,
You never know when you will need your spear
(Havamal)
“Hi Al. George Witry.”
“Why the hell are you calling me at this hour? You know I work late.”
“I know Al, but I need some advice.”
“From me? Are you outta your mind? You’re the lawyer Witry. I pay you big bucks for advice, remember? You got this ass-backwards.”
“I do and thanks for my retainer check. But I need some advice that’s more in your league, if you get my drift.”
“I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. Get to the point, will ya?
“Hypothetically speaking, I have a client who has a money problem with a guy who’s not known for his patience. Now --”
“Hypotreteticoly what?”
“Hy-po-the-tic-ally Al. What, are you still asleep?”
“I wish I was. What the hell does that mean. In English.”
“It means that what I’m about to say could be true but isn’t necessarily.”
“Oh, that’s clear. Do any of you fleabag lawyers speak English? I understand the guys who work for me, and none of them graduated from high school. Hell, l bet they were in jail before they got out of junior high.”
“My point exactly, Al.”
“Huh?”
“Let me go on. My client is worried this guy might come after his dough. Might get rough.”
“Now I do. Tell you what I’d do. If he owed me money, I’d have my boys squeeze it out of him. If I was the pigeon, I’d run like hell or kill the guy. Simple, huh? Maybe I ought to charge you for my professional advice.”
“No other suggestions? Something more subtle perhaps?”
“Witry, if this hypothetical guy has lost as much money as you say, ain’t nothing subtle going to work. You don’t gamble with the big boys without which you pay up. Yeah?
“Thanks Al, I’ll pass your advice on to my client. Go back to sleep.”
“Lawyers,” was all Witry heard before the phone slammed down.
Tuesday Morning
The Kaiser had been circumspect about Steubens’ corpse with the newspaper reporter who had still managed to eke eight column inches out of virtually no information. But the boss did allow as how Lieutenant Thomas Shard was in charge of the case and promised that it would not take him long to solve it. Blah, Shard grumbled.
Shard had just claimed his office chair when Johnsen and Periwinkle showed up. They tried to sidle by each other through the door, but Periwinkle, by far the slimmer of the two, slid through first and claimed the chair.
"Okay guys," Shard said, "if we don't make significant progress today, we might as well apply for jobs at the county pound. At least they know who they are chasing."
"I've been thinking," Johnsen said. Shard choked back an inclination to observe that was unusual, and instead looked interested.
"When we got to the murder scene Sunday night, it had been blowing snow all day, and there were three inches or so on the ground, but less in the alley. Still, there was some there, but only one set of footprints, Joe's. How did the murderer get in there? Or out of there? Or was the body deposited much earlier in the evening before it started to snow? Was he killed somewhere else and dropped there? Or did he just stagger up Steubens Alley and hit himself in the face?” 
"Any more questions?" 
"Yeah," Johnsen said as he paced back and forth across the small office. "Why don't we have any answers? To anything." 
"We will today. We get the ME's report this morning, and as soon as we get it translated, we'll know something. Albany should get back to us on the fingerprints we sent yesterday, and by noon the regulars in Schuylers ought to have solved it. By the way, did you see this morning's Sun-Times? The Kaiser said he was sure this would be a short, clean case because I'm on it. That means, boys and girls that your jobs are to make me look good and then the Kaiser will look good. Then those casino types will back his campaign, and we get to keep drawing our munificent paychecks.”
"I like the munificent part," Periwinkle said as the phone rang.
"Lieutenant Shard.” 
He listened for several minutes.
"Do you have a current address for him?" 
“Will you see if he has any priors and get back to me? Many thanks. I owe you guys one. Bye."
Shard looked at his office-mates with a self-satisfied grin.
"I told you we'd make progress today. That was Albany. Our John Doe is one Samuel Landry, age 53, who served in the Navy in the 1970s and left his whorls there. Good guess, huh? We're off."
"Name doesn't ring any bells with me," Johnsen said. "I never heard that name in these parts. Of course, maybe he assumed the surname. Remember Ragnar the Hairy Breeks? He didn’t belong to the Hairy-Breeks family. There wasn't one. He got that name because his pants --"
"Thanks, Knut Blondeson," Periwinkle said, "but we haven't identified anyone named Hairy-Breeks. It's Landry and I haven't heard of that one hereabouts either. I suppose it's French-Canadian."
"Well, he's not from here or Canada either," Shard said. “And he's not Hairy-Breeks' son. The last address Albany has for Landry is in Smytheville, which supports our theory that he was an outsider who ended up here dead for reasons none of us can presently fathom."
"Here's what we're going to do. Johnsen go over to the Sun-Times and persuade those local boosters to run Landry's morgue shot in tomorrow's paper. Emphasize that they didn’t do it yesterday when we wanted it. Ask for public information, especially on his movements over his last couple of days on earth. See if the paper has anything on Landry in its morgue. Be nice to those folks. Tell them about your Norse ancestors. If that fails, try a smile."
“Periwinkle, didn’t you minor in computer science in college?”
“Who told you that? No, I didn’t, but I took every course I could as electives. I like to outwit machines.”
"Well, flex those fingers and get ready to Google." Shard noticed that she had attractive fingers, long and graceful. They looked like they belonged on a flute, he thought. Funny he had not noticed them before. "Dive into the world of ether to search for anything you can find on our Landry. Pay particular attention to information in Smytheville. His address by the way is, or was, 1751 Binghamton Road."
"And you sir?" Periwinkle asked.
"As usual, I have the toughest job. I'm going to call the Smytheville police department to see what they know about this guy. Once we have some idea of whom we are dealing with, we will go down to Smytheville to scout his territory. But we don't want to look like dolts. Now, mush! See you back here after lunch."
As soon as Johnsen and Periwinkle left, Shard reached into the hem of his window curtain and extracted one delicious-looking Camel.
He made his calls, enjoyed a pleasurable lunch at Schuylers where he patently ignored the locals' conversations about the murder, and ducked back into his office early. Before he had time to filch a postprandial smoke, Periwinkle and Johnsen appeared, wreathed in smiles. 
"I talked to the editor at the Sun-Times,” Johnsen said, “and he’ll be happy to send an appeal out in tomorrow's edition, complete with a picture. He apologized for not running the photo today and gave me a long-winded explanation about space limitations, computer parameters, Christmas ads, and the need to print Sunday's bowling league scores, something like that anyway. He pointed out that the Observer-Dispatch did run Landry’s photo this morning, but I guess none of us saw it.” 
"I also checked with Candy Williams in the paper's morgue, and she said she'd see if Landry's name has ever made it into the local rag. Putting the back issues into the computer is a work in progress, she said, which means they've probably only entered today's, so I haven't the foggiest notion of how long it will take. I wonder why someone named Candy works in a morgue anyway? She's not as cute as her name, but not a bad looker either," Johnsen said.
Periwinkle threw him a look of disgust. "These talented fingers,” and she held them up and wiggled them, “have unearthed nothing but vital information. Our Mr. Landry arrived on this firmament on December 12, 1952, at the Millard Fillmore General Hospital in Buffalo, so he hasn't wandered far from his natal area. For sure he hasn't gotten out of the Snow Belt. He enlisted in the Navy in 1973 after he graduated from Niagara University, served four years, and then attended SUNY Albany's Law School where he graduated in 1980. He passed his bar exam that year and joined a Utica law firm. He later opened his own practice in Smytheville. So, his roots are embedded all around here.”
Shard conjured an image of the three of them bent over a deep, wet hole pulling out a tangle of roots and stringing them out in parallel lines along the top of the ground -- until the tree toppled on them.
"The computer also told me that he married Mary Fenton from Smytheville in 1985, and a dip into the town's directory shows they have three children. Landry looks like an exemplary citizen." 
"Well done laddies," Shard said. "Now I'll give you the real scoop on the guy. Asa Perkins, Smytheville's police chief, who seems a veritable font of local gossip, told me our Mr. Landry went through a protracted and nasty divorce about ten years ago after he left his Utica firm and moved to Smytheville. The chief heard the breakup was due to Landry's sinking fortunes in Utica. Something had gone amiss there, and rumors had it that Landry was forced out because he took on some shady clients."
"What kind of a practice did he have in Smytheville?" Periwinkle asked.
"Small-town stuff: wills, probates, real estate closings, and the like. But the chief thought that Landry wasn’t doing that well. He used to live high and bought a big colonial house on Binghampton Road. Of late, though, the place has started to go to rack and ruin. Landry is also behind in his child support, and his ex has pestered Asa to wring some money out of him. Landry told Perkins that he had a big deal brewing, and when it came through, he’d be able to catch up with what he owed."
"Did the chief know what the deal was?" Periwinkle asked.
"He guessed it had to be out of town because he doesn't know of anything big in the works around Smytheville.”
"Was he a boozer?" Johnsen asked. The Norseman wasn't, but he hung around enough bars chatting up sweet young things that he had a nose for those who couldn’t handle the hooch.
"Perkins said Landry was well-known in the local watering holes, but he had no DUI charges against him, at least not around Smytheville."
"How about a girl friend? Mistress? Squeeze? Someone?" Periwinkle asked.
“I didn’t ask Perkins about that. I should have. Maybe he was gambling on a big deal because he had an angry ex-wife and a gold-brick mistress. The sex angle is intriguing, although I can't see why his ex-wife would want him dead before he paid up. Maybe his mistress would though.”
Shard's phone interrupted his thoughts.
Tuesday Morning
A few miles to the west of Leyden, Katherine Waters nursed her daughter, little Emma. She was reading Utica’s newspaper, the Observer-Dispatch, as the three-month old slurped happily. On page two she saw a man’s photograph that flashed the horrifying scene she’d witnessed two nights earlier across her mind. “Good grief, Emma, I know this man,” she said.
She and her husband, Hudson, had stopped in the darkened area behind a Thruway rest stop so that Katherine could nurse a fretting little Emma and Hudson could get some coffee. It was brutally cold that night, she remembered, the kind of cold that makes your bones feel brittle. She kept her motor on to run the heater and was nursing little Emma when a larger car pulled up some distance away, parallel to hers. Katherine felt vulnerable in the dark even though she had insisted Hudson park there so nobody would see her nursing. When she saw the other car, she instinctively locked all of her doors.
She watched the bigger car out of the corner of her eye. It bothered her that nobody got out. The longer it sat there, the more nervous she became. She had to protect little Emma, and that was a big responsibility, she reminded herself. She wished Hudson would hurry and come back.
After what seemed an intermidible time, the back door of the other car swung open, a man stumbled out, and ran towards Katherine. His face was distorted, and he was saying something, probably shouting, Katherine thought. But with her windows up and the noise of the heater, she couldn’t make out his words.
It didn’t make any difference though; she’d already decided that she wasn’t going to open her door for him. Two more men got out of the car. The driver was huge, Katherine saw, a giant. And he was quick on his feet. He caught the screaming man running towards her in a chokehold just a few feet before he reached Katherine’s door. He was so big and strong he jerked the man backwards, almost off his feet. Then the hulk smashed the man across the bridge of his nose with the edge of his other hand. Streams of blood spurted out of the man’s nose. The two pursuers dragged him into the back seat of the car and drove off fast.
Katherine had never witnessed such violence. She was scared motionless. She felt guilty that she hadn’t been able to help the terrified victim, but her first obligation, she knew, was to protect little Emma, who continued to energetically nurse.
She looked again at the newspaper photograph. She didn’t doubt it was the desperate man who had run towards her. She picked up her telephone. 
Tuesday Morning
"Lieutenant Shard."
"This is Katherine Waters in Ogden, and I just read in the O-D about that murder in Leyden. It’s a pretty little town. I haven't been up there in two, or maybe three, years. I'll have to get Hudson; he’s my husband, to take a ride one of these days. I really like the North Country...." 
"Do you know something about the murder, Mrs. Waters?"
"Oh, I saw the murdered man Sunday night."
Shard yanked his right-hand desk drawer all the way out, dumped everything on his desk, unscrewed the top of the cigar tube taped underneath, and slid a Camel out. 
"You say you saw the murdered man Sunday night?" Shard repeated for Johnsen and Periwinkle's benefit. 
"Where?"
"At the West Schuyler rest stop on the Thruway. We were coming home after spending the weekend with Hudson's parents in Gloversville, and Emma was fussy because she was hungry. Hudson pulled around to the back of the gas station so I could nurse her. I didn't want to do that inside or under the lights at the gas pumps, you know. I like a little privacy. Hudson went inside to go to the bathroom and get us coffee. It was cold Sunday night, remember?"
"Yes, I do," Shard said.
"It was kinda dark back there when I was nursing. Emma is a good nurser. She's three months old and has already gained six pounds." 
"And what did you see?" 
Katherine described the entire incident to him in gory detail.
"What happened then?" Shard asked.
"They closed the doors and sped off. But I remember the look on the man's face as he ran towards my car. It reminded me of that famous painting in Norway or Sweden or somewhere that was stolen last summer."
"The Scream?" Shard asked.
"Yes, that's the one. I wish Hudson had been with me. They were gone when he came back with my coffee. Emma was still nursing though. She’s such a good nurser.”
"Would you recognize the two men again?" 
"I would the first one. He was the biggest man I've ever seen. Tall and heavy and wearing a sport coat. The other guy was about Hudson’s size, you know?"
Shard let that one pass.
"Were they white? Black? Asian? Indians? Could you tell?”
"They must have been white because I didn't think, gee, those guys are black, or something."
"You didn't happen to get their license number or notice what state their plates were from?"
"I was too scared. Never thought of it. I'm sorry. Is this any help?” 
“It certainly is. Could you tell me what time it happened?"
"I didn't pay attention to the time, but we got back to Ogden about 10:30, so it must have been about 9:30 or 9:45 because I had to finish nursing Emma, and then we filled up the car with gas. We sat for a while behind the building until Emma finished, and drank that horrible coffee, so that took some more time."
"Could I have your address and telephone number if I have any more questions?" Shard spread the junk from his drawer all over his desk looking for a pen.
Johnsen waited as long as he dared before he tossed Shard his ballpoint and spiral notebook.
"We've hit the mother lode today guys," Shard said, after he hung up. The phone interrupted his recounting of his conversation. 
“The Kaiser wants me,” Shard said.
Tuesday Afternoon
Hilda appeared in a bleaker mood than usual. 
"How's tricks?" Shard asked.
"The boss wants to see you -- now," she said in her best concentration-camp matron's voice.
The Kaiser motioned Shard to take the Queen Anne chair across from his desk. 
"Pretty lousy weather today," Shard said.
"High of 24 with snow flurries, the wind fifteen out of the northwest, the barometer falling slightly, and the possibility of heavier snow tomorrow," the Kaiser intoned as if he had memorized it. He really ought to have been a meteorologist, Shard thought. He loves to reel off the details of truly miserable weather.
"And we have trouble," the Kaiser continued, without pause.
"What kind of trouble?" The last thing Shard needed was more, and he didn't like the pronoun.
"A riot out by Sneeds Corners is exactly what I don't want to see near election time, or any time for that matter."
"What's the problem?" Shard asked.
"The casino company's survey crew is running lines there. It has sent crews out all over the county to keep the real location of the casino secret until the company has purchased all the land it needs." 
"I didn't know that," Shard said, certain that he was the only person in the county who didn't.
"It makes sense," the sheriff said. "That way they can buy the land cheap if the sellers don't know what it's for. But now, the voters who don't want the casino -- and let me remind you, I have verbal assurances of a hefty campaign donation from those guys promoting the casino -- are demonstrating against the surveyors to stop the work. They are all out there, Native-Americans from tribes too small to build their own gambling houses and tree huggers on principle because the area is all farmland from which the trees were removed just before the War of 1812, and not one has been planted since. Even the St. Florians’ parishioners, all my supporters, who oppose gambling on moral grounds -- probably because the Pope doesn’t play five-card stud -- are out there. Don't tell Hilda I said that. Best of all, a couple of thugs representing our old nemesis, Alfred Charbeneau, who is afraid the casino will threaten his numbers racket and crap games, are standing in the cold complaining. Maybe the Mohawks will put him out of business. Wouldn't that be a sweet turn of events? I get my contribution, you keep your job, and we both get rid of the county's biggest contributor to our petty crime rate." The sheriff was so pleased at the thought that he shifted his bulk in his chair.
"What do you want me to do, Sir? I'm up to my elbows in this murder case that you promised the press I'd solve before Santa tries to stuff himself down their chimneys." 
"Plenty of time to get to the bottom of that. This mess out in the county is too public. The press is there, and I'm afraid it may turn nasty. I've got a couple of uniforms out there to keep an eye on things, but I need a graduate of a New York accredited institution of higher learning to talk the whole bunch into going home. Preferably by supper. Today. And if the protesters are smiling as they leave, so much the better. Nothing like smiling faces in the Sun-Times. And you are just the fellow to spread such joy and happiness in my boondocks, Lieutenant."
Shard missed the backhanded compliment. He wondered why he always got stuck with the crappy assignments. His orotund hairiness would bring more authority and prestige to the negotiations than he would, even if he drove his Morgan out there.
"I'll take a ride out to see what I can do," he promised. "I presume the gathering is up on route 26, somewhere close to Sneeds Corners?"
"Yup, just off 26 on the left, going north. Can't miss it," the Kaiser, pleased at resolving his problem, rearranged his hands across his stomach.
Back in his office, Shard went to his filing cabinet, piled two feet high with unfiled folders, pulled out the drawer marked A-F, extracted the folder labeled "C," and removed a Camel. It was the last one, so he put the folder on top of the pile just as Periwinkle came in.
"Was the Kaiser pleased?" 
"He never mentioned the case." 
"Why?"
"He's got what he thinks is a riot on his hands and wants you and me to go out there this afternoon to defuse it," Shard said, surprised he had included her. Might be a brilliant idea though. A feminine presence might defuse tempers. On the other hand, in a real cock-up, he'd rather have the mad Norwegian swearing archaic oaths and swinging a Viking battle-ax, as he imitated those berserkers who were all long-lost relatives of his.
"Me, Sir?" Periwinkle asked.
"Yup, your job is to get two piping-hot coffees and a couple of hot donuts, the ones with no calories, and I'll meet you in the parking lot. I have a moral obligation to finish this cigarette."
Tuesday Afternoon
Shard suggested she drive. The roads were clear, and her mind slipped into that very private space she usually reserved for that moment before she fell asleep at night, when she contemplated her life. Almost thirty years old and no serious relationship in sight, she thought ruefully. The only men she knew well were the two she worked with, and office romances, she knew, were never a good idea. But they were both available, Johnsen maybe too available. He was a nice guy, college educated, and just the right age, but he trailed the baggage of a first wife, and if Periwinkle had to spend the rest of her days listening to his Norse tales, she'd slit her throat -- and his. Nevertheless, he was attractive and would make good-looking children, huge and blonde.
Shard was a different matter. He was a tad old for her, nearing forty, and therefore, he probably wouldn't be interested in starting a family. But he was tall and cute and had nice, wavy dark hair. She could picture herself wrapped in his arms, snuggled down on a cold evening sipping four fingers of something, listening to U-2 in front of a fire as the snow drifted down. She knew that Shard was an emotional casualty, but his very vulnerability somehow made him more attractive. She especially liked that she could ride in comfortable silence with him without feeling she had to chatter mindlessly. He was like an old shoe.
The shoe spoke, "A penny for your thoughts." 
If her life had depended upon it, she would not have divulged them. "I was just washing river rocks." 
Tuesday Evening
"If that's all you’re doing, turn left up ahead."
The dirt road led to the gathering of about thirty people, muffled against the wind, surrounding a black SUV with four men inside running its heater. Not far away a lonely transit stood with its plumb line rotating in the wind. Shard wondered why they didn’t get their survey information from a GPS. 
The sheriff's deputies sat in their marked car about twenty yards away, staying close to its heater. Shard and Periwinkle got into the back seat.
"They're all mad," the deputy behind the wheel said. "They don't want no gambling anywhere near here, and they ain't going to allow the surveyors to do their work. And besides they've dug up a body over there."
"What? Why wasn't I told that?"
"They just found it about an hour ago, and I called it in to headquarters. You must've left before. Sorry. The surveyors were driving stakes, and one done went four feet into the ground when the guy whacked it with a sledge. When they dug it out, they found the body. I guess they wasn't going to tell anyone, but some of these people saw it, and now everyone's mad. Indians don't want nobody messing with their dead."
Damn, just what I need, Shard thought, a corpse buried in the middle of the Kaiser's campaign fund.
"Okay, get Doc Fox out here to examine the body. God, won't he be happy? We have to find out if it's a Native American. The corpse is old, isn't it?" 
"I guess so," the driver said.
Shard looked over at Periwinkle and was struck with the fleeting thought that in this light her green eyes looked spectacular against her auburn locks. He had to stop this. He'd been without a woman too long.
 Periwinkle wondered what was going through Shard’s mind as he stared at her. If eyes are windows on the soul, she thought, his shades seemed to be drawn.
He and Periwinkle approached the knot of protesters huddled together like penguins against the icy blasts of wind and blowing snow.
"What's the problem here?"
The babble was instant as the protesters turned to look at the intruders, although they kept the SUV surrounded. 
"Whoa! Calm down," Shard shouted. "One at a time."
"We don't want gamblers here," a woman yelled. "They'll bring the mob, steal poor folks' money, and throw them on the welfare rolls to live off our taxes."
Someone else piped in with, "The Indians will take all the money and not pay any taxes. The casino will take this land off the county tax rolls and increase our taxes."
Periwinkle recognized Charbeneau's two goons. Public demonstrations were not Charbeneau's style. He liked to work behind the scenes, preferably on dark and stormy nights. Periwinkle made a mental note to mention Charbeneau's thugs to Shard if and when they could persuade these people to get on with their lives.
John Poppe, Leyden's resident financial advisor, cum tax preparation expert, claimed, "The only local people who might make money out of this are the landowners, but they won't make much either. They are being cheated because they are selling out to a land company that resells the land to the casino corporation. The middlemen and the lawyers are the only ones who are going to make the big money.”
Shard had no idea who sold land to whom for what. He just wanted them all to go away. With photogenic smiles.
A woman introduced herself as Cynthia McNaughton, chairwoman of Save Mohawk County's Environment, a group which she was careful to explain in exact detail was a subgroup of yet another subgroup that was affiliated with a state organization that traced its roots to the Sierra Club and John Muir in the nineteenth century.
Shard noticed that his feet were freezing. 
McNaughton droned on: "The casino will pave over the county, accelerate the greenhouse effect, increase traffic on our streets, and cause more auto fatalities. It will affect water runoff, force wildlife from their natural habitats, and overburden our water, electrical, and sewerage system."
"Folks," Shard began, without a notion of what he was going to say, "you may all be right. This might be an unmitigated disaster for the county. I don't know. I'm just a humble law enforcement officer who has been sent out here to make sure that nobody gets hurt. You have been most peaceful, and Sergeant Periwinkle and I applaud you. But now you need to go home, get warm, eat dinner, and organize your campaign against the casino. To be honest, we would like to go home too."
"What about the body?” A lonely voice from the dark middle of the penguin press called out.
"The county coroner is on his way here to examine it. His preliminary results ought to be available in a couple of days."
Someone in the pack mumbled, "Yeah, right." Shard could sense that the crowd was ready to stow its anger and go home. People were shifting from foot to foot, and some were rubbing their arms and ears in an effort to restore their circulation.
He thanked them for their concerns, shook several cold hands, and herded them towards the road.
He said to Periwinkle in an aside, "At least they're leaving even if they aren’t smiling. That should keep the Kaiser happy."
Shard and Periwinkle freed the surveyors, who had been captive in their vehicle for over five hours. They glanced at Periwinkle, scrambled out the other side of the car, and lined up with their backs to her. Periwinkle grinned and turned away.
“Thanks for getting rid of those lunatics,” the surveyors’ boss said.  “We’re from Watertown and were hired by the United Land Company in Albany to mark off this tract. I don’t know what the fuss is about. I just want to finish my contract. Is it safe to come back tomorrow?" 
“I think so,” Shard said. “We’ll keep an eye on things.”
No sooner had the words left his mouth than he heard a truck rattling up the dirt road.
Tuesday Evening
Periwinkle and Shard saw Doc’s 1953 Chevrolet pick-up truck clattering towards them. Doc had an unnatural attraction to this relic, something few, other than Shard, could understand. The old truck was rusty, dirty, and ugly, much like Doc, but it always ran. 
"What do you do, Shard? Go around burying corpses whenever we have foul weather?" he muttered around his cigar butt. Shard noticed he never picked on Periwinkle. He wondered if Doc was uneasy around women? Or was he a gentleman from the old school?
"I figured you needed some exercise before you pack in a heavy dinner," Shard said.
"You're on a roll, Lieutenant. This is your second corpse in two days. That's something of a record hereabouts. But do you think you could postpone your assault on crime statistics until after the weather gets better, say in June? Or when I'm on vacation? Where is it?"
"Down there by the creek." Shard pointed in its general direction.
"Oh good! I get a vigorous walk to boot."
Doc was not the fastest walker in the county. Shard supposed that was due to the six decades of cigar ash in his lungs. Upon reflection, however, he realized he had never seen him actually smoke a cigar.
They found the skeleton curled up in the fetal position. Without even bending over, Doc delivered his predictable opinion: "This one's dead."
"May I quote you on that?" Shard asked. Periwinkle gave the two of them a look of pure disgust and walked away to see if a late sunset would break through the snow-filled clouds. Women would never engage in such senseless conversation, she decided, and certainly not in this cold. Their give and take was a variation on a male pissing contest.
"Now that I've told you all that you need to know, can I go on home to my toddy and dinner?" 
"What I really need to know --" 
"Is how long has he been dead?" Doc guessed.
"Something like that, but also information about his ethnicity."
"What? Why?" 
 "If he's an Indian, we've got problems, and so do lots of other people, not to mention my boss." 
"And if he's Croatian?”
" I don't care."
"He's Indian then, can I leave?" Doc said all in one breath.
"You don't know that, not from this distance."
"I ain't getting in that cold hole tonight. I have my fragile health to think of."
"Oh God!" Periwinkle said almost audibly. Her feet were freezing, her nose was running, and she was hungry. 
"Okay let's compromise," Doc said. "You have someone deliver these bones to my shop tomorrow. Then I'll render my expert, unimpeachable opinion. I'll even throw in this man's gender for free.” 
Doc turned and began his long, slow amble back to his truck followed by the two half-frozen detectives.
"It's a deal," Shard shouted into the teeth of a wind gust.

CHAPTER 3:  LAND, MORE LAND
Tuesday Evening
Johnsen was toasty warm at Schuylers’ bar sipping a Meyer's Rum and Coke -- not that he had been outside long enough to get cold. When Hilda told him Shard and Periwinkle had drawn Arctic explorer duty, Johnsen wondered who owned the land out there. He walked the short distance to the county clerk’s office to check the deed records. Rosemarie, who was the registrar, bookkeeper, file clerk, desk manager, telephone girl, greeter, and probably janitor too, was always easy on the eyes and fun. Johnsen wondered how some of the world's most interesting people worked routine jobs tucked away at the end of basement halls. In his experience, these lonesome folk were sometimes pretty lively. The college librarians he had dated in Bemidji, many of whom worked in the bowels of the building, had been experts in more than the Dewey Decimal System. Unfortunately, Rosemarie was happily married and had two kids. 
"Hello gorgeous." 
"On a day like today, everyone alive looks pretty good, even you Sergeant. You know I'll fetch whatever you want, even without the compliments."
"Yup, and I've been thinking. That casino seems to be everywhere and nowhere. This afternoon surveyors on a farm up by Sneeds Corners drew a crowd. Shard and Periwinkle have been sent there to test their polar wear and prevent a fight. Now, me thinks to meself, is that where the casino is going, or is it only a decoy to let the Mohawks buy cheap property elsewhere? In other words, where the hell is the casino going? Do you know?"
"If I had a dollar for everybody who asked me that, I'd be sitting in my Aspen ski lodge right now. And if I knew the answer, I could make a lot of people, especially real estate agents, ecstatic. But I don't, and if the casino people are smart, I will be the last person to find out. After all, I know everybody in the county who owns taxable land."
"I thought you either didn't know or wouldn't tell me." 
"I probably wouldn't, unless there was a crime involved. But I can say this; an awful lot of land has turned over in the past six months. People all of a sudden want to invest in poor old Mohawk County. If I had just fallen off Uranus straight into this office, I could figure out that something big is up. Having got that off my chest, what can I do for you besides not telling you what you really want to know?"
"Could you look up a title transfer for me?" Johnsen glanced at Rosemarie’s modest chest that pressed its caressable mounds against her pink sweater. That popular song years back, Hey Little Girl in the High School Sweater, was a perfect description of the delectable Rosemarie.
"Okay, where?" the sweater asked.
"That farm out near Sneeds Corners.”
"I don't have to look that one up. That's the Opydyke place. Been in the family for generations. Paul Opydyke is my husband's second cousin, or something. The sale was a surprise because Paul is a good farmer. He was one of the first people I know who owned a PC. He earned enough to take his family to Florida for a month every winter and to hire a man to help him on the farm. Then, he just upped and sold out. Maybe he was tired of looking at cows' hind ends and wanted to contemplate more scenic vistas. I don't know."
"What did he get for it?" Johnsen asked.
"$2,000 an acre, more than twice what farm land is going for.”
“Do you remember who bought the place?"
"Some fellow from Albany, R.E. Lee, bought the house, barn, and property. I remember that because I thought the name was funny, you know? Who would name a kid in Albany after a Confederate general? I'm assuming that R.E. stands for Robert Edward."
"My God, you know Robert E. Lee's middle name? I'm impressed. What did this guy look like?"
"Wouldn't know him if he dropped dead on my breadboard. He was never in here. George Witry acted as his agent, signed all the papers, paid all the fees, and delivered the check to Paul."
"What would a Confederate general in Albany want with a dairy farm at Sneeds Corners? And why would he want it resurveyed? Didn't Witry demand a title search before he closed the deal?” 
"George got his title guarantee. He's no fool when it comes to realty. He's handled more than his fair share of it.” 
"Has General Lee resold the property?” 
"The farm has not been resold, or I'd know about it. The title transfer would have to be registered here for tax purposes.”
"Very interesting," Johnsen mused as he appraised the delicious swells under her sweater. "You don't happen to have a sister, do you?" 
"As a matter of fact, I do, Maureen. She lives down in Rome with her husband, three kids, two dogs, a cat, and several goats. Why?"
"Just wondered," Johnsen said, picturing the goats in mud season.
 Tuesday Evening
Shard said it was only fair that he drive back. But first he unsnapped the sawed-off shotgun from the dashboard, tipped its barrel down, and caught the Camel that fell out. "I'll just have a short smoke before we leave.” 
The two rode in silence until Periwinkle's jaw hinges defrosted. 
"Did you notice that Charbeneau had a couple of his thugs there? I wonder what his game is? The casino is bound to hurt him -- unless, of course, he has an interest in it and had his boys out there to protect it. What do you think?"
Shard's jaw may have thawed, but he wasn't sure about his brain. "You know, I hadn’t given a moment’s thought to the casino, and now the damn thing pops up everywhere and even threatens our jobs. Why didn’t I see this coming? I read the papers and talk to the old boys in Schuylers who know everything.”
"Oh, don't be so hard on yourself.”
"But I have this feeling it's becoming our problem," Shard said. "It's all I've heard about for the last three days, and it’s the direct cause of my feet, fingers, and brain being half frozen. What do you say we stop for something to warm us up before I run you home?"
"A fine idea.”
"Schuylers it is then." 
Shard spied Johnsen sitting at the bar. To meet Johnsen in a bar was pretty common, but to find him in Schuylers was rare. The game he stalked frequented livelier establishments. The three of them carried their drinks to Shard’s table under the moose head that jutted out a good four feet from the stonewall.
"I wonder how long that poor fellow has been hanging there," Johnsen asked. "He looks like he was a right ruddy guy in his prime. That's a helluva a rack on him."
"Did you accomplish anything this afternoon while Periwinkle and I were stranded in the frozen wastes toiling to keep the Kaiser's reelection campaign afloat?" Shard hated mixed metaphors.
"I've been below ground most of the afternoon trying to solve our murder, Stutzenberger's political problems, and your exposure risk to the unkind elements," Johnsen said. "I went over to the court house to see Rosemarie.”
"Ah yes, the beguiling Rosemarie. Just the antidote to a bleary afternoon and the piles of unsolved crimes on your desk," Shard said as he sipped his scotch. 
"Well she's a looker, no doubt, but she's also thoroughly-married and not available. Not even to me."
Periwinkle frowned.
"But she had some interesting stuff. It seems that an Albany guy, R.E. Lee, bought that land you defended all evening."
"Oh sure, and Stonewall Jackson sold it to him," Shard said.
"No, no, Paul Opydyke did about ten days ago," and Johnsen filled them in on the details.
"The important thing though," Johnsen leaned into the table to share his juicy morsel, "is that Witry acted as Lee's agent. Rosemarie never saw Lee."
"Lee's the man behind the casino? If it is the casino we are talking about," Periwinkle said. "Witry was the reason Charbeneau's men were out at the surveyor hostage-taking this afternoon? How far does the casino thing extend?" 
"Interesting question," Shard said. In the back of his mind, he thought that while they speculated on the casino, they made zero progress towards finding Landry's murderer. 
"Speaking of the devil," Johnsen said sotto voce, "Witry’s   coming over."
"Just what I want," Shard said, "to talk to a lawyer, especially that one." He took a hurried gulp of his drink to steel himself.
"How's the local constabulary doing this fine evening? I suppose it's too cold out there for crooks, muggers, druggies, and murderers. Lucky for you."
Shard wasn’t in the mood for Witry’s sarcasm. He ground his teeth to keep his mouth shut, caught O'Reilly's eye behind the bar, and wagged a finger in the air. The bartender reached into the back package of beef jerky hanging over the bar, extracted a Camel, and gave it to the waitress to deliver. 
"We're just discussing the ins and outs of the casino," Periwinkle said, hoping Witry would go away.
"It's going to be a boon for Leyden," the lawyer promised. "Everybody will come up a winner. We'll see cash in this town like we haven't enjoyed since we cut the first growth of timber. I'm all for the Mohawks and wish them the best of luck."
Periwinkle's and Johnsen's thoughts ran parallel. If Witry made a significant portion of his living representing Charbeneau, who made his money from illegal gambling, why would Witry support the casino, which could only hurt Charbeneau? Shard concentrated on his teeth and speculated on the degree of dental damage he had done to prevent himself from cramming Witry's dentition down his throat.
"Do you know a guy by the name of Robert E. Lee?" Johnsen asked.
"That’s a joke, right?” Witry asked. “Hell, I'm not old enough to have known the general, and besides, my forbears fought on the right side. In fact, they contributed to that cannon in our park, the memorial to the Union dead. As a kid, I straddled its barrel and pretended to lob shells at the Rebels.”
“It’s odd that you represented a Mr. R.E. Lee a couple of weeks ago when he bought the Opydyke farm,” Johnsen said. “Today protestors were out there along with Charbeneau's boys. What I want to know is who this guy Lee is and why his farm has caused all this trouble."
"Oh, you mean Robin E. Lee from Albany. He needed local representation in the deal, and I helped him out. I don't know anything about the protest, and you'll have to ask Mr. Charbeneau why he's interested.”
Shard was struck by Witry's change of voice. He was all of a sudden very careful in the way he phrased his answers, almost as if he were talking to a jury or a cop. Witry was obviously uncomfortable with Johnsen’s questions.
"Well, I've got to run,” Witry said. “Take care in this weather." 
"Yeah, he probably hopes we'll freeze to death before we ask him anything else," Johnsen said.
“It's 9:20,” Shard said, “and I'm starved. I'd like to see what Mrs. O can scrape up to hold body and soul together. You guys want to join me?" 
"I had a bite on the way over from Rosemarie’s office, and it's time for me to head home," Johnsen replied, as he got out of his chair. Shard thought he'd probably hit every bar in town on the way, but said nothing, just nodded. Periwinkle, however, said, "I've been salivating over my cocktail napkin. I'd eat Mrs. O's pot-scrapings."
Shard was struck by the thought that he’d just arranged a date. He smiled.
They sat for a minute looking at each other. Shard wasn’t sure what to talk about. The casino and the murder would be the safest topics. Any discussion of her private life and feelings, which he’d like to know about, would be dangerous ground. The more he considered his options, the more he wanted a smoke. He signaled O'Reilly again, but the barkeep shook his head no. Shard was sorry he’d told O’Reilly he was trying to stop; the barkeep took it too seriously sometimes.
At last Shard said, “We’ve wasted an entire day freeing hostages when we ought to have been looking for Landry's murderer. Tomorrow we’ll go down to Smytheville. He lived there long enough to leave footprints. We’ll also get a warrant to search his house.”
"What bothers me most about the case is why he died here,” Periwinkle said. “If he was killed somewhere else, why did they dump him here? I keep going back to the natural inclination to hide a body. I know I would if I killed someone. I wonder if they wanted us to find it? And if so, why?” 
"I'm still thinking about that Waters woman's phone call," Shard said. "It's the only lead we have. Her story explains the blow Landry took, but it doesn't tell us whether it killed him. She said they dragged him back to the car. Was he unconscious? Dead? And why drive all this way to dispose of him. Why not leave him behind the gas station where he’d be found just as soon? We're missing something here."
When the waitress brought their food, they fell upon it as if they hadn’t eaten since Labor Day. As they chased their food around their plates, they occasionally locked eyes across the table. Shard did work two sentences around mouthfuls, "Great food,” and “How’s your salad?" 
"Pretty good. The lettuce has crunch. Where do you think she gets it this time of year?"
"I can't imagine a head of lettuce would dare wilt on Mrs. O.”
"To get back to the murder,” Periwinkle said, “I have to believe that Witry is mixed up in it somehow, if only through Charbeneau.”
"You hate the guy so much you hope that he's involved.”
"Maybe that's it. I don't know, but he gives me the creeps."
"Now that you mention it, I am surprised that Witry has been so interested in what we are doing. He seems almost too interested. Usually all he talks about are sports and local gossip.”
“Maybe Witry supports the Kaiser's opponent this year and is pumping us for information that he can use against the Kaiser. Is Witry political?"
"I’ve never heard him mention politics. But given his profession, I’d guess he’s a Republican.”
"He should like the Kaiser then," Periwinkle said, "if only because he hasn’t nailed Witry's favorite client. Since I've been here, the Kaiser hasn't investigated any gambling in the county. Most bars have tip boards and slots that I'm convinced pay off under the table."
"Knowing the Kaiser," Shard said, "I wouldn't be surprised if he hadn't the slightest knowledge of such stuff. I'll wager the Mohawk County Club doesn't have video poker and tip boards. Further, I'll bet the folks he hangs around with socially, the local doctors, dentist, pharmacist, ministers, and priest, are as innocent as he is. He knows we have cards and craps, but he hasn’t caught Charbeneau at it. Maybe O'Reilly hides tip boards under the bar. I don’t know. I come in here because he won’t allow video games. Of course, it helps that it's next door to our office, and I sorta like its early nineteenth century ambience.”
"Well, I wouldn't object to table cloths, real silver, and forty-watt bulbs once in a while. I suppose to ask for flowers on the tables would be a little excessive given Schulyers' regular clientele." She gave Shard what he swore was a wink. 
"On second thought, maybe I don't want to see what brighter lights would expose." 
Shard hated for the dinner to end, but said, "it's getting late and time for me to turn in.” They walked out into a stiff wind.
"Did you ever notice that wind speed is always inversely proportional to the temperature? God is perverse," Shard said.
There was a moment’s hesitation after he stopped in front of her house. Periwinkle thanked him and went in. Afterwards, he thought maybe he should have offered to walk her to her door. 
  Tuesday Afternoon
At Tony’s car wash in Albany, the owner answered his phone.
“Tony, this is Al.”
“Who?”
“Al.”
“I can’t hear you. I’m standing next to the wax machine.”
“You never put any wax in the machine. Why stand there?”
“This is the mayor’s personal car. I gotta put wax on it.”
“Yeah, if you don’t, the mayor will cut your free water off. Go outside. I gotta talk to you. We got a little problem.”
“Okay, I’m on the sidewalk. Can you hear me now?”
“Yeah. Here’s our problem: Landry’s dead.”
“So, what’s wrong with that. The bastard deserved to die.”
“We didn’t want to kill him, remember?”
“So maybe he just died. It happens.”
“Don’t be stupid, Tony. You know he didn’t just die. Tiny killed him.”
“Why do you keep that retard around? He’s dumber than my customers who think I really put wax on their cars. You can’t trust him to get coffee. He’s not even Italian. You could at least hire someone we know. So, why did he off the louse?”
“He hit him.”
“So?”
“Too hard, he thinks. Probably killed him.”
“Probably? You don’t know?”
“I do now. A friend in Utica called this morning and told me it was in the papers. The bastard is really dead.”
“Where did Tony dump him?”
“You don’t want to know.”
“Try me.”
“In the street in Leyden.”
“In the street? God Almighty, didn’t you teach that idiot nothing? Well, at least it’s Leyden, not here. The cops in the boondocks are probably as dumb as Tiny. They’ll never trace this back to us. And think about it. Landry, dead or alive, don’t make any difference. We still get what we want.”
“I suppose, but I wanted you to know in case the cops come sniffing around. Be sure to tell Joe. He ain’t gonna be happy. Talk to him next to your wax machine. Then he can’t hear you good and won’t know nothing for sure.”
Wednesday Morning
Still young, a march I’ve stolen
Brings me to Yngvar’s homestead;
Fain am I to find him,
That lingthong’s bedgold-giver.
(Egil’s Saga, Chpt. 31)
Shard found the sheriff squeezed in his chair with his pudgy fingers intertwined across the front of his shirt. Shard explained how he and Periwinkle had convinced the crowd to go home, and the Kaiser nodded in agreement. Anything was okay with him as long as it didn’t alienate his supporters and contributors. His eyes lit up when Shard mentioned that the surveyors worked for the United Land Company or, as they called it, ULC.
"Those are the people who promised support for my campaign," he said. "They are impressed with the way we keep crime in check and the community happy. Voters like us, Lieutenant. We make them feel secure, and I want to keep it that way."
"Do you know, or can you find out what the relationships are among the ULC, the Mohawks, and the casino?" Shard asked. "Are they all the same? Or does the ULC buy the land, build the building, and lease the whole kit and caboodle to the casino? Is the ULC only a middleman? All these possibilities make me a bit curious. I’d like to know exactly what was going on out there at Sneed’s Corners. In the meantime, though, I want to get back to the Landry case. We are going down to Smytheville today, and I need a couple of warrants for us to search his house and office. I'd appreciate it if you'd get them for me.”
With his Sneeds Corners’ flank secured, the Kaiser nodded his assent. "I'll send Cody over to get them right away."
Back in his office, Shard explained, "the Kaiser will get us search warrants. He was pleased at how we handled the crowd yesterday, Periwinkle, but he did notice that the Sun-Times' photographer didn’t catch any of them smiling. The best part of the meeting was that Hilda fixed me an excellent cup of coffee. The Kaiser must smuggle in his beans from Cuba or Sierra-Leone or somewhere. I think our machine downstairs brews its coffee from local rhubarb leaves." 
“Before we go to Smytheville and while we're waiting for the warrants, I want you, Periwinkle, to track down Robin E. Lee in Albany. We may have to talk to him if this casino thing gets any hotter. Johnsen, I want you to use your Viking charm to con a subpoena out of the courthouse clerk for Landry's phone records in Smytheville. Get her to have the judge sign it while you are standing there flexing your biceps and flashing your big blue eyes. See you back here when you’re done."
After they left, Shard reached into his cabinet and pulled out the file labeled "S." It was empty. I must be getting forgetful, he thought, as he riffed through the pages in his unabridged dictionary until he found the one headed "camorrist," reminding him of why he became a cop, and found his Camel. It looked like an English Oval, but he knew that shape had nothing to do with taste.
He called Chief Perkins and told him they would be down after lunch and then worked down the stack of papers in his “in” box. He hated this part of the job. He had a breaking and entering investigation on hold that would probably dangle forever because the thieves didn't take much. The paperwork on DUIs was almost six inches thick. For some reason, he thought, everybody drove drunk in the winter. Johnsen said it made perfect sense; Vikings drank more then too.
Wednesday Noon
A couple of hours later, Johnsen and Periwinkle showed up. Periwinkle beat Knut in, so she claimed the chair and the right to speak first.
"There's only one Robin E. Lee in all of Albany County," she said. "She’s nineteen years old. I figured that might yank her out of our picture, but I called her anyway. You'd have thought I fell off the back of a sheep truck on her dining room table. She got so flustered it took me ten minutes to calm her down and find out that she's never heard of Leyden.
"That's fishy," Shard said.
"It gets fishier," Periwinkle continued. "There is no R.E. Lee, R. Lee, or Robert E. Lee in the phone directory. But then I let my talented fingers do their thing. Their ability to breach firewalls is the one positive thing my ex-boyfriend left me when he went to Iraq. I never did like his Harley and all that leather stuff, especially in the summer. Leather is hot."
This was the first Shard had heard of a boyfriend. A biker? That's what turned her on? If she liked biker types, he and his old Morgan hadn't a prayer. 
Seated on the overturned trashcan, Johnsen also noted Periwinkle's rare personal revelation. The New World Norwegian was happy to see that at least she wasn’t an ice maiden. She does, or rather has, gone out -- with a biker no less. That's a side of her he’d never seen, but he liked it, especially her hot comment. 
Periwinkle pulled them back to reality. “He was the fastest hacker I've ever seen, and he did it effortlessly. He taught me a couple of tricks that have come in handy, and one got me into the post office box names and addresses and lo! What do you think I found? Mr. R.E. Lee has a post box. I retrieved a copy of his or her application, and it lists an address as 2224 Marlene Street, Apartment #2, Albany. I called a librarian friend in Albany and she said the street exists, but the house numbers only run through the 900s. Clever, huh?"
Shard was stuck on Periwinkle's ‘Lo!’ but said, "Perhaps, too clever."
"The piscine smell gets more intense. While I was ensnared in the postal database, I checked to see who else owned boxes in that post office. And right there was the United Land Company. So, I looked up its box application and guess who signed it?"
"What is this, twenty-questions?" Johnsen asked.
"Our very own friend, R.E. Lee. And his address? Yup! 2224 Marlene Street along with his other box in the same post office. Unless this guy is very, very tiny and lives in one of the larger post boxes, someone is pulling our leg. He owns a chunk of land in Mohawk County and lives in either a post office or at a non-existent address. What the hell is going on?"
"So," she continued, "I dipped into the New York State license bureau records to find Mr. Lee's real address. I'm not going to ask you to guess what I found. There is no Mr. Robin E. Lee anywhere in the state with a driver’s license, just the Ms. I've already found. I checked all the R.E. Lees, R. Lees, and Robert E. Lees, and came a cropper for everywhere east of Buffalo. This guy doesn’t drive, not in our state anyway. Maybe he has no place to park his car because his postal box is so small. Damn!"
"Great job," Shard said, "Lack of evidence is sometimes more important than what we know. Remember Sherlock Holmes and the dog that didn't bark?" They gave their boss quizzical looks.
“I’ve been thinking,” Johnsen said. “Rosemarie told me Lee bought the Opydyke farm. The surveyors working on his land were hired by the ULC, and Lee signed for the ULC post office box in the same post office where he lives. Maybe he owns the ULC. Or someone else does and uses Lee as his front man. And how does the casino connect with Lee and the ULC?”
Shard said, "I've been thinking," and called the Kaiser. He caught him on the way out to his weekly massage. Shard guessed he probably had to pay a surcharge to get all that excess skin kneaded and oiled.
"Sir, who promised you the casino's contribution? Thanks. Bye."
"Well, that completes the tangle, but we might've guessed it. Witry promised the contribution and signed the land purchase forms for Lee. That makes two connections between the men. I wonder if the Kaiser has any idea that there might be problems with his promised money? I’m not going to tell him though. Hell, I can’t figure the connections out myself.”
Shard checked his watch. "Do you kiddies realize that we've done nothing the whole morning to solve the only murder on our plate?”
"Oh, but I have," Johnsen said. "I have here in my pocket two signed warrants to snoop through Landry's stuff, but it’s going to take some time to get the subpoena for Landry’s phone records. I am the only one who hasn’t been sidetracked by inconsequential dithering over that damned Indian casino. I don't care who builds it. I'm not going to gamble there anyway. The Kaiser doesn't pay me enough. But I am interested in Periwinkle's old boyfriend with the Harley. He wasn't named Robert E. Lee by any chance?"
A hint of a blush seeped up from the front of her blouse, but her thin-lipped grimace announced that the subject was closed. She knew she should have kept her mouth shut.
Shard was savvy enough not to wade into their exchange. He suspected that Johnsen might yet catch Periwinkle's eye, especially now that he knew about her attraction to he-man types who straddled loud and fast things. Johnsen had just bought a new Cobra Mustang convertible. It was fast, sporty, and loud. She might like that, Shard thought. At least it always started and had real windows and a heater that worked.
Wednesday Noon
"Okay guys, it's time to hit the road. Last one out has to drive." Shard pulled on his coat, opened his stapler, and shook out a Camel on his way out the door. 
They stopped at Arcadia's version of Schuylers, a two hundred-year-old building with a sign out front that majestically proclaimed, “HOTEL.” Johnsen said, “I bet nobody has rented a room in this place since Olaf fixed his grappling hooks to the piers under London Bridge and pulled it into the Thames.” He began singing, "London Bridge is falling down, falling down...." 
"For his efforts," Shard said, "Olaf was canonized. I’ve heard that story a dozen times, Norseman.”
"Yeah, but he was King of Norway. The Pope thought we needed a saint, and Olaf was taller than everyone else, and his corpse was fresher."
"That’ll make my lunch much tastier," Periwinkle said.
"Why is it," Shard between mouthfuls, "that the English have all those great names for their pubs? Stuff like the Boar and Goose, or The Lame Man, or the Glass and Sheep, or something. For two hundred years this place has been called “Hotel.” Why are our bars called Bob's, or The Bide A Wee, or Mayo's, or something else stupid? Have we no imagination? Is that why English detective stories are so much shorter than American ones? Because the Brits use their imaginations and solve their murders faster than plodders like us who have spent half a day chasing Robert E. Lee and are now grinding our way through lunch at the Hotel. I'll bet if we were drinking our noon Guinesses in The Crown and Goat's Rump, we'd have this case already wrapped up so we could spend the rest of the afternoon thinking about what the Queen carries in her handbag."
"Does that require a reply, Boss?" Johnsen couldn’t figure out how Olaf had morphed into something about goats' rumps and the Queen. He wondered where Shard got this stuff.
Chief Perkins was waiting at Smytheville's police station. When he rose to greet them, Shard saw that the chief was a short, skeletal man with an elongated, pinched face who looked every inch ex-military. Why is it, Shard thought, that short men stand up ramrod straight when tall guys, like me, walk around all slumped over.
"Have a seat," Perkins said. The three of them glanced at the two chairs. Just like home. Protocol dictated that Shard take the one closest to Perkins’s desk. Then it became murky. Johnsen had the seniority, Periwinkle the gender. Johnsen motioned her to the remaining seat while he checked the windowsills that were much too narrow. He stood.
Perkins led off with a fastball over the middle of the plate as Shard later put it, ignoring his own cliché. "We can't find Landry's secretary or her husband. They seem to have gone missing." 
"When?" Shard asked.
"Near as we can tell, either yesterday or maybe even Monday night. Nobody saw them yesterday. Not that they were often around town, mind you. Mac Holton, the husband, is a retired power company lineman. Got too old to climb poles in storms. A quiet man. Nice enough fellow though. He's got a huge model train layout that runs all over his house. I guess he stays home and fiddles with it or something."
"I went out to their house yesterday to see how Harriet, that's his wife, was doing. Nobody answered. I went back after lunch, same thing. I tried just before I went home. Nobody there, no lights, no sign of their car. I checked with their neighbors down the road, but they didn't know anything. Harriet and Mac have two grown kids who live out of town. I called them and neither one knows where the parents are. But they’re not worried. They said their parents often take off on trips without letting them know. Harriet works, or worked, for Landry only part time. Since Landry was gone so much, she set her own schedule. She kept his appointments, filed his paperwork, and did his billing."
"Tell us more about her," Shard said.
"She was born right here in Smytheville. Not the prettiest thing, but nice and pleasant. Got a bit chubby as she got older, but always keeps herself up nice, well-done hair and pretty clothes. She could always be counted on to bring a homemade casserole to church doings. Salt of the earth, you know? Did all right in high school, never went to college, nor did Mac for that matter, but sharp enough to work for a lawyer. Always was a stickler for good grammar. Boy, could she diagram sentences in the seventh grade. That's exactly the kind of woman she still is.” 
"Don't you find it odd that they disappeared right after her boss was killed? Were they frightened of something?" Shard asked.
"I don't know. Their house looked normal.”
"I just find the timing strange. You'd think Harriet would have stuck around. She must have known the police would be interested in her take on her boss -- if only to trace his movements just before he died. I don't like the smell of this," Shard said.
"You've got a point, Lieutenant, but we can’t do anything until they call in.”
"Is it possible there was someone else in her life, boyfriend, ex-husband, or someone, who would have prompted her husband to get her out of town?" Periwinkle asked.
"As I said, she isn't a looker, if you get my drift, and she was never the social type. I don't think she ever dated anyone but Mac. They married right after she graduated. She's the loyal type." 
“Could she have had something going with Landry, maybe?"
"He's not her type or wasn't anyway. He was a too flashy, too fast, nice car, good clothes, always on the go. Besides he had a shady reputation. Would cut corners to get what he wanted. He’s the kind of lawyer you hired if you were guilty or wanted to make sure your ex got nothing in a really nasty divorce suit. Drank some too. It is curious though, now that you mention it, that someone as straight as Harriet would work for him for all those years.”
Wednesday Afternoon
As they pulled into Landry's driveway, Johnsen said, "This place is nice, but God it's seedy. Needs a lot of work."
“It needs a woman's touch with all the bushes, hedges, and gardens. They haven't been tended in years," Periwinkle said.
When nobody answered the doorbell, Shard showed his warrant to Perkins and nodded to Johnsen to get to work.
"This is one of the useful things they teach you in criminal justice these days," Shard said. Johnsen took out a leather case full of picks and keys, chose one, and fiddled with the lock for fewer than thirty seconds before it gave a satisfactory click and the door swung open.
“Good grief, this place is a total mess. Look at all the newspapers, magazines, pizza boxes, beer bottles, and dirty clothes tossed everywhere. But, you know, if this were cleaned up, it would be an attractive, warm room," Periwinkle said. "I really like the marble fireplace with the bookshelves on either side. Even the greenish paint wouldn’t look so bad if it were washed."
It's her nesting instinct, Shard told himself. 
Johnsen feared that if he and Periwinkle owned this place, she'd make him repaint all the rooms and then would refuse to go to bed with him because he smelled of paint thinner. 
"Despite the chaos," Shard said, "it doesn't look as if someone turned the place over. This stuff was dropped by someone who didn't give a damn."
Dirty dishes were piled everywhere: in the sink, on the counters, on the table, on the stove, even on top of the refrigerator. Many were covered with mold that none of them cared to inspect. Shard opened the refrigerator and saw it was stocked about like his: a couple of six packs of beer, some greenish cheese, eggs, and a carton of long-expired milk.
Johnsen wandered into the mudroom, turned the galoshes upside down, went through the pockets of coats, and looked in the trashcan. It was empty, a fact that stumped him until he realized that Landry had deposited his garbage all over the house. 
All four trooped up the thickly carpeted stairs.
"Easy to sneak in at night," Johnsen said.
"You look through the bathroom, Periwinkle," Shard said, "and Johnsen you case the smaller bedrooms. I want to look at the master bedroom."
Landry’s bedroom, which ran the width of the house, had three windows that drew in little outside light. His bed was unmade, a pillow lay on the floor, clothes were thrown over all the furniture, and his pajamas were knotted up in the middle of the bed. When Shard peeked into the adjoining bathroom, he saw Landry's shaving gear on the sink. His toothbrush, toothpaste, and comb were in the medicine cabinet. He had taken nothing personal with him. Landry's closet, however, opened a different window on the man's personality. It was full of suits, sport coats, pants, shirts, and ties, all neatly arranged, and from the looks of them, clean.
"What a strange man," Shard said to nobody. "Almost a dual personality. Maybe he was just a peacock. These are expensive clothes." Shard went through Landry’s pockets and found nothing. 
Johnsen broke into Shard's thoughts. "Come in here Boss, kinda interesting."
Shard went down to a small bedroom and office combination. Its desk was covered with papers, pencils, pens, and scraps of paper -- all the detritus that most people threw away.
"What's missing?" Johnsen asked.
He wondered how the Viking could spot anything missing. All this stuff should be missing. Then it struck him, "No computer. That’s odd, unless, of course, Landry didn’t know how to use one. Maybe that's why he had Harriet."
"Think someone stole his Apple because it had incriminating evidence on it?" 
"If they did, they took the monitor, keyboard, printer, and surge strip," Shard said.
"You passed your first test, Boss, but this one is tougher. Anything on Landry's desk of great value?"
As Shard shuffled papers around, Periwinkle walked in.
"Ready for my report on the bathroom?" she asked. Nobody said anything. "You're going to get it anyway. He didn't use that bathroom. There was nothing personal in there: no deodorant, toothbrush, toothpaste, soap, floss, anything. I’m also pretty sure that he didn't have a woman staying here either. No signs of make-up or any of the stuff we use to stay beautiful. I even checked behind the door. No revealing nightgown. Just to make sure, I went downstairs and scoped out the bath down there. Same story. Not exactly squeaky clean, but nothing personal. Also, no signs of blood anywhere. End of report."
"Rolodex," Shard said. "Nice. Have you looked through it?"
"Yup, and you ain't gonna believe who's in there."
"Try me," Shard said.
"For starters, our old friend R.E. Lee."
"I love it. Write down his address and telephone number.”
"Are you ready?" Johnsen asked. "Lee must live in that post office box that Periwinkle found. No phone number either."
"Which box, his or the ULC's?" Shard asked.
"His."
"Great. That connects Landry to Witry through the Confederate general. Very interesting."
"Not as interesting as this," Johnsen said. "It seems our friend Landry has a direct connection to Leyden. Witry is also in the Rolodex.”
Shard thought a second. "Why didn't Witry mention that he knew Landry when we identified him? Or for that matter, why didn't he tell us who he was when we put the photo in the newspapers? This might explain why Witry has been so interested in our business lately. The bigger question is Witry’s relationship with Landry? Did their business dealings, if they had any, have anything to do with Landry's murder? It’s possible that Landry and Witry weren’t friends or business acquaintances. My Rolodex is full of people I called once on a case and never talked to again."
"I'm not even going to make you guess the last interesting entry,” Johnsen said, “You wouldn't figure it out in a millennium anyway."
"Who?" 
"One Reeves Stutzenberger. And his office and home telephone numbers look like they’re correct too."
"What?” 
Wednesday Afternoon 
Shard and Periwinkle stood stunned. Johnsen smiled in triumph.
"Why didn't the Kaiser mention that he knew Landry? It doesn't make any sense," Periwinkle said. She looked like she’d been smacked with a wet codfish.
"Yeah," Shard began. “We may be in real trouble here. Is the Kaiser involved in some deal that cost Landry his life? Can we investigate our own boss? And how do we do it and not end up as graveyard shift security guards at Pic-n-Pay? I don't like any of this.”
"There has to be a simple answer," Johnsen said. 
"There hasn't been any answer in this case yet,” Shard replied.
"It reminds me," Johnsen said, "of the time Thorkel the Tall switched sides in the midst of a war and came out on the winning one. But then he always did. Had lots of men and long ships. Plus, he must have been tall."
Periwinkle turned and thumped her forehead against the wall. 
Johnsen ignored her. "Has the Kaiser done that to us? Flipped?"
"Bring the Rolodex, give the chief a receipt for it, and we’ll go outside to think," said Shard. 
Johnsen and Periwinkle looked perplexed. Why would Shard want to leave? They hadn’t checked the attic, garage, and cellar. As if he read their facial contortions, he asked, "Chief, will you take a look at the rest of the house? See if Landry's car is in the garage?"
Shard went outside and asked Periwinkle for a cigarette. She looked at him in bewilderment. "You know I don't smoke."
"But I do, especially when I'm trying to think. It's in your right- hand coat pocket, inside the fountain pen."
"I don't have a fountain pen," she said, "They're old fashioned."
"You do now.” 
Periwinkle reached into her pocket and brought out a pen covered with mint green swirls. Rather pretty she thought. Shard unscrewed the pen and the Camel dropped out. 
"Now what could explain the Kaiser's name in the murder victim's Rolodex? I want only believable answers, please."
“It’s probably very innocent,” Periwinkle said. “We know the Kaiser's as straight as a Dunkard. He wouldn't get mixed up in anything sleazy."
“Yeah, but he also wears blinkers and is naive about all sorts of things," Johnson, replied. "He reminds me of Thorstein the --"
"I think it would be perfectly natural for a lawyer to have the county sheriffs’ phone numbers in his Rolodex,” she said. “I bet he has sheriffs' phone numbers from a hundred miles around. He needs to get in touch with them when his clients get in trouble. It makes perfect sense to me."
"And if he hasn't sheriffs' numbers from surrounding counties," Shard asked, "what then?"
"Then it makes imperfect sense." 
"Johnsen? You’re up.”
"I think that's too simple, but she may be right. A more reasonable explanation would be that Landry handled a land purchase or a will or some other legal problem for the boss."
"Has the Kaiser bought any land or houses lately? Has he had any legal problems?" Shard asked.
"I haven't the foggiest." 
"Maybe you ought to check with your friend Rosemarie to see if the Kaiser has bought any property. She'd know," Shard said.
"Oh, yeah, I'm going to waltz into Rosemarie’s office and ask if my boss has bought any land recently. She's as sharp as Olaf's battleaxe. She’ll ask me why I want to know. I'll just tell her we’re investigating the Kaiser's connection with our murder case. In about eleven nanoseconds I'll be the first of us on the night shift at the Pic-n-Pay. But at least I’ll get the chair there."
"Wise guy," Shard said, "but you have a point. We need to know if there was a professional connection between Landry and the Kaiser. Your job is to figure how we find that out."
"I know where to start," Johnsen said.
"Where?" 
"I’ll look through Landry's client files in his office to see if the Kaiser is in them."
"You're keener than Olaf’s battleaxe," Shard said.
They heard the chief's shoes crunch in the gravel as he approached.
"I didn't find much," he said. "Nothing in the attic, and the cellar is as big a mess as the living room and kitchen. But it looks like nobody’s been down there in a coon's age."
Shard loved clichés like that. How long does a coon live? He made a mental note to look it up.
"His car's in the garage, a BMW Z4, dark blue with a top the same color. I'll bet it's fast."
"Must make pretty good money, "Shard said.
"It probably starts every day," Johnsen said under his breath.
"I heard that." 

CHAPTER 4: ROBERT E. LEE
Wednesday Afternoon
On the way to Landry’s office, Johnsen said, "The judge put a restriction on our warrant. We can’t copy anything on active clients in his files. We can look, though. We can also return to court to get permission to make copies from them if we can prove we need them."
Landry's office was in the middle of a well-kept block of frame, two-story buildings, most of which looked as if they predated the Civil War. They were all clapboard, every one painted white, with shutters a rainbow of colors. Landry's were black -- symbolic Shard thought. 
Johnsen went to work on Landry's door lock. A quick look inside told Shard that Landry had taken pride in his business. A Persian rug covered most of the floor leading up to Harriet's desk. Landry's office, behind hers, was furnished with a large mahogany desk with very nice Chippendale chairs arrayed around it and a sideboard against one wall. The wallpaper was sort of English-Country-House-Hunt-With-Dogs Shard thought, done in soft green and brown hues. Quite tasteful.
"He keeps this place like he keeps his clothes," Johnsen said.
"I'd like to take this furniture back to my apartment," Periwinkle said, "especially that sideboard. I wonder if his heirs will have an estate sale?"
"Which reminds me," Shard said, "we need to find his will to see who inherits.”
Johnsen slammed and banged around in the outer office. "Damned fool locked his filing cabinets. And every one has a different lock. They were all easy except for the one on the drawer S through Z. What was it you said earlier, Boss, about what's not here is sometimes more important than what is? Well, a quick flip through the folder tabs shows that there's nothing on the Kaiser, Witry, or the ULC. And no personal correspondence." 
Periwinkle searched both desks and asked, "You know what's odd about this place?" Nobody answered. "It could belong to anybody. There's nothing personal here. Nothing. No photos of his kids, favorite canary, or even his damned Z4. It's perfectly sterile. This could be my office. Only his law degree over there indicated how he made his living.” 
"But look at my office," Shard said. "There’s nothing personal in it either. I don't have my degree hanging or a nameplate on my desk. I don't even have the Kaiser’s picture on the wall."
"Hey, that's a great idea," Johnsen said. "It might get us a raise."
"The Kaiser never comes to my office.”
"And I know why," Periwinkle said. "You don't have any chairs. I bet he can't even fit in your chair."
Perkins’s eyes followed the conversation. He wondered just what kind of a crime unit this was. They had a way with words, but he wasn’t sure they could figure anything out. Shard didn't strike him as a forceful leader. He needed to instill some discipline in these guys. 
After an hour in Landry's office, Shard said, "It's time to give up and hit the road."
Back at his car he pulled out from under its front fender the tin box that held his spare key and took out one very dry Camel.
Wednesday Evening 
On the way home the three of them rode in silence until Shard said, “I think the key to all this is our elusive friend R. E. Lee. He turns up everywhere, even in the courthouse basement, but we can't find him. Did he flee after he killed Landry? Did he order Landry murdered? Does he even exist? He may be like Johnsen’s elves and dwarfs in his sagas. Nobody ever saw them, but everyone believed they were around.”
“You mean the norns,” Johnsen said. “They were the spirits that controlled people’s fates. They are sometimes scary little creatures.”
“Whatever,” Periwinkle said, but she noted the present tense.
“The more I think about Lee, the more I wonder what parent in his right mind would name his kid Robert E. Lee. Or for that matter Robin E. Lee. Of course, I realize nobody names his kid Ulysses S. either, but that's a cruddy name," Shard said.
"I want you guys to find a copy of Landry's will. Let's see who wins with his death. I assume he's written his ex-wife out of it, but his children should still be there. Is there anyone else? We may be running around baffled when the answer, as Johnsen always claims, is simple and obvious, just what his Norse tales aren’t.”
"Johnsen loves simple answers," Periwinkle said, "because the people in his damned sagas are all simple minded. They know how to solve problems; they just smite, burn, drown, behead, or massacre people they don’t like. They had a much easier world back then."
"Not true. The sagas are more nuanced than that. Those folks had a very complex code of honor that bound them to perform in certain ways. Their world was much more complex than ours. Take, for example --"
"Sorry I pulled your string, Knut," Periwinkle said, before Floki Vilgerdason or Kalf Arnarson suddenly appeared in the car.
"I can say without hesitation," Shard said, "that nobody in the sagas killed Landry. That somewhat simplifies our problem. Also, Johnsen, I want you to pick up that subpoena for Landry's house and office phones and check them. We may find Lee's number in there."
Shard paused, "And we still have to find his secretary. It’s odd that she disappeared when she found out that Landry was dead. And took off without telling her children or neighbors. I have this prickly feeling she is frightened and hiding. Her disappearance is Perkins’s responsibility though," Shard said, "and there's not much we can do except to prod him to work harder to find her. He didn't strike me as a self-starter."
"How much of a self-starter do you have to be to be police chief in Smytheville?" Johnsen asked. 
"Don't forget, you two," Shard said, "to check Landry's Rolodex to see if you missed any other potential suspects. Look for other sheriffs’ numbers. Also, he might have used it as his little black book. Check out all females in there with Perkins.”
"If he had a girlfriend," Periwinkle said, "I'll bet he never brought her home. That mess would dampen any woman’s romantic spark.” 
Shard wondered if she would find his house that off-putting. He was neat but had not done any heavy cleaning in months. The dust was probably a little thicker than Periwinkle would like. Johnsen thought he’d love to entice Periwinkle up to his apartment, but it was a mess right now. Hell, he hadn't been home, except to sleep, in the last three weeks. Perhaps Periwinkle wouldn't mind his little mess. 
"We're all on the same page then," Shard said, little knowing just how close he and Johnsen were on that page, "except for the revelation that Landry had the Kaiser's phone numbers. There could be a dozen reasons he had them, but what drives me nuts is why the boss never said he knew Landry. That defies logic. It also makes him an accessory to the crime. Does that sound like the Dutchman we all know and love?"
Shard paused. "I don't want you guys to mention any of this to the boss. My hunch is that he's not involved. If we find he is, we can deal with it then. Okay?  I'll look up Witry tomorrow to see what I can wring out of that little weasel. He's the only live suspect we can find.” 
Back at headquarters Shard went to the front of the building, opened the rack that held the free real estate listings, took them out, and found his Camel. He dropped it into his shirt pocket and headed for Schuylers and a much needed drink.
Thursday Morning
Look carefully around doorways before you walk in;
You never know when an enemy might be there.
(Havamal)
Thursday promised a typical Leyden winter's day. The fat, gray clouds scudded low over Shard's head and dropped a light snow on him as he walked into headquarters. He had just sat down in his desk chair when Periwinkle appeared, her face flushed with anger.
"Good morning," Shard said.
"If that bastard Cody doesn't quit, I'll bash him with that chair he’s attached to.”
"What's wrong now?"
"I walk in the door and he gives me that leering look of his and says 'Hello flower girl. You're in sweet bloom today.' What’s that supposed to mean? No, don't tell me. I'm afraid I know. The pig."
“It’s probably only his way of saying that you look nice this morning,” Shard said. “I doubt he can rise much above that level of discourse. Don't let him get to you, and eventually he will tire of the game. Give him your sweetest smile and say 'Thank you Cody. You look pretty fresh yourself.’ It'll take him until noon to figure out what you mean, but it will give his mind some much needed exercise."
"You're nicer than I am, Boss.”
“You’re right,” he said. “Now, I'm going to call Witry. No, I'm not either. I'll just show up at nine o'clock. Do you think creepy lawyers are in that early?"
"It'll depend on how long he was at Schuylers last night, I suppose."
"He wasn't there.”
"Johnsen in yet?" Periwinkle asked.
"I haven't seen him, but I’d guess he's somewhere around town chatting up Leyden's lovely lasses to glean information. He takes great pleasure in that work."
"That's because you give him jobs that take him to offices where lonely women are glad to see anyone," Periwinkle said. "I get all the dreary ones where I can't meet any good-looking men, or any men for that matter.”
"Okay," Shard said. "Hereafter I'll send you to the offices where lonely women are dying to talk to somebody. Somehow, I don't think you'll get as excited about it as Johnsen does, but what do I know?"
"Wise guy. I'm off to earn my pay. I’m looking for a huge photo of the Kaiser to hang on my wall,” she said as she drifted out of the office.
Shard ran his fingers along the molding above his door until he felt the Camel. Outside, he stopped for a moment in the park and listened. The snowflakes were so heavy that he could hear them hit with soft thumps. They also absorbed the town's usual noises. Maybe that's why the snow makes noise when it hits the ground, he thought. It releases all the sounds it absorbed on its way down. 
Self-satisfied with his logic, he crossed to Zwitter's appliance store. He had gone to high school with Zachary Zwitter and had always felt sorry for Zack because he was at the bottom the alphabet. Shard wondered what his middle initial was. If it were another “Z”, his initials would look as if he were asleep.
Witry's office, above Zwitter's, was reached by a narrow, steep, and dark stairway. At the top Shard walked into a smallish anteroom that held only an old-fashioned, heavy oak desk with an empty stenographer's chair behind it.
“Witry?”
"Yeah?" 
"Tom Shard to talk to you, if you are not too busy," he said.
"Yeah, come on in." 
Witry's walls were painted the same bluish-gray as his outside door. Behind him, however, hung a very nice photograph of a Leyden canal boat full of potatoes. Witry had had it professionally blown up, and Shard could pick out individual potatoes.
"I want to talk to you about some new developments in the Landry murder." 
"Sure." Shard noticed the ever so slight tightening of Witry's facial muscles around his eyes. It made him look more weaselly than usual.
"We went down to Smytheville yesterday and found that Landry had your phone number in his Rolodex. Now, Landry's photo has been in the Utica and Leyden papers. You must have seen it, but you never mentioned that you knew him. I’d like to know why.”
"To answer your question honestly," Witry said, "I haven't the slightest idea why Landry had my number in his file. I've never heard of the guy."
Shard wondered why Witry had to promise to answer something honestly. 
 "You have no idea then, why Landry had your number?" Shard realized it was one of the dumber questions he'd ever posed.
"I've already said no."
"You never talked to his secretary, Harriet Holton, either?"
"Never heard of her. Think about it. What business would I have in Smytheville? I've got enough to keep me busy here. In fact, too much some days, like today."
Shard ignored the implication.
"Remember when we chatted in Schuylers and I asked you about Robert E. Lee?"
"Robin Lee, you mean." 
"All right, Robin E. Lee. We found his name in Landry's Rolodex as well."
"And you think that because Landry had my name and Lee's name that we were in cahoots?" Witry asked.
"It’s hard to think otherwise. You know Lee; Landry knows you and Lee. Landry has been murdered. What am I supposed to think?"
"You can think anything you want, but I'm telling you there was nothing between Landry and me. Lee yes, I've explained that, although frankly it's none of your damned business.”
"Okay, I'll believe you." Shard hoped the future tense would slip past Witry. "Let's get back to Lee. He's somebody I'd like to talk to."
"If you found his number in Landry's Rolodex, call him. He'll tell you the same thing I did. I did some legal work for him on a couple of land purchases here."
"Landry didn’t have his phone number, just a P.O. Box number."
"Then write the box and ask Lee to call you."
"And if he doesn’t?"
"Go find him."
"It would be much easier if you gave me Lee's number.”
"You know Shard, I'd give you Lee's number, if only to get you out of here, but I don't have it."
"What?"
"That's the truth. I can't call him myself."
"How about giving me his address then.”
"The only address I have for him is his Albany P.O. Box. I correspond with him through it." 
"How did he solicit you to do business for him?"
"He wrote me. Our business was entirely through the mails."
"How did he get your name?" 
"No idea."
"If you don't mind me asking, how does he pay for the land he buys?"
"He pays cash,” Witry said, although he looked unsure about giving Shard that information.
"He just sends you wads of money through the mail?" 
"Oh, come on, Lieutenant, don’t be stupid. He sends me a certified check; I countersign it and turn it over to pay for the property. Simple."
"Do you remember what bank Lee drew the checks on?" 
Witry hesitated, "First National of Albany."
"How does Lee pay your fee?"
"Same way. Check’s always good. That's what I care about."
"Lee has never called you. You have never talked to him?"
"Nope."
Johnsen may be able to find out through the phone records if Witry is lying, Shard thought. Lee is so careful, though, he probably made his calls from a public phone. He interrupted his thoughts when he noticed an older PC on a small table in the corner. 
"Did Lee or Landry ever send you an e-mail?" 
Witry laughed. “I'm not even on line. They'd have to leave a post-it note stuck to the screen to reach me. Can't send me a check on it, so what's it good for?"
Shard had the nagging feeling that Witry was playing this too close. 
"So, let me get this straight. You’ve never met, seen, or talked to either Lee or Landry?"
"How many times do I have to tell you, no! And there is not a shred of evidence that ties me to either man except my work for Lee."
"One more question. Why is Lee, who lives God only knows where, buying up property in Mohawk County? And what is his connection with the United Land Company that paid the surveyors to work on Lee's land?”
"That's two questions, and I'm not going to answer either one for the simple fact that I don't know the answers. I don't quiz my clients about their motives or plans. Lee tells me what to buy, tells me how much he will pay, and sends his checks when I have completed the paperwork. Simple.”
Shard had a feeling that he was missing something but was not sure what. 
"How does Lee sign his checks?"
"What do you mean?"
"Exactly how does he sign his name?"
"R.E. Lee." 
"All the time?"
"Yup."
"What about his letters?" 
"Same."
"So, how do you know his name is Robin and not Robert or Roberta?”
Witry looked at him for a moment. "I don't."
"But you corrected me. You said he's not Robert, he's Robin. How do you know?"
"I don't. But use your head. Who in this state would name his kid Robert E. Lee? So, it has to be something else, most likely. I think, Robin. Anyhow his checks are always good."
"Why did you want me to believe that Robin is his real name?" 
"I don't give a damn what you believe. I can't see how Lee fits into anything that's your business. It doesn't make any difference what I call him." 
"Thanks for your help," Shard said, and he walked out into the fresh, pure snow.
Thursday Morning
Huge flakes plummeted straight down. Not even a wisp of a wind moved them off the perpendicular.  It was beautiful, and Shard decided to clear his head and walk down Tilden Avenue.
Halfway down the block he went into Batdorf's jewelry store. "Patty? You around?" 
“Morning Lieutenant,” she said as she walked out of the back room. “A perfect day isn't it? I love the first good snow of the season."
A few years younger than Shard, Patty came from short, stout stock. She was a round soul with a mop of black hair that flopped across her head and sometimes obscured her almost liquid-brown eyes.  Nobody ever had any trouble identifying her as a Batdorf. But, Shard considered, she's pretty in a comfortable kind of way.
"You look like you've had a bad morning, Lieutenant, so I think I know why you are here." She opened her old-fashioned cash register, lifted the twenty-dollar bills from their nesting place, and slipped out a Camel.
"Remember our deal," she said.
"Yeah, I know. Don't light up in the store."
Shard stood in the little shelter formed by the jewelry shop's inset door and watched the snow, already three or four inches deep, thinking about how it brought Leyden almost to a stop. We’re still captive to the weather, he decided.
He walked down to Steubens Alley, crossed the street, and stared down it as if it still held some clue that he had missed. If it were there, he didn’t see it, but he did notice that the snow was only about half as deep in the alley as it was on Tilden. Johnsen kept harping on that fact. There was enough now that he could see his footprints. 
A great mass of flying snow caught his eye across the street. It looked like two men tossing snow into the air and letting it fall in a cloud. Helluva way to shovel, he thought. He walked closer and saw that Dizzy was in a fine fury, rolling, bucking, snorting, and gamboling in the snow. Luke Duffy was under the dog. When Luke saw him, he stopped and lay flat on his back on the sidewalk.
"Hi,” Shard said. “What are you up to?" 
"Playing," Luke said. "Dizzy and me like to play in snow.”
"So, did I when I was a kid, but please stay on the sidewalk. It’s not a good idea to make snow angels in the street. Okay?" 
Oh, to be young and ignorant of people like Witry, Shard thought. It was time for an early lunch.
Thursday Afternoon
Johnsen blew into Shard’s office trailing a sheaf of papers.
"Boy, have I been busy," he said. "I've collected a ton of information on our corpse." He paused with a big smile, "and what have you done for us this morning?"
Shard outlined his discussion with Witry. "I didn't learn much, and I doubt the truth of what he did tell me. He doesn't know the man he works for? Never seen him? Provides all his services through the mail? I'm not the smartest detective on this orb, but that smells. What really gets my short hairs up is Witry's denial that he knows Lee's real name. And his lame story about making up the name Robin begs belief. He's playing a game, but I don't know what it is. I suppose I can buy the idea that Landry would have Witry's name in his Rolodex without Witry's knowledge, but even that's a stretch. The stinker is lying, and I want you to prove it."
"I can’t do it before quitting time, Boss, but I do have some tasty tidbits for you. And I do mean tasty."
"Lay on McDuff." 
First of all, I found Landry's attorney in Utica, but he’s not in his former firm. After I mentioned the phrase ‘murder investigation’ at least a dozen times, he gave me the gist of the will. Not much there for us, unfortunately. Landry modified an earlier will to cut his ex-wife out and left everything to his children to be managed by his lawyer as trustee until they reach the age of twenty-five. You’d think that a lawyer would be more precise with the distribution of his own assets."
"What do you mean?" 
"He doesn't mention his children by name, just leaves it all to his direct issue, or some such term. When I paid an exorbitant sum to my lawyer to draw up a two-page, double-spaced will that was all boilerplate, I had to name my beneficiaries, give their ages, and list their current addresses. More important, I also had to come up with secondary and tertiary beneficiaries in case my primary ones hit the wall before I did. There's none of that in Landry's will. If his kids get struck by an errant meteorite, the whole shebang goes to the state."
"Maybe he didn't have any family or friends.”
"Oh, yes he did. I'll get to that in a minute. He just didn't have any he wanted to leave anything. My other thought," Johnsen said, "is that he didn't have anything to leave, so he didn’t much care. Perhaps he was waiting for the windfall from his ‘big deal’ before he made out a better will."
"Possible." 
"Do you think lawyers charge each other to make out wills? If they do, do they shear their legal buddies like they do poor damned struggling sheep like me?”
Shard had to deflect him or they'd be here when the night plows came through.
"What else do you have for me?"
"I went through his Rolodex with a fine-tooth comb."
"Now that's a well-worn cliché." 
"As if they all aren't."
"Touché." 
"I checked out every telephone number in it. I'm lucky there weren't more or I'd be spending the rest of my career with that little desk bunny."
Shard let that one go.
"Landry had crossed off many numbers, and I ignored those as well as the ones that weren't obvious."
"Such as?”
"The water company, light company, newspaper, oil distributor, gas station, and the like. I doubt his death had anything to do with them.”
"I found Harriet's number in there. She's still not home. No surprise, I guess. I also found a few numbers with Albany's area code, and I gave them a ring. One was an Italian restaurant that wanted to know if I'd like to make a reservation, so it must be at least one level above my usual haunts. He didn't know Landry but said he might recognize him if he saw him. According to the guy, he has too many customers to remember. Another was a car wash, and that guy didn't know anyone by name, but claimed if Landry were a customer, he'd recognize his car. I bet he would. Anyone would. I even called a movie theater in Albany that was on his 'dex.’ You want to know what’s playing there?"
"Not particularly," Shard said and wondered where all this was headed and what Johnson's titillating new information was. 
"Please do continue," Shard said as he intertwined his fingers to keep them from wandering off on their own looking for something slim and round.
"I found that Landry called a dentist in Albany, a Dr. Itaro, whose office manager said Landry was not a patent. Kinda odd, I thought, but then realized they may just be friends or Itaro could have been Landry's client. The dentist had both his fists stuffed in some poor soul's jaw when I called and couldn't come to the phone."
 “When are you going to get to the good stuff?”
"Okay. Mrs. Bell was kind enough to release Landry's phone records."
"For his home or office?"
"Both."
"Did you get records for his cellphone?" Shard asked.
"Did he have one?" Johnsen asked. "If he did, we have to find his provider. When you think about it, isn't that a helluva word to describe a phone company? A provider? A provider is a man with a 400-pound buck slung over his shoulders coming through the snowy woods to his log cabin where wisps of smoke are coming out of the chimney and a dozen hungry children wait in welcome."
“Did you take English at Bemidji?”
“Yeah, but I don’t remember anything from the courses.”
“Where did you become interested in the language then?” Shard asked. 
“From the sagas my grandfather read me. The Norse had to be careful with what they said; the wrong word could get them killed. Maybe that’s what Landry did, used the wrong word.”
"Have we detoured from the path?” Shard asked. “I can't picture Landry being clubbed for using an inappropriate word or battered to death with a freshly killed 400-pound buck."
"Right. Now, here's what I found in the thirty-day phone printout. Landry made no calls to the Kaiser. Now that doesn't mean that he didn't call the boss every day the month before. Ditto for calls to Witry.”
"He could’ve called them from a public phone or his yet-to-be-discovered cell phone," Shard said.
"True, but just wait. He had dozens and dozens of calls to a local number not listed in his Rolodex. So, I had kindly Mrs. Bell run the number in reverse, or whatever it is they do, and guess who popped up?"
"Haven't a clue," Shard said, "but I'll bet you're about to tell me."
"Candyce Fortner. That's spelled C-a-n-d-y-c-e."
"Never heard of her. Think she's Landry's long surmised girl friend?" 
"Yup. I called Chief Perkins who, by the way, is always in his office waiting for his phone to ring. He knew all about her. She's quite a local character."
"All right. Unload on me."
"The chief says she's a blowzy blonde, although Perkins wasn’t sure that was her real hair color."
"I could’ve guessed that. Only you Viking types from the ice-bound upper Midwest are born without natural coloring."
Johnsen ignored him. "Ms. Candyce is also notably built, if you get my drift, with a memorable rack she flaunts around the town in the most revealing clothes possible. On the other end, she has, what the chief called ‘legs to kill for’ and confessed that he was a ‘leg man’ and an expert on the subject. He says he knows her legs are exceptional because her skirts are so short there's not much he hasn’t seen. She arrived in town a couple of years ago and got a job in the local beauty shop. She's in her mid-twenties at most, Perkins thinks, and is in full hormonal flight. She chases guys, hangs around the local watering holes, and is an easy pick up. I suppose that's where Landry found her unless he stopped in her parlour for a trim. Perkins summed her up as ‘a piece of fluff.’"
"Interesting. Does Perkins know anything about her relationship with Landry?"
"No. But if Candyce is that alluring, we have to believe their relationship went farther than their daily phone chats. There can't be that much fluff in Smytheville."
"What fluff?" Periwinkle asked, as she appeared in the doorway with a thick manila folder? "Who's fluff? I'll bet you guys are talking about females again, denigrating the superior sex. I should've gotten here earlier to defend our honor."
"Candyce," Johnsen replied.
"Oh, sure,” said Periwinkle, "I know her well."
"You do?" Shard asked.
"Joke, Boss." 
"I thought so." 
Johnsen gave a quick synopsis of Landry's phone relationship with Candyce.
"I think Periwinkle ought to go down to the Cut and Curl to have a chat with Ms. Fluff," Shard said.
Johnsen's face dropped. "Boss, young fluff is my specialty. I should go."
Periwinkle held her tongue. He was probably right. She wasn't the fluffy type and had a very low tolerance for such women.
"Let me think about that," Shard said.
"Finally, Lieutenant," Johnsen said, as Shard noted the formality and wondered if it had anything to do with Periwinkle's appearance. He noticed that she leaned against the doorjamb looking very fetching in her ski sweater and corduroy slacks. Not many women, he thought, look that good in cold weather clothing that only has to be warm, not necessarily attractive. Well, she certainly looked warm.
"While I had the chief on the phone, I asked him about Harriet. He's heard nothing.”
Because Shard had been sitting so long, he was starting to ache from his neck down. The pain reminded him that hadn't worked out in days. Soon he'd look like the Kaiser and wouldn't be able to get into his Morgan, much less out of it. He picked up his electric pencil sharpener, took the top off, and found his Camel in the shavings. He guessed it might taste a bit woody.
"Thanks for your good work this morning, Johnsen. Still, I’m becoming more convinced that this whole thing revolves around our friend Robert, Robin, or whatever Lee. And there has to be some way of finding him, even if we have to stand behind the tellers at the First National Bank of Albany until he comes in."
"We'd still be in trouble, Boss. We wouldn't recognize him if he fell out of your wastebasket. We can't ask every man between fifteen and seventy who comes into the bank for ID." 
Shard thought a minute and then said, "Look, it's getting dark outside, it's still snowing, and we haven't seen a hint of sunshine all day. Bad weather leads normal people like us into permanent depressions that prompt us to do unthinkable things."
Johnsen and Periwinkle wondered where this was leading.
"Things such as adopting kittens, repapering bathrooms, or going to the mall. Now, as your superior officer, I have an obligation to protect you from unwarranted depressive actions. Right?"
"I've never considered adopting a kitten,” Johnsen said, “but now that you've mentioned it, the little furry beast might be just the thing to bring some warmth to my bed. Maybe it'll keep me out of bars." 
"And away from fluff," Periwinkle added.
"Therefore, as your sworn boss, I decree our day finished, over, done, kaput, and order you guys to hit the road -- carefully. I'll see you tomorrow bright and early. We're going to Smytheville again. In the meantime, don’t run over a Lee. They're rare around these parts."
Shard sat for a long time before he saw that the paperwork pile had risen in his in-box. It must breed in there, he thought. He took a clutch of forms all stapled together off the top, looked at the front page and read that someone named Randy had been picked up the day before for loitering. It boggled his mind. He wrote across the bottom of the page “Who loiters in Leyden in December? This guy must either be nuts or an Inuit or you guys had a slow day. You can't make this stick. No judge would believe it. Act accordingly. TSS.”
He decided to celebrate a case solved and swung into Schuylers, which was almost deserted. 
"What’ll you have?" O’Reilly asked. 
"I've been eyeing that new bottle of Miltonduff up there. Never had any. What's it like?"
"Doc tells me that it's about in the middle."
"The middle of what?" Shard asked.
“I don’t know.”
"Well that sounds just perfect to drive the depression devils away. I'll have a double with one cube, please."
O'Reilly was used to weird stuff in the winter. He poured a generous double and paired it with a Camel.
Friday Morning
The hussy is taking a risk.
It is seldom one can get
So, close a look
(Grettir’s Saga, Chpt. 75)
"Perfect day, huh?" Shard said when Johnsen and Periwinkle came into his office. "I hope the glint on the snow has sharpened your wits this morning. We are going to make some solid progress today down in Smytheville."
The telephone interrupted.
"Lieutenant Shard." 
"It's great hear from you Ellen," he said after a long pause.
Periwinkle turned to Johnsen and their eyes flashed neon signs that spelled “Ellen????”
“How long are you going to be in town?" Shard asked. "Listen, I've got a full plate for most of the day, but I will give you a ring when I can. May I have your number?" He shuffled litter on his desk and found a pen and a scrap of paper. "I'll get back to you. I'm really glad you called."
He looked into four inquisitive eyes. He had to say something, although given his druthers he'd have ignored them. 
"She’s an old high school friend I haven't seen much over the years and she's in town for a few days to settle her mother into the Sunset Nursing Home. Great girl. Now, Periwinkle you're delegated to get a dozen fresh donuts at Shapiro's. I haven't had my fat quota today. Lest you feel left out, Johnsen, we need a thermos of hot coffee, and don't you dare get it from that damned machine down stairs. No need for cream or sugar because I don't use them," he added, knowing full well that they did. "I'll meet you guys downstairs in twenty minutes, ready to ride.”
When they were safely out of earshot Periwinkle said, "You know he's in there calling her back. I'm not sure I buy the old high school friend business. Have you ever heard of her?"
"News to me," Johnsen said, "but the guy really needs a woman. We all do. He's even lonelier than I am, and unlike me, he doesn't seem to do anything about it. Maybe this is just what he needs, a woman dropping on him out of the blue."
Periwinkle tried to unsort all the subliminal messages in this. Was he saying they both wanted a woman? Me maybe? Or just any woman? She didn't know.
Shard sat for a long time and thought about when he could call Ellen back. He had been less than frank when he had called her an old friend. She was his first love, a high school crush of huge proportions. He couldn't remember why they had drifted apart, other than he had moved to Albany to go to college and she had gone somewhere in Ohio, Dennison? He had seen her in town a couple of times at high school reunions and had heard that she was married. He still thought about the good times they had had when they were young, free, and awash in hormones. Tobogganing, ice skating, swimming, bad golf, and making out at the drive-in theater, now long gone like their infatuation. He decided he’d call her after he got back from Smytheville. 
Then, he called Chief Perkins who told him that Landry's ex-wife, Mary, was in town to make funeral arrangements and was due at the station about noon. Perkins promised that he would keep her there until Shard arrived. 
Fueled by donuts and decent coffee on the drive down and with spectacular blue skies and bright sun reflected off the new snow, the three spoke little. As they passed the huge sign that proclaimed, ‘Welcome to Smytheville - Home of the World's Biggest Sauerkraut Factory,’ which used the possessive correctly, Shard noticed, he reminded them of what they were looking for.
He told Johnsen to find Ms. Fluff and work his Nordic charm on her. "But remember you aren’t trying to bring her home. Leave her here, but milk her of everything she knows." The minute he said it, he regretted his pun. To his credit, Johnsen cracked only the slightest smile while Periwinkle remained stone-faced. But Shard knew she had picked up on it.
Johnsen asked Perkins where he could find this most desirable witness.
“She works at the Perky Parlour, just two doors up from Landry's office.”
"Perky Parlor?" Johnsen asked.
"Yup, and that's with a 'u' in parlour."
"Good grief." 
“Come back alone," Shard reminded him.
Friday Noon
Mary Freedman certainly wasn't what he had expected. Shard was struck by how short she was, not much over five feet tall and definitely carrying too much weight for her small frame. Not fat, just over-ripe. His first impression was that she looked like a classic midwestern hausfrau who had hung around too many church potluck dinners wolfing down congealed salads. He guessed, however, that her dishwater blonde tresses were probably natural. She had a round face with wide-set eyes and what his mother used to call a pug nose, but Shard noted that her clothes accentuated her attractive features. He decided, after a long look that verged on impoliteness, that the total effect was rather nice.
"I am sorry about your husband, er, ex-husband," Shard said. "But be assured that we shall do everything in our power to find out who did this."
"Thank you, but it won’t make much difference to me. Our relationship since our divorce has been bitter." 
"How long were you married?" Periwinkle asked.
"Much too long. Sixteen years. I should have left the bum after our daughter was born, but I didn't have enough sense."
"You have three children?" Periwinkle asked.
"Two boys, twelve and fifteen and a daughter nine. Thank God they don't take after their father. He wasn't around enough to show them how to screw up their lives like he did his." 
"Where do you live now?" Shard asked.
"Just outside Philadelphia. I married a businessman who is everything Sam wasn't. It took me two tries to get it right."
"Could you tell us about your first husband?" Shard asked.
"He was one of God's great losers, a monumental screw-up."
"Could you give us some specifics?" 
"He had a great job with a prestigious law firm in Utica. He was ready to become a partner, which would have brought real money into the house for the first time. When the partners met to promote him -- at least that's what we thought they were doing -- they fired him instead. They complained that he attracted the wrong kind of clients, lots of low lifes. I heard rumors some of them were mobbed up, although that was never proved. The official reason the partners gave for his dismissal was that he engaged in ‘shady dealings’, and he probably did. He couldn't find another job in the city. I suspect they blackballed him. He had to come down here to the sticks."
"It looks as if he did pretty well here. That’s a nice house you had," Shard said.
"Yeah, right. We got that barn because it was falling down. Sam said it had great potential, but he didn't do a damned thing to help fix it up. Left it to me. I worked full time in the school library, then came home and chipped paint, plastered walls, sanded, painted, cooked, kept up the shrubs and the flowers, even mowed the lawn. He was never home."
Are men all like this? Periwinkle wondered. If so, I'm glad I'm single. 
"I'll tell you what he was good at. He was a good blowhard. Always bragging about his snappy cars and expensive clothes. He spent more on his clothes than the children and I together did for ours. He claimed he had to impress his clients. Dairy farmers who came into his office in their overalls? Come on. He loved to brag, but he never bragged on his wife or children. Everything was always about him. I can't imagine what I ever saw in the bastard because he was exactly like that when I married him. I must be stupid."
"Did his practice do well here?" Shard asked.
"To hear him tell it, he was rolling in dough, the greatest lawyer in the state. If he was rolling in it, he was doing it alone. He complained all the time that I was spending too much money on the house and the kids. Begrudged us every cent. He handled the money but I paid the house bills. There was never enough for anyone but him. When I asked him for more, he claimed I was spending him into the poorhouse. He always ended his rants the same way, telling me to wait, because he was in a big deal. Again, and again he promised that when his deal came through, ‘I'll give you everything you want just to shut you up.’ Yeah, well the big deal never came in, only the farmers."
"What finally led you to divorce him? Sixteen years is a long time," Periwinkle said.
"I suppose you'll find out eventually, so I might as well tell you." 
Shard was weary of her barrage of misery, hate, and woe. No marriage could be that bad, he thought, especially if it made three kids.
"The bastard ran around on me. He wasn't out late seeing clients like he claimed. He was out there with floozies. He attracted some real beauts, and I'm afraid that says something about me. He liked his little bits on the side to be big titted and dumb. That's all he wanted. Reminded me of Bill Clinton and his trailer trash. When I caught him the first time, right after we moved here, he promised never to do it again. The second time he claimed it was her fault. She forced him into her bed. And I stuck with him. The third time, I didn't give him a chance to make excuses. I hired a real lawyer, took the kids, and went back home to sort out my life."
"What happened after that?" Periwinkle asked.
"I got everything I demanded. I got custody of the kids, although I don't think he cared, half the house, half of all our assets, which proved to be meager –- if they existed my lawyer couldn't find them -- and $1,500 a month child support. That’s a laugh. Most months he sends nothing. One month last year he sent a whole $50. I should've sued the hell out of him, but it would have cost me more to do it than I would get."
"When's the last time you saw him?" Shard asked.
"Oh, it must have been a couple of months ago when he came to see the kids. He does, or did that maybe twice a year, but never at Christmas or on their birthdays. He didn’t want to buy them presents."
"How did he seem to you then? Nervous? Thinner? Fatter? Anything?" Shard was afraid she was going to leave nothing but a bucket of spite when she left.
"No, he was the same, cocky bullshitter who was afraid to see me because I might ask him about this month's support. He didn’t stay in town one minute longer than he had to."
"Have you seen his will?" Shard asked.
“Yeah.”
“Were you surprised?”
"Not a bit. I didn’t expect to be in it. But he didn't even trust me to handle his children's inheritance. Now that frosts me. I have to go through a legal trustee. He figured out how to piss me off from the grave. The bastard."
She reflected a moment, "I wouldn't be surprised if there wasn’t anything in the estate but the house, which is in worse shape now than when we bought it, his car, and all those damned clothes of his. His kids will lose again."
Shard was about up to his eyeballs in marital discord. "Did Sam ever mention a man by the name of Robert E. Lee, or maybe Robin E. Lee to you?"
Mary almost laughed. "The Confederate general? Sam wouldn't have heard of him. I never saw him read anything more serious than the humor in Readers' Digest. Why do you ask?"
"It's not the general I'm interested in." Shard said, “It's a fellow who probably lives in Albany. Sam had his name in his Rolodex, and Lee is connected to some dealings in Leyden. We’re trying to pull all this together."
"He never talked about his business with me, and no, I never heard him mention Robert E. Lee."
"How about a lawyer in Leyden by the name of George Witry? He had his number in his Rolodex too." 
"Never heard of him either." 
"Thanks Mrs. Freedman. You’ve been a big help," Shard said. "I would appreciate it if you would leave me your phone number and address."
She left the four of them bathed in the acrid stink of hate. Shard announced he had to have some fresh air when what he really wanted was to smoke the woman out of his life.

CHAPTER 5: LANDRY AND LUKE
Friday Noonish
Johnsen whistled as he walked the two blocks to the Perky Parlour. When he walked in, every face turned to look at him and stared. It was as if none of the women had ever seen a hulking, blonde Viking on the prowl. Johnsen blushed.
The woman working at the front chair said, “Hi, I’m Misty. Can I help you?”
Johnsen ogled her fully endowed figure and head of thick blonde hair, obviously a peroxide job, and concluded that she was a hunk of woman, ripe, but not yet over ripe. Maybe a little too obvious, he said to himself, although she’d draw plenty of attention in the bars he frequented. Hell, he’d be happy to buy her a drink. 
“I’m looking for Candyce.” 
Eight women looked disappointed but the one working the last chair gave him a broad smile and said, "I'm Candyce.” 
Johnsen later swore that those two simple words changed her whole body language. She stood up straight, half-turned to face him, stuck her spectacular chest forward, sucked in her belly, and pooched her buttocks out. Johnsen thought this was going better than he had expected. She was one helluva good-looking woman, with an exceptionally nice pair of legs just as the chief had promised. With that skirt he couldn’t miss them.
"I don't have anyone after Mrs. Fenton," Candyce said, "and I'd be glad to do you then."
She said it in a tone that led Johnsen to believe that she'd like to “do him” all weekend. 
"I'll wait," he said. All the magazines were devoted to women's hairstyles. The longer he thumbed them the more self- conscious he became. He longed for a three-year-old Field and Stream. Candyce soon finished off Mrs. Fenton and yanked her out of the chair with indecent haste. Johnsen knew he had a way with women, but rarely was it this obvious.
"Come on, Sir, I'm ready for you." 
Johnsen settled in the chair, and Candyce tied a small plastic bib around his neck. She then presented a full-frontal view of her assets and asked, "What can I do for you?" 
Her question was amenable to several interpretations, all but one ‘X’ rated.
"I need a trim, please."
"I can fix all your problems," she said. Johnsen wondered if she always spoke in double entendres.
"I haven't seen you around town, and I'm sure I would've noticed you." 
"I'm not here often." 
"What do you do?" 
"I'm a detective with the Mohawk County Sheriff's Department, and I'm working on a case here."
"Wow!" Candyce said. "I think detectives are sexy. I watch all the police shows on TV, and boy, like, they are some hunks. Just like you."
Candyce moved to his left and clipped around his ear. As she leaned into her work, she brushed her breast against his shoulder. Johnsen shifted away from her. The Breast followed. He moved more. Still the Breast was right there. My God, how big is it? Johnsen wondered. He'd never run away from a breast before; this was a first. As Candyce moved in with more mammary contact, Johnsen realized he had run out of chair on the opposite side. Desperately he tried to put the sensory experience out of his mind to get to the reason he was here.
"I'm investigating the murder of a friend of yours, Samuel Landry," Johnsen squeaked as The Breast rubbed away.
"A murder! How cool. They do that on TV, like, all the time." 
"Well yes, but this is a real one. What can you tell me about Landry? I know that you and he were, as they say, an item."
"A what? Item? Nah, we were just good friends. He showed me a good time. We had fun, like, lots of it.” The Breast squashed against his shoulder. Johnsen wondered if it would leave a rash. 
"What do you mean by good?" 
"Really good sometimes. He was good, like, you know what I mean?"
Johnsen was sure he did.
"Were you guys serious about each other?" 
"I don't know. We were serious when we were serious, you know, like when we were very, very close."
She was very close to Johnsen right now, and he didn't feel serious. He wanted space, his space, anywhere as long as it was away from The Breast.
"Oh, I bet I know what you mean. We weren't going to get married or anything. He had, like, a bunch of kids, you know, and besides I date lots of guys."
"But you dated him a good bit from what I hear. And talked on the phone all the time."
"When he was in town, we went out a lot, but he was gone a lot too. Then we'd talk on the phone. He was a hot phone talker. It was, like, fun."
Johnsen bet it was.
"Did Landry ever talk about his business with you?"
"Nah, I didn't want to hear about that stuff. I kept him, like, too busy to think of business.” The Breast kneaded the back of his neck. "I think he was good at his business because he had, like, lots of money. That's what he told me anyway. A good-looking guy with lots of money is fun."
"Did he take you out to expensive places, or on trips?” 
"Nah, maybe too fast food places and a couple of movies. He liked to stay in."
Johnsen wouldn't have touched that with a mature Beech tree.
"I told him I wanted to go to Disney World. That's, like, in Florida. I'd love to see the castle and Cinderella, and he told me he'd take me sometime, but, like, he was always too busy. Now I guess I'll never see it."
"What was keeping him so busy?" The Breast worked behind his right ear.
"I don't know. He told me that he had, like, a big deal going somewhere and that when it went down, we'd be rolling in money, and he'd, like, take me anywhere I wanted to go. I only wanted to go to Disney World." 
"Did he tell you anything about his big deal?”
"Nah, and I wouldn't have understood it anyway. He did complicated things. I just cut hair. But I did think that the deal was with people far away, like, nobody from here."
"What made you think that?"
"He was gone a lot, and I wondered why he didn't hang around here to enjoy, like, our ah...closeness, you know. But he said he had to be gone on this big deal, and, like, I should ‘hold my horses.’ Then we could run wild, he said."
The Breast plumbed the depths of Johnsen's right ear. He couldn't fathom why it didn't excite him. Instead, it felt like he had a cotton wad in it.
"He never told you anything else about the deal?" he asked. He’d ask anything to get his mind out of his ear.
"Nah, that stuff's not cool. I know it was about real estate though. He always talked about land, like, lots of it. I was afraid he wanted to be a farmer and that's ugh. Like they smell funny."
"He didn't tell you where the land was, did he?"
"Nah, but it must have been, like, somewhere else because that's where he always was." The Breast gave a big wiggle and moved in front of Johnsen's ear. He wondered if she’d keep cutting as long as she could rub him. He’d end up the only bald man on the hunt in Leyden.
"Did he ever mention the name George Witry?" 
"Nah, like, he wasn't much for names."
"How about Robert E. Lee or Robin E. Lee?"
"Both of them?"
"No, either."
"Never heard that one either." 
Johnsen wasn't the least surprised.
"How about Sheriff Reeves Stutzenberger?" 
"What a funny name. I'd, like, remember that one.”
"Did Landry ever conduct any of his business with you present?" Johnsen was embarrassed before he finished saying it. 
"We did our business all the time, like, everywhere, but never his other business, you know?" 
"When you heard Landry had been killed, why didn't you call Chief Perkins?”
"I never thought of it. I just thought, like, I'd have to find another guy to be nice to me, you know?” The Breast brushed his right cheek. At least she didn’t have far to go, he thought. 
"There," she said as she moved in front of him and far enough away so that The Breast came into perfect focus. God, it is big, Johnsen thought.
 "How do you like it," she said as she handed him a hand mirror. If she had left tufts of hair all over his head, Johnsen would have praised it just to get away.
"Beautiful. How much do I owe you?"
"Twenty-five dollars."
Johnsen almost choked. He paid his barber in Leyden eight bucks, but then he didn’t have The Breast. 
He handed her most of his cash.
"When you come back, stop and see me," Candyce said. “Like, I'll give you my phone number."
Stretched on a rack to the breaking point, Johnsen would not have admitted he already had her number, repeated dozens of times, in his print out. 
"I will," he promised. As he passed Misty on the way to the door, she said, almost in a whisper, “Be sure to come back again –- soon.”
Friday Afternoon
Never had the air felt so fresh, Johnsen thought. That woman sucks all the oxygen out of the atmosphere around her. Maybe that's why Landry spent so much time out of town. He had to recharge his entire being. Maybe he didn’t mind getting killed. She would have done him in shortly anyway.
Johnsen found Shard and Periwinkle outside the station.
"You look as if you've seen a ghost," Periwinkle said.
"Worse," he said. "I've met my first, like, certified man-eater. I tell you, like, I'm lucky to be alive. I've got a question for you guys. You're Catholics. Like is there an order of monks that will take someone, like, my age? I want to give up my Lutheran God and, like, find some place where no woman like that can go. I have to save, like, my body... and my soul."
Shard and Periwinkle stared at each other.
“What’s with all the valley talk, Norseman? Like, you’re driving us nuts,” Periwinkle said.
“That’s her favorite word. Puts at least one in every sentence. It becomes, like, addictive.”
"To the important stuff, Periwinkle, the hell with the niceties of language. Is this the Johnsen we know and love? The terror of all the singles’ bars in Mohawk County. The man who has a preternatural attraction to all women? The guy whose hormones are so feral he can't take his mind off women for more than ten seconds? I cannot believe what I'm hearing. He wants to become, like, a monk?"
"That reminds me," Johnsen said, in the middle of one of his ten-second intervals. "You remember the story of Aud the Deep Minded, don't you?"
Periwinkle released a long low sigh but decided not to interrupt. Johnsen looked like he needed the escape.
"Aud was an early Christian in Iceland and everyone hated her. The island was pagan you know. She left instructions that when she died, she should be buried below the high tide line so that she wouldn’t have to share her resting place with pagans. Well, I'm going to change my expensive will and be buried likewise, anywhere where Candyce cannot rub her, ah, massive protuberance on me."
"The word is breast. I've heard it before," Periwinkle said.
"But this is not an ordinary one. It's huge, and it rubbed against me for a half an hour. It drove me crazy. I thought I'd never get away from it. I never want to see or feel one against me again. I'm going cold turkey on boobs."
Shard and Periwinkle doubled over in laughter. They stared at Johnsen as if he were a complete stranger. This Johnsen was.
"Come on," Shard said, after he regained his composure. “It’s past lunchtime, and I'm starving.”
"Do you have a cigarette?" Johnsen asked.
"You don't smoke." 
"I know, but I desperately need one now."
Friday Afternoon
Johnsen burbled about The Breast and predatory women throughout lunch, weaving them into sagas of strong-willed women who led their men astray and destroyed their families and farms. Shard and Periwinkle weren’t sure they liked the new Johnsen. 
“It looks as if you have finally met your match, someone who is as good at hustling as you are," Shard said.
Johnsen glared at them.
On the way home, Periwinkle pointed out that Mrs. Freedman and Candyce had drawn very similar profiles of Landry. "I can’t understand why either one of them was interested in him. He's exactly the kind of man I'd never look at twice, self-centered, vain, and pompous."
"That speaks to a problem we have," Shard said. "Can we believe anything Landry told anybody? Was he really on to a big deal this time? Or was it just one of his lines? I suppose the promise of a windfall would be enough to string some women along. I don't know."
"It wouldn't string me along," Periwinkle said. "I couldn't have stood him regardless of how much money he had."
"I don't want to string any women along," Johnsen said. "I used to, before Candyce, but my lines were a lot more creditable than Landry's. Everyone knows that a sergeant in the Mohawk sheriff's department isn't going to get rich, even if he goes on the take. They just have to take me as I am, and right now, I'm not sure what I am."
"It's not your problems we’re concerned with," Periwinkle said. "It's Landry's. But I will agree, you were never half as bad as he was, and you’ve gotten much better since noon."
"I was intrigued by the fact that Mrs. Freedman mentioned that her ex might have been mixed up with the mob when he worked in Utica,” Shard said. “I wonder if he brought any of them along to his Smytheville practice, and if he did, did he run afoul of one of them? Is the mob even in Smytheville? Did The Breast mention anything about the Mafia?"
"No, but she said that Landry wasn’t as well-heeled as he liked to let on. He never took her any place fancy and wouldn't even take her to Disney World, which seems to be in Florida.”
“We know that,” Periwinkle said.
“That’s interesting,” Shard said.
“What? That Disney World is in Florida?” Johnsen asked.
“No. That Candyce claims that Landry didn’t spend any money on her. I found a receipt in his bedroom from a jewelry store for an $800 gold bracelet. I don’t know what such things usually cost, but that sounds to me like a helluva lot of money for a gold bauble. Especially from a guy we think was on the financial edge. What do bracelets cost, Periwinkle?”
“I’m no expert, but that sounds expensive to me too,” she said.
“Maybe his relationship with Candyce was more serious than we thought,” Shard said. “Was she wearing the bracelet today, Johnsen?”
“I didn’t see it, but I didn’t have time to look, either. She focused my attention on other baubles. But, back to your earlier thought about their relationship. I don’t think she attracted Landry with her intellectual abilities, but she was smart enough to figure out that the big deal he always talked about had something to do with land, and she was pretty sure the real estate in question was located out of town. That was why he was gone so much. But we already knew that from the number of phone calls to Candyce."
"Where were the calls from?" Shard asked.
"Most came from an Albany motel. What he was doing there, I don't know.” 
"Plus," he continued, "she was eager for me to know that they had great phone sex. I am sure she was willing to tell me exactly how they did it, but by then I was so thoroughly breasted all I wanted to do was don a monk's habit and flee."
"We cannot dismiss his bragging,” Shard said. "We have to at least check for a deal. Candyce was probably right. It’s out of town. We have to find out where. The simple explanation is that it was in Mohawk County, hence the body drop. Johnsen, I want you to make the supreme sacrifice and see Rosemarie again to find out whether Landry owns any land in the county. If so, where and how much did he pay for it?"
A vision of the gentle swells under Rosemarie’s sweater flooded Johnsen's mind, but he pushed it away.
"My hunch is that you'll find he didn’t own any land except what’s under his house. But Witry's phone number in his Rolodex bothers me. Were Landry and Witry working some kind of deal? Landry could have been a silent partner, although being quiet doesn't seem to have been in his nature. We need to find out if Landry and Witry had something going. Our problem is that Witry isn't going to tell us, and Landry can't."
"Isn't that a nest of snakes, Witry and Landry?" Periwinkle asked.
"The only way to find out," Shard said, "is to look at Landry's estate. We need to see what he had now, not after months of lawyers’ fees for delaying the obvious. I want you guys to work on Landry's lawyer, maybe with Perkins' help, to get a peek at Landry's assets. If he's in some big deal, wouldn’t there have to be a hint of it in his estate rendering?"
"Yeah, unless he was hiding behind someone else," Johnsen said.
"But he was a lawyer, used to dealing in crafty schemes,” Shard said. “Would he have trusted anyone? But he must have written it down somewhere. Which reminds me, find out if he had a safe deposit box and if you can get into it. He might have hidden something there." 
"I'll bet Landry didn't have the ready cash to finance his end of a big deal,” Shard thought aloud. “Which means he had to borrow money. Would he go to the bank in Smytheville, or one in Utica, or was he such a blowhard no banker would back him? Who could he turn to? Not his wife, that’s for sure. Did he borrow from a loan shark who taught him a lesson?"
"Why would they knock him off before he repaid them? They might tap his knees or something," Johnsen said.
"Maybe they didn't intend to knock him off, as you say," Periwinkle said, "but to teach him a lesson, and something went very wrong."
"He learned his lesson all right, but too late to profit by it," Johnsen said.
"Johnsen, as soon as I park this thing, run over to Doc’s burrow to see what he's got on the bones from Sneeds Corners. If he tells you they are Native American, ask him to check again because the Kaiser will not be pleased."
Shard walked over to the post office where Luke and Dizzy sat on the granite stoop basking in the rare ray of December sunshine. Shard opened box 359 and took out a Camel. He sat down between Dizzy and Luke and scratched the dog’s ears. All three felt happy to be alive.
Friday Evening 
Shard met Deputy Neil Hahn at the front desk.
"The Boss has been looking for you all day," Hahn said.
"Is he still up there?"
"Yes, Sir.”
"Thanks." 
For the first time in his memory, Hilda wasn’t there. 
"You wanted to see me, Sir?" he asked just outside the door.
"Come in."
"Beautiful day, isn't it?” 
"It’s the third warmest day ever recorded on this date but watch out. The glass is falling, and my bones tell me another storm is blowing in. But that's not why I wanted to see you. I had a meeting this morning with my re-election finance committee, and those guys estimate that I'm going to have to raise five times what I spent on my last race.”
"I'm sorry to hear that, Sir." 
"They agreed that it was going to be hard to raise that much money when the Landry murder and the casino mess looks bad for the department."
Oh, oh, Shard thought, here it comes.
"They suggested that I clear up all major crimes and problems before I start serious fund raising. That means solving Landry’s murder and quashing the casino protests. Especially the protests. My finance chair, who's in with the casino people, tells me they are worried about the public displays and want better service from us. You know how much I need their money.”
"Yes, Sir." 
"Landry’s less important because he wasn't a local and his death doesn't upset folks much. But he died on my turf, and that means I have the responsibility to explain how.”
"Yes, sir. We are making progress on the case," and he filled the Kaiser in on the details.
Shard left the Kaiser's office depressed. He didn't give a damn about the casino, but he did about Landry. He was paid to solve such crimes. He had a talented team and wanted to solve the murder for them as much as for Landry and himself.
In his office he picked up his three-hole punch and slid off the plastic bottom, lifted out a Camel, and found Ellen’s number. He noticed it was the same one he had dialed a thousand times in high school. 
When Ellen picked up on the fourth ring, Shard felt a familiar feeling wash over him, as if time had stood still.
"Hi, this is Tom. I'm sorry we couldn't get together for lunch, but I was out of town all day." He talked faster than usual. “But I wondered if you would like to go out to eat tonight?"
“I can’t. I’m sorry. I promised to go over to the Sunset and have dinner with mother.” Shard sensed her rejection was tentative.
"How about tomorrow night then? I'll tell you what, why don't you come over to my house, and I'll whip up one of my specialties with a couple bottles of wine I imported from outside Mohawk County?”
“I’d love to.”
He'd hit a home run. 
Before the ball cleared the fence, Johnsen strode through the door carrying a black file folder.
“I’ve got it, Boss…oh, sorry.” 
 Shard waved to him to sit down and said to Ellen, "I'll see you at 6.30 then. I look forward to it.”
Ever the detective, Johnsen immediately deduced that Shard had made a date. Pretty fast for an old guy, he thought. Of course, if she was an old flame, that made it easier. He made a mental note to talk to Periwinkle. Women understood this stuff. 
"I caught Doc as he was leaving his office. He wasn't pleased because, as he explained over and over, his liver was palpitating. It always does at five o'clock. He said to tell you it was your fault he wasn’t servicing his body's needs, and if anything happened to him tonight, it would be on your conscience. Grumbling all the while, he photocopied his autopsy report. He put it in a black folder. Nice touch, isn't it?"
"Just tell me what's in it." 
"Dead, male Indian." If Shard wanted short, he'd get short, Johnsen thought.
"How long?"
Johnsen resisted saying five feet, four inches, and instead said "Doc doesn't know. Several hundred years or more. If we want to spend a fortune, he told me, we could order carbon dating tests."
"Wonderful. The Kaiser has ordered me to calm the casino protesters so he can raise money. Now I've got a dead Indian smack in the middle of the Mohawk casino."
"Indians own the casino. They might overlook a dead brother to make the tribe rich," Johnsen said.
"I think that’s wishful thinking. Indians care about their dead, care a lot. I'm not sure money will smooth this over. Leave the report with me and don't mention it to the Kaiser or anyone else. I want to keep the press off our necks. Doc won't say anything. Maybe the smartest move would be to talk to the Indians."
"But those who aren’t Mohawks oppose the casino. How do we know what tribe this fellow belonged to? If he was an Indian."
"I'll have to mull this over," Shard said, anxious to leave and assuage his own liver's demands. "I'll let you know Monday. In the meantime, don’t rush to Smytheville to see Candyce's part again. She's too much woman for you."
The western sky was black, and the air smelled of snow. 
Friday Night
After supper Shard went out to his barn where he did his best thinking. He opened the fuse box, took out a Camel, dragged his stool over to his Morgan, and sat looking at it. As he ran his specially treated rag over the running boards and back fender, he turned over the possible connections among Witry, Lee, Landry, Candyce, the ex-wife, the big deal, the dead Indian, Charbeneau's thugs, the casino, and the trapped surveyors. He thought about his interviews and discussions and came up with nothing new. I’m getting too old for this, he decided. Maybe I need a woman to rejuvenate my detecting talents. If I get any duller, I’ll end up sitting next to Luke and Dizzy on the post office steps all day.
He smiled. That had been one of the nicer five minutes of the week. It was a rarity to sit in winter sunshine in Leyden. Shard's mind clicked over one ratchet, and he imagined Luke on Sunday night making snow angels in the middle of Tilden Avenue. Talk about innocence, he thought, a child-man lying in a public street without a qualm in the world. His little voice reminded him that Luke was nearly run over by a big car. 
Shard stopped polishing. Periwinkle said Luke told her about it the next day, Monday. Shard rummaged through his mind to recall what else Periwinkle had reported. A big red car stuck in his mind, but to Luke, lying on his back, any car looked big. But he did tell Periwinkle big and red. Maybe he knows big and red when he sees it, he thought. 
Shard sat on his stool and pulled the soft cloth through his fingers. His brain clicked over one more ratchet to Mrs. Waters, the ever-nursing mother. She said she had seen a big car behind the Thruway gas station. But had she mentioned its color? Shard reviewed their telephone conversation and decided that he hadn’t asked. Could it have been the same car? The timing was about right, but does Luke know what time he made the snow angels? Does he have a watch? Could he read it if he did? Shard realized he didn't know how far off normal Luke was. He could picture Luke in court explaining that he can't tell time and doesn't know his days of the week, but that he does love to make snow angels in the street in front of big cars. Any defense attorney would tear him apart. 
But he might be able to get something out of his only eyewitness, Shard figured. He headed for the phone.
He called Periwinkle on the rotary dial phone he had used as a kid. It was still useful as long as he didn't have to punch in a number to talk to a real person. 
Periwinkle answered, "Hi, Lieutenant."
"You have one of those caller IDs, don't you?” 
“Yup, to protect me from late-night phone calls from strange men.”
Shard decided to let that one drop. "I'm really sorry to call you at home, but I just had a thought out in the barn.” Shard explained the connection he had made between Luke and Mrs. Waters. It seemed more far-fetched on the phone than it had in the barn.
"I want you to talk to Luke to see what else he remembers about Sunday night. You are good with him, and maybe a few donuts, coffee, and whatever else that makes Luke happy will jog his memory. If it was the same car, then Luke was an eyewitness to the murder. Not a great one, but better than nothing. Find out if he has a watch. Can he tell time? And did all this take place on Sunday? Okay?"
"Will do, Boss. Do you need it tonight?"
"No, no. The next time you are downtown this weekend and run into Luke."
"In other words, before Monday."
"That would be perfect, and in return I promise that I won't bother you again this weekend. Deal?"
“Okay.” 
Saturday Morning
My lord, my difficulty’s even more acute than that.
Whenever I see a beautiful woman
I’m reminded of the one I love,
And my grief’s redoubled. 
(Hrafnkel’s Saga, Ivar’s Story)
The Kaiser had been right. Heavy lake-effect snow had blown in and blanketed Leyden during the night. It was hubcap deep when Shard headed out to replenish his larder.
He spent over two hundred dollars for groceries that fit into four paper bags. He went next door to Ed Armer's Liquors and said, "I'll have one, just one.” Ed reached into a cardboard Thorfin Skullsplitter beer display and pulled out a Camel. 
"Remember a couple of weeks ago when we decided we wanted to try some Springbank 21?" Ed asked.
"Yeah, did you order it?"
"It came in yesterday."
"Let's break it open and have a taste."
"I think not, not in here. Take it home and taste it for me."
Shard winced when Ed mentioned the price of the bottle. 
"At least I didn't get you a bottle of fifty-year-old Springbank," he said to ease the pain of the $84 bottle he did order.
Shard savored the poetic discourse on the side of the box. He thought that if he ever retired from the department, he'd put his English degree to work and write scotch blurbs. They were wonderful, always peaty.
Driving home he saw Periwinkle with her head down, tucked deeply into her scarf. Luke and Dizzy walked alongside as if they were out for a June jaunt. Luke was talking, at least his jaws were moving, and Dizzy, when he wasn't licking snowflakes off his nose, tried to herd Periwinkle and Luke toward any place that looked warm.
Saturday Morning
Periwinkle took them into Patel’s steamy deli and ordered glazed donuts and coffee for the two of them and two unglazed ones for Dizzy. After they found a table, she asked, “Do you remember the night you made snow angels in the street?"
"Yeah," Luke said, "I love angels. They're pretty. Maybe I'm an angel."
"I'll bet you are, Luke." 
"Do you like to make angels?" Luke asked.
"I sure do. I made lots of them when I was a little girl. I think God likes them too."
"Will you make angels with me now?"
"It’s too cold to make angels now, but I promise I will sometime." 
Luke liked that idea.
"Do you remember the car that almost ran over you while you were making angels in the street the other night?"
Luke had two donuts in his mouth, but managed to say,
 "I made lots of angels that night. I like snow."
"But what about the car Luke? Do you remember it?"
"Yeah, it was red. It was big. It scared me.” He was pretty good with simple sentences, Periwinkle noticed.
"Do you remember anything else about the car?"
"Nah, I was looking at my angel. It was real pretty. Until Dizzy walked on it."
"Where was the car then?" 
"Past me."
"Where was past you. What store was it in front of?" 
“It weren't in front of any store."
"Where was it then?"
"By the alley."
"Did anyone get out of the car there?"
"I don't know. I was looking at my angel."
"Then what happened?"
"The car left."
"Luke, do you have a wrist watch?"
"Yup," he pulled his coat sleeve up and showed it to her. It was a black plastic digital.
"Did you see what time it was when the car left?"
"Nah."
"What color was the car?"
"Red. Could I have another donut? Dizzy too?"
"Sure." Periwinkle bought four more donuts and a coffee refill.
"Do you know what time it was when you made your angel?"
"It was dark."
"Did you check your handsome watch?"
"Nope, but the bell rang."
"What bell?"
"Saint Florian's.”
"How many rings?"
"Twelve."
"You must be a good counter."
"Yeah. Wanna hear me?"
"Yes."
Luke counted quickly to twenty-three and then either ran out of breath or numbers, Periwinkle couldn't tell.
"Do you wanna see me count again?" 
"Sure, go ahead."
This time he made it to nineteen and stopped with a silly grin for Periwinkle's approbation.
"Wonderful," she said, and she gave him a big hug. Dizzy looked up and Periwinkle swore he smiled. But after three donuts, she suspected that even a pit bull would.
"I'll walk back with you to the post office, Okay?" 
"Okay. Can me and Dizzy have another donut?”
"Absolutely." 
Saturday Evening
Shard returned home to five inches of snow in his driveway and decided it was a perfect night for a fire. He made three trips to bring in dry logs from the barn and was tempted to light it to take the chill off the house but decided to clean up the place instead.
As he worked, Shard realized that he was like a kid getting ready for his first date. He wondered if Ellen was as sloppy a housekeeper as was Hope. All that he could remember was that everything Ellen wore always looked as if she had just ironed it. There must be a law, he decided, that determines some people are born to dribble and drool and step in every wad of fresh gum, while others are genetically predisposed to dodge all those things. He knew which group he was in and was certain Landry was one of the latter types. He was cleaner dead than I am most of the time, Shard thought. 
He changed clothes, poured himself three fingers of the new scotch with two small ice cubes, and carried it into the living room where he dug a Camel out of the box of fireplace matches, lighted the fire, and settled into his chair.
He had barely exhaled when his doorbell rang. Ellen must have gotten the time wrong, he thought. He gave the dining and living rooms one last quick look and opened his door.
"Welcome…Periwinkle," he said trying to keep the surprise out of his voice. Her coat and knit hat were covered with a thick layer of snow and a few flakes clung to her eyelashes. Rather fetching Shard thought as he helped her out of her coat and struggled to organize his thoughts.
She glanced at the blazing fire and the glass on his side table. 
"I'm having a tot of scotch. Would you like one?"
"Sounds perfect," Periwinkle said just before she noticed the dining room table set for two. It was too late to back out of the drink. 
"I hope I’m not interrupting anything, but I had a chat with Luke and I thought you might want to hear what I found out." The words gushed out as her mind sought some way to disappear gracefully. "I was going to call and then decided to take a walk. It’s beautiful, so quiet, and I noticed your house was all lit up and decided to stop. I won't stay long."
"No problem," Shard said from the kitchen.
He brought out a glass of scotch with a single ice cube. 
"Springbank 21. It’s pretty good. Better than good really. Perfect on a night like this."
He pulled the other chair closer to the fire and extended his hand for her to sit. 
"I'm fixing dinner tonight for an old high school friend who is town for a couple of days to settle her mother into the Sunset Nursing Home. Haven't seen her in ages.” Shard rushed his words too, Periwinkle noticed.
"I won't stay long. I wanted you to know that Luke saw the guys dump Landry. That's the good news. The bad news is that it's Luke. But he remembered the big red car. He also saw it in front of Steubens Alley. But he was more interested in his snow angel and didn’t look to see who got out of it."
"So, he didn't see anyone." 
"I don't think so. But here's the interesting part. He knows the time it happened. He didn’t look at his watch. He heard St. Florian's bells ring and counted the dongs. There were twelve of them. I tested him to see if he could count, and he did it twice for me. He was so proud. Once he made it to twenty-three and the second time to nineteen, both without mistakes. Why the difference, I don't know. It's just Luke I guess."
"That confirms what Doc told us and what we thought the time frame was. When the bell tolled, what was he doing in the street?" 
“All I could get out of him was that it was while he made his angel or maybe after he had finished it, very close to the time the car must have been there. It had to have been within a couple of minutes of Landry's death."
Shard took a long sip while he thought. His brain churned on two levels, Luke and Landry on the uppermost part and what to tell Ellen and Periwinkle when Ellen arrived. Did he have enough dinner and wine for three? Life could be worse than entertaining two attractive, bright, women for dinner on a snowy evening, he thought, but then again, it might be nicer with just one -- either one. 
"Do you think it was the same car Mrs. Waters saw on the Thruway?" the top half of his brain asked.
"Well, if it isn't, it's a helluva coincidence. They were both big and maybe red, and the times fit well. I wish Luke had taken more interest in the guys who tried to run over him. It's got to be the same ones."
"I agree. I'll call Mrs. Waters tomorrow or Monday to recheck her story and to be sure the car was red. I suppose Luke didn't get the license number."
"I didn't ask. He isn’t the license number type. He's really not very curious. After they left, he didn't check the alley, for example. And by the way, have you ever watched that dog hoover donuts? He's insatiable. He'd still be eating if I had kept buying.”
Shard’s telephone interrupted.
"Ellen is going to be a little late. Would you like to stay and have dinner with us?" There he'd said it.
There was nothing she would have liked more than to down a couple more drinks, eat a good dinner, and curl up in front of the fire with a glass of port. But there was one person too many in the scenario. And she wasn't sure whether it was the ambiance or the promise of Shard's company that was more inviting.
"I really can't, thank you. I don't want to interfere with your plans. It was impolite of me to stop without calling. I apologize."
"No need to. You bring much needed life into this old place. If you had called, I would have invited you to dinner, so it worked out exactly the same." In the back of his mind Shard wondered if he really would have invited her. On any other day, without hesitation, but he looked forward to seeing Ellen, perhaps more than he was ready to admit.
"Thanks for talking to Luke. We’ve made progress. We need the car and the two guys, and then we can bust it wide open. At the moment though, I can't figure out how to get to either. If we knew the make and model of the car, especially a big, red one, we might have a starting point to work the license plates in a couple of counties. But we don't. And if the guys were on the Thruway, they could be from anywhere."
Shard stared into the fire. "I still think Witry is the key, and we know where he is. It’s a matter of wringing the truth out of him, and that's not going to be easy."
Periwinkle was antsy. Shard's date was due any moment.
"I have to go,” she said and went to the front door.
As she pulled her knit hat on, Shard marveled at her beautiful, shiny hair. He resisted the impulse to touch it.
"Come back any time," he said, and suspected that he meant it.
Periwinkle walked out into the softly falling snow that enveloped the town in its embrace.
A car drove past her slowly and turned into Shard’s driveway. Periwinkle gave it a wave, only a little more enthusiastic than the Royal One, but couldn't tell if the driver returned it. 

CHAPTER 6: SHARD'S DATE
Saturday Evening
Shard barely had time to throw a couple more logs on the fire before his doorbell rang. Geez, he thought, I spend ninety-nine percent of my evenings alone, and when I finally do get a date, it's like Grand Central's information booth here. He wondered if that was a cliché.
He opened the door wide enough to make sure before he said, "Ellen. It's great to see you. Come on in."
She looked stunning in black slacks and a black cashmere sweater that set off her jet-black hair and dark, almost black eyes. All that black against her almost parchment-like skin was a compelling combination. Shard noticed that she had earned a few strands of gray over the years but had made no attempt to cover them. He had forgotten how tall she was, about five nine in her stocking feet, but she was still pencil thin, or at least all that black made her appear that way. The years had treated her gently. She had just a few laugh-crinkles around the outside of her eyes and mouth, evidence of a happy nature.
As she noted the look of approval in his eyes, Ellen took Shard's measure. He hadn't changed much she thought, a bit heavier, especially across his chest and stomach, but still appealing. He carried his height, a few inches over six feet, well. It was all that police training, she guessed. His dark brown hair, now graying around the edges, was short enough for police work but long enough to pass as a good-looking civilian cut. Ellen thought it had a touch of planned neglect, soft and wavy around the bottom and more structured further up. She had always had a thing about men's hair; she thought it said a lot about their personalities. His blue eyes were still piercing and unexpected, given his hair and skin coloring. They always gave away his thoughts, even his most intimate ones. He was a lousy liar, she remembered. And right now, those eyes told her unequivocally that he liked what he saw. I should have married him flitted briefly through her mind.
Ellen broke the spell. "I passed an attractive young woman leaving your house a minute ago. I hope that I haven’t interrupted anything.”
“That was Sharon Periwinkle, my sergeant, who dropped by to tell me about an interview she had today with a possible eyewitness to a murder we are working on."
“Oh.”
"You look great, and I appreciate your willingness to come for dinner. I don't know what you drink, but I have a very nice bottle of single-malt. Would you like some?"
"Yes, thank you." 
"I loved this house when your parents lived here. It hasn't changed much, has it?" Ellen continued.
"I haven't had time to do anything with it. I'm not home much. My parents left it in pretty good shape, and it gives my life some continuity and stability. Let's enjoy the fire for a few minutes. Everything is under control in here." 
Ellen couldn't see or smell anything cooking but didn’t mention it.
After she eased herself into the chair Periwinkle had just vacated, Shard said, "I'm sorry that you've had to put your mother in Sunset. It's terrible to watch our parents age and start to depend upon us."
"She was getting forgetful, and since I'm out in Buffalo, I was nervous about her around the gas stove, with knives, and the like.  Sunset is a nice place, and she didn't seem to mind moving there. Besides, many of her friends are also inmates, and she won't have to drive to her weekly bridge game anymore. It's just down the hall. If they are all as forgetful as mother, the game must be a hoot."
They sat in silence for a moment listening to the crackle of the fire.
"I suppose you heard that Mark died almost two years ago, quite suddenly with an aneurysm,” Ellen said. “I guess you could call me a single mom now, although I hate that term. Alice is twelve and a lean, tall girl who is on the honor roll and starting to attract boys, just like I did when you hung around my house. I bet my mother felt about you the same way as I do about the boys who pester Alice."
Shard laughed at the thought that he worried her parents. He was as naive as they came and perhaps still was, he thought. "I hadn’t heard about your husband, but I'm very sorry. It must have been terribly difficult.”
"Alice has been a great help; she keeps the house warmer somehow, and we have a good relationship. It also helps that I love my job. I left the accounting firm in Williamsville and struck out on my own. Because my time is more flexible, I can attend Alice’s events. I have two CPAs working for me, and we stay busy. I do worry about mother, however; she's so far away. I tried to get her to move to Buffalo, but all her friends are here. The problem is that they are dying off. She may soon be the last one left, but by then she probably won't know it. Something like a tontine, I suppose, without a prize. Enough about me, what about you? You’re looking good."
"Thanks. I try to stay in shape, but I’ve been lax about working out for the last week because I’m working on a murder case." Shard stirred the coals and dropped three more birch logs on the fire. "I'm sure you’ve heard that Hope and I are history."
"I did. I always assumed you two would get married.”
"I did too. I proposed to her numerous times, but she always had an excuse. Then she met a drug salesman and left me. I had no idea they were having an affair, clueless. That was four years ago, and I still can’t seem to make an emotional commitment. Maybe some of us are meant to be garrulous bachelors. I'm certainly becoming one, grumpy, set in my ways, and married to my job."
He hadn't intended to lay his load of emotional grief on Ellen. It just flowed because she seemed as comfortable as an old shoe. No, that wasn't quite right. She seemed to care. Maybe he still meant something to her. He rarely opened up this way to anyone, much less a woman his age.
"We're a great pair," she said. “A couple of walking wounded. Mark's death so stunned me that I sewed up my emotional sack, stowed it, and got on with my life. I haven't had a date in two years and haven't worried about it. My single friends paint horror stories about the dating scene. They make it sound so bad that I'd rather figure taxes than venture into that galaxy of duplicity and pain. And I’m not sure I know the rules anymore."
"Speaking of pain," Shard said, "it's almost eight, and I have a dinner to fix. Come out to the kitchen. I'll make you another drink and assemble my gourmet repast."
Ellen pitched in. While he poured fresh drinks, she read the recipes, mixed the ingredients for the pork tenderloin, heated the rice-water, and asked Shard to sauté the sesame green beans. Shard leaned his hip against the stove, stirred, sipped, and watched her deft hands at work. Through it all, she kept up an interesting patter of conversation.
The meal was as good as Shard had hoped. They finished a bottle of pinot grigio, and Shard brought out one of Glenmorangie port wood for an after-dinner nip. They sat in front of the coals and rehashed old times until Ellen noticed it was after one.
"I've got to run, Tom," she announced. "I have to be at Sunset in time for breakfast and then head back to Buffalo.” 
"I had better drive you home. The cops hereabouts frown on single women weaving their way down our snowy roads."
"You've had just as much to drink as I have.”
"Yeah, but I'll take you in the cruiser. I'm the cop that frowns on your type. Let me get your coat."
"But I need my car in the morning to see mother."
"Leave me your car keys, and I'll drop it by your house early and take my morning run from your mother's place back here."
In her driveway they made small talk and looked at each other for long, awkward moments. Finally, Shard extended his hand and they shook enthusiastically and broke out laughing. It released the tension. 
At the door, Shard said, "Let's do this right" and bent down and gave her a kiss. 
"When do you think you'll be back?" 
"I suppose I'll check on mother once a month or so."
"We'll go out for dinner the next time. Okay?" 
"I'd like that. I'll call you."
Shard drove home with a warm glow he was sure didn't come from the liquor. He still had feelings for her.
As he was about to fall asleep, a voice blew out of some deep, unexplored cranny in his mind and asked, “Will he kill again?” He slept.
Sunday
 (Hakon]) grew to be a fine administrator
and brought firm peace to the land
(Orkneyinga Saga, Chpt. 52)
Sunday dawned with bright sun reflecting off the mounds of pristine snow. Everything looked clean, pure, and happy. 
Shard threw fresh logs on the few coals left and delivered Ellen's car. He left the keys under the mat, a really original hiding place for a cop, he thought.
After his run, Shard read the newspapers until the phone rang. 
"Hello?"
"Lieutenant Shard? This is Chief Perkins. I ran into Landry's lawyer at church this morning. He and Landry were both on our curling team. Edwin, that's the lawyer, told me that Landry has a safe deposit box, and he was going over tomorrow morning to see what’s in it. I thought you'd like to know. Sorry to bother you at home, but your card has your home number on it, so I figured it'd be okay."
"I appreciate your call. Tell you what, I'll send Sergeant Johnsen down in the morning to accompany Edwin to the bank. What time do you think he’ll go?" 
"The bank doesn't open until nine and sometimes later if everybody is late. I'll call Edwin and ask if we can set it up for, say, ten. Would that be okay?"
"Fine, Chief. I'll get Johnsen on the road as soon as he gets in.”
Shard settled in front of the fire to finish a New York Times' article on a small-town Arkansas high school basketball team that had won forty-eight consecutive games with a center six feet eleven inches tall who wore a metal brace on his right leg because of a congenital deformity. The kid couldn't move to his right very well, but he compensated by spinning on his good leg, baffling his opponents. Where did the Times find such stuff? But Shard hoped the kid would keep spinning and win every game of his high school career.
The phone rang again.
Before Shard could say hello, the Kaiser started to explain about the cold front sweeping down from Manitoba or someplace and what it would do to the streets for the next couple of days, not to mention his heating bill. Shard took the introduction as a good omen.
"Hi, Boss," he said, when the Kaiser stopped for a breath.
"But that's not why I called." 
Shard knew that.
"Have you had your radio on this morning?" 
Leyden's radio station had a restricted license that allowed it to broadcast only between dawn and sunset. In the winter everyone at the station worked part time because the days were so short.
"What time did it come on this morning?" Shard asked. Not that it made any difference, but the Kaiser knew his sun-ups and sundowns.
"8:23." 
"That's good," Shard said. "But to answer your question, I haven't had the radio on today. What did I miss?"
"The riot!" the Kaiser bellowed.
Shard feared that this had something to do with the casino and campaign contributions.
"What riot?" 
"The one with hundreds of people at the Opydyke farm protesting the casino."
"Hundreds of people are standing in a foot of snow with the temperature around twenty degrees?" 
"Twenty-three degrees to be precise, and yes, that's just what the damned fools are doing!"
The Kaiser didn't swear often, and when he did, used only light blue profanity, never anything that hinted of body parts, or advice to God. “Damned fool” was about as far as he would go, although Shard remembered a couple of well-placed and very pointed “sonofabitches,” a phrase the Kaiser always squeezed into one word. “Damned fool,” meant the Kaiser wasn't angry, just irritated.
Although Shard hadn't finished with his spinning Arkansas center, and his fire drew him like a magnet, he asked, “Would you like me to go out there and talk to them again?" 
The Kaiser's pause was uncomfortably long. He had obviously interpreted Shard's tentative, polite offer as a serious request to go and freeze half to death.
“Nooooo, I don't think you have to. Why does this stuff have to happen when I’m up for reelection? Last year we almost died of boredom in the department."
Shard couldn't recall any boredom. He remembered the cow rustlers it took two months to find, the arsonist who torched only small off-the-wall churches, that farmwoman, Lindy or Wendy or something, who poisoned her husband because she was having an affair with the hired hand, a couple of armed robberies, and, oh yeah, the guy who sat with his son on the top of the bridge over the Black River threatening to jump. Boredom? In the sheriff's county? 
“Yes, Sir, it does make you wonder."
"Okay, Lieutenant, I want to talk to you the first thing tomorrow morning. We've got to get this thing settled down. I want them out of my county. Why can't they demonstrate in Oneida County? Its sheriff is a shoo-in."
"Yes, Sir," Shard said. "I'll be in your office first thing in the morning."
"And bring me some ideas, will you?"
 Glad he got that out of his system, Shard thought, as he finished the spinning center story. The more he thought about the kid, the more he liked him.
Monday Morning
Such murmurs of murder are over,
For me, who enlivened the raven,
My linen-lass, that lies finished,
(And as they now lie counted,  the count of them lies.)
 (Viga-Glums Saga, Chpt.23)
Shard had just returned to his office when his phone rang.
"Lieutenant Shard." 
"This is Candyce Fortner. Detective Johnsen gave me his card and, like, asked me to call him. Your telephone operator, like, switched my call to you. Okay?"
"Fine."
"Do you know when Detective Johnsen will be back here? I'd like to see him again. He's nice."
A goofy smile spread across Shard's face. He'd give a bunch to have Johnsen and Periwinkle sitting in on this conversation.
"I don't know when he'll be back, but is there something I can help you with? Do you have any fresh information on Landry?"
"Nope, I just wanted to, like, see Detective Johnsen again. He's a hunk."
"Right. I'll give him your message and ask him to call you as soon as possible. Does he have your number?"
"Yup, I gave it to him."
Feeling euphoric, Shard walked over to his hat rack, picked it up, and removed the Camel stuck to its underside with a piece of doubled-sided tape. 
Monday Morning
Shard had barely settled back into his desk chair when Johnsen slipped in and grabbed the other one. Shard told him about Periwinkle's talk with Luke, and they pondered how reliable Luke was. They agreed, not very. Before Shard could tell Johnsen about the safe deposit box, his sergeant asked, "how was your date Saturday night?"
Shard's first thought was, how'd he know?
"It wasn't a date, just a comfortable dinner with an old high school friend. I haven’t seen her in years, and we caught up on old times.”
"I wasn't prying, Boss.”
"Thanks.” 
"Now that that's out of the way," Shard said, "I want you to drive to Smytheville and check in with Chief Perkins. He called yesterday to tell me Landry's lawyer is going to open Landry's safe deposit box this morning. I want you there. It’s at ten, so you have plenty of time to stock up on coffee and donuts. Oh, since you’ll be down there anyway, stop in the beauty parlour and ask Candyce about that expensive bracelet Landry gave her. Find out if he showered her with other expensive stuff. I’d like to know if he was better off than everyone thought he was. And, if so, where he got his money. This guy seems to have had numerous secret lives."
“Come on, Boss. That isn’t fair. I barely got out of there the last time with my libido intact. She’s a monster.”
“I have faith in your ability to handle the opposite sex, Norseman.”
"Is Periwinkle going?" Johnsen asked.
"You should live so long. I need her to run down some information for me here.”
"I'm being banned from the kingdom just like poor old Egil, thrown out just when things were heating up at home."
"Poor old Egil! Where do you get the poor old Egil stuff? That guy was a homicidal maniac." Shard had read Egil's Saga in self-defense because Johnsen loved it. "Did your grandfather read Egil's Saga to you at bedtime?"
"As a matter of fact, he did.”
"Delightful children's reading. Egil was barely out of swaddling clothes before he cleaved some poor kid's head in two with a battle-ax."
"Grim shouldn't have played so rough with him. And it wasn't a battle-ax. It was a beard-ax."
"Oh, that makes a big difference."
"The story didn't hurt me any. I don't go around splitting skulls."
"I hope not." 
Periwinkle peeked into the office and saw that she was relegated to the wastebasket. She decided to stand.
"By the way Johnsen,” Shard said. “I had a call for you today from some woman who wants you to call her back. She said it was personal, so I didn't probe. But you know it's unprofessional to take personal calls in the office."
Periwinkle and Johnsen looked at one another, recalling Ellen's call Friday. Shard's happy grin also puzzled them.
"She said, ‘like, you had her phone number’ and mentioned that she was anxious to see you. She, like, called you a ‘hunk,’ if I remember correctly."
“Oh, God.”
"Not quite right, like, your good friend Candyce. She called you Detective Johnsen. You really impressed her. She had nothing new. Like, she just wants to see you."
"Did she really call or are you making that up?"
"Oh, she called all right. You really bowled that young lady over."
"The only impression I remember is the one The Breast made on my shoulders, ears, neck, and face. Sorry she called here."
"I was nice," Shard said. "I didn't tell her you were coming down there. I was afraid she’d run over to the bank, and you’d forget what was in Landry's safe deposit box. And, I didn’t tell her you were coming over to see her either."
“Whaaat?” Periwinkle asked. “You’re sending poor Johnsen into her clutches again. She’ll destroy him.”
“The Viking is tough. I'm sending him to Smytheville to be there when they open Landry's safe deposit box. While he’s there, I want him to look into that expensive bracelet. If Landry gave it to her, it puts him in a different light. In the meantime, I have been bidden into the Kaiser's presence. It’s that damned casino again. He called yesterday to ask me to come up with ideas on how to quash the mess and to make it go away. Now, since I have assembled the brightest detective squad in the history of this department, I've decided to let you guys impress me with your brilliant notions of how to please our uberboss. The floor is open."
Nothing. He noticed that when he asked people a question they couldn’t answer, they either looked at their feet as if seeing them for the first time or stared at the ceiling in wonderment. At the moment, they were both fixated on their shoes.
"Many thanks kids. I'll pass your ideas along. In the meantime, Periwinkle, I need you to do a little snooping. Find out where Witry was on the night of the murder. But for God's sake, don't come out and ask him. Check the bars, especially O'Reilly’s, and maybe some of the evening regulars there. Hell, ask Luke. He probably knows, only it'll take all day to get it out of him. Now mush, I'm out of here to smother the Kaiser with your pregnant thoughts."
Monday Morning
 “Morning beautiful," he said to Hilda. She almost smiled, and then thought better of it. 
"Morning,” she replied. "The sheriff is anxious to talk to you."
Stutzenberger was already squeezed into his chair for the day.
"Before you ask, it's going to be partly cloudy, and I doubt the temperature will get above freezing, so we won't have any melt. Now, what do you have for me?"
It was Shard's turn to stare at his feet, hoping they would yank him through the floor into the snack room below. No such luck.
"I think that I ought to talk to Johnny Littlejohn. As the head of the casino corporation, he ought to have some inside information on what's up on Opydyke's farm. We played football against each other in high school, and he’s a pretty straight shooter. Besides, I need to talk to him about the corpse the surveyors found on the farm. Doc thinks it’s a Native American, and there's likely to be a heap of trouble when the news breaks.”
“Whoa! Whoa!” The Kaiser bellowed. “What corpse? Nobody told me anything about one. An Indian?”
“A Native American, yes. I didn’t want to bother you until Doc gave me his report, and I just got it.”
“Oh, just wonderful,” the Kaiser said.
“It’s a complicating factor, and that’s why I thought I’d better talk to Litttlejohn. He's no professional Indian, but I suspect he's against moving native corpses. Let me scout him out, no pun intended, and I'll get back to you. We’ve also made some progress on the Landry case. So, we're in pretty good shape, Boss."
Shard knew the Kaiser didn’t buy all his blather, but it didn't hurt to put the best possible face on everything.
"I think you are overly cheerful this morning, Lieutenant, but I like the idea of you talking to Littlejohn. Just make sure the newspaper doesn't get wind of your meeting. The reporters can write all they want after I'm reelected, but right now I am a firm believer in muzzling the free press. But keep me better informed; two corpses are two too many.”
"Absolutely, Boss, I shall." 
Shard thought he'd hold off on Littlejohn until he could talk to Doc to see how certain he was about his patient’s ethnicity. He donned his black coat and strode out of the building. The sheriff was right, he decided. It wouldn't thaw today. 
He ducked into the First Methodist Church on Conkling Street and lifted the lid on the cast-iron poor box. Since, as usual, there wasn't a cent inside, Shard wondered whether Methodists were cheaper than other Christians. Pastor Evans, one of the more trusting souls in God's flock, didn't even lock the box. It occurred to him as he took a Camel out that maybe somebody who doesn’t smoke steals the money.
Doc had his feet up on his secretary's desk perusing the Sun-Times. "I knew it” he said, “The minute I got up this morning and looked at the foot of snow on the ground I thought Shard will have another corpse for me today, and I'll end up to me arse in a frozen hole looking at some poor sod's remains, and the first thing you'll ask me is, exactly what time did he die?"
"Morning Doc." 
"Your tone of voice tells me you do have a corpse. God, why didn't I become a flower arranger in my brother-in-law's petal shop? I got lousy advice as a lad."
"Nope, no corpse today. I want to talk to you about the Opydyke man."
"The Opydyke Man. Oh, I like that. It'll make me famous. Yea, Gods, I'll get my name in the literature and travel the country giving speeches at all the famous universities like SUNY Albany and make millions explaining the Opydyke man's world. No more frozen holes for me. I’ve got to phone my agent."
"Don't call him yet, Doc. I need to know if you are absolutely sure the Opydyke Man is, or was, a Native American. It's important to me and about a hundred other people."
"Have you ever seen me anything but absolutely sure of everything I say? Have I ever misled you? No! I'm perfect!" His cigar twitched at the exclamation mark.
"Well, there's perfect and then there's perfect. Can you tell from the remains that he was a Native American?"
"The skull says it all, my dear boy. I am certain that the Opydyke Man was an Indian. Seen lots of them in my time. But don't worry. He's been out there for hundreds of years. None of his relatives are going to sue you. How's that for good news?"
"That ain't good news, Doc. Native Americans don't take to building buildings, especially casinos, over their departed. It's not the smart thing to do with all those spirits roaming around.”
"Have you considered that he may not have been a Mohawk? The Mohawks may have hated him. If that's the case, a casino would be just the thing for them to plant over him, eh?"
"Do you have any evidence that the Opydyke Man was from some other tribe?" 
"You got to be kidding me! It takes a genius just to recognize the bones are Indian. Even God isn't good enough to pinpoint the tribe." 
"All right, I’m convinced. I would appreciate it, though, if you didn't tell the Sun-Times that you've uncovered a Native American. It would only complicate the casino deal."
"And I know your boss wouldn’t like anything politically complicated right now. I don’t want to make a public spectacle of the poor fellow. In fact, I'm not going to have him much longer. The state lab boys want to take a look at him to run a few tests to make sure he's been dead for centuries. Then they'll send him back to me.”
"I appreciate your help." 
"Glad to be of service, but if you find a body today, could you let it rest until spring?”
Monday Morning
Littlejohn had a small, dark office reached through a side door just off Tilden. No phony secretary's desk for Littlejohn, he sat behind the only one in the room reading the Sun-Times. Shard wondered if there was something earth shaking that he had missed in this morning's edition. Everyone in town seemed glued to the paper. The only thing on the desk was a framed photo of a pretty brunette in a skimpy bathing suit. 
"Morning, Johnny. It's been a while."
"Yup," Johnny replied. Shard remembered he was not known to be the most chatty fellow.
"I need some information to help us deal with the protesters out on the Opydyke farm. My biggest question is do you really plan to build your casino there? A couple of hundred people standing around out there seem to think you are."
"I can't tell you. Our land costs would go up."
"Fair enough. But let's hypothesize that's where it's going. Last week the surveyors uncovered a body on the edge of the property that Doc Fox says is a Native American, probably dead several centuries. If he’s right, and the state lab folks agree, it raises all sorts of problems, namely, would you build your casino on burial land?"
“It creates serious problems. I don’t want grave robbers to dig up my ancestors. I don't dig your people up.”
"I agree," Shard said.
"I'd have to talk to the tribal council. We could leave that spot alone. We could get the state to probe for more bodies. If it's a burial ground, we won't build over it. Even if he wasn't Mohawk."
"So, your short answer is that under some circumstances you would go ahead with the casino." He thought the Kaiser would like this.
"Right.”
"Let me ask you another question that has puzzled me. We checked the Opydyke farm sale's papers and discovered that some guy by the name of R. E. Lee bought the land through George Witry. Do you know Lee?"
"No.”
“Hypothetically, if you want to build there, why didn't you just buy the farm from Opydyke?"
"That'd be stupid, even though all this land still belongs to us. You people stole it from us. The sellers would raise their prices."
"So, you use a third party?" 
"Sure."
"The United Land Company?"
"How did you find out? We kept that quiet.”
“The surveyors out there told me they were working for the ULC."
"I'd appreciate it if you’d keep that quiet," Littlejohn said. "If you blow our cover, it’ll cost us lots of money. We have to buy from them, and if their costs go up, we have to pay them.” 
"I haven’t any reason to release such information unless it becomes pertinent to a case. I'll stay mum. Which reminds me, did Samuel Landry work for you?"
"The dead guy? Never heard of him until I saw him in the Sun-Times." 
"How about George Witry?"
"We never had anything to do with him. We have our own lawyers, all Mohawks. Some are pretty sharp too, Ivy League degrees and all. I don't much like George. He’s tied in with that Charbeneau crowd, and they're pretty much no-goods. I don’t want to see us messed up with them. If you get my drift."
“I do, and thanks. Who is the attractive woman?” Shard said.
“Niece. Tami Nickleforth.”
“Nice,” Shard said.
Monday Morning
Mrs. Waters answered on the second ring. “Just a minute please. I have to get Emma off the changing table. I can't leave her alone. She just finished nursing."
When she returned with a dry Emma, Shard asked, "Do you remember what color that big car you saw on the Thruway was?"
"No, it was dark behind the station. Dark comes early this time of year, you know. Besides, I was too scared to notice its color. It was all one color though, not a two-tone, or whatever they call it. For sure it was big, much bigger than my Volvo."
"Could it have been black?" 
"No, not black. That's too dark."
"How about green or maroon?" Shard was prepared to scan the entire color spectrum.
"It could'a been. They're not as dark as black. But I don't remember."
"How about red?" 
"Oh, sure, maybe red, green, or maroon or something. It wasn't white, I know that."
"So, it could have been red, green, or maroon?"
"I guess so."
"Do you have any idea of what kind of car it was?" 
"I know it wasn't a Volvo. That's what we have. We bought it because of Emma. I read it was the safest car on the road and told my husband we had to have one now that we had Emma. I just hope the claims are true. Emma is such a precious little girl, I'd hate to see her get hurt."
"I can assure you that they are as good as advertised. Very safe. I’ve never seen anyone hurt in a Volvo."
"Oh, do you have one?" 
"No," said Shard. He felt as if he'd been trumped.
"One more question, please. Do you remember anything else about the two men you saw?"
"One was the biggest man I've ever seen, and both looked angry. And the third guy, the one the big guy hit, looked scared to death. They frightened me. I was alone with Emma, you know, and she was nursing. I had to protect her."
"I understand, Mrs. Waters. You have my number, and if you remember anything else that happened that night, please call me. And I hope Emma's doing well."
"Oh, she’s a wonderful eater and so cute."
Shard stared at the opposite wall and wondered why his witnesses were of two kinds, either a mental deficient or a distracted nursing mother with a fixation on her daughter's intake. Maybe we're all fixated on something, he thought, my Morgan in the summertime with the top folded back, for example. In his dreams it always ran. That reminded him that he ought to start it today. 
Monday Morning, later
It took only ten minutes for the Smytheville lawyer, Chief Perkins, and Johnsen to open Landry’s safe deposit box. Johnsen had hoped that the process would take all day so he could explain to Shard that he didn’t have time to talk to Candyce. He walked as slowly as possible from the bank to the beauty parlour and wished that he smoked so that he could stand on the sidewalk like Shard and postpone the interview as long as possible.
He was barely in the door before Misty, massaging bright red goop into a woman’s hair at the front station, greeted him enthusiastically. Too enthusiastically, he thought. “It’s so wonderful to see you again, Detective Johnsen. Come on in and make our day.”
“Thanks,” Johnsen said. “But I’m here to talk to Candyce again.”
A voice boomed out from the back of the shop, “I’m back here Detective. I just called you. Boy, like, it didn’t take you long to get here.”
Johnsen walked past a half a dozen beauticians creating bizarre designs on women’s heads to the last station where Candyce sat in her chair reading, if that was the word, a magazine Johnsen could see was filled only with pictures of the latest in hair styles. Much as he tried, he couldn’t help but notice that Candyce was seriously overflowing her blouse again. He struggled to avert his eyes.
“I’m in town on another matter and wanted to stop to ask you a question,” he said.
“Yeah? About what?”
“About your gold bracelet. The one that Landry gave you.”
“What gold bracelet?”
“The expensive one he bought you. We found a receipt for it in his house.” Johnsen said.
Candyce laid the magazine down and gave him the most perplexed, yet blank look he’d seen in a long time.
“He never gave me a bracelet,” she said. “He never gave me anything nice, except, like, a good time. If you know what I mean?”
“Are you sure? Maybe you forgot.”
“I wouldn’t forget a nice present like that. Misty come here and tell Detective Johnsen that Sam, like, never gave me presents.”
Misty walked up and said, “She’s right. Sam never gave her presents.”
It sounded rehearsed to Johnsen.
Misty still wore her red stained gloves, and when she raised her left hand to brush stray blonde hairs out of her eyes, Johnsen noticed that she was wearing what appeared to be a very nice gold bracelet. Candyce spotted it at the same time.
“Detective Johnsen thinks that Sam, like, gave me a bracelet like yours.”
“Nah, I don’t think so,” Misty said.
“That is a beautiful bracelet you have there, Misty,” Johnsen said. “Where’d you get it?” Candyce asked.
Misty was clearly unready for her question and assumed what Johnsen was beginning to think of as the beautician’s blank look. They must teach it in beauty school, he decided.
“Ah,” she finally said, “it was a gift from a friend.”
“A boy friend?” Candyce asked.
“Yes.”
“Which one?” Johnsen noticed that Candyce wouldn’t let go of the line of questioning. And Misty wouldn’t let go of the bracelet as if Candyce might rip it from her wrist.
“I don’t remember.”
Johnsen said to himself, “She’s lying.”
“I don’t believe you,” Candyce said with a caustic overtone in her voice. “Like, I’d never forget any guy who’d give me that. I don’t think you have either. Who was it?
Misty mumbled something that sounded to Johnsen like, “I forget.”
Candyce pulled herself out of her chair slowly, one vertebra at a time. She reminded Johnsen of a limbo dancer with gigantic breasts slithering upright after dancing under an impossibly low bar.
She walked up to Misty, so close that their breasts almost touched. “Sam gave that to you. Didn’t he? Didn’t he?” She almost screamed her final “Didn’t he?” 
Misty backed away several steps and mumbled “Yes.”
“You bitch!” Candyce yelled and threw herself at Misty.
“Oh, shit,” Johnsen said aloud, and moved to separate them.
In the two steps it took him to reach the brawl, his high school vice principal’s advice flitted through his mind. Never intervene in a girls’ fight, he had said; they are vicious, you’ll lose every time. Yet, he had enthusiastically waded into all the boys’ melees.
Johnsen hurled his six-foot five-inch frame and 250 pound bulk into the writhing women. He grabbed Candyce by the collar of her blouse and pulled her off Misty. He had a terrible fleeting thought that if he yanked her blouse off, he was in big trouble. He grabbed both their upper arms and restrained them, one on either side of him. He saw that Candyce had left a trail of four bloody parallel scratches down Misty’s left cheek.
Only then did Johnsen become aware of a dozen women in various states of dishabille screaming and running towards the door.
Still holding the two, he told Misty, “Don’t move. You either, Candyce. Now, let’s work this out.” He felt as if he had two tigers by the arms, and if he let go of them, they would turn and devour him.
Candyce, her ample bosom heaving up and down, hissed, “What did you do to get that? I did everything he wanted, like, everything, and I didn’t get one. You slut!”
“Don’t call me a slut, you whore. He loved me. He didn’t love you! You’re nothing but a pair of tits! He said that. He said he wasn’t going to date you anymore. He liked me better!”
“You’re jealous. I grew my own,” Candyce said. “You had to get, like, a doctor to make those pathetic things.”
“Okay, okay, shut up, the two of you,” Johnsen said, without releasing his hold on them. “Misty, when did Landry give you that bracelet?”
“He bought it for me when he took me up to the 1000 Islands for a weekend last summer. We had a great time.”
“You liar,” Candyce barked. “He never took you up there. Like, he didn’t have any money. He couldn’t even, like, take me to Disney World until he made his killing. He couldn’t never afford that bracelet. His big deal wasn’t done yet. He wouldn’t take trash like you anywhere.”
“Who’s trash?” Misty spat.
“Shut up!” Johnsen called over her head. The two hushed. Johnsen looked around. The customers and beauticians were all outside on the sidewalk with their faces glued to the plate glass window looking inside. This was probably the best show Smytheville had ever seen, Johnsen thought. Almost as exciting as some of the sagas. He felt like he was onstage in a play or a saga that had no scripted ending. It left him a bit uneasy.
“Did Landry give you other gifts?” Johnsen asked Misty.
“Oh, yeah. Sam bought me a ring with a red stone in it, really pretty, and some sexy lingerie. He loved to see me wear it. I don’t have it on or I’d show you.”
“You’d look like a fat, flat chested cow in lingerie,” Candyce snarled.
Johnsen had to remember that metaphor for Shard.
“Okay. Okay, girls,” he said. “You ought to be mad at Landry, not each other. He’s the one who two-timed you guys.”
“I’ll kill the little bitch,” Candyce growled. “I’ll kill her.”
“No, you won’t,” Johnsen said. “You’ll shake hands and make up and I’ll let you get back to all those paying customers outside. Okay?”
“I’ll kill her!” Candyce repeated.
Johnsen let go of them and strode purposefully out the door.

CHAPTER 7: MONEY
Monday Noonish
Johnsen interrupted Shard’s musings, "I’m back from Smytheville and still in one piece –- just barely. Do you want to hear what was in Landry’s safe deposit box first, or would you rather have me relate the outcome of the first Perky Parlour War?”
“As intrigued as I am by beauty parlour gossip, I’m more interested in Landry’s safe deposit box.”
 “Guess what we found in it?"
"Surprise me." 
"This will. The box was empty, except for one thing. He didn't keep the usual stuff in his box: deed, will, old coins, paper money, all that stuff. Not even any jewelry."
"Will you get on with it?" 
"He left a note." 
Shard jerked upright. "A note? What did it say? Come on, out with it."
"You got it all wrong, Boss. It wasn't that kind of note. It was a note for the money he had borrowed. Are you ready for this?"
"I've been ready for the last ten minutes Johnsen. Just tell me."
"He was in hock for $100,000."
"Whoa, this guy didn't do anything by halves. I wonder what he used for collateral, his house?"
"I don't know, but I know who lent him the money."
Shard waited. "Do you think you could tell me?” Johnsen loved this game when he had interesting information.
"First National Bank of Albany." 
Shard's mind roamed through the bits and pieces he had collected in the last nine days and came to an abrupt halt in Witry's office.
"That's the same bank that R.E. Lee drew his checks on to pay Witry. That has to be more than a coincidence. The same bank that's paying Witry to buy land in Mohawk County loans a large sum to Landry to do God knows what. Landry must have put up everything he owned as collateral for that kind of money."
"As far as the chief and I could tell, the note was a personal loan. It didn’t mention collateral. It was due in four months. He'd had it for a little over one. I can look up the exact date, but when he was killed, he still had plenty of time to pay. Why would anyone kill him before he repaid the debt? Reminds me of the story of Ivar the Boneless, when he left Dublin.”
"Yeah, yeah," Shard interrupted before the Boneless conquered half of England and with it Shard's train of thought.
"Let's think about this. Witry's buying land here using money from the same Albany bank, but buying it for Lee. At the same time Landry's borrowing money on his good name from that bank. Why a bank so far away? There are plenty of banks around here that can handle loans of that size. Is Witry using Landry's money to buy the land? If so, where does Lee fit into this? I wonder if he also borrowed money from the Albany bank? Good questions, huh? One thing is clear and that's if Landry really did have a big deal going, and it looks as if he did, then it had something to do with land speculation. But why speculate up here? Land values in Mohawk County are depressed right now, except of course for that damned casino. But nobody knows where that's going, except Johnny Littlejohn."
"He's someone we ought to talk to." 
"Funny you should say that. I saw him this morning, and he wouldn't tell me if the casino was going on the Opydyke farm. He did tell me that his casino corporation was buying its land through the United Land Company, which is buying acreage on the q.t. to keep land costs down. You don't think that Witry, Landry, and Lee were buying land on speculation hoping that the ULC would buy their lands for the casino? In which case, the three could raise their selling price and make some big money. But how would they know where the casino was going? Littlejohn has never heard of Landry or Lee. And I certainly never would’ve guessed that the casino corporation would be interested in the Opydyke farm. It's way the hell out in the middle of nowhere."
"We don't know that the ULC is buying the farm. All we know is it’s paying the surveying costs out there. But I agree. That would make it seem as if ULC planned to purchase the land," Johnsen said.
"And thereby make Lee a very nice chunk of money,” Shard said. "But how would Lee, an outsider, know that the ULC would have the slightest interest in that farm?"
“I have no idea,” Johnsen said.
"On another subject, I called Mrs. Waters this morning. She thought the car could have been either red or maroon. And Emma nursed well this morning."
"Good.” 
"I don't know if Mrs. Waters is congratulating the nurser or the nursee. I only wish she'd use the same intensity to focus on the car. By the way, she still sticks to the story that she saw two guys haul Landry back to the car and that one of them was the biggest man she's ever seen."
"He ought to be easy to find. Big men stand out. We know some Vikings were big. Eric the Red, for instance, had to have been well over six feet tall because he --"
"Served in the king's bodyguard. Everyone knows that, even us English types," Periwinkle said as she came in and cased the chairs. She had on slacks, so she decided to brave the wastebasket.
"What was in the box?" she asked.
Johnsen told her what he found. 
"That's interesting," she said. "Maybe we've been right all along. Landry was tied in with Witry and Lee in some sleazy land deal. But if that’s so, how did the three of them get together? As far as we know, they didn’t know each other. Landry and Witry lived in opposite ends of the county and Lee a hundred miles away. If we could find that connection, it would help us unravel this thing.”
"Good point, something to think about,” Shard said, " but what did my super sleuth come up with regarding Witry’s peregrinations on Sunday?" 
"Not much. He was in Schuylers on Sunday night. O'Reilly and a couple of the regulars noticed nothing unusual about him. O'Reilly thought he left about ten or ten thirty when the crowd thinned and swore Witry was as sober as the proverbial deacon."
"I've never seen him inebriated," Shard said. "He either drinks very little or holds it well."
"I lost him after that. I assume he went straight home. It was a lousy night, so I doubt he took a long walk for fresh air. And for your edification, I did run into Luke down the street and bought him and his friend a couple donuts. Luke didn't see Witry that night. He thought he was sleeping in the post office about then, but he hasn't much concept of time."
"That doesn't make sense. We know he was lying in the middle of the street at midnight," Johnsen said.
"It's possible he ducked into the post office every once in a while, to get warm. In any event, he claims he didn't see Witry Sunday night. So, Witry’s trail dead-ends at Schuylers’ front door. Sorry, Boss."
"That's okay. Odds are he just went home."
"By the way Boss, how'd your date with Ellen go Saturday? Sorry I was there when she showed up. I didn't know she was coming."
Johnsen's eyebrows shot up. She was at Shard's? 
Shard played to Johnsen's surprise.
"I'm glad you stopped by. How did you like the new scotch?"
"Very, very nice," Periwinkle said. She knew what Shard was doing.
"I thought so too. I have to tell you that Ellen said that you are very attractive young woman."
Periwinkle regretted she'd started the conversation. Johnsen would ask her about it the minute they left Shard's office. 
"Thanks. The next time I'll call before I drop in."
"That's all right," Shard said. "I enjoyed your visit. Along with the fire, you cheered the old place up."
The fire? Johnsen wondered.
"Now, we have some work to do folks." 
“Wait a minute,” Johnsen said. “I haven’t told you about the Perky Parlour War. I ought to get a hero’s medal for stopping it.”
“The what?” Periwinkle asked.
Johnsen gave them a complete, blow-by-blow, description.
“You should have heard what they called each other. Women are really vicious, much worse than men. Candyce even threatened to kill Misty.”
Periwinkle started to say something but decided against it.
“Have you ever heard of a fat, flat chested cow, Boss?” Johnsen asked. 
“Can’t say as I have,” Shard said. “But from what you say, it appears that Landry was not that broke. He must have used his child support money to entertain his girlfriends, or at least one of them, if Misty’s telling the truth. You think she was?”
“Yeah. She had the bracelet on, and Candyce obviously believed her, enough to scratch her face up,” Johnsen said.
“Maybe she knew that Landry was a two-faced liar, so Candyce would believe anything Misty claimed,” Shard said. “Well, we’ve learned something about Landry from all this, but let’s get back to the note he left in his box. Periwinkle, call Landry's ex to see if she knows about his note. If she does, find out what he intended to do with the $100,000. He borrowed it well after he bought Misty the bracelet, so we know he didn’t use it for that. I rather doubt the ex-wife knows anything, but it's worth a try. Ask if he often borrowed money. He got that money somewhere for the bracelet. It might be useful to ask if he gambled. If he did, we may be on the wrong track.”
"And Johnsen, I hate to make you do this again, but go see the ever-attractive Rosemarie to find out how much the Opydyke farm sold for. It would be interesting if it sold for exactly $100,000, wouldn't it? Although I don't know how we'd tie Landry to the sale even if it were for the exact amount he borrowed. His name's not on anything. And while you’re there, see if Landry owns any land up this way."
Shard went over to his file cabinet, pulled out the folder marked ‘P,’ and took out a Camel.
Johnsen and Periwinkle’s eyes asked why the ‘P’ file?
"To answer your unasked question, ‘P’ stands for ‘puff.’ Secondly, I'm going to have lunch because it's past my feeding hour and then see the Kaiser for the second time today to allay his fears about Native Americans, land sales, gamblers, murders, protesters, rampaging beauticians, and elections. I’ll promise him that you'll have the Landry case closed by evening and that you guys will let him take credit for it."
Monday Noon
Shard sat in Schuylers and thought about what he knew. A tenth of a million dollars was an awful lot of money for a bank to lend to a-down-at-the heels country lawyer. Well, maybe his heels were okay, but nothing else about his life seemed secure enough to take such a loan. Maybe Landry had a co-signer. I forgot to ask Johnsen. But who would co-sign for a guy whose house and life were in disrepair? 
Back at his office, he found Johnsen settled comfortably in his chair. "I had a great lunch," he said. "Rosemarie forgot to bring hers, so I took her to Patel's. She's wonderful."
"You're right about that, my boy, but remember she's very married and has kids. What did you find out?"
"For starters, Landry owns his Smytheville house and nothing else in the county. And our friend, Mr. Lee, paid $200,000 for the farm. A nice round number don't you think?"
“Too round. The place has about 100 acres, and that makes $2,000 an acre. That's a lot for acreage around here, don't you think? What’s exactly one-half of the purchase price?" 
Johnsen looked at him as if he'd lost his marbles. "$100,000." Then it sank in. "Ooooooh, I like that Boss. That’s a nice number."
"But it begs the question of where the other $100,000 came from. Want a guess?"
"Sure." 
"The same Albany bank that loaned Landry his money. All roads seem to lead to that bank." 
"But, Boss, let's be realistic. Banks don't murder people, especially when they are into them for six figures.”
Shard agreed. But he couldn't resist following this train of thought. "Do you think an eyewitness could pick the guilty bank out of a line up?”
"Maybe if the guilty banker dressed like a Viking. Did I ever tell you about the time Egil substituted in a Holmgang for a weaker man?"
"Yes, exactly thirteen times, thank you. And Egil didn't fight a bank."
Johnsen looked hurt, but Shard knew it was a front. Johnsen just wanted to irritate him. 
"How can we find out if Landry's money was one-half the purchase price and who put up the other half?"
"It seems simple to me, Boss." 
"Oh?"
"We follow the paper. Lee bought the place. It seems reasonable that he put up the other half or at least some serious money to have the farm put in his name."
"Give him a ring then and ask him, will you?" Shard said. "You may be right, but we can't find him. What if the ULC put up the other half? Or maybe provided Landry's half as well through the Albany bank? Maybe the ULC is the real owner of the farm and uses Lee as a front man. Hell, maybe the ULC owns the bank. I don't know."
"That takes us back to the point we made earlier. Has a land company ever killed anyone? What possible motive would it have to murder Landry if he was into it or its bank for that much money?" Johnsen asked.
"All my life I've heard of evil land companies knocking innocent people off. Haven't you ever watched a western in which a bunch of outsiders, all hard drinkers and gamblers, ride into town to buy up the poor widow's ranch, because they know it's the only spread around that has water? That's why we needed Hopalong Cassidy. Widows would have died of thirst all over the West if it hadn't been for Hoppy.”
"Hoppy?" Johnsen said. "Hoppy? I can't believe we're having this conversation. No, I never saw Hoppy or the widows, but if the widows were attractive enough, I might rent one of his movies."
Periwinkle appeared and saw she had lost out on a seat. To her surprise, Shard left his chair and sat down on the wastebasket. He didn't say a word, and Periwinkle slipped into the still warm visitor's chair.
“Well, Boss, I see why you gave me the job of dealing with Landry's ex,” Periwinkle said. “God is she a bear! It took me forever to get hold of her until finally I connected with her cell phone. Do you think that maybe Philadelphia has no cell phone towers? Or maybe its city council drops small aluminum rectangles from great heights all day to disrupt wireless conversations? I couldn't understand half of what she said, and the half I could, I didn't want to hear it. Boy, does she hate Landry."
"Let me guess," Shard said. "She didn't know about the loan and did some quick calculations that told her that her children were not likely to get a dime from Landry's estate. And then she worried whether she might in some way be responsible for the loan's repayment. Right?"
"On the spot, Boss, but you left out the venom and vitriol. Can that woman swear. Wow. Most of that language came through clearly."
"Did you find out anything at all other than what we expected?" 
"She'd never heard that Landry gambled, but wouldn't put anything past him. From there she segued into intimate descriptions of all Landry's women. My gut feeling is that he didn’t borrow the money to repay a gambling debt, if the ex is to be believed. I also asked if she or Landry had ever done business with the First National Bank of Albany."
"Good girl," Shard said. "Had they?"
"She's never heard of it and asked why they would go to Albany to bank when they had a perfectly good one in Smytheville. But she wasn't sure where Landry did his office banking. That gave her a perfect jumping off point to rant about how her honorable husband paid for his floozies.”
"I know that's not very helpful, Boss, but at one point she did say, and this is an exact quote, “If the bastard was still alive, I'd kill him!”
“Isn’t this the second threat to kill someone we’ve had today?” Shard asked. “At this rate, we’ll have a stack of bodies by week’s end.”
“Yeah. But his ex’s threat made me think; did she have any reason to kill him? Or is she mad because someone beat her to it?"
"I can't see what she gains from his death,” Shard said, "unless she thought he had money stashed. But even then, she had to figure he’d written her out of his will. I suppose she might have believed that she’d control the money Landry left her children, at least until they grew up. I don’t believe the old dictum that most murders are committed by somebody close to the victim holds in this case.”
"If she was close to Landry, I'd hate for anybody to get that close to me," Periwinkle said.
"Okay, that's settled," Shard said in one of his more off-the-wall pronouncements.
Johnsen and Periwinkle recognized that his mind was out of sync with his mouth. He was deep in thought. They had seen him mentally wander away before and settled down to wait for him to finish his peregrinations through the criminal realms.
Several minutes passed as Shard strummed his fingers on the side of the wastebasket.
"I know what I need," he said as he picked up a beer mug full of pencils on his desk. He turned it upside down spilling the pencils all over the desk and floor. Johnsen and Periwinkle noticed that he caught the Camel before it hit his desk. 
They waited patiently. Finally, Shard’s eyes focused on them, and he said, "Johnsen was right when he said we should trace the paper. Money is paper. Trace the money. It keeps going back to the Albany bank, Landry, and the United Land Company. And maybe Witry and Lee. We can't find Lee, can't get information about Witry's finances, and haven't a chance to bust into the bank's records. That leaves us with the land company. I bet it's a private company, but it still has to register with the state."
 “I want you guys to find everything you can on the United Land Company. Who owns it? When was it chartered? Who runs it? Where does it own land? Anything and everything, especially anything that has to do with Mohawk County and the casino. Red flag any mention of Landry, Witry, Lee, Littlejohn, the Kaiser and anyone else you've heard of. I know land companies only kill widows, but…” and Shard winked at Johnsen.
Periwinkle looked baffled. She wondered if Shard was all the way back into the room.
"But we're going to play Hoppy and save them and their water,” Shard continued. “We need this information yesterday. Periwinkle knows how to force her PC to talk western, and Johnsen, you know the paths and trails to the waterholes.”
Out of earshot, Periwinkle asked, "what was all that gibberish about? You seemed to make sense of it, which only means you're hanging on to your sanity by the slimmest thread too. Widows and waterholes and trails? Oh, and don't forget Hoppy, whoever he is. A rabbit?"
"You don't know who Hoppy is? I can't believe it. You must have misspent your childhood playing with Barbies. Everyone has seen Hopalong Cassidy."
"Even if they have, what does Mr. Cassidy have to do with the land company? I can almost understand water. I suppose trails are roads to the lands. Oh, the hell with it. Let's get fresh coffee, drink to Hoppy and his widows, and get to it before the Boss comes to and sends us out on more snowy trails.”
Monday Afternoon
Shard decided it was time to beard the Kaiser.
"It's my lucky day," Shard said to Hilda. "I get to see you twice. Is the Boss available?"
"He just got off the phone, and he has a political meeting in twenty-five minutes, so if you keep it short, you'll be all right."
The Kaiser was sitting behind his desk in the exact pose he’d held six hours earlier.
"Hi, Boss. I thought I'd bring you up to date on a few things." Shard skipped the weather report.
He told the Kaiser what he had learned. "I've put all this together, and I fear that you won’t like the way I see it right now." 
"Try me." 
"It all ties to the United Land Company which is buying land for the casino and the First National Bank of Albany which lent Landry his money. I think Landry put up one-half the cash for the farm out there that attracted the protesters and gave your finance chairman fits. What I need is to find out who put up the rest of the money. If I can put the two pieces together, I'll have a pretty good idea of who wanted Landry dead and why." 
The Kaiser shifted in his chair. "You’re right. I don’t like this a bit. Are you saying that the people who have promised to fund my campaign might be involved in Landry's murder?"
"Not exactly, Sir," Shard said, trying to leave a little wiggle room. "I think there might be a connection outside Leyden. I don't think Littlejohn or the Mohawks are involved. Why would they want Landry dead? I'm less certain about the land company and the Albany bank. I want to follow the money trail. There was evidence of an awful lot of it in Landry's safe deposit box. All I need to know is who put the other $100,000 in the Opydyke deal. Periwinkle and Johnsen are looking into the land company right now."
The Kaiser rearranged his bulk. Shard recognized that was a sign that he was trying to make up his mind about something.
"I can give you a piece of information that might be helpful. Last Saturday night, when it snowed as I predicted, we were out at the club where I chatted with Wilmer Ottinger, the banker. He told me in confidence -- that's why I'm not sure I should repeat it -- that George Witry was into him. That's what he said, “into him,” for exactly $100,000. Ottinger was nervous about getting repaid."
"Yeeeesss!" Shard said as he clenched his fist and gave the air a vicious uppercut. "You are a miracle worker, Sir. That's exactly what I needed to know."
"Ah, but you can't tell anyone I told you."
"Trust me, Sir, I won't," he said with all his digits crossed.
Monday Evening
Misty locked up the Perky Parlour after the last customer left and walked downtown past Landry’s office. She was tempted to stop in The Lounge for a few drinks but didn’t want the guys to see the scratches down her cheek. Even though she had slathered them with makeup, they still looked red and raw. Instead she started walking the few blocks to her apartment.
As she stepped off the curb in front of a small alley, she heard somebody say, “Psssst.”
A man, partially obscured in the late afternoon winter shadows, beckoned to her with his forefinger. She walked halfway down the alley before she recognized him.
“Oh, hi,” she said, with a lilt in her voice.
The man reached out, grabbed her wrist, and drove his fist into her stomach so hard she doubled over and exhaled all her breath with a surprisingly quiet “Ooommphh.”
Before she could straighten up, he slammed her so hard on the side of her head that she went tumbling to the ground, where she lay curled in the fetal position.
“You little two-bit piece of shit,” he hissed. “Candyce told me you screwed that asshole lawyer that got killed. She said he paid you with expensive gewgaws and took you on trips. You know what that makes you? A whore, that’s what. Trash. Crap. Scum. Dirt. Lower than my dogs.”
“You don’t understand,” Misty said breathlessly. “I just went for a weekend with him. Nothing happened. I love you, not him.”
“Lying sack of shit. You went with him for the weekend and did nothing? Bullshit! You never got out of bed. I bet he couldn’t stand up on Monday.”
“No,” she said weakly.
“Where did that shyster lawyer get the money to pay you off?”
“I don’t know.”
“Who killed him?”
“I don’t know.”
“Bullshit. I don’t believe you. What was he doing in Leyden?”
“I don’t know.”
“You liar! Between screwings he must’ve told you something about what he was doing. You know he could really fuck up my business. Who was he working with? Talk!”
“I didn’t ask about his work.”
“I bet. You were too busy screwing him.”
“No, I – “
 “You know the chances I took to see you? I could’a lost my job if they found out. I’d been done. They’d have thrown me out. Then, where would I go? I’d lose all that money, my big chance for a payoff. And what the hell were you doing? Spreading your legs for every scumbag in town. Jesus! I should’a known you were trash.”
“I’m not trash. I love you,” she said.
“Sure, you think I’m going to believe you? I don’t believe you don’t know what he was doing in Leyden. Well, I’ll tell you, I’m going to fix it so you won’t run around on anybody else. Nobody will want you. I can’t believe I ever did. God, I was an idiot.”
He picked up a discarded wine bottle that lay against the stone foundation of the adjacent building and held it in front of her face.
“Look at this, you bitch. I’m going to bust the bottle and cut your pretty face into shreds. You’ll be so ugly people will vomit. Nobody will want you ever again. If you tell anybody who did this, me and my buddies will come down here and cut the rest of your body into little pieces and kill you. Got that?”
Misty lay on the ground and the cold seemed to seep in through every pore in her skin. She was shivering, and every organ in her body seemed to churn. She was afraid she’d wet herself. The problem was she believed every word he said. She knew he could kill her, probably without a single regret. Her eyes expanded to the size of half-dollars as she tried to focus on him in the fading light. All her instincts shouted that she do something, anything, or she was going to die. Her natural impulse was to scream, but she realized if she did, he’d kill her in an instant. She saw that she couldn’t crawl under the dumpster, it was too low to the ground. The alley wasn’t very wide, and he and the dumpster blocked any escape. The back of the alley was a dead end, blocked by a building that fronted the street behind. The building did, however, have a metal service door. She thought that if she could somehow get to it and scream and pound on it, he might run away or maybe someone would open it before he had time to kill her.
She tried to buy a little time. “Please. I can explain Sam. It wasn’t what you think,” she said, as she struggled to get off the cold, snowy ground. She got up on her hands and knees and lifted her head to plead with him. At that moment he brought the bottle down hard on her forehead. She keeled over sideways and her head hit the asphalt with a hollow splat. Her body crumbled to the ground. She lay still.
Monday Evening
Shard was sorely tempted to return to his office but weakened and went to Schuylers to think with a scotch and a Camel. O'Reilly was lounging behind the bar.
"Glad to see you, Lieutenant. I bought you a new bottle of single malt this afternoon.”
"You are a good man indeed. What is it?"
“I’ve never heard of it, but you may have, Caperdonich. This little gem, according to my distributor," O'Reilly held the bottle up a safe distance from Shard's grasp, "is the Connoisseurs Choice. See, it says so right here."
"I see they left off the possessive. If the distillery can't handle the English language, can we trust it to make decent scotch?" Shard’s mouth watered.
O'Reilly slowly read the promo on the label. Shard was close to a drool.
"Exactly what I need, O'Reilly. I'll have four fingers plus any lagniappe you feel obliged to include. Oh yeah, with two ice cubes, please.”
The barkeep opened the bottle with amazing slowness and poured the amber liquid ever so carefully down the side of the glass. As if he were underwater, O’Reilly ambled over to get an ice cube.
If he doesn't speed this up, I'll kill him, Shard thought, and dump his body in Steubens Alley.
"Here you are, Lieutenant, and your daily Camel allowance as well. Even if you don't like it, you have to drink the whole bottle. I don't have many single malt drinkers in here, you know."
Shard carried his glass over to the moose head to massage his taste buds and think. The case pivoted on Albany, not Smytheville or Leyden. His instincts told him that. All he had to do was untangle the people and money from the “wurst” that included the Albany bank, the ULC, the casino corporation, Landry, Witry, Lee, and God only knew whom else. Somewhere in that knot was the thread that would lead him to Steubens Alley. He was close to it; he could sense it in his bones.
"Well, well, if it isn't the local fuzz, unwinding after a hard day's work chasing murderers," Witry said. "How’s my favorite detective doing on clearing up the heinous crime that besmirches the fair name of our town?"
Shard wondered if Witry had been in the bar for hours already. Nobody cold string that many gerunds together in two sentences, and he also sounded more offensive than usual. 
"Making progress, my legal-beagle. The pieces have begun to fit, and when we get that last one, we'll nail the guy." Shard never took his eyes off Witry, who sat in the chair opposite. "And if you had been truthful my friend, we'd have solved it much earlier." Shard saw that he had touched a nerve.
"I don't know what you mean. I've told you everything I know."
"Yeah, you’re an exemplary public citizen, Witry. You've told me only what I already knew and have gotten cagey whenever I asked you anything else. Say, for example, the details on Mr. Lee. Even a lawyer can see that your relationship with Lee, as you describe it anyway, lacks verisimilitude. There's either more or less to your business dealings with Lee, and mark my word, I’ll find out. But you could save the county a lot of money if you'd tell me now."
Witry's expression showed he wished that he were anywhere but in this conversation. "I’ve told you everything. You want to involve me in this murder, and that ain't going to work, deputy. I told you I don't know Lee, and I don't know Landry, and I don't know anything about the killing. What else can I say?"
"What would you say if I told you I have very strong circumstantial evidence that you did know Landry and that you were in a financial deal with him?" 
Witry's blanch was almost imperceptible, but Shard caught it. And the lawyer’s comeback was a little slow for him. 
"That's a crock, and you know it. Circumstantial means nothing in a court of law. The DA won't touch a case, especially against a member of the bar, based on that kind of evidence. There’s nothing to tie me to Landry, circumstantial or otherwise. You're pissing up the wrong tree." Witry's eyes darted to the bar desperate for anyone he could use as an excuse to bolt.
"In my experience," Shard said, "circumstantial evidence tends to become proof, harder than the ice on the town pool. That’s going to happen in this case, and when it does, we shall continue this friendly conversation."
Witry was well out of his chair by the time Shard finished his sentence. He didn't even fire a parting shot. As he strode away, he reminded Shard of how cats stomp when they are angry. I'm closing in on the little weasel, he thought.
Monday Evening
Periwinkle and Johnsen hunkered down in their office around Periwinkle's PC. Their office was smaller than Shard's, but it had two chairs. Their Remington-Rand Steelcase desks, colored the requisite institutional gray to add gaiety to the place, were pushed together face to face. Periwinkle hated the arrangement because she had the sneaky suspicion that Johnsen often stared at her through his eyelashes when he pretended to read something on his desk.
“We’re making progress,” he said.
 Periwinkle nodded. 
"That's what kept Bjarni going in a great North Atlantic storm. He believed he was making progress. He believed. And look what he found."
"I'll bet he didn't find out a damned thing about the United Land Company. He couldn't read or write. That's why he stood in a tubby little boat in the middle of the Atlantic and wondered if it were going to capsize and send him straight to Hel."
"You're learning, Periwinkle. Someday you’ll love these stories just as much as I do." 
"Look at this, my sea-water-sogged friend. Here are the ULC's incorporation papers, signed, and with the state's seal on them. Pretty, don't you think?"
"What's really pretty is that they give us the names of the guys behind the company. That's what the Boss wants. And their addresses.”
"Anthony Vito, Joseph Pipi, Alphonse Spinello. Notice they're all Italian," she said.
"Are all Italians named Tony or Joe?" Johnsen's breath brushed her left ear as he looked over her shoulder to read her computer screen.
"Alphonse isn't," she said.
"Yeah, I’ll bet he's Alphie. Not much better."
"This is interesting. Two of them give their business addresses, while Mr. Pipi, like Lee, lives in a post office box. There's a lot of that going around in this case."
"Vito owns a car wash, imaginatively named Vito's Car Wash. Spinello owns a restaurant, Little Italy. Did you ever hear of one called Big Italy? Greater Italy? Huge Italy?"
"Pay attention," Periwinkle said, as she printed off the page of names and addresses and scrolled a couple of pages further into the charter. "Look at this! The ULC capitalized at $750,000. That's not chickenfeed. Do they make that kind of money out of car washes, restaurants, and post office boxes?"
"Yeah, but did they pay that much in or did they just put down the first number that came to mind?"
"They're buying land. They have to have some capital."
“See if you can get copies of their business licenses for the car wash and restaurant."
"Easy. Here. Vita's Car Wash. Vita signed right there and his address is, good grief, Spinello's restaurant. Do these guys all live in a nest like wasps? Or is this the Italian version of incest? This is weird," Periwinkle said.
"Look at the bottom of the page. Vito doesn't hold the deed to his car wash. The 1st National Bank of Albany does. The bank washes cars and sends the money to Witry to pay for Lee's land purchases. The boss is going to love this. It can’t get much murkier."
"Check on Spinello's joint,” Johnsen said.  “Bet he lives in the car wash with Vito or the post office box with Pipi. How do these guys propagate if they're all living together in these little places?" 
"There are two restaurants called Little Italy in the county. Now, that’s strange. How do people tell them apart?"
"One is Little and the other is Littler Italy, I suppose. I can hear families ask, “Do you want to go to the small Italy or smaller Italy?” The wife replies, “I feel like a smaller boot tonight."
"Oh, shut up Johnsen and read this. I hate to say it, but you’re almost right. Spinello lives in the post box with Pipi, but more interesting, look at who holds his mortgage."
"Let me take a wild guess, not the 1st National Bank of Albany by chance?"
"Yup, the same people who loaned Landry $100,000 and sent money to Witry."
"You ought to check to see if the 1st National lives in the post box with Pipi and Spinello. That little bugger is getting crowded. Can you break into the state's records to see if anybody squeezed into that box has a police record?"
"That's so easy, even you could do it, if you moved away from my ear. Your breath tickles."
Johnsen was astute enough not to relate ear-breath to some obscure Norse deity's sexual proclivities. He moved millimeters away to make her happy. Any farther and he couldn't see the screen. Besides, he loved the smell of her hair. He was tempted to ask her what shampoo she used but thought better of it.
"Here’s Spinello. Oh, very nice. A wonderful upstanding citizen. Arrests for loan sharking, running numbers, and gambling. Four convictions, served time in Sing Sing, although not much. Evidently was a model prisoner."
"I hope Landry didn’t borrow money from him. He sounds seriously mobbed up. That's why he didn't spend much time in the joint. Those guys hire good lawyers and pay them well. They also have ways to collect their debts."
"They're not stupid enough to kill their debtors, Johnsen. What would they gain? Vito's record is coming up. Also arrests and convictions for loan sharking and gambling. No numbers. But Vito spread his net a little wider: breaking and entering, assault with a deadly weapon, and 2nd degree manslaughter. Also, a graduate of our spa at Sing Sing. Vito didn't serve much time either. If you read between the lines, it’s clear that he murdered somebody -- gently, it appears.”
Periwinkle’s fingers danced across the keyboard. "I can't find anything on Pipi of the post box. Nothing. Not even a speeding ticket. How did someone so clean get mixed up with these guys?"
"Is he the money man?" Johnsen asked. “Maybe he brought the cash into this. Spinello and Vito sound like second raters, not the types to have three-quarters of a million dollars to speculate in Mohawk County land.”
"I agree. Pipi doesn't seem cast from the same mold.”
Johnsen walked around the desks, and Periwinkle was happy to have her ear back. “What assets would you want your money man to have?"
"Money," she said.
"Besides that?"
"A law degree to get me out of jail."
"Right. See if Pipi has a law license."
Periwinkle came up with nothing. "Not a legal Pipi in the state. It's your turn."
"A CPA maybe, someone to keep or cook the books.”
Periwinkle repeated her digital manipulations. "Yup, a CPA, address listed as the same post box. Pipi hasn't raised his living standards working for the ULC."
"I wonder if he also works for our favorite bank? Wouldn't that be something? The boss will love this."
"The only thing I'd love at the moment is to fill my stomach. Did you notice it’s almost eleven o'clock? Girls cannot live on hot breath alone. I'm out of here. Are you done?"
"Since we are up to our necks in Italian culture, why don't we run out to Tony's Pizza and Spaghetti House and satisfy our cravings with delicacies from Greater Italy. It's a quiet place. He has red checkered tablecloths, you know." Johnsen wondered why he had added that.
Periwinkle accepted immediately. Johnsen suspected hunger had overridden her natural hesitancy to go out with him. 
They chose a table by the front window and ordered beers and the large vegetarian pizza Periwinkle preferred.
"You did a great job tonight,” Johnsen said. “The boss will be pleased, but I'm not sure what he's going to make of it."
"The whole case seems tightly wound," Periwinkle said. “It turns in on itself. What bothers me is that we’re pretty sure that the ULC is “connected,” as they say. We have the three guys behind it, we know it has some relationship with the casino company, but we don't understand how Landry, Witry, and Lee fit in. They aren’t even Italians. We have the parameters of the whole shebang. We just don't understand how it’s put together." 
"That's what the Kaiser pays Shard the big bucks to figure out," Johnsen said as he lifted his beer. "He has an uncanny ability to see the big picture and who fits where in it."
"The biggest question is where murder fits. If Landry worked with these guys, why kill him? Also, the odds are high that they loaned him the $100,000. And the killer must have known the murder would bring the cops down on him. Which brings us back to square one. Why leave the body in full view unless he wanted it found?” Periwinkle said.
They ordered another round of beers and stared out the window. 
"I know you won’t appreciate this, but your last question reminds me of a story my grandfather used to tell me."
Periwinkle's face fell. She was afraid the Viking hordes might show up before her food.
But the waitress appeared just as Johnsen was about to launch his knarr.
"Boy, that was good," Johnsen said after they had finished.
He looked into Periwinkle's eyes for a moment and said, "you are beautiful."
She was speechless.

CHAPTER 8: BRODIR OF MAN
Tuesday Morning
Then Brodir shouted,
“Let the word go round that Brodir has felled King Brian.”
(Njal’s Saga, Chpt. 157)
Shard pulled into his parking spot at exactly 8:07. Periwinkle and Johnsen were already in. He spotted a beer truck next-door and walked over and found O'Reilly.
"A bit early this morning aren't we, Lieutenant?" 
"You ordered me to drink the whole bottle of Caperdonich, and I figured I'd get an early start on it."
"Oh yeah, the old trick of sending an undercover guy to see if I sell liquor to the rummies before opening time. You're not in uniform, so you must be him."
"When did you ever see me in uniform? Will you sell a drink to a fellow in blue jeans and a black wool coat?"
"Nope."
"That's not why I came anyway. Do you have a folding chair I can borrow?"
O'Reilly's eyebrows slid up in surprise. "A folding chair? Yeah, we have some in storage we use for special events. Why do you want a chair?"
"I'm tired of sitting on my wastebasket. That little welt that runs around the bottom cuts into my bum something fierce. It makes me cranky for the rest of the day."
"I've got a suggestion. Why don't you get the sheriff to buy you another chair?"
"It's obvious you don't work for the county, O'Reilly. Do you know how much paperwork I'd have to fill out to get the damned thing? Then I'd have to put all the paper through Hilda Bluder. You know Hilda, right?"
"Everyone knows Hilda," the barkeep said.
"Only if I can convince her that the overturned wastebasket is cutting into my efficiency and that I do indeed have a perfectly circular indentation on my posterior will she give me permission to order another chair. In six months, I might get it. I need relief today.”
"In the interest of reducing crime, I'll loan you one."
"How long can I keep it?"
"Until you finish that bottle of Caperdonich."
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
“Right.”
Shard carried the brown, battered, folding chair over his head into his office as if he brought it in every morning. As he unfolded his chair, with “PROPERTY OF SCHUYLERS” stenciled in scratched letters across its back, he said "Good morning folks. It's gratifying to see you here so early. But it's bothersome that neither of you is doing a scintilla of work. While you idlers have been lounging around in my office, I've been out on the county's business. I have procured this fine article of comfort for our use as long as the newest scotch bottle next door isn't emptied, whatever that means. And all this at absolutely no expense to the county. Can you top that kiddies?"
The moment Shard finished his twaddle they spoke at once. "Wait 'til you hear what we have,” and they explained everything in minute detail. 
The information was so good that Shard almost forgot that Schuylers' chair was only marginally more comfortable than the wastebasket.
"What conclusions do you draw from this?" 
Periwinkle gave him an almost verbatim account of their conversation at Tony's, leaving out only Johnsen's bombshell observation, which still unsettled her. "But it still leaves the problem of why, if these guys killed Landry, they would leave his body where we would be sure to find it," she said.
"I was just about to tell her the story of Brodir of Man when our food arrived last night."
"Your food arrived? You went out to dinner and didn't invite me?" Shard asked, with his best attempt at a hound dog look. "I had to eat alone with 30 other people at Schuylers. Where did you go?"
"Tony's, Boss. We were talking about Italians and got hungry for Italian food," Periwinkle said. She realized how stupid that sounded.
"The dimly lit, romantic room, with red checkered tablecloths and candles in Chianti bottles? I just love that place." 
 Johnsen ignored him. "Brodir of Man, I think, holds the answer to Periwinkle's question."
Shard wondered if anything happened last night, but her glances at Johnsen revealed nothing. Shard had to admit to himself that he was a little jealous.
"What would Brodir say about it?" he asked.
"He was captured at the Battle of Clontarf -- that's in Ireland, you know -- just outside Dublin, on the east side, a little rise on an arm that juts into the Irish Sea."
"Come on, out with it." Shard feared he’d still be listening to Johnsen when O'Reilly came to reclaim his chair.
"You know that he had killed Brian Boru, the Irish king who was trying to expel the Vikings from Dublin.” Neither Periwinkle nor Shard said anything. They hoped to limit the story.
"Anyway, his captors slit Bodir's belly all the way down, and grabbed the end of his intestines, and made him walk around a tree as they ripped his intestines out until he died."
Periwinkle and Shard stared at him.
"Most edifying, especially so soon after breakfast. What's your point?" Shard asked.
"They did that for revenge, to warn anybody else who hoped to lead a revolt against the king. You remember the king that Brodir of Man fought for, don't you?"
Shard and Periwinkle answered quickly, "Oh yes."
It didn't help. "Sigtrygg Silk-Beard. Quite a man, did you know that he --"
"A nice point there, Johnsen," Shard said, "and you may be on to something." Periwinkle wasn’t so sure but held her counsel. After all, less than twelve hours ago, he had called her beautiful across that red-checkered tablecloth and flickering candle.
Shard sat for several minutes in contemplation. 
” I like your parallel,” Shard said. “If you and Brodir are right, who’re the modern equivalents of Silk-Beard and Brian Boru? Whose thrones are shaky? More important, who were they trying to warn? Ah, that’s the nub of this. Landry is Brodir of Man, with his intestines intact. Makes sense, Norseman."
Shard's eyes faded into that far-away look that they knew so well. Without a word he walked over to his hat rack, took down his umbrella, and unfolded it.
"You'll have seven years of bad..." Johnsen started until he saw the Camel drop out.
"Does that mean we have three kings? The number wouldn’t make much difference, I think. We can just count them as one, okay? So, that means that Landry was on their side. Our Italians are your Irish, then. We need to know Landry’s kinship with the ULC and these three kings. When we know that, we'll be a long way towards making sense of all the other characters at Clontarf."
He stopped and drummed his fingers on the windowsill. He had wandered out into his own private pastures, and it was best to let him find his own way back.
"The only way to do that is to ask these guys. My gut reaction is that we won’t get much out of them. But I don't see any other way." His eyes looked at them but his mind was a thousand miles away.
They waited for him to proclaim something, and he didn't disappoint. 
"I’m trying to decide which of these guys to approach. My instincts tell me that the CPA what's his name?"
"Joseph Pipi," Periwinkle said. 
"Pipi, yeah, that's it. He seems to be the brightest and therefore probably more adept at saying nothing. He’d be the Irish High King; therefore, I think he's not the best place to start."
"The car wash guy, the wet king," Shard continued.
"Tony Vito." 
"Yeah. But I can’t see myself talking to him in the middle of scrub brushes, soapy water, and jet-sprayed wax. A kind of sudsy conversation. I don't think that's a conducive environment to talk about murder." 
“The other guy, Alphonse Spinello, the king provisioner, might be the best bet. Restaurant owners usually come in about this time to set up for lunch. It ought to be quiet there. At least he won't be spraying cars."
Shard was still on a jaunt into the outback of his mind.
"In the meantime, we were going to get warrants to search Landry's papers more thoroughly. I put that off, but now we know what to look for. You two go to Smytheville, mit  warrant. See if the judge will let you copy everything related to the ULC and these Albany guys. I'll bet he'll give us that much. Ask the Kaiser to call the judge before you go over to the courthouse to make our request. Now, Skeedaddle."
Tuesday Morning, late
Shard got off Schuylers' chair and rubbed his nearly dead parts. He took out the folder marked “R” and slid out a Camel. R.J. Reynolds, he thought, easy to remember. 
He needed to see Spinello to watch his body language and look into his eyes. But he needed someone with jurisdiction and a gun to accompany him, and he knew just the man.
His former partner at the Albany State Police post, Peter Cooper, had been a great guy to work with, bright, energetic, and savvy. They had made sergeant together, and now he was a lieutenant too. Pete and his wife and Shard and Hope had enjoyed many good times, especially on their fall trips into the remote reaches of the Adirondacks. And Cooper had a good sense of humor. He had to because everyone called him Copper after a clerk misspelled his name in a memo, he had posted on the department's bulletin board. He became Peter Copper. Even the higher ups called him that.
After they exchanged a couple of preliminary insults, Shard explained his case’s Albany connections. Copper was familiar with Spinello, but not the other two. 
"I could use your help, Pete, with a couple of simple things. Will you ask around about these three guys? I need to know the local scuttlebutt, especially if they are mobbed up, as I suspect they are." 
Shard almost asked Copper to find out what kind of cars they owned but realized he should’ve done that himself. Damn, he thought, as he scribbled “licenses” down on a scrap of paper.
"The last thing I need to know, Pete, is who does these guys’ dirty work? A list of their goons. Remember how we used to laugh about ‘A Ship of Goons’?”
Pete chuckled, "Yeah, you and your literary allusions. Still at it out there in the sticks?"
"Sure, but my audience is more appreciative."
"Still smoking?"
He and Pete had tried to quit innumerable times, and Shard didn't know whether Copper had succeeded. "Sorta, Pete."
"In other words, you haven't quit? Huh?"
"Not quite. And you."
"Haven't touched one in four months, and I can hardly live with myself or Charity. I'm miserable."
"I know the feeling, Pete. But listen, I wouldn't ask you to do this without the promise of a reward."
"Yeah, sure. You'll send me a pack of Camels and a used Zippo."
"Nope. How about a dinner at one of Albany's finest establishments? You can't beat that, huh?"
"Oh sweet. You want me to back you up when you corner the mobsters in their own store. Then you'll make me order from the kiddie menu to save a few bucks for your cash-strapped department out there in the boonies."
"Bull’s eye, my friend. I want to talk to Spinello, and I need a local gun. What do ya   say Copper?"
"When?"
"How about this evening, about seven?"
"You're still in a hurry, aren't you?"
"Bring Charity. I'll pay for her dinner too." 
Hope and Charity used to joke that they needed to find a girl friend named Faith. What cop, especially a Catholic one, could arrest Faith, Hope, and Charity. For anything. 
"Charity's at a Heart Association dinner tonight. They're raising funds for cops without hearts or something. So, I have a choice between eating something that’s been frozen since the Korean War or from the kiddie menu while I cover you in a mob joint. That'll take some thought. See you at seven."
Shard missed Copper. They made a great investigative team. With Hope and Charity, they were a fun foursome. He felt lonesome after he hung up.
It was a beautiful day, not a cloud in the sky, and the roads were dry, although there was snow everywhere else. A perfect Morgan day.
He called Shelly, who worked the switchboard downstairs. She was one of those girls in high school who always sat unnoticed in the middle of the class. Pear-shaped, she hovered on the periphery of the school’s social doings. She didn't go to college, but Shard recalled she had attended a secretarial school somewhere.
But she was a whiz at finding people. In a couple of minutes, she had the Little Italy, the right one, on the line, and he made his reservation. The guy assured him that Mr. Spinello was there every evening. 
Shard turned on his charm and asked her to trace vehicle ownership for the three men.
"That's easy," she said. “If you’ll come down to answer the phones for a few minutes, I'll do it now."
She had barely left the room when the phone rang. Shard was tempted to ignore it, but that wasn't part of their deal and he picked it up. An aged woman ordered Shard to come to her house –- “Right now. Not a minute to spare." 
Oh God, Shard thought. What have I gotten into?
"What's your problem ma'am?" 
"I'm going to die, right here on the phone, if you don't come to my house right now."
"Is someone trying to kill you?" The last thing he wanted was a dead old lady. With my luck, he thought, she's the Kaiser's biggest donor.
"You are!" she screamed.
"But ma'am, calm down. What’s your problem?"
"You are!" she said. "I need a man, a big man. Are you big?" Shard wondered if hormones still raged in women that old.
"Yes ma'am, I'm big. What can I do for you?" He feared he shouldn't have said it quite like that.
"You can come to my kitchen and open this bottle for me. If I don't get my noon heart medicine, I will die."
At that moment Shelly returned. Shard covered the mouthpiece and explained, "Oh, that Mrs. Tepton. She’s the widow down at the end of Conkling Street, right next to the canal basin. I always send someone by at noon to open her medicine and make sure she takes it. I forgot today. Give me the phone."
Shard grabbed the sheet she carried and whispered, "thanks, Shelly," as he left. He wondered how the Kaiser could possibly lose reelection when his deputies gave old ladies their medicine every day.
Tuesday Noon
On the way up to his office, he heard his stomach rumble and decided to kill three birds with one stone. He never questioned his unspoken clichés.
O'Reilly said, "Lieutenant, did you enjoy my chair all morning?”
Shard was tempted to throw him the international sign of displeasure but thought better of it this close to the Kaiser’s election. Instead, he rotated his index finger, pointed to the special of the day on the chalkboard, and motioned towards the UC tap. With the heavy work finished, he claimed his favorite table under the moose’s dewlap.
Alphonse Spinello owned a maroon Lincoln Towncar. Yes, Shard thought, a big dark car. Pipi owned three cars, one a tan BMW 700 Series. Vito had two cars, the biggest a green Cadillac. Oh great, two of the three kings owned big, dark automobiles. The information was still useful, however. Luke might not know his cars, but he could tell big and dark, maybe red.... or maroon? Shard wondered how maroon?
Tuesday Afternoon and Evening
Shard left word with Hilda that he'd be out of the office the rest of the day, and so were Johnsen and Periwinkle. When she asked how the Kaiser could get hold of him, he admitted he couldn't. It was Hilda's not-so subtle reminder that he ought to take his cell phone. He hated the damned thing.
He went home and pulled the tarp off his car. Morgan had not changed its styling in over a half a century, and Shard knew why. They got it right with this beauty. He jackknifed his lank frame into it, tromped on the accelerator a half a dozen times, pulled the choke knob out almost to the back window, and turned the key. It started. This was the car that wouldn’t start after Leyden's Fourth of July parade. It was as quirky as the Englishmen who had built it by hand.
On the back roads the car's little four-banger thumped along, cold air streamed in through the gaps in the side-curtains, the heater wheezed valiantly to keep the inside temperature above freezing, and a rock-hard suspension jiggled every organ in Shard's aging body. The perfect life, he thought.
Shard reached Albany's outskirts a couple of hours early. He headed north and pulled into the Iroquois’ parking lot at exactly five o'clock. 
Although the happy-hour crowd hadn't arrived, Ruth was frozen in the classic bartender’s pose, holding a glass up to the light to see if it was free of smudges. Shard wondered if someone taught that in barkeep school.
"Hello beautiful.”
She didn't even turn around. "I knew it was you. No car on earth sounds like that thing you drive. Why don't you ask for a raise and get a real car? One that’s grown up. Or buy some growth hormones for that thing. It looks like a kid's pedal car. Remember those? I had one and loved it. You want something, don't you?"
"Only to look at you, dear Ruth. You are worth the two-hour drive."
"Go away."
"No, I have to be in Albany at seven and thought I'd come over early to make sure you are okay. And to see if your taps still worked. Utica Club tastes better out of yours than anyone else's."
"That mean you want one?"
"Well, it's three minutes past quitting time. And I'd love to have --"
"Just one," Ruth said. She rang her cash register and lifted out a Camel. 
"Right. While I have your attention, though, you have loads of relatives in Albany. Do you know a guy named Joseph Pipi?"
Ruth cocked her head, "I thought I knew every Italian family in the area. Never heard of anyone named Pipi. Or maybe that's only part of his name. You lose a bunch of vowels?"
"No, I think that's the entire offering. How about Anthony Vito?"
"The place is lousy with Vitos, and half of them are named Tony. Which Tony?"
"The car wash Tony."
"Oh yeah. He was once arrested for hooking his car wash up to the fire hydrant in front of his place so that he didn't have to pay for his water. Did this for years. Hell, everybody could see the hose snaking out of the car wash to the hydrant. Nobody touched him because he had friends. Know what I mean? Cops finally busted him. To answer your question, though, I don't know him personally, but I loved his scam. Wish I could tap into some brewery pipes."
"Okay, one last one, Alphonse Spinello.”
"Alphie, of course. Everyone knows him. He runs the Little Italy, the other one. Good guy but be careful. He’s really connected. His place is a mob hangout. But he's the nicest guy you'd ever want to meet. A soft touch for anybody in the neighborhood who's down on his luck. Always good for a twenty. You know the type? Why are you chasing these guys? Have something against my ethnic heritage or something?"
Shard assumed his best come-hither look. "Just the opposite. I'm most attracted to your heritage and everything else about you. It's just that we have a murder case, and these guys' names popped up. I need to check them out."
Scarpelli rubbed the glasses, watching Shard over her towel. "A word of warning, be careful. Thugs always accompany the two I know anything about. I'd hate to lose a faithful customer who comes in here twice a year and buys one draft each time. I depend on you to pay my overhead."
"It’s wonderful to be loved. But I'll tell you what, I'll take one more of these little things you have in your cash drawer."
Scarpelli took about a week to reach her cash register. Shard gave her a broad wink when she pulled out another Camel. 
"I've got a hot date tonight, so I can't stay long." 
"You have a date? That's one I got to see. Tell me about her."
"Well, for starters her name is Peter and he --"
"My God you've gone gay on me. One woman stomps on your heart, and you go for a Peter? I'd have never believed it." 
"I'm the sensitive type. I can't stand the thought of going through that again. Guys don't do that kind of stuff."
"Yeah, sure." 
"I'm out of here.”
"Take care." 
Tuesday Evening
Shard arrived at the correct Little Italy five minutes before his date. His heart sank when he realized it had valet parking. He didn't want to trust his jewel to some kid with a lead foot. He also hadn't expected a place quite so tony. Hilda was going to kill him when he turned in his bill.
He wasn’t reassured when five kids dashed towards him, shoving each other out of the way for a chance to hot rod a sports car. The biggest kid, the one with eruptions all over his face, won and practically wrenched Shard’s door off its wooden frame.
"What's this, mister?" 
"A Morgan." 
"A what?"
"Morgan," Shard said louder, "A Morgan. It’s English, and old, and fragile. If you put a scratch on it, I'll dismember you."
"No, Sir, I'll be real careful," Pimples said. To be sure, Shard pressed some insurance money in his hand. 
Little Italy was like Tony's Pizza with an expensive redo, Shard thought when he walked in. It had more junk, more color, more waiters, more people, more noise, and more music, more smoke, more of everything, and it was all red. Shard had never seen such a red restaurant.
Copper was already there, sitting against the wall at a table for two. He stood up and said, "I know what you're thinking. Four months off cigarettes and I've gained twenty pounds. How are you? You haven't gained an ounce, my friend."
"I'm fine, doing well in Indian country. A pretty good life, all things considered." 
They caught up on their lives and passed a pleasant hour and a half with a bottle of excellent wine and an exceptionally good dinner. 
"We have to talk with the il Duce here. You play my muscle, and I'll talk. Spinello should understand that arrangement.” 
Shard passed their waiter a ten-dollar bill with his request for a few minutes of Mr. Spinello's valuable time. He returned quickly and took them down a hall past a large room filled with men, all of who seemed to be shouting in Italian at the same time. Shard guessed they were the guys Ruth had warned him about. 
Spinello was, Shard noted, a big small man. Not much over five foot five, he had a more than ample waist that advertised the quality of his cuisine. His perfectly round face was topped with a monk's tonsure. In any other setting, Shard thought, he'd be mistaken for a kindly parish priest dispensing a warm brand of comfort and hope.
Shard made the introductions, and Spinello looked them over carefully.
 "A bit far afield, aren't you, Lieutenant Shard?"
"Yes and no." 
"What can I do for you?"
"First, accept our congratulations for a fine meal, one of the best I've had in years," Shard said.
"Thanks, we try to please."
"The reason we are here, Mr. Spinello, is that I have a murder case in Leyden that has strings that lead to Albany. That's why I asked my former partner to come along on this visit."
"Besides, you have no jurisdiction here, Lieutenant."
"True enough. And we'll try not to take up too much of your time, Sir." 
Shard continued, "My case involves the United Land Company property purchases in Mohawk County. I understand you are a partner in the ULC."
"Yeah." Spinello suddenly became wary. Copper noticed it too and shifted nervously in his chair.
"Our information indicates that the murder victim may have had a professional relationship with you, Mr. Pipi, and Mr. Vito."
“I don't know nothing about that. I've never been to Leyden," Spinello said.
Shard ignored the non sequitur. "Let me be more specific. The murdered man was Samuel Landry. Does the name ring a bell?"
Pause. This guy was either very careful or very dense.
"Is he a lawyer?" Spinello asked.
“He was. How’d you know?”
"I know him, or I guess, knew him."
"Did he work for you or the ULC?"
"I think I need my lawyer here."
"You have every right to have your lawyer present, Mr. Spinello," Copper broke in. "We'd be happy to talk to the two of you whenever convenient."
Shard didn't want to make another trip to Albany. "How about just giving us the gist of your answer? If I need details, I'll get in touch with you and your lawyer. How's that?"
Spinello paused so long Shard was afraid that he had lost him. "Okay, it was like this. About six months ago Landry called Mr. Pipi." Do they call each other “Mr.” all the time? Shard wondered. 
"And suggested that he could help us buy land over your way. Said he knew the market there and had contacts all over Mohawk County. You know it's good to have people who know the ropes and where the corpses are buried."
Given a week Shard couldn't have untangled that construction.
"Mr. Pipi was busy and sent Landry to me. Nice guy, seemed to know his stuff, a mouthpiece. So, we cut a deal. He’d front for us and keep his mouth shut. He'd suggest land to buy, stuff the Indians might want for their casino, and he'd buy it for us. Nobody’d know nothing, and land prices wouldn’t go up. We could make good bucks.”
"Why did Landry approach you guys? Did you know him?"
"Nah. He worked for some law office in Utica that had done some work for Mr. Pipi’s uncle, and I guess he figured out that Mr. Pipi was the nephew, or something, and wanted to buy land. I never asked him."
Lousy answer, Shard thought.
"So, you put Landry on your payroll?"
"Nah, we’re not stupid. He worked on commission. That way if he didn't work out, it wouldn’t cost us nothing. But you say he's dead? Shit, that means we got to find someone else out there to do our work. Any suggestions?"
Shard noticed he didn't ask how Landry died. 
"It would be awkward for me to suggest anyone to you, but there are good lawyers in Leyden. Let me ask you a couple of more questions. Do you have a contract with the casino company to sell your land to it?"
“That’s none of your business. Talk to my lawyer."
"Okay. Let me ask you something else. Did you loan Landry a lot of money?"
"You got to be kidding. He was supposed to make money for us. I wouldn't loan the guy a thin dime. I didn't know him. He wasn't from around here.” Meaning, Shard thought, he wasn't one of the boys across the hall.
"Just a couple more questions Mr. Spinello." Shard emphasized “Mr.” It seemed to be the magic word around the ULC." Do you know a R.E. Lee? His first name might be Robert or Robin or something. We think he's from Albany."
"Never heard of him."
"How about George Witry?”
"Nah, wimpy sounding name."
"Just one last question. Where were you on Sunday night, the one before last?"
Shard felt the tension rise in the room. He bet every short hair on Spinelli’s neck was standing straight up. 
"Why do ya want to know?"
"Normal procedure. We do it with everyone we talk to," Shard tried to sound complacent.
Spinello didn’t buy it. "I don't have to answer that, you know. I can't be a suspect in no murder out there in the middle of nowhere. I told you, I've never been there. But I have an alibi, so it won't hurt none to tell you. Sunday a week. Right? I was right here at the Little Italy all night having dinner and drinks with Mr. Pipi and Mr. Vito. Ask them. Stayed until we closed at one o'clock. It was a miserable night, wasn't it?"
"It sure was, especially for Mr. Landry." 
Tuesday Night
Shard and Copper walked out into the cold, clear night.
"I'll give you a ring in the morning to let you know what we find," Copper said, as Pimples almost knocked them down running to retrieve Shard’s car.
Copper's unmarked state car was delivered first. Pimples took longer. Maybe it didn't start, Shard worried. Then he heard the distinctive cacophony of his four cylinders, and Pimples came roaring and bucking up the slight hill to the front of the restaurant.
"This is an awesome car, mister," Pimples said. "It's way cool." Shard slipped him another tip for bringing the car back in one piece. “Were you working here Sunday a week ago?"
Pimples scrunched up his eyes, and Shard could almost hear his mental gears crunch. 
"Really cold, windy, kinda snowy night that was?"
"Yup, that's the one."
"Yeah, I froze my ass off out here."
"Did you get Mr. Spinello's car for him sometime during the evening?"
"I always get Mr. Spinello's car for him. He tips real good."
"Did you bring it around for him that night?" 
"You mean his Towncar?"
"Yes."
"Yeah, I did."
"What time was that?" This is like pulling goats’ teeth, Shard thought.
"I don't know, sometime before dark. It was ass-biting cold. I remember that. His car has leather seats, damn."
"And Mr. Spinello left then?"
"Nah, he didn't take the car, Tiny did."
"Who's Tiny?" 
"He works for Mr. Spinello. Does odd jobs and stuff. He used to park cars, but he's got a better job now. That's what I want before I freeze to death out here."
"When did Tiny come back?"
"He didn't, not while I was here."
"What time did you get off?"
"A little after one. I got to bring everybody's car before I can leave."
"Thanks kid. I'll put in a good word for you with Mr. Spinello," Shard said as he pulled out of the driveway with a self-satisfied grin.
Tuesday Afternoon
Johnsen and Periwinkle drove in silence for miles before he said,
“We haven't had a chance to talk. What did you think of Shard's house the other night? I've only been inside once, but I remember it is quite nice."
Periwinkle sensed a minefield here. "On an impulse I stopped to tell him what Luke had told me. I didn't know he had a date, but I don’t think he was trying to hustle me out because Ellen was coming.” 
Her words hung for a few ticks of the odometer before Johnsen said, "May I ask you a personal question?"
Oh, Oh, thought Periwinkle. "Sure, go ahead, I don't have to answer it."
"True. I was surprised the other day when you told us you had a relationship, is that the word, with a Harley-Davidson guy? I don't see you as that type."
"I'm not, and I don't know how to answer your question. Why are any of us attracted to the people we are? I don't know. I suppose it has something to do with our needs at the moment, our age, our hormones, our something. I was a college senior and didn’t have the slightest idea where I was going. I needed some stability in my life then, and Roger and his Harley provided that. The bike was fun. I liked the wind blowing my hair."
"Yeah, and the bugs in your teeth." 
 “He wasn't your typical, heavy-bellied, Harley guy with tattoos. He was a buttoned-down kind of guy, even in his leathers. He majored in chemical engineering. Best looking chemical engineer I've ever seen."
"Did he smell funny? All those guys do, you know." 
"His biggest fault was that he wasn't very worldly, hadn't an idea of what was happening outside his lab or off his bike. He was a hunk, but not a very interesting one. He was in the National Guard and was sent to Iraq. When he got back, we were different people. We parted friends."
Johnsen wanted to find some way to see what she thought of him, but he couldn't come up with a subtle way to do it. 
"What do you think you’ll be doing ten years down the road?" he asked. He hoped maybe he'd be in her picture.
"In a perfect world, I guess, I'd have Shard's job and delegate crap like this to you. More realistically though, I think I'd be married to a kind, attractive man who can whip up a five-course dinner in thirty minutes from food in the pantry, have two kids, a girl seven and a boy four, and Ma Joad's little rose covered cottage. Answer your question?"
"I guess. Any leads on your kind cook?"
"No."
Johnsen wondered if he shouldn’t take cooking lessons.
They rode the rest of the way in a heavy silence. He wished he'd handled that better. The more he was around Periwinkle, the more he liked her. He wasn't going to meet a woman that solid and rooted in bars. And she was beautiful, but he couldn't figure out how to approach her. His saga stories certainly didn’t excite her.
They stepped into Landry’s office and came face to face with a woman who looked as if she were frozen in shock. She cleared her throat twice before she choked out, "You scared me. May I help you?"
Periwinkle recovered first. "You must be Harriet McCarthy."
"I am. Who are you?"
Johnsen and Periwinkle introduced themselves and showed her their court order.
"I came in this afternoon to tidy up some loose ends. I’ve been gone for over a week, and I'm behind in my bookkeeping and billing. Thought I'd finish them up today."
"We've been looking all over for you," Johnsen said. "Where’ve you been?” 
"Mac and I took a short vacation to get out of this cold. It gets harder on us every year. Last week we went down to Warm Springs, Georgia, to visit President Roosevelt's little cottage. Beautiful down there. I can understand why he loved it so. He died there, you know."
"But you didn't tell anyone you were going," Periwinkle said.
"Our kids are grown, and we don't have to report to them. We don't even have a dog any more, and he ate the goldfish before he died. We’re free."
"Your trip had nothing to do with Landry's murder?" Johnsen asked.
"He was alive and well when we left, at least I thought he was. When was he killed, exactly?" 
"Sunday a week, around midnight," Periwinkle said and followed with a sanitized version of the killing.
"You have no idea who did it?" 
"We have lots of ideas, but no proof," Periwinkle said.  “Do you know anyone who'd want to kill him?"
"Only his ex-wife, but I don't think she'd do it. She’d never get any more child support, and that's all she's interested in."
"We hear that Mr. Landry had a big deal, one that was sure to bring him lots of money. Do you know anything about it?" Johnsen asked.
"He was always in the middle of a big deal," Harriet said," and they all promised a windfall. I haven't felt a breeze yet. Years ago, I quit listening whenever he started to rattle on about his wonderful prospects."
"So, he had nothing going now?” Periwinkle asked.
"He had become interested in land lately. I'm not sure why though."
"Land. Where?" 
"Up around Leyden. He talked of buying plots here and there. I guessed he bought them for somebody else. Mr. Landry didn't have that kind of money. I kept his books."
"Do you know who his partners were?" 
"One was some fellow in Leyden. Mr. Landry had me send him e-mails once in a while. A lawyer. I forget his name.”
"It wouldn't be George Witry, would it?" Periwinkle asked.
"Yeah, that's who it was. He and this Mr. Witry bought land together. For speculation I guess."
"Where did Mr. Landry get the money?" Johnsen asked.
"I don't know. I assumed it was Mr. Witry's money, or somebody's. There was another man involved who lives in Albany. Mr. Landry went up there all the time to see him. He had a funny name, just initials."
"R.E. Lee?" Johnsen asked.
"That’s it, R.E. Lee." 
"Did you ever meet Mr. Lee?" 
" I never met either guy. I only knew about them because I sent notes to Mr. Witry. But I didn’t know what was going on, and I didn't care. Do you think he was killed for his land?" 
"We don't know, but it's the best lead we have," Periwinkle said. “In fact, it's the only one we have." 
“Do you still have your e-mails to Witry?"
"No. Mr. Landry looked over my shoulder while I sent them and made me delete them while he watched. They're all gone."
"Why didn't Mr. Landry send them himself? Couldn't he use a computer?"
"Oh, he could use the PC, but he hated it. Once in a while he used his, but I don't know whether he ever did for business. He had a secretive side to him, you know."
"What do you mean?" Periwinkle asked. 
"He carried on his business behind closed doors back there. He told me only what he wanted me to do. His handled his personal life the same way. I've heard he was a womanizer, but he never brought a hint of that nonsense in here. And he always paid my salary, even when he couldn’t make his child support payments. I know about them because his ex called all the time to yell at me, as if it was my fault. I don't like her very much, to tell the truth."
Johnsen and Periwinkle silently agreed.
"Would you let me use your computer to see if I can retrieve the Witry memos?” Periwinkle asked. “Our warrant covers all Mr. Landry's files, which would include those you deleted. I'll need your password though."
“It’s simple. ‘Red,’” she said, as she pulled on her coat and left.
Tuesday Afternoon
Johnsen started on Landry's file cabinets, and they worked in silence until Periwinkle burst out with, "Oh Yeah! Here they are. I knew that I could get to them given enough time."
"Chemical engineers are good for something, I suppose," Johnsen said over the top of a stack of files. "Why don't you just print them off, and we can look at them later."
"Right. You find anything?"
"Nothing worthwhile. The man didn't keep the most organized records. Shard would love this place; there are dozens of empty files in here. He could fill them all with Camels."
"Landry's notes to Witry are cryptic. Listen to this one: “Buy for Lee. I'll send money.”"
"That ties Lee, Witry, and Landry together for sure,” Johnsen said, “but we’ve already figured that out. But we don’t know the money trail."
"There’s about a dozen messages here."
"How many to Lee?" 
"None. Did Harriet say she sent any to Lee? I don't remember." 
"I can't remember either. I just assumed that if they went to one guy, they went to the other."
Over the printer’s hum, Johnsen said, "I've found something interesting, cleverly filed in the miscellaneous folder, the fattest one in here."
"Shard has a whole file drawer marked ‘letters.’ Landry’s system sounds more sophisticated,” Periwinkle said.
"The best thing about Shard's letter drawer is that it's so crammed he can't hide a Camel in it. But back to this hen scratching I found. Just a bunch of numbers, but it has Lee's and Witry's initials on it. Looks like something he was doodling around with. Take a look."
Johnsen passed Periwinkle a wrinkled sheet of yellow legal paper. Periwinkle read aloud:
$100,000L
$100,000W = REL
X100 = 200,000
400,000/2 -%-drivel=100,000+/-
Expansion poss. push
"Absolutely clear to me," Periwinkle said with a half-gassed smile. "We’ll have to test Shard with it. I was never very good at math. I know that none of your Nordic ancestors could count, unless it was the bodies of their victims. So, you can't have inherited any talent in that direction either."
"Ooooohhhh, that's mean." 
They finished their search and concluded that Landry had kept very little of interest, but his doodles looked promising.
"You know what's missing here?" Johnsen asked.
"The killer's name." 
"There’s not a scrap to or from Lee. He's mentioned in the e-mails, and I assume the REL on my sheet is him, but there is no evidence of any direct contact with him. I find that weird."
"I agree, but I'll wager that someday we'll know why."
"Sure, after you have your two kids and that wild rosebush. By then we won't care. Neither will the Kaiser. He'll have been voted out of office, and I’ll have tenure at Pic-N-Pay.”
They left and were surprised to see that it was almost dark.
 “How about dinner?" Johnsen asked. It had just slipped out.
She checked her watch, as if it held the answer, and said, "Okay."


CHAPTER 9: THE SCHEME
Wednesday Morning
Brodir was taken alive.
Ulf Hreda slit open his belly
And unwound his intestines from his stomach
By leading him round and round an oak tree…
(Njal’s Saga, Chpt. 157)
Shard arrived at the office early enough to claim his chair. But first he reached under his desk and felt along its frame until he found the Camel. 
He was sure that the ULC “Misters” were connected financially, and probably to the mob. The tidbit that Landry worked for “shady” clients in Utica supported his conclusion. And he bet Pipi’s uncle was one of those crooked birds. 
Shard liked to write his thoughts out in outline form. He picked up an unfiled letter, turned it over and wrote, “Landry + the ULC misters + someone? 1st National Bank of Albany + the casino corporation? + the Mohawk tribal leadership, read Johnny Littlejohn? + Witry????? + Lee???? and perhaps + somebody whose name we've only just heard, like Tiny's = Landry's death.” 
Shard’s high school math teacher's favorite dictum was “plug in your knowns and your answer has to come out. ‘Plug in! Plug in!’” he used to shout. In my case, Shard thought, I have too much to plug in and too few places to plug it into. 
He went over his conversation with Spinello. Shard bet Spinello and his partners' ties to Landry were stronger than the mobster had let on. It served his purpose to make Shard believe that Landry was peripheral to the land deal, to distance him from the murder. Shard tried to recollect if Spinello had let slip that he knew Landry was dead. If he did, Shard missed it.
Was Landry the “Misters” front man, as Spinello would have him believe? Shard made a note to think about that later.
Landry had to have been involved in the casino land purchases, even if Spinello refused to admit to a deal with the casino company. That arrangement would explain Brodir’s connection with the king. Landry, like Brodir, was an ally, a useful one. Somewhere in that mix the killer lurked.
That was his first conclusion. Shard’s second was that the Kaiser was about to get mixed up in this complication, and he had to warn him again.
Hilda wasn ‘t there, and she rarely left the Kaiser’s door unprotected. The scuttlebutt was that she had a bladder of cast iron. Shard guessed that the Kaiser must be out, and Hilda had taken the opportunity to slip away for relief.
But the Kaiser, as usual stuffed in his chair, motioned for Shard to come in. Shard talked through the connections that made him think the proffered campaign contribution might be tainted.
"Are you saying that I’d be taking the killer's money?" 
"I'm afraid so. I don't know who he is, but I'd bet a month's salary that he’s hooked up with the ULC and the casino people.”
"Is Witry in your sights? He's fronting the contribution for the casino people."
"Witry’s a possibility, although I can't believe that he would do it himself. He does have an alibi of sorts for Sunday night. That doesn't mean he couldn't find someone to do it for him. A call to Charbeneau might solve that difficulty. But I can't see any reason why he'd want Landry dead. And then there's this guy, Robert E. Lee, the invisible man. Lee’s from Albany -- or at least he banks there -- has used Witry's services here and pays him. He’s involved somehow, but we can't find him."
The Kaiser shifted in his chair.
"I don't like the smell of the guys behind the ULC,” Shard said. “Two have records for loan sharking, gambling and the like. Spinello claims that all three have an iron clad alibi for Sunday night. They ate dinner all night long in the Spinello's Little Italy and stayed there until it closed. I'll bet that within two nanoseconds after I left, Spinello was on the phone to his partners to remind them that they spent the whole evening eating pasta. But the valet parking kid, Pimples, told me that he brought Spinello's car around on the murder night, sometime before dark, and a guy named Tiny drove it off. He and the car didn't come back that night. Then how did Spinello get home? I’ve got to find Tiny. Still, Spinello might be telling the truth."
"Then I ought not take a dime from these folks until you have the killer locked up downstairs and maybe not even then. Is that what you’re saying?"
"I'm warning you that there is a possibility that the money may be dirty." 
"My guess is that it's going to fall out something like this," the Kaiser said. "The casino corporation or the tribe, and they may be one and the same, was not going to make the contribution until they had bought their land. To be honest, I don't think I would have accepted it any earlier because I didn’t want it to look like I was doing them any favors. So, we have some wriggle time here, without losing the contribution if it's clean. It may be simpler than I first thought."
The Kaiser shifted his hands on his belly. 
"All you guys have to do is solve the murder, tell me that the money is clean and comes without strings, and I will be a happy boss. What say?"
"Great idea, Sir. I wish I had thought of that. I'll get on it right now.”
Hilda was still gone. Shard wondered if she had died, been kidnapped, or was being held hostage. Her absence was a sure sign that something so important had happened it had tilted the earth on its axis.
Wednesday Morning
Shard found Periwinkle and Johnsen already in his office. As he eased on to Schuylers’ chair, he said, "If I have to endure this torture rack, you guys had better make it worth my pain."
"You're going to love us, Boss," Johnsen said. “We’ve got the goods, all of them, and Landry's secretary as well."
"Wonderful. Now I can get back to doing what I love best, filling out the two weeks of paperwork there on my desk. What did you find?"
When Periwinkle and Johnsen finished their stories, he said, “that, indeed, was a fine day's work. You've made more progress today than we have in the last ten. What do you make of all this?"
"We were talking about that at dinner last night," Periwinkle said.
"Dinner huh? Consorting again on the department's expense account and I wasn't invited? I ate next door and paid for it myself.” Shard could slather guilt on as well as the best Catholic mother.
"No, no, Boss. You have it all wrong," she replied. "It was dark when we finished, and we were starving. We ate in Smytheville at a joint where the food doesn’t hold a candle to Mrs. O's. If we hadn't been so hungry, we'd have driven back and invited you to join us."
"Yeah, yeah. And your conclusions?" 
"For sure," Periwinkle said, "Landry was involved with Witry, Lee, and the Albany people in a land scheme of some sort. We can't quite figure out how, but it got Landry killed."
"Okay, let me bring you up to speed on my chat yesterday with one of the Misters.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen gave him puzzled looks. “The what?" 
"The ULC people. They call each other Mr. as if they all had seats in the U.S. Senate."
"Oh."
Shard spared no details, right down to Pimples and his buddy Tiny.
"Now, what do you guys think?" 
"I think we were right from the start. They all work for the Albany mob, and those boys killed him," Johnsen said.
"I agree," Periwinkle said.
"So do I," Shard said, “except for the small fact that the mob had no reason to kill Landry. Why would the kings kill an ally? Especially when they had his services for nothing. He was working on commission, and that was paid only after the casino corporation bought the ULC's land. Why murder him?"
“I forgot to give a minor detail in the Brodir story that might answer your question,” Johnsen said. “It seems that Sigtrygg’s mother, who had left Brian Boru’s bed, was promised to Brodir of Man with Viking Dublin as a dowry. The fly in the ointment, though, was that she was also promised to another ally, Jarl Sigurd of Orkney, with the same dowry. It was a bit of a mess, apparently.”
“Where do you get these improbable stories, Norseman?” Periwinkle asked. “That one is just plain nuts.”
“Not really.” Shard said, “Women were often treated as property and passed around, although I can’t see where this fits in our analogy. I’ll ponder that.”
That brought silence, until Johnsen, anxious to change the subject, said, "we found a page of scribbled figures in Landry's files that might help.”
Shard took the sheet and leaned his Schulyers' chair back against the wall at a precarious thirty-eight-degree angle. Periwinkle and Johnsen anticipated the crash, but he stayed within a degree of toppling until he dropped the chair back down to the floor and picked up his umbrella. He opened it and watched for the Camel. "Unh," he said, and opened the lid that covered his computer printer's ink cartridge and took out a Camel. 
"This is a nice piece of work kiddies and makes sense only because I have a piece of information you don't, because the Kaiser made me swear not to tell anyone. But, since I had all my digits crossed when I swore, I don’t feel bound by my oath. And if you tell anyone I passed this on, you will be delivering pizzas on the midnight trick in Smytheville."
"Okay, Boss, we get the idea,” Johnsen said.
"A couple of days ago, the Kaiser told me that he'd heard that Witry was into Wilmer Ottinger's bank for exactly $100,000. Earlier, remember, you'd found Landry's note for the same amount. Now, being a world-famous detective, I put the two together and came to the conclusion that despite Witry's bald-faced lies to the contrary, he and Landry were allied with the kings in the land business, and each had put up half the money. What did the Opydyke place sell for?"
"$200,000," Johnsen said.
"Right, half the money borrowed in Albany and the other half here. The question I keep asking, is why were they using their own money when they were fronting for the ULC? Why not use ULC money? That stymied me until you unearthed this little morsel. This makes it all clear."
"It does?" Periwinkle asked. "We couldn't make heads nor tails of it, but of course, we didn't know about Witry's money."
"That's the key piece of information," Shard agreed. "Now look at the sheet in that light. It looks as if Landry and Witry each invested $100,000, hence the $200,000. I can't quite decipher, however, what ‘= REL’ means, unless they got Lee to front for them, which would explain how he became the legal owner of the Opydyke property. He bought it with Landry's and Witry's money. But that raises the question of why they needed a silent partner when we know they fronted for Spinello's crowd at the ULC."
"My guess is that they had something going on the side, probably related to the land purchases they were making for the ULC. The question is what?" Johnsen said.
"Agreed," Periwinkle said. "I'll bet that somehow they were skimming the ULC land deal. Spinello and his boys found out and killed Landry."
"Logical, kings don’t like their treasuries raided," Shard agreed. "It's the rest of this encryption that is less clear. I assume the ‘X’ means times, but 200,000 times 100 doesn't come to 200,000, or at least it didn't when I was in school. Maybe that's why Landry never scored big; he couldn't multiply." 
Shard stared at the sheet and remembered that all he had to do was “plug in.” If he knew what to “plug in,” this would be simple.
"Ahhhhh, I bet I have it," he said. “”X100” doesn't mean that at all. It means times 100%, which would give Landry the $200,000 on the third line. Now, if you add that $200,000 to the sum of Landry's and Witry's investment, you get the $400,000 on the fourth line. Divide that by 2 and each man gets $200,000, less the cost of their loans. I don't know what ‘drivel’ means unless it's their filing costs and the like, thereby leaving them a profit of about $100,000 more or less. Damn, I'm good." 
"I’m impressed," Periwinkle said.
"You know in the Laxdaela Saga, there's the story where Kjartan goes abroad and --" 
"Nooooo," Periwinkle said. "We're close to figuring this out. After we do, I promise you can tell me the whole tale of Karfan, or whoever, from start to finish. But I have to know how this comes out first."
"It's K-J-A-R-T-A-N," Johnsen said, “and I'll hold you to that.”
Shard wondered what had happened at dinner last night. He'd never heard Periwinkle evince the slightest interest in Norse tales, much less a whole one. And the Laxdaela Saga, he recollected, was long. She was in for it.
"The last line is open to interpretation," Shard said. “’Expansion poss. Push,’ I would say means he saw a chance to make even more money, if ‘poss’ is short for possibilities. ‘Push’ seems obvious, I guess."
"Maybe he pushed somebody too hard," Periwinkle said, "and that somebody pushed back -- harder."
"Yeah, and I think Periwinkle was dead right a few minutes ago. These guys were skimming the ULC. Who else could it have been? That must be where Lee comes in. He’s their front man, although from this I can't see where he makes anything from the scam. Unless he gets a commission from Landry and Witry on the land he buys. But Landry didn't work it into his figures. Maybe Lee's commission was too small to worry about. Or maybe Landry worked Lee's commission into his deal with the Misters and they are paying it. Maybe they don't know they are."
"How did the skim work? Were they jacking up the price of the land they bought, selling it to the ULC for much more than they paid, and using Lee as their buffer?"
"Bingo, my man," Shard said. "I think you are absolutely right. The sweet thing about the scheme is that Landry and Witry buy the land from Lee, not from Opydyke. Lee asks double what he paid Opydyke, and that becomes the price the Misters pay Landry and Witry, plus their commission. The Misters are none the wiser, and the scammers walk away with a $200,000 profit."
“It's even sweeter when I think about it," Periwinkle said. "These guys are from Albany, where land prices are higher than here. They're not going to be suspicious of Landry's and Witry's add-ons as long as they keep them near what's reasonable in the Albany real estate market."
"And Landry takes his ill-gotten earnings back to Smytheville and treats Ms. Fluff to her long-awaited trip to Disney World, in Florida. And she repays him in kind. Opydyke's land leads directly to sex on the sand. It's a wonderful world," Johnsen said.
Periwinkle glared at him. "You're a sick man, you know that?" 
"I think we've unraveled the scam," Shard said, "or at least most of it. That leaves just one more question. Who gets hurt enough to want Landry dead?"
"The ULC people, the kings, are the ones who get hurt. They have to pay twice the real value of the land. I'd put my money on them," Johnsen said.
"Makes sense," Periwinkle said.
"True, but what if our friends had a falling out. Witry wanted it all. Why split with Landry? And where does Lee fit in? Maybe he discovered he was being used by these two shysters and decided to eliminate them, deal with ULC himself, and walk off with all the booty."
"But the fly in your scotch," Periwinkle said, "is that the ULC had the deal with Landry, not Lee or Witry. The schemers needed him more than anyone else. If they kill him, who deals with the Misters? Would the Misters trust them? They don’t know Witry and Lee."
"Besides, "Johnsen said, "if the Misters knocked Landry off, who buys the land for them in Mohawk County?"
"Spinello asked me to recommend someone here to handle his business," Shard said, "but I didn't give him any names. The question, however, indicates that Spinello understood that with Landry dead, he would have to rebuild the land deal on this end. It also shows that he is willing to do so. Maybe because he’s liable through the bank for Landry’s note. Or at the very least, he recommended Landry for the loan."
"Great, we have the whys, but not the who. It's the who we have to take to court," Periwinkle said.
Shard stared at her frown wrinkles. He hadn't noticed them before, and he thought they made her look older maybe old enough, the little voice in the back of his mind teased him.
"Before you guys rousted yourselves from your warm beds this morning -- and I know how hard that was after eating all that heavy food last night -- I was here working on Periwinkle's question. I called my old partner Peter Copper in Albany and asked him to find out who Tiny is and to check to see if Spinello uses any other heavies. I asked him to fax the info here and send photos. Johnsen, run up and ask Bluder if those faxes have come in. In the meantime, I want to read Landry's e-mails."
“A man of few words," he said as he read through the photocopies. "They support our outline of their scheme, but little more. Landry was the ringleader; he tells Witry what to do with Lee, but he doesn't give us a hint of why they are doing it.” 
"It is proof that they're connected in the land deals,” Periwinkle said, "but that's about it."
"Did he send any e-mails to Lee?"
"No."
"Is Lee in his computer anywhere?"
"I couldn't find him if he is, but that doesn't mean he isn't."
"Did Johnsen find anything on Witry in the paper files?"
"No, but they are in about the same shape as yours.”
"You mean they’re organized and easy to use?"
"Exactly, Boss."
"This tells me that Witry is a first-class liar. He swore to me he didn't know Landry and his computer wasn't even hooked up to the net, and if it were, he couldn’t or wouldn't use it.”
Shard stared at Periwinkle. "I have to go back to talk to that weasel. But even if he 'fesses up, what can I expect to get from him? I don't think he killed Landry. Landry owned the tree laden with the golden pears. Why kill him?"
Wednesday Morning
Shard moved over to the chair Johnsen had just vacated. When the blonde hulk appeared with several fax pages, he saw that he had been euchred. 
"Your buddy in Albany is prompt. He found two guys out there, both with long records, who do the dirty work for Little Italy’s Spinello. Tiny Donohoo and Tony Krepska, by name, with arrests for all kinds of strong-arm stuff. My guess is they're knee-busters.” 
"Spinello hired an Irishman and a Bohemian to do his dirty work? The mob has embraced diversity? It's a new world out there kids."
Johnsen ignored him. "Cooper sent us photos. Wait until you see Tiny. The guy must weigh 350 pounds. He’s huge. And I love his name. The Norse gave people names that might have been the very opposite of their physical appearances. Thoric the Rotund, for example, may have been a skinny little rascal, or Thormod Coalbrow may have had my coloring."
"Yeah, Johnsen," Periwinkle said, "and Tiny just stepped out of a thirteenth century saga to commit murder in Leyden."
Must have been a helluva dinner last night, Shard thought.
“You know, you just may be right,” he said. “A couple hundred years off though.”
They looked at Shard as if he’d just conked his head on something sharp.
“Remember, no king killed Brodir of Man. Other guys did his bidding. They always do. Thuglike. Our Albany kings have thugs too.”
"Maybe we can place Tiny at Steubens Alley the night of the murder. We know he took the king’s car earlier that evening. Periwinkle, find Luke and show him Tiny's photo. See if he recognizes him. Fire up Luke's memory with a dozen of Patel's low cholesterol donuts. And Johnsen, since we know you have a way with the ladies, I want you to show Tiny's photo to Mrs. Waters. She got a good look at the big man, and she might be our best bet for an ID. I'd rather have her in court than poor Luke."
"That's not fair, Boss. Mrs. Waters is a new mother, and from the sounds of it, well married. My magic doesn't work on married women. Besides, it'll take me the rest of the day to visit her, and I'm miles behind in my paperwork, just like you."
"Okay. Don’t take it to the Waters woman. Take it to the Puffy Parlour, or whatever it is called, and show it to Ms. Fluff. Hold up the picture and make her come in close for a good look. As for your paperwork, it all comes to me anyway, and I don't want to see any of it. Stay behind."
"I'll get on the horn to Mrs. Waters." 
Periwinkle smiled at Shard. 
"And what are you going to do Boss?" Johnsen asked.
"Because I had to do all the thinking this morning, I’m suffering from a caloric deficiency. I think I'll duck out for an early lunch at Schuylers. Now mush!"
Shard pulled on his favorite coat and went outside, where it felt like it would soon snow. The world was thick and heavy. He crossed the street to Zwitters. The old-fashioned cast-iron street lamp in front had a small door that gave the maintenance man access to the wiring. Shard opened it and took a Camel out of a clear plastic bag. 
Wednesday Afternoon 
Periwinkle walked into a blustery wind blowing off Lake Erie across western New York State. She found Luke curled up around Dizzy in the post office. He was awake, watching the postal world from ankle height.
"Luke, my good man, how about a couple of fresh, hot Patel donuts for you and your hairy friend here?" Periwinkle knew how to appeal to males.
Luke came off the floor so quickly he scared Dizzy, who jumped to his feet with a yip. Periwinkle was sure Dizzy knew the word Patel meant donuts. They were out the door before she had time to button her coat.
Patels was crowded, and the rapid drop in outside temperature had steamed up its windows. The place smelled of cooking grease and wet wool. She bought a dozen of Patels’ sweetest, most disgusting donuts and led Luke and Dizzy to a vacant table.
Periwinkle waited until Luke ingested a full measure of sugar before she asked, “do you remember the night you made snow angels in the street and almost got run over?"
"Mr. Shard said I shouldn't make them in the street. He said I should use the sidewalk."
"He's right, Luke, but I need you to remember the night you made them in the street."
"Yeah, it was cold.”
"Yes, and do you remember you saw men in a big car stop and go into Steubens Alley?"
"The car almost hit me. The man was mad. He called me bad names," Luke said. 
"You saw the man?"
"Yup."
"Do you think you'd recognize him if you saw him again?"
"I ain't seen him again." 
"I know, but if I show you a picture of a man, could you tell me if he was the one?” 
"Yup." Luke said as he fished two more donuts out of the sack and handed one to Dizzy who snatched it as if he hadn't eaten since St. Crispin's Day.
She took Tiny’s photo out of her purse. "Okay, Luke, here's a picture. Look at it carefully. Have you ever seen this man?”
Luke held it up to the light with one hand while stuffing the last half of a donut into his mouth with the other. He sat and chewed and chewed while Dizzy, much more adept at gulping donuts, eagerly awaited another one.
Finally, Luke licked his lips and said, "he was mad at me. Called me bad names. I thought he was going to hurt me."
"You mean you saw this man that night in the alley?"
"Yeah. He's big, real big, scary too. He's mean. He didn't buy Dizzy and me donuts."
"Are you sure this was the man? It's important Luke."
"Yup. He leaned over and cussed me. His face was real close. I don't like him."
"You've been a big help Luke. We need more public-spirited citizens like you." Periwinkle saw Luke didn't fathom a word she said. "How would you and Dizzy like to have lunch with me?" She thought this might be the best date she'd had in six months.
"Sure." 
"My treat," She wondered if Luke carried any money or whether he needed any. "What would you like to eat?"
"Me and Dizzy likes hot dogs," he said with a drooly grin. "Lots of ‘em, don't we Dizzy?" The dog stood so that his head was table-high and vigorously thumped his tail against Periwinkle’s leg. 
She wondered if Patels sold hot dogs by the bag.
Wednesday Afternoon
Johnsen called Mrs. Waters, who was home and eager to talk. Before he hung up, he was up to date on Emma's nursing schedule and the frequency and consistency of her several bowel movements. As an added bonus, Mrs. Waters predicted what the next one was expected to look like. Johnsen believed that she might be the world's best advertisement for birth control or monastic celibacy. He hoped he didn’tthink of her the next time he sidled up to an attractive woman at a bar. 
It was only an hour’s drive, but Johnsen kept looking at the dark clouds that spread across the horizon. Because the storm wasn’t far off, business at his favorite watering holes would likely be down. This might be a good night to clean his apartment, he thought, in case he ever lured Periwinkle there. The idea appealed to him. He enjoyed his dinners with her, she was easy to talk to, bright, funny, everything he looked for in a good friend. He realized for the first time, however, that he’d like to take the relationship farther. And that was the crux of his ambivalent relationship with her. She had a sense of reserve about her, not coldness exactly, not even aloofness, maybe carefulness, as if she'd been wounded too many times to allow her feelings to show. Worse, she seemed put off by his revered sagas. 
 He wondered how Shard felt about her. Like Periwinkle, he rarely allowed his feelings to show. Johnsen didn’t want to compete with the boss for Periwinkle's favor. He was sure he’d lose. Besides, it’d make for lousy office politics.
 He hoped that Mrs. Waters wasn't nursing when he got there; she’d probably want to show him the mechanics of it. That'd be worse than the Fluff's breast.
When Mrs. Waters met him at the door holding Emma, he was relieved to see that she wasn't attached. If he were fast, he figured he could show her the picture and get out before Emma complained she was a quart low.
"I've just finished feeding Emma and am waiting for her to dirty her diaper before I put her down for her nap," Mrs. Waters announced.
Johnsen was both relived and repulsed. He hoped Emma could hold it until he left. It suddenly became a burning question.
"I won't bother you long," he said. "I just want you to take a look at this photo and tell me whether it's the man you saw behind the Thruway rest stop Sunday last." 
Mrs. Waters recoiled when she looked at it. "He’s the one. I saw his face when he struggled with the man he hit. It was all contorted, but he’s the big one. He frightened me, especially since I had my little Emma and have to see to her needs all the time."
Johnsen peered at “little Emma,” and she didn't look like a kid who needed constant care to him. He thought she looked more like a clever little schemer. He had to admit, however, that he knew nothing about babies. He couldn't remember ever being one. He was born tramping across the northern world with his Viking ancestors. 
"Thanks, Mrs. Waters. We think this is the guy who murdered Mr. Landry. We may ask you to come to Leyden to testify. Would you do that?"
"As long as I can bring Emma. I'd have to work around Emma's nursing schedule. It's very important for babies. Mother's milk is the best food in the world. It helps bolster her immune system and --"
"I agree Mrs. Waters. Nothing is better, but I have to get back to Leyden this afternoon," he said as he edged towards the door. So far, he had escaped Emma's expected evacuation, which he thought might have been the high point of his day.
Wednesday Afternoon 
Shard dawdled over lunch and worked his manifold charms to con O'Reilly out of two Camels. He stood outside for a few minutes watching the big flakes sink to the earth and noticed that a hush had already settled over the town. 
Periwinkle arrived in his office wreathed in smiles. "Luke came through for us," she said. "He remembered the man well because he swore at him. Luke said the man was big and mean. It's the big that's telling."
"Good work."
"Do you think I might put a dozen donuts and eight jumbo hot dogs on my expense account? I’ll leave out the hot dog and two donuts I ate. Those two are bottomless. Doesn’t anyone feed them?"
"Bribing witnesses, Sergeant?" 
"Works like a charm on all men. Feed them and they'll lick your hand. Besides, Johnsen heard you order me to bribe them."
"I ordered you to bribe a dog? Who's going to believe that?"
"Anyone who knows you, Boss."
Shard was afraid that might be true.
"I think the department can stand the tariff, but I'd love to see Bluder's face when she comes across donuts and hot dogs on your expenses. I'll bet you a buck she'll call me. Were they tasty?"
"The best. The department got its money's worth on that lunch."
"I’ll buy that," Shard said, "but I'm not sure Luke's ID is going to do us a lick of good. How can I take Luke, my only eyewitness, into court? Everyone calls him the village idiot, but we know he's not. He’s just slow, too slow to make a good courtroom impression."
"I agree. I can just see some defense attorney subpoena Dizzy to testify after Luke, just to make the point about our eyewitness. But you know, I think Dizzy understands everything we say. He knew I offered to buy donuts. He knows what a hot dog is when he hears the word. That’s one smart dog."
"With the friendliest ears. I wonder how they have any hair left on them. Everyone in town rubs them. I can't seem to leave them alone."
"So where does that leave us?" 
"If Mrs. Waters puts Tiny at the Thruway,” Shard said, “we're half-way here. The only way we're going to get them anywhere near Steubens Alley is to see what we can get out of Tiny. My guess is he's not the brightest star in the galaxy, and we might be able to kerfluffle him enough to get something out of him."
"If he's that stupid, would Spinello let him talk to us without his lawyer present?" Periwinkle asked.
"Probably not, but do you have any other bright ideas? How about one that's not so bright?"
"No."
"Let's see what Johnsen's found and then we'll make a decision on where we go. We're getting close Periwinkle, and it feels good."
Johnsen arrived late in the afternoon to free Shard from the tedium of DUI arrests, lost dogs, and hooligans cavorting in parking lots in the middle of the night.
"Good news, Boss. I got out of there before Emma produced her scheduled bowel movement and before Mrs. Waters could demonstrate her latest breast-feeding techniques. In between she identified Tiny as the huge man who belted Landry behind the Thruway gas station. She’s absolutely sure he's the one. She also agreed to testify, but she has to be scheduled around Emma's feeding times."
"I want you to think of Mrs. Waters every time you pick up some young lovely. She's your future, Johnsen."
"Thanks.”
"Luke identified Tiny as well, but he isn't going to testify, and we both know why. That leaves us forty miles shy of placing Tiny outside the alley. And that's a big problem."
"I worked that out on the drive back."
"And?”
"It’s obvious. We’ve got to break Tiny."
"You know how big he is? I bet that he could pulverize both of us while downing a large pizza with his other hand."
"Ah, but we’re smarter," Johnsen replied. "We use our wits."
"Yeah, and then he pulverizes us. But you’re right. We have to talk to him. But remember he's outside our jurisdiction, so we'll have to get help." 
"I feel a call to your state police buddy coming on," Johnsen said, as Shard reached for his phone.
Copper was less enthused about getting involved, especially after Shard reminded him that Tiny was half hippo, but agreed to see if he could get permission to bring Tiny to headquarters for a talk. 
"Okay, we’ll have to wait to see what Copper can do for us. In the meantime, I'm going to sweep all this paper into my bottom drawer and get the hell out of here. I advise you do the same."
"See you tomorrow, Boss," Johnsen said.
Wednesday Evening
Shard started to walk over to Schuylers, then thought better of it and drove home. He poured himself a generous four fingers, maybe five, of scotch and removed the electrical wall outlet plate in the kitchen. A Camel nestled in between the socket and the outlet box.
Without thinking, he reached for the phone. It took a moment for the circuits to click through to Buffalo before he heard, "hello."
"Hi, this is Tom."
There was a pause, "Tom who?"
Maybe this isn’t a good idea, Shard thought. 
“Tom Shard. Remember me? The old Leyden cop."
"Sorry, you caught me just as I walked in. It's miserable out there. We must have a half a foot of snow already, and it's really coming down. Traffic is snarled all over town."
"It's just starting here, but I expect we'll have that much by midnight or so. I was just thinking about what a nice time I had last Saturday and wondered if you are coming over this weekend. I'd love to see you. We’ll go out to dinner.” 
"I enjoyed it too, but I hadn't planned to see mother so soon. I thought I'd come every four to six weeks if she's doing well. I think she needs to establish her new life without me.”
"I don’t know. I think you ought to see her at the end of her first week to make sure she's okay."
"You're a conniver, my friend. You'd even use my poor old mother to get me in your clutches. Shame on you." 
"Guilty as charged. I'd use anybody to get my clutches into you. Come to think about it, what are clutches anyway? Claws? Beaks?"
"Always the wordsman, aren't you? In your case clutches are a roaring fire, good scotch, good food, your winsome personality, and those bottomless blue eyes. The state ought to license guys like you to protect poor hapless women like me."
Shard laughed. She was babbling to gain time to think. He was heartened.
"I could make a run over this weekend, I suppose. Alice is going up to Niagara Falls for a band contest and won't be home until late Sunday. And if the weather doesn't get any worse…."
“If you can get to the Thruway, you know it will be clear." Shard said. "We have a new restaurant in town, the Cleveland Inn. I'd like to try it, but I hate to eat alone, and I can't persuade a soul in town to go out with me."
"I'm not surprised. You're dangerous. Why a place named the Cleveland Inn in Leyden? Why isn't it in Cleveland, Ohio? Where do they get these names?" 
"Think Cleveland as in Grover."
"You mean the owner is fat and from Buffalo?" 
"Yup. Anyway, I hear the place is a good step above Schuylers, and that takes some doing."
"Is Mrs. Olndowski still at Schuylers?"
"You bet and hasn't lost a step."
"God, she was forever old when we were in high school."
"It's a deal then," Shard said. “Come Saturday and we'll meet for drinks and dinner. I still have two-thirds of that bottle of Springbank. In fact, I'm having a sip right now."
"You're on. I'll call you if I can’t make it.”
"Sounds great. Drive carefully."
Wednesday Evening
Shard decided to forget about cleaning the house. He reached under the kitchen sink and opened the SOS and found one steel wool pad and a Camel. 
The phone rang, and his first thought was that Ellen wanted to cancel, but it was Copper.
"You’re tons of trouble, Shard, ya know that?" 
"I try, but I'm not always successful." 
"I told my captain that Spinello may be mixed up in a murder outside our jurisdiction and that you and I needed to talk to his goon. Captain gave me permission, and I've set up a talk with Tiny on Friday at eleven o'clock. Is that all right?"
"I'll come early to fill you in on the latest.” 
"Fine. Now can I go home? It's starting to snow, and I am so hungry I could eat a pride of pheasants."
"Pretty good Copper. You're improving. How about a gang of goats?"
"I prefer the pheasants, thank you."

CHAPTER 10: ANOTHER CORPSE
Wednesday Evening
The phone rang the moment Shard hung up.
“Hello, Neil,” he said. “Baby come today?”
“No, Sir. The body did.”
“What are you talking about?”
“They found a woman’s body in a dumpster in Smytheville.”
“Who is it?”
“I don’t know, Sir. Some woman.”
“Well, I’m sorry, but that’s not my problem. Chief Perkins has jurisdiction there, we don’t.”
“Yes, Sir, but Chief Perkins wants you to call him immediately.”
Shard caught the chief in his office. “I hear you want to talk to me.” 
“You bet your life. We have a body here that I think you’ll be interested in.”
“Who is it?” Shard asked.
“Misty Sanders.”
“I don’t know her,” Shard said, hoping this would all go away.
“She works at the Perky Parlour, where your suspect, Candyce, works. I hear they had a fight a couple of days ago. Your detective was there and broke it up.”
“I heard about that,” Shard said. “It seems that both women were sleeping with Landry.”
“That’s what I heard.”
“How was she killed?” Shard asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Well, when you get the coroner’s report, call, and we’ll come down to talk to Candyce.”
You don’t understand, Lieutenant. This is your corpse, not mine. She was found at the county dump. It’s not in my jurisdiction. I can’t do anything.”
“Damn,” Shard said under his breath. “Has Doc Fox been notified?”
“No, I called you first. I figured you’d take it from here.”
“We’ll be right down.”
Shard looked at his watch. It was 6:25. “Shit,” he said aloud. “I was just getting thirsty.” He called Johnsen and Periwinkle and asked them to pick up some Patel hot dogs and coffee and meet him at the office. That was the easy call. Then he called Doc.
 “What the hell do you mean you have a corpse way the hell down at the southern end of the county. Have you been outside? It’s winter. It’s snowing. It’s cold. I’m old. You expect me to drive all the way there and lug all my astounding educational attainments along? Moreover, that’s a long trip for my pickup. I’ll charge you extra for every mile per hour I have to push it over 35. The wear and tear on it will be terrific. Worse, when I get there, it’s ten to one the corpse is dead. Another wasted evening. Goodbye.”
“Thanks, Doc,” Shard said into the dead phone.
“The chief said the dead woman is Misty?” Johnsen asked, as they drove to Smytheville. “I just saw her a couple of days ago.”
“Yeah, Norseman, and you also told us that Candyce threatened to kill her, remember?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yeah. But I didn’t think she meant it. I have to admit she was madder than hell. You ought to see the scratches her talons made on Misty’s cheek. I was lucky to get out of there with my skin intact.”
“Do you think Candyce may have killed her?” Shard asked.
“As mad as she was Monday, she could’ve killed anyone, including me. Women hate to be scorned more than anything. Right Periwinkle?”
“How would I know? Nobody scorns me. Why do you always ask me such stupid questions?”
“Because you’re a girl, I guess.”
“You guess I’m a girl? Or, you guess that’s why you ask me dumb girl questions? Or both? Oh, yeah, I should remind you that I’m a woman.”
“Okay guys,” Shard said, “we’ve arrived at the sauerkraut capital of the world’s dump. I can only imagine how wonderful it smells. I bet the factory dumps its brine or whatever it calls that soup they use, right here. Toxic fumes.”
“Maybe the snow cover has tamped down the stink,” Periwinkle said.
Three Smytheville police cars idled inside the dump gate and a truck with the dumpster was further up the rough, potholed cinder road.
“I’m surprised the town has three cars,” Johnsen said.
“Chief Perkins greeted them. You made good time. We’ve been waiting.”
“Doc Fox should be here as soon as he can get his truck started. Should be sometime this month, I assume.”
The chief looked at Shard with a hint of disdain on his face.
“Where is she?” Shard asked.
“On the other side of the truck.” The chief pointed to the rig.
“How did the driver find her?”
“Said something smelled fishy, and he looked in before he emptied the dumpster down in the gully. If he had dumped it, we would never have found her. This place always smells a little ripe, as you can tell.”
Shard thought that sauerkraut aroma had a staying power above and beyond anything he had ever imagined.
They walked around the truck to Misty’s body, which lay flat on its back on the cinder road. Periwinkle and Johnsen lagged behind to allow Shard the close, private look he preferred.
He walked slowly around her. The light on the pole in front of the dump shack was bright enough to enable him to see all he wanted. She was still clothed in what Shard assumed was her beautician’s uniform, polyester pants and a blouse-thing, with cartoon characters all over both. She must have been killed right after work, he thought. He knelt down and examined the scratches on her cheek; they were exactly as Johnsen had described, deep and heavily scabbed. Her face had a fair amount of blood on it, but it was all below her nose.
“Damn,” Shard said, “she looks just like Landry. Bled from the nose.” He noticed that she had the beginnings of a bruise, or what might be just ingrained dirt, above her eyes. Landry had been hit in the same place. He stood up and made another circuit around the body. Since she had been killed somewhere else, he didn’t examine the area around her as carefully as he ordinarily would have. He kept returning to her blond hair. Thick, he noticed, really thick. And as fake a color as he’d ever seen. He wondered how beauticians, who made their livings styling other women’s hair, managed to make their own look so bad. Maybe they fiddled with it too much, he decided.
Shard took one last look at Misty’s face, pallid, scarred, and bloodied. “I swear I’ve seen her somewhere. I’ve never been in the Perky Parlour, so it must have been somewhere else,” he said to Periwinkle and Johnsen.
The groans of an ancient pickup trying to tear itself apart on the pocked cinder track interrupted Shard’s attempt to kick-start his memory. The cinder blocks in the back of the truck squealed and scraped as they careened from one side of the bed to the other. Doc stopped next to the police officers.
“Do you know how far it is to this place? It’s so far, I had to push my poor truck up to forty-five miles an hour, or I wouldn’t have gotten here and back to Leyden before daybreak. And, where am I? In a dump!  Can’t you find a corpse, Shard, in a sauna or a movie theater? At least then I’d get a free bath or movie. God, what’s that stink? That’s not a body. It’s much worse.”
“Sauerkraut, Doc,” Shard said.
“Oh, Jesus,” Doc said, as he took a long suck on his dead cigar butt. “Where’s my patient.”
“Other side of the truck,” Johnsen said.
Doc examined his patient for several minutes before he returned.
“Well, I hate to ruin all your presuppositions, but she’s very dead. I’ll stake my international reputation on that. And, Lieutenant, before you ask, I’ll tell you that she’s been dead awhile. So there. Can I go home now before my truck cools off?”
“How long’s awhile?” Shard asked.
“I knew you’d ask that. You show me a frozen corpse and then ask for the day, hour, and minute she died. Now, I’m good, but I ain’t that good. Go home and pull a lump of your mother’s spaghetti you made out of your freezer. Look at it and tell me exactly when you prepared the stuff. Bet you can’t do it. Neither can I, and I have all this education.”
“She was alive Monday, Doc. We know that. Johnsen saw her,” Shard said.
“Good. Then she died sometime after Monday. That’s my professional opinion,” Doc said. 
“What do you think killed her?” Shard asked.
“You always ask me that and never find me a body with a knife sticking in its back or its head blown off. No, that would too easy. You prefer frozen corpses with no overt hints. I’ll tell you this, though, my exquisite medical training tells me that the scratches on her face did not kill her. From the blood splatters and the faint compression above her eyes, I’d guess somebody walloped her with something. That may have done it. Or maybe pills. Or maybe a python strangled her. How should I know? Do I look like God? Bag her up and deliver her to the cave, and I’ll find out. Go in through any door. They’re all unlocked. I can’t find my keys. Now, can I go back to yesterday’s Wall Street Journal and a toddy?”
“Thanks for coming out,” Shard said.
Doc stared at him trying to decide whether that was a newer, milder form of sarcasm, or if Shard had, by some cosmic stretch, meant it. He decided that he couldn’t decide, tugged the sides of his liver-colored tweed coat together against the wind, and lurched slowly back to his truck.
Wednesday Evening
Back in the car, Shard said, “This is just what we needed, another body. It looks like we have a murder spree going on. The Kaiser’s going to have a coronary. You know what’s coming up this spring.”
“Elections,” Periwinkle and Johnsen said in unison.
“Maybe we’ll get lucky, and this will be an open and shut case,” Shard said. “We’ll come back tomorrow and talk to Candyce. She seems the most likely candidate on our short list of one. What do you guys think?”
“Since I haven’t met either Candyce or Misty, I’ll defer to the Norseman,” Periwinkle said.
“Oh, thanks. I can’t picture the bit of fluff killing anyone, Boss, not even in a crime of passion. She was mad on Monday, no doubt about it. Just look at the cuts on Misty’s face. They prove she could hurt someone when she wanted to. But the killing was way beyond that. Would Candyce murder Misty and dump her body in a dumpster? That seems really awful, compared to a little rat poison in her 7-Up, or maybe a pillow over her face in bed, or some other sedate way of offing her.”
“Did you guys notice the mark on her forehead?” Shard asked.
“I did see it,” Periwinkle said, “but it didn’t look that bad. The blood all over the lower part of her face looked gruesome by comparison.”
“What did that suggest, although I’d be more confident if the body was in situ?” Shard asked.
“Landry,” Johnsen said. “He had blood from his nose all over him and on the ground.”
“Exactly. And do you know what that says to me?”
“Same killer?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yup. Except that I can’t figure out why, other than she was connected to Landry in a Biblical way, at least by reputation. What could she have had to do with land sales, Indians, gamblers, Albany Italians, and Leyden? She was a beautician, not a shyster lawyer.”
“It’s possible, Boss, that Landry told her what his big deal was, and she knew too much. She became a danger to someone. Remember Brian Boru?” Johnsen asked.
Shard chose to ignore the question.
“Blackmail, do you think? Was she clever enough to do that? Did she somehow figure out who killed Landry and threatened to squeal?”
“I like that, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “Except that the only bug in your scotch is the question of whether she was dumb enough to try to blackmail a murderer. I mean, she knew the guy played for keeps. That’s a dangerous game.”
“No doubt,” Shard said. “But the potential reward may have been worth it. Her own ‘big deal,’ so to speak. And maybe she underestimated those guys, just like Landry and Witry did. If so, she made a fatal error. But I think we ought to start with the obvious suspect, Candyce. We’ll talk to her tomorrow.”
“Oh, God,” Johnsen muttered.
Wednesday Evening
When he got home, Shard put on his wool jacket and walked to the barn to say hello to his Morgan. He picked a Camel out of his box of socket wrenches and sat down on his stool to admire, tinker, and think. 
He worked down the wood frame around the car’s doors, tightening all the screws. As usual every one was loose. One of the car's little peculiarities, and he had to admit it had a bucket full, was that it liked to fall apart. 
Shard’s mind wandered back to Johnsen's story of Brodir of Man. The sheer horror of Brodir's death didn’t fix Shard’s attention. It was his question after Johnsen finished. Who was Landry's death supposed to threaten? The question so engrossed him that he just sat on the stool and twirled the screwdriver.
Witry was the obvious answer. The king’s other ally, maybe in league with Lee. But why not threaten Witry directly, not Landry? Or kill him? Instead, Tiny or somebody killed Landry and, thereby, truncated the land deal and created bigger problems for the Misters. The killer or killers must have understood that would happen. So, why murder him?
Once they killed Landry though, it would have been easier for them to murder Misty. It was possible that she figured out who the murderer had to be if Landry had told her about the details of how he planned to skim a profit from the Misters’ casino scam. If Misty knew the kings’ names, she could have deduced that they murdered her lover. That knowledge may have enticed her to try to blackmail them into paying her either hefty sums or some percentage of their profits from the land sales to the Indians. The problem is that we don’t know what Landry told her.
Shard stared down at his well-worn leather seats. It slowly dawned on him that no one was supposed to kill Landry. That was the only conclusion that made sense. They wanted to rough Landry up and dump him bruised and frightened on Witry's doorstep. Make an example of him, just like Brodir of Man. His killers didn’t hide his body either; it would have ruined their whole purpose. The kings wanted to use a threat to drive their land prices down. Which raises the question of why they hid Misty’s body if she was supposed to be another warning? Maybe she wasn’t. Maybe she was a clear and present danger to them, and they had to get rid of her. If her body were found, though, it would serve as another warning. The Misters could win either way. And what about Lee? Did they kill him too? If so, where’s his body? 
When Tiny smacked Landry behind the gas station, he must have inadvertently killed him. Stuck with a corpse, Tiny didn’t know what to do. So, he followed his orders to deposit Landry near Witry as an example of what happens to anyone who tries to double-cross the Misters, just like the Viking and Irish kings. Maybe that was why Witry denied everything the other day. He didn't know what to do either. He’s stuck in a deal that scares him to death. He’s in debt. One partner, and maybe another, is dead. And now Landry’s girlfriend. Witry realizes that his life is in danger, and it must make his intestines roil. Like Brodir’s.
What could Witry do? He might hunker down and use Lee to intercede with the Misters to get him the best deal he could. That’s if Lee’s still alive. He wouldn't call the law, not when he was neck-deep in a shady deal with the mob and had no proof that Landry was an example of what might happen to him. Witry will probably try to wring something out of what has become a dangerous game. That might explain why he hasn't been hanging around Schuylers lately. He feels safer closeted in his house and office.
Shard tossed the screwdriver back on his workbench and decided he had to talk to Witry the first thing in the morning.
Thursday Morning
Kings want to be certain
What their men are wanting;
Greed alone is the reason
Why peace is not concluded.
(King Harald”s Saga, Chpt. 71)
First in the office, Shard opened his Rolodex to the "C" cards and shook out a Camel. Periwinkle came in and gave him a vague look of disapproval.
"A good morning to you, too," Shard said.
"Snow’s getting pretty deep out there. I decided to walk rather than shovel my car out. I figure if I leave it in the driveway for a week, God will free it for me."
"Not here, Periwinkle. God won't free it until Memorial Day, if then."
"What's on for today?" 
"I have to talk to Witry and get him to tell the truth for once. He’s like dealing with uncooked meatloaf."
Her eyes widened. She’d missed something.
"When you shape a meatloaf with your bare hands, it's gunky and slimy, and every time you squeeze, it oozes out between your fingers. You get oily to your wrists. It takes a week to wash it all off."
"Oh." 
"Okay, forget the meatloaf. I'm debating whether to take you or Johnsen with me. There are pros and cons to each, but it makes sense to take someone." 
"I'm sure Johnsen would love to go this morning,” Periwinkle said. “Since he's given up on women, he's in training to understand men. This may be just what he needs."
"You're right. I'll take you. Come on let's get it over with. We’ll go down to Smytheville later this morning."
"We could wait a few minutes for Johnsen. He would pick today to be late and sentence me to this interview. All I'm going to think about as I stare at Witry is oily meatloaf. Ugh."
Out on the street Shard said, "I love weather like this. The whole world is cleansed, and slow, and muffled, and virginal looking. We ought to enjoy it for a moment."
Periwinkle, completely covered except for her eyes, loved snow too, loved to look at it while indoors next to a friendly fire. That was why she'd never wanted to ski. Her idea of a ski vacation was to spend the day in the lodge and watch the goof balls who tied slats to their feet and froze all day. And got wet. And broke limbs.
Shard dug the snow out from around the lamppost's base, opened the little door, and took out a Camel. 
"I love this weather."
"You've said that already, Sir." 
"Yeah, I know, but repetition makes things true. Goebbels said that, I think."
"When we get in there," Shard said, "let me start. Then you jump in to try to keep the weasel on some tack that might have a dollop of truth in it. I'm going to hit him with the Brodir of Man story to make my point. Okay?"
Periwinkle winced, although Shard couldn't see it because her navy blue scarf covered most of her face. Pretty soon she'd know the sagas by heart, she thought. And her forbears were the hardy Anglo-Saxon types the Vikings slaughtered. Of course, she had to admit, a few of them may have inadvertently cohabited with Vikings. Would that make her like Johnsen?
"Let's go."
They took the dreary staircase up to the second floor, knocked on Witry's office door, and walked in. They caught him on the downside of a surprised look.
"Good morning Witry." 
"Nothing good about it. The weather is miserable. There's no sun. Nobody's out."
"Glad to see you’re so upbeat this morning." 
"So, what do you want?" 
"I want to tell you a story about Brodir of Man who fought in the battle of Clontarf in 1014."
"Why the hell would I want to hear that? It sounds like the crap that nitwit Johnsen spews."
"It’s about you."
"I wasn't there." 
"In a sense you were," said Shard, who proceeded to spin out the story of Brodir's gruesome death with special emphasis on the part about his guts spilling out all around him.
"Helluva way to start my morning," Witry said.
"You interrupted before I could make my point." 
"Well, come to your point then." 
"Brodir's mutilation was supposed to set an example for others who might try to grab more than they were due."
After a perfectly timed pause, Shard added, "just like Landry's."
"What the hell are you talking about?" 
"You. I think you and Landry and this guy Lee cooked up a scheme to defraud the United Land Company, the front for the Albany Misters, Vito, Pipi, and Spinello, men who are not afraid to use muscle, just like medieval kings."
Witry whitened. "I don't know what the hell you’re talking about."
"Yes, you do. Do you want it in detail? How about this? You're a hundred grand in hock. Landry was too, and God only knows how much Lee borrowed. You have to pay that back, but you can't until you sell your land that’s in Lee’s name to the ULC folks, who then plan to resell it to the Mohawks. You're an expensive extra step in the process. Lest you think I’m making this all up, we have copies of Landry's e-mails to your ‘non-connected’ computer, the one you told me you never use. The one right behind you."
"You're full of," he looked at Periwinkle, "bull, Shard."
"Oh, I don't think so. We have proof for everything the lieutenant has said. We think that Mr. Landry took the lead in this little scheme and that you came along using the bank’s money for whatever profits you could skim." Periwinkle said it so sweetly that Shard was afraid Witry’d implode from a sugar high.
Witry stared at her and said nothing. 
Shard picked up the thread. “Your problem is that Spinello, or somebody in ULC, found out that you guys were double-crossing them and they decided to send you a message, just like the Irish and Norse did with Brodir. The Misters planned to beat Landry up and dump him on your doorstoop. Unfortunately, the messenger got a little too excited and killed him. Then he didn't know what to do, so he drove Landry here and dumped him at his first opportunity. Or he got scared because he was seen and left the body and ran. Either way, my friend, you got the message loud and clear."
Witry looked deflated.
"Let me be as blunt as possible, and I will speak slowly for you,” Shard said. “You are next on their list. Those guys live by the code, ‘Do unto others before they do unto you’. You tried to screw them and they didn't like it. Think about this Witry. They don't need you or your land or your hundred grand. They'd love to see you eat your hundred grand, a bill at a time. They’re not nice people. I don't know what they’ve done to Mr. Lee, but I suspect you do. Is he dead too? Is that why we can't find him?” 
Witry slouched in his chair and made a steeple with his fingers.
“Personally, I think there's some justice in the danger you face,” Shard continued. “You brought it on yourself, hustling after the quick buck. Your buddy Charbeneau won’t lift a finger to protect you. He's penny-ante compared to the ULC boys, and I suspect he knows it. My only interest in your fate is that I don't want anyone else murdered in Leyden."
Witry finally broke his silence.
"I'm guilty of nothing. You've got nothing on me. I don't have to tell you about my business. If you want that information, arrest me and take me to court." 
"I’m not insinuating that you've broken any laws, except that you obstructed my murder investigation by lying.”
Witry unsteepled his fingers.
"Now, here's my proposal. The only guarantee you’ll stay alive is for me to solve Landry's murder. I think you know that. Bottom line is you help me, you live. You don't help me, you might die. Or maybe worse, you’ll live in fear. Your choice. Oh, and to help you make up your mind, I want to inform you that a body was found in Smytheville yesterday.
“So?”
“Did you know a Misty Sanders?”
“No, should I?”
I think so. She was sleeping with your bosom buddy, Landry."
“I don’t give a damn who he slept with. I didn’t know him that well,” Witry said.
“Let me flesh it out for you. If Landry told her about your scam, then was killed, she may have figured out who did it and tried to blackmail him. She may have also known about you and the role you played with Landry.”
Shard could see the indecision in Witry’s eyes. 
"Okay, okay, but first, how'd you find out that I borrowed a hundred grand? Did Ottinger tell you?"
"No. He wouldn't tell me something like that. I'm a detective, Witry. I get paid to detect, and that's something I detected. I've also detected that Ottinger is worried about getting repaid. And I don't blame him."
"Yeah, yeah, but that's not something you should know. That's my business."
"So was Landry, and he's thoroughly dead," Shard said. "Now, tell me, am I right about what is going on?"
"Yeah, sorta. Landry and I were going to make a few bucks buying land for the Albany guys. We were pretty sure what land they wanted, so it looked like a sure-fire deal."
"And then somebody murdered Landry," Periwinkle said.
"Yeah. That screwed everything up. Landry was in with those people. I'm not. Like you said, I got the message.”
"What happened to Lee?" Shard asked.
"Lee doesn't exist. We made him up to front for us. We were Lee. But I had you running around in circles looking for him, didn't I?" He chuckled.
"Yeah, you ate up valuable time we could have used to crack this thing and help you out. So, you bought the land in Lee's name and proposed to have Lee sell the land to you guys?"
"Sure. Then we'd resell it to the ULC for a lot more. It was foolproof. I don't know how they figured it out. I didn't tell them, Landry wouldn't have, and Lee couldn't. I didn't think they were smart enough to see through it. You didn’t," Witry said.
Shard resisted an impulse to belt Witry. 
"Have you sold any land to the ULC?"
"No."
"Do you know where the casino is going to be?" 
"Landry told me that the ULC guys had a deal to sell the Indians the land they wanted. The ULC told Landry what land to buy, and we bought it through Lee. Unless somebody lied or welched on us, we couldn't lose. We buy cheap and sell dear. Those clowns wouldn't know."
"You didn't answer my question." 
"The Opydyke farm, close enough to get there easily, and far enough out to have lots of parking. Flat and cheap to build on. I own it, or half of it. If the damned Indians don't build there, the farm's not worth half what I paid for it. I'm dead."
"You may be dead both ways then," Shard said, "physically and financially."
Witry glared at him and rebuilt his steeple.
"Do you know who killed Landry?" Shard asked.
“That’s your job to find out."
“Do you know who killed Misty?”
“I told you, I didn’t even know her.”
"Who do you think killed Landry then?" 
"It's obvious, isn't it? Spinello’s crowd. They're the only ones to profit from it."
"Do you have any evidence they killed Landry?"
"Nah, they didn’t tell me anything. Leaving his body down the street said all they had to say."
"Have you ever met the ULC partners?" Periwinkle asked.
"Nah, that was Landry's job. He met some of them. He told me they were tough characters, but not very smart. He thought we could work them."
"Work them over?" 
"We were just speculating in land. That's the way I looked at it."
"With the wrong people," Shard said. "Do you have any other information that could help us? Remember, it's for your benefit."
"Nah, I told you more than I should."
“One last question, Mr. Witry,” Periwinkle said. “How did you hook up with Mr. Landry? Did you know him before?”
“Yeah. I’ve known Sam for a while. We weren’t close friends, only acquaintances really. I met him at a Blue Sox game at Murnane Field before that bastard, Ripkin, bought the Sox and moved them out of town. A couple of months ago I ran into him in the Utica courthouse. He said he had a big deal going and thought I might be interested. He said he needed someone who had access to some capital and knew Leyden property. Over dinner he laid all this out. It looked good to me. I don’t know what the hell went wrong with it.”
Shard and Periwinkle were happy to get back out into the snowstorm. Shard headed straight for his lamppost and a welcome Camel.
"Lee wasn't real," she said. "I spent all that time tracking Lees on a wild goose chase. Makes me mad as hell. That damned little squat of greasy meatloaf."
"We should have figured that out earlier when we couldn't find a shred of evidence he existed. But I'll give Landry and Witry credit. It’s kinda clever to invent the guy to front for them."
"Not that clever Boss, Landry’s dead."
Thursday Morning, later
Shard called chief Perkins to ask if he could bring Candyce into the station so Shard and his sergeants could question her. Shard promised they’d be there in under an hour if the roads were in good shape.
When Shard walked into Perkin’s office and saw Candyce, he knew immediately why Johnsen wanted to become a monk. Shard could only guess at the structural assembly under her blouse that kept her breasts from spilling out entirely. Periwinkle stared even longer than Shard, thinking the same thing.  Johnsen stared fixedly at a point just past Candyce’s left ear. He was not going to imperil his recently saved soul.
“Candyce,” Shard began, and then realized he couldn’t remember her last name. “You heard that Misty was killed?”
She fixed her eyes on Johnsen when she said, “Yes. I’m so sorry. It’s, like, terrible.” Tears welled up in her eyes but refused to drop.
“Detective Johnsen tells me that you threatened to kill her after you fought with her on Monday. Is that true?”
“Yes, Sir. But, like, I didn’t mean it. She was my best friend until, like, she screwed Sam while him and me were dating. Boy that, like, made me past mad. I wanted to kill her.”
“When was the last time you saw her?” Shard asked.
Periwinkle was still staring at Candyce’s breasts.
“Monday afternoon. Misty was, like, the shop manager, and she was the only one who could, like, lock up. I left. Guess she locked up.”
“Did you say anything to her?” Periwinkle asked, finally looking into Candyce’s brown eyes.
“God, no. I was mad at her.”
“You didn’t say anything? Not even goodnight or something?”
“No, I just, like, walked out.”
“Did you see Misty on Tuesday?” Shard asked.
“No. She didn’t come in.”
“Was she supposed to?”
“Yeah. She’s, like, the shop’s manager.”
“Did she miss work often?” Shard asked.
“Nah. She never misses. Even, like, after a heavy night, if you know what I mean.”
Everyone knew exactly what she meant.
“Did you see her on Wednesday?” Shard continued.
“No.”
“Did you talk to her from Monday night until Wednesday?”
“I didn’t want to. Like, I was pissed at her. You should’a seen the bracelet she said Sam gave her.”
“Where were you Monday night?” Shard asked.
“You think, like, I did it?” Candyce asked in amazement.
Shard wondered why she thought she was in a police station.
“Just checking,” Shard said.
“I went to The Lounge and got, like, snockered. Then I went home.”
“Did you go home alone?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yeah. I couldn’t, like, pick any guy up. That’s how bad my day was.”
“What time did you get home?” Shard asked.
“Maybe, like, 8:30 or 9:00.”
“Can anyone vouch that you were home?”
“Do what?” Candyce asked.
“Prove you were home,” Shard said.
“Nah. I was, like, alone all night.”
“How about Tuesday night?” Shard asked.
“I did the same thing, but I, like, hooked up with Travis Wade, and took him home.”
“Did he stay all night?” Periwinkle asked.
“Yeah. No use wasting a good man. Right?”
Periwinkle couldn’t answer the question. She didn’t even understand what it meant. She filed it to think about on the way home.
“We’ll need Mr. Wade’s address and phone number,” Shard said.
“He doesn’t have one. Like, he doesn’t live anywhere. He crashes with friends. Sometimes with me.”
After the interview, Shard walked out through the fresh snow to his car. He opened the fuse box under the dash and took out a Camel.
“I need this,” he said to Periwinkle and Johnsen. “What do you guys think about her?”
“I’ve never seen such massive breasts in my life,” Periwinkle said. “How does she hold them in?”
“I don’t care,” Johnsen said, “I didn’t look this morning. They’ve already victimized me.”
“Okay guys, I don’t think Doc will find that someone beat Misty to death with a boob. Bottom line, do you think she did it?”
“Like, who can tell, Boss,” Periwinkle said. “We didn’t learn a thing from her except that she drinks and tries to pick up guys every night. How does she live like that?”
Well, we did learn one thing,” Shard said.
“What?” Johnsen asked.
“It seems likely that Misty was killed sometime Monday after she locked up the shop. Chief Perkins told me he’s asked around and can’t find anyone who saw her after that. Maybe that means that Candyce killed her before Candyce went to the lounge. Apparently Misty hung around The Lounge too, competing with Candyce, and she didn’t make it there Monday night.”
“Can any woman compete with Candyce?” Periwinkle asked.
“I mean for guys,” Shard said.
“IS still believe that on Monday she could have killed Misty then and there. I don’t know about later that night. I’ll bet, though, when girl best friends get into it over stealing a lover, it can get nasty. That may have made the difference. If she did murder Misty, she’s pretty cool about it today. I saw no tell-tale signs,” Johnsen said.
“I thought she was pretty blasé too. Maybe too blasé. Is she that good an actor? I don’t know,” Periwinkle said.
“Well, thanks guys. That solves it,” Shard said.
Thursday Afternoon
Over a late lunch at Schuylers, Shard thought about Candyce’s interview and came to the same conclusions as his deputies. She reminded him of Tapioca – with lumps. And he was still angry about R.L. Lee. He vaguely remembered that he had offhandedly mentioned that Lee might not exist, but he had never believed it. At least he wouldn't have to worry about him anymore. He thought of the old joke about how to sculpt an elephant: chisel off everything that doesn't look like one. Well, Lee never did look much like an elephant, or a person for that matter. Shard should’ve seen that.
Shard noticed that the snow was tapering off, but Leyden looked gorgeous. The streets were still white, every tree branch was outlined in fluffy cover, the lawns were unpocked by footprints, the traffic slow and careful, his whole northern world dozed, calm and at peace with itself.
He went straight up to the Kaiser's office. The world was so exceptional that even Bluder teetered on the verge of a good mood.
"Hilda you look positively vibrant today."
"I always do, Lieutenant."
Score one for Bluder, he thought. 
"Is the sheriff in?”
"He's been waiting for you all day." 
"Certainly glad I got here early then." 
He found the Kaiser snugged in his huge leather chair.
"I think the snow is letting up, Sir." 
"I could have told you that, Lieutenant. The glass has been rising since seven twenty-five this morning." 
"I have good news and bad news for you, Sir.”
The Kaiser thought a moment. “Give me the bad news first.”
“We have another murder, Sir.”
“Does everyone wait until election year to kill someone, Lieutenant? Or does it just seem that way?”
“Lately, it does seem like that, Sir.” And Shard related the details of Misty’s killing.
“So you think this one is tangled up with Landry’s murder?” the Kaiser asked.
“It sure looks like it, Sir. At the very least on the sexual level, but I suspect it might go deeper than that; all the way back to Albany, Indians, the casino, kings, and the Misters.”
“That just might make it easier for you. If it is connected, you can solve both at the same time,” the Kaiser said.
“That would be nice, Sir. But, somehow, it seems too easy.”
“Let me think about that. Now, give me the good news.”
“We have solved Landry’s murder. Periwinkle and I backed that worm Witry into a corner so far that I think he actually told us the truth." Shard explained what the lawyer had said.
"Good work,” the Kaiser said with a broad, bushy smile. He was so happy he separated his clasped fingers and re-entwined them with the other hand on top. 
"And you say the murderers are from out of the county?"
"I'm pretty sure of it."
"That's a relief. I hate it when it’s one of ours."
Shard didn’t comment.
"What now?" the Kaiser asked.
"I've convinced an old buddy on the state police to haul Tiny in for questioning tomorrow in Albany. The state boys aren't much interested in our murder, but they’ve been watching Spinello for years.”
"You have anything on this Tiny?"
"Nothing. I'll bet he'll say he's never been to Leyden, or for that matter, Smytheville."
"What do you hope to get out of him then?"
"Best case scenario, Tiny throws up his hands, confesses he's guilty of both killings, and rats out Spinello." 
"Yeah, sure." 
"More realistic, he'll deny everything, but with luck we might rattle him and get something useful. At the very least, we can pressure him and his boss."
"He’s not going to give up his boss. If he does, he'll end up like Landry and what’s her name, except he'll never be found. And I'll bet you dollars to donuts that if he's Spinello's boy, he'll be lawyered up at the interrogation. Spinello can't be that stupid."
"We've already thought of that, but we have no choice.”
The Kaiser stared at Abraham Lincoln’s portrait across from his desk. Shard knew that when the big man talked to Honest Abe, something was about to erupt.
"When are you going to interview Tiny?" he asked.
"Tomorrow morning at eleven at the Albany barracks."
"I’ll go with you." 
Shard almost fell out of his chair. What had Lincoln said?
"Pardon, Sir?" 
"The glass is rising, tomorrow is going to be beautiful, and I haven't been out in the field for years. I've been itching to get in on a little action. Besides, it'd be nice to escape from this office. What do you say?"
"Yes, Sir." Shard wondered what had brought this aberration on? He looked to Lincoln for help, but the president seemed quite satisfied just to hang there, wart and all. If I were a cynic, Shard thought, I'd put this sudden burst of energy down to the Kaiser's desire to get his picture in the paper for solving the case. Sheriffs everywhere do it without a qualm, but the Kaiser wasn't like that, though he'd probably relish his mug on the Sun-Times' front page. Besides, he knows our chances of busting this one in Albany tomorrow are practically nil, which leaves the same question, why?
"I told Cooper I'd come early to get our pitches straight before Tiny arrives. So I plan to leave earlier than you might expect."
"You know I'm an early bird. I like to get out before dawn to get a good grip on the weather."
"Around eight then?"
"Perfect. Pick me up here."
"Have a nice day, Lieutenant," Hilda said. Shard wondered if she'd been talking to Lincoln too. 
The world’s upside down today, Shard thought, as he walked down to his office. Witry tells the truth, the Kaiser moves, the mob kills women, Hilda cracks a joke, Lincoln talks.
Thursday Afternoon
Shard stopped at Johnsen and Periwinkle’s office and said, "Get a search warrant for Misty’s apartment, or wherever she lived. Go back down to Smytheville this afternoon to take a look at it. Talk to the chief. Nose around and see what you can find. I suspect Spinello was involved in the killing, but we have zero evidence to support it. Oh yeah, go over to Doc’s and see if he’s finished with the autopsy. Ask him to translate it into English, will you? That ought to get his dander up for the day. Also, check to see what happened to the fellow charged with loitering last week on the coldest night of the year. I think that stinks.”

CHAPTER 11: THE SOLUTION
Thursday Afternoon
Johnsen and Periwinkle met Chief Perkins in his office. They showed him their search warrant and asked him to come along with them. Her small, one-bedroom apartment was several blocks up from Landry’s law office on the second floor over a block of small shops. Johnsen picked the door lock, and they entered to find a sparsely furnished living room, meticulously clean, with everything neatly arranged.
“Doesn’t look anything like Landry’s place, does it?” Periwinkle said.
“It also appears,” Johnsen said, “that she wasn’t murdered in here, or if she was, she didn’t put up much of a fight.”
“Or, the murderer cleaned up after he was done,” the chief said.
The kitchen was just as tidy, no dirty dishes left in the sink, even a clean, patterned tablecloth with a leaf and vine motif over the kitchen table. They looked into the bedroom and bath saw that Misty was as orderly there as in the public areas of her apartment.
“See any blood?” Periwinkle asked.
“No, I thought the same thing. There should be lots of blood around wherever she was murdered judging from her corpse. No tell-tale signs of it in the toilet or sink,” Johnsen said.
“You guys take the front room and kitchen, and I’ll go through her bedroom,” Periwinkle said.
Johnsen opened Misty’s refrigerator and found a couple of beers, milk, eggs, and nothing else. “Looks something like mine,” he said to the chief, “except that my food usually has a covering of mold over it. But, I don’t think she was a gourmet cook, unless she could manage a tasty breakfast of eggs, milk, and beer.”
Periwinkle went through Mistry’s closet and dresser drawers and discovered that the woman was as neurotically careful with her personal things as she was with everything else. A drawer in the side table next to the bed was crammed with bills and other papers, but Periwinkle found no letters or postcards, not even a shopping list, or a scribbled, enigmatic note, “Meet me at the usual at 11.” She walked around the bed to the other end table that had no drawer, only a clock radio and a picture on top. The picture faced the bed. Periwinkle turned it towards her and saw a full-length photo of man – an Indian, judging by his facial features, dressed in a plaid shirt and light-colored slacks. “Well, well,” she said aloud. “What have we here?” 
She rejoined the chief and Johnsen in the living room and glanced around. She saw no personal pictures anywhere, just a few prints of flowers on the walls and one of a generic waterfall at sunset.
“Look what I found,” Periwinkle said, and showed the two men the photograph.
The chief said, “Looks like an Indian to me.”
“Yeah,” Johnsen agreed, “but I think I know who the Indian is, although the photo is a bit out of focus. That’s Johnny Littlejohn, I bet.”
“I thought so too, Norseman,” Periwinkle said. “But why would she have his picture next to her bed? And notice it’s the only photo in the apartment. Didn’t she have parents? Siblings? A pet? Someone? It’s strange, don’t you think?”
“Now that you mention it, I agree,” Johnsen said. “Don’t girls usually fill their places with photos of everyone they know, or posters of rock stars or something?”
Periwinkle shot him a look of displeasure. “I don’t.”
Johnsen couldn’t argue. She had never invited him inside her apartment.
Back at the police station Periwinkle gave the chief a receipt and kept the picture. “I’m hungry,” she said. “Why don’t we catch a bite before we go back to Leyden.”
“Great idea. Why don’t we go to The Lounge where we can ask about Misty while we eat? Kill two birds with one stone, so to speak.” They laughed, glad that Shard wasn’t there.
“Try their hot dogs,” the chief said.
The Lounge was exactly what they expected. The lull before the evening crowd, a couple of rummies nursing their beers at a table near the window, dark paneled walls, twenty-watt light bulbs, tables with rickety wooden straight-backed chairs, and photographs everywhere of the town’s high school sports teams. Johnsen wandered over to read the caption under one, “Smytheville, 1948 basketball team.” He counted seven players, all white and, and from the looks of them, pathetically short. They would have loved to have me on that team, he thought.
They sat at the bar and ordered the hot dog deluxe as advised. When the bartender brought them their food, they identified themselves, and Johnsen asked, “Did you know Misty Sanders?”
“Oh sure. She was a regular. Nice girl. A hairdresser, you know. It was really sad, what happened to her. The world is going to hell when you can get murdered here.”
Periwinkle wondered if that meant it was all right to get murdered somewhere else.
“Ever have any trouble with her?” Johnsen asked.
“Nah. She was popular with the guys. But they never fought over her or anything. And she got along with the other girls, especially Candyce, the one with the big boobs. Oh, sorry miss.”
“That’s quite all right,” Periwinkle said. “She never argued or fought with this Candyce?”
“Not that I ever saw.”
“Did she have a special boyfriend?” Periwinkle asked.
“I don’t think so. She often left with a guy, but different ones, you know?”
“Did she ever come in with one? Maybe the same one several times?” Periwinkle asked, around a mouthful of bun, kraut, hot dog, onions, and mustard.
“You know it’s funny you should ask. Several months ago, she came in one night with an Arab, or something. Wasn’t from hereabouts. I’d have known him. Nobody came over and talked to him. They had a couple of beers and left. Never saw him again.”
Periwinkle dug into her purse and brought out the photo from Misty’s nightstand. “This the fellow?”
The barkeep squinted, tilted the picture, and finally walked down the bar to better light. He looked at it for a long time.
“Well, it’s kind of blurry, but it might be the Arab. I can’t swear to it though.”
“Thanks,” Periwinkle said.
Friday Morning
Many spirits are now present, (the prophetess) said, which 
were charmed to hear the singing, and which previously had
tried to shun us and would grant us no obedience. And now many things stand revealed to me which before were hidden both from me and from others.
(Eirik’s   Saga, Chpt. 4)
The Kaiser was talkative on the ride to Albany, but he was far from treating the trip as a vacation. For the hundredth time he explained, very carefully, as if Shard were a slow thinker, his problems with the upcoming election. Everything looked bleak: not enough money, competent opponent, public apathy, the casino upheaval, and the probability that the weather would be perfect on Election Day which would bring out the voters who didn’t care, and they'd all cast ballots for his opponent. Shard was thoroughly depressed by the time he parked behind the barracks.
He introduced his boss to Copper.
"You know that Donohoo has demanded that his lawyer be present," Copper said.
“I’m not surprised. If you were Spinello, would you send this guy into our clutches unarmed?"
"No."
Shard explained that they had two murders now, and what they hoped to learn.
"You don't have much leverage on him." 
“We know that," Shard replied, "but we might be quicker than him or his lawyer and get something. We have to try.”
Copper brought them both coffees, the first time Shard could remember that Copper had ever bought. He must be impressed with the Kaiser, Shard thought. The coffee was as bad as he remembered, but the Kaiser enjoyed it. He quaffed his quickly and asked Copper for another. Copper's eyes seemed to ask, “I have to buy you two?”
When Copper returned with Kaiser's coffee, he said, "I had Tiny put in our most congenial interview room, the pea green one with the window that looks out on the brick wall. We find the ambiance calms them down." 
When Tiny was ushered into the room, Shard was surprised at just how large he was. He was huge, bigger than the Kaiser. The three of them stared at Tiny. Shard described him to Periwinkle and Johnsen as over six feet cubed, six high, six wide, and six thick. He was not blubber, but not exactly muscle either. He was a solid looking fat man. 
He’s also unhappy to be here, thought Shard. The sides of his mouth curved down almost to the bottom of his chin. For such a large man, he had narrow slits for eyes that gave him almost an Asian look. After Shard introduced everyone, to whom Tiny responded with a forceful "unh" each time, he sneaked a look behind the door to see if the lawyer was hiding there. He wasn't.
As Tiny gingerly eased himself down on a chair that looked much too fragile to hold him, he said, "my lawyer ain't here, and I ain't going to say nothing until he gets here."
"That's fine. We can sit and stare at one another until he arrives. Or, we can make small talk," Shard said as Copper slowly closed the door.
"Small talk?" Tiny asked.
"Yeah, stuff like where were you born? Where did you go to school? What did your father do for a living? That kind of stuff."
"I was born here. Been here all my life. I went to St. Mark's until I dropped out. My father never worked nowhere. He was a bum. My mother worked hard though. She had eleven kids, if you count me."
"What have you been doing since you left St. Marks?" Tiny didn't seem to realize he was talking.
"Worked around, did stuff, had fun."
“You like the job you have now?"
"Yeah, Mr. Spinello is a good guy."
"What do you do for him?" 
"Stuff, what he wants."
Tiny suddenly looked up from the table in front of him and seemed surprised to see people around him. "Where's my lawyer? I ain't supposed to say nothing 'til he gets here. I ain't going to talk no more. I don't have to. Mr. Spinello told me that. He don't lie to me."
Copper sifted his weight from one leg to the other as he leaned against the wall. The Kaiser never blinked or moved. He looked settled squarely in the sweet spot on his chair that appeared Lilliputian under him. He stared at Tiny. Shard thought maybe he was sizing him up as a potential voter.
"We aren't questioning you, Mr. Donohoo." Shard figured the Mr. might puff Tiny up. “The only question we want to ask you, you could answer quickly and be out of here."
"What question?" 
Shard noticed that Tiny hadn’t asked why he was here. Either he's as thick as Mrs. O’s vanilla pudding or he knows it's because he killed Landry, and maybe Misty as well. 
"We want to know where you were Sunday night a week ago."
"Last Sunday?" 
"No, the one before that, when we got our first snow and it was so cold."
"Oh, that one, yeah, that was a bad night."
Landry would agree with that, Shard thought.
"Would you tell us where you were Mr. Donohoo?" 
"I can't remember.” Shard was half convinced that might just be true.
"Think. It was cold and it snowed. You took Mr. Spinello's red Lincoln out for a drive that night."
"Oh, yeah. Me and Tony."
"Right. Where did you go?"
Tiny stared at the tabletop seemingly in deep thought. Nobody moved. Shard prayed the lawyer wouldn't burst into the room and yell, “Shut up”! 
"Do I got to tell you?" 
"No, you don't, but we'd sure like to hear.”
"Me and Tony had a date."
"Who was she?" 
Almost in a whisper, he said "Sheila."
"Sheila who?"
"Sheila McManus."
"Both of you had a date with Sheila?"
"Nope, she had a friend for Tony."
"What was her name?"
"I don't remember. She was a real dog. Tony didn't care though."
"Where did you guys go?"
"Sheila's house."
"Oh. How long were you there.”?
Tiny scanned the fascinating tabletop again.
"All night."
'You never left her house all night?"
"Nope."
"Where did you meet Sheila?"
"She works for Mr. Spinello. She meets people at the door."
This is akin to pulling fingernails, Shard thought. 
"What door?"
"Little Italy, where did ya think?"
"I guess I didn't," Shard said.
 His story stinks, he thought. Spinello prepped him. 
“Do you know Misty Sanders?”
“Who?”
“Misty Sanders. She lived in Smytheville.”
“Nah. Is that in New York?”
“Yes, south of Leyden. Could you tell me where you were last Monday night?”
Tiny stared at the tabletop as if his reply were etched on it.
“Monday?”
“Yes.”
“Me and Tony had a date with Sheila. Went to her house and ate pizza.”
“The same Sheila?” Shard asked.
“Yah.”
As Shard pondered his next question, the Kaiser heaved himself out of his chair and walked out of the room. His exit broke the spell. If Tiny realized that the Kaiser could leave, he might figure out that he could too. Shard was afraid the interview was almost over.
"Have you ever heard of a man named Samuel Landry?"
Tiny seemed to sink well back behind his eyes.
"Who?"
"Samuel Landry. Was a business associate of Mr. Spinello.”
"Nope. He don't let me hang around his buddies."
I'll bet, thought Shard. You'd scare them to death.
"You didn't take him for a ride the Sunday night you say you spent with Sheila? Maybe rough him up a little for Mr. Spinello. On the Thruway, behind the gas station? Any of this sound familiar?"
Tiny shifted in his seat, the first sign of agitation or, Shard hoped, recognition that we have his number.
"What the hell you talking about, mister?"
"You were seen on the Thruway at the Schuyler rest area hitting Mr. Landry. We have an eyewitness."
"You don't got no eyewitness. Me and Sheila were eatin’ pizza at my house all night."
"I thought you said you and Tony were at her house all night."
"Same difference."
Whatever that means, Shard thought.
"Later that Sunday night you almost ran over a kid making snow angels in the middle of the street in Leyden. You got mad and jumped out of the car and swore at him. Remember that?"
"I didn't hit no kid, nowhere."
"I know you didn't hit him. You almost did.”
“No, I almost didn’t.”
What the hell does that mean? Shard pondered.
"The kid recognized your photo. He says it was you."
"We was at Sheila's eatin’ pizza."
"All night? How big was the pizza?"
Tiny glared at Shard and then suddenly pushed himself out of his chair. “I don’t gotta listen to this stuff. I’m getting outta of here,” he shouted as he hurried across the room. 
His quickness and agility were rare in a man so big, Shard thought.
"The hell with you guys," he said as he flung the door open and smashed into the Kaiser, who was headed towards the door. Both released deep-seated “umpfs,” as they collided belly to belly like a couple of sumo wrestlers, two immense objects, both in motion, neither suspecting the other was there. The Kaiser won. Tiny’s eyes opened wide as he staggered backwards and collapsed to the floor. 
"What the?" was all he could muster. The Kaiser, either self-satisfied at his first physical victory in decades or so out of breath he was unable to speak, stood over his vanquished opponent with a huge smile.
"Sorry," he said.
It took Tiny longer to get off the floor than it did for him to get on it. “I’ll call my lawyer. We'll sue youse for hurting me. You can't do this stuff to me."
"Maybe you ought to look where you're going, the next time," Shard said. He hoped Tiny didn't decide to vent his wrath on a skinny opponent.
Tiny listed out of the door, his ego more bruised than his posterior. 
Friday Noon
"How'd you boys like that?" the Kaiser said, as he took his seat. "That's old fashioned police work. Knock ‘em over."
"You were impressive," Copper said. "Good footwork."
The Kaiser wondered if Copper was making fun of him. 
"I think we got more out of Tiny than we had any right to expect," Shard said.
"Just what do you think you got?" Copper asked. "Nothing you can take into court. He didn't incriminate himself or Spinello. I didn't get anything that will please my captain."
"True, but we're pretty sure he’s got a bogus alibi, set up by Spinello. Tiny ain't that smart, to use his favorite verb. And Sheila works for Spinello too, so he can manipulate both. We did catch Tiny up in his confusion over where they ate all that pizza.”
"I agree," the Kaiser said. "The whole thing was a pack of lies. It's too pat, for both murders."
"Did you notice that when I mentioned Landry,” Shard said, “Tiny got agitated? He knew we had the goods on him. The only thing he could think to do was run. He's the type that reacts physically to situations. I'll bet he was a bully in school."
"The most telling thing to me," Copper said, "is that he never asked why we brought him in. That tells me he already knew. He should’ve asked and looked shocked when we told him it was murder. Maybe two of them. That's what most do, and it's a pretty good defense. But not Tiny. Maybe he's never been innocent.”
"Could you do me one more favor, Copper?" Shard asked. "Would you get someone to talk to Sheila McManus to find out where she was on that Sunday? I’ll bet she'll support Tiny's alibi, but it's a loose end we have to pull. And could you have somebody check Tony Krepska to see where he says he was that night? He probably won't remember what house he was in either, but if he says he wasn’t with Tiny, I'll buy you a new snowmobile helmet."
"I don't have a snowmobile." 
"Oh." Shard smiled.
"Even so, I'll have someone check for you and send you the bill at the end of the month for my new snowmobile." 
"Be sure to. The boss buys a new Arctic Cat for anyone who helps us.” 
"It's time to get out of here," the Kaiser said.
"Would you mind if we took in a little fresh air while I smoke. I need one after that."
"Sure." The Kaiser was always one to bask in weather he had created.
Friday Afternoon
Shard unfastened the car’s overhead light lens and took out a Camel. “It’s almost lunch time," he said. 
"I noticed that. Any ideas?" the Kaiser asked.
"If you’re willing to wait a little longer, I have a friend this side of Saratoga Springs who runs a nice little place. I bet if I call her, she'll work up something special for us.” He had the Kaiser's complete attention. 
"I can wait." 
On the phone, Shard begged Ruth for anything that would please the Kaiser enough to give Shard a raise so he could afford a car with windows. 
She laughed, "Bring him on."
Ruth gave Shard a warm hug when he walked in. She gushed over the Kaiser, mentioning all the good things Shard had told her about him. Shard couldn't remember that he’d ever said anything about the Kaiser except that he was fat, but the sheriff bloated at the praise. He looked forward to replenishing the calories he’d expended in tipping Tiny over. 
Ruth took them to a table where she had placed a little handwritten card that said “reserved.” The Kaiser was tickled.
After she brought them two Utica Clubs and promised lunch soon, Shard and the Kaiser rehashed what little they had learned until, with perfect timing, Rose appeared with two Italian sausage tunnel sandwiches on homemade Italian rolls. 
They savored them in silence. I owe Ruth one, Shard thought. The food is so good the Kaiser hasn't regaled me once about his reelection troubles. Shard debated whether to order a dozen more for the drive back.
As he ate, Shard considered where Tiny's alibi left him. He was sure Tiny killed Landry, and perhaps Misty as well, but if the kings and their thugs, Tiny, Tony, and Sheila, stuck to their alibis, Shard was never going to get any of them into court. He really wanted Spinello, but he was the most protected of the bunch. Kings always were. Like Brian Boru and Sigtrygg, they usually stayed out of the battles. Even if Tiny confessed Spinello ordered him to do it, a prosecutor would have a tough time securing a conviction. Spinello was a lot sharper than Tiny, and jurors would be more impressed with his denial than with Tiny's accusations. He wouldn't fare much better than Luke on the stand. 
"How about some coffee, Boss?" 
"Fine. She doesn't happen to have a piece of homemade pie, does she?"
"I'll ask." 
Ruth’s mention of coconut cream pie put the silly grin back on the Kaiser's face. Shard ordered coffee and his “usual.” Ruth brought the sheriff his pie and Shard his Camel. 
"You know, Boss, we know who killed Landry at least, but we’re never going to bring Spinello, Tiny, and Tony to court. We might be able to exploit the discrepancies in their alibis, but even they aren't stupid enough to give us anything that's prosecutable." Shard wondered if there really was such a word.
"But I have a responsibility to see that justice is done. Those guys left the corpse, maybe two, in my bailiwick," the Kaiser said.
"I agree. But do you see how we can do it?”
"Not right now." 
"I’m afraid that the Misters will murder Witry. He tried to steal from them too. Those guys don't leave loose ends. If they kill Witry, it's in our jurisdiction, although we can legitimately argue that Landry's murder wasn't. That doesn't make the crime any less heinous, but it does alter our legal and moral obligations."
"I think you're hard at work to rationalize our failure, Lieutenant." 
"Maybe, but I'm trying to lay out the context for my best-possible-ending scenario."
"You have one? Without bringing the murderers to justice? This I’ve got to hear."
"I didn't say it was the best scenario, just the best possible."
"Let me be the judge of that." 
"The way I see it, we need at least four things to happen. I talk to Littlejohn, the ULC people, and Witry, and arrange for Witry and his fictitious front man, R.E. Lee, to sell ULC the Opydyke farm for exactly what Witry paid for it, $100,000. That way Witry is chastened, his scheme is busted, he makes no profit, but he's not left with a huge debt that might lead him to do something stupid. The ULC gets its land and sells it to the casino commission. The Mohawks get what they want at about half of what they would have had to pay if Landry and Witry's scam had worked. And Ottinger gets his loan repaid. How's that sound?"
"You said this had four steps. That's a good start." 
"That doesn't protect Witry's life, and there has to be some justice here, Boss." 
"So where's the justice to Landry?"
"He's not going to get any. But Landry's $100,000 note was unsecured, a personal loan made by the 1st National Bank of Albany, the same bank that sent Witry money in Lee's name to buy the land. It's also the same bank that holds the mortgages on the Misters’ businesses. Common sense tells me that the Misters have an in at the bank, and I suspect Landry used his connection with his employers, probably without their knowing it, to secure his loan. Or he got it through Pipi's uncle in Utica. I don't know, but I do know he ain't going to repay it, to steal Tiny's favorite verb again. What can the bank do? It can sue Landry's estate, but most of its held in trust for his kids. The bank can put two and two together to figure out that Landry was in cahoots with the Misters and pressure them to repay the loan. If they don’t or can’t, at the very least their credit at the 1st National, and probably all other banks around Albany, is shot to hell and that might put a crimp in some of their activities."
"I like your thinking, but I suspect you are on pretty thin ground. Why won't the Misters simply threaten the bankers? Like they did Landry?"
"Landry was a lone wolf in the boondocks. The bankers are much slicker. My guess is the Misters recognize men who are not easily intimidated."
"Maybe. Go on." 
"The third step is for you, Boss."
"Excuse me gentleman," Ruth said. Shard liked the “gentleman” part.
"Would you like some more coffee or pie?" 
Shard watched the Kaiser wrestle with his instincts. His common sense won, however, and he ordered coffee. Shard asked for the same and another ‘usual.’ Ruth glowered, but honored both his requests.
Shard realized that they were the only customers left in the Iroquois. 
"I noticed that you mentioned off-handedly to me that the casino people promised you a large campaign contribution. You also said that Witry had made the offer. I assume he spoke for the corporation and not the Mohawks because I don't think Littlejohn would've used him. Nevertheless, if we work this right, the casino people will fall all over themselves to give you the money. I'll explain to Littlejohn what we have done to keep the casino corporation’s land costs down. We've saved them a great deal more than they probably offered to contribute. I'll make that very clear to Littlejohn. Therefore, it is intuitively obvious, as calculus textbooks in my day were wont to say, that they ought to be able to afford more than Witry offered you in the first place. For insurance, I'll remind Witry of his promise to you and explain it will be worth his while to keep it."
"You've lost me. Why would it be worth Witry's while? He's lucky to be alive and solvent." 
"That’s why step four is so critical." 
He had the Kaiser's full attention. He had had it from his first mention of the campaign contribution.
“And that would be?” the sheriff asked.
"I'll talk to the Misters and warn them that we and the State Police know that they, or at least Tiny, on Spinello’s orders, killed Landry. I’ll mention Misty as well, although I’m not as sure about her. I will explain to them with great care, that if so much as a hair on Witry's weaselly head is mussed -- ever -- we will come down on them. We'll get our friends in the New York tax authority to comb their personal and business returns with magnifying glasses. We'll make their lives perfectly miserable."
"I like that, a little justice, huh?" The Kaiser smiled without any food in sight.
"They understand threats; they make enough of them. And they know we can make their lives hell even if we can't make any charges stick. I think they’ll leave Witry alone. If I were Spinello, I'd hire a bodyguard to make sure that Witry didn't hurt himself.” 
The Kaiser stared at his half empty coffee cup. "All that still leaves me with a big problem."
"What's that?"
"What do I tell the press about our investigation? Even if all of your proposals succeed, we still have an unsolved capital crime on our books. That won't look good during the election. I can just hear my opponent babble about the murder spree in the county."
Shard noticed the “we.”
"I’ve thought about that too, Boss. You’ve got to get out ahead of that charge."
The Kaiser arched his eyebrows.
"Call a press conference early next week."
"A press conference to tell the public that we can't solve this crime? Or the murder in Smytheville? That we give up on them? That we traded justice for keeping Witry alive? Or worse, we've covered it up so I can take a nice campaign contribution with an easy conscience?"
"No, no, Boss, you're looking at it all wrong. You tell the press the truth, the unvarnished truth."
"The truth? The truth is nobody will be tried for Landry or Misty’s murder. My job is to collect enough evidence to bring the killer to trial."
"I know that, Boss, but here's the truth. We have evidence that a person or persons from out of town killed Landry and probably Misty. Explain that Landry’s murder took place outside of your county, probably in Oneida. Then you tell them that we are working closely with the authorities in Smytheville, Oneida County, and Albany to develop a case against persons of interest. Explain that they are prominent persons in their hometowns, but you will not rest until you bring them to justice. The best part is that your press conference further threatens the Misters. It’ll reinforce what I've already told them."
"But that’s not the whole truth." 
"Sure it is. Justice comes in many guises. We have come up with a scenario we hope punishes the killers the most. I think county voters will be happy to learn the whole thing originated somewhere else and that you and the department are innocent victims. You are the good guy. Mohawk Countians are good guys. The bad guys are from somewhere else, and you're keeping them out of the county and hounding them where they live. The cases may be legally unresolved, but you and your trusted deputies solved them and will help law enforcement officers elsewhere to bring the guilty to trial."
"Weeeeell." Shard had never heard one syllable stretched quite that far. "It does make a certain sense." 
"Even better, it is the truth, Boss. It shows that you and the department are on the ball. I like it. The voters will like it too."
The Kaiser didn't mention his reelection woes on the ride back. 
Friday Evening
While the Kaiser sat mulling over the pros and cons of Shard’s plan, a large maroon car pulled out of Little Italy’s parking lot and headed towards Leyden.
“This is nuts,” Tony said. “It ain’t worth it. We’re going to get our asses in a jam. I ain’t going to spend the rest of my life in some damned jail in Leyden.”
“Oh, calm down. Mr. S. said it’d be okay. We’re only going to scare this guy. He ain’t going to cheat the boss no more. Mr. S. told me what to do,” Tiny said.
“Sure. He told you last time too, and you killed the damned guy. Stupid. We’re lucky we ain’t in jail now. If it wasn’t for Mr. S., we’d be sleeping in some crummy cell.” 
“Shut the hell up, will you? Mr. S. knows what he’s doing, and I sure as hell ain’t going to kill this turd. Mr. S. knows I didn’t mean to kill that other guy. It happened. He ain’t even mad at me.” 
As they drove up Tilden Avenue, Tiny said, ”At least it ain’t snowin’ and that idiot kid ain’t laying in the road like last time.”
“Yeah. You almost ran over the little shit. That would’ve made two that night. Mr. S. wouldn’t been happy.”
“Where the hell’s Witry’s office?” Tiny asked. “Mr. S. wrote it down for ya. Read it.”
Tony read it slowly. “Do ya want me to read it again?” 
“What the hell do ya think I am, stupid? I can remember it.”
“Geez, Tiny, it’s near the sheriff’s office. This ain’t a good idea.” 
“Mr. S. thinks it’s okay. It’s dark. We won’t see the guys I talked to yesterday. There’s Witry’s door. Get your ass out and let’s go.”
Witry’s outside door was unlocked for the residents who lived in the apartments on the upper floors. They trudged up the stairs to Witry’s office door. It was locked.
“Now what, Tiny?” 
“What the hell ya think? We bust the damned thing in. We’re supposed to warn him. So you bust it.”
Tony took a little hop and shattered the door’s glass with his foot.
“Nice,” Tiny said. “Now knock them little pieces out for me.”
Tiny reached in and unlocked the door.
“Shitty place, ain’t it?” Tony said, echoing Shard’s sentiments.  
Tony repeated his gymnastics on Witry’s inner office door.
“Throw everything on the floor,” Tiny said, “and then kick it around.”
“This is fun, Tiny, but I wish the lawyer was here. I wanna knock him around. That’s what Mr. S. wants too.”
“Let’s go. We’ll find the bugger at his house. Read me the directions and try to read faster, will ya? We’ll be outta town before you get done.”
Tony couldn’t read any faster, but Tiny said nothing as he followed the directions. Tiny cased Witry’s place from the car.
“No lights. Think the bastard’s home?” Tiny asked.
“Maybe he’s in the rack.”
“Hell, it ain’t but nine o’clock. Who’s in bed this early?”
Tiny turned out his lights, drove up Witry’s driveway, and parked in the turn-around behind the house. The back door was locked.
“Boy, this guy’s stupid,” Tony said. “He’s got glass in his doors here too.”
“So why are we standing out here freezing our asses off?” Tiny asked. 
Tony smashed his booted foot through the window, and they went inside. 
“Damned guy ain’t here. He’s got to be someplace,” Tony said.
“Shut up. Throw everything on the floor, and let’s get the hell outta here.”
To save time, they only trashed the downstairs.
“Now what?” Tony asked. “Mr. S. said to rough the bastard up. Where is he?”
“How the hell would I know? Ya think I’m Harold Einstein or somethin’? Let me think.”
“Okay, but think fast. Did I ever tell you I’m scared of the dark?” 
“Shut up.” 
“You’re right,” Tiny said. “Mr. S. ain’t goin’ to be happy if we don’t belt this guy a couple of times and break something he don’t use much.”
“So, what are we going to do?”
“We’ll park near his office and wait.”
“He’s a lawyer, Tiny. He don’t work late.”
“Got a better idea?” 
“No.”
Tiny parked a short distance from Witry’s office. Before he turned off the ignition, he spotted a man standing in Witry’s doorway. The guy was looking up and down the street, his head rotating back and forth as if he were watching a tennis match. When he saw the car, he stepped out on the sidewalk and walked in the opposite direction. A half a block up the street he broke into a run.
“Is that Witry?” Tony asked.
“How the hell would I know? I ain’t never seen him. After I hit ‘em, I’ll know him. Get after him. I ain’t as fast as you.”
Tony walked as fast as he dared. He didn’t want to attract attention. About two blocks ahead, Witry glanced over his shoulder and stumbled over a crack in the pavement. He went down hard on one knee and thrust his hands out in front of him to break his fall. 
His palms were all scraped and hurt like hell, but he could hear the guy getting closer. Witry got up and took a step towards the street, but his knee gave out, and he fell again. He gave his bloody knee a quick rub, got up, and gingerly put weight on it. It held, but he knew he couldn’t outrun his pursuer. He braced himself between two parked cars and limped into the street.
Tony saw him, ran into the street a half a block behind Witry, and put on a burst of speed. Witry had gone lame. He had him. Witry had taken three steps into street when a car came over the slight rise barreling straight at him. The lawyer froze. The driver laid on his horn, stood on his brakes, and tried to swerve out of the way. The car came so close to Witry that its wake rippled the torn cloth at his knee like flags. The driver hurled imprecations at the damned fool who was stupid enough to stand in the middle of the street in the dark. Witry hadn’t moved a muscle.
When Tony saw the car, he jumped back on the curb and stood as still as Witry. He didn’t want the car to hit Witry. That was his job, and he savored it. 
Witry limped across the street into a grocery store parking lot. 
As soon as the car passed, Tony broke into a run. He didn’t want to lose the lawyer in the lot or the store. Tiny would be mad, and Mr. S. would kill them. Tony crossed the street just in time to see Witry, who couldn’t run any farther, duck down behind a car. 
“I’ve got ya, ya bastard,” Tony wheezed.
Friday Evening
Back home from Albany, Shard poured himself three tall fingers of his house single malt, retrieved a Camel from the box of wooden matches on his fireplace mantle, and went out to his barn to start his Morgan. He had just pulled up his stool to clean the chrome spokes on the car’s wheels, when Johnsen and Periwinkle burst into the barn.
“Wait until you see what we have for you,” Johnsen said. 
“You’re not going to believe this,” Periwinkle added. “You really aren’t,” and told him what they found in Smytheville.
Shard leaned back and processed the information.
“She had a picture of Littlejohn next to her bed? I can’t believe it. Let me see it, will you?”
He stared at it for several minutes.
“It’s not the best picture I’ve ever seen, but I agree, that could be Johnny. Let’s assume it is. What would he be doing with Misty? Or, she with him? They make an odd couple.”   
“I don’t know,” Periwinkle said.
“Well, there’s only one way to find out,” said Shard. “I’ll talk to Johnny tomorrow. Let me keep the photo and think about this.”
“Meet me in my office in the morning.”
Johnsen started to object that tomorrow was Saturday, but Periwinkle’s sharp prod with her elbow cut him off before he released a sound.

CHAPTER 12: THE "ARAB" & WITRY
Saturday Morning
We two slept beneath
Together in one bed, 
(The Saga of the Volsungs, Nornageststbattr, Chpt.9)
Shard picked up his train of thought with his sergeants the following morning without preface. “Remember when I told you that I’d seen Misty somewhere. Well, I lay awake in bed last night thinking about it, when it suddenly hit me. She was the girl in the photo on Johnny’s desk. But in that picture, she was a brunette, and that threw my always-retentive memory off kilter. I asked him about it when I was there and he claimed it was his niece, Tami Nickleforth. Her name was so odd it stuck in my mind. Now, I’ve never heard of her, but that doesn’t mean anything. I want you guys to find her. Preferably a photo of her. I don’t want to see Johnny until I check her out. Okay?”
In a few minutes Periwinkle was back with the information.
“There is a Tami Nickleforth in the county. I can’t prove she’s Littlejohn’s niece, but I have a copy of her high school yearbook picture and one that the Sun-Times printed three years ago when she was the queen at the Native American Ball.”
She handed the photographs to Shard.
“What’s this, a joke?” He asked. “She has black hair and must weight 200 pounds. She doesn’t look anything like the girl in the photo on Johnny’s desk.”
“The girl on the desk wasn’t his niece, at least not this one. Maybe you heard her name wrong.”
“How could I screw up a moniker like Tami Nicklejohn?” Shard asked.
“It’s Nickleforth, Boss.”
“Right. Now tell me what this means.”
“At the very least, Johnny lied to you,” Periwinkle said.
“Good start. Why?”
“He doesn’t want you to associate him with Misty.”
“Yup. But does that necessarily mean that he killed her?”
Periwinkle thought about that for a moment.
“No, not at all. They could have been good friends, and they exchanged pictures. They could have been cousins. Littlejohn might have been her Godfather. Who knows? But when he heard somebody killed her, he put her photo away.”
Shard got up, pulled the filing cabinet away from the wall, and took off the Camel that was taped to its back.
“Do any of those explanations ring right with you?” he asked Periwinkle. “I’m hung up with why he was involved with a woman who was not a Mohawk, not even an Indian” Shard continued. “He’s a tribal leader, after all. He’s known for his defense of Indian rights.”
“Native American rights, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Right. Why would he have this non-Indian’s picture prominently displayed on his desk? Unless he loved her, I mean, really loved her. His first wife, whom he divorced, was an Indian as I remember. If he marries an Indian the first time, does that mean he gets a free pass on ethnicity his second time around?”
“I don’t know, Boss.”
“Neither do I. It doesn’t work that way for Jews, I think. But I’m getting off the track here. Let’s assume he loved her. Then why did he kill her? Because he discovered she slept with Landry? We know that only because the Norseman was there when Candyce found out. But how did Littlejohn find out? I can’t imagine Misty called him and confessed her relationship with a lawyer who was selling Littlejohn’s casino outfit land. That’s getting a little close. So, who’s the rat fink here?”
“Well, it could have been any of the women who witnessed the brouhaha in the beauty parlor,” Periwinkle said. “But I wonder if any of them even knew his name. It doesn’t sound like something she’d broadcast around the town. And, if they did know him, why call to inform on her?”
“But remember, she did bring the Arab to the local watering hole,” Johnsen said.
“That’s true, assuming Littlejohn was the Arab,” Shard said. “So, the fink has to be?”
“It’s got to be Candyce then,” she concluded.
“If it was, then this might have been a crime of passion, and not connected to the Misters at all? That’s not how I had it figured,” Shard said.
“You may still be right, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“Only one way to find out.”
Shard scrabbled around on his desk until he came up with a sheet of notepaper. “Go to the horse’s mouth.”
Periwinkle though it best to let that cliché ease back to the barn.
Shard called Candyce at work, and asked if she knew Littlejohn.
“Littlewhat?”
“Littlejohn.”
“Is he, like, really little?”
“No, Candyce, he’s, like, an Indian,” Shard said. He didn’t mean to say that but couldn’t resist.
“I don’t know any Indians. They’re, like, not my type. Know what I mean?”
“Okay, another question. Did you tell anyone that Misty slept with Landry?”
“No. It would be, like, admitting that I let her steal my guy.”
“I understand. Thanks.”
“She denies she knows Littlejohn and wouldn’t tell about Landry’s connection with Misty because it was embarrassing. Now what?” Shard asked.
“She could by lying, Boss,” said Periwinkle.
“Yeah, or I could be wrong. Again. I have to talk to Littlejohn.”
Saturday Morning
Shard walked outside and looked up at the snow clouds scudding low across the town. He went across the street to his lamppost where he discovered his plastic bag was empty. “Damn,” he said, and walked over to the post office where he found a nice, round smoke waiting for him in box 359.
Littlejohn had promised over the phone to see him, but as Shard walked down to his office, he thought about how little evidence he had against Johnny. He had Misty’s indistinct picture of Johnny that might stand up in court. But if Candyce wouldn’t admit to telling Littlejohn about Landry’s affair with Misty, Shard had nothing else to use against him, not even circumstantial evidence. He could see if The Lounge’s bartender could pick Littlejohn out of a lineup and identify him as the Arab, but the very fact that he couldn’t tell the difference between an Arab and an Indian would not impress a jury. The best he could do, Shard concluded, was to put Littlejohn on his guard, maybe make him nervous. Not nervous enough, he hoped, to prompt Johnny to oppose the Kaiser’s campaign contribution though.
As near as Shard could tell, Littlejohn had not moved a whisker since their last meeting. Feet up on a cleared desk that Shard noticed instantly no longer had Misty’s photo on it, the Sun-Times in front of him, only the top of his head visible, he reminded Shard of a statue.
“Back again,” Shard said. “I have been a little bothered by that photo I saw on your desk that’s now gone. You told me that it was a picture of your niece, Tami Littlejohn, but –“
“No, Tami Nickleforth.” 
“Right,” Shard said. “Well, we did a little investigating and came up with two photos of Tami, and she was not the woman in that picture on your desk.”
“Sure, she was.”
“No, your Tami weighs about 200 pounds, and has black hair. The woman in that bikini was svelte and a brunette. Very different.”
“Your memory is bad,” Littlejohn said, as he lowered the paper enough so that Shard could see that his face was blanketed with an impassive Native American expression that reminded Shard of a posed 19th century Indian photo.
“Where is the photo now?” Shard asked.
“Tami wanted it back, and I gave it to her.”
“All right. Then let me ask you why Misty, a woman murdered in Smytheville, had your photograph next to her bed?”
Littlejohn searched Shard’s face for some indication of whether this was a practical joke.
“I don’t believe you,” he said. 
“Well, I have it right here. Take a look at it.”
Shard reached over the newspaper and handed the framed photo to Littlejohn, who examined it carefully.
“This isn’t me,” he said.
“Who is it then?” Shard asked.
“How would I know? Looks more like an Arab than a Mohawk.”
“Oh, come on, Johnny. Arab, my foot. I’ve known you since we were kids. That’s you.”
“Think whatever you want, Tom. It isn’t me. And, if it was, I wouldn’t have the slightest idea why she had it, unless she had something for good looking Mohawks.” Littlejohn gave Shard just a hint of a sly grin.
Shard recognized an impasse when he was in the middle of one.
“Okay, Johnny, but you haven’t convinced me. I still think that was Misty on your desk, and this one that was on her end table is you. I have a good memory for faces.”
“So do I, Tom. I know mine well. That isn’t me,” Littlejohn said.
Saturday Afternoon and Sunday
Shard took the rest of the weekend off. He shoveled his driveway for the first time since Landry's murder, replenished his pantry, bought some beer and scotch, did his laundry, and attacked the only bathroom he used. He even put out clean towels.
Ellen called, and they made a date for six thirty. The Cleveland Inn was almost as good as advertised, and Ellen was far better. They agreed that Mrs. O, on her really good nights, could compete with the Cleveland's chef, maybe not in presentation, but in taste and consistency. They discussed the Landry and Misty cases, and Shard bounced his proposed solution for Landry’s off her. He didn't understand why it mattered so much to him, but her approval made him feel better. 
On the way home, he asked, "Would you like to stop at my house?" 
"Sounds good," she said without hesitation.
Monday Morning
Hanging wet upon the wall,
Cloak knows of a plot;
Wet it will be evermore –
Cloak knows two plots to come.
(Laxdaela Saga, Chpt. 67)
When Shard arrived at his office, Periwinkle was already nestled in his chair. She looked at him for a long time before she said, "Boss, you look different this morning. Is something wrong? Or maybe something's right?"
Shard tried to figure out how to reply. He chose the safest one. "No." 
Before she had time to sort out his answer, Johnsen came in with three coffees and a cheery, "it’s a great day folks!"
"It certainly is," Shard said, and picked up his chair and carried it over to the door. He stood on it, removed the heating vent cover, and fished out a Camel covered with grayish-brown lint.
"How much time do you spend hiding those things? I don't see how you have time to do anything else," Periwinkle said.
"Have you ever seen me hide one?" 
"No." 
"There's your answer. They are just everywhere. I can't get away from them. Very clever little fellows they are too. They really like obscure niches."
Periwinkle thought that she and Johnsen should go through the department’s surveillance tapes to see where he put them, and then remove them. That would drive him crazy. It might be fun.
Shard declared that the Landry case was solved, and outlined his proposal. They nodded in agreement. He also told them about his talk with Littlejohn on Saturday and explained that he had little evidence against the man.
"I'd still like to haul those Albany guys into court," Periwinkle said. “We have two eyewitnesses, and we could at least nail Tiny on Landry’s killing."
"Our witnesses against Tiny in the Landry case wouldn’t stand up in the courtroom. Yeah, Mrs. Waters saw Tiny hit Landry, but her story leaves the impression that he was still struggling when Tiny threw him back into the car. And she's a jewel of a witness compared to Luke. Let's face it," Shard said, “we have to settle for what we can get. We want to keep Witry alive and the Kaiser happy and well financed. When the Kaiser gives me the go ahead, that's what I propose to do."
“Even if we settle the thing along the lines you propose,” Johnsen said, “I think we ought to keep both cases open and watch those guys."
"I haven't a problem with that," Shard said, "but my guess is we won't see them around here again."
"Do know what this settlement reminds me of?" Johnsen asked. They knew what was coming. Shard focused his most practiced neutral look, "What?"
"An Icelandic Althing's decision. In a world where law enforcement was non-existent, the Althing, usually the lawgiver, came up with creative definitions of justice to ensure that the aggrieved parties received some compensation. It wasn't a perfect system, but it held society together for three hundred years. That's what we've done. We can't get the killers in front of a jury, so we retrieve from the mess what we can and have to live with it. Maybe that's what holds the justice system together in this country."
“I like that, Johnsen. Maybe I'll present it to the Kaiser. I have to go to see him now. I'll be back.”
Even Hilda appeared to be in a better mood. "Hello, beautiful," Shard said.
She almost smiled and suggestively brushed her hair back with her right hand. Shard was stunned.
"Good morning, Lieutenant. The sheriff is waiting for you. Go on in," and she repeated the gesture. 
"No snow today,” the Kaiser said. That took care of the introductory pleasantries.
"Before you give me your decision, Sir, I want you to know that Copper called Saturday morning and told me Tony Krepska swore that he was with Tiny all night at Tiny's house. It's pretty obvious that he doesn’t know where they were supposed to have spent the night either. Copper found Sheila McManus, who claimed she and Tiny are an item and that he spent the night at her house that Sunday. The other little hitch in their alibi is that none of them remembers the name of Tony's date. Apparently, she was a friend of a friend or some such thing. The long and short of it is we can't track her down to see where she spent the night. Chief Perkins in Smytheville had his men out all weekend talking to shopkeepers and patrons of The Lounge to see if anyone saw or heard anything last Monday night. Nothing. He doesn’t even know where Misty was murdered. We’re not even certain it was on Monday, but I’m pretty sure it was. Periwinkle and Johnsen searched Misty’s apartment and found a photo of Johnny Littlejohn next to her bed. At least we think it’s him. And I think I saw a picture of Misty on Littlejohn’s desk last week. But Littlejohn denies everything and I don’t have enough evidence to arrest him. But, I’m pretty sure now that the Albany kings had nothing to do with Misty’s murder. And that’s where we stand on the cases. What did you think of my proposals?"
"I've thought of nothing else all weekend, and I’ve grown to like your suggestions. Go ahead with them and let me know when you have talked to everyone. Then I’ll call my news conference.” 
"Right, Boss. I'll get on it.”
Back in his office, Shard turned his wastebasket right side up and removed the Camel taped to its inside bottom. He dialed Spinello. He had to give the guy credit. He worked twenty-four hours a day. 
"I just want to tell you that we’ve wrapped up the Landry murder and probably Misty Sanders’ too,” Shard said, “and I have good news and bad news for you.”
“What the hell are you talking about? Whose murder?”
“Listen up. The good news is that we have saved your ULC lots of money. You can buy the Opydyke place from Witry, or rather R.E. Lee, for $100,000. Landry's $100,000 loan will be the bank's loss, however, unless you want to cover it. You can sell the farm to the casino company for whatever you can get.”
Spinello said nothing. 
"Now, for the bad news. And hear me out before you respond. We know that Tiny killed Landry, probably in Oneida County, and dumped him here. We think, however, that you didn't want Landry dead, just beaten and dumped on Witry's stoop as a warning to him to stop jerking you around. Tiny overdid it, panicked, and dumped Landry in the wrong place.”
Shard decided to throw another zinger at Little Italy’s owner.  “Now, I admit, I don’t know where Tiny killed Ms. Sanders, but we will find out."
"You're full of ...." 
"Hold up a minute, Mr. Spinello. Here's the deal. We’ve given our evidence to the state police and the Oneida County Sheriff's Department and asked that they keep an eye out for you, your ULC partners, and your pals. If you so much as muss a hair on Witry's head or threaten him in any way, we’ll be down on you guys like locusts in the Dakotas. You got that? We’ll use all our resources to make your lives miserable, starting with the tax agencies and working up. You will leave Witry alone. Period."
"You don’t have to worry about Witry none,” Spinello said. “But I don't like to be threatened. I don’t know what the hell you’re talking about. I don’t know no Misty somebody and barely knew Landry. I have friends in high places, and you’re going to hear from them.”
"I hope so, Mr. Spinello, because I’m keeping these cases open. Talk to all your friends in high places, but before you do, get Tiny, Tony, and Sheila on the same page with their alibis. They don't seem to remember the details you drummed into them."
Spinello slammed his phone down. He had, Shard thought, indirectly admitted his complicity in the murders. He hadn’t threatened to sue the department for libel. In fact, he hadn't even mentioned his lawyer.
While he was in a good mood, Shard left to talk to Witry. He saw Luke and Dizzy walk into the post office and waved to them. He decided he didn’t want to ruin a good day by sitting in Witry’s dank, dark office. He’d call him instead. 
Unable to reach Witry, Shard decided to walk down to Littlejohn’s office and give him the good news. Shard found him sitting exactly as he was on his last visit, feet up on a perfectly clean desk, reading the Sun-Times. Shard hoped it wasn’t the same edition.
“Morning, Johnny,” Shard said. “I have some good news for you. We’ve solved the Landry murder and have arranged it so that your casino corporation can purchase its land from the ULC for about a quarter of what they would have charged you if the ULC’s scam had worked.”
“Like that,” Littlejohn said, looking over the top of his paper. “Good work.”
“I thought you’d think so, Johnny. Now, I want you to remember your pledge to contribute to the sheriff’s reelection campaign. He sure helped you out with your land acquisition costs. I take it your promise is still good.”
“It is.”
“And if you can remember it, I’d like to take another look at your niece’s picture, the one you had on your desk.”
“Yeah.”
Shard crossed the street to Patels and opened the lid of the outdoor ice cooler, and took out a Camel. Shard was lousy at remembering names, but he took pride in his ability to recall faces. The woman was Misty, he was certain. If she was Tami Nickelforth, he swore he’d eat the photo, frame and all. Why had Littlejohn lied? Why did he have Misty’s picture on his desk? How did he know her? And why did he remove the photo? Shard wondered if Littlejohn was mixed up with the Misters in their land scheme. But he had told Shard he didn’t like Witry, and Shard believed him, even if his casino group used the weasel as a go-between to contribute to the Kaiser’s campaign. There was something very fishy about all this, Shard decided.
Monday Morning
Back at his office, Shard tried Witry again. He wondered why a lawyer with no secretary didn’t have an answering machine.
He called Ruth. 
“Thanks for keeping the Kaiser well fed and happy on Friday. I think he’s in love with you. I’ll tell you what, I’ll take you out to eat the next time I’m in town.” 
"The Kaiser certainly enjoys his food," she said.
"Amen to that, and he also enjoyed your deference. Speaking of, why don't I get the same treatment?" 
"Because you're not a sheriff, and you drive only a half a car."
“That hurts,” Shard said.
“Also remember that I run the best restaurant in New York State. So, I want you to take me someplace posh, someplace so high-faulting that I’d have to buy a new frock just to get in the door. And you’d have to wear a new suit and a silk necktie. Then, you’ve got a deal. I don’t even care if I get fed.”
 “That’s a tall order for a poor cop from the sticks who’s not even a sheriff.” 
“And don’t forget, you ought to start that midget car pretty soon. Bye.”
Monday Afternoon
When they arrived at the office after lunch, Shard was accorded the right to his chair under their unspoken agreement that if they arrived together it was his. Johnsen graciously waved Periwinkle to the padded office chair and eyed Schuyler’s folding metal one.
“Well. Guys, good work,” Shard said. “When we started, we didn’t even know Landry’s name and now we’ve nailed the murderer, even if we can’t prove it beyond a shadow of a doubt. But we did get some justice out of it. Now, you guys have to turn your brilliant minds to solving the Sanders’ killing. We know who did it, and why. All you have to do is to find enough evidence to take it to the DA. Simple.”
“Yeah, right, Boss,” Johnsen said.
“So, tell me how you are going to do it,” said Shard, as he took down a small, framed recitation of Miranda rights, and slipped a Camel out from the tear in the brown paper on its back. He started to hang it back up, and then suddenly stopped. “Yes!” he exclaimed. “Don’t bother trying to think. The answer to my question is right here. It’s been here all the time.”
Periwinkle and Johnsen gave him looks that said: “He’s off into the netherworld again.” 
He waved the back of the Miranda print past them. “See that? Why didn’t we think of that?”
“I don’t see anything, except the backing is rotten and torn,” Johnsen said.
“No, no. Below that,” Shard said excitedly, as he shook the print in their faces.
“While his two sergeants tried to come up with an intelligent reply, Shard reached into his coat pocket and pulled out Misty’s photograph of Littlejohn.
“Ah ha. It does have one! See?” Shard shoved the back of the photo in front of Johnsen and Periwinkle’s noses. “Knew it!”
“So did we. So did we,” Johnsen said. “We meant to tell you. Sorry.”
“The framer’s name and address, dummies. Someone had to frame the photo. In this case it was,” Shard squinted to read the miniscule sticker, “Ralph Ellison. Good God. Ralph Ellison is hiding in Smytheville?”
“That frame may have come from a drugstore,” Periwinkle pointed out.
“No, it didn’t. I knew she wouldn’t. She had more class than that,” Shard said.
Periwinkle and Johnsen looked at one another.
Shard phoned Shelly downstairs who looked up Ellison’s number before Shard could explain why he wanted it. Over the phone he described the picture for Ellison, and asked if he remembered it.
“Oh, sure,” He said. “I don’t get many Indians in here. I took the photograph. I’m the only photographer in town, you know.”
“No, I didn’t know. It’s a very good picture too,” Shard said, with his fingers crossed.
“You wouldn’t happen to remember the Indian’s name, would you?” Shard asked.
“It was one of those strange ones they have, that has the same name in the first and last names. The Scandinavians do it sometimes, like Ivar Ivarsson. Shard looked at Johnsen but decided not to say anything.
“Only this fellow wasn’t Scandinavian,” Ellison said. “He had a common double name, except he had “Little” in it. I remember it because he wasn’t little. Looked like a linebacker the Smytheville Krauts could have used this season. John, that’s it. Littlejohn. John Littlejohn.”
Shard shot a fist straight up in the air and yelled, “Yes,” startling his two deputies out of their woolgathering. “Do you happen to have a record that they are the two in this photo?”
“Sure, I register every picture I take. In case they ever become valuable. They’re worth more if we know who’s in them.”
“Of course,” Shard said. “Save it. It might be vital evidence in a murder case.”
“I read that Ms. Sanders was killed. Really sorry that stuff like that happens in our pleasant little town?”
“I’m sure she was too, Mr. Ellison,” Shard said.
Tuesday Morning
Recount I first
What most men reck of,
And to all folks’ ears
Has found a way:
(Egil’s Saga, Chpt. 78)
Shard was late, but still had his choice of chairs. He shoved all the paper to one side of his desk and called Witry. Nobody answered. He thought maybe it was too early for the weasel to be out and about.
He leaned back and fumbled under his chair until he found the plastic bag wedged in the springs. He pulled it out and extracted a rather mangled Camel. 
Johnsen came in and grabbed the permanent extra chair.
“Where did you find that one, Boss?” 
“A good morning to you,” Shard said. “If you must know it was under my chair prepared to jump out and puncture me at any moment. I snared it just in time.”
“Everything sewn up in the case?”
“Which one?”
“Landry’s.” 
“Yup, except for talking to Witry. He hasn’t been in his office since early yesterday afternoon. Have you seen him around?”
“I don’t look for him, but I haven’t seen him.”
Shard called Witry’s office again with the same result.
“I wonder where the little rat is?” Shard asked. “Run over there and see if he’s too scared to answer his phone.”
Johnsen passed Periwinkle on his way out. 
“Hiya, Boss.” 
“You haven’t seen Witry, have you?” 
“No, thank God. Why?”
“I can’t find him. He’s not in his office and hasn’t got an answering machine.”
“Have you tried his house?” 
“Ah, not yet.” He dialed Witry’s home number and counted ten rings before he replaced the receiver.
” I have now. He’s not there either. Take a run out to his place. I’m getting concerned. When was the last time you saw him?”
“I don’t think I’ve seen him since we talked to him Thursday. Have you?”
“No. He hasn’t been around Schuylers.”
“I’m on my way,” she said. “But before I leave, I forgot to give you the results of Misty’s autopsy. It’s simple. She was clonked over the bridge of her nose with something like a baseball bat, something round. Probably killed her. Clean on drugs. I’m out of here.”
A few moments later Johnsen rushed into the office.
“You’re not going to believe this, Boss. Witry isn’t there, and somebody broke into his office and trashed it. Everything’s all over the floor. The guy broke the glass out of the doors to get in. It’s a helluva mess.” 
“You sure Witry isn’t dead in there somewhere?”
“I checked behind everything. He isn’t there, no part of him.”
“Blood? Signs of a struggle, other than the trash? Anything?” 
” Nothing, Boss.” 
“Now we have a real problem.”
“Maybe not. You remember in the Orkneyinga Saga when Bishop William came back to Orkney from Norway and went blind? He prayed to Earl Magnus for his sight, which the saint restored, and then Earl William dug up Magnus’ bones. Remember what happened afterwards?”
“No.” 
“They performed miracles.”
“What does that have to do with Witry? He isn’t an earl, at least not that I’m aware of, and if he lives to be a thousand, he’ll never be a saint.”
“I thought there might be a parallel here if we find his body. He did enable us to put things together and that gives us the responsibility to unearth him. A moral responsibility, I think.”
Even though Shard failed to see the point to this tale, he treated Johnsen’s story seriously. “We have no evidence if Witry’s dead or alive. Orkney folk knew Magnus was dead. Didn’t they name their cathedral after him?”
“They did.” 
“Furthermore, my Nordic skald, did you know that Highland Park, a distiller of one of the better single malts, is quite close to St. Magnus Cathedral? Maybe your saint had something to do with its exceptional water and barley. What do you think?”
Shard’s phone rang.
“Lieutenant Shard.”
“Someone broke into Witry’s house,” Periwinkle said, “and trashed it. Downstairs, everything is thrown all over the floor. It’s a mess, Boss.”
“You didn’t go in, did you?” 
“Yeah, I did. Witry isn’t there. And no sign that he has been since it was trashed. I checked at the neighbors on both sides, but they’re not home. What do you want me to do?”
“Come on back.”
“I don’t like this one little bit,” Shard said. “Most of the time he’s underfoot, we can’t avoid him. Now when we want him, he’s nowhere to be found. He might be out of town on a case, he might’ve had a death in the family, or he might be toasting his sallow flesh on a Florida beach as I speak. He doesn’t have to check with us to leave town, but come to think of it, isn’t it odd that I can’t think of a single Witry relative? This town isn’t that big. I heard somewhere that he’d been married, but I don’t know if that’s true. I assume he has, as lawyers say, no issue; he’s never mentioned a child to me. How can someone be that alone?”
It occurred to Shard that he had just described himself.
Johnsen noticed that too but thought it wise to remain silent.
Periwinkle appeared and leaned against the doorjamb. 
“We’ve got to find him,” Shard said. “Let’s do a missing persons. Call the hospitals, talk to the people who work and live near his office, revisit his neighbors. See Alice; he might have bought more land. Talk to Ottinger; Witry may have offered to work off his loan. Use your heads. Lawyers don’t just disappear –- unfortunately.”
Shard climbed up on his desk and reached up to the florescent light overhead. He removed the frosted glass panel and a Camel dropped into his palm. Johnsen and Periwinkle watched him as if that were the most natural activity in the world.
Shard sat down and stared at his filing cabinet. They could see that he had slipped into an adjacent world. “I talked to Spinello yesterday and warned him away from Witry. I was blunt, even accused him of Misty’s murder. He accused me of threatening him, and I was. But I just remembered he said something curious after I finished. He said, ‘you don’t have to worry about Witry.’ What I can’t recall is whether he said, ‘you don’t have to worry about Witry anymore.’ I assumed that was a promise to leave Witry alone. If I were Spinello, I would. But maybe he was telling me something else. Namely, that he had already taken care of Witry. Like he did Landry? Would he tell me that?”
“Obviously, I don’t know what he said, but either way Spinello’s comments have an ominous ring,” Johnsen said.
“Maybe you ought to ask him about Witry,” Periwinkle said. “I doubt he’ll tell you anything, but it would at least be another warning if he planned to harm him.”
“Or, if he had his goons pick up Witry and was keeping him somewhere,” Johnsen said.
“Now there’s a new twist,” Shard said. “I hadn’t thought of that. If Spinello picked up Witry up before I called him, then the restaurateur has a big problem. Even if Witry is still alive.”
“If he or Tiny killed Witry, then we have a whole new case,” Periwinkle said.
“Don’t I know it. That’s just what we need, a third murder.” Shard picked up his phone.
“Mr. Spinello, this is Lieutenant Shard. I have just learned that Witry has disappeared and wondered if you knew anything about it?”
Spinello’s reply was so loud that Johnsen and Periwinkle could hear him across the room.
“Why the hell are you bothering me? I don’t know nothing about Witry. I don’t care if he’s never found, you hear me? You’d better leave me alone or I’m going to file a harassment suit against you clodhoppers. Go to hell!” Click.
“I take it that’s a denial that he knows anything about Witry?” Periwinkle asked.
“I’d say so,” Shard said.
“While you had him, you should have asked about Misty’s murder,” Johnsen said, with a crooked grin.
Shard glared him down.
“Okay, you guys hit the street. I want Witry in here pronto, alive, kicking, and threatening to sue us. The last thing we need is another corpse.”
“Where are you going, Boss?” Johnsen asked.
“I’m off to Schuylers to have lunch. Have you guys checked the clock? Somebody around here has to eat. How else am I going to grow up to look like the Kaiser? Now, outta here!”
Tuesday Noon
Outside, Shard basked in the beautiful day the Kaiser had promised. Snow was everywhere, but overhead big, puffy white clouds were pasted to a pastel blue sky. Now, if he could just find Witry, or for that matter, Misty’s murderer.
Over his plate of franks and beans, Shard said, “O’Reilly have you seen Witry?”
“I don’t think he plans to be in for a while.” 
“Why?” 
“He’s up on Tug Hill with his aunt.”
“How do you know that?”
“He called me Friday to hold his mail, so I assume he plans to stay a while.”
Shard believed the story. Leyden’s mail service was remarkably informal. No need to fill out a form to have mail withheld. Chet Hundly, the mailman, would deliver it to anyone who asked for it.
“Why’s he up there?”
“I don’t know.”
“I didn’t know he had an aunt on the hill,” Shard said.
“Oh yeah, Ana Guenzler and her husband have one of the last dairy farms up there. I don’t know how they make a go of it. The place only has about two frost-free days a year. They probably have snow above their window tops by now.”
“Do you know where his aunt’s farm is?”
“Her address is Highmarket. It shouldn’t be hard to find. There’s no town left, just one road, and can’t be more than a half dozen farms up there. Just ask. I haven’t been up there in ten years.”
Shard conned a Camel out of O’Reilly and returned to his office relieved that Witry was still among the living, or at least had been on Friday. Witry didn’t strike Shard as the country type. Something scared him up there, he thought.
When Periwinkle and Johnsen came in, their long faces revealed they had discovered nothing, but he listened to their reports anyway.
“Well, it doesn’t make any difference because I found him. Just another example of why I have this comfy chair and you guys have to fight for the wastebasket. Witry’s staying with his aunt, Ana Guenzler, up on Tug Hill.”
 “Why’s he up there?” Periwinkle asked.
“That’s what we need to find out. O’Reilly says he left Friday. That’d be after we talked to him about the danger, he was in. So, I think we ought to take a ride in the country, especially on such a glorious day. Get some coffee Johnsen, and not that stuff that’s brewed from old asbestos shingles in the machine downstairs. Maybe a couple of donuts Periwinkle. Meet you back here in fifteen minutes.”
The ride to Tug Hill through the peaceful, gently rolling hills along the narrow road should have been relaxing, but Shard used the time to fill them in on his visit to Littlejohn. When he finished, he asked, “any ideas about where we go from here? I’m sure he’s lying, but how do I prove it?”
His question was met with only the hum of his tires on the well-cindered road.
“Thanks, guys,” he said.
As they started up Tug Hill the snow became deeper, and by the time the road narrowed to a single lane, it was piled halfway to the tops of the windows in the few houses that fronted the road.
“People live up here?” Periwinkle asked. “What do they do for a living?”
“Collect unemployment and cut wood for their stoves, I suspect,” Shard said.
They stopped at the first farm where their knocks brought a short, round woman to the door.
“Could you tell me where the Guenzler farm is?” Shard asked.
She looked the three of them over as if her answer might be hidden in their faces or clothes.
“I’m Ana Guenzler.”
She held the door open about an inch and forced her words out as if she were whistling. A very careful woman, Shard thought.
Shard showed her his ID and said, “I need to talk to your nephew, George.” He realized that he’d never called Witry by his first name. He was surprised weasels had first names.
“Why do you want to talk to him?” The door opened not a millimeter wider.
“Let ‘em in, Aunt Ana,” a voice from inside yelled. It had to be Witry unless his uncle had a voice as whiny.
Reluctantly, Aunt Ana opened the door just enough to enable them to sidle in. Shard thought that heat must be a precious commodity up here in the winter.
The house smelled of old people or, more precisely, of old dairy people who bathed infrequently. The big, high-ceiling rooms had been wallpapered about the year Teddy Roosevelt charged San Juan Hill, or the one he thought was San Juan, and never redone. But the rooms were obsessively neat.
“We’re out in the kitchen,” Ana said as she led them through the parlor, living room, and dining room, all of which were uncomfortably chilly. The kitchen, however, was hot enough to smelt ore. A huge, old-fashioned wood stove poured out the BTUs. Witry, seated in a straight-backed kitchen chair, smiled weakly at his three visitors.
“What brings Leyden’s finest out here into our pristine countryside?” 
“We like to check up on voters who mysteriously disappear,” Shard said.
“Do I have to check with the constabulary every time I decide to visit my favorite aunt?”
“Nope, but when you disappear right after we warned you that your life’s in danger, we get worried. Nobody has seen you since Thursday. What happened?” 
Witry gave the three of them the odd look he was wont to assume while he decided whether to tell all lies or a smidgen of the truth. 
He looked at Ana, who remembered that she had something to do upstairs. That was a good sign, Shard thought. He hadn’t seen the uncle; Shard supposed he was out entertaining his cows, or something.
After Ana closed the door, Witry said, “I got a threat Friday.”
“What kind of a threat?” Shard asked.
“Someone broke into my office and went through my files.” The lawyer then proceeded, in exhausting detail, to fill everybody in on the chase and even held up his scabbed hands for them to examine. Nobody sympathized with him.
“I limped across the street to the National Food Mart parking lot,” Witry continued. “I thought I was a goner until I saw Aunt Ana come out of the store with a couple of grocery bags. I hobbled over to her, pushed her in her car, and tore out of there. When I pulled out on Conkling, the guy wasn’t ten feet behind the car. She saved my life, I tell ya. Always did love Aunt Ana.”
“What did the guy look like?” Shard asked.
“Fast! Faster than I am. Hell, my hands are still raw. I didn’t see his face. He looked bigger than me, but not huge. He had a coat on, so it’s hard to say. I’ll tell you though, he was big enough.”
“Odds are it was Tony,” Periwinkle said. “He’d have been able to describe Tiny, overcoat or not. Even Luke did.”
“And note,” Johnsen added, “this all happened before you talked to Spinello and threatened him. Maybe that’s why he said you didn’t have to worry about Witry anymore. He thought he was already dead.”
“Hello?” Witry said. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“We’re talking about the fact that I’ve saved your miserable life and bailed you out of your financial miseries,” Shard said.
He explained his deal with the ULC and his arrangement to have Witry sell his Opydyke farm for $100,000. “That way you can repay Ottinger. The First National of Albany will have to eat its loan to Landry.”
“Witry’s face brightened. “Sounds good so far.” 
“Even though your life has been threatened, I don’t believe they will carry through with their threat now. I warned them not to touch you, but that was after at least one of them tried to harm you. When I get back, I’ll call them again.”
For once Witry had no riposte.
“You should be a free man, my friend,” Shard said, “although I’m not sure you deserve it. In return you owe me a favor. You promised Sheriff Stutzenberger a large campaign contribution. You will arrange that contribution. Got it?”
“I’ll remind the executive council.” 
“Good, as long as we understand each other,” Shard stood up. “Oh, by the way, did you happen to remember that you knew Misty Sanders?”
“I told you last week. My answer hasn’t changed.”
“You can go home now,” Shard said. “I should tell you that they trashed your house too. Tell your aunt good-bye for us.”
On the way back, Johnsen piped up from the back seat and said, “I think that’s it. We’ve untangled the whole case. But there’s a question that keeps nagging me. Why did Landry have the Kaiser’s phone numbers in his Rolodex?”
“If you had done your homework, you’d know. Periwinkle was right. I found a dozen sheriffs’ phone numbers listed in there. Maybe it’s what all lawyers do. I don’t know, but I’m willing to believe that and not ask the Kaiser. I think we leave it alone.”
“It’s election year,” they said, as if on cue. 
Tuesday Afternoon
“Okay, guys, we have solved both of them,” Shard said. “A Camel solved Misty’s murder, not Brodir of Man, Norseman. Remind me sometime to ask you if the Norse smoked.”
“Well, you see –“
“Sometime, not now,” Shard said. “Here’s how this is going to play out. We’ll bring Littlejohn in and confront him with the photographer’s records and the picture. We’ll get a warrant to search his house and office for Misty’s photo, the one he had on his desk. In the meantime, Johnsen, you go down to the Perky Parlour, or whatever it’s called, and brave the withering breastal assault to milk some truth out of the Fluff. I’ll bet you a gross of Patels’ donuts she lied to me. If we can get her testimony, we can go to the DA. I doubt we’ll get a first-degree conviction; it’s all too circumstantial. But we’ll get something. And the Kaiser will love us, especially after I pressure Witry again to overcome any opposition by Littlejohn against the Kaiser’s contribution. Witry owes us forever, guys. And the Misters will think we’re still blaming Misty’s murder on them because they don’t read the local papers. This is so good, I think I’ll go next door to celebrate right after I talk to the Kaiser.”
Tuesday Afternoon
Before he got out of his chair, Shard’s phone rang.
It was O'Reilly. “Remember that chair you borrowed?"
"Yup." 
"We've got an Odd Fellows to-do tonight, and we need every seat we can get. Could you return it this afternoon?"
"Will do." 
He was tempted to make good on his promise to celebrate closing both cases but thought better of it. It was a little early yet. When he returned to his office, he found a paper bag in the middle of his desk. It held a bottle of twenty-six-year-old Ben Nevis single malt, never seen in the states. A card around the bottle's neck read in the Kaiser's scrawl, "Thanks. The Kaiser."
When Periwinkle walked in, he showed her the bottle and the card. She was more surprised by the card.
"How'd he know?" she asked.
"I thought maybe you told him." 
"I wouldn't have the nerve. If someone told him what we call him, it would have had to be you."
"Bet it was the Norseman," Shard said. "Only the three of us know, unless we slipped around Doc.”
Shard stared at Periwinkle’s glossy auburn hair and then at the bottle. 
"Why don't you help me celebrate Brodir of Man’s aid in solving the case? He didn’t die in vain after all."
"I guess not,” she said half-reluctantly. “Where?" 
“Good question. Not here obviously. Can't take it into Schuylers. Has to be my house."
"Okay, if that means I get off early."
"We both do," Shard promised, as Johnsen came in and saw the bottle.
"Drinking at work again, Boss?" 
"Yeah. You guys drive me to it. Never had this problem with any other colleagues."
"What is that stuff?" 
"The very best. Read the card."
'Whoa," Johnsen said. "Who told him? I didn't. I'm not that stupid."
"Did this ever happen in the sagas?" Periwinkle asked.
"I can't think of such an instance." 
"Okay, kiddies. How about coming over to the house to sample this elixir?"
"Sure," Johnsen replied. Shard wondered whether Periwinkle was relieved that he had included Johnsen. 
"As long as we're going to celebrate, I’ll invite the Kaiser to enjoy his outlay. I'll see if he wants to leave early.”
"Sounds good,” Periwinkle said, “but don't call him the Kaiser.”
"Makes me wonder what you call me behind my back," Shard said.
He caught Periwinkle and Johnsen smiling.

THE END
About the Author
The Shard Chronicles are an accident; I never considered writing fiction. When my late wife, Roberta, became too ill to teach her AP English classes, I suggested she write a mystery since she loved to read them. We started plotting such a book while cooking dinner and enjoying adult libations. It was great fun and after a few weeks we had scads of wrinkled notes covered with cooking stains. Thus, we created Shard.

I was a professor of American history and taught at the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga for forty-three years. During my last decade there I taught a course on Viking history, so we added a twist to our mysteries by creating Knut Johnsen, whose constant saga spouting enables Shard to view mankind in a new light. 

Within twenty-four hours of deciding to write Shard, Roberta announced that she had "no voice," and persuaded me to write the rough draft and she would edit it. That became our routine for almost two years; I wrote every night and she destroyed my Pulitzer-prize-winning prose every day. We had a ball.

Somebody advised me that all authors should write only about what they know. Well, Leyden exists, although not by that name, and we knew it well because the maternal side of my family came from there. We spent our summers in the Adirondacks for sixteen years and I guarantee you that Shard's buildings still stand, his favorite bar is open, and some of his characters and my non-fictional relatives walk its snow-covered streets. 

Some of my friends I've shamed into reading what follows, claim that we based Shard on me. I confess I never saw that, but maybe that's why I like the guy. We do have one big difference though; my fifty-five-year-old Chevrolet Biscayne has real windows, a heater, and a propensity to start!

I hope that you enjoy what follows as much as we enjoyed creating Shard's world. If you read far enough into this you will find that I have an unfinished fourth Shard volume that I would love to have someone finish for/with me, and I don't know who did it either. Contact me, as per my "contest," shardchronicles@gmail.com
 
