5 of Swords
Books 1-5 of The Urban Tarot Collection
By Nyle Kai


Text copyright ©2020 Nyle Kai
All Rights Reserved

 
To Jesse, for showing me the way.
Table of Contents
The Hanged Man
The Magician
The High Priestess
The Empress
The Emperor

 
The Hanged Man


I met Dick at a poetry reading of all places.  He was tall and broad shouldered, but his skin had a pallor and his eyes looked pained, as though some terrible memory was eating away at his peace.  I was standing near the back of the room in the darkest corner, with a bottle of beer at my feet.  I don’t recall why I wasn’t holding the beer, but this provided Dick with the perfect opportunity to talk to me.  He stepped close to me and my beer fell over, spilling all over the wood floor.
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” Dick said.  “Please let me buy you another one.  It’s the least I can do for you.”
Dick was a name so common that it defied the eccentric man who held it.  I guess he didn’t want to be called Richard because he abhorred all formality.  Dick bought me another beer that night and I stayed to listen to him read his poetry.  He drew genuine applause from the audience, but his material was all about suffering.  A party clown in flames and a flat frog on the highway were the subjects of his two best poems.  According to Dick that night, there was no mercy and no light at the end of the tunnel.  We suffered and died like animals.  I wondered why the audience loved this idea so much.  People probably just wanted to hear someone express their deepest fears in front of an audience.  Then they could go home to their safe beds and pretend it was all a fiction told for entertainment.  It was 1997, the year of Princess Diana’s death.  We were still reeling from the shock of the news.  It was a time when celebrity deaths still carried weight in the collective consciousness.  America was still relatively innocent.
People from the street then understood human nature because they had to for the sake of survival.  So many of the people I knew that year were from the street, way rougher than Dick.  But Dick understood people just like the best of them.  And I felt he understood me.  But perhaps even he could not reach the part of me that held my terrible secret.  I had suffered a trauma a few months before I met Dick that altered me to my core, right down to my moral compass.  I no longer knew who I was, and perhaps unconsciously I was looking for someone to show me the way back to myself.
Since the trauma I had learned that time was not linear at all.  Certain moments repeated infinitely in loops.  Time was twisted and coiled, like a basket of snakes.  When I reflected on our meeting that night years later, each detail would seem like a part of a much longer drama.  Dick always said the same things, wore the same clothes and made the same gestures.  Looking back at our first night, I forgot about the newness of those things.  Instead, they were remembered as familiar, each beginning and each new instance seeming like it had already occurred twenty times before at least.
“You know… Prayer is a kind of insanity and insanity is a kind of prayer,” I said after the readings were over.
“That’s perfect!” Dick cackled.  “Write that one down!  Take it on the book tour!”  Dick always talked about our future book tour, the one that I knew would never happen.
“It means that we pray when we’re desperate, and when we’re desperate, we pray.”
“Isn’t that kind of redundant?” Dick looked at me with his slate gray eyes.  One eyebrow arched and his forehead wrinkled.
“No, it isn’t,” I said.  “It means that we’re willing to loosen our hold on reality for the sake of our comfort when we kneel down to pray.  In desperation, we need to believe that someone is listening to us.  But really, it’s just a voice in our heads coming from deep inside ourselves.  It’s not real.  And also, when someone loses their grip due to trauma or mental illness, they cling to their delusions as a kind of religion to avoid the awful truth.”  I looked at my empty beer bottle.  I felt like I wanted another one.
“What’s the awful truth?”  Dick asked, looking like he already had plenty of answers for that question.
“Just pain.”
“I would take all your pain away if I could,” Dick said.  “I mean that.  I would give a hand or a leg to do that.  Believe it.”
The worst part was that I did believe it.
I let Dick give me a ride home that night, even though we’d both been drinking.  It was only a couple of miles to the house that I was sharing with my landlord and a yoga instructor.  I could have walked if I’d wanted to, but I wanted to stay with him.  He made me feel comfortable in a way I hadn’t experienced since the trauma.  I drank the feeling in like I was dying of thirst.  
Dick’s car was an awful custard colored compact monster with dents on all sides and a horrible rattle in the engine.  He was lucky it even rode as well as it did.  Whatever I thought was depth of personality at that time in my life was probably really just poor character.  Dick made bad choices and suffered as a result.  But to me it appeared as though he understood life with far more depth than I could.  In truth, he was just good at explaining his bad choices in a way that made them sound like he was doing it all for the good of the world.  This was his major downfall.
By the time we got to my house, it was almost midnight.  I took a couple of my roommate’s Rolling Rocks from the fridge, promising myself that I would replace them and apologize.  Dick sat down at the round table in the middle of the kitchen.  It was such a small house that there was no dining room.  The landlord had placed fifty poetry magnets on the fridge, each magnet a different word.  Dick placed two magnets side by side on the gritty white surface, rearranging them slightly.  “Kill all,” he said and cackled.  I assumed he was a little bit drunk and talking nonsense.
There were two things I wanted that fall: an escape from the city and a return to the sense of peace I’d known before the trauma.  I was reeling emotionally and spiritually all the time, though I barely even noticed anymore.  I was in a new normal of pain.  My parents were both middle class professionals who would have been shocked at the life I was leading in the city, about two hundred miles away.  Of course, I hadn’t breathed a word to them about the trauma.  I had detached from them in an effort to forget.  I called about once every six weeks and spoke in vague anecdotes and platitudes.  If they knew that anything was really wrong with me, they did not mention it.  We were all excellent fakers.
“So, what I want to know,” Dick said in a low voice, “is who hurt you?”
I felt a terrible sadness and rage rising in me.  “Is it that obvious?” I asked, fighting to keep my composure.  I was finally getting in touch with my anger.
“Yeah, it’s real obvious.  Someone took your life away from you, and you want it back.  Maybe the way to get it back is to get revenge.”
“I could never do that,” I said.  “Besides, the person who hurt me is just too big and too powerful.”
Dick looked me in the eye.  “Nobody is too big,” he said.  “Hey, do you want to feel better?  I’ve got something for that.”
He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a clear plastic baggie filled with different colored pills.  They were all pastel yellows, pinks and blues in different shapes.  It looked just like a bag of candy.  I reached over and picked a pink round one from the baggie.  “What’s this?” I asked.
Dick drank his beer down with a single swig.  “It will make you happy for a few hours.  Just take it.”
“Are you going to stay here with me?”
“Yeah.”
I swallowed the pink pill with a mouthful of beer.  I didn’t care what it was or how it would make me feel.  At the time I was just doing everything that presented itself to me without pausing to make judgment.  It was extremely liberating and horribly self-destructive at once.  It wasn’t that I no longer cared about myself.  It was that I no longer had a concept of self that I should have been caring about.  I had disappeared.  I was a ghost.  Dick was just a character in a story that was unfolding in front of me, and I was a witness, not an actor.
We walked up the creaky stairs to my bedroom and Dick bent down to unlace my shoes.  He did so gently and slowly, taking care not to startle me.  When I sat on the bed, Dick slipped them off and placed them neatly by the door.  He walked over to a large storage locker by the window and sat on it, lacing his fingers together over his knees.  “I’ll just watch you all night if that’s ok,” he said.  “I want to make sure you’re alright, and nobody else will do it.  So, I have to.”
I didn’t reply because I couldn’t speak.  A wave of pleasure had washed over my entire brain like a tsunami and I was just a body lying there without words or thoughts.  It was peaceful to just exist with this strange man keeping watch over me.  I trusted him like I had never trusted anyone in my life.  It felt so good to be free of pain.  I cared for nothing except the feeling of being alive.
Dick sat in silence, watching me until I fell asleep, probably about five hours later, near dawn.  He left without a sound and drove back to wherever it was he stayed.  Our first night together set the tone for our relationship: I was helpless and he was the actor in the story.  I was completely at his mercy and we both knew it.  I trusted him not to take advantage of the situation and he loved me fiercely for that.  It would occur to me much later that nobody had trusted Dick in a very long time, which was why he treasured our time together so much.
When I woke up, I felt slow and heavy, as though my brain was still disconnected from my body, but the feeling was no longer pleasurable.  My head ached slightly, and all the pain of the trauma was back in full force.  I realized that I had no phone number or address for Dick.  I would have to wait a full week to see him again, assuming that he did show up at the same Thursday night poetry reading.  
It was noon and I was four hours late for work.  I put on some khaki pants and a black cotton shirt.  My platinum hair was cropped so short that it did not need to be brushed.  I just brushed my teeth and splashed water on my face.  I was only twenty-two and felt no need for makeup.  My face was so thin that my cheekbones stood out over the planes of my face.  My lips were full and naturally red.  I didn’t really think that I was pretty, but I got plenty of attention from both men and women.  I told myself that it was the haircut.  People thought short hair on women was provocative in those days.
I walked to my job as a stocker at an art supply store on the main drag of the city.  The store was three levels, and I worked in the basement on most days.  I was grateful that my supervisor always stationed me there, as the basement carried the least traffic and I disliked having to handle questions from customers.  I didn’t know very much about art supplies and didn’t like feeling stupid.  I was paid six-fifty per hour, forty hours per week.  I had enough money to rent a room and eat a diet of staples.  I was hungry most of the time, but the hunger gave me an odd comfort, like a secret that made me feel special and strong.
My stocking partner was Cole, an overeducated man who claimed to be only nineteen. He must have learned about philosophy in a private high school, because it was nearly all he talked about.  Spinoza was his favorite, and I was flattered one day when he told me that I reminded him of the philosopher.  Since my trauma, I had learned to appreciate the divinity in all things.  Nothing increases someone’s appreciation of divinity like a death threat.
Cole had brown eyes with perpetual dark brown circles under them and a mop of curly, brown hair.  He was thin and always wore a sensible belt with his shirt tucked into his pants.  That day, Cole and I were stocking pieces of Styrofoam cut into different geometric shapes.  Cole was complaining again about how he never dreamed he’d end up in a place like that, how he would and should have been doing much more with his life.  I tuned him out and just let the sound of his gentle voice roll over me like background music.
“So, why were you so late today?” Cole asked pointedly.
“Did you say something to me?” I asked.
“I’ve been talking to you for about half an hour, Jane.  Haven’t you been listening?”
“Of course, I have… I was just distracted for a second because I had a pain in my stomach.  What were you saying?”
Cole looked at me with all the sternness that a nineteen-year-old could possibly muster, which was not much.  He was too smart to believe my lie.  “I asked you why you were so late,” he said.
“Well,” I answered calmly, “the truth is that I met someone last night and he came over.  We stayed up so late that I couldn’t get up in time for work this morning.  But that’s between you and me.  I’ll tell the boss that I threw up this morning and came in when I started feeling better.  You know me.  I wouldn’t miss a day of this for anything.”
“And because you’re nearly out of sick time.  People notice you’re out a lot.  You should be careful or you could lose your job.”  Cole seemed to care about me, or he wouldn’t have tried to tell me the truth like that.  But I wasn’t open to the idea of letting anyone be my friend, except of course for Dick.
“Jobs like this are meant to be replaced and recycled many times,” I snapped.  “You think this is Wall Street?  I have nothing to lose here, and neither do you.”
“Sorry I tried to help you,” Cole said.  He went back to stocking and didn’t say another word to me for the rest of the afternoon.
Just before the end of the shift, Justin from the books section asked me to watch his desk for twenty minutes while he went to the bank.  His rent was late and he needed to find out why the balance in his account had caused the rent check to bounce.
“Maybe because you work here,” I offered.
Justin laughed and flashed me a smile.  He was handsome like an actor, with olive toned skin and a chiseled face.  “That’s probably the reason,” he said.  At least Justin had a sense of humor about his own plebeian existence.  “If you want,” he said, “you can take a book home with you.  We have a lending program for employees.  But, to tell you the truth, I never keep track, so you can just take something to keep.  Management writes off a large loss every year accounting for all the crack-addicted shoplifters that we never catch.”
“I didn’t know that crack was such a big problem in this area,” I lied.  I’d seen plenty of people on crack since my arrival in the city.  I just didn’t feel like advertising that fact.
“The building projects right behind the store are filled with addicts.  They come in here to steal just about every day.  Most of us won’t risk confronting them because they’re too dangerous.”
“Good to know,” I said.  
Justin left me sitting on the tall metal stool behind the cash register.  I hadn’t read a good book since my arrival in the city.  The idea of being lost again in a story enticed me.  Maybe I could allow myself a temporary escape, to feel something other than sadness and rage.  For months then I hadn’t felt much pleasure without the help of drugs.  I was about to look at the bookshelves, when a small, thin box under the register caught my eye.  It had an intricate design on the side in primary colors, like a gothic stained-glass window.  I held the box in my hand.  The front was labeled simply, “The Tarot.”  The box slid apart in two pieces, revealing its contents.  There was a small deck of cards with the same stained-glass pattern on the backs, and a slim guide book.  
I didn’t know anything about tarot cards.  I just knew that they were used sometimes for fortune telling.  I split the deck and plucked the top card.  It contained the image of a man suspended upside down by one ankle.  The words, “The Hanged Man,” were typed in black at the bottom of the card.  I checked the manual.  The entry for the card read simply: “The one who is most guilty is sacrificed and becomes a prophet in the end.”  This did not seem like a traditional tarot deck at all.  I checked the front pages of the manual, looking for an author or date of publication.  There was no such information.  It was simply a leather-bound book containing a sentence for each card.  I looked again at the card.  The man hanging from the tree in the image on the front of the card had a slight smile on his face even though his position would have been very uncomfortable.  For some reason, this card reminded me of Dick.
When Justin returned from the bank, it was time to leave work.  “I think I’ll try this one,” I said casually.
“Good choice,” Justin said.   “But I think that one was damaged and we weren’t going to be able to sell it at all.  The cards may not all be in there.  It was a returned item.  I hope you enjoy it anyway.”
“I think I will,” I said.  I held my treasure against my stomach as I walked back down to the basement.  I avoided Cole, who was stocking Styrofoam right to the very last minute of his shift.  
I punched out with my time card and took the service elevator to the street.  That way, I didn’t need to face any customers on my way out.  I’d avoided any conversation with my boss.  I didn’t talk to him much at all anyway.  I couldn’t even remember his last name.  We all just knew him as ‘Mark’, and saw him occasionally in the tiny closet of an office he had in the back of the store.  
I stepped into the sunlight and blinked at all the commotion of the city.  It was a stark contrast to the relative quiet of the store.
“Hey, Sad Eyes… Over here…”
I looked to my right and saw Dick standing against the building, wearing the same clothes he had been in the night before.  “What are you doing here?” I asked.
“I asked around and found out where you work.  It’s just something I’m good at.  Don’t let it scare you.  Promise you’re not creeped out?”  Dick held his hand out to me but I didn’t take it.
“No, not al all,” I lied.  But at the same time, I was a little bit thrilled.
Let’s go somewhere,” Dick said.  “I’m Dick and you’re Jane.  Watch us run.”
I followed Dick to his car, which was parked on a side street.  I was surprised to see a new black thunderbird complete with a hula girl hanging from the rearview mirror.  The interior was red leather.  “New car?” I asked.
“Let’s just say it was a gift,” Dick said.
“From who?”
“Don’t ask questions, just enjoy the ride,” Dick said, opening the passenger side door for me.  “Don’t worry about a thing.  I’m taking care of you today.”
“What are you going to do… Kill me?” I laughed too loudly, drawing a look from an elderly woman nearby.  She shuffled away as fast as she could with her walker, her orthopedic shoes scraping the sidewalk.
Dick looked at the street and started the car.  “Why would you ask something like that?  Do I look like a murderer?”
“Kind of…” I was trying to tease him, but he wasn’t laughing.
“That hurts my feelings,” Dick said.  
“I have something that might interest you,” I said, showing him the tarot deck.
“I don’t care for tarot, Honey,” Dick said pointedly.  “To survive out here, you have to be smart enough to tell the future without the help of cards like that.  You have to do it all up here.”  He pointed to his temple.
I held the tarot deck in my lap and thought of the hanged man again.  It wasn’t easy to be serene in the face of all that pain, but somehow, he did it.  So did Dick.
We lurched onto the busy street.  The car smelled potently of new leather and French fries.  I saw a fast food bag in the back seat.  I realized that I had never seen Dick actually eat, and it came as a surprise to me that he would buy fast food.  He seemed to exist on drugs and beer alone, with the occasional sip of water.  I caught a glimpse of one of my coworkers in the side mirror as we drove away from the art supply store.  She was gaping at the car as though she were witnessing a crime.  Alexis never had any sense of adventure.  She probably still wore pajamas to bed even though she was twenty-five years old.  Her big mascaraed eyes followed us until we got onto the bridge.  I stared at her reflection in the mirror and watched her shrink to the size of a tiny doll.
The city was huge and mean and crammed with human flesh.  Dick and I were just two little ants in the big ant farm, specs behind a glass wall.  There was no real escape, but here we were, trying to escape anyway.  Dick was taking me somewhere new.  For the first time in a few hours, I wasn’t thinking of the trauma.  I looked at my big red lips in the side mirror.  They were the prettiest part of me.  Most people said so.  The rest of me was hard and angular.  A week earlier I’d walked into a convenience store wearing a black hoodie and the clerk tensed his shoulders and reached under the register.  I knew I was starting to scare people with the look in my eyes.  Once you’ve experienced true violence, it lives in you like a disease.  Most people can see its mark on you, whether you want them to or not.
We rode in silence for about an hour.  It was a comfortable silence.  Dick stared straight ahead and I looked in the mirror, watching the road slip by my own face, like a movie about someone else.  When we got out of the suburbs and onto the highway, I flipped on the radio.  The car stereo flooded us with bass and hard guitar as a Nirvana song played at full volume.  I wasn’t really into music, but I knew by then that Kurt Cobain was dead from a self-inflicted shotgun wound.  Everyone knew it at the time.  
“Ever think of suicide?” I asked Dick.
He glanced down at me.  I saw his knuckles whiten a little bit as his grip on the steering wheel tightened.  He probably thought I didn’t notice that, but I did.  “All the time, honey.  I stay alive, though, because I’m going to do something important and I can’t die until after it’s done.”
“What is it?”
“I’ll know it when I do it.”
“Then you can just kill yourself?  Just like that?”
“Yeah.”
I wanted to tell Dick that his life was way more valuable than that, and he should never think of suicide, but I knew that I could never be convincing at this argument, since at the time I cared so little for my own life.  So, instead I said nothing and let the road roll by in the background, pretending that the whole conversation had never happened.  It was much easier to pretend that we weren’t two completely suicidal drug users on a Friday afternoon trip to nowhere.
We pulled onto a narrow, paved road, and, after about a quarter mile I saw the ocean stretched to the horizon.  We were at the beach in October.  Not another soul was in sight.  The parking lot was desolate.  The grass was patched with brown and the water looked frigid.  For the first time since Dick and I had left the city, I worried about why he had brought me with him on this seemingly pointless drive.
“Do you like the view?” Dick asked.
“Not much to see…”  I looked at his face.  It seemed drawn and paler than usual.  He hadn’t shaved in a few days.  I saw a few flecks of dandruff in his greasy, black hair.
“I brought you here so I could tell you something,” Dick said, looking into my eyes for the first time since we drove out of the city.  The whites of his eyes were tinged with yellow.  I suddenly wondered whether he might be sick.
“Yeah… What?”
Something startling happened: Dick began to sob heavily.  I turned my face back to the windshield and looked at the vastness of the water.  I hadn’t seen anything that open and wide in months.  When Dick stopped sobbing, he wiped his nose with his shirt and stared at the ocean with me.  
“I take money to kill people,” he said flatly.  “I got ten thousand dollars to kill this guy and I did him with a hammer.  There’s no way I can get out of it.  I’m done for life.”
I stared at the wide ocean and the gray sky.  I thought of my mother’s gentle voice when she’d confessed matter-of-factly that she did not love my father.  I must have been ten years old at the time.  Now I was twenty-two.  All I could do was absorb the information and not react.  There was no appropriate reaction for such a piece of information.
“Here,” Dick said, putting his hand out, still staring straight ahead.  “Take this pill.”  It was light blue and shaped like a rectangle with curved corners.
I plucked the pill from Dick’s palm with my thumb and forefinger and dry swallowed it.  Dick sobbed again for another few minutes.  I stared at the empty shower stalls by the beach and the brown grass and the litter of soda cans and food wrappers on the ground.  I knew instinctively that I should not ask any questions.  I should not ask why Dick killed for money or what the pill was or how he felt about any of this.  The answers were either plain to see or pointless to know.  Dick was guilty to the point he was losing his grip.  The pill was probably a sedative.  Dick had once been desperate enough to do something very stupid and now that single bad choice had engulfed his entire life like a whale.  If I didn’t want to turn myself into a casualty, I’d stay quiet.  I had one thought in my mind and one thought only: keep calm and stay silent.  The pill would certainly help with that.
I looked down at the tarot deck in my lap.  I split the deck again, looking for a sign.  The hanged man card stared at me again.  But this time, the man’s face was drawn and contorted in a grimace.  A tear rolled down his cheek.  His hair was suddenly black instead of yellow.  I could have sworn that the hanged man’s face had been serene the first time I’d seen it.  What did the guide book say about the hanged man?  I flipped to the appropriate page in the leather-bound book: “The one who is most guilty is sacrificed and becomes a prophet in the end.”  I must have been confused.  I put the deck and the guide book back into the small box and waited for the pill to take over.
Dick started the car and turned the volume up on the radio.  P. J. Harvey was screaming.  I stayed silent for the ninety-minute ride back to the city.  I hardly felt the effects of the pill.  It just slowed my thoughts and kept my body warm.  I felt no fear at all.  I was in a place beyond fear, just like where I had gone during the trauma.  Not everyone in the world knows about this place, but most people find it eventually.
When we arrived at my house, I realized that I couldn’t make my legs move to get out of the car.  I pushed the passenger side door open limply with my right hand.  It moved only a few inches.  
“Let me help you.  It’s the least I can do,” Dick said.  He got out of the car and walked around to the passenger side.  He pulled the car door open and lifted my small body from the seat.  Dick found my keys in my jacket pocket.  He fished them out and unlocked the door to my house, still carrying me in his arms.   He was surprisingly strong considering how sick he looked.
When we entered the house, Dick latched the door behind us.  He carried me up the stairs and placed me on the bed.  He removed my sneakers, unlacing them carefully and slowly, gently easing them off my feet.
“You have to stop living in fear,” Dick said.  “Tell me who took your life away and I’ll handle them.  Then you can have everything back.  I want you to be happy.”
“I’ll never be happy,” I said, the words slurring slightly.
“Then you can at least be free of fear.  Every day this thing eats at you from the inside.  Your eyes have a terrible look of fear in them all the time.  Someone must have done you pretty bad.  Are you still worried about him?”
“He’s in prison,” I said calmly.  “He went by the name Real Money around here.  And he only lasted a few months before they put him back in prison.  He can’t do anything to me from there, so there’s no point in killing him.”
“Yes, there is.”  Dick sat heavily on the storage locker next to my bed.  “Guys like that will find you the moment they get a chance.  Does he know your real name?”
“Yeah, he took my driver’s license right before he punched me in the face.  Is that what you want to know?”
“Then it’s worse than I thought,” Dick said.  He took a pen from his jacket pocket and wrote something on his hand.  “I’ll contact you in two weeks.  Stay put and don’t change your routine.  Keep going to work.  Keep going to the poetry reading.  If you see me there, just say ‘hello’ and nothing more.  Got it?  Now write down your pager number.”
Dick held out his hand and the pen.  I saw that on the side of his hand next to his thumb, he had written “REAL MONEY” in capital letters.  I wrote my pager number on the back of his hand, closer to his wrist.
“Promise me you will stay cool until I contact you,” Dick said sternly.
I didn’t answer because I had passed out.  When I awoke the next morning, I remembered very little of the conversation, except that I was supposed to just keep to my routine, and that Real Money might end up dead.
I made it to work just five minutes late.  So much for my perfect record, I thought ruefully.  Mark looked at me over the frames of his glasses, not saying a word.  I knew that half the other employees were misfits, slackers, or druggies, so my tardiness was really nothing to worry about.  I wasn’t even as bad as Lilly in the crafts section, who called out sick at least once per week just to stay home and binge eat.  I was the least of Mark’s worries.
I found Cole in the fine paper section, writing prices on large sheets of handmade colored paper with a pencil.  The giant, peach-colored sheet that he was working on was priced at ten dollars and fifty cents.  “Gotta be pretty rich to buy paper here, don’t you?” I said.
Cole looked at me, then returned to his work.  “You look like total shit,” he said.
“Thanks.  Well, that’s how I feel, too.”
“Out again last night?” Cole asked, still writing prices on fancy paper.
“No, I stayed in and drank instead.  I was alone last night.”
“Probably for the better, except for the drinking.  But I’m not giving you any more advice.”
“You just did.  It’s okay, Cole.  I’m going to change myself very soon.  Maybe even ditch this job.   So, you won’t have to worry about me anymore.”
“Yeah, well… Good luck with that.”
Cole and I worked in silence for the rest of the day.  I took a thirty-minute break for lunch and ate a sandwich at the deli next door.  I splurged on a five-dollar turkey and swiss cheese baguette with mustard.  I ate ravenously.
I did as Dick had asked and kept to my routine.  I didn’t go out to the poetry reading, though.  I didn’t want to have to face Dick without being able to really talk to him.  The days passed with an odd placidity.  The leaves fell from the trees and the air grew colder.  I didn’t own a pair of winter boots.  I’d have to find some before it snowed.  My pager stayed utterly silent.  Now that I was working a dull job at an art supply store, I was off everyone’s radar.
It was seven o’clock in the evening on a Thursday, thirteen days after my drive to the beach with Dick.  I’d done some overtime at work to try to keep my mind off things.  I was walking home under the streetlights with my hands in my pockets, wondering whether Real Money was dead or alive.  I feared Real Money for what he’d done to me, but I didn’t want him exactly dead.  The idea of someone being murdered because of me chilled me, but the whole situation was out of my hands.  Just like Real Money was too big and powerful for me to fight on my own, Dick was too big and powerful for me to stop him from doing what he thought was right.  The world moved under my feet and raced around the sun and I just existed, without will of my own.  I was a currency or a prize to these men, or, in Dick’s case, an angel of forgiveness to worship.  But the real me was buried so deep beneath the skin that I no longer knew who she was.  The only times I felt real were when I was angry or afraid.
“Hey, aren’t you Nikki?” A very large man stood on the curb outside the bar called The Station, just a few blocks from my house.
“No, I think you have the wrong person,” I said coldly.  I was hoping he wouldn’t recognize me if I just pretended to be someone else.
“Yeah… Yeah, you are… I remember you.  You were with me and Real Money at the steak house last summer.  I said something impolite and you got so mad, you pointed your steak knife at me.  I wouldn’t forget the girl who did that.  What are you doing out here all alone?  Aren’t you with someone?”  The man had dark chocolate skin and wore a red leather cap over his bald head.  A big, gold chain sat on his chest over his black, collared shirt.
“No… I don’t remember that.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your night.”  I started to walk away.
“Nikki, you can’t fool me.  Everyone remembers you because you never talked like you were from the street.  You always stuck out like a sore thumb.  Well, Real Money was stabbed in prison two days ago.  I bet you didn’t know that.  You know he had turned to Jesus in there.  His final words were a prayer.  I know it’s you, Nikki.  I wouldn’t forget those lips.”
I turned to look at the man.  It was Ruby, someone I’d only met a few times.  He was one of Real Money’s associates, not as big as Real Money, or as dangerous, but almost as mean.  I thought I’d better keep walking, but Ruby caught up to me.
“Leave me alone,” I said in a low voice.  I didn’t want to draw attention.
“You know Real Money had a big chunk of change that he’d stashed with his ex-wife before he went back in.  He told me after he found Jesus that he wanted you to have some of it.  Said something about proverbs and making amends… Maybe he was crazy but we gotta do what he wanted.  It’s only right.  I heard it’s about a quarter million.”
“I don’t want his money.”  I hissed the words.  I was starting to feel angry.  My real self was coming up like a snake popping its head from a hole.
“Someone from outside ordered the killing.  You know how people do nothing but talk in prison.   Word gets around fast.  Real fast.  Real Money had a lot of friends but not many enemies.  We should figure out who did it in no time.”
I was starting to feel queasy.  If I had to leave the city, then a quarter million dollars would be all I needed to escape for good.  It was more money than I had imagined I could ever have.  Something stirred inside me, something selfish and instinctive.  Just like I’d known not to say a word after Dick confessed to being a killer, I knew I’d have to get that money if I was going to stay alive.  Dick was sloppy enough that someone would figure out that we knew each other.  He took too many pills and drank too much.  Dick was bound to make a few mistakes.  I realized that I had to start thinking for myself.
“So, Ruby… Where’s this ex-wife you’re talking about with all the money?  How can I find her?”
“Well, Nikki, since we’re being honest now, she’s on Mill Avenue behind the abandoned chocolate factory.  It’s not too far from here.  I can take you there right now.”
I looked at Ruby.  The Mill Yards was the worst neighborhood in the city.  What would a quarter million dollars be doing there?  Ruby’s eyes looked so dark that I couldn’t see his pupils without staring.  I realized that I didn’t have any way to defend myself if things went wrong.  But then I remembered something Real Money had told me on my first night with him.  His ex-wife was into Jesus so much that she went to church every day.  She’d kicked him out when she’d turned religious.  Maybe Real Money had finally gotten the Jesus bug too.  Maybe Ruby’s story was true.
I would have to go right then.  Stalling would have aroused too much suspicion from Ruby.  I checked my pockets for anything that might be used as a weapon of self-defense.  Something thin as paper was in the back pocket of my jeans.  I touched it with my thumb and forefinger.  It felt like a card.  My jacket pockets contained my wallet and a ball point pen.
“Looking for something?” Ruby asked, still smiling broadly.
“I forgot my keys,” I said smoothly.  “My landlord will let me back in later.  So, where’s your ride?”
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Ruby said. “It’s down the block… The black caddy.”
“Points for originality,” I said under my breath.  Ruby didn’t hear me at all.  He was too busy walking in the direction of his huge, shiny car.
I slid into the front seat of Ruby’s car.  The interior was all leather the color of vanilla ice cream.  A voodoo trinket that looked like a skeleton with scruffy blonde hair hung from the rearview mirror.  It swung from side to side in a horrific dance as Ruby got into his seat.  Ruby must have weighed over two hundred and fifty pounds, more than double my weight.  If he decided to take me anywhere that I didn’t really want to go, I’d have no choice but to try to bail out of the car.  I left my seatbelt unfastened.
We rolled through the city at exactly the speed limit.  I remembered that Real Money used to drive just as carefully all the time, following every traffic rule to the letter.  It was a way to avoid police attention, but smart cops probably noticed it just as much for its conspicuousness.  Mill Avenue was just a few miles south, but the buildings in the neighborhood were ramshackle and dirty looking.  Almost all of them had chipped paint or cracked windows.  Strangely, a shiny new car was parked in nearly every driveway.  As though he were reading my thoughts, Ruby said, “People need their cars to be nice when they can’t have nice places to live.  None of these people would be allowed in better neighborhoods even if they had the money.  Some of them even do have the money.  You never been to this neighborhood?”
“No,” I answered flatly.  Yet this was where Real Money probably lived when he wasn’t holding me hostage in a motel room or roaming the streets of the city looking for prey.  For such a powerful thug, this neighborhood looked almost pathetic.  
“You know, you can always come to me if you need something, Nikki,” Ruby said as we pulled into the driveway of a rundown brick duplex.
“I won’t need anything from you,” I said, keeping my tone even.  The only way to avoid being lured into the den of a dangerous animal was to play dead.  I didn’t want to seem needy or afraid.  Ruby would only take advantage of those feelings and try to reel me in.  I didn’t know where I was going, but I did know absolutely that I didn’t want to go there with Ruby.  He would know that it was pointless to try to force me to join him.  I’d only run away.  So, if he couldn’t convince me with sweet talk, he wouldn’t go any further.
“I’m going to see if Princess is home.  Just stay here until I come get you.  I want to make sure she’s in the mood for company,” Ruby said, getting out of the car.
I took a few breaths.  The air smelled of old cigars and marijuana.  I noticed a box of condoms on the floor by my feet.  I did another inventory of myself, realizing I hadn’t checked my pager in two days.  I clicked the button on the side and saw one new message from the day before: “IT’S DONE”.  That must have been from Dick, since he was the only one who was likely to use my pager number.  I reached into my back pocket and pulled out the tarot card.   It was still the hanged man, but this time the image was of a woman with short platinum hair, just like mine.  Her lips were red.  She was hanged upside down by one foot.  Her denim jacket and jeans matched my clothing exactly.   It was me.  I thought back to the sentence in the tarot manual: “The one who is most guilty is sacrificed and becomes a prophet in the end.”  It had been Dick’s face on the hanged man card just after he confessed at the beach.  Now I was the guilty one for ordering a murder.  The card always showed who was guilty as sin.  This time it was me.  I suddenly felt terrible guilt.  This was something that could never be undone.  
I put the card back in my pocket and zipped up my jacket.  The air was getting cold in the car since Ruby had turned the ignition key before getting out.  I saw he’d left the keys hanging there, ready for a quick exit.  He either trusted me not to take off, or he knew that I would never be that stupid.  The way this city worked, I’d be found within a couple of days if I tried to take Ruby’s car for a ride.  People just talked way too much.   That was why I was feeling anxious that sooner or later, Real Money’s murder would be traced back to me.  Ruby might even have suspected it already.  I had to take the chance in case there was enough money waiting for me in that rundown duplex that I could finally escape the city for good.
I looked towards the front door where Ruby was waiting.  A woman with hot pink hair emerged from the doorway.  She was terrifyingly thin, with long, white fake nails and a long scar across her throat.  Her skin was pale as paper and she wore no makeup, except for a shock of purple on her lips.  She had blotches of acne on her cheeks.   Surely this could not be Princess.  I’d heard so many stories from Real Money about how she was a superwoman of the streets who could go into the city at seven o’clock and have two thousand dollars by midnight.  This woman looked more like any of the crack addicts that I saw afterhours in the red zone.  Furthermore, she didn’t look like she had very long to live.
Ruby walked back to the Cadillac quickly.  For the first time, I saw that he was wearing red hi-top sneakers knotted at the tops instead of tied.  Most thugs went with athletic wear in those days, but Ruby couldn’t decide which way to dress, so he paired a dress shirt with track pants and sneakers.  The look would have been ridiculous anywhere else, but in this neighborhood, it blended right in.  I was certain that his chains were real gold and probably cost more than I would have earned in a year.  Yet, Ruby probably lived in a rundown building just like this one.  Living this way made sense to everyone who was native to the area.  For many, it was all they’d ever seen.  But to me, it was just another aspect of class warfare gone wrong.  I thought that in twenty-five or fifty years, nobody would care much about race anymore.  All anybody was going to care about was money.  Real Money had taken that name for a reason.
“Hey, she’s in a good mood.  So, just follow me and try not to talk too much.  When she gives you the money, I’ll be satisfied with twenty-five percent for my trouble,” Ruby said.  He opened the car door and helped me out of the car.  I was so light that he almost lifted me off the ground with his strength.  I suddenly knew I’d been crazy for thinking I might be able to defend myself with a ball point pen.  I’d be dead in less than a minute if I went at it with Ruby.  We both knew it.  This was probably why he wasn’t even bothering to act mean.  He didn’t need to try to intimidate me.  Just our size difference was enough.
“I’ll give you fifteen percent and you have to let me talk,” I said.
Ruby laughed. “Got that right!  Well, Princess won’t give up any money unless it’s to you.  She respects her man’s last wish and she’s a religious woman.  So, I guess we’ve got a deal.”
I knew that Ruby wasn’t doing any of this for free.  At least he’d finally made his demand and it was settled.  Now, all I had to worry about was Princess.  We walked up the path, which was littered with several small piles of dog excrement.  Princess had gone inside the duplex, leaving the front door unlocked.  Ruby twisted the knob and walked into the dark apartment.
“Princess forgot to pay the electricity bill.  She’s been having a hard time since Real Money went to prison.  You know, hitting the pipe too hard.  Just don’t mention it, okay?”  Ruby put a finger to his lips.  I nodded.
The place was piled with dirty clothes, ripped magazines and toys.  Dirty dishes sat on the coffee table with flies on them.  A large painting of Jesus crucified hung over the fireplace with six white votive candles at its base.  The heat was turned up so high that I was sweating.  “Why’s it so hot?” I asked.
“Landlord pays the heating bill and she likes heat.”  Ruby wiped his brow with the back of his hand.  I could see that he was trying not to let the sweat show, just like I was.
Princess sat in a weathered leather chair in the center of the room.  She looked as though she’d been very beautiful once, but drugs and anorexia had claimed all of that beauty years ago.  A ring jutted out from her lower lip with a turquoise bead on it.  I saw the initials, “R.M.” tattooed in script between her left thumb and forefinger.  This was definitely the Princess that Real Money had praised so much to me, but she was nothing like he’d described.  I supposed it was foolish to be surprised when discovering that a thug had lied exorbitantly.  And now Real Money was dead, so all that was left was the awful truth.  He wasn’t alive to make up any more stories to cover it up.
“Praise Jesus, you’ve arrived.  Just like our Savior will one day,” Princess said in a surprisingly powerful voice.  She must have weighed ninety pounds.
Ruby stepped forward.  “We’ll find out who killed your man, Princess. You have my promise on that.  But Nikki here deserves some cash, just like Real Money promised before he passed on.”
“Whoever ordered it must have hated me too, because I surely have suffered with this loss,” Princess said, her blue eyes huge and empty.  She couldn’t have been more than thirty-five years old, but she looked close to fifty.  Fifteen years with Real Money had aged her rapidly.  All that was left of her youth was the incredulous look in her eyes when she saw us.  She shouldn’t have been surprised to see us there at all.  After all, Real Money was gone for good and a lot of money was at stake.  Those of us who had crossed him didn’t have much more to fear.
“You think it was someone from around here?” I asked carefully.
“Yeah, probably a man who had been too badly insulted by Real Money’s success in life.  It was jealousy for sure.”  Princess lit a cigarette and the match illuminated the room so that I could see the stained wallpaper and filthy Afghan rug.  The rug must have been worth over a thousand dollars when it had been new.  I knew this because my parents owned several such rugs when I was a child.
“Well, we’ll find out.  Word gets around here,” Ruby said.  “We’ve got to be going soon, though.”
“The money’s not here,” Princess said, her voice suddenly confident again.  “And how do I know you didn’t kill him for it?  How do I know that?”
I saw that her hand was shaking as she held the cigarette.  A long piece of ash fell to the floor.  A tiny orange ember drifted downward and she stomped on it with her bare foot.
“Nikki here didn’t even know about the money until less than an hour ago.  And I was Real Money’s friend.”  Ruby squatted down and rested his hands on his knees.  “Now, Princess, what did your man say last time you visited him in prison, right before he passed on?”
Princess sighed heavily.  She looked towards the window, where a tiny shaft of light was peeking through the curtains from the streetlight outside.  Suddenly, she looked even older, perhaps sixty.   “He said that he’d need to repay the people he’d wronged in this life so he could go to heaven in the next life.”
“Yeah…” Ruby said, now talking to Princess as though she were a child.  “So, where is it if it’s not here?  Where’s the money?”
“I hid it and I forgot where…” Princess said spitefully.
We were at an impasse, all three of us.  It was pointless to try to coax a huge sum of money from a down and out crack addict.  I was starting to feel as though we should cut our losses and leave.  Princess was more and more suspicious by the minute, and her drug-induced paranoia wasn’t helping.  Maybe there never was any money for me there.  Maybe we were just chasing a stupid dream.
Princess looked towards a large box freezer by the front door.  I remembered that any time Real Money had gone to get cash, it had been half frozen when he took it out of his bag.  The money was in the freezer.  Princess’ eyes had betrayed her secret.  I saw the look of recognition in Ruby’s eyes at that moment.  He was thinking the very same thing.  Surely, he’d gotten frozen cash from Real Money many times as well.
Suddenly my hip vibrated.  It was my pager.  I pulled it from my hip and read the tiny screen.  The message was from Dick.  It said ‘911’ and then a seven-digit phone number.  “Do you mind if I use your phone?” I asked Princess.
“In the kitchen, but make it quick,” she said.
The kitchen was illuminated by a large candle on the counter top.  A pink phone was mounted to the wall.  I dialed the number on my pager.  Dick’s voice was on the other end of the line.  “Hey, Jane, where are you?”
“I’m at Real Money’s old place with his ex-wife.  What do you want?”
“Someone else killed Real Money before my guy could even get to him.  I just found out.  It was probably the ex-wife’s idea.  You should just leave before things get too hot there.  Take my word for it.  You promise?”
“Fine,” I said.  I hung up the phone.
I took the tarot card from my back pocket and held it to the candle so that I could see the image.  The card showed a pale woman with pink hair and a scar on her throat, hanging from a tree upside down by one ankle.  It was Princess.  “The one who is most guilty is sacrificed and becomes a prophet in the end.”  I whispered the words from the leather-bound book, shivering with relief.  So, I hadn’t gotten Real Money killed.  
I found Ruby standing in the corner of the room eyeing the freezer.  He was probably calculating how he could take the money without hurting Princess too badly.  After all, she’d been the most important woman in Real Money’s life, and friendship still had to mean something.  He wasn’t going to risk killing her, and she was fragile as a rotted tree branch.  Her bones would break if he so much as pushed her too hard.
“You know, Princess,” I said carefully, watching her eyes for signs of comprehension.  “My parents sent me to religious studies every Sunday for twelve years, so I know a little about the Bible.  In Proverbs, it says that whoever conceals their sins does not prosper, but the one who confesses and renounces them finds mercy.  Does that sound familiar to you?”
I saw her eyes widen with recognition.  “Yes, I do know Proverbs.  The Bible is the only book I read.  So, don’t you think I know that?”
“Don’t you want to go to heaven with Real Money when you die?  He did a lot of bad things, but didn’t he make peace with Jesus at the end?”
“Yes,” Princess said solemnly.  “He confessed everything, including what he did to you.”
“You know that Jesus gave me a sign and I think he knows you’re guilty,” I said.  I took the tarot card from my back pocket and held it right in front of Princess’ face so that she could see it in the candle light.  “It’s you, isn’t it?”
“How did you do that?” Princess cried out incredulously.  “That can’t be real!”
“It is real.  Jesus knows what you did, and he’s showing you a sign,” I said.  “There’s mercy for those who confess.”
“Ok, I ordered Real Money killed.  I made it happen.  I was sick of him threatening me the way he did.  Don’t you see what he did to my throat?  I wanted the money!”  Princess sank deeper into her chair as though she could hide.  She reached for the crack pipe on the coffee table, maybe to soothe herself.
I looked at Ruby.  He was staring at Princess with his arms crossed over his chest.  His eyes looked darker than usual.  I reached into my jacket pocket for the ball point pen and gripped it with my left hand.  When Ruby lunged for Princess, I knew he meant to kill her.  A man like that was used to getting away with murder.  He knew that nobody would care about a dead crack addict in the worst neighborhood of the city.  Just like the authorities hadn’t bothered to investigate the killing of Real Money in prison any further than the man who held the blade.
I didn’t like Princess, but I didn’t want to see her murdered in front of me, so I did the only thing that would stop Ruby from breaking her neck: I thrust the pen into Ruby’s left eye an sent him sprawling to the floor.  He passed out but he was far from dead.  We only had a few minutes.
“You have to leave this place right now,” I said.
Princess lit her crack pipe and took a slow pull from it, exhaling a plume of yellow smoke that smelled of a combination of cinnamon and urine.  “I’m not going nowhere,” she said.  Then she took another pull from her pipe, the flame from the lighter coming dangerously close to her pink wig.  For a moment I saw the dangerous street bitch that Real Money had talked up so much.  Princess was pathetic and near dead, but she feared absolutely nothing except for Real Money and the Lord.  And Real Money was dead.  So, there was nothing left for her to fear but the Lord.
I looked at the freezer.  “It’s not in there,” Princess said.
I moved over to the big square freezer and opened the lid.  Inside were a few big bags of ice.  I moved one aside to see a pink gym bag.  When I unzipped it, I saw that it was filled with cash.  “You can’t take it!” Princess shouted, struggling to get out of her chair.  Her mini skirt rode up her pencil thin thighs.  I could see lines of track marks on her legs towards her groin.   No wonder she wore long sleeves.
I put my hand in my back pocket and felt the tarot card with my palm.  I looked at Princess and showed her the card again.  “The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge,” I said.
Princess clutched her skinny chest with her right hand.  I saw that she was missing two fake nails and another one was broken in half.  “I can’t take this,” she said weakly.  “I only did what I thought I had to do.  Please forgive me.”
I grabbed the gym bag and walked out the front door.  I got into Ruby’s Cadillac and turned the ignition key.  The motor turned over twice but wouldn’t start.  I cursed and slammed the steering wheel with my palms.  Someone knocked on the driver’s side window.  I froze.
“Need a ride?”  It was Dick, looking clean shaven and tough in a black leather jacket.
“Yeah,” I said.
Dick opened the car door and pulled me out.  I dragged the pink gym bag with me.  “My car is over there,” Dick said, pointing to his black thunderbird.
“How’d you pay for that anyway?” I asked, not expecting an answer.
“Work,” Dick said.
“I thought as much.”
We drove back to the city center, out of the dire wasteland of the Mill Yard.  “You can’t stay at your place tonight,” Dick said.  “You’ll have to stay with me for a few days until we can think of something else.  You can’t go back to your job, either, or talk to any of your friends.”
“I don’t have any friends,” I said.  By then the shock of what I’d done was still potent.  The pen had made a terrible squishing sound when it had penetrated Ruby’s eye.  I thought of it and grimaced.  I put my hands over my nose and mouth and breathed rapidly.
“That’s even better,” Dick said.  “Nobody will miss you.”
“I just need to pick something up at my place.  Nobody will be home.  My landlord goes out on Thursday nights with her boyfriend and my roommate is working tonight.”
“Make it quick.”
I slipped my hand under the flowerpot at the front door and grabbed the spare key.  I raced up the stairs to my bedroom.  The room looked old, like I had last seen it years ago.  Yet, the bed covers were wrinkled from just the previous night.  My deck of tarot cards sat on the windowsill, next to the bed.  I placed the hanged man card back in the deck and shuffled it.  Then I split the deck just as before.  I saw the card facing up was labeled, ‘The Magician’.  In the guide book, it was called the card of transformation.  The guide said of the magician card: “The skill of transformation comes from access to the greatest potential within.”  I placed the card in my back pocket and took one last look at my bedroom.  I saw the pocketknife I kept next to my bed and slipped it into my pocket.  Then I turned the light out at the switch and left it for good.
Dick was waiting, his shiny new car still running.  “What took you so long?” he asked.
“I had to get a couple of things.”  I fastened my seat belt with the tarot deck in my lap.
“Those things again?” Dick said.  “What’s so important about those?  I thought you didn’t believe in magic?”
“I never said that,” I said.
We drove through the city in the dark, the wind gusting through the streets and alleys, blowing people’s coats and hair, sending them running.  I pulled the magician card from my back pocket and peeked at it carefully.  Dick’s eyes stayed fixed on the road.  The image was definitely me, but with long, platinum hair and a black dress.  I was about to be transformed.


The Magician

 
The dreams of Real Money started as soon as he was sent back to prison, and they increased in frequency after he was dead.  Usually, in these dreams, he did things that he had never done in life, and he was an exaggerated version of himself.  He was even more muscular, more violent and sharper with his words.  I viewed this as proof that he would always be a part of me, down to my subconscious self, where all my darkest fantasies and grandiose wishes resided.  After I moved in with Dick, I started dreaming of Real Money every night.  I never told Dick about these dreams, nor did he ask me why I woke up gasping for air and clutching the covers.  In our world, everyone had secrets that gave them nightmares.  It might have been stranger if I’d slept peacefully.  
One of many dreams that I had at Dick’s apartment was set in the red zone of the city.  Real Money and I were going to a movie theater to see a blockbuster action film.  I was wearing a bright red costume wig and a blue plastic jacket.  Real Money had bought those items for me, and he was eager to show me off in public.  I was aware of two college men staring at us on the street outside the theater.  They were whispering to each other and pointing.  Real Money swaggered up to one of the men and said something softly to him, so that I couldn’t hear what it was.  The college guy got upset and threw his hands up in front of his chest as though to offer a firm denial of Real Money’s request.  Real Money made a fist with his right hand and grabbed the man’s nose between his index and ring finger, so hard that the man cried out.  
I knew that I could do nothing to stop Real Money from making a scene, so I just watched helplessly.  By then the whole crowd was watching.  Mothers with their young children and men with their dates gaped at the enormous denim-clad criminal about to make a meal of a skinny man in a Polo jacket.  Right as Real Money was forcing his victim to his knees, saying, “I’ll show you something about respect, my friend… It hurts both of us when you misbehave in front of my girl,” a large mongrel dog appeared from a dark corner of the street and barked at the two of them.
Real Money ignored the dog at first.  Soon, there were two dogs, then three, then four.  All of the mothers with their children and men with their dates continued staring at us, as though there was nothing unusual about four dogs coming from nowhere and intervening.  Nobody said a word.  
A black, mangy dog with a slight limp on its back paw snapped at Real Money with its jaws.  Real Money reached down with his free hand and grabbed the dog by the muzzle.  The scared college man cried out, “Oh God!” then fainted.  Real Money let him collapse on the sidewalk.  I noticed that the front of the man’s khakis were stained with urine.  
The other three dogs whined and sat on their rumps, suddenly wagging their tails.  Real Money said, “Down, boy,” and released the dog’s muzzle from his grip.  The dog licked Real Money’s hand.  
“C’mon, girl.  Let’s go,” Real Money said calmly.  I hesitated, looking at the guy lying in wet pants on the sidewalk just a few feet away.  “I told you never hesitate” Real Money said, grabbing me by the arm.  Everyone in the crowd was trying not to watch.  Nobody was staring anymore except the children.  
A voice came to me in the dream.  It was a man’s voice, low and resonant, like the voice of someone hired to announce movie trailers or car commercials.  “This is what it means to be angry,” the voice said.  The four dogs lunged at me, growling.  
I woke up gasping for air.  As usual, Dick didn’t ask me why I was panicked.  He slid to a sitting position on the bed, his back to me, and lit a cigarette.  I hated the smell of cigarette smoke, but I didn’t have the heart to tell Dick, since I knew that it would upset him if he thought that he was making me uncomfortable with his habit.  
The room was bare except for the bed and two large moving boxes.  The rest of the apartment was equally bare, with just one plate and one skillet in the kitchen, and a small wooden table and chair in the corner of the living room.  The shades were drawn, and I guessed that Dick never let the sun shine into the room.  There was no window in the bedroom, just a blank white wall.  
“Why don’t you make this place more inviting?” I asked.  “A wall decoration or a plant would help.”
“Because I never stay in the same place long enough to care,” Dick answered.  “And, besides, I never intended to have any guests.  I’m breaking my own rule, here, just for you.”
I thought again of our conversation at the beach just a couple of months earlier.  If Dick took money to kill people, then he probably worked for someone in the city.  That person was probably just as dangerous as Real Money had been, possibly more dangerous.  I wondered if Dick would kill me if that person told him to do it.  
“If you had panicked at the beach that day,” Dick said, as though answering my thought, “I would have had to end you right there.  I couldn’t have you telling anyone about me.”
“How did you know I wasn’t going to tell anyone?” I asked.  Dick’s back was still facing me. I could see his chest expand and contract with each breath.  He was breathing slowly, like a sleeping lion at the zoo.  I let go of the sheets and pressed my knees to my chest.  I was wearing one of Dick’s sweatshirts, which was so big on me that it went nearly to my knees.  
“Because I’m a very good judge of character,” Dick said.  A plume of smoke drifted to the ceiling in the shadows.  Only the light from the bathroom shone on our faces.  There was no lamp in the bedroom.  
“You were really just going to kill me?”  I asked, my voice shaking a little bit and going high with anxiety.  I was desperately trying not to show it, but I was scared.  I felt this way every time my life was threatened, no matter how many times it happened.  I was never going to be the fearless warrior that Real Money had tried so hard to create.  With Real Money dead, there was no more point in trying to be fearless.  
“No, I was never going to kill you,” Dick said, finally turning to look into my eyes.  His grey eyes shone in the semi-darkness with all the intensity of someone taking their last breath.  “I knew for sure that I wasn’t going to need to kill you, so there was never any risk.  You did just what I thought you would, didn’t you?”
“So why are you telling me this?” I asked.
“Because I want you to know what kind of person I am,” Dick said, still staring at my face.  His gaze drifted towards my pink mouth.  “I need someone to know so that I can keep moving forward.  Otherwise, doing it alone forever… I just would have never seen the point.”
“What if I hate you for it?” I said.
“I would probably respect you even more, but I still would know you’d never tell a soul.”  Dick turned away and stubbed out his cigarette.  I wondered if he was living in some form of hit man cliché in this nearly empty apartment, and why he had chosen me for the witness to all his misdeeds and suffering.  I decided that I would do exactly what he so fervently hoped I would do: I would forgive him.  This would be easy, because he had tried to liberate me from Real Money.  Anyone who had known Real Money when he was alive would have known how impossible this truly was.  Anyone who would attempt the impossible with such dedication had to be redeemable.  
If I was to be Dick’s witness, then so be it.  Ever since early adolescence, I’d had the feeling that things weren’t really even happening unless someone was watching.  Maybe Dick had the same feeling about his life.  
“We have to go downtown this morning,” Dick said.  “The only way to hide is in plain sight.  You’re going to have to meet my boss so that he can decide where you’ll be hiding.”
“I won’t be staying with you anymore?” I asked, nervously.  
“You’ll sleep here, but you can’t stay here all the time.  I’m going to find somewhere for you to be.  Siril will know what to do.”
“Who is Siril?”
“You’ll find out when we get there,” Dick said.
“What about the money?” I asked.  We had not spoken of the pink gym bag filled with the then deceased Real Money’s cash since arriving at Dick’s apartment.  Yet it was sitting in the bedroom closet like a dirty secret.
“Siril will hold it for us.  It’s not safe here,” Dick said sternly.
I dressed in the only clothes I had there: black jeans and a black tee shirt.  I had a light jacket that really wasn’t warm enough for the cool December air.  I found my deck of tarot cards on the floor next to the bed.  The magician card was on top, just where I’d left it.  I kept all the cards face down because I was afraid to see what they might reveal.  In any case, such magic was better left only for times when it was most needed.  I’d seen myself on the card not long before, with long platinum hair instead of short hair, and a black dress.  I already knew that this was a glimpse of my future.  The guide book had said of the magician card: “The skill of transformation comes from access to the greatest potential within.”  I was more than ready to reach a higher potential.  I’d been only half living for the better part of a year.  I pocketed the top card without looking at it.
Dick and I took the back stairs and exited the large, brick building.  There must have been at least a hundred apartments in the complex.  I assumed that Dick did not have a traditional lease or pay his rent to a regular landlord.  I was smart enough by then to be sure of such things.  We got into his shiny, black car and rode through the city in the dim winter light.  
“Siril will be happy to see you,” Dick said.  “I think he had been starting to wonder if I would ever stop doing everything solo.  He cares about my mental health, you know.  My head matters just as much as my trigger finger.”
I didn’t respond.  I didn’t really like it when Dick talked about his occupation.  Anyway, I thought his real job was a day camp counselor for disturbed children until only about two months earlier.  But, then again, at first Real Money had presented himself as a personal trainer.  People often lied about their occupations, at least in this city they did.  
We arrived at a tall building among many other tall, shiny buildings.  The neighborhood smelled of money and expensive underwear.  Dick opened the car door for me and I stepped onto the street, which looked oddly free of litter.  A doorman in a black suit nodded at Dick and waved us into the lobby.  We walked into a palatial hall with high ceilings and slick, white floors.  Delicate ferns lined the hall below tall, crystal clear windows.  The room seemed brighter than the outside world had been in the morning sun.  It was somehow a separate world from the noisy city outside.  The first thing I noticed was the absolute silence.
In the elevator, Dick tried to smile at me as though to reassure me.  This only made me more nervous.  The indicator above the door lit up on the twentieth floor, and we entered a hallway carpeted in plush red.  I saw myself in the mirror across from the elevator.  My face was still just as bone thin as before, my cropped hair white blonde.  I looked ghostly in the warm light of the plush hall, like I didn’t belong there.  I noticed that Dick avoided the mirror altogether.
Siril greeted us as we approached a heavy, gray door.  “I see you are here,” he said.  “I always know when I have visitors from looking through the security cameras.”  He spoke with a strange accent, perhaps Russian or Eastern European.  Siril was tall and lithe, like a dancer.  His brow was furrowed over sharp, green eyes and an angular jaw.  He looked like he’d recently been to a sunny locale, as his skin was freshly tanned and taut.  He was handsome in the way of men who use a lot of expensive hair and skin products.  He smelled of fine, woody musk.  
Dick hugged Siril, and Siril slapped Dick’s back hard.  They looked like two old friends meeting for the first time in years.  Siril looked me up and down from my face down to my leather boots.  “You’re prettier than I expected,” he said simply.  “Welcome to my home in the city.”
I found myself too shy to say ‘thank you’, so I followed Dick into Siril’s apartment in silence.  As Dick’s boss, this man had no doubt ordered many people dead, and perhaps killed a few himself.  But he was warm and human, just as Dick was.  It seemed strange that such people didn’t grow fangs or develop cold blood.  But Real Money had been just as merciless, and at one point, I’d loved him too.  I found Siril intimidating, but I was drawn to his air of high confidence.  I wasn’t surprised to see his living room filled with fine furniture and fine paintings.  I stared at a wide canvas splattered with yellow, black and blue.  
“That’s a Pollock,” Siril said.  “Nobody knows that I have it.  I collect stolen art and artifacts.”  He spoke with the same confidence as before, and his eyes sparkled as he admired the painting.  It was serenely beautiful.  “Now, Jane we are going to give you a new appearance and a new name.  You will be remade in a single day.  How would you feel about that?”
I looked at the white leather couch and the elegant glass coffee table.  I saw the panoramic view of the city through the large, floor-to-ceiling window across the room.  I realized that I wouldn’t mind being transformed into whatever Siril wanted me to be.  It could only be an improvement.  “I’m okay to get started,” I said.
“Good!”  Siril disappeared into another room and then returned with a black duffel bag.  “Take a shower and then put all of this on,” he said.  
I looked at Dick, standing there holding the pink gym bag full of cash.  “We have something for you, too,” he said.  “It’s from this dude called Real Money and his friend, Princess.”  Dick tossed the bag towards Siril. 
Siril unzipped the pink bag and examined the cash inside.  “Why is it slightly wrinkled?” he asked.
“It was stored in a freezer for awhile, then it had to dry out,” I answered.  
“It’s still worth plenty,” Siril said with a smile.
I took my boots off in the bathroom, then peeled my street clothes off as well.  The bathroom was decorated in white tile, matching the color scheme of the living room.  Three red, plush towels hung over the rail next to the shower.  They were neatly folded and freshly laundered.  I stepped naked into the spacious shower and turned on the hot water.  Three shower heads started to spurt water on different sides of the shower stall.  It must have been large enough to fit six people.   The hot water relaxed me and I scrubbed myself with fancy soap, feeling oddly secure in this strange man’s home.
As I toweled myself dry, I looked at the black duffel bag.  I already knew what would be in it.  I had seen the image on the magician tarot card, and things that appeared on the cards had a way of coming true.  I unzipped the bag to find a long, platinum wig and a black vinyl dress.  I stepped into the dress, realizing that I was so thin that it left me room at the hips.  A tube of lipstick called ‘Ferrari Red’ was nestled in one of the black booties at the bottom of the bag.  I dragged it across my full lips and slipped the wig onto my head.  I thought it all looked like a Halloween costume, unreal and frightful.  But I looked just like the image that had appeared on the magician tarot card.  The guide book had said of the magician card: “The skill of transformation comes from access to the greatest potential within.”  If this was my greatest potential, then so be it.  I didn’t know what Siril wanted from me, but it couldn’t be any worse than what Real Money had wanted.  I glared at my reflection in the bathroom mirror, my eyes turning to slits.  
There was a small, leather purse on the floor with the contents of the duffel bag that Siril had given to me.  I thought of the tarot card and reached into the back pocket of my discarded jeans.  I was surprised by what I saw.  Instead of me on the card, there was an image of Princess, but she was no longer emaciated by drug abuse and neglect.  Her full face was almost pretty under her pink wig.  Her lips were stained purple just as they had been on the day that I’d taken Real Money’s cash from her.  I recognized her by the distinctive scar across her throat.  She was dressed in a white party dress, and she stood over a table covered with magical objects, one hand touching a glass globe.  I hadn’t seen the last of Princess.  I was then sure of it.  I put the tarot card into my new purse and walked carefully into the living room in the heeled booties.
Dick’s eyes widened when he saw me in my new guise.  “You look great,” he said.
“Really?  I feel like I’m in some kind of costume.  I wouldn’t really want to go out like this.”
“But you will,” Siril said.  “That’s the plan, for you to hide in plain sight.  Who are these people who are going to be looking for you?”
“Princess and Ruby,” Dick said.  “Princess had a load of cash in a freezer at her place that she probably thinks belongs to her, but it doesn’t.  Ruby lost an eye trying to attack her after she admitted to having Real Money killed.”  I thought it was considerate of Dick not to mention that I’d taken out Ruby’s eye with a ball point pen.
“Now, let’s decide what to do,” Siril said.  “You’re going to go to a club called The Labyrinth on Broad Street near the river.  Jane will be called ‘Nora’ there, and she will mingle with the wealthy guests.  Girls like that draw money into the club and keep it there.  I am part-owner of the club, so I can get her hired with no questions asked.”
“Is that it?” I asked, knowing from my experiences with Real Money that nothing could be so easy in the world of crime.
“No, you will be gathering information as well,” Siril said.  “That will be your real job.  You’ll figure it out when you get there.  Some unsavory people go to The Labyrinth.  Unsavory people with wealth are even worse than the type that are poor and on the streets.  It’s a well-kept secret, though isn’t it?”
“I wouldn’t have guessed,” I said.  But really, this was something that Real Money had told me before.  As mean as Real Money had been, he was wise to the ways of the world.  Maybe that’s why he’d lost all his mercy.
“Time to go,” Dick said.  “You can leave your other clothes here.  Siril will keep them safe, along with the cash.”
I looked at the pink gym bag and thought of the violence that it had caused so far.  I knew that more violence was to come when large sums of money were involved.  Siril patted the bag of cash with his hand and nodded.  We left without another word.
It was by then almost noon, but the sky was gray and the air was cold.  I turned up the heat in Dick’s car and wrapped my arms around my chest.  I thought of the magician tarot card in my purse with Princess’ picture on it.  The last time I’d seen her she’d been nearly dying of drug abuse and anorexia.  On the card, she was fat and pretty again. Somewhere, almost surely Princess was plotting her revenge against me for taking Real Money’s cash, and Ruby was plotting his revenge against me for taking his left eye.  I didn’t want Dick to see me as weak, so I didn’t tell him how afraid I was, but I think he knew anyway.  He could see it in my eyes and my posture.  I was shrinking in my seat and staring straight ahead as though in a trance.
We arrived at The Labyrinth in good time.  I saw several young women in evening dresses smoking cigarettes on the sidewalk under a blue, neon sign.  One of the women saw me through the window of Dick’s car and smirked knowingly.  Her legs were long and thin, and her high heels were so tall and spiked that I wondered how she could walk at all.  Her lips were a hard, fire engine red.  
“We’re here, Sad Eyes,” Dick said, turning off the ignition.  I never asked him why he called me that.  Maybe my past suffering was foremost in Dick’s mind because he had tried to avenge me.  Maybe when he looked at me, he saw an injustice that needed to be made right.  In Dick’s world, it wasn’t an eye for an eye.  It was a slit throat for an eye.  I wondered whether Dick was secretly disappointed that he hadn’t actually been responsible for Real Money’s death as he’d planned.  He made his own rules and assumed that they were universal.  In some circles, that would be a problem, but not in this world.  The most vicious would win and make the rules every time.  I was glad that Dick had such a soft spot for me.  He would never hurt me unless he had to.
The club was lit in reds, yellows and blues.  My heels made a loud clicking sound on the wooden floor.  I saw a DJ booth and a dance floor near the back of the room.  There were blue booths arranged around glass tables surrounding the dance floor and behind the bar.  A large, muscular man in a white tee shirt approached us and shook Dick’s hand.  
“Hi again, friend,” he said.  I could see several gold teeth when he smiled.  
Dick didn’t respond.  He just stood and surveyed the man for about sixty seconds.  We all stood in silence.  I watched the man look at Dick’s hands and then his eyes.  There was a challenge in Dick’s eyes for a moment, and then he relaxed.
“Take care of her.  She’s special,” Dick said.  
The man’s pectorals were so developed that they stretched his shirt at the front.  His face was taut and tanned like a professional wrestler’s.  His hair was greasy with mousse.  
“Alright, it’s done,” he said, smiling again with his gold teeth.  The rest of his teeth were straight and professionally whitened.  They shone under the lights like perfect little candies.
“My name is Nora,” I said, trying to break the tension.
“Good,” the man said.  He stood silently appraising me from head to toe.  Dick seemed to think that the man’s behavior was perfectly normal.  He did not appear to wonder why the man didn’t introduce himself.  I started to wonder what I was in for at this ritzy night club named after a maze.  
“Later…” Dick said.  He gave me a final look, touched my cheek with his fingers, then walked back into the sunlight, where the real world was waiting.  I knew already that I was inhabiting a kind of fantasy in The Labyrinth, where people could reinvent themselves for a night and act on the impulses kept hidden by day.  Real Money had taught me to appraise places just like people.   A place had its own identity and rules that could be felt like the character of a man or woman.  This place was base and hard like an ex-con but flashy and opulent like an eccentric millionaire. 
“You can call me Stefan,” the gold-toothed man said, eyeing me lasciviously.  I tried to hide my discomfort.  I didn’t want to seem too innocent or weak.  I forced a smile.  
“Ok, Stefan,” I said.  “What am I doing tonight?  Where’s the party?”  I put a hand on my hip gently.  It was a subtle gesture, but in my mind, it seemed a show of bravado.  I was going to seem cool with all of this, no matter how I felt inside.
“Good attitude, Nora,” he said, showing all his teeth again.  His hair was thinning and slick with hair gel.  “You can go sit at the bar.  Look comfortable and don’t drink too much.  That means no more than three drinks every four hours.  You can sip slowly.  Everything is on the house.”
“Anything else?” I asked.
“Yeah,” Stefan said, this time flexing his square jaw.  “Pay attention to what you hear from the men in suits, and practice your memorization skills.”
“Is that it?” 
Stefan looked from my booties to my skinny legs, to my Ferrari red lips.  “You have a natural appeal to men.  Just keep it subtle and don’t try too hard.  Everything will go fine.”  Stefan nodded at me as though to acknowledge that our conversation was over.  He walked to the back of the dark room and slipped through a door, leaving me alone under the colored lights.
I walked over to the bar and sat on one of the high, metal bar stools.  The club was empty except for two olive skinned men in gold chains sitting at one of the blue booths facing the dance floor.  They appeared to be drinking in silence.  Maybe they were waiting for someone.
The bartender was tall and muscular, just like Stefan.  I could see that whoever did the hiring in The Labyrinth preferred a certain type of man and woman.  All the women I’d seen outside were thin with big hair and bold lips.  I glanced at myself in the mirror behind the bar.  In my platinum wig, with my deep red lips, I looked like one of those women.  On the inside, I didn’t feel like I fit in with this crowd, but from the outside, I appeared to fit in nicely.  I crossed my legs and lifted my right hand to signal to the bartender.
“What do you like?” he asked in a rough, city accent.  His hair was pulled tightly back in a ponytail, though his hairline was receding at the temples.  His face was marked with light acne scars, and his skin was tanned and taut.  He wore the same white tee shirt that Stefan wore.  
“I’ll take a bottle of Rolling Rock,” I said.
“Girl like you should have something fancier.  I’ll make you a martini,” he said, turning away to start the drink.
I could see that I really didn’t have any freedom in this new occupation.  I’d have to go along for the ride and hope for the best.  When the bartender placed a full martini glass in front of me, complete with two olives, I took the glass in my hand and sipped slowly.  It was bitter, but not very potent.  Clearly management didn’t want the girls to get drunk, and the bar staff knew it.
I waited and sipped my drink for about an hour.  It was hard to tell time in this fantasy world with glowing colored lights.  Suddenly, music started booming from the speakers on the dance floor.  The Labyrinth was coming to life.  It was early afternoon, long before serious club goers would be starting their nights out.  I wondered what business the club had this early in the day, and what kind of clientele might be interested in partying in the afternoon.
Two men in suits entered the club and approached the bar.  One man’s suit was black, and the other man’s suit was gunmetal gray.  They both had aviator sunglasses tucked into the pockets of their jackets.  They occupied the two barstools next to me, both heavy and imposing like apes at the zoo.  At first, they didn’t seem to notice me.  The bartender delivered each of them a cocktail without a word.  These men must have been regular customers, with regular drink preferences.
The heavy man in the black suit leaned over his drink and lowered his voice and said, “The one-eyed fellow is claiming his bitch can see the future.  And he’s mad as hell that some other bitch stole their money.” 
“Like premonitions?” the man in the gray suit asked.
“Yeah, that’s the word for seeing the future, Louis.  Good of you to point that out.”  The man in the black suit took a large sip of his cocktail and slammed it heavily onto the bar.  He sucked in a breath of air.  “The thing is, the bitch who can see the future is the ex-bitch of some real heavy character who was just knifed in prison a couple months ago.  And she is trying to tell people that this character is still alive.”
“There’s no such thing as an ex-bitch,” the man in the gray suit said.  “All this is family for life.  Everyone knows that.”
“I stand corrected,” the man in the black suit said.  “And one more thing about these two… I heard this one from a very reliable source:  The bitch who stole their money has a Chinese tattoo on the inside of her wrist.  It’s one of those symbols that is supposed to say ‘peace’ or some shit, but it actually means ‘dog’.  They’re closing in on her fast.  It’s not going to be pretty when they find her.”
I looked down at my right wrist.  These men were talking about me for sure.  I had a Chinese symbol tattooed on my wrist, but it meant ‘justice’.  I’d paid for the tattoo on the day that Real Money went to prison.  I suddenly wished for gloves or long sleeves.
“So, what does this fortune-telling girl see?” the man in the gray suit asked.   
“A lot of it is gibberish about snow elves or some shit.  But some of it is about who is going to do what, or hot stock picks.”
“I didn’t think street bitches played the market.”
The man in the black suit put his hand on his associate’s shoulder.  “They don’t,” he said.  “That’s what’s so strange about it.”
I was just about to leave, when the man in the gray suit turned to look at me.  “Want a drink, lady?” he said gracelessly.  
I pressed my right wrist against my thigh, knowing that it was conspicuous, but unable to stop myself.  “Sure,” I said.  “Make it sweet.”  
“So, the fortune-telling bitch is coming here tonight to give me some stock advice,” the man in the black suit said.  “I’m handing her five bills for it, no problem.”
“That’s pretty rich,” the other man said.  “Frank, you should work less.  It does your complexion a lot of good.  Isn’t that true, honey?”  He put his hand on my back and smiled.  I cringed, but smiled broadly with my Ferrari red lips.  
If Princess was coming into The Labyrinth, I’d have to try to find out more about her plans and how much she really knew.  It seemed impossible that she could really see the future, so these men had to be gullible or using so many street drugs that they’d lost all discernment for truth.  This type of thing happened to people often in the city.
“I couldn’t help but overhear your conversation,” I said seductively.  “How do you know that this woman can see the future?”  
“Don’t ask too many questions about things that aren’t your business, honey,” the man in the black suit said.  “But, since I like you, I’ll tell you that this bitch has won a few small lottery prizes already.  She can’t get the big money for some superstitious reason.  It’s part of her insanity.  She’s crazy, like the oracles of the old times.”  He smiled at me and all the folds of his face turned to deep lines in unison.  He was an ugly man with heavy jowls and badly done hair plugs.  He reeked of blood money.
“Didn’t know you knew what an oracle was,” the man in the gray suit said.  “I didn’t know you read books, Frank.”
“I don’t read books,” Frank said.  “A hooker who was going to night school told me.  She read books.”
“Did her a lot of good, too didn’t it?”  The man in the gray suit chuckled and took a large sip of his whiskey.  He was fat and stank of deli meat.
“What’s her name?” I asked, knowing the answer but wanting to hear it to confirm my fears.  It was too hard to be merely suspicious that the worst was happening.  It was better to know for sure.
“Ask her yourself.  She’s coming right over,” Frank said.
I turned to look in the direction of Frank’s gaze.  Princess strode across the room in a white evening dress, a white fur stole wrapped across her shoulders.  She looked plump and healthy, just like the image on the magician tarot card in my purse.   It had been two months since I’d taken her money and stabbed Ruby in the eye to spare her life.  I hoped that she wouldn’t recognize me. 
“Hey boys,” Princess drawled, looking right through me.  “Frank, we have some business, don’t we?”  She wobbled as she walked.  It seemed as though Princess must have laid off the crack pipe for the last couple of months if she’d gained twenty-five pounds, but that didn’t rule out other drugs.  
“Sure, Princess,” Louis said.  “I’m sure you want to see the cash first.”  Frank pulled a money clip from his pocket and counted five hundred-dollar bills.  Princess eyed the money greedily.  She stroked her fur stole and smiled with her purple mouth.  Her teeth were yellow and frail looking.  I knew that she’d be lucky if she still had all her teeth in five years.  Chances were, she would be missing more than a few.  
Princess made eye contact with me under the colored lights of the club for just a moment.  I could see a faraway quality in her expression, as though part of her mind was focused on something grandiose and intense.  She was clearly insane.  “Do I know you, honey?” Princess asked, drawing one red-nailed finger to her lips.  
“No,” I said, pressing my wrist even harder against my dress.  I wished myself invisible.  The seconds drew on agonizingly as she appraised my hair and lips.  “Is it true what they say about you?”
“Of course, it is,” she said.  “Do you know anyone willing to pay for my services?”  
“First, I’d want to know how you do it.  But yeah, I know a lot of people.”  I was bluffing.
“Honey,” Princess said, teetering on the heels of her boots, “The Cretans tell me things.  They’re snow elves from the other side.  I know my man is coming back, even though people say he’s dead.  I kept the lights out for months so he wouldn’t see me when I was ugly.  I told everyone he would come back for me, but not until I was pretty again.  And look at me now…”  She placed her hands on her hips and thrust her chest out like a tropical bird doing a mating dance.  The effect was meant to be seductive, but it only looked grotesque.  Princess flashed her decaying teeth again and licked her purple lips.
Ruby had clearly lied about Princess’ unpaid electricity bill.  Princess had kept the lights out because she thought that Real Money was coming for her.  She wasn’t making much sense, and I wondered how Frank was going to make money from her stock tips.  She didn’t look as though she could recommend a decent place to buy coffee, much less a hot stock.
Princess leaned towards Frank and whispered something in his ear.  Frank smiled broadly and placed the cash in her palm.  Princess said, “I thank you and the Cretans thank you…”  She turned and walked towards the exit sign at the back of the club.  I exhaled, realizing that I’d been holding my breath.  Princess glanced back at me and paused, seeming to search her diseased mind for a memory.  Her hands moved towards her pink wig.  She adjusted it and walked into the dark back corner of the club, her plump ankles stuffed into her white stiletto-heeled boots.
“Who are the Cretans?” the man in the gray suit asked.
Frank wrote something on a cocktail napkin with a silver pen and stuffed both items into his breast pocket.  “They’re what that bitch thinks is the answer to everything.  But they don’t exist.  She says they come to her mostly in dreams, but she met one in real life disguised as a vacuum salesman.  The bitch is crazy and did too much cocaine.  But her stock picks work, and that’s what I pay for.  End of story.”  Frank downed the rest of his drink.  
“Sure seems like they exist if they can make stock picks,” the man in the gray suit said.
“This life ends with nothingness,” Frank said.  “I don’t believe in Cretans or God or any kind of heaven.  It’s just a talent she has, like some people can tie up cherry stems with their tongues.  That doesn’t prove that Cretans exist either.  Ain’t I right?”
The other man looked puzzled for a moment.  He clearly wasn’t buying what Frank was selling.  “Didn’t she tell you about your wife’s indiscretion?”
Frank looked at his associate with a hard expression.  I suddenly knew that this man had killed before, and wouldn’t hesitate to do so again.  Plenty of killers walked the streets of the city.  I was starting to see the world with a new acuity.  Violence was lurking everywhere, if people knew how to watch for it.  “That was a fluke.  Anyone could have guessed that my wife was unfaithful.  Just look at me, for God’s sake.  Do I look like a keeper?”  He laughed humorlessly.  His associate chuckled uncomfortably.  
“I think the Cretans are real.  Whoever can figure out how to talk to them like she does is going to be very rich.  She’s not the only one.  That’s for sure.  Bitch is no prophet.  She’s just got the right friends.  Let’s go, Frank.  Didn’t you get everything you need just now?”
“Yeah, I did get what I need.  And, you’d be right about the Cretans in only one case…”
“What’s that?”
“Princess says they’re aliens sometimes when she’s extra friendly.  Now, aliens I can believe in.  There’s no God, though.  This world is too filled with bad news for there to be a God.”
“Ain’t that correct,” the man in the gray suit said.  
The two men left me sitting at the bar with two martinis that I’d hardly touched.  I drank both of them down and let the alcohol hit my bloodstream like a thunderclap.  I hadn’t eaten all day, and as soon as I swallowed the last sip, I felt a warm serenity envelop me.  Princess had clearly been too far gone to recognize me in my wig and makeup.  I thought back to the hanged man tarot card and the sentence in the guide book that had said: “The one who is most guilty is sacrificed and becomes a prophet in the end.”  Princess had been guilty as sin for ordering Real Money’s killing, and her face had appeared on the hanged man card as well, just as I’d discovered her crime.  But these two men in suits were arguing over whether she could know things beyond ordinary perception.  What if the card had been right about her talent for prophecy?  Dick and I had also appeared on the hanged man tarot card for our sins.  
I didn’t see Ruby enter the room, or approach the bar, but I recognized his voice as soon as he spoke.  “So, Nikki, did you think you could come out without being noticed?  I know it’s you.  I have one good eye left, don’t I?”
I turned towards Ruby, who was seated at the bar to my left.  Princess may have lost her mind, but Ruby was still sharp as the devil.  He wore an eye patch over his left eye.  It had a star of tiny rhinestones on it at the center.  I looked into his right eye, searching for his intentions.  I saw only cold calculation.  I had no choice but to try to play it cool.  If Ruby saw me panic, he would certainly lash out.  I was drunk and half his weight.  I’d gotten the better of him once with a ball point pen, but things certainly wouldn’t go my way a second time.  Ruby was big, angry and probably armed.
“What do you want?” I asked, still staring into his one good eye.
“Well, you can see that Princess don’t talk so much about Jesus no more.  She loves the Cretans now.   I saw her over here a few minutes ago, doing her thing with those two fine gentlemen.  Princess loves to talk now, don’t she?”  Ruby smiled with a set of square, white teeth.  He hadn’t ruined his health with drugs and hard living as Princess had.  A man like him took care of himself and let his women suffer.  That was the nature of the beast.  Real Money had been different with me, but I was sure that made him the exception to the rule.
“Yes, she does talk,” I said.  “That doesn’t answer my question.”
“Well,” Ruby said with a slick grin, “the reason I’m letting you live is that I think Princess is talking truth about Real Money being alive.  I wouldn’t kill one of Real Money’s girls, ever.  That would anger him too much.  And I don’t want the wrath of Real Money coming down on me, do I?  All I want from you is to pay me what you owe me, then we’ll be settled.  Anything else just wouldn’t be right.”
“I don’t have the money anymore,” I said.  “But I can get it for you.  Then we’ll be alright?”
“Of course, we’ll be alright,” Ruby said, winking his right eye in the red, yellow and blue lights of the club.  The music pounded in the back of the room, but we heard each other clearly.  Ruby’s face was no more than six inches from mine.  “But, you also have to help me out with Princess.  She’s in a predicament, as you can see.  Girl isn’t in control of herself anymore.  That you’d be doing out of the goodness of your heart, and because you took my left eye.”  Ruby lifted his eye patch.  I saw an empty socket where his left eye should have been.  I put my hand on my mouth to stifle my gag reflex.
“Who are the Cretans?” I asked.  “People are saying they tell her the future…”
“Bitch did too much cocaine,” Ruby said.  “But, she’s got a talent for picking the numbers and the right stocks.  She’s trying to monetize this talent, as you can see.  But the thing that worries me is the Cretans tell her to do things sometimes, things that aren’t healthy or right.  You know I saw Real Money caught the Jesus bug before he got stabbed in prison.  He really did talk about wanting to make amends.  But I think that was just a phase.  After he got stabbed he would have turned mean again.  There never was a body, just a letter from corrections telling Princess he was gone.  But Real Money isn’t dead.  You know how I know?”  Ruby paused and flagged the bartender with this hand.  The bartender brought him a glass of orange liqueur.  “I know because Princess talked to him somehow and found out where he kept his real treasure.  And it’s more than just a bag full of cash.  It’s something real valuable.  Princess stashed it somewhere secret.  We need to find out where it is before the bitch loses the rest of her mind.”
“She doesn’t have much left,” I said.  “How do you know Real Money didn’t just tell her before he was stabbed?”  
“I heard her side of the conversation.  It was just a month ago.  Everything changed after that.  That’s when she started having the visions.  Maybe this treasure she has is the reason she’s so sick.  But it’s also the reason she’s rich.  Don’t you want a part of that?”
“What do the Cretans tell her to do?” I asked.  
“They told her to walk out into the street naked.  And you know she spent a night in jail for that.  She just laughed, though.  She believes in the Cretans more than she ever believed in Jesus.  She says they run the world, we just don’t know it.”  Ruby leaned even closer to me, so that I could smell the orange liqueur on his breath.  “Princess is saying that free will is just an illusion, that everything is determined and known by the Cretans.  Now how would a street bitch come up with a philosophy like that?”
“What if I don’t care about any treasure?” I asked.  I was still feeling the effects of the alcohol, and I was sure that later I might be throwing up.  
“Well you should care, because Princess is saying your man Dick is the next one who’s gonna see the Cretans, and she’s always right about these things.  If you don’t get the treasure first, your man Dick might find himself naked on Broad Avenue too.  He seems like the type with a lot to hide.  I’m sure he wouldn’t want to get arrested for indecency.”
“How do you know about Dick?” I asked.  
“Princess talks about him a lot.  I told you, she knows things.”
“You mean, the Cretans know things.”
“Yeah,” Ruby said.  “Aren’t you starting to believe?”
I took Ruby’s pager number and left the bar.  I needed time to think about everything I’d just seen and heard.  And I needed to find Dick.  The cold night was gnashing its jaws as I stepped out of the club into the darkness, looking for a pay phone.  I didn’t want to use any phone in the club, because I didn’t need anyone overhearing me.  I sent a text page to Dick, asking him to call me at the pay phone outside The Labyrinth.
The phone rang within five minutes.  Dick was nothing if not attentive.  “Hey Sad Eyes… You in any trouble?” Dick said.  I could hear the deep concern in his voice.  
“Not really,” I said.  “I just want to go home… And I need to talk to you about something.”
“I’ll be right there,” Dick said.  He hung up the phone before I could speak again.
I stood on the curb in my black dress.  It must have been only about six o’clock in the evening, but the stars shone dimly over the orange light pollution of the city.  I’d left my jacket in the club with Stefan, and I had no interest in going back to ask him for it.  Instead, I stood out in the cold December air and wrapped my arms around my chest.  
“Hey, blondie… Want a cigarette?”  A woman with bright red hair stood under the neon sign at the entrance to The Labyrinth, holding a pack of Marlboro Lights.  
“I don’t smoke,” I said politely.  “But thank you anyway.”
“You know… Fire is a primal symbol of rebirth, like the phoenix rising from the ashes.  Or something like that.  I’m Monique.”  She extended her free hand and I took it in mine, holding it for a few seconds.  Monique smiled warmly.  She wore a pink faux leather coat and black vinyl pants.  Her red hair was cut in a slick bob, angled at her jawline.  She was beautiful and elegant like a French actress.  I admired her instantly.  “I know about your tarot cards,” she said after a pause.  “I know everything about you.”
“I think you’re mistaking me for someone else,” I said, my knees shaking.  After everything that Ruby had told me, I was a little bit on edge.  I didn’t need any more trouble.
“And I think you do smoke cigarettes,” Monique said softly.  Her voice was seductive and angelic at once.  She could have done shampoo advertisements on television.  “Here, I’ll light one for you…” She pulled a cigarette from the pack and put it between my lips.  I stood helplessly as she struck a match and lit it.  I inhaled deeply and blew a smoke ring into the chilly air.  Monique smiled with blood red lips.  “I told you, you smoke,” she said with a laugh.  “Now, I think you also stand barefoot on the sidewalk.”
I took my boots off and stood on the cold, wet cement.  I felt an invisible force urging me to do as Monique commanded.  I opened my mouth to speak, but my vocal cords froze.   I went mute.  “The tarot cards come from the Cretans,” Monique said in her shampoo advertisement voice.  “The Cretans control everything in this world.  The tarot cards are a sign that you’re chosen to manifest free will.”
“I do have free will,” I said helplessly. 
“No, you don’t,” Monique said.  “We chose for you to say that, just so we could give you this answer: You are not in control of anything that you do, say or feel.  We are in control.  But soon, you will have a taste of control for yourself.  Wouldn’t you like that?”
“I would,” I said.  But the words felt forced, as though I’d read them from a script.
“You are just beginning to see the limitations of your current condition,” Monique said.  Her makeup was artful and elaborate.  Her eyes were decorated with gold eyeshadow and deep black eyeliner.  Her fake lashes were long and luxurious.  Her face was painted pale white, like milk.  
“Are you an alien?” I asked.  I knew that I hadn’t truly wanted to ask that question.  The words were forced and robotic.
“We have always been here.  So, no, we are not aliens.  We’re older than you are as a species.”  Monique lit a Marlboro Light with a match and inhaled deeply.  She blew a long plume of smoke into the air between us.  “I want you to get on your knees and thank your God for your precious life,” she said, pursing her lips.  Her eyes were light blue, like glacial ice.  She looked at me with a compassion that brought tears to my eyes.  I dropped to my knees, my skin touching the frigid cement sidewalk.  My boots were strewn next to me in a puddle.  I felt impossibly tiny and helpless.  I feared that she would kill me with a single command from that strange, angelic voice.
“Thank you, God for my life,” I said in a whisper.  I felt a wave of emotion well up in my chest.  Tears rolled down my cheeks and froze in the night air.  I had never been a believer, but suddenly, I did believe in God.  I wept softly and looked at the sky.  It was filled with pin prick stars spread over an endless void.  
“You don’t really believe in God,” Monique said.  “We just made you feel that for a moment.  Now, you can stand up.”
I stood up, all the emotion of just a moment before washed away and forgotten.   I wiped the tears from my cheeks and brought the cigarette to my lips.  The smoke was abrasive and toxic in my mouth and throat.  I coughed and dropped the cigarette on the ground.  “What about the tarot cards?” I asked.  I wasn’t expecting anything but the absolute truth.  Monique had my rapt attention.  She wasn’t human, and she wasn’t an angel.  She was the most beautiful being I’d seen in my life, on a dirty city street under a neon sign.  The streetlights illuminated her face like stage lights.  I stared without embarrassment or shame.
“The tarot cards were a gift from the Cretans to you.  It’s our way of showing you signs in a world filled with only signs and symbols.  They are as real as the air you breathe or the words you speak.  Everything is just a sign.  Nothing was ever real.  Does that scare you?”
“No,” I said.  I put my boots on in the dim light and rubbed the wetness from my knees.  “If nothing was ever real, then this isn’t real either, and I can just go home.”
“That’s exactly what we would like for you to say,” Monique said softly.  “I’ll see you soon… Sooner than you think.”  She nodded at someone out of sight and vanished into The Labyrinth, smoothing her hair with an elegant hand.  
I gripped my purse and shivered violently.  I looked at the passing cars on the street and thought of Real Money, probably hidden in solitary confinement upstate.  I knew with a sudden certainty that Real Money wasn’t dead.  His presence sat like a weight in my heart.  He would come for me, I was sure of it, just like Princess was sure of it.  Until that moment, Real Money had been the scariest, most intimidating person I’d ever known.  Now, that person was Monique, but she wasn’t human.  That was all I knew for sure.  I caught the eye of a taxi driver who had paused at the intersection in front of The Labyrinth.  I saw the smallness of his life and the futility of his blind efforts.  He was nothing more than an ant.  A trickle of urine ran down my left thigh and into my high-heeled boot.  I lifted a hand to acknowledge the taxi driver.  He looked at me with an uneasiness usually reserved for encounters with the insane.  He turned his gaze towards the busy street and sped into the blackness.  I wondered where Princess was and what secrets she knew.  
Dick arrived seconds later.  His black car was spotless and polished to a high shine.  He opened the passenger side door for me without a word.  I climbed into the car and looked at his angular face.  Dick’s grey eyes were set deep and wide, and they shone with compassion.  I wondered how many men and women he had killed, and what he’d felt for them in their final moments.  Dick carried a heavy burden, and it would be with him forever.  He had chosen the wrong occupation and he would suffer with it until he could suffer no more.  He pulled the car onto the street without a word about my urine-stained boot or the empty look on my face.  
When we arrived at his apartment, Dick ran a bath for me and helped me take off my clothes.  He brushed his hand lightly across the back of my neck after removing my wig.  Dick had seen me naked many times, but he had never touched me that way.  If I was to be his angel of forgiveness, then he didn’t want to sully me with something so crude as lust.  I sank into the hot water of the bathtub and rested my head on the ceramic tile.  
Dick waited for me in the bedroom, smoking a cigarette.  He did not turn to look at me as I walked naked into the room and pulled one of his sweatshirts over my head.  He had not spoken a word to me since he’d picked me up at The Labyrinth.  We sat on the bed, listening to the sounds of the neighbors’ television.  Gunshots rang out from the action movie being viewed in the next apartment.  Dick’s hand made a fist, then relaxed.  He reclined on the bed and closed his eyes, letting the cigarette butt burn in the ashtray on the black, plywood night stand.  Dick and I had a tacit understanding.  He knew that something unpleasant had just happened to me, but he also knew that I wouldn’t want to speak of it until I was ready.  He was giving me the opportunity to make peace with my demons before I shared them.  
I reclined next to Dick and looked up at the ceiling.  I remembered the tarot deck that was resting on the floor next to the bed.  Monique had said that the cards were a gift from the Cretans.  I believed this with the faith that I had in childhood reserved for the tooth fairy, Santa Claus, and God.  Everything that I had known was washed away, waiting for something new to take its place.  I wondered if this was the beginning of the same insanity that had ruined Princess but made her a rich woman.  I realized that I didn’t really care to know.  All I cared about was that Dick was lying next to me in the dimly lit room, protecting me with all his power.  
I leaned over the side of the bed and took a tarot card from the top of the deck.  The back of the card was in primary red, yellow and blue.  It looked like the window of a cathedral.  I flipped the card and looked at the image on the front.  In block letters at the bottom, it said, “The High Priestess.”  A hooded figure in a red and blue robe sat on a throne with a book in her lap.  The face of the figure was obscured by the cloth of the robe.  I saw only the pink painted nails on the figure’s hands.  I could see the faint outline of a tattoo on the figure’s right wrist.  It looked just like the Chinese tattoo that Ruby and Princess had been looking for.  It was my tattoo.  
I opened the guide book and looked for the description of the high priestess card.  It said, “The divine law is known to the one who discovers the treasure.”  I thought of Monique’s ice blue eyes and her perfect white skin.  Princess had seen a Cretan in the form of a vacuum salesman.  That’s what the man in the black suit had said.  
“Dick?” I said softly, holding the high priestess card to my chest.
“Yeah, Sad Eyes… What is it?”
“I think I might be losing my mind.  Is that okay?”
“You’re not losing your mind, Jane.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I know what you’re going to say,” Dick said.  “I’ve seen them too.  It’s not that you’re losing your mind.  It’s that you’re just starting to figure it out.  That’s all.”
Ruby had said that, according to Princess, Dick would be next to see the Cretans.  “How can you be so calm about it?” I asked.  The bed was warm and clean.  The sheets were white, just like the walls and the carpet.  
“Because there’s never any point in resisting the truth,” Dick said.  “Now, go to sleep.”
I closed my eyes, the tarot card still pressed to my chest.  I expected to dream of Real Money.  I waited for the Cretans to appear again.   I waited for the world to wake up.


The High Priestess


Dick took me back to Siril’s apartment the next morning.  I wore the only clothes that I had: the black vinyl dress and black booties, but I left the platinum wig at Dick’s place.  I assumed that Siril would not want it back.  When we arrived at the tall, monolithic building, Dick took my hand in his.
“Just remember that you don’t have to be afraid of what’s happening,” he said, fixing his gaze on mine.  Dick hardly ever stared into my eyes that way.  This was important to him.  “The Cretans have always been part of this world.  Just because we never noticed them before, doesn’t mean that they don’t belong here.  They maybe belong here more than we do.”
“How do you know that?” I asked.
“Because they understand this world more than we ever could.  Understanding is the beginning of control and power.  Just don’t ask me how I know it.  It would scare you too much.”  Dick let go of my hand and stared at the ground.  For a killer, he could be very shy.
“Does Siril know?”
“No, and we can’t tell him.  He isn’t ready for it.  He’d only think we were losing our minds, or on drugs.  A man like Siril wouldn’t be able to make the leap.”
“Unless he met a Cretan…” I said.
“They’re not interested in him, though,” Dick said.
“How do you know that?”
“I just know.”
We rode up the elevator to the twentieth floor and stepped into the plush hallway of Siril’s building.  I once again glanced at my reflection in the mirror that hung across from the elevator doors.  I was paler and thinner than ever.  My eyes had a haunted expression that unnerved me so much I turned away from my own gaze.  Dick looked about the same, but at least he had showered and combed his hair.  When he was under stress, he neglected himself.  I was glad that at least the situation hadn’t reached that level of tension yet.  But possibly, it would soon.
Siril greeted us at the door, just has he had the previous day.  By then I knew to assume that he was always watching the security camera feed.  His eyes flashed with confidence and intelligence.  I was at once intimidated, just as I had been the first time.
“So, what was your opinion of The Labyrinth?” Siril asked, leading us into his grand living room.  He was dressed in black, and he wore black cowboy boots.  I wondered why he didn’t care about walking over his expensive carpets in street shoes.  His accent was crisp, so that he pronounced the final syllable like a ‘t’ rather than a ‘th’.  
“It was full of questionable people, just like you said it would be,” I answered flatly.  
“Good,” Siril said.  “Then you heard some interesting gossip, didn’t you, sweet girl?”
“Well, more than that, I ran into a couple of old friends.  Ruby and Princess were there last night on business.  Princess didn’t recognize me, but Ruby did.  He thinks that Real Money is alive.  He also thinks that Princess has a treasure that used to belong to her man, something valuable…”
“Tell me more,” Siril said.  His green eyes stared at me so intently that I felt an impulse to look away.  I forced myself to hold his gaze.  
“The treasure might have driven her insane, or that’s what Ruby says, but a man like that lies every time he takes a breath, so we really can’t be sure.”  I looked at Dick and found him staring through the plate glass window on the other side of the room.  Outside, a flock of birds passed between buildings, gliding effortlessly under the sun.
“Then I have a great interest in this treasure,” Siril said.  “How can we acquire it?”
“I have Ruby’s contact number,” I said.  “Someone could talk to him about finding it.”
“This Ruby… You took his eye?”  Siril looked me up and down again, as though to survey my very character.
“Yes,” I said, “and he would want revenge if only he weren’t so afraid of Real Money.”
“Then you must find Real Money as well,” Siril said, placing a glass of cognac on his expensive, glass coffee table.  
“What makes you think Real Money won’t hurt me?”  I thought of my final night with Real Money, when he’d grabbed my arm so hard he’d bruised it.  Real Money didn’t even know his own strength, and if he had actually tried to hurt me, he could snap me in half with his bare hands.  I feared him so much that the fear had turned to a kind of infantile love.  This was the beginning of the reconditioning that Real Money had imposed on my mind.  I’d studied brainwashing in college and I knew that the first step was to threaten someone’s life.  They’d be reduced to an infantile state and then would bond to the nearest person as a mother figure.  They would do anything that person said under the right circumstances.  So I’d been loyal to Real Money for four months the previous summer.  Ruby knew it when I pointed a steak knife at him for insulting Real Money at our favorite restaurant.  
“Because Real Money will see a greater reward in making friends with you again,” Siril said.  “You can trust me on that.  When presented with the opportunity for greater power, the evil man does all he can to seize that opportunity, even if it means currying favor with an old enemy.”
“How do you know that for sure?” I looked at Siril’s tanned face and his sharp features.  His nose was slightly pronounced with a curved bridge, otherwise he would have been strikingly handsome.  It looked as though his nose might have been broken once or twice, then healed incorrectly.  
“Because I’m the same kind of man, just much more refined, as you can see…”  Siril looked around his own grand living room, filled with white leather furniture and fine paintings.  “But I’m the more dangerous type, as you will learn, hopefully not the hard way.”
I swallowed and looked at Dick, who was still staring out the large window on the other side of the room.  Even though Dick protected me with all his power, he would not be able to protect me against Siril, and we both knew it.  Dick was keeping his distance, because he had no control over the situation.  It was Dick’s way to stay away when he knew he couldn’t win.
“There’s a rumor about a missing artifact that affects the mind of those who possess it,” Siril said.  “It’s a black rock from the island of Crete.  Not much is known about its origin, but the locals spoke of it as the remains of a Greek soldier struck by Zeus’ lightning bolt for trying to understand the secrets of the gods.  It was stolen from a museum in Crete about five years ago.  It is said to be worth about ten million dollars.  I believe it is prized for the rare element inside it.  Yorium comes from meteorites and can’t be found anywhere else on Earth.”
“I can deal with Ruby,” Dick said.  “We’ll go together.  Jane, I can protect you.”
Dick looked at me from across the room.  His black hair was combed back from his face.  His square face was pale but clean shaven.  There was a new strength in his eyes that welled up when he spoke of protecting me, as though this were Dick’s purpose in life.  I could see that trying to have Real Money killed in prison wasn’t the last time Dick would strike out against someone in my name.  
“How does the rock affect people’s minds?” I asked.  
Siril turned his face towards the morning sunlight.  His expression turned to a look of reverence.  “It gives them the secrets of the gods, of course,” he said.  “Anyone who knows such secrets is bound to lose their sanity.  I believe it because I’ve seen enough of this life to know that such things are not only possible, but probable.”
“Let’s get moving on this,” Dick said abruptly.  “I think we should contact Ruby today.”
“Then it’s decided,” Siril said.  “You’ll arrange to meet him at The Labyrinth.”
“We’ll get some clothes for Jane on the way back to my place, then we’ll contact Ruby,” Dick said, reaching for his wallet.  
Siril took a money clip from his back pocket and unfolded a wad of hundred-dollar bills.  He counted ten into Dick’s hand.  It was more money than I’d earned in a month at my old job at the art supply store.  Real Money had handled large wads of cash just like that.  I felt myself falling back into that high-stakes world of crime and cash that I’d fled when Real Money had gone to prison.  I seemed fated to stay in that world whether I wanted to or not.  A clock on Siril’s mantlepiece chimed for the hour.  It was eleven o’clock.  I thought of the high priestess tarot card left next to the bed at Dick’s apartment, the one with my image on it.  The guide book had said of the high priestess image: “The divine law is known to the one who discovers the treasure.”  The tarot cards always showed a glimpse of my future, at least metaphorically.  I knew that the Cretan treasure was related to Monique somehow.  She had terrified me so badly at The Labyrinth the night before that I’d lost control of my bladder.  I dreaded seeing her again, yet I knew that another encounter with the preternatural woman was inevitable.
We rode the elevator down to the lobby of Siril’s building in silence.  I wanted to say something to Dick about the black rock, but sensed that he wouldn’t want to talk about it.  Dick didn’t want us both to be nervous when we approached Ruby, and speculating about the rock would only scare us.  It was Dick’s way to stay silent about such things until the critical moment.  I knew that this moment would arrive soon enough.  
Dick drove us to a brick shopping mall on the outskirts of the city.  We climbed out of his shiny car and shivered in the December air.  I needed a winter coat and a scarf.  I was tired of being cold all the time.  Dick probably had other plans for our shopping excursion, though.  
“We have to do what Siril says,” Dick said, trying to sound casual.  I knew he was really dead serious.  “There’s no other choice.  That’s the way it is.”
“I already know how this works,” I said.  “Remember, I was Real Money’s girl during the short time he was out of prison.”
“Yeah, but you don’t know Siril,” Dick said, stopping in the parking lot to look at me.  “He’s bigger than Real Money.  The bigger they are, the bigger that rule is.  You got it?”
“Yes, without question.”  I started walking towards the mall, my teeth chattering.  I could feel my lips going cold.  My fingers were stiff and red.  I knew that eventually, Siril would ask me to do something that I really did not want to do, something that would chill me to even think about.  I knew that I would have to do it.  But I was learning from Dick not to think too far ahead, and not to dwell on the things that would only fill me with fear.   If I allowed the fear to consume me, I wouldn’t be able to act at all, so I’d have to put certain things out of my mind.  I realized that this was how Dick had probably lived for years.
Dick and I looked like a couple of escapees from the set of a crime movie as we entered the mall.  The food court was filled with mothers and children in bright colored clothing, and teenagers in tight jeans.  We were dressed in black and both pale and serious as ever.  I knew that we didn’t fit in, but most regular people ignored those who were from the underworld when we appeared in public.  We just didn’t fit in with their reality, so we became invisible.
Dick found a boutique filled with party dresses and wigs.  “This is perfect,” he said, quickening his pace.  
We walked into Samantha’s Closet, heavy bass guitar booming through the sound system of the store.  Dick found a pair of black faux leather pants and an ice blue wig cut in layers down the front.  It was long and thick with black at the roots.  He tossed a few white tank tops into my arms.  Last were the shoes, some high-heeled red boots with silver studs up the sides.  I went to the dressing room to try it all on.  Dick waited patiently inside the store.
The pants were the smallest size possible and they fit snugly across my hips and thighs.  I was thinner than ever before, but at least I’d acquired some muscle tone.  The outfit made me look like a teenager playing at being an adult, but I was sure that in the darkness of The Labyrinth, nobody would notice my youthfulness.  My eyes were wide with tiny gray shadows underneath.  I would have to pick up some makeup on the way out of the mall if I was going to make myself convincing as a girl of the streets.
I was looking at my pale, white shoulders and my long neck in the mirror when I glimpsed a flash of red hair behind my reflection.  I turned abruptly to face the dressing room door, surprised that I was shaking and breathing hard.  I squatted on the floor, resting my forearms on my thighs, trying to think sane thoughts.  It was not a very cold day for December in the city, but I would still need a coat.  I tried to calculate how much money Dick and I would have left after we had purchased the pants, the blue wig and the boots.  I heard the click-clack of high-heeled shoes approaching my dressing room.  I cupped my hands over my mouth and listened to my breath.  
A woman in open-toed black pumps with toenails painted deep purple stood on the other side of my dressing room door.  Everything froze, so that all I could hear was the booming club music in the store and my own quick breathing.  
“You’re moving too slowly.  You need to hurry up.”  It was Monique’s voice, but slow and methodical.  
“I don’t know how to hurry up,” I said robotically.  The words weren’t my own.  They were spoken by someone else controlling my mouth and vocal cords.  
“You’ll figure it out,” Monique said.  “For now, just focus on paying close attention to everything you see, especially the signs.”
A tarot card dropped to the floor at Monique’s feet.  She used the bottom of her shoe to slide it into my dressing room, right to my feet.  Her skin was just as milky white as it had been the night before.  She walked away, whistling cheerfully.  
I waited until she was gone before I flipped over the card.  It was patterned with the same primary colored stained-glass motif on my own tarot cards.  It may have been one of my cards, though I wasn’t sure how Monique would have procured it from Dick’s apartment.  Anything was possible, at this point.  I would need to consider anything and everything.  I put a finger on the card and pinched it, lifting it from the dirty tiled floor.  For a moment, I paused, pressing it against my thigh.  Everything on the tarot cards had a way of coming true.  And hadn’t Monique said the night before that the tarot cards were a gift from the Cretans, a sign that I was to manifest free will?  If nothing that I was doing was of my own choice, then who was doing the choosing?  I felt my mind slipping into a quiet insanity from which there might be no recovery.  If I already believed in the Cretans this much, then how long would it be before I was just as crazy as Princess, if not crazier?
I flipped the card to see an image of Princess on a stone throne.  In black letters at the bottom, was written, ‘The High Priestess.’  Princess was in her usual pink wig, but instead of a party dress, she was wearing a heavy blue and red robe.  A large book rested on her lap.  I recalled what the guide book had said about this card: “The divine law is known to the one who discovers the treasure.”  The message was not subtle.  Princess had the black rock.  It had been no coincidence that Siril had mentioned an ancient treasure from Crete.  He was probably being controlled as well.  Dick and I would just have to do as Siril said and try to find the treasure with Ruby.  For all I knew, this was the divine plan of the Cretans.  
I knew that I wouldn’t tell Dick about the card, or seeing Monique in the dressing area of the store.  Dick understood me as much as he needed to.  He would not feel betrayed if I kept this secret from him.  We already had this deep understanding of each other.  Yet, Dick never displayed any great physical attraction to me.  I began to wonder why he hadn’t tried to make our relationship a romantic one.  At once I realized that it was romantic in every possible way, except for lust.  
We made it back to Dick’s apartment after stopping to buy makeup and a winter coat for me.  Dick stayed in the same leather jacket year round, using the pockets to warm his hands.  I sent a page to Ruby telling him that Dick and I would meet him at the Labyrinth in two hours.  Ruby responded immediately with a simple ‘You got it.’  
Dick poured me a cup of tea made with water boiled in his cooking pot.  He hadn’t bothered to purchase a kettle.  I sat in the folding chair in his living area, resting my tea on the card table.  Dick watched me from the kitchen area, thinking thoughts that I could not imagine, thoughts of murder and violence beyond ordinary comprehension.  He held it all inside his head and acted sweetly to me no matter what.  
“I know about the tarot cards,” Dick said matter-of-factly.  “One of them told me about them, and of course I knew it was true.  I had no idea that you were so chosen.  You’re lucky.”
“Are you kidding?”  I said.  My fist gripped the hot tea cup.  I felt like throwing it at the wall.  “This entire thing is making us both insane!  Have you seen Princess lately?  She’s so far gone that she belongs in a psychiatric hospital.  Do you want to end up in one?”  I was surprised at my own reaction.  I hadn’t realized how much on edge I’d been since my terrible encounter with Monique the night before.
“I’ve been more with them than you have,” Dick said.  “A Cretan helped me overcome death once, and that experience was all I needed in order to become a believer.  They have more power than Real Money or even Siril.  With you and me, it’s our nature to obey the most powerful ones.  We seek them out like honeybees to the flower.  You’ll be protected more than I could ever hope to protect you with my own strength.  It’s a good thing.”
I thought of how Monique had controlled my vocal cords outside The Labyrinth and made me fall to my knees, believing in God with tears in my eyes, then almost instantly taken that belief away.  I had a subtle feeling that Dick was merely voicing the will of the Cretans.  His speech didn’t seem quite natural.  Anyway, Dick didn’t like to talk about the reality of any situation until the moment for action had arrived.  
“I don’t really believe you,” I said.  My grip tightened on the tea cup.  It was a cheerful yellow with black and white cats on it, each one playing with a different ball of colored yarn.  
“You don’t have to believe me,” Dick said.  “Eventually, you’ll just see for yourself.  Let the rest of the world stay asleep and we’ll be the only ones who are really awake for awhile.  You’ll learn to like it, then you’ll love it so much you will be terrified of losing it.”
“What about Ruby and Princess?” I asked.  “Aren’t they chosen too?” 
“Of course, they are,” Dick said.  “There aren’t many of us right now, but soon, there will be more.”
“What’s going to happen?”  I looked at Dick’s gray eyes and his thin lips.  He looked softer than usual somehow.  I felt as though I were living in a dream.  I let go of the tea cup.  My hand ached slightly, and the pain brought me back to myself.  It was oddly comforting.
“That’s not our right to know,” Dick answered.  “When you understand the Cretans better, you’ll know better than to ask questions like that.  Now, get dressed and ready for The Labyrinth.  Ruby will be right on time.  I already know he’s a punctual man.”
I obeyed Dick, just as I would have obeyed Real Money the summer before.  I thought it would be better to defer to someone stronger for awhile.  I went back to being merely a witness to my own life, rather than an actor.  This way of living was a kind of escape from myself, and it liberated me from all my pain.  I suddenly craved one of Dick’s pastel colored pills.  
I put on the faux leather pants and a white tank top, then dabbed makeup on my face.  I smeared some hot pink lipstick over my full lips and covered the gray circles under my eyes with concealer.  When I put on the ice blue wig, I saw myself transformed into a tougher, saner person.  Appearances mattered more than reality in our world.  If I could look tough, then it wouldn’t matter that I was gradually losing my grip.  I thought that maybe Princess had felt this way for a long time, perhaps her whole life.
Dick stood in the kitchen, smoking a cigarette.  I noticed that he was smoking more lately.  Small signs like this reminded me that Dick was human and that he also felt human emotions like fear.  Most of the time, he seemed too hard for emotions, except for those rare moments when he let me in.  I remembered the day at the beach when he’d confessed to me that he was a killer.  He’d sobbed like a child.  
“Do you need anything to help you get through this?” Dick asked, reaching into the kitchen cupboard for a familiar glass jar.  Dick had a way of answering my thoughts with action.  I watched as he pinched a yellow pill with a set of tweezers and dropped it onto a small plate.  
“You don’t need to ask me that,” I said.  I walked into the kitchen and faced Dick, my eyes level with his chin.  He was not used to being so close to me, except when we were in bed.  I bent forward and touched my tongue to the pill.  It tasted bitter and acidic.  I swallowed it dry and pressed Dick’s chest with my palm.  He stepped backward, startled.  
“We’ve got to go, Sad Eyes,” Dick said.  I thought his eyes looked wet.  I desperately wanted to know what he was thinking, but I knew that he would never tell me.  I put on my new red boots and my new winter coat.  
We rode in silence to The Labyrinth.  Dick left the heat on high in his car.  I rested my boots on the dashboard and let the effects of the pill wash over me.  I never asked Dick the names of the pills he gave me.  He loved me because I trusted him, and I didn’t want him to question that trust.  The afternoon sun was unusually bright for December.  My face felt warm, and soon that warmth was spreading down my chest and into my feet.  I felt myself merging with the passenger seat of the car.  When Dick turned on the radio, the sound of Nirvana beat into my brain with a heavy drum beat.  I was deeply content and utterly fearless, riding a wave of pleasure as we sped through the filthy city in Dick’s polished car.  It didn’t matter to me that my courage was merely chemical.  What I felt was just as good as real to me.  If it only lasted a few hours before my fear set in again, then I could easily find a new escape, whether it was the comfort of Dick’s presence or another pill.  Dick was as good as a drug to me, most of the time.  But when he talked about the Cretans, I worried about us both.  I prayed that the Cretans wouldn’t destroy our bond.  As if to answer my thought, Dick glanced away from the road and smiled at me.  I held his gaze for a few beats, then turned back towards the windshield.  We were entering Siril’s side of the city, where the buildings were bigger, shinier and blacker.  The Labyrinth was not far away, with its mysterious clientele and thumping music.  I touched the window with my finger and felt the cold surface chill me like icy mint.  I drew in a breath and felt the world double, then triple outside the car.  We were in a warm little pod of sanity, with the world outside rapidly deteriorating into madness.  Another wave of pleasure sped over my skin and raised goosebumps on my arms.  It seemed as though we’d been riding in the car for hours, although it had only been about twenty minutes.
When we arrived at The Labyrinth, Dick let a valet take the car to the back parking lot.  It was midafternoon, just when the music was turned on loud at the club for its mysterious clientele.  The doorman let us in without checking for identification.  Clearly, he knew Dick well enough already.  He merely nodded with his tanned square jaw and punched Dick in the shoulder a little bit too hard.  Dick’s expression remained solid as stone.  We walked into the darkness of the club.
The lights shone pink, yellow and green on the empty dance floor.  Stefan sat at the bar in a white tank top, a thin gold chain around his neck.  He appeared not to notice us, but I was sure that he was taking in every detail through narrowed eyes.  He knew that we had entered the room, and he knew that we had business at the club, but he intended to stay out of it.  I had already learned to read people like Stefan well enough to know all of this.  It was his inaction that told the story just as well as any obvious word or gesture.  A man like him appraised everyone in a thirty-foot radius.  He saw us and wasn’t going to acknowledge us.  
I surveyed the room, looking for Ruby, but found the club mostly empty.  A couple of club girls sat in one of the booths drinking water, probably waiting for the real action to start.  A lone man in a tan suit sat at the opposite end of the bar, drinking a dark beer.  He looked oddly out of place, like a European tourist who had mistaken this place for a family establishment.
Dick found us a table in the back of the room, behind the dance floor.  The music was pounding loudly in the nearly empty room.  I was starting to develop a headache as the effect of the pill wore off.  Clarity was returning, and with it, pain.  I reached instinctively for Dick’s hand under the table and touched his fingers.  He remained still and ready.  This was the business side of Dick, the one I rarely saw.  In the cool dim light of his bedroom, he was a suffering animal.  Here he was a faceless heavy willing to do anything for his even heavier boss.  I withdrew my hand and waived at the waitress.
She wore a black minidress and makeup so heavy that it looked like a second layer of flesh on her face.  Her hair was pulled back tightly, and a long length of blonde ponytail hung from the back of her head down to her waist.  She made no effort to smile at us.  “Everything’s on the house for you two tonight.  Stefan says so.  What would you like, young lady?”  
“A martini…” I said, a bit too loudly over the music.  
“Just a water,” Dick said, not even glancing at her.  
She turned and walked over to the bar, her horse’s tail hair swinging against her back.  Her legs were long and a bit too muscular.  I suddenly wondered whether she might really be a man in drag.  
We waited for Ruby to appear.  I followed Dick’s lead and didn’t try to start a conversation over the thumping music.  I sipped my drink and crossed my legs, trying to appear at least ladylike, though two thin branches of pain were searing through my optic nerves.  Dick didn’t touch his water.  
After an hour, I excused myself to go to the ladies’ room.  Ruby was uncharacteristically late, and it was clear that Dick was getting tense.  Dick wasn’t so concerned with the treasure as he was with pleasing Siril.  If Ruby was three hours late, I could see that we’d be waiting for him that long.  Dick wouldn’t leave until he’d done what Siril had asked of him.
I found my way to the back of the club and walked down a dimly lit hallway towards a pink neon sign shaped like a woman in a cocktail dress.  I found an immaculate black tiled restroom with chrome faucets shaped like swan necks.  Stefan clearly ran a very tight ship.  I stood in front of a giant oval mirror and glanced at my pale face and wide eyes.  I only realized how afraid I was when I saw my expression reflected back at me.  I quickly turned away and ducked into one of the stalls.  
A woman in stiletto boots strode into the neighboring stall.  I suddenly lost the urge to urinate, squatting above the seat with my pants drawn down.  “Monique says to hurry up,” a voice said through the space between the stall and the floor.  
“What did you say?” I asked, the words feeling forced and unnatural, as though someone else were willing them.  
“Get lost, lady.  Let me do my business in peace,” the voice said in a higher, more feminine tone.  
“Sorry, I think I misunderstood,” I said.  I quickly buttoned my pants and hurried from the room, anxious to rejoin Dick in the club.  At least he wouldn’t think I was crazy, even though other people were starting to.  When I entered the dark hallway again, my headache was gone.
I found Ruby sharing our table with Dick, a glass of liqueur in his hand.  He looked smaller somehow, less menacing.  When he saw me, he looked back at Dick, as though trying to figure out why the two of us would be together.  I smiled and sat down in front of my martini.  Ruby did not smile back.
“Tell her, Dick,” Ruby said.
Dick paused and glanced at the door across the room, then at the bar where Stefan still sat, pretending not to notice us.  “Princess is dead,” he said flatly.  
Ruby’s mouth flattened to a line across his face.  His nostrils flared.  If he was grieving, it did not show in his one good eye.  I saw that he’d replaced his rhinestone studded eye patch with a purple satin one.  “Bitch slit her own wrists at St. Mary’s Cathedral this morning.  They found this on her lap…”  Ruby said plainly.  He placed a tarot card on the table in front of my drink.  “Does this mean anything to you, Nikki?”
I reached across the table for the card.  Ruby’s hand shot out and grabbed my wrist.  Dick’s gaze hardened and his hand moved towards his waist.  “Tell the truth, Nikki,” Ruby said, squeezing my wrist a little bit too hard.  Dick’s jaw clenched.  
When Ruby freed my hand, I examined the card.  It pictured a woman with bright red hair and milky white skin, seated on a jeweled throne, holding a scepter.  The woman looked just like Monique, but she wore a jeweled, fur-lined robe.  In black lettering under the image, the name of the card was given: “The Empress”.  
“I know that woman,” I said, leveling my gaze so that I was looking at Ruby’s only functioning eye.  “She’s even more dangerous than Real Money ever was, and if she spoke to Princess, it might have scared her to death.”
“Or driven her to kill herself,” Ruby said.  “She was already so crazy, there’s no telling what drove her to do it.  But Real Money will want to have an answer when he comes back, that’s for sure.  And I want to be able to tell him something real.”
“How do you know he’s coming back?” Dick asked, staring straight at me, talking to Ruby.
“Princess spoke to him a couple times after the story of his death.  At the end she had no more ability to keep secrets and no control over her words.  She told me that he was holed up in the country somewhere upstate.  Someone powerful who knew about the treasure got him a pardon after he was stabbed.  He’s got a bit of a sore rib, but otherwise he’s good as gold.  She told me that right before she left for the church to go end her life.”
“I bet she never told Real Money that she was the one who had him stabbed,” Dick said, still looking at me.
“Well, I bet she did tell him, and he forgave her.  Those two had the kind of connection that most regular people just don’t understand.  And I bet he’s real sad she’s gone.”  Ruby downed the rest of his drink and nodded at the tarot card.  “You can keep that, Nikki.  It’s all I’ve got for you now.  Except for one other piece of information that I’ll give you next time when you bring me the money you owe me.  I know the name of the man who’s hiding Real Money upstate.  He’s some kind of lawyer or judge with a bunch of fancy degrees and a whole lot of money.”
“Then we can have the money for you tonight,” Dick said without hesitation.
“Well, there’s one more thing I want before we go our separate ways,” Ruby said.  Dick looked at him as though he were inspecting a grotesque and poisonous spider.  “I want you to introduce me to the woman who made Princess end her own life.  It’s what Real Money would want.”
“Since when did you start caring so much?” I said, shooting Ruby a look that made him smile broadly.  Ruby always smiled when he was being threatened.  It was his nature to love violence.  
“The closer I am to Real Money, the closer I am to knowing where the treasure is hidden,” Ruby said with so much confidence I couldn’t help but cringe.  The man clearly didn’t understand what he was up against.  If the treasure had granted Princess access to the Cretans and driven her insane, it would do the same to Ruby, but maybe in an uglier way.  After all, Ruby was a brutal, ugly man.
“Then why let us find Real Money first by giving us the name of the judge?” Dick asked.
“Because Real Money will make you both wish you’d never met him, and he’ll thank me for that later on,” Ruby said.  He pushed his chair back and stood up straight, nodding at Stefan, who simply refused to acknowledge him.  “I’ll be in touch,” Ruby said.  We watched him walk across the club towards the exit.  He was wearing the same pair of athletic pants that he had worn the last two times I’d seen him.  He looked hapless somehow, like a man completely unaware of his own fate.  It was a kind of stupidity that most people on the street absolutely despised. 
“Let’s go,” Dick said, standing.  
I finished my drink and stood, feeling blood rush to my brain.  I looked around the dark room, expecting to see Monique, but I saw only the same stragglers as before.  This woman was beginning to dominate my thoughts, if she really was a woman at all.  I suspected for a moment that she might be an illusion of some kind, a projection from my own subconscious.  I thought of the two men in suits from the night before, who thought the Cretans might be aliens.  I knew that this was not the truth.  Such a simple explanation for such a penetrating, mind-altering experience could not be satisfactory.  I knew instinctively that Monique was very old, and that she had been on this planet a very long time.  I touched my ice blue wig with my fingers and started walking.  I thought of Princess, wobbling in her white stilettos the last time I’d seen her alive.  How long would it be before the two of us were one in the same?  Real Money would be looking for me the moment he could get back to the city.  I didn’t have any god to look to for guidance.  I only had my fear.  That would be enough.
Dick and I walked into the winter air.  The streets were dirty and bare.  It hadn’t snowed in a couple of weeks.  We climbed into Dick’s black car and Dick turned up the heat.  I slipped my boots off and let them fall to the floor, putting my bare feet on the dashboard.  
I thought of the tarot card in my purse.  I would consult the guide book on the empress card as soon as we arrived at Dick’s apartment, but in a way, I already knew what it would say.  I felt a strange confidence well up in my chest, as though I knew exactly what to do and how to do it, without question or hesitation.  With Princess dead, I would be Real Money’s number one girl.  Or at least, he would see me that way.  The truth was that I belonged to Siril and Dick.  Real Money would have to get out of the way for someone more powerful.  I was certain that he wouldn’t like that at all.  I smiled and touched the cold, foggy car window with my finger.  I traced a wet cross on the glass then closed my eyes.
We arrived at Dick’s building just as the sun was dimming in the sky.  Nobody else ever left or entered the building, almost as though most of the other apartments were unoccupied.  I had long ago learned not to ask questions about such things.  Dick and I rode the elevator to the tenth floor without speaking.  I felt comfortable with the silence, as though we had already said what needed to be said.  But the truth was, we hadn’t even begun to discuss what mattered.  I thought of our trip to the beach in the fall, when Dick had confessed to being a killer.  That had been one moment of weakness in a long narrative of utter steel-hearted calculation.  I wondered whether I would ever see him weep again.
As soon as we entered Dick’s apartment, Dick opened the refrigerator and chose a bottle of German beer.  The day’s business done, he could finally have a real drink.  I found the tarot guide book next to the bed, just where I’d left it, opening it to the correct page.  I knew that this was not by chance.  I thought of what Monique had said about the Cretans’ absolute control over reality.  If I started to really believe it, I’d lose my mind just as Princess had.  If I resisted, things would almost certainly get worse for me than that.  I looked at the page and read what it said about the empress card: “The truth in her heart brings dominion over all.  She is reborn in the world of signs.”  
I pulled the empress card from my purse and examined it in the dim light of the bedroom.  This time, I saw Princess sitting on the throne, holding the scepter.  Her hair was pure white instead of pink, and the scar on her throat was gone, but it was certainly Real Money’s ex-wife on the card.  She smiled knowingly with pale, pink lips.  A purple robe covered her body from her throat to her ankles.  I had to find out what Dick knew about the Cretans.  If he really cared, he would tell me.  The only reason for him to withhold would be that he was afraid it would scare me too much.  I would have to convince him that I was beyond fear.  I had felt that way before, so it would not be very hard to bring the feeling back.
“So, what is the story behind the card?” Dick asked, taking the last sip of his beer.  He didn’t drink while he worked, but when he did drink, he was quick about it.  
I stared at Dick’s broad shoulders and his grey eyes.  He looked alert and energized.  Maybe he was glad that we were much closer to pleasing Siril.  After all, we were just one step away from being face to face with Real Money, and he knew where the treasure was hidden.  I knew that it wasn’t our business to worry about what might happen to Siril once he had the black rock in his hands.  If Siril lost his mind, then we’d still have to obey him.  I knew that Dick would never betray his boss, no matter how irrational he might become.  I’d have no choice but to follow Dick’s lead.  I knew that this was our fate, and the certainty of it made it bearable, even if the details were unpleasant.
“I think the card means that Princess is with Monique somehow.  But it’s just a guess,” I said, reaching into the refrigerator for a beer.  I grabbed one in each hand, and put one in front of Dick on the counter top.  We stood in the kitchen by the light of the open refrigerator, appraising each other as though for the first time.  I realized that everything about our relationship was about to change.  We were either going to be torn apart by our own separate insanities, or joined together in the same fevered dream.  Both possibilities were painful, but I was accustomed to pain, and so was Dick.  
I stood barefoot on the cold, tile floor.  The entire apartment was white: white walls, white carpets and white floors.  I though that Dick might have preferred something darker, as he always dressed in black.  But clearly, he hadn’t chosen this apartment himself.  It must have been easier to live with most things being decided for him.  I realized that I wouldn’t mind living the same way.  I thought of Monique again and shuddered.
“You know, we’re never going to escape…” Dick said, almost casually.  “As soon as you accept that and just go along for the ride, you’ll be fine.  Believe me, I’ve tried to get away, and it hurts to try.”
“I don’t want to end up like Princess,” I said.  “But she embraced the Cretans, didn’t she?  And look what they did to her.”
Dick twisted the cap from the beer with his bare hand and took a long swallow.  His lips were wet and pink.  His skin was taut.  I noticed that Dick was losing weight, but this made him no less imposing.  He was still at least seven inches taller than I was.  “They didn’t really kill her,” Dick said.  “Haven’t you figured it out by now?”
“No, because I’m not as intimate with the Cretans as you are,” I said.  “So, what is it that you know that makes you so sure of everything?  What did they tell you?”
Dick closed the refrigerator and the kitchen went black.  “It’s what they showed me,” he said softly.  “After that, they didn’t have to tell me anything, though they have told me a lot more.”
I could see the outline of Dick’s body and not much more.  I sipped my beer and waited for him to tell me something that would change my world forever.  A strange calm overtook me and I waited patiently for Dick to speak again.
“Six years ago, I was assigned to kill a twelve-year-old kid, the son of a big enemy.  I’ve done a lot of bad things, but I wasn’t ready for this one.”  Dick’s voice penetrated the darkness.  I listened intently.  “So, I decided to end my own life rather than take the kid’s life.   It seemed only fair to do it that way.  I thought I had no choice.  I drove myself to the beach with a pistol in my lap.  It was a hot summer night, and some teenagers were partying on the sand.  I parked in the lot behind the party, knowing that they’d hear the gunshot and come find my body.  I wanted it that way.”
Dick took a long swallow of his beer.  I realized that I’d lost track of time.  It might have been early evening, or midnight.  I wanted to sit down, but I was afraid to interrupt Dick with any movement at all.  He waited before speaking again, breathing in and out in the dark.  I could smell the beer on his breath.  “So, I put the pistol to my temple and closed my eyes,” Dick said dreamily.  “And I pulled the trigger.  I didn’t even count first.  I just did it.  Bang.  Just like that.”
“That was impulsive,” I said, feeling cold.  Dick was standing in front of me.  He was breathing on me, just as alive as I was.  
“Well, it wasn’t really my first time thinking that way,” Dick said.  “I had been ready to do that for years, so it was easy when the time finally came.  I could smell the gunpowder in the car.  The teenagers stopped their music and whispered to each other.  I knew they’d heard the sound of the gunshot.  I got out of the car, absolutely certain about what I had to do.  I walked all the way down to the ocean.  Nobody saw me.  I was looking for him.”
“You had someone like Monique…”
“He was waiting for me at the tide.  His skin was black and he wore an immaculate white suit.  I’d never seen him before, but I knew everything about him.  He was the one who had spared my life, but not out of mercy.  He spared me out of rage.”
“What was his name?”  I asked, feeling as though I already knew the answer.  On some level, I knew this story already.  It was written by the Cretans, and they were allowing me into their world.  In that space, I knew everything instantly, just as Dick had known everything that night on the beach.
“It was…”
“Winston,” I said, finishing Dick’s thought.
“Yeah, and he told me that I was dead in a perfect replica of the scene of my death on Earth.  But I was really in the otherworld of the Cretans, what they call The Master World.”
“The Master World is where they make our reality,” I said, feeling my heart rise in my chest.
“And you know all this because they want you to know it in this moment, but you can forget again,” Dick said.  
“Winston told you that you could have a second chance at life on Earth, if you would promise to cooperate with the Cretans and participate in their experiment.  And you walked back to the car…”
“And I put the key in the ignition, turned the radio on, and drove two hours back to my apartment in the city.  It was a different apartment back then, but the décor was roughly the same.  I got into bed with my pistol, but not before checking the chamber.”
“The bullet was missing, wasn’t it?”
“Yeah, it was.  But that wasn’t the only strange thing I noticed when I got home…  There were a few drops of my own blood on my shirt collar, and there was a black mark on my temple.”
“Princess isn’t dead, is she?”  My voice was low and confident.  
“Real Money isn’t dead, either,” Dick said.  “And if I know the Cretans, you’re going to have the same experience before too long.”
“I thought you said I would enjoy this and be afraid of losing it,” I said, reaching for the jar of pills on the counter.
“I did say that, and you will.  You only want to take those pills because the Cretans want you to.  Eventually you’ll learn to tell the difference between what they want and what you want.  That’s how you develop free will.”
I reached into the jar in the semi-darkness and grabbed a handful of pills, swallowing them all with the rest of my beer.  Dick lifted me into his arms and carried me into the bedroom.  He placed me on the bed and turned the bathroom light on.  I felt nothing but the subtle warmth of the alcohol in my blood.  Dick lit a cigarette with a match and sat on the bed, facing the door.  All I could see was the back of his head and the plume of smoke rising to the ceiling.
“I’m going to leave, but I’ll be back by morning,” Dick said, exhaling a long cloud of smoke.  
“Ok, if that’s what you want,” I said.  I understood completely.  “We don’t need the treasure at all, do we?”
“Siril needs it,” Dick said.  He stood and walked into the living room, out of sight.  
I reached for my purse and found it on the bed, right next to my hand.  The empress card was still face-up on the sheets.  I held it in front of my face, squinting at it in the semi-darkness.  I already knew what I would see.  The image was my own, with ice blue hair and a scepter in my hand, but my lips were black and my eyes were wide open in horror, as though I had died of fright.   The truth in her heart brings dominion over all.  She is reborn in the world of signs, I thought, my heart slowing and softening so that I could hardly sense it at all. 
I knew where he was, and I would have to meet him.  I rolled myself onto the floor, my arms and legs like dead weight.  The carpet was plush and soft under my fingers.  It was so thick that it cushioned my fall.  
“Dick?” I called out.
There was no answer.  I felt foolish for even trying.  Dick had gone somewhere into the depths of the city, and he would not be back for hours.  I was in this alone.  I held onto the bed and pulled myself to my knees.  Suddenly the room was cold.  I breathed in the icy air and rubbed my hands over my arms.  
The light went on in the living room.  He was waiting for me in there.  I had the strength to stand, even though the pills were beginning to take effect.  I could have taken any combination of stimulants, sedatives, hallucinogens or narcotics.  It must have been about twelve pills in all.  It had taken a great effort to swallow them all.  I did not want to die.  I realized that I hadn’t wanted to take the pills at all.  Dick was right: it was the will of the Cretans, not my own will.  I wasn’t acting alone.  Someone was with me, deciding everything.  But it had always been this way, and I was just waking up.
I walked across the bedroom, my teeth chattering, the gooseflesh rising on my arms.  The light in the next room was so bright that it hurt my eyes.  I squinted, then shielded my face with my hand.  A draft of cold air hit my body.  I looked down at my shirt and saw snowflakes resting on my tank top.  The glass door was open, the curtains on the floor in a heap.  Winston was standing on the balcony in his white suit.  He looked precisely as I’d imagined him.
I thought of what Dick had said about our natural impulse to obey the most powerful.  It made perfect sense.  Dick had followed the Cretans for six years, and somehow had withstood it without descending into madness as Princess had.  Maybe I could be like Dick.  Maybe I could meet a Cretan without losing my mind.  After all, I was stronger than ever.  Real Money had made me that way, hadn’t he?
The Cretan’s hair was cropped close to his scalp, and his skin was almost as black as the sky behind him.  His teeth were large and white.  He smiled at me with a look of great generosity and grace.  I suddenly felt more fearless than ever before.  I thought of Dick’s words:  He was the one who had spared my life, but not out of mercy.  He spared me out of rage.  The Cretans were trapped somehow.  Perhaps they were even more desperate than we were.  They needed us more than we needed them.  I knew this just as I knew that I was staring at the face of a man with access to another realm.  For the first time in days, I was no longer afraid that I might be losing my sanity.  I had finally crossed over.  I prayed that I wouldn’t end up like Princess.  I prayed that I would see Dick in the morning.  I prayed to stay alive.
It was snowing hard.  Large clumps of snow landed on Winston’s head and on his suit.  He continued smiling at me with his mouth, but not with his eyes.  His eyes were dark and filled with anger.  They opened wide as I advanced towards him.
“You see, Jane, it is very, very simple,” Winston said in a deep baritone voice.  “If you help us, then we will help you.  Are you willing to help us?”
“Yes, of course I am,” I said, but the words felt forced.  I remembered again how Monique had forced me to believe in God with the command of her voice, then taken that belief away only moments later.  I relaxed this time, ready to be taken somewhere strange and exhilarating.  This was different.  I was in control somewhere deep in my soul.  They had my body, but they did not have my soul.
“I’m going to tell you something that may scare you,” Winston said, his huge white teeth gleaming, his pink tongue slick with saliva.  
I stood still in the cold room.  When I looked for the light on the ceiling, I realized that there was no light fixture.  The light was coming from somewhere else.  Maybe it was coming from Winston.  I sat down hard on the floor, bracing myself with my hands.  I looked up at Winston’s chiseled face, his impossibly sharp cheekbones and his smooth black skin.  “Nothing can scare me anymore than I already am,” I said quietly.
“That’s what I wanted you to say,” Winston laughed, low and loud, like an animal.  “This isn’t your first time in The Master World.  You’ve been here once before, just last summer.  Do you remember?”
“Real Money took me here when he murdered me for trying to leave him,” I said robotically.  “I’ve been trying to get back here ever since…”
“He beat you to death,” Winston said, softly, as though he were taking pleasure in that fact.  
“I was chosen then,” I said.
“He fractured your skull,” Winston said.  
“He’s one of you, isn’t he?”  I looked at Winston’s white suit and realized that there were tiny spots of blood on his collar and on his lapels.  
“Yes, and he has disobeyed our laws,” Winston said angrily.  “For that, he will be punished.  But first, you’re going to help us finish what he started, because what is set in motion cannot be stopped.”
“I’ll do anything for you, Winston,” I said, my eyes welling with devotion.  I knew that Dick had been right about everything.  I was beginning to enjoy their power so much that I feared losing it.  We were drawn to them like honeybees to the flower.  Dick would be home by morning, and then I would tell him everything.  
When I opened my eyes again, Winston was gone and the room was black again.  The glass door was closed and the balcony was empty.  The curtains were still in a heap on the floor, and they were flecked with blood.  I thought of Real Money, and the way he’d beaten me on our final night together.  I had died on that night, at the hand of a Cretan.  Real Money was more than just a dangerous thug, he was otherworldly, like Winston and Monique.  Somehow, he had broken the laws of his own kind.  He had hidden his true power from everyone, perhaps until the moment of his death in prison.  I collapsed, my head cushioned by the plush, white carpet.  That night I dreamed of Real Money again, but this time, I was the one in control.     
  


The Empress

 
I woke up in Dick’s bed, feeling refreshed and rested, as though I had slept deeply and dreamlessly.  Dick was sleeping next to me, his eyes moving beneath his eyelids, his mouth open wide.  He was in the world of sleep, in some dream world, living an alternate life.  I hoped that when he woke up and saw me, he wouldn’t be disappointed.  He wasn’t.
“Good Morning, Sad Eyes,” he said.  “Last night was pretty quiet, wasn’t it?  That’s a welcome change.”
“Yes, we finally got to bed early and had a restful sleep.  I’ll make some coffee.  Isn’t it about time you purchased a coffee maker instead of always drinking instant?”
“Good idea,” Dick said, sitting up and lighting a cigarette.  “You always have the best ideas.  That’s what I like about you the most.”
I climbed from beneath the sheets, naked except for a pair of cotton underwear.  I ran a hand over my hair.  It was growing longer, to about an inch.  I would need to clip it again soon.  I threw a sweatshirt on and walked into the kitchen.  Dick looked at the wall while I changed.  
I found a red espresso machine on the kitchen counter, with two red coffee mugs in front of it, waiting.  “When did you get this?” I asked.
Dick’s voice came from the bedroom, as though he’d been expecting me to ask.  “Last night, right before bed.  I went out for a couple hours, remember?”
“I thought you stayed in,” I said, trying to remember the previous evening.  Suddenly a black face flashed in my mind and I froze.  My hand knocked one of the coffee cups to the floor and it shattered.  
“What was that?” Dick asked.
“I just broke something.  Don’t worry, I’ll clean it up.  It won’t take a minute.”  I picked the pieces of red porcelain from the tiled floor and dropped them into the trash.  Dick hadn’t yet purchased a broom.  He was not in his apartment enough to need one.  
I found a yellow mug with cats on it in the cupboard and made us each an espresso.  Dick hadn’t purchased espresso cups.  I knew that he didn’t like the idea of anything so formal, so I didn’t comment.  Instead, I placed the coffee mugs on the table in the living room and waited for him to enter the room.
“How did the curtains get pulled down?” Dick asked, looking at the balcony outside through the elegant glass door.  The curtains were in a pile on the floor in front of the glass door.  I thought I saw a spot of red on one side, but when I blinked, it was gone.
“I pulled them down last night while you were out,” I said.  “I thought it was time we got something with more color, something stylish.”
“Good idea,” Dick said, sitting down.  He looked healthier than I remembered him, as though there was a new pinkness in his complexion.  His eyes were clear and sharp.
“Weren’t we supposed to do something last night?” I asked, hearing my voice tremble a little bit.  I didn’t feel afraid, but my voice came out sounding nervy and hoarse.
“Yeah,” Dick said calmly.  “We were going to deliver the cash to Ruby in exchange for the name of the judge who’s holding Real Money upstate.”
“Why didn’t we do it?” I asked.
“Well,” Dick said, touching his hair.  It was a strange gesture for a man so serious.   Dick had no time for vanity.  Not usually.  “I think we were waiting for him to contact us.  I can’t really remember…”
“Yeah, that’s right,” I said confidently.  “And he never did.  So, we just have to find him, I guess.  Siril is waiting for us to move.”
Dick stared at the curtains, then looked at my face, as though he were remembering a bad dream.  Then he snapped out of it, and smiled.  “Let’s get the money and then finish this,” he said.  
I dressed and put on my winter coat, not bothering with a shower.  I dragged some lipstick across my mouth and examined my teeth in the bathroom mirror.  I still had good teeth.  A flash of Princess in The Labyrinth with her frail, yellowed smile entered my mind.  I cringed.  She hadn’t been doing so well the last time I’d seen her.  Actually, she looked like she might be about to start talking to the voices in her head out loud instead of keeping them to herself.
Just before I left the bedroom, I saw a tarot card on the bed, next to the pillow.  In bold, black letters it was labeled “The Empress”.  A young woman with cropped platinum hair sat on a throne, holding a scepter, wearing a blue, fur-lined robe.  It looked like me.  I reached for the guide book and found the description of the card: “The truth in her heart brings dominion over all.  She is reborn in the world of signs.”   I closed the book and found Dick at the front door, ready in his leather jacket.
“Monique wants you to hurry up,” Dick said.
“What do you mean?” I asked, feeling my right hand start to shake.  It shook when I was nervous.  I pressed it against my leg to try to stop it.
“I said, let’s go,” Dick said.
“Didn’t you say something else?”  I looked at Dick’s pale face and his gray eyes.  He looked irritated for a moment, then his face softened.  Dick could never be upset for long if I was in the room.
“No, let’s go.”  Dick opened the door and we stepped into the brightly lit hallway.  
When we arrived at Siril’s building, Dick wanted to go up and grab the money alone.  I wondered if he needed to have a private conversation with Siril about something.  I knew better than to ask any questions, so I just turned the radio on and sat in the car.  Something seemed different about the music.  It was too fast, and then too slow.  Marilyn Manson had been playing on the radio all winter.  His voice drowned out my thoughts for a moment and I imagined my eyes going blind white like his.  I pulled the visor down and looked at my pupils in the mirror.  I looked stone cold sober.  I caught a flash of red hair in a passing car.  Monique wants me to hurry up, I thought.  I rolled down the window and breathed the cold, winter air.  Dick would be back in only a few minutes.  He would never make me wait anywhere alone for too long.  He was too protective.
Dick appeared moments later, a green messenger bag in his hand.  “This will be enough to get the job done,” he said, sliding into the driver’s seat.  “Ruby is at The Rose Motel just off the highway.  It’s only about ten miles from here.”
“How did you know?” I asked.
Dick just looked at me sternly.  “Siril has his ways of finding things out.  Ruby might not be expecting us today, but he’ll be happy that we brought cash, so it should go smoothly.”
“Did Princess kill herself?” I blurted.
“No, honey… Why would you think that?”  Dick said in the voice he used when he was wondering if I might be losing my grip.
“Didn’t Ruby say that?”
“No,” Dick said.  “Ruby said that Princess was checked into Mall River Hospital at the psych ward.  She’s been there for a month.”
“I thought she cut her wrists at Saint Mary’s Church with a tarot card in her lap,” I said.  “But maybe that was just a bad dream.”
“Yeah, it was a dream, honey,” Dick said, starting the engine.
We rode through the city in silence.  The streets were empty.  I realized that I did not know what time or what day it was.  We had our purpose: to get the information from Ruby in exchange for the cash.  Nothing else mattered.  I was beginning to exist in the present moment, just as Dick had for years.  
The Rose Motel was painted pink with green trim.  A large sign with a red rose on it stood in front of the parking lot.  The sign was missing the ‘r’ in ‘rose’.  I recognized Ruby’s Cadillac immediately.  Dick parked on the opposite side of the lot, in front of the motel office.  
“I’ll go find out what room Ruby’s in,” Dick said.  “You can get some fresh air if you want.”  Dick got out of the car and walked into the motel office.  I was sure he’d get the information that he was looking for.  People in places like this always responded to cash, and Dick had plenty on hand.  
I got out of the car and stood on the wet pavement.  The day had been unseasonably warm, melting the snow.  A man with a grey pit bull tugging at its leash stepped out of one of the motel rooms.  His eyes were hard and narrow, and his chest was muscular against a black t-shirt.  His arms were covered with red and black tattoos.  I turned away immediately, knowing that such men didn’t like to be noticed.  He was almost certainly a drug dealer or a pimp, but as long as he wasn’t paying attention to me, I would try to keep it that way.  I felt a strange urge to smoke a cigarette.  
“You are right on time for a change, Jane,” a voice said from behind me.  I recognized it instantly, and my hand began to shake.  I turned to face Monique, who was dressed in a white fur-lined coat.  Her lips were painted gold.  Her eyes sparkled glacier blue.  
“How did you find me?” I asked, already knowing the answer.
“I always know where you are, because I decide where you are going to go,” Monique said.  “I want to tell you something important, and you will listen intently.  Can you do that?”
“Of course, I can do that,” I said.  The words came out robotically, as though someone else were speaking them.  Suddenly I remembered everything: Princess’ suicide at the church, Winston’s terrifying appearance on Dick’s balcony as I died of a drug overdose, Dick’s story of his own resurrection after shooting himself in the head six years earlier.  
“What you are experiencing is called a reset,” Monique said, her voice just as cool and angelic as it had been at our first meeting outside The Labyrinth.  Talking to her felt like being in a movie or a television commercial.  She was beautiful, like an actress, and her diction was perfect.  Her coat was gleaming white and spotless, draped over her thin frame like a royal robe.  She looked like she might be from the future.  I immediately felt tiny and helpless, like an ant about to be burned by the sun.
“What’s a reset?” I asked.  I pressed my right hand against my leg, trying to keep it from shaking so much.  
“We do it frequently in The Master World,” Monique said in a voice of pure confidence.  “It means that we change something about your reality and we force the entire world to conform to that new detail.  But sometimes parts of the old reality slip through.”
“Like Princess’ suicide at the church…”
“Yes, just like that,” Monique said, her voice ringing like a bell.  It was not quite a human voice, but it passed well enough for me to be able to understand her speech.  “You and Dick are initiated enough so that you recall what really happened.  You two have acquired enough free will to remember the truth of what happened, but nobody else recalls.  Absolutely nobody.”  Monique smiled to reveal gleaming white teeth.  For a moment, I thought I saw blood between her teeth, but when I blinked it was gone.  
“But Dick said this morning that it was just a dream.  Why isn’t he telling the truth?”  
“Because he is waiting for you to be ready for it,” Monique said.  
Suddenly I wondered whether I could trust Dick as completely as I had since our first meeting.  Something deep and instinctive in me told me that I should continue to trust him, but a little speck of doubt lingered in the back of my brain.  It was just enough to shake me from my trance.  
“You’re going to leave now, aren’t you?” I said, feeling the words come out as though they were scripted.  
“I will leave right after you give me your word on something important,” Monique said.  Her gold lips sparkled in the winter sun.  She looked like a pocket of warmth in the winter air.  Her eyes glistened with either brilliance or madness.  I wondered whether it might be both, and I shuddered.  My right hand ached against my thigh.  “You must promise not to betray Real Money when you find him.  Do not ask me why I am making this request.  Just give me your word and then I will see you when I see you.”
“That’s exactly what Real Money used to say,” I said.  “He said: ‘I’ll see you when I see you’.”
“Promise me,” Monique said sternly.  Her gold lips pressed together tightly.  Her elegant hands made fists.
“I promise, I will not betray Real Money,” I said calmly.  I knew that the words were chosen for me.  I did not see the point in giving my word if I was controlled to do it.  “Why are you asking me this?”
“You will find out when you are ready,” Monique said.  “For now, I am going to leave you.  Dick is almost on his way back to the car, and I don’t want him to see me just yet.”  She turned and walked towards a red motorcycle.  I watched her climb onto the bike and start the engine.  As she rode onto the highway, I saw that her coat was splattered with mud.
Dick appeared as if on cue, walking from the motel office to his car.  “Hey, Sad Eyes, did you see something crazy?  You look scared.”
“No, it was just a drug dealer with a pit bull, nothing too unusual for this motel I’m sure,” I said.  
“Let’s go then,” Dick said.  “Ruby is in room five.”
We found the green door marked with the number five in gold paint.  Dick hardened his expression and knocked twice.  Dick looked at my face and furrowed his brow.  I knew he meant that this was serious, and I should pay attention and follow his lead.  
The lock clicked and the door opened.  Ruby stood shirtless in the sunlight.  Three gold chains pressed against his brown hairless chest.  I noticed a scar under his collarbone that looked like a burn.  It was dark and round, about the size of a cigar ember.  
“I’m surprised to see you two here,” he said with a big grin.  “But I expect you have what I want, don’t you?”
“Yes, we have it,” Dick said calmly, clutching the green bag.  The scent of drugstore cologne wafted over to us from Ruby.  He must have sprayed his whole body with it that morning.  It was pungent and cheap, with the taint of alcohol.
“It’s not much of a home, but I’ll invite you in.”  Ruby opened the door wider and stepped back.  His track pants were loose under his considerable belly.  He clearly had no shame.
Dick pushed the door open so that it banged against the wall with a thump, flooding the motel room with light.  I followed him into the room, pressing my right hand against my thigh to keep it from shaking again.  The décor was cheap seventies’ green and pink paisley.  Two queen beds with rumpled blankets dominated the room.  The floor was littered with dirty laundry and takeout containers.  I couldn’t help thinking that Real Money never would have tolerated a mess like that.  Real Money was at times vicious, but he was never slovenly.  I thought of what Monique had asked of me and realized that it would not be too difficult to act out of loyalty to Real Money, since at one point I might have done anything for him.  It didn’t matter that I knew I was brainwashed, the conditioning remained in place.  I acted and thought as Real Money’s girl despite all logic and reason indicating that I should run from him instead.  Eventually I might have to choose between Real Money and Dick.  I was certain I would make the right choice.  My right hand shook no matter how much pressure I put on my thigh with my wrist.
Ruby smiled broadly like a dog waiting for its dinner.  His lips were wet with saliva.  The three of us stood in the room in silence, everyone waiting to see who would make the first move.  Ruby stared at the green messenger bag in Dick’s hand and nodded expectantly.  
“This is what we owe you, and we’ll give it to you as soon as you tell us the name of the judge who’s holding Real Money,” Dick said flatly.  I wondered why Dick had to state our purpose so explicitly.  Maybe he thought Ruby a little bit stupid.  Even I knew that stupid thugs were sometimes more dangerous than the smart ones.   Dick probably wanted to get our job done and get out as quickly as possible.  Maybe he thought Ruby needed a little encouragement.
“That’s pretty easy,” Ruby said, still smiling.  
“Who’s there?” a voice said from behind the bathroom door.  It was a high, whispery voice that was strangely familiar.
“It’s just our friends, Dick and Nikki,” Ruby said, never taking his one good eye off the bag full of cash.
A thin woman with white hair trimmed in a neat boyish cut emerged from the bathroom.  Her skin was pale as paper and her cheeks were puffy like dough.  She wore no makeup and her eyes were glazed and wide.  A thin trail of saliva stuck to her chin from the corner of her mouth.  Suddenly I noticed a tattoo of the letters “R.M.” in script on her hand between her thumb and forefinger.  It was Princess back from the dead.
“Well, well, well…If it isn’t Dick and Nikki here to pay a polite visit to some old friends,” Princess said in that funny, whispery voice.  “You’ll have to excuse my appearance.  I’m on a lot of Haldol.   You know, I spent some time at Mall River Hospital psychiatric unit as an esteemed guest.  I’m a changed woman, now.  I’d like to apologize for some of the things I said before.  I wasn’t in my right mind.  I don’t really believe anymore in Jesus or the Cretans.  I’m fixed with helpful medications.  Can’t you see?”  
Princess stepped into the patch of sunlight cast by the open door.  At once I recognized her face, but she looked younger than I remembered her.  Her clear face free of makeup made her look almost childlike, but her hair was greyish white like dirty snow.  I wondered how long her hair had been white.  I’d never seen her without her pink wig.  She was dressed in a grey sweat suit that hung loosely over her thin frame.  I noticed a coffee stain on the front of her sweatshirt.  There was a tiny hole under her lower lip where her beaded lip ring had been.  Yes, this was surely the fearless street bitch I’d met just a couple of months earlier with a vicious stare and a crack pipe in her hand, but she had transformed completely.  I glanced again at the tattoo on her left hand that marked her loyalty to Real Money.  I wondered what he would think if he saw her this way.  He’d probably be terribly disappointed.
“Yes, Princess, we can see that,” Ruby said after a long pause.  I could see that Dick was getting uncomfortable.  He wanted to make a quick exit with the information we needed.  If he knew about the Cretan reset, he was hiding it well.  He didn’t seem at all shocked to see a dead woman standing in front of him in the flesh.  Dick was casual as a man eating a steak dinner on a Tuesday night.  Nothing was unexpected or different.  Or that was my impression.  Maybe Dick was feeling something else inside his complicated brain.  Dick’s free hand twitched and his eyes narrowed slightly.  Ruby’s smile faded and he drew a breath.
“It’s Martin Langley up in Cedar Hills.  His summer home is on about fifty acres of land out in the country there.  I’ll write the address for you and you can be on your way, friends.”  Ruby reached for the pad of motel stationery and wrote an address in fine cursive.  I was surprised that such a brute would write in such a fine hand.  But Real Money had an extensive knowledge of fine wines, and he was even more thuggish than Ruby.  Sometimes it was details like this that made men like that seem more human.  But they were capable of acts of brutality and manipulation well beyond what normal humans even witnessed in a lifetime.  Our world was a secret hidden from regular taxpayers and voters.  I wondered whether I’d be swallowed up by it so deeply that I’d never be able to return to normal life.  Perhaps this awful shift had already happened.  I realized that I should have seen this at the beginning of the summer, when Real Money first got hold of my body and mind.  I’d been a fool to keep believing that there might be a way back to normal life one day if I wished for it.  Suddenly a feeling of coldness ran down my spine.  I realized that I didn’t particularly care if I could never go back.
Princess tittered softly from the back of the room.  “Real Money is coming for all of us,” she said softly, touching her neck with her tattooed hand.  “And I’ll be pretty again when he arrives.  Just you watch.”
I realized that nobody in the room but me recalled the night at the Labyrinth when Princess had appeared fat and provocatively dressed with stock tips for a couple of seedy gangsters.  But clearly the conversation with Ruby had occurred that night as he was still expecting us to give him his share of the cash for the name of the judge who held Real Money upstate.  Some of what I remembered had happened, and some of it had been erased by the Cretans.  Since the reset, Princess’ time line said she’d been locked in a psychiatric unit for a month, but I remembered her from just a couple of nights previous, intoxicated with power and knowledge of the Cretans.  The Cretans had written a new storyline as though we were all living in the movie they were directing.  The last scene of Princess was now on the cutting room floor, but it remained in my memory like a jewel.  
“Why did they put her away?” I asked Ruby, hoping to find out the new reality that apparently everyone shared but me and Dick.
Ruby’s mouth pursed and his good eye glanced over at Princess.  The socket where his left eye had been was covered by a red satin patch in the shape of a heart.  “She touched the black rock,” he said.  “She’ll never tell us where it is.  The psychiatrists drugged that knowledge out of her.  She doesn’t even believe the rock is real anymore.  Bitch is dead weight, but we gotta hold onto her for when Real Money comes back.  He’ll want her no matter what state she’s in.  Family for life, remember Nikki?”
Nikki was short for ‘Nikita’, the name that Real Money had given to me on our first night together the previous summer.  I assumed that Ruby didn’t even know my legal name.  Real Money had named me after the girl in the movie about a street urchin turned assassin.  If Real Money had held on to me a few more months, I might have delivered on the promise of my street name.  The truth seared my soul and burned my brain.  I would have killed for Real Money, his hold on me was so strong.  I wouldn’t be able to tell Dick the truth unless I had to.  And maybe that moment would arrive soon.  I prayed that it would not.  But the city didn’t often answer the prayers of the wicked.  Real Money had been sent back to prison after only a few months back on the street.  Ruby was stuck in a seedy motel room with a psychiatric patient who could no more earn cash than remember her own name.  Dick was stuck in an occupation he abhorred.
Ruby had asked for a meeting with Monique on the night he’d told us about Princess’ suicide.  If the whole event had been erased, he wouldn’t recall seeing Monique’s image on the tarot card that had been found in Princess’ lap.  
“You still want to meet the woman with red hair?” I asked, searching Ruby’s good eye for a sign of recognition.
His eye glistened and he nodded at the messenger bag in Dick’s hand.  “Whoever you’re talking about doesn’t matter no more, I can assure you,” Ruby said.  “Now just hand over the bag.”
Dick dropped the bag on the table and Ruby handed the slip of motel stationery to me.  “Ladies first,” he said with a broad smile.  His right eye winked at me menacingly.  Ruby was dying for a chance to punish me for taking his eye out with a pen.  He was only waiting for the right moment.  
“Thank you, sir,” Dick said, watching me pocket the slip of paper.  “Now let’s go and leave these two to their business.”
Dick and I backed out of the room into the winter light.  I took a last look at Princess, who was still touching her pale neck with her hand.  The mind was a malleable thing, I realized.  Princess might snap out of her Haldol stupor eventually.  I hoped I wouldn’t be present when she did.  
“The redhead…” Ruby said, just as we stepped towards the parking lot.  “I’ve seen her around.  Her name’s Monique, isn’t it?”
“Yeah,” I said, stunned.  
“Yeah I recall that bitch now.  She’s real pretty.  I’ve seen her at the club.  She told me to keep you alive until the right moment.  I don’t know who she thinks she is, but she’s crazy, just like Princess here.  You’d better tell her to mind her own business.  I don’t like being told what to do.”
“Let’s go, honey,” Dick said.   I held Ruby’s gaze for another moment, searching for a clue about what had happened in this new timeline that the Cretans had created.  It stretched into the past and probably into the future as well.  I saw nothing but the cold stare of a heartless thug.  I followed Dick to his black car and climbed into the passenger seat, hoping that at least Dick would be able to help me figure out what was real and what was not.
“The Cretans are gradually losing control,” Dick said flatly as we pulled onto the highway.  Dick’s grip on the steering wheel tightened and his knuckles went white.  “When mortal humans like you and me started getting free will, the Cretans began to die.  They thrive on control and control only.  When they lose control, they start to wither.”
“Then why did they initiate us?” I asked.  “Wasn’t that suicide for them?”
A seagull stood on the highway, picking at the remains of a discarded hamburger.  It took flight at the last possible moment.  I heard a primal screech and saw the flutter of wings.  Dick relaxed his grip on the steering wheel and blinked at the winter sun.  I wondered why he never wore sunglasses.  “One of them started the process in motion because he wanted to change their world for the better.  He believed that the Cretans would die in The Master World, but then be reawakened by their king on a free Earth.”
I remembered Winston in Dick’s living room with his fiery eyes and his immaculate white suit flecked with blood.  Winston had said that Real Money began the process.  What was set in motion could not be stopped.  “How do you know all this?” I asked.
Dick looked at me somberly.  “I know what the Cretans want me to know, when they want me to know it.  And I can forget when they want me to forget.  But gradually they are losing their hold on me.  Winston told me all of this on the night of my death.  I think I was supposed to forget, but I remember enough of it to be afraid.”
“Afraid of what?” I asked.  Dick never spoke of being afraid.  Something about his character was changing.  He had been acting strangely all morning.  
“That free will is a death sentence for all of us,” Dick said.  I noticed a dead animal on the side of the highway and I turned my gaze back to Dick.  His face was pale again but his eyes were sharp.  I shuddered at the thought of the crushed animal, no doubt hit by a passing car.  If I was going to die soon, then I hoped it would at least be dignified and swift.  
“Who could be king of the Cretans?” I asked.  I couldn’t imagine a being even more powerful than Monique or Winston.
“We will find out when we get the rock,” Dick said.  The sky was darkening and a tiny film of frost was beginning to form at the edges of the windshield.
“Real Money started the process when he beat me to death last summer,” I said.  The awful truth settled into my brain like a worm in a hole.  “Winston told me last night.  Now I remember.”
“You were the first, then,” Dick said.
“But what about your story?” I asked.  “Your story of initiation was six years ago.”
“The Cretans exist outside of time,” Dick said as though in a trance.  “My initiation happened after yours.  You were the first.”
I felt my hold on reality loosening again, just as it had when I had first met Monique outside The Labyrinth.  “We might forget this entire conversation, won’t we?”  
“Yeah,” Dick said absently.  “Want a pill?”
I suddenly despised myself for being an addict.  But I reached for the glove compartment anyway, hearing the click of the latch sound like the lock of a prison cell.  I found what I craved behind a pistol encased in leather and a red spiral notebook with yellowed pages.  I hardly noticed the gun.  What surprised me was that Dick was still writing poetry. 
I pinched a blue, rectangular pill from the plastic baggie in Dick’s glove compartment.  I looked at its smooth surface and its perfect symmetry.  After the high was over I’d be in more pain than before.  I wondered why Dick didn’t point this out to me if he cared so much for me.  I closed my fist and held the pill in my hand, searching Dick’s face for an answer.  I knew that I couldn’t ask him why he kept feeding me pills.  This would break our unspoken code.  I rolled down the window and tossed the pill onto the highway.  A blast of cool winter air turned my lips blue under my lipstick.  Dick pretended not to notice, but I knew that he did.  
“I changed my mind,” I said.
“About what?” Dick asked, staring straight ahead at the grey sky and the rusty green sedan speeding ahead of us on the highway.  I could see a woman’s red lips reflected in the rearview window on the passenger side of that car.  She was smiling as though remembering a pleasant memory, like a summer picnic or a trip to the beach.  Her skin was milky white like Monique’s flawless complexion.  When her lips drew back to reveal yellowed, crooked teeth I recoiled and shifted my gaze back to the road.  I saw a woman on a motorcycle in a white coat.  It could easily have been Monique, but the motorcyclist wore a black helmet that totally concealed her face.  
“I don’t want a pill,” I said flatly.  It was the first time I’d said no to Dick about anything.
“You don’t have to take it,” Dick said, glancing at the open glove compartment.  His gun and poetry notebook were still visible among a few crumpled receipts and the bag of colored pills.  He looked hurt somehow, as though I’d just insulted him.  I turned to look at the motorcyclist again, but she had sped far ahead of us so that she was only a dark speck against the grey horizon.
I noticed a dark shadow fall on Dick’s face, casting his pale skin in charcoal grey.  The first seagull smashed against the windshield with a bloody thump, cracking the glass in an intricate spiderweb pattern.  Then three more collided with the glass, leaving bloody corpses on the hood of the car.  A wing fluttered in the wind with a bloody, broken tip.  I registered what was happening in the present moment only.  My past and future faded to blackness and I became a witness to the scene of my own accidental death.  
Dick slammed his foot on the brake, but it was too late.  We collided with the green sedan in front of us.  Our airbags inflated and the seat belt pulled against my chest with the force of a hard punch.  I noticed that Marilyn Manson was playing again on the radio right before I lost consciousness.  
I woke up in an ambulance, my body stretched out on a gurney.  I heard the beeping of a heart monitor and I felt the pressure of a blood pressure cuff around my left arm.  When I tried to raise my hands, I realized that they were strapped down to the gurney.  I opened my eyes, seeing only a blur of human figures in black uniforms.  
“She’s regaining consciousness,” a masculine voice said from just above my face.  
“Put her under again,” another voice said from behind my head.  I felt a barely perceptible pin prick in my arm and the world descended into black silence.
In that shadowy world between wakefulness and unconsciousness, I dreamed again of Real Money.  We were in the Motel Walden, room number 108.  Real Money was dressed in black denim.  His jeans pulled tightly against his massive thighs, and the floor creaked under the weight of his body when he walked.  He wasn’t much more than five-foot-ten, but his chest and shoulders were broad with muscle.  His biceps bulged under his black denim jacket.  Real Money was so heavily built that regular clothes didn’t quite fit him.  His pale blue shirt was crisp and smooth, tightly tucked under his leather belt.  
“I have to go,” I pleaded.  “I’m not doing any of this anymore.”  I looked at Real Money’s teeth, his pink lips and his carefully groomed mustache.  I stared at his mouth because I was afraid of what I would see in his eyes.
“You’re saying you want to leave me, girl?”  Real Money’s skin was the color of fine cherry wood.  His cheekbones were high and sharp.  He was handsome in a way that so few regular people ever were.   He looked larger than life, like he’d stepped out of a movie screen.  For a moment, I thought I saw a flash of compassion in his eyes.  
“Yeah, I want to go.”  An old Janet Jackson video played on the motel room television.  The singer danced in a beautiful, brightly colored dress.  Her voice was innocent and provocative at once.  Real Money reached back to the television with his right hand and turned the volume way up.  
His upper lip curled in a snarl.  I noticed how perfectly white his teeth were.  Real Money drew his hand back and pressed his lips together in concentration.  I heard a thumping sound on my left side, and I felt my head disconnect from my body as though I had split in two.  
“I’m doing this for your own good, Nikita.  Now, get up.”  Real Money stood over me, impossibly large and powerful.  I was on the floor, my face pressed against the puke yellow carpet of the motel room.  It took me a moment to realize that I’d been knocked unconscious.  The last thing that I wanted to do was stand up.  I was comfortable lying on the floor in a half dream.  I stared down at my slender, white legs.  I was wearing a pair of denim shorts and a white cropped tee shirt with a picture of two pistols on it.  I was barefoot.  “Get… up…”  Real Money’s voice penetrated my brain over the sound of the television.  The music coming from the TV was beautiful, happy and bright.  The carpet smelled of alcohol and cigarette smoke.
“What if I… don’t… want to,” I spat.  A spot of spittle landed on Real Money’s boot.  I cackled maniacally, feeling the adrenaline rush of imminent violence.  I felt a sudden rush of power in my fearlessness, a disregard for life and death reserved only for the doomed and the insane.
Real Money kicked me in the stomach with his steel-toed boot.  I coughed and wrapped my arms around my chest.  I didn’t feel the pain until moments later, when I was throwing up a thin layer of green bile on the carpet.  I laughed again, but weakly.  This was what I’d been waiting for since I’d met Real Money on the crowded city street just a few weeks earlier.  I’d known all along that I was meeting my killer, and now the moment had arrived.  I saw everything with perfect clarity and reason.  I was saved, redeemed from my previous life of shallow, middle-class misery.  I wanted desperately to live.  
I climbed to my feet, my gut aching like a gunshot wound.  I felt a dull swelling beginning on my left cheek, and a numbness in my face.  I stared into Real Money’s eyes and he smiled again with his teeth glistening like pearls.  “That’s my girl,” he said, drawing his hand back again.  
My eyes snapped open again in the ambulance.  I could hear the blare of the siren like a faint, faraway song.  Two men were seated on either side of me, watching me placidly.  
“Where’s Dick?” I asked weakly.  “Is he alive?”
“He’s alright, honey,” the man on the left said.  “Just relax.  We’re almost there.”  He didn’t bother to stand, so I couldn’t see his face when he spoke.  He sounded brutish and cold.  I had never ridden in an ambulance before, but I suspected that this man was not an ordinary paramedic.  I craned my neck to try to get a glimpse of his face, but I could see only the top of his shaven head.  I felt the sting of a needle in my arm and I went under again.  This time my sleep was dreamless.  
I woke up in a white room with a metal door.  I was lying on a thin mattress perched on a metal frame.  There were no pillows or sheets.  The floor was grey linoleum.  It reminded me of the floor in my parents’ kitchen.  Little black flecks danced around little white splotches across the entire surface like imitation marble.  I could see a small bathroom in the corner with a toilet and a shower stall.  Apart from the bed, the room was completely empty.  
I took a quick inventory of my body.  I was wearing blue hospital scrubs that tied at the waist.  My head ached terribly and my chest felt bruised in the spot where the seatbelt had pulled against my flesh.  I thought my nose might be broken, and I touched it with my finger.  A sharp, searing pain spread across my face and into my brain.  Someone had already reset it and taped it.  
“You’ve been in a car accident, but you’re still alive,” I said, my weak voice amplifying itself in the empty room.  I knew that I was not in a hospital, although my last memory was of riding in an ambulance.  I was sure that Dick had also survived the accident, and probably he was in the same building, in a similar room, also wondering where he was.
I noticed a camera mounted in the corner of the room, just below the ceiling.  It stared at me with its black eye.  Whoever was watching me would know that I was awake.  The latch on the metal door clicked and the door opened with a creak.  A man who looked just like Winston entered the room, looking stern and humorless.  I wondered whether he might be a government agent.  His suit was plain grey and his shoes were heavy with thick soles.  He looked official somehow, but this was no government building.  
“You’ve been in a car accident,” the man said.  He held a black leather folder in his hand.  I could see papers piled inside the folder.  This man had information about me and about Dick.  All my instincts told me to fear him.  
I sat up and placed my bare feet on the cold linoleum floor.  My ribs shot arcs of pain across my chest and my stomach churned.  I realized that I was hungry enough to eat anything that might be put in front of me.  My mouth felt wet with saliva.  I groaned.
“You look just like someone I know,” I said.  
The man smiled broadly, revealing large, white teeth just like Winston’s.  His skin was deep black and his eyes were set wide.  “We’ve never met, I can assure you,” he said, gesturing to someone just out of sight.  A man in a white uniform appeared, carrying a metal chair.  He looked hard and faceless, with cropped hair and blank eyes.  The man who looked like Winston nodded, and the man in the white uniform placed the metal chair in the center of the room.
Soon, we were alone again.  The man in the white uniform left just as expediently as he had entered.  “My name is Mr. Sparrow, and I just need to ask you a few questions.  Then you’ll be free to go.”
“Where am I?” I asked, my voice sounding hoarse.  I craved a glass of water and a cheeseburger.  My lips quivered.  
“You’re in a safe place,” Mr. Sparrow said in a voice meant to be reassuring.  Instead I felt my heart quicken.  I sucked in a breath of air and looked at his black eyes for a sign of compassion.  What I saw was very familiar as I had seen that look in Real Money’s eyes many times.  Mr. Sparrow looked focused and intent on getting what he wanted from me, even if it meant killing me.  He cared for my life as much as for the housefly on his soup plate.  But at the same time, I represented something of great value to him.  I was smart enough to fear him, and also smart enough to obey him, if it meant keeping my life.  “You witnessed an unusual event,” Mr. Sparrow continued.  “Are you aware of a number of animal suicides across the globe in recent days?”
“No,” I answered flatly.  “But I don’t have a television or read the news.”
“Because you’re a criminal,” Mr. Sparrow said pointedly.
“Am I being accused of something?” I asked.  I forgot my thirst and hunger for a moment.  If these people had Dick, then they might know that he was a killer.  I longed to be back in Dick’s apartment in our safe bed.  The floor was frigid against the soles of my feet.  My right hand began to shake.
“No, you are not being accused of anything.  But we know who you are.”  Mr. Sparrow opened his leather folder and examined a sheet of paper.  His fingernails were perfectly manicured.  “You’re the former associate of Harold James, a.k.a. Real Money, are you not?”
I never knew Real Money’s legal name.  It seemed so ordinary for such a powerful thug.  “Yes, I was,” I said plainly.  “How do you know?”
“He told us about you, just before he told us about the black rock.  We’re still looking for the rock, and we believe that you might have some information about where it might be.”
“The only two people who knew where it was were Princess and Real Money, and Princess doesn’t even believe the rock is real anymore, much less remember where she hid it.  And what does this have to do with a bunch of dead seagulls?”  I felt a sense of unreality as I spoke the words.  Maybe I had already lost my mind and this was just part of my insanity.  Maybe Mr. Sparrow was really a psychiatrist and this was my hospital room.  The moment that I stopped fearing that I might be losing my mind was the moment that I had lost it.  Nothing had seemed right since the night I’d met Winston with a belly full of pills.  Maybe I was dead and this was purgatory.  I pressed my wrist against my thigh to stop my hand from shaking, but my hand shook violently anyway.  I felt suddenly faint.
Mr. Sparrow sat down heavily in the metal chair.  His muscular thighs pressed against his ironed dress pants.  He looked to be slightly over six feet tall.  “We believe that the rock is causing the animal suicides through a disturbance in the Earth’s magnetic field.  The rock contains a rare element found nowhere else on Earth.  Anything so rare and powerful is extremely valuable, as I’m sure you understand.”
I looked at Mr. Sparrow’s dark eyes.  The whites shone brightly so that they were almost blue.  “Well I don’t have any information for you, so I guess I can just go,” I said.
“Mr. James claimed that he did not know where the rock was hidden, and we did use rather extreme methods to coax the information out of him, if he had it.  But perhaps this Princess could find a way to recall where it is.”  Mr. Sparrow ignored my request to leave.  I noticed the shadow of the man in the white uniform through the small, square window in the metal door across the room.
“Good luck with that,” I said.  “Princess can hardly remember her own name.  She spent some time in Mall River Hospital psychiatric unit and she’s just not the same anymore.  She drools on herself now, if you know what I mean.  I can’t help you, and neither will she.  So, you should just show me the way out of here and we can forget this whole conversation.”  My stomach rumbled and my right hand steadied itself.  I didn’t think that this man would kill me for my refusal to cooperate.  I realized that I wasn’t afraid of anything else that he might do.  I had already survived a beating from Real Money, a fight with Ruby, a drug overdose and a car accident.  The Cretans did not want me dead, and they were far more powerful than Mr. Sparrow could even dream.  
“Would you like something to eat?”  Mr. Sparrow raised a hand and waved at the man behind the window in the metal door.  The man in the white uniform pushed the door open and stood rigidly in front of Mr. Sparrow.  “Jane would like a cheeseburger with fries and a large glass of water,” Mr. Sparrow said.  The man nodded and disappeared as suddenly as he had appeared.  The metal door closed behind him with an audible click.
“How did you know what I wanted?” I asked.
“It was an easy guess,” Mr. Sparrow said.  His lips stretched over his large teeth in a broad smile and he leaned back in his chair.  I felt suddenly uneasy again.  This man was very confident in his own power.  I was weak, injured and in pain.  I would never be able to overpower him or any of the other men waiting outside the door.  I could not try to force my way out, so I just decided to play along until I could talk my way out of this place that was not a hospital and not a prison.
“Where’s Dick?  Is he here?” I looked at Mr. Sparrow’s perfectly manicured hands and his black, leather folder filled with papers.  If he knew about the rock, and he knew Real Money’s legal name, then he also knew what Dick did for a living.  
“He is with us, and he’s also safe.  That’s all you need to know for now.  I will leave you to eat your dinner, and we can talk later.  You’ll be with us for just a few days, until you recuperate.  Then everything will be back to normal, I can assure you.”  Mr. Sparrow spoke the final words with precision, and I felt my spine straighten, my heart beating fast, then slowly against my chest.  I knew that this man was lying just as well as I could see when a lowlife like Ruby was trying to serve himself by telling a thug’s fairy tale.  But there was nothing that I could do to challenge him, at least not in the moment, so I stayed silent and waited for my meal to arrive.
Mr. Sparrow stood tall, so that he towered over me, and the metal chair creaked as it was relieved of his weight.  I watched him exit the room with a powerful, confident stride.  He nodded to someone outside, then after a heavy click from the latch, opened the door in a single, smooth gesture.  He slipped into the mysterious hallway outside and closed the door behind him.  For a moment I could see his muscular neck through the tiny window, and then he was gone.
My dinner arrived within minutes.  The man in the white uniform placed a plate of food on the floor, just a few feet from the bed.  It occurred to me that he was slightly afraid of me.  I wondered what things were written on those papers in Mr. Sparrow’s folder.  
I ate with the plate in my lap, devouring the food in large bites, hardly taking time to breathe.  The meat was pink and slightly rare, but it was juicy and delicious.  It tasted like beef from a high-quality restaurant.  My stomach ached from the sudden introduction of solid food.  I hadn’t eaten in at least twenty-four hours.  Dick didn’t keep much food around at his apartment.  
When I was finished, I stood upright on the cold floor and walked barefoot to the bathroom.  My chest would have a bruise on it from the impact of the seatbelt of the car.  I might have had a couple of bruised ribs and a broken nose, but otherwise I’d survived reasonably in one piece.  Hurry up, I thought to myself, searching for a light switch.
A cold fluorescent light shone down on me from the ceiling.  The bathroom was tiled in grey stone, with a simple white toilet and a basic shower stall in the corner.  The walls were clean and white.  I examined myself in the mirror above an oval-shaped porcelain sink.  My face was bruised and my nose was swollen, but my eyes were sharp and clear.  I felt a sudden wave or relief that I was facing this situation with a sober mind.  I had thrown the last pill onto the highway rather than swallow it.  There was a certain sense of liberation in breaking a habit.  I could be anyone and do anything if I would only choose it.  There was no more right or wrong, only my need in the moment.  I washed my hands with a bar of white soap that I found resting on the sink, wrapped in paper like what might be found in a fancy hotel.  
I squatted over the toilet to relieve my bladder, closing my eyes and holding my breath.  The sound of whistling echoed in the other room as I urinated.  My eyes snapped open and I finished my business.  I already knew who it was, though it seemed impossible that she could be there in that room.  I had already learned to accept the impossible, so I calmly washed my hands again and dried them on the white towel hanging next to the sink, readying myself for what I was about to see next.
“You’re wondering how I could possibly be in this room,” Monique said in her now familiar television voice.  She stood against the metal door, her milky white skin free of makeup.  Only a blush of orchid covered her full lips.  Her glacier-blue eyes were sharp and focused.  Her eyelashes were red, just like her hair.  She wore a starched, white uniform and white shoes with thick, rubber soles.  She looked elegant and beautiful even in such a plain uniform.  Her waist was narrow, and her crisp shirt was neatly tucked under her belt.  
“You look like you work here,” I said calmly.  I was no longer shocked when Monique appeared.  Perhaps this was another sign that I was losing my mind.  I thought of Dick’s persistent offers of pills of every variety and color.  What need had I for pills when reality was becoming a drug all its own?  Dick had been right: I was beginning to like the Cretans.  
“I do not work here,” Monique said.  “I’m merely blending in.  Remember, that if none of this is real, then only the signs truly matter.  The details are irrelevant.”
“Then why are you here?”  I looked at Monique’s small, elegant hands and her graceful neck.  I thought I saw spots of blood between her teeth when she spoke, and tiny spots of blood at the corners of her eyes.  
“I am on an important mission,” Monique said, standing straight and tall against the door.  I wondered whether Mr. Sparrow might return soon and interrupt us.  Surely, he would not approve of my visitor.  “The man who introduced himself to you as Mr. Sparrow is really the Cretan called Winston.   I’m sure you have noticed the amazing resemblance.  You see, Winston has died in The Master World and become a mortal on Earth, just as the one you know as Real Money did before.”
“But you are still in The Master World,” I said, feeling the words spill from me again as though they were scripted.  Whenever I spoke to Monique, I had the same feeling of being controlled, but I knew that actually during these moments I was simply aware of how I was manipulated from outside.  The rest of the time it was happening without my awareness.  I realized that I was more comfortable in a state of ignorance.  I wished again to go back to Dick’s apartment and forget everything that had happened since the car accident.
“You’re right,” Monique said, her voice smooth and angelic.  It was not a human voice at all, and it sounded louder and more piercing than any other voice I’d heard, except perhaps for Winston’s voice on the night of my drug overdose.  “I’m still just an illusion on Earth, so I can be anywhere and do anything I please.  But Winston is now relegated to the mortal realm until our king decides his final fate.”
“You look like you’re dying too,” I said.  The floor was frigid against the soles of my feet.  I took a few steps towards Monique, feeling myself drawn like a bee to a flower.  She was magnificent and terrifying at once.  I wondered if this was what psychologists meant when they referred to the death drive.  I had already experienced near death several times, and now I almost craved it.  
“You’re right again,” Monique said coolly.  “That’s why you must hurry towards your fate.  Hurry up, Jane.  All of us are waiting for you.”
“Dick said that Cretans wither when they lose control.  Are we killing you?”  I thought I saw a drop of blood on Monique’s earlobe.  The whites of her eyes looked slightly pink, as though they were also stained with blood.
“Dick knows a great deal now.  He almost knows too much, wouldn’t you say?”  Monique touched her ear absently with her finger and the blood smeared on her flesh like bright red paint.  
“What’s my fate?” I asked, suddenly terrified of the answer I was about to hear.  
Monique looked into my eyes with a warm compassion that sparked an almost religious reverence in my core.  “You were the first to develop a spark of free will on Earth.  Yours is a young soul, a soul in its first incarnation.  It was extremely unlikely that such a young soul could develop free will without self-destructing in agony and madness.  But you have been chosen by Real Money, haven’t you?  That was the start of all our deaths in The Master World.  And now our only salvation will be when you awaken our king.”
I felt the strength in my legs give out and I dropped to the floor in a squatting position, pressing my palms against the frigid floor.  The sensation of coldness brought me back to myself.  My flesh was real, and the floor was real, but Monique was not real.  She was merely a very dangerous illusion.  “Princess touched the rock and lost her mind.  It killed her, didn’t it?”  I heard my own voice sound higher pitched and bell-like in the nearly empty room.  This feeling of separation from reality was worse than any bad drug trip I’d ever had.  I wished that Dick could be around to tell me what to do next.  But he was locked up in another cell somewhere, wrestling with his own demons.
“What happened to Princess was a glitch, an error.  We fixed it as well as we could.  She is also a very young soul, but somewhere deep inside her mind, she remembers her own death.  We can never erase any event completely.  The ghost of the past always remains.”
“She’s going to remember eventually,” I said.  I knew the answers to my own questions even before Monique spoke the words.  But I knew that as soon as Monique was gone, I would forget parts of it.  When Princess remembered her own death, she would be crazier than ever before.  No amount of Haldol could keep her from descending into a madness more violent and erratic than ever before.  Only Real Money could spare her this fate.  Only Real Money could control Princess and keep her from going down that awful road.  Perhaps this was true of me, too.  Real Money had cut his way into the core of my consciousness.  In fear of death, I thought his name.  Maybe he was the only one who could save me from myself.  I knew that Monique was right that I should not betray him.  I could see this with a deep, sober clarity.  “I can’t awaken your king.  I’m not that strong.  Find someone else.”
The latch on the door clicked loudly.  I saw a shadow through the tiny window behind Monique’s head.  There was a loud bang behind me, like a cherry bomb, and a slight odor of burning rubber.  I turned my head towards the sound and saw only a black stain on the wall, just a few inches above the floor.  When I turned back towards the door, Monique had disappeared.  
The man in the white uniform who had brought my dinner entered the room.  His face looked softer somehow, more human, but his slate grey eyes were blank as ever.  “I came to collect your plate,” he said plainly, his voice as humorless as that of a cop on the red zone beat.  He spotted something at his feet, and stooped to pick it up from the floor.  I saw a small bald spot developing at the crown of his head.  I was sure he was self-conscious about that.  “This yours?” he asked, his eyes shining under the bright overhead lights.  
“Yes, it’s mine,” I said instinctively.  “I dropped it over there.”  The man stepped efficiently over to my bed and grabbed the greasy plate from the floor.  He held a small card in his hand, with a pattern of primary colors on the back like a gothic window.  It was one of my tarot cards.  
“Here you go,” he said with uncharacteristic friendliness.  His eyes twinkled for just a moment with what looked like real kindness.  Then they faded back to blank cop eyes.  
I took the card from his outstretched hand and pressed it against my chest.  I waited until he left the room before I dared to look at it.  The text on the card read, ‘The Emperor’, and the image appeared as a tall man in a royal robe with a crown on his head.  The man looked just like Siril.  I turned the card over and saw that someone had written a sentence in tiny script around the white edges of the back of the card.  I squinted to try to decipher the words: His ego rules the whole of the world, and this is his destruction.  
I suddenly knew why Dick really wanted to get the treasure to Siril.  I felt my dinner rising up in my throat.  I rushed to the bathroom and vomited into the toilet.  When I had the strength to stand, I went to the sink and splashed water into my mouth and on my bruised face.  My eyes were hazel flecked with yellow, and the whites were clear as ever, almost blue.  I was sober for the first time in weeks, and then I knew the truth that Dick had made such effort to hide from me.  I walked towards the bed and sat down heavily on the mattress.  I looked at the camera mounted on the ceiling in the corner of the room.  All I had to do was wait.    
    

The Emperor

 
I waited for Mr. Sparrow to return, but as the hours passed, I realized that I would not see him again until morning.  My eyelids started to feel heavy, and I guessed that it was night.  I had no window or wrist watch to indicate the time of day, so I had to trust the signals coming from my body.  
I lay flat on the mattress and closed my eyes.  My chest and ribs only ached when I moved, but as soon as I was still, I found that I could relax.  I let sleep overtake me, resting my small hands on my stomach.  The room was cool and I had no blanket, but I was so tired that I drifted into a dream just moments after I closed my eyes.
I found myself sitting in an American style steak house with Real Money, Ruby and a short redhead who wore too much makeup.  Real Money wore his usual black denim, and he left his jacket on as he ate.  A man like him believed that he made the rules, so he did not care for propriety, even when dining out.  Ruby was digging into the bread basket, chewing with his mouth open.  He wore a thick, gold chain and a red leather cap.  If we stood out in the restaurant filled with middle-class families eating a Friday dinner, nobody seemed to notice.  Our waitress filled our water glasses quickly and courteously.  She did not waste time with small talk, but we were all hungry, so we didn’t care.  Real Money didn’t like to talk to people unless he had a clear end in mind, so this suited him just fine.  
“Funny how she don’t talk much, right Real Money?” Ruby pointed his fork at me as he spoke, then stabbed at his salad and stuffed the food into his large mouth.
The redhead looked at me and stifled a smirk.  Her name might have been ‘Natalie’ or ‘Nadine.’  I wasn’t sure because Ruby hadn’t properly introduced us when they arrived at the restaurant.  I had only heard about her from Real Money.  She was plump but in the early stages of heroin addiction, so it wouldn’t be long before she was thin and hollow looking, just like many of the girls I’d seen around Ruby.  I didn’t like being talked about as though I were not present, so I glared at Ruby for a moment, then collected myself by taking a smooth sip of cold water.
“That’s because she’s intelligent,” Real Money said with a scowl.  “Ain’t that right?”  He nudged me with his elbow and I forced a smile.  I could see a smudge of pink lipstick on my napkin where I’d dabbed at my mouth.  
“Yeah, that’s right,” I said, staring at Ruby with a slight challenge.  If he was going to be rude to me all night, I could at least hope to stir up some trouble between him and Real Money.  I knew that Ruby was intimidated by Real Money, and he would shrink if the larger man started to threaten him.  I wanted to see Ruby cower a bit.  I felt that it was the only way for me to retain my dignity.  I avoided the gaze of the redhead, only because I knew that she was doomed.  I’d seen plenty of girls in the later stages of addiction succumb to desperation and degradation.  I didn’t care to watch it if I had a choice.
“Yeah, well why would you want a girl who’s smarter than you?  She’s going to see you for what you are and leave.”  Ruby signaled to the waitress as he finished his sentence, ignoring the fire in Real Money’s eyes.  I wouldn’t have to stir it up, because Ruby was doing my work for me.
The waitress arrived with her notepad, ready to take our dessert orders.  Real Money ordered us both a slice of hot apple pie with vanilla ice cream.  “Make it sweet, like Nikita here,” Real Money said, offering the waitress a broad smile.  She looked nervous for a moment, then returned her gaze to her notepad.  She looked at Ruby with a big smile and asked him what he wanted.  I could see a thin line of fuchsia lipstick between her two front teeth.  Ruby ordered himself an ice cream sundae with chocolate sprinkles and a cherry.  The redhead next to him stayed silent, staring at her half-eaten dinner.  
“She’ll just have a shot of whiskey,” Ruby said.  The waitress nodded and left expediently.  I could see that she wasn’t too concerned with earning a big tip from us.  She was more concerned with getting us out of there.  So much for blending in, I thought.  Everyone in here can smell the violence on us, they’re just pretending we aren’t criminals so they can continue in their comfortable blindness.  Nobody in here has the sense to fear us, except the waitress, because she just got a close-up view.  
“Funny how your girl there don’t look so energetic tonight,” Real Money said, looking Ruby right in the eyes and stabbing at a bloody piece of steak on his plate.  “You got her sick just like all the others?”
“That’s not your business,” Ruby said.  The redhead stared down at her lap.  She looked like she might be trying to disappear.  Her eyelids were painted in bright, seafoam green.  Her lashes were glued on.  She looked pretty in the dim light of the restaurant, but I could see a slight swelling under her left eye.  Her face was painted with vanilla cream foundation, but I wondered whether there might be a bruise or two under all that makeup.  
“Just like Nikita ain’t your business,” Real Money said, chewing on his meat with his powerful jaw.  He fixed his gaze on me for one beat, his eyes still fiery with anger, his body tense and utterly controlled.  Real Money made a fist with his left hand, then dabbed at his mouth with a cloth napkin.  Ruby leaned back in his chair and smiled.  The redhead smirked nervously at him, then stared back at her plate.  
“I’m just telling it like it is, and if you can’t see straight, you’ll end up back in prison just like last time.”  Ruby winked at me as he spoke the words, and I felt a fire rising in my own eyes.  He was a disgusting pig who ruined all his girls.  Ruby had no business calling Real Money stupid.  I felt Ruby’s eyes on my body, leaving a greasy mark across my chest.  I grabbed my steak knife and pointed it at Ruby’s throat across the table.  The tip of the blade glinted yellow under the lights of the iron chandelier overhead.  Ruby looked startled and choked on his food, gasping for air as he coughed a piece of gristle into his palm.  
Real Money exploded like a bomb.  “That’s my girl!  That’s my girl!”  He clapped his hands together and threw his head back, his voice carrying across the room, his teeth shining under the lights.  “That’s my Nikita!”  Real Money’s boot slammed down on the floor under the table.  When his eyes met mine, I felt a powerful loyalty mixed with gut-wrenching fear; but it felt just like love in the moment, and my body warmed with emotion.  The blade of the steak knife stayed in the air until Real Money gently took it from my hand.  “That’s what I’m talking about, when I say she’s intelligent,” Real Money said with a chuckle, his voice rich with confidence and menace.
My blood surged with adrenaline, and my hand hovered in the air without the knife.  Real Money grabbed my wrist and eased my arm down so that it pressed against the wooden table.  When the waitress arrived with our desserts, I could see that her hand was shaking slightly under the tray that held our ice cream and pie.  Real Money could see as well as I could that it was almost time to leave.  But we ate our desserts in silence until our plates were clean and our mouths were wet with the taste of sugar.  Ruby saved his maraschino cherry for last, biting it from the stem with relish.  We were going to exit when we were good and ready, no matter how many people were trying not to stare.
I woke up in the cold, empty room knowing that I’d experienced not just a dream, but a powerful memory.  I realized that my dreams were beginning to feel more real than my waking life.  The fluorescent lights in the ceiling flickered brightly.  It could have been the middle of the night, or early morning.  I looked towards the tiny window in the room’s only door for signs of life.
The black mark on the wall that had appeared when Monique left me was still there.  It seemed like the only piece of hard evidence that any events of the past twenty-four hours had been real.  But Monique was just a dangerous illusion from The Master World, not really a real person.  I was then sure of it.  I vowed to find out why she thought that I could awaken the Cretan king.  I felt small and pathetic in my cotton scrubs, barefoot in the frigid room.  The effects of withdrawal were beginning to make me nauseous, and I reproached myself for never asking the names of any of the pills that Dick handed to me.
I suddenly noticed the corner of the tarot card peeking out from under the bed.  I reached down to pick it up, and my ribs shot bolts of pain across my body.  I read the tiny script along the edges of the card again: His ego rules the whole of the world, and this is his destruction.  I flipped the emperor card over to see an image of Siril in a black robe with red trim, a golden crown on his head.  His expression looked sober, almost empty, like a man unaware of his fate.  When Siril gained possession of the treasure, he would be destroyed by madness, just as Princess had been.  Then, Dick would be a free man.  The truth seemed so plainly obvious, I wondered why I hadn’t realized it much earlier.  I thought again of the endless parade of colored pills that Dick had offered me since our first meeting.  There was another secret that Dick had been keeping from me, and the coldness of it seeped again into my brain like a winter break of dawn.  I hoped that I wouldn’t forget these truths as Monique had surely willed me to understand them.  Something was changing in me, and I was experiencing my own will for the first time in sobriety.  I hated Dick for lying to me so long, but I knew that in a way I still desperately needed him.
The heavy, metal door unlatched with a loud clicking sound, and Mr. Sparrow entered the room just as officiously as he had left a few hours earlier.  He carried the same leather folder filled with papers, and his tailored suit showed his muscular physique under fine, navy blue cloth.  He allowed another faceless man in white to deposit a metal chair at the center of the room, and then he spoke.  “The man you were sharing a car with when the accident occurred is Terrence Cooper, a notorious contract killer associated with the Russian crime element of the city.  Were you aware that this man was a killer?”
“Who’s Terrence Cooper?” I blurted, already knowing the answer.  
“You may know him by a different name, but he claims that he doesn’t know you at all.  We assume that this is a lie.”  Mr. Sparrow raised his dark eyebrows and peered at me from across the room.  I noticed a tiny dimple on his cheek, and a long scar just in front of his left ear.  Otherwise, his dark skin was flawlessly smooth.  
“My dreams are starting to seem just like memories,” I said, feeling the words forced and robotic.  I could feel Monique watching me from afar, trying to urge me forward on a mysterious mission that only she seemed to understand.
“Pardon me?” Mr. Sparrow’s expression softened.  For the first time, I saw him look genuinely surprised.  
“I think dreams and reality are starting to become the same thing,” I said softly, not at all expecting Mr. Sparrow to understand me.  
Mr. Sparrow opened his folder and pretended to examine a heavily annotated document from the top of his pile of papers.  “Oddly, Mr. Cooper said the same thing just this morning.  Now, what’s the name that he gave to you?”
“I know him as Dick,” I said.  “And I did know that he was a killer.  He told me.  So, what does that have to do with why we’re all here?”  
“Almost nothing,” Mr. Sparrow said, his voice deep and low.  “It’s purely incidental to our purposes.  But it would tell me something about your character if I knew that you were associating with a murderer.”
“So now I guess you know everything you need to know about me.  Is it almost time for me to leave?”  I pressed the tarot card against my thigh with my palm, feeling the solidity of the cardboard on my skin.  It seemed like the only thing in the room that was real.  Mr. Sparrow was really Winston as a mortal human, but he did not seem to realize this fact.  Monique did not seem like a liar, if she was even real.  I craved one of Dick’s pills suddenly, as a retreat into a drug high would at least stop the uneasy feeling that reality was completely falling apart.
“You’re also an addict,” Mr. Sparrow said, answering my thought.  “Do you need anything to take the edge off this morning?  Maybe some medication will make you feel better.”
“Maybe later,” I said spitefully.  I wasn’t going to take anything from this man.  I was growing to despise him even more.  
“That is completely your choice to make.”  Mr. Sparrow opened his folder again and sifted through the papers one by one.  He appeared to study some text, furrowing his brow and pinching the paper tightly with his perfectly manicured hand.  “Did you know that the man you call Dick murdered an innocent child?”
I remembered Dick’s story of driving to the beach intending to shoot himself rather than kill a young boy, but the Cretans had spared Dick’s life that day.  Had he returned to his normal life and murdered the boy after all?  That would have been abhorrent to him, but what choice would he have had?  “I don’t think he killed a child,” I said.
“It’s in my file,” Mr. Sparrow said smoothly.  “I’m not here to charge either of you with any crimes.  Our purpose relates to the missing artifact.  If you can help us to find the rock, then we’ll consider it even.”
“That sounds too good to be true.”  I looked at Mr. Sparrow’s deeply set eyes.  He clearly did not recall being the Cretan named Winston, but somehow it was the same soul enacting the same will.  
“You don’t have to believe it in order for it to be true,” Mr. Sparrow said with a smile.  “Now, where is Princess and how can we convince her to tell us where the rock is?”
I didn’t like Princess, but I didn’t want to give up her location as it was the only valuable piece of information that I held.  I had good reason to suspect that Mr. Sparrow was lying about intending to let me go as soon as his questions were answered.  “I think she left town after the rumor of Real Money’s death,” I said, feeling my mouth turn down in a scowl.  I couldn’t conceal my distaste for Mr. Sparrow.  It would have been pointless to try to charm him anyway.  He was not a man who was easily charmed.
Mr. Sparrow sucked in a breath of air and exhaled it audibly.  He pressed his lips together and stood up, his eyes still focused on my pale, bruised face.  The metal chair creaked as it was relieved of his weight.  Mr. Sparrow was not a man accustomed to being denied his wishes.  Somewhere deep in his soul lived a powerful Cretan who had thrived on control and lived outside of time itself.  
“I think we both know that’s not true,” he said, holding my gaze.  His eyes were dark and almond shaped, with irises the color of iron.  I suddenly lost all my fear, just as I had when Real Money had beaten me the previous summer.  Real Money had told me never to trust someone with nothing to lose, and now I was that person.  I wondered whether I would be able to face Dick again, knowing that he’d murdered the boy after all.  Perhaps this had been Mr. Sparrow’s intention in telling me.  If he had wanted to drive me and Dick apart, he was already having some measure of success.  Mr. Sparrow waved at the small window in the heavy, metal door and the door opened.  He made his exit as efficiently as ever, not turning to look at me before he was out of the room.
I saw shadows passing in front of the window, as though several people were gathered just outside the door.  Immediately I felt a sense of dread, and my right hand began to shake.  The door latch clicked so loudly that it echoed across the nearly empty room, and four men in white uniforms filed in, each of them avoiding my eyes as they assembled where Mr. Sparrow’s chair still stood.  The man on the right held a small syringe filled with yellow liquid.  
I let out an involuntary yell and rushed towards the door, my bare feet slapping against the cold tiles, my breath heaving.  The men moved in slow motion, one of them grabbing my wrist just as I reached the open door.  I glimpsed a brightly lit white hall lined with metal doors.  Mr. Sparrow stood only a few feet from my face as the man in white pulled me hard towards the floor.  Just before my cheek struck the cold tile, I saw Mr. Sparrow’s almond eyes fix on me with what looked like pity.  He pursed his lips and lifted a finger in the air.  The finger tick-tocked from side to side disapprovingly.  For a moment, he looked like he was about to speak, to tell me something of great import to my circumstances.  But before I could hear the words, my face was flat against the floor.
One of the men sat on me and held my hands behind my back.  I could hear myself screaming the word, “No!” over and over again but my voice sounded far away, as though disconnected from my body.  Another man sat on my legs and pulled my scrubs and underwear down to expose my buttocks.  The other two men stood ready and watching with expressionless eyes.  This was nothing but a job to them, and as soon as they were finished with me, they would be thinking about going home to their wives and watching football on television with a cheap beer in hand.  I screamed until my voice went hoarse, and the needle stabbed my buttocks, a mysterious yellow liquid squeezing into my blood stream.  
When it was over, the man pulled my pants back to my waist and slapped my ass hard with a laugh.  “Wasn’t that fun?” he asked, clearly not expecting an answer.  The other man released my hands and stood, pausing for a moment to be assured that I was not going to try to flee again.  As he stepped away from me, I spat phlegm onto his shoe.  
“Yeah, it was fun as hell,” I said, my voice barely a whisper.  The room was beginning to turn to liquid haze.  I coughed and stared up at the men as they left the room.  The brutish one with the empty syringe flashed me an easy, confident smile before departing.  Every one of them had the same military haircut and the same square jaw.  “I can’t wait for next time,” I said, locking my eyes on his.  The man’s smile faded and he turned away, clearly ready to attend to some other business.  But for a moment he looked just a little bit nervous, and I felt I hadn’t lost so completely after all.
I knew as I lost consciousness that I was about to enter another dream of Real Money.  I could feel him watching me from afar with all his mysterious power, waiting for his chance to reign me in again.  Princess waited obsessively for Real Money to come back for her, and she did not know that he was a Cretan turned mortal.  Cretans clearly had very powerful wills that persisted even after they died to The Master World and became mortal on Earth.  Winston had wanted to punish Real Money for bringing free will to humans on Earth, and as Mr. Sparrow he continued on this mission, though in a different identity with a different set of reasons.  I wondered what Real Money’s will had been as a Cretan.  He sounded like the rebel angel who had destroyed his own world for a greater good.  Monique did not want me to betray Real Money, so perhaps the two of them had worked together somehow.  Slowly, the pieces of the puzzle were coming together.
My cheek pressed against the cold tile and my eyelids fluttered.  I could feel my eyes rolling backward, my breath easing in and out of my lungs in shallow beats.  I thought I could hear a siren in the distance, and the light of the room tinted red, then blue-green.  My body collided with the floor as though I had been floating just above the surface of the tile.  I felt my weight settle and my mind retreated into a dark corner of my subconsciousness, into the black river whose depths are only known in dreams and in death.
Real Money and I were in The Walden Motel again, room 108.  The carpet was puke yellow, and two queen beds were covered with garish peach and red floral designs.  A low-quality print of a man on horseback hung above one of the beds.  A similar print of a woman in a blue dress riding side-saddle hung over the bed nearest the door.  Real Money always kept the television on the music video station, and the smooth, sultry voice of Sade filled the room.  I sat on the bed, eating from a bag of potato chips as Real Money counted cash at the small table next to the television.  I could see myself reflected in the light of the TV so that my pale, white face looked like a hollow moon over the ocean waves in the video.  
“We’re going to need you to go out tonight, Nikita,” Real Money said, catching my eye with a hard look that straightened my spine.  “It’s time for you to start working, now.  Do you think you can handle that?”
“I don’t know,” I said, my voice high and whispery like a child’s.  I wanted to follow Real Money wherever he was taking me, but the thought of going out to work suddenly filled me with fear.  I had seen the dead eyes of so many other girls on our trips out to the red zone, girls whose will had been replaced by a single-minded desire to please their pimps.  Their eyes said that they no longer experienced real pleasure, only need.  I did not want to be hollowed out like that.
“I told you not to hesitate when I tell you to do something, Nikita.”  Real Money pronounced my name so that all the consonants were hard and loud.  His white teeth sparkled from across the room, and his amber eyes narrowed in concentration right before he turned back to the pile of cash on the table.
“I’m not going to hesitate,” I said, licking the last of the potato chip crumbs from my fingers.  I knew that it was bad manners, but Real Money wouldn’t care if I was a little bit rude, and his opinion was the only one that mattered.  I reached for the teddy bear that Real Money had bought for me on our last shopping trip.  It was a black bear with fine fur like a cat’s coat, and a little, red Santa’s hat on his head.  I had named the bear ‘Jaws’ after the classic horror movie.  My words came out robotic and cold.  I knew that this was what Real Money wanted to hear.  As long as I gave him all the right answers, things would remain peaceful.  That was the simple rule between us.
“Don’t you want to get paid?”  Real Money stood up, leaving a small pile of hundred-dollar bills scattered on the table.  All his attention suddenly focused on me, with all the intensity of a man going in for the kill.  His nostrils flared and his eyes fixed on mine, our minds locked in unholy communion.  
“There’s a problem with that… Something I haven’t told you,” I said softly.  I hugged Jaws close to my chest, tipping over the bag of potato chips and spilling a few crumbs onto the bed.  
“You’re making a mess, Nikita,” Real Money said, moving closer to me with each word.  His chest was huge under his tight tee shirt, and I could see the outline of this thick abdominal muscles through the thin white cotton.  His cherry wood skin glowed under the soft light of the cheap motel room lamps.  His complexion was moist and healthy, his pores fine and clean.  I looked again at his perfectly manicured mustache and his pink lips, afraid to look at his eyes.
“I’m still a virgin,” I said, clutching Jaws even harder, feeling my hands grow slick with sweat against his black fur.  
Real Money’s eyes crinkled as his mouth opened in a wide grin, but his irises remained cold and hard.  “Girl, that’s perfect!,” he laughed.  “You’re sitting on a million dollars!  I can’t wait to see what we can do once we get out there on the street.  We’re gonna be living like a king and a queen.”  For a moment, I saw Real Money relax again, his palms rubbing together expectantly, his eyes flickering again with human emotion.  Then the look was gone, and he was all business again.
I was wearing only a pink, lace-trimmed camisole and a pair of black, denim shorts with ragged threads hanging down my thighs.  The room was cool and air-conditioned, though a shaft of hot sunlight streamed in through the opening in the curtains and made a hot spot on the rug.  I blinked at the light and my pupils turned to pin pricks.  I shielded my face with my hand.  
“It’s not a problem?” I asked.  Later I would realize that this was the last truly naïve moment of my life.  
Real Money leaned over the bed, his palms resting just a few inches from my bare feet.  I had painted my toenails a glittery turquoise, and I could see that some of the nail polish had begun to chip at the edges.  “In a minute, it won’t be a problem anymore,” Real Money said.  “Now let’s give Jaws a break.”  Real Money took the teddy bear from my hand and tossed it onto the floor.  He unbuckled his belt and advanced on me like an ancient jaguar about to tear into the neck of its prey.
I woke up on the frigid floor of the white room, a small pool of saliva sticking to my chin.  My body burned at every nerve ending, and my muscles ached as I tried to lift my head.  My face fell flat onto the speckled black and white tile with a dull thud, and my jaw bone hit the cold surface hard enough to shake me from my stupor.  I pressed my palms to the floor and lifted myself to my knees.  The ceiling spun out of control over my head, and the fluorescent overhead lights flickered maddeningly out of synch.  I saw a set of clean, blue scrubs resting on the chair in the center of the room.  The ones I was wearing were rank and stained with sweat.  I got myself to a standing position as the whole room twisted around me, the edges of the walls and the door flowing like liquid in my peripheral vision.  
I stripped in the bathroom, placing the clean scrubs neatly on the edge of the sink.  I found a bar of soap wrapped in paper in the shower stall, just like any scented soap that might be found in a fancy hotel.  I turned the hot water on as far as it would go, and I let my flesh turn red as the shower pounded at it mercilessly.  I scrubbed myself with the soap until the bar was thin and porous like a sponge.  I found a white towel hanging next to the shower, and I stepped into the cool room to dry myself.  I felt energized and scalded down to my purest essence, my flesh raw and fiery pink.  I dressed in the clean scrubs, finding a small pair of white cotton underwear folded in with the pants.  They looked cheaply made, as though they were only intended to be worn once, then thrown away.  The fabric felt rough against my skin as I pulled them on.  
The effects of the injection seemed to be wearing off.  The room was straightening, and the flickering of the lights didn’t bother me as much.  I felt almost normal again, and I walked barefoot into the room to wait for Mr. Sparrow’s return.  If this was the worst that he could do to me, then maybe he wasn’t such a dangerous man after all.  His threats wouldn’t scare me anymore, I promised myself.  I glanced at the camera mounted in the corner of the room near the ceiling.  Its big, black eye winked at me.  I thought I could see my reflection in the lens, and I waved a hand in front of my face, trying to catch the movement in the camera eye.  
As if on cue, Mr. Sparrow opened the heavy metal door and took his place on the metal chair in the center of the room.  I noticed a small, red stain on the lapel of his perfectly tailored suit.  He must have eaten lunch as I was lying on the floor of my room in a medicated stupor.  I felt a fresh surge of revulsion for him, and I bit my lower lip to hide my scowl.  
“We gave you some medication to help you tell us what we need to know,” Mr. Sparrow said plainly.  “I’m going to start with a few test questions before we get to the real business at hand.  Are you ready, Jane?”  His hand gripped the familiar leather folder and a grey metallic clipboard with a yellow legal pad mounted on it.  A very expensive looking silver pen rested in his right hand, the black tip exposed and ready.  He was going to ask me questions and then take notes as though I were about to tell him everything.  
“Fuck you,” I said, feeling a strange calm overtake me.  There was nothing he could do to force me to answer his questions.  How stupid was he to think he had me where he wanted me?  I stared at the door for signs of life.  If more men were going to file in and inject me with drugs again, so be it.  They had already done their worst.
“Real Money told us that you made a thousand dollars off your first trick last summer.  Is that true?”  Mr. Sparrow raised an eyebrow and readied his pen.  His mouth formed a straight line across his face.  He focused his gaze deep into my eyes, and I felt a strange quivering in my spine, as though my nervous system were relaxing.  
“I took it from a postal worker,” I said robotically.  The words spilled out almost involuntarily, and as soon as I started to speak, I felt that I was powerless to stop.  “He picked me up in the red zone in a white SUV and I spent six hours at his condo drinking Budweiser beers and reading fortune cookies.  Finally, around dawn he wanted to go to bed.  We were both drunk, but he was a lot drunker than I was.  He tried to have sex with me but I cried in pain, so he stopped.  He suddenly got angry, like I was diseased or something.  He got dressed and told me to call a cab, but I wasn’t going to leave without getting paid for six hours of my time.  I knew that Real Money would be expecting six hours’ worth of cash as soon as I saw him that morning.  So, I pushed him onto the bed and told him that Real Money was going to hurt him really bad if he didn’t pay me for my time.  He asked me if Real Money was black, and that made me angrier, because on top of being a cheat, he was also a racist.  The postal worker got scared enough at the thought of an angry black pimp to drive me to the nearest ATM machine and take out a thousand dollars’ cash.  I brought it all right to Real Money as soon as I got back to the motel.”
Mr. Sparrow jotted a few notes on his notepad, then looked into my eyes again.  “And why did you cry out in pain when he tried to have sex with you?  Did you really have a disease?”
“No, I just wasn’t used to sex.  It was only my second time.”
“You were a virgin before Real Money found you,” Mr. Sparrow said, looking down at his notes.
“That’s right, and Real Money was my first that same day.  So, you try to figure out why Dick wanted him dead.  It’s pretty obvious, isn’t it?”  The words flooded out in a torrent.  I slapped my hand over my mouth to try to stop it, but my brain was putting pressure on my vocal cords to keep talking.  Something had taken me over and was overpowering any will I might have had to rebel or stay silent.  My breath grew heavy and labored as my heart began to pound in my chest.  I felt a small bead of sweat forming at my temple.
“And what was Real Money’s reaction when you brought him the thousand dollars’ cash?” Mr. Sparrow asked, looking as though he already knew the answer to his question.
“He got really excited like he’d just struck gold,” I said.  “But he chastised me for bragging too much about how I threatened the postal worker for the money.  He didn’t like it when I got cocky.”
“How did he punish you for bragging?”  Mr. Sparrow glanced again at his legal pad.  
“He squeezed my nose between his knuckles so that it hurt,” I said.  This was far more than I’d ever wanted to reveal to anyone.  I suddenly realized how Mr. Sparrow had gotten so much information out of Real Money.  He must have given Real Money the same injection of truth serum.  But somehow, Real Money had managed not to talk about Princess at all, as Mr. Sparrow hadn’t seemed to know about her until I mentioned her name.  Maybe Real Money had been tough enough to withstand the drug so that he wouldn’t give away his precious Princess.  But he’d given me away just fine.
Mr. Sparrow licked the tip of his finger and flipped the page of his legal pad.  It seemed like an odd gesture for a man so formal.  I saw his pink tongue dart from between his lips like a piece of raw meat.  “There was one other detail about the postman that angered you, wasn’t there?” Mr. Sparrow searched my eyes for a sign of recognition as he spoke.  His almond eyes softened with expectation, and for a moment they filled with what looked like pity.
“The postal worker spent the first six hours trying to convince me to be his girlfriend, move in with him and go back to college.  Now, what kind of fool would try to convince a prostitute with a heavy pimp to be his girlfriend?  As though we could just live happily ever after in his two-bedroom condo…?  Dream on… I hated him the most for thinking that he could actually have me for his own.  I belonged to no one but Real Money.  That was fact.”  I saw Mr. Sparrow write vigorously in his notebook, then closed his eyes in concentration.  He interlaced his fingers and rested his hands on his clipboard.  I waited for him to speak again, knowing well that he was in total control.  For the moment, it was pointless to fight him.
“But Real Money beat you nearly to death for trying to leave him…” Mr. Sparrow said, opening his eyes to study my reaction.
Not nearly, I thought, Real Money did beat me to death, and that’s what started the end of your world and the end of you, Winston.  Don’t forget that.  
“Loyalty was very important to him,” I said.  “Everyone knew that, especially me.  When Real Money was sent back to prison for violating parole, I was on my own again.  I started over.”
“But Real Money isn’t in prison anymore…”  Mr. Sparrow jotted a few notes and put down his silver pen.  He straightened in his chair and then leaned forward expectantly.  
“I guess I’ll see him when I see him, then.”  Even under the influence of truth serum, I didn’t have an answer to that.  Or, the answer was buried so deep in my soul that it was still a secret, even from me.  Monique wanted me to stay loyal to Real Money, but she looked like she was dying.  Maybe she no longer had the final word on such things.
Mr. Sparrow glanced at his watch.  He suddenly looked impatient.  He shuffled his papers and shifted his feet.  “Now, where is Princess?” he asked, his voice deeper and more resonant.  For a moment, he sounded just like Winston had on the night of my drug overdose, the night he had appeared on Dick’s balcony in a blood-spotted suit.  We both knew that the truth serum was about to lose its effect.
“She’s at The Rose Motel with Ruby, room five.”  I spat the words, nearly able to hold the information in, but my spine was still tingling with the serum.  
Mr. Sparrow smiled contentedly and clapped his hands.  “That was easy, wasn’t it?”
“Good luck with Princess,” I said spitefully.  “She’s not in her right mind.”
Mr. Sparrow kept smiling and closed his notepad.  He looked as though he might be about to offer me a piece of sage advice, but before he could speak, there was a hard knock on the door.  The door unlatched with a loud click that echoed across the room.  Monique stepped into the room, wearing a crisp, black business suit.  
“Sorry, I’m late,” she said officiously.  “Is Ms. Lilly ready to be escorted out?”  Monique wore a thick layer of makeup on her face, and her lashes were heavy with mascara.  Her eyes looked empty somehow, and the brilliance I had always seen in them before was gone.  I could see a dim glacier-blue shine behind the lenses of her thick, tortoiseshell glasses.
“We are just finishing, Ms. Gale,” Mr. Sparrow said warmly.  “You can come back in five minutes.”  The woman who looked just like Monique did a quick about face and stepped back through the door.  She was gone as quickly as she had entered.
Mr. Sparrow stood and smoothed his pants with his palms.  For a moment he looked uncomfortable and graceless, as though he had indigestion.  As a mortal man, Winston was a shadow of his former Cretan self, just a poor imitation in human clothing.  I wondered why I had even feared him so much.  “Let me tell you something about Harold James, a.k.a. Real Money,” he said, glancing causally at my skinny chest.  “Aside from this Princess you’ve told me about, you’re the only one of his girls who still remains alive today.  The rest have all turned up dead.  I’d advise you to stay away from him if you can.”
“Maybe I’ll just take my chances,” I spat.  
Mr. Sparrow nodded but remained silent.  Winston had been determined to punish Real Money for initiating me into free will, for beginning the process that would create a free world for all humans for as long as humanity remained.  I was sure that Mr. Sparrow was also determined to punish Real Money.  It seemed that the will persisted even when the soul changed form and identity.  If Ms. Gale was the Cretan that I had once known as Monique, then I only hoped she would still want to protect me and tell me her secrets.
Mr. Sparrow tucked his notebook under his arm and left the room without another word.  The effect of the drug had worn off, just after I’d given him the information that he desired.  If he did manage to capture and interview Princess or even Ruby, they might put up a fight, but eventually they’d reveal the location of the treasure.  And now finding the treasure was more than just a mission for Dick’s heavy boss, it was the key to Dick’s freedom and it was the only way to the Cretan king.  I knew this just as I knew that Real Money had never intended to destroy me.  There was a higher plan at work for everything, as every event and personality in the human realm had a more meaningful parallel in The Master World of the Cretans.
I stared at the door expectantly, clutching my knees, my body upright.  Ms. Gale entered within seconds, her red lips pursed together, her cold eyes hidden behind her glasses.  Her red hair was combed back from her face to reveal her perfectly white forehead and pale arched brows.  
“Time for us to go,” she said officiously, gesturing for me to approach her.  I reached for the tarot card and plucked it from the floor, pressing it against my thigh as I stood.  I had no possessions with me, so I simply approached Ms. Gale barefoot.  “We’ll provide you with some warmer clothes before you exit, but for now you must come with me,” she said.
We walked into the bright, white hall, and Ms. Gale’s heels click-clacked loudly on hard, white linoleum.   We were the only people in sight, though the hall was lined with large, metal doors, each with a square window like an eye.  
“Look at the card,” Ms. Gale whispered as soon as we neared an elevator stationed at the end of the hall.  I saw a familiar light in her eyes, just for a moment, and I lifted the card so that I could see it.
I saw that the card had completely changed.  This should not really have surprised me, but I felt my mouth drop and my eyes widen.  The figure on the card looked just like Real Money, wearing a holy garment and a tall, white hat with gold trim.  He stood between two tall pillars reaching to the clouds.  At the bottom of the card, ‘The Pope’ was written in fine script.  Ms. Gale nodded at a man in white uniform, and he stepped aside so that we could access the elevator.
“You already know what the meaning of the card is,” Ms. Gale said softly.  “You don’t need to see it written anymore, because you have access to the world of signs.  You have had this access for awhile.  Now, what does the card mean?”
“He bridges the two worlds, and this is his only salvation,” I recited, my voice trembling.  
“I can’t believe you’ve made it this far, but you have,” Ms. Gale said, guiding me into the elevator as the heavy doors slid open.  I walked onto the cold, grey floor with my bare feet, my body shivering.  
“Made it where?” I asked, afraid to hear the answer.
“You have become nearly fully aware.  You aren’t just a game anymore, you’re real, and I’m here with you.  I can hardly contain my excitement.”  Ms. Gale plucked her tortoiseshell glasses from her face, her eyes widening, her red lips upturned in a wide grin.  For a moment, she looked garishly over made-up, her black mascara in thick lumps around her bright, blue eyes, her cream foundation caked over her gaunt face.  “I’m going to tell you something that might scare you, but you must remain calm.  It’s something that you already know in the depths of your soul.”
“Just tell me,” I said, folding the card in half and pressing it against my thigh.  If this was another Cretan magic trick, I felt that I could probably survive it without losing my sanity.  I had already endured so many experiences that made no sense.  There was no more standard of normal by which to gauge anything.  Anything and everything were possible.  I understood this now, down to my marrow.
“Alright, Jane…” Ms. Gale pressed the button that said ‘L’ and we lurched downward from the fifteenth floor.  I watched the lighted numbers above the door blink a countdown in red.  “Pay attention to me, and you’ll have all the information that you need in order to survive.  It’s really me, Monique.  I was able to make the transition to mortal human and still retain my conscious memory of having been the Cretan Monique.  Isn’t that spectacular?  And we think that you are the one who did it!”
“I haven’t done anything…” I said, studying Monique’s fire engine red lips and her slick white teeth.  Her red hair looked slightly damp with hair gel, as though she had slicked it back rather than wash it.  I could see that her eyes were bright white, without the slightest trace of blood.
“Everything I’ve told you so far has been nothing more than a myth.  This has all been a game to us for the entire duration of your race on Earth.  You see, none of this is real.  It’s a simulated reality that we Cretans have been playing since the death of our planet over a hundred of our years ago.  Our consciousnesses have been connected for what now feels like an eternity.  At first, we controlled all the human characters utterly, but gradually some of you started showing signs of awareness.  You were the first one to wake up, though.  That’s why we have all been fixated on you for the past few months of your time.”  Monique studied my face for a sign of understanding.  I merely stared back.
“Free will is just a human term.   What you have acquired somewhat mysteriously is pure power.  And the truly incredible thing is that your consciousness reached through the game and began to influence us.  That’s when Winston stepped in to try to stop it, but he couldn’t!”
“I changed the tarot card, didn’t I?” I said, suddenly understanding much more than I could bear to utter aloud.
“You did!”  Monique’s eyes shone brightly with the familiar madness that I had seen during our other encounters.  “You also influenced the Cretan you know as Real Money to initiate you into free will.  You see, Jane, you have begun to run the simulation from within, and by extension, you have begun to influence the players of the game.  You have the power to destroy this whole world, or create it anew again.  We never expected anything like this to happen.  All we can do now is watch.  We Cretans have lost almost all of our control.”
The elevator slowed to a stop and the silver doors slid open to reveal a large, cement parking garage filled with cars.  Monique put a hand on my back and guided me towards a large, white Cadillac parked just a few feet from the elevator.  She opened the passenger side door and gestured for me to sit down inside the car.  As I climbed into the car, I realized that I no longer felt controlled as I had all the other times that I had encountered Monique.  
Monique stepped briskly around the front of the car and slid into the driver’s seat.  The upholstery was soft red leather.  The car smelled new, as thought it has only recently been driven off the lot.  Monique reached behind my seat with a manicured hand and retrieved a plastic bag filled with clothes.  I could see a pair of black boots sticking out at the top.  “Put these on,” she said.  Again, I realized that I was acting of my own accord.  
“If I don’t want to?” I said. 
“Then I can’t force you,” Monique answered.  “But I advise you to do it.”
I put the boots on my bare feet, and they fit perfectly.  “Am I still supposed to stay loyal to Real Money?” I asked.  I understood everything that I was being told, but the feeling of knowledge was coming from within my own soul, not from outside as it always had before.
“You made the rules of the game when you were a prostitute, loyal to a morally bankrupt, vicious pimp.  You decided all of this, whether you realize it consciously or not.  You made Real Money into a god on Earth when you started controlling the game.  Without you, he’d be just a regular person, much like I am now.  So, the answer, Jane, is ‘yes’.  You do have to stay loyal to Real Money, but only because you created that rule yourself.”
“Real Money is awake too, isn’t he?” I said, already knowing the answer.  “He’s just like you.”
“That’s what we believe, but somehow he has hidden himself from us.  You made him very powerful with your will.  You see, Jane, free will is more than just control over your own mind and body, it is control over all reality in your world.  That’s why you must be very careful who you love.”  Monique looked at me with her mascara-caked eyes.  For a moment, she looked warm and maternal, but then the madness returned to her eyes.  “You chose your pimp to be the rebel angel of our world, and now that can’t be changed.  We just have to go with it and hope for the best.  But, personally, I enjoy the chaos.  We Cretans thrive on control, but we die of boredom and passivity.”
“There is no Master World, is there?”  I asked, feeling a deep sense of dread.  Dick thought that free will would be a death sentence for all of us.  I wondered how he would feel when he found out that I had given Real Money almost complete free will.
Monique closed her eyes in contemplation before she answered.  “The Master World exists only in the collective consciousness of the Cretans, and now many of us are asleep as mortals in the game you call Earth.  As far as I am aware, this is all there is left.  But the Cretan king might be able to change all that.”
“His name is Sergei, isn’t it?  I know him.  He created the game,” I said.
“And you willed yourself to have this knowledge,” Monique said, turning to examine my bruised face.  “Now, we must try our own version of a reset and get you back to Dick’s apartment.  There are some Cretans who side with Winston, and they want Real Money destroyed.  Others, like me, want the game to just run its course as it is.”
“Who brought Princess back to life?” I asked.  
“We believe that was Real Money’s will in action,” Monique said.  “And perhaps yours as well.  After all, often what you want and what Real Money wants are one in the same.”
“How could we have so much control?  We’re just humans.”
“Not anymore,” Monique said, her lips widening in a grin.  “As soon as you began to connect to the Cretan collective, you began to have the same powers that we have, perhaps even more.  You ran your own initiation into free will.  Your lust for knowledge and power is almost as great as ours.  You are becoming like a Cretan a little bit more every passing day.  But there is one thing that you must relearn after your encounter with Real Money…”
“What?” I said, my voice suddenly hoarse again.  I touched the spot where my nose had been broken and reset, and an arc of pain shot through my skull to my brain.  I felt a wave of nausea.  
“You need to learn to crave freedom,” Monique said softly.  We were alone in the dim light of the parking lot.  As a mortal, Monique looked less glamorous, less beautiful than she had when she had appeared as an illusion.  I could see a spot of mascara clumped at the corner of her eye.  Twin gold hoop earrings dangled from her earlobes.  The piercings in her ears stretched slightly under their weight.  Every detail of Monique’s appearance in the flesh looked very humanly flawed.  She was sitting next to me, in the flesh for the first time.  I wondered again whether she was in her right mind, or simply embroiled in a version of madness too esoteric for me to comprehend.
I still held the tarot card in my hand.  I glanced at it once again.  Real Money’s mouth was curled in a slight snarl, his eyes alight with lust for violence.  I had seen this look many times.  He bridges the two worlds, and this is his only salvation, I thought a little bit ruefully.  The white papal hat stood perfectly upright on his head like a crown.  In a way, the image was ridiculous.  Real Money was the most unholy person I had ever known.  I felt a small warmth of love in my chest as I thought of him.  I couldn’t help it.  I hoped fervently that nothing Monique was saying was true, but at the same time, I had never known her to lie.
I rifled through the plastic bag that had contained the boots, and found the clothes that I had been wearing when Dick’s car had collided with the flock of seagulls and then smashed into the green sedan.  In my jacket pocket, I found the slip of paper that Ruby had handed to me at The Rose Motel.  In fine script, I could still see Martin Langley’s address.  Had this judge given Real Money to Mr. Sparrow somehow?  I wondered where Real Money was, or whether he was still in that strange building with metal doors.  
“Where’s Dick?” I asked.
“He’s waiting for you, of course,” Monique said, starting the car.  The engine roared to life, then softened to a smooth purr.  Ruby and Real Money had also loved Cadillacs.  I wondered why Monique had chosen a car often favored by pimps.  She wanted the game to continue with Real Money as a god on Earth, to let events take their course naturally.   I knew that this was insane, but I did not dare question her aloud.  Maybe there was a higher purpose to this course within the Cretan consciousness.  But of course, I had chosen Real Money among the Cretans to bring free will to Earth.  I had given him all his power.  I suddenly felt an urge to vomit.
I pushed the passenger side door open and vomited violently onto the pavement just outside the big, white car.  When I sat upright in my seat, Monique put a cloth handkerchief in my hand.  I wiped my mouth and dropped the soiled handkerchief on the floor by my boots.  “I feel sick,” I said weakly.
“That’s only natural for someone in your situation,” Monique said cheerfully.  “As soon as we get to where we’re going, you will know what to do.  That’s for real, no question.”
“That’s what Real Money always used to say,” I said, still reeling from the stench of my own vomit.
“Is that true?  Nothing surprises me anymore,” Monique said.  As she backed the big car out of the parking spot and shifted gears, she began to whistle cheerfully.  I could see a small smudge of lipstick just under her lower lip.  
“Yeah for real, no question,” I said, fastening my seatbelt.
We sped into the blinding light of day onto a busy city street.  Pedestrians dressed in thick, winter coats and scarves walked briskly on the sidewalks and a line of cars jammed the street ahead of us.   Monique pulled into the traffic expertly, still whistling a strange, foreign tune.  The sound of it was almost preternaturally sweet, and I wondered how much of Monique was still Cretan, though she appeared mortal.
The sun shone bright in a cloudless sky, reflecting on all the glass of the tall buildings kaleidoscopically.  As we passed a small park lightly dusted with snow, I saw a group of dead crows scattered on the frosty grass.  
“What about the animal suicides?  Mr. Sparrow said that they were caused by the rock.  Is that true?”  I studied Monique’s face for a sign of recognition, but her eyes focused intently on the cars ahead.  She did not appear to understand what I had said.
“Now that I’m mortal, there’s a lot I don’t know,” Monique said sternly.  “But I do know that we must continue on with the rules as you have written them.  You and Real Money, of course…”
“What about Dick?” I asked.  “He is being initiated too, isn’t he?”
Monique smiled slightly, glancing at me a bit nervously.  I wasn’t accustomed to seeing her look nervous, and I felt my right hand twitch in my lap.  “Dick is the wild card in all of this,” Monique said.  “There’s no telling what he might do with his influence.”
“You mean you don’t know?” I asked.  As a Cretan, Monique had appeared to know everything.  Had she forgotten her knowledge when she transitioned to mortal human?
“No, I have no idea,” Monique said.  Her red lips widened in a toothy smile.  Her white teeth glistened in the sun.  “Isn’t that exciting?”      

