50 Stories in 50 States: Tales inspired by a motorcycle journey across the USA
Volume III - The South
By Kevin B Parsons
Copyright 2013 Kevin B Parsons
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to others. If you would like to share this ebook, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Contents
Introduction
Alabama
Florida
Georgia
Tennessee
South Carolina
Mississippi
Louisiana
Texas
New Mexico
Arizona
Acknowledgments
About the Author

Introduction
My wife (Quilter Girl) and I embarked on a ’50 States in 50 Weeks’ motorcycle tour of America, a once-in-a-lifetime dream. We rode across the country on a Honda Gold Wing, towing a pop top tent trailer. During the more mundane sections of the trip (like Louisiana, the land of swamps, with New Orleans completely unavailable, due to spring break), we would talk on the intercoms and came up with short story ideas. Inspired, I wrote a story for every state, which morphed into this five books series, compiled by regions, with ten states in each volume. 
The stories take place in each state, some based on our experiences, some on history, and some probably from indigestion. Warning; these are not necessarily motorcycle stories, nor are they travel stories (although some are), but a look at Americana with each state a background.
We traveled one year straight through, regardless of weather. When we hit snow in Arizona, the east side of the state got a quick ride through. And good luck with Texas; we missed the entire center, west and south sections. 
 Yet excellent weather in states like Tennessee and New Mexico provided ample opportunity to explore.
Enjoy this volume of ‘50 Stories.’
~Kevin B Parsons
Brian Head, Utah

Alabama
I struggled with people flying the Confederate flag, and Alabama flew it most. We enjoyed a great evening of barbeque with friends, and when I said we’d be heading south in their fine state, they gave me the warning. And if you ever get to Tuscaloosa, be sure to find Dreamland. It’s off the beaten track. 
RICE BURNER
“And now a toast.” Meghan stood and held up her glass. “To good old friends who can pick up right where we left off. We sure do love y’all.”
“Hear-hear.” I held up mine and the four of us clicked glasses together and swigged, the cool refreshment a nice break from the heat of the day. We didn’t disturb anyone at Dreamland, as no one could hear us over the din of talk and loud country music. The decor leaned toward license plates nailed on the walls, along with signed photographs of famous people who had visited in the past. The tables—plastic with red and white checks—sat jammed close to one another, accommodating the number of faithful patrons who assembled on Friday night. Fortunately, we got there at 4:30 and got a seat. Now hopeful customers packed the foyer and doorway clear to the out-of-doors. Two waitresses and a waiter ran to tables, laden with barbecue, cole slaw, baked beans, and bread.
Randy chose the place, a locals’ dive on a dark side street with one choice of entrée: ribs. “They’re a one-trick dog, but it’s a really good trick.” Only with his accent he said dawg. Randy’s accent was true south, but Meghan’s was like honey on a warm biscuit—warm and smooth. She could talk about the stupid people she treated in the ER—her favorite subject—and I’d listen all night, just enjoying her deep southern dialect, the words a bit longer than any Yankee’s, with her voice lifting at the end of a sentence, almost making it a question. Y’all. Somehow the women’s accents came out more sophisticated, the men’s a bit more like they just came out of the woods. The ladies smoothed theirs out, like their makeup, applied even if they needed to walk to the mailbox. 
Meghan finished her ER stories. Randy started on his job, truck brokering. He sent trucks all over the south and midwest, delivering mostly car parts. 
“You know what’s stupid?” he asked, a rhetorical question. “We deliver American made parts to the Mercedes and Hyundai factories here in Alabama, but deliver Mexican components to the Detroit manufacturers. “Made in America.” He held up his fingers in quotes. “They’re only assembled in America. The Mercedes and Hyundais are more American.” 
“That may be,” I countered, “but the money goes to Korea and Germany.”
“True, but they provide more jobs than Detroit. Pretty ironic, right?” We all nodded.
Randy set his glass on the table. “Y’all leaving tomorrow? First thing?” Thang.
“I’m afraid so,” I said. “We need to get to Mobile and see the gulf.”
Denise put her hand on my bicep. “But we could maybe stop by on the way back? Pretty please?”
“If we have time.”
We hadn’t seen them for two years. We had bounced around the country as my employer, a motel chain, bought up distressed properties, refurbished them, and operated them. I negotiated the purchases, but when they wanted us to move to Bismarck, North Dakota, Denise put her foot down and I found a job back home in Seattle. Randy and I met at a conference there and began one of those friendships that blossomed like plants on steroids. We went to dinner with him and Meghan and everyone just clicked. But their Alabama roots ran deep, and they left the rainy city after knowing them only a few short months, to our dismay.
He grabbed a rib. “Have another.” 
“Oh, I’m stuffed.”
“Come on. Don’t be silly.”
“Why not?” We wouldn’t get barbecue like this again. 
The evening passed entirely too quickly. Before we knew it, Randy looked at Meghan and said, “Baby, we gotta go. The sitter’s supposed to be home at midnight.”
“Oh, I suppose you’re right,” she touched her napkin to the corners of her mouth. “We’re gonna miss y’all. Again.” 
We stood and hugged all around “We’ll miss you, too.”
Randy punched me in the arm. “Y’all ride safe, hear? Which way are you going, anyway?”
“Down Highway forty-three. The road less travelled, you know.”
He glanced left and right, lowering his voice. “Watch out along there. Seventh generation married cousins. Some o’ them people don’t believe the war’s over yet.”
I laughed. “I saw a rebel flag flying earlier today.”
~
We got a late start, dragging ourselves out of bed a bit groggy. Because we’d loaded up so many times before, we worked independently and efficiently and soon got the bike ready to roll. We sauntered to the motel’s continental breakfast, a pathetic display of cellophane-wrapped sweet rolls and cold cereal. We choked it down, checked out, and headed back to the parking lot. The Yamaha Venture fired right up… old faithful. The black paint, chrome, and leather still looked good, as I had babied it all these years. 
“I already miss those guys,” Denise said through the intercom.
“Me, too. Hopefully they’ll come up like they promised.”
“Maybe they’ll move to Seattle.”
“I doubt that,” I said as I clicked it into gear. “These southern people have pretty deep roots.”
We rode the highway, away from the trucks and six lanes, sound walls, and concrete. Blue sky, green trees, and a ribbon of black asphalt made for a perfect day of riding. A few hours later a light appeared on the gauge. “Oh-oh.” I rolled to a stop and dropped the kickstand.
“What’s the matter?”
“I dunno. Warning light.” I checked the oil… fine. Then I spotted a few drops of antifreeze on the pavement. “Oh, jeez.”
“What?”
“The shop advised me two services ago to replace the hoses. Looks like the upper coolant hose is cracked. My fault.” I wiggled it a bit and coolant leaked out like blood. I started to open the radiator cap when it poured out and I screwed it back. 
“Stupid move. Lucky I had my gloves on.”
We waited a bit for the engine to cool; then I fetched the water bottle and topped off the radiator. “We’re stopping at the next house, see if I can fix it.”
I fired up the bike and we took off, me struggling to watch the road and gauge. A few miles later I spotted a dirt drive and turned down it, where it pointed straight to an unpainted shotgun shack with a tin roof. An old white Dodge three-quarter ton pickup sat beside the house, dusty and spattered with clay mud around the fenders, lifted with huge mud tires. It sat low on one corner; looked like a broken shock. A couch squatted on the porch, sagging like a hammock. Two men stepped out, one thin with long blond hair, carrying a beer. The other was shorter and dirty, wiggling a toothpick. He took his three teeth and moved into the shade of a tree. Why would he need a toothpick with so few teeth?
“What do you want?” Watchoo wawunt. 
“My bike,” I pointed, “got a hose cracked. If you’ve got a few tools I could borrow...”
“Sure.” Shore.
“I could use a Phillips screwdriver.” It looked like I could remove the hose, cut it shorter and replace it. I could ride it to a bike shop and get it replaced properly.
The guy belched and went inside. Denise turned away and made a face like, ‘Ew.’ He returned with a couple of screwdrivers and handed them to me. The smaller one looked like it would work.
“Nice hawg ya got there,” he said.
“It’s actually a Yamaha. A 1300 Royal Star Venture.” I loosened the radiator clamp. 
“A rice burner.” He said it like it was poison or something.
I started to say, “It’s cheaper than a Harley,” and caught myself. “It’s been a pretty good bike.” God forbid I thought it was more dependable than a hog, and with my current situation I’d be arguing from a bad position.
“Don’t look like it to me.” 
“Well, it’s got a hundred fifty thousand miles.” I worked the hose free. “You got a knife I can borrow?”
He moved his shirt and lifted a huge hunting knife from his hip. “Careful. It’s real sharp.”
It felt heavy, and the edge shone like chrome. Why does a guy need a knife like this?
I sawed at the hose, the knife cutting it cleanly. 
“Y’all ain’t from these parts, are ya?”
“We’re touring, from Seattle.” Denise said. 
“Y’all Yankees then,” toothpick guy said from the shade. 
“Well, Washington State didn’t even exist until halfway through the Civil War.” I set the knife down and worked at the hose, struggling to get it on the radiator.
The guy spit at my feet and cursed. “Yankee. I suppose yer pretty proud, Union wiping out our crops, killin’ our babies, burning our cities.” He spat again. Denise hugged herself. 
“To be honest, I wasn’t there.” I screwed the clamp tight on the hose. 
“Ridin’ a rice burner Jap bike. Cain’t buy American, cain ya?”
I briefly reflected on our conversation last night and once again decided to keep it calm.
“Well, I did my homework and prefer the Yamaha.”
“Yawm ah hawa.” He said it to his buddy. “They ride a Yawm ah hawa.”
The guy leaned against the tree. Worked the toothpick. “Pretty stupid, you ask me.”
I got the hose on and screwed it tight. Stood up. Figured offering to shake his hand would be a bad move. “Well, thanks for the help. We’ll be going now.” Denise hustled over and strapped on her helmet. I could tell she couldn’t get away fast enough. 
“Oh, I don’t know. Yer girl, she’s pretty nice.” He cut her off from the bike and rubbed her cheek. The other guy approached. Time stood still. It got real quiet. 
“Listen, don’t make this hard on—”
“Hey.” The guy stuck his finger in my face. “We’ll make this as hard on you as we like.” He turned to Denise and ran his hand across her chest. “As hard on you as we like.”
I snatched up the knife and pointed it at him. “That’s enough. We’re leaving. We just wanted a little help is all.”
He stepped back, hands in the air. “We just wanted a little fun.” His buddy laughed. 
“Denise, get on the bike.”
“Denise. I’ll remember that name. You watch yerself, boy.”
I threw my leg over the bike and started it. Tossed the knife across the yard. The guy ran for the house. I spun the bike around, shooting dirt onto his buddy.
“Hey!”
As we shot down the driveway, I saw the guy in the mirror. He pointed a shotgun at us. ‘Boom!’ and buckshot hit our jackets and helmets. 
“Ow! He shot me!” she cried. “I’ve been shot.”
I throttled to the highway as best I could in the gravel as another blast rang out; fortunately, we were out of his range. We hit the highway and I twisted on the throttle.
“Stop the bike; he shot me!” she screamed.
“We can’t stop now. Need to put some distance between us.”
She showed me her hand, blood on it. “I’m bleeding. Stop-stop-stop.”
How bad was she bleeding? The trees shot past, and I glanced at the mirrors, afraid the big Dodge would follow us. 
“My neck… it hurts… I’m bleeding… we need to stop… help me… get me to a hospital.” She ran on without pausing, and went through the litany again. 
“We need to get some distance first, maybe off the highway.”
I rode hard, the speedometer hovering at a hundred. At least they couldn’t catch us with that old pickup. I realized I’d made a big mistake. “Dangit. I didn’t put any more water in it.” I kept glancing at the warning light, hoping it wouldn’t illuminate. Trees and houses flew by. I found a road to the left, braked hard and took it, getting away from the highway a few miles and out of sight. Stopped, got off, and checked her.
She hopped up and down, her hands shaking. “He shot me; I can’t believe he shot me…” 
I helped her get her helmet off and checked her neck. Wiped the blood away. Four pellets had penetrated her skin. I found a fingernail clippers and dug them out, while she grimaced with the pain, talking nonstop. She inspected her helmet and settled down, a bit. “That jerk, look at my helmet.” Buckshot had peppered the deep black gloss. “I’d like to… to… teach him a lesson.”
I found a bit more buckshot imbedded in the shoulders of her vest and jacket. Another had punched through the seat, and the fender wore battle scars.
“Well, when we bought all this protective gear, I didn’t think of shotgun pellet damage.”
“We should call the cops,” Denise said as she fingered the wounds. I swatted her hand away and daubed them. No first aid kit; brilliant. 
Pictures of Deliverance danced in my mind. I shook my head. “The sheriff is probably his cousin.” 
She sighed. “What was it Randy said? ‘You get them cousins marrying too fast and before you know it, he’s his own grandfather.’”
“That would be our inbred friend.” I searched through our bags for a water. Nothing. 
“Should we find another house?”
I checked the wounds, and the bleeding abated. “No more houses,” I said. “We’ll find a commercial establishment.”
Denise crossed her arms and shivered. “We can’t go back to the highway.”
“I don’t know what else to do. This road could take us farther into back country.”
She sobbed into her hands. “I don’t know what to do.”
“We’ll find help. There must be a Quick Care or a doctor’s office somewhere close.” We rode back toward the highway and with it in sight, the bike got hot again. I stopped to let it cool. After disembarking, she pointed. “Look. A bar. They’ll have water.”
“I can push it that far.” While I pushed the bike, she walked along, checking the wounds regularly. I set the bike on the side stand and she said, “You suppose these people are as crazy?”
“Couldn’t be.”
We entered a dark place with a blond wooden bar in the center, black tables and chairs scattered throughout. “Excuse me,” I said to the barmaid behind the bar, “where’s the nearest hospital?”
A skinny dishwater blond trotted around the bar. “Oh, my. Are you okay?”
“My wife’s been shot.” She held out the rag with blood on it.
“Here, let me see,” she said, pulling her collar down. “Oh, my. Shotgun. Let me get some bandages.” She trotted to the back room and returned with a first aid kit, a great idea. “I’m Carmen.”
“I’m Randy and this is Denise.”
She found some alcohol and dabbed at the wounds, Denise wincing. “We’ll fix you right up.” She got bandages and taped her up. She kept up conversation, getting my wife calmed down. Then she stood back and surveyed her work. “Not bad. Y’all gonna be fine.”
Denise patted her workmanship. 
“You must’ve got a shotgun toter upset.”
“Up the road a piece,” I said. I hoped ‘a piece’ would make us sound a bit more southern.
“Up north a bit? On this side? Drives a white Dodge, lifted?”
“How’d you know?” Denise stopped her rubbing.
“It’s Billy Dawson.”
“You know him?”
“He’s my cousin. He’s probably just messing with y’all. Always runnin’ his mouth. And his shotgun. He don’t mean no harm. He knows its range. Don’t shoot until its lost most of its velocity. Lot of folk around here been shot by him.”
Denise gave me a hunted look. Her breathing increased. We need to get out of here. 
Carmen looked out the window. “Nice Harley you got out there.”
“Uh… thanks.”

Florida
We spent a good deal of time in Florida, waiting for winter to pass. That place teems with retirees and beautiful people. And Florida is where Ponce de Leon searched for the fountain of youth. 
THE FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH
Julia May Gentry sat under the stage lights looking cool and relaxed, her long tanned legs crossed as she faced the camera. She tugged at her tight cream-colored skirt, entirely too short. The buttons on her red blouse struggled against the forces of her enhanced chest. Her light brown hair cascaded in soft curls over her shoulders. One might wonder if she could sell millions of tubes of her ‘Fountain of Youth’ face cream if she weren’t gorgeous. And if one were honest, the answer would be no, she couldn’t. 
The talk show host leaned toward her, as if getting into an intimate moment, seeking her deepest secrets.
“So, Julia—”
“Julia May. Please.”
“Yes. Sorry. Julia May, is it true you’ve sold over ten million jars of ‘Fountain of Youth’ face cream this past year?”
“Why, yes, I have,” she said in her cinnamon butter voice. “Ponce de Leon searched for the fountain of youth, and after all these years, it’s here.” Hee-yah. With years of practice, she’d perfected her breathy southern accent. “I discovered it when I moved to Treasure Island. And it is a treasure.” 
“And the secret recipe?”
She flicked her hair behind her shoulders and waggled her finger at him. “Oh, no no no. It wouldn’t be a secret then, would it?” The monitor cut to her commercial, where she pushed a huge steel safe door closed, rotated the large wheel, and crossed her arms over her enhanced chest. The host laughed, sounding much too ingratiating. 
“But I can assure you, because it both lubricates and exfoliates the skin, you can prevent ten years of aging.” Yee-ahs. 
“So this recipe is kept secret, just like Kentucky Fried Chicken and Coke.” 
They had scripted him to say that. Beautiful. Like KFC and Coke. Big and secret.
~
Terry Howell threw the remains of her martini at the screen, then set the glass on the coffee table. Through the liquid drooling down the screen she watched Julia May tittering and working the host. “You make me sick.” 
All her life, Terry lived in her shadow. In grade school, Julia May got the lead singing parts, even though she didn’t sing better than her—or practically anyone in the class, for that matter. But being pretty, she got the breaks. She talked in class, missed homework, showed up late; still, the teachers forgave her repeatedly as she batted her eyelashes and sucked up to them. Women or men, it didn’t matter; they fell trancelike to her wiles and cut her slack. 
Terry busted her butt—two sizes larger than Julia May’s—to achieve good grades and parts in school plays. And high school! Terry tanned and exercised all summer before the first year, knowing high school would start with a clean slate, and perhaps she could get a good head start with the new Terry. 
But by third period of her first day the reality of Julia May’s beauty and wiles smacked Terry like a locker room towel. That was how it would be for the rest of their schooling. 
No matter what she did, Julia May one-upped her. After school, Terry decided to work out, so she hit the treadmill and weights in the girls’ weight room. Julia May joined the cross country team the first year it became coed, and the boys ran slower, just to be behind her, watching those thighs and glutes. It drove the coach crazy.
After school ended, Terry thought she’d get another leg up, a new start. She moved from Tampa to Treasure Island, working as a masseuse. But no, Julia May moved there, too, and the two circles intersected once again, with her getting the hot men, the fancy cars, the expensive dates, and Terry picking up the pieces. 
When the show broke to commercial, she got some window cleaner and a towel. “What’s this?” She backed away to see clearly. No! It was Julia May again, fawning over her face cream that ‘both exfoliates and lubricates, with a citrus smell.’ The camera took a super close-up of her perfect skin as her long fingers with fire engine red nails slid a smooth layer of the white cream over her tanned skin… way up her thigh. 
“Ugh.” She clicked off the set and wiped the monitor, the counter, the coffee table, her hands working frantic circles. “Julia May, you drive me crazy.”
She tossed the towel into the dirty clothes hamper. Somehow, some way, she had to catch up—no, pass—Julia May. Placing the window cleaner under the sink, she stopped and smiled.
She would get the secret recipe. 
~
“Ow, not so hard.” Julia May said. 
“Sorry.” Terry worked more oil into her palms and swept them over her finely tanned back. 
“Did you see the show?”
“Yes, I did.”
“Wasn’t it great?”
Terry kneaded her shoulders and willed herself not to choke her. “Yes, very nice.”
“Danny says he thinks I might be able to get on Leno.” 
“Wouldn’t that be something?” Terry looked around at the tools of her trade; no battery acid. Being honest, she wouldn’t want to hurt her, but she needed… somehow… to get ahead of her. Terry worked on Julia’s arms, shoulders, and back and felt her settle into the sheets.
“So, Julia May, we go back a long ways, you know.”
“Uh huh. BFFs.”
“That’s right.” Terry grabbed the bottle of Fountain of Youth, worked it down Julia May’s arms, then stretched her fingers. “So I was thinking… you know… I just… I was wondering,” she held up the bottle, “this stuff is so wonderful, y’all know…”
“It is marvelous.”
“So… what’s in it?”
“Oh, darlin’ I’m not going to tell you that, or it wouldn’t be a secret, would it? Ow! Not so hard. We do deep tissue massages after workouts, remember?”
“Sure.”
“When you finish be sure to work in a good dose of ‘Fountain of Youth.’”
“Absolutely.”
˜
Scott Burgess crushed out his cigarette. “Why don’t you just ask her?”
Terry paced across her living room. “Of course I did that. She’s not just going to tell me.”
“What about a date rape drug?” 
She stopped. “Oh, please. And you want to date her?”
“No. No.” Although a date sure would be nice. “What I meant was, get her on the date rape drug and get her to tell us.”
“Jeez. The date rape drug puts you out so you don’t remember anything, not a truth serum. And where would we get a truth serum? Walk up to the pharmacist at CVC and say, ‘I’d like to buy some truth serum, please.’”
He lit another cigarette and blew the smoke toward the ceiling. “We’ll just have to get her here, threaten her, and get her to spill it.”
“I don’t think she’s going to roll over very easily. Threaten her with what?”
“We could threaten to kill her.”
“What? Have you lost your mind?”
“We don’t mean it; we just say it.”
Terry sat and rubbed her temples. Scott began to look like an idiot. She figured she’d see how this played out, then dump him. 
Scott stopped, the cigarette halfway to his mouth. “Let’s get her here and get her drunk.”
“I’ve seen her drunk. She gets mean. You do not want to ask Julia May about her recipe if she’s drunk. She will rip your eyes out.”
“Let’s just get her here and threaten her.”
Humor him, get this done, dump him. “I suppose we could do that.”
Scott took another drag. “I’ll follow her for a few days and find the best opportunity to take her.”
“Why don’t we invite her to dinner and do it?” This guy is not too bright.
“Because she could tell someone and we’d be the first place they’d look.” 
Terry felt a bit dumb herself. “Okay. You follow her and we’ll get her here. Then we grill her, get the recipe, and we’ll go head-to-head against her.”
“We’ll need a hot chick to do the television sales.”
Terry glared at him. 
“I mean, you could do it, right?”
I am so over this guy.
~
Julia May walked to her car in the parking area under the Publix Supermarket. As she opened the door, a man came up behind her and stuck something in her back. “Ow.”
“Get in the car and do what I say.”
“Scott?”
He kept the pressure against her back. “How’d you know it’s me?”
“First, your voice. And I can see your face in the window.”
“Oh. Well, this is a gun, so get in the car.”
She slid into the driver’s seat. Scott started to get in, but the car, a hot little BMW, had no back door. Or back seat, for that matter. “Slide over.”
“What?”
“You heard me.”
“There’s a gearshift, a console, a glove box. Should I fly over there?”
“Just do it. I’ve got a gun, you know.”
“I’ll try.” She got back out and got in with her feet on the seat, then slid over the console, her skirt riding up to her panties. Scott took a deep breath, got in the driver’s seat while she tugged the skirt to a more reasonable level. “Give me the key.”
“I will not. Scott, what are you doing?”
“Terry and I have some questions for you.”
“Why don’t you just ask me then, for heaven’s sake?”
“Just... give me the keys; we’ll drive to Terry’s house and talk.”
“Oh, very well. And put that gun down before you hurt someone.” She resumed tugging at her skirt, a futile effort.
Scott set the gun on the console, then reconsidered and laid it on the floor beneath his feet. 
Julia May took out her cell phone. “I need to call Danny.”
Scott grabbed the phone. “No calls.”
“What? But I must call him. He’s my agent. I’m supposed to meet him in an hour for lunch.”
“You’re going to miss that date.”
“It’s not a date, it’s a meeting.”
“Give me the keys.”
She crossed her arms—or tried to—over her enhanced chest. “No meeting with my agent, then no keys.”
Scott pulled a knife and held it by her face. “I will scar you.”
Julia May looked into his eyes and realized he meant it. “Oh, very well.”
~
After Scott honked the horn, Terry’s garage door lifted to reveal her pacing at the door. He rolled in and shut off the engine. “Okay, get out and no funny stuff.” 
“You have watched entirely too many movies.” She slid out and stood on high heels. “Terry, what’s the meaning of this?”
“Just get inside.”
Julia May walked ahead of both of them. “Very well, but we need to get this… whatever it is… over soon. I’ve got a meeting with my agent.” She peered at her diamond watch. “Forty minutes.”
Scott followed her into the house and gestured to the couch. “Sit there.”
Julia May spun. “And what am I here for?”
Scott picked up a roll of duct tape. “Put your hands behind your back.” 
“What? You’re going to bind me?” She pointed.
“Uh, yes.”
“Do you realize what that will do to my skin when you rip it off? I’ll have red marks on both wrists for days. Find some cloth. Silk, preferably. You can secure it adequately. That would work quite well.”
Scott looked at Terry and shrugged.
Terry sighed. “Very well,” and she left to search for the fabric.
Julia May sat on the couch and crossed her legs. “Could you possibly get me some water?”
Scott turned to go then stopped. “Uh, not ’til you’re tied up. Can’t have you running off.”
“Oh, very well. Tell Terry to hurry.”
“Sure. Sorry.”
Just then Terry reappeared with silk scarves. “Are these okay, your majesty?”
“Now we don’t have to be rude, do we? Let’s be civil, dear.”
Terry handed the scarves to Scott, who tied Julia May’s wrists together as she sat on the couch. “This simply won’t work. You need to tie my hands in front of me.”
Scott knelt in front of her to comply, but Terry grabbed his arm and pulled him to his feet. “No. We’re in charge here. The hands stay behind you.”
Julia May turned to Scott. “Hopefully, you will be reasonable. Could you get me that glass of water?”
“Certainly.” He walked to the kitchen.
“Now, Terry what’s the meaning of this?”
“We want the recipe.”
“For ‘Fountain of Youth’? Nonsense.”
“We’re going to get it out of you.”
She held herself erect. “I’ll die first.”
“We’ll see about that.”
Scott returned with the water. Terry left to get some for herself. 
He held the water for Julia May.
“Scott, I can’t hold it. You’ll have to help me.”
He brought the glass to her red lips, full and turned up at the edges like she knew an inside joke or something. Her teeth were white and perfect. He tipped the glass and she swallowed, her blue eyes fluttering. She shook her head slightly. He pulled the glass away. “Oh. That was enough. You must watch me. Once again, please.” 
He saw the pucker of her lips and her perfect skin, her long, slender neck and sea blue blouse. She smelled of mint. Again the shake of her head. He removed the cup. She peered at him with her blue eyes, a deep sapphire. “Thank you. Could you get a napkin and wipe off…?”
“Sure.” He set the glass down, found a napkin and dabbed at the corners of her mouth, then wiped perspiration off his forehead.
Terry reentered and set down her glass. “Okay. Julia May, tell us the recipe for your face cream.”
“I will never tell. I’ll go to my grave.”
“You will tell us or there will be consequences.”
“What consequences?”
Terry looked to Scott for help. He shrugged. They didn’t really think it would go this far. They assumed Julia May would divulge the information at the first sign of distress. “You just don’t want to go there,” he said. 
“You two are in serious trouble.” Julia May closed her eyes and put her head back against the couch. “What time is it?”
Scott looked at his phone. “Two-thirty.”
She groaned. “I’m late for my meeting with Danny, and even if you let me go right now, which would be a good idea, I’ll miss my hair appointment.”
“Ooh,” Terry said in her most sarcastic voice, “now the world is going to end.”
“You don’t understand, darling. I never miss a hair appointment.”
“Well, you’re missing this one.”
After four hours of afternoon television, Julia May announced that she was hungry. Terry whipped up a tuna casserole and brought it into the living room.
“I’ll take care of that.” Scott said grabbed the plate from her. He sat beside Julia May and took a tiny forkful of the pasta and held it out for her. She opened her fine red lips—although the lipstick was suffering from a long afternoon—and took in the bite. Her pink tongue slid across her upper and lower lip. Scott wiped his forehead. 
“What’s going on here?” Terry said, her hands on her hips.
“I’m just feeding her.”
“Give me that. I’ll do it. Move over.” Scott slid aside. “In fact, go do the dishes.”
He stood. “Aren’t we cranky?”
~
The television blared with the morning talk shows as the two settled in for a long day. Scott motioned for Terry to follow him into the kitchen. 
“How are we going to get the recipe from her?” 
Terry picked up a bowl and set it in the dishwasher. “I don’t know. We need to threaten her with something big.”
“She seems pretty adamant, not going to tell.”
“Something big... I have an idea.” Julia May screamed, abruptly ending the conversation.
They ran into the living room to see her pushed back into the couch, terror in her eyes. “No! No!”
“What is it?” Terry asked. 
Julia May pointed to the television. A somber looking newsman stood with a photo of her and ‘Julia May Gentry Kidnapping’ written across the screen. 
“They put up the picture of me in that hideous green dress. Unbelievable.”
“Shut up,” Terry ordered, then motioned to Scott. “Back it up.”
He punched the remote and they watched as the talking head announced the kidnapping of Julia May Gentry. 
“Cool,” Scott said.
“Kidnapping?” Terry chewed on her thumbnail. “I never thought of it as kidnapping. Doesn’t that mean twenty years in prison?”
“Please stop it,” she pleaded. “That dress makes me look fat. And the color? Hideous.”
Terry remembered her idea, and Julia May’s reaction to the green dress capped it. “Shut it off, Scott, and come in here.” She hustled into the kitchen and turned the stove on high. 
“What?” Scott said.
Terry rummaged through a drawer. “It’s her beauty. See her response to the green dress?” She picked up a barbecue fork and set it over the gas flame. Soon the tines glowed bright red. “Follow me and hold her down.” 
They entered the living room with Terry holding the fork ahead of her. “This fork is red hot, and if you don’t tell us the recipe, I’m going to brand your face with it, right on your cheek.”
“What?” She thrashed her head back and forth. “No, please, don’t—I beg you. I’ll tell… I’ll do anything. Please.”
Terry set the fork on a glass tray on the coffee table. “Okay, spill it.”
“First you have to listen to me.” 
Terry picked up the fork. “No.”
“Yes, yes. Please. Just put it down. A few minutes. That’s all I need.”
“Very well.” 
“Sit.”
They sat on either side of her. 
“You don’t know how hard it is to be me,” she sniffed.
“Oh, give me a break.” Terry rolled her eyes. 
“It’s true. I have to be perfect. When you’re at the beach playing Frisbee, I’m working out. I eat like an Ethiopian refugee. If I get a pimple, it’s a major catastrophe. But you, it’s not a big deal.”
Terry stood and grabbed the fork. “That’s it! I’m going to reheat this.”
Scott held her wrist. “Please, sweetie, put it down. I think she’s being honest.”
“Honest? She just said if I look like a whale, or have a crop of zits it’s no big deal.”
“No, sit, both of you,” Julia May entreated. “It’s a hard life. I chase this thing all the time. Every moment I must look perfect. One mistake and I’m the Worst Dressed in People magazine, or if they could get a shot of my thighs, every tabloid would plaster it on their covers. I feel like I’m stuck in this chase… for more fans, more interviews, more publicity.”
“More money,” Scott said.
“No.” Tears tracked down her cheeks. “I am so leveraged. Every time the product takes a sales jump, we have to hire more people, get bigger management, spend huge money on marketing programs. Everything is smoke and mirrors. I owe so much money, sometimes I throw up, I’m so afraid. And this latest… the talk shows? If we don’t get this product selling on a national scale, and big—really big—I am done and broke.”
Scott got a tissue and moved to wipe her tears.
Terry swatted his hand away. “I don’t believe you.”
“It’s true. I don’t even like my car, but my agent said I needed to drive it. I had a panic attack when I signed the contract.”
“Enough,” Terry said. “Okay, maybe I’ll believe you. So I’ll think about you when we’re playing Frisbee on the beach. But I want that recipe.”
“So you want all this? The frightening contracts, the constant exercise, checking my hair every five seconds to make sure it’s in place? Fine, then. I’ll tell you the recipe. And do with it what you will. You can take it to the press and crush me, or make an imitation and go up against me, I don’t care. But be careful what you ask for. You want the secret recipe?”
Terry and Scott looked to each other for confirmation. “Yes.”
“It’s quite simple.”
“Should I write it down?”
“Darling, if you can’t remember it, you’re doomed. I take a barrel of plain old cold cream. It doesn’t have to be a barrel, but half cold cream and half GoJo.”
“What is GoJo?” Terry asked. 
Scott said, “GoJo? Seriously?”
“Yes. That’s it.”
“What is GoJo?” Terry stood.
“Tell her,” Julia May nodded to Scott.
“It’s mechanic’s hand cleaner. Abrasive, with an orange scent.”
“What?” Terry shouted. “You must be kidding.”
“No, I’m afraid that’s all it is. The cold cream lubricates and the mechanic’s degreaser acts as an exfoliator.”
“And it’s orange flavored, so that’s where you get the citrus smell,” Scott said, slapping his knee. “Ingenious.”
“And now,” Julia May looked to each of them, “you know my secret. So you may untie me. And because they say to keep your friends close and your enemies closer, I am willing to hire you both to work for me.”
Terry crossed her arms. “And why would you do that, after what we’ve done to you?”
“I think we would both be better off that way. If you make and market a clone, we both suffer. If you try to bring me down, you don’t really gain anything. If we could work together, we could all win.”
“Freeze! Police! Put your hands up!” The men crashed through the door and living room windows simultaneously, guns pointed.
~
Julia May Gentry dabbed at the corners of her eyes under the bright television lights. Her full lower lip, slick with red lipstick, puckered. The cameraman zoomed in to catch her emotion.
“I know this is hard for you.” The host reached across his desk and patted her hand.
“It was terrifying. Thank the Lord it’s over.” Lawd.
“And now, a year later?”
“Yes, but I don’t feel safe, you know?”
“I suppose that will take time. And I’ve seen your bodyguards. That should help you feel safe.” The crowd laughed. “But sales of your ‘Fountain of Youth’ have tripled in the country, and I understand it’s gone worldwide.”
“Well, not the whole world. We aren’t selling any in Turkey.” More laughter. 
Terry sat in the television room in her orange jumpsuit. “If I had a martini, I’d throw it at the set,” she muttered. 
“What’s that?” the inmate next to her asked. 
“Oh, that’s Julia May. My boyfriend and I kidnapped her. We got her secret recipe for the ‘Fountain of Youth.’”
“Sure you did, darlin’.”
Georgia
Apparently Savannah specializes in haunted buildings. We took a tram tour of the city (highly recommended!) and were informed of night tours of haunted buildings. We passed, but that didn’t stop me from writing a story about it!
I took the scene where the plant bloomed and moved from a haunted house I visited in Goldfield, Nevada. I can’t explain it away. 
RECEIVING GUESTS
“Welcome to the Wentworth Buckley Mansion.”
Sue Ann held a candle and swung open the door. It creaked on its hinges. She stepped back to avoid the door hitting her hoop skirt and counted the visitors. Twenty-five; a good crowd. As people wandered in and gawked at the foyer area, she handed them candles lit from her own. The glow illuminated their faces, making their eyes dark. Shadows danced on the faded pink striped walls. After they crowded in, Sue Ann shut the door behind them.
She dressed in period costume, a white blouse beneath a green velvet dress with gold brocading. Her red hair hung down both shoulders. The bonnet worked well for framing her face in a macabre fashion, or if she moved the candle, casting dark shadows across her face. Sue Ann lifted her dress as she walked to the center of the room, then dropped it. She held out her hands covered in white brocaded gloves with no fingers, one hand holding the candle. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, I present you the most haunted house in Savannah, Georgia.” Her southern drawl was smooth and sweet, like butter melting on a hot corn muffin. Her carriage bore beauty and grace. “Before we tour the house, I need to give y’all a few rules. Please stay together. Keep your candles in front of you and since I don’t see any children, we don’t need to talk about holding their hands, but some of you may want to anyway.” A few people gave nervous laughs. 
“In the South we talk a little differently. Like for instance, most folks say, ‘Once upon a time.’ But we say, ‘Y’all not gonna believe what happened.’” They laughed, but some looked left and right, as if for validation. Is this a hoax or not?
“The mansion has a long history. Mr. Henry Wentworth, a wealthy banker, built it from 1810 to 1812. When the economy collapsed in the Panic of 1819, Mr. Wentworth’s bank failed and poverty soon enveloped him. He hung himself in the basement. We’ll see the very spot where it happened. Sometimes people have heard him sigh and once in a while people have heard coins rattling or sounding like they are falling on a floor.
“But I’m getting ahead of myself, now, aren’t I? On the right is a painting of Mrs. Wentworth, done by the same painter who did James Madison. They say she didn’t trust her husband, and was heard to often say, ‘I’m watching you.’ If you’ll notice, her eyes will follow you as you walk past.
“Let’s retire to the parlor, shall we?” She opened the door and held out a hand, an invitation. No one moved. Finally an older man strode into the room, winking at Sue Ann as he passed her. The others fell in behind him, most watching the painting and bumping into one another as they moved forward. Did the eyes follow them? Sue Ann followed closely behind the last person, a woman, and slammed the door. The woman shrieked. 
“Sorry. This parlor is where the Wentworths would receive guests.” She let her eyes play across the room as if looking for spirits in the corners of the ceiling. The chandelier gave off a weak light, offering little help to the candles. The tables, chairs, and furniture looked like they’d been there since the 1800s, complete with books sitting on the end tables. 
“In the winter of 1815, the temperatures reached into the upper nineties and a yellow fever epidemic swept through Savannah. The Wentworth’s son, John, was taken to this room as it was cooler than the bedrooms upstairs. With every window open, he lay on the couch as Mrs. Wentworth and a slave named Bessie kept cold compresses on him to stave the fever, but he succumbed to the fever and died on a Friday night. Every Friday night, you can hear thumping in this room and people figure it’s him, suffering from seizures.”
The room fell silent. Sue Ann didn’t say it, but everyone knew it was Friday night. The wind moaned through the open windows, the sheer curtains billowed.
“Did you hear that?” a woman asked. “Was it a thump?”
The older man shook his head and laughed. “It’s nothing. They’re just messing with us.” 
“You don’t believe then?” Sue Ann’s eyebrows rose. “Suit yourself. Please follow me to the dining room,” She walked past the crowd to the door at the other end of the room. “And please stay together.” The door creaked open at Sue Ann’s hand.
“No problem with that,” a younger man grumbled. 
They walked through the hall, dark except for the candles, and entered the dining room, the table set with period dishes and silver, covered with dust. Dead roses hung limply off the side of vases before each place setting. Two candelabras gave off pale yellow light.
“The remaining members of the Wentworth family moved out in 1820 and the Buckleys moved in, but not until Mr. James Buckley had a priest come through and perform exorcism rites. It didn’t seem to work, as they kept hearing sounds, feeling cold unexplained drafts and seeing unexplainable wonders. Mrs. Buckley seemed to experience it the most, probably just because she was in the house the most, but she decided they needed to move out. Apparently the spirits didn’t appreciate her putting the house up for sale.”
She lowered her voice and hunched as if sharing a secret. The crowd moved in to hear. “The very next day, their daughter, Beth, choked on a chicken bone and died. She slid off the chair and broke her drinking glass.” Sue Ann pointed at the far chair, on the left. “Right there. They say she comes back at dinnertime, looking for her mother. She thinks it’s her fault. Occasionally, people hear tinkling glass.”
“Have you seen anything?” a woman asked.
“I haven’t seen Beth, but that flower at her place. I’ve seen it bloom.” She nodded and paused.
“Right,” the older man scoffed. 
“Okay then, let’s go downstairs.” She crowded the people to the front door that accessed the hall. Just then she heard a crash and scream. “Excuse me,” she said and hurried back through the group into the room. A woman held her hand to her mouth. “The glass, it broke.”
Sue Ann pointed. “And look! The rose is blooming!” A rose stood up in the vase, bright red against the drab room. People gasped. 
“Beth, can you hear me? We come in peace, we offer no harm darlin’.”
Nothing. The house sat silent, save a few creaks in the floor and the sound of wind moving through the cracks. Sue Ann whispered, “We better go. We’ll head downstairs.” The crowd followed her, filing down the steep wooden stairs, the clunking of the wooden steps echoing off the walls, many steps creaking, the shadows of huge shapes moving down the walls. It emptied out into a basement, dark, cold, and damp. 
“This is where, in 1819, Henry Wentworth, broke and depressed, swung a rope over this beam and hung himself.” She pointed to the ceiling. “He claimed he was swindled and his spirit looks for crooked people to torture. So if you’ve never cheated or stolen from anyone, you’ve nothing to worry about. Otherwise, the sound of coins or sighing may be a harbinger of worse things to come.” Once again Sue Ann paused and the silence permeated the room, everyone listening for something, yet somehow hoping they didn’t. Silence. Then a clink. Or was it?
“Y’all might find this interesting.” She pointed and walked to the back of the room, the darkest section. A lily grew out of a crack in the floor in an adjacent room, the green and white a stark contrast to the drab concrete floor. Sue Ann gathered the crowd along a low concrete wall that separated them from the room. “They say Mrs. Wentworth’s spirit grew the plant to cheer up Mr. Wentworth. Mrs. Wentworth, can you hear me?” 
A younger woman gasped and pointed. “It’s moving.” The leaves curled and the lily blossoms, three of them, looked to be waving, very slightly. The older man shook his head. “Something’s going on here.” 
“Mrs. Wentworth, we’re so happy you could be with us tonight. All my friends are here, and we’re sorry about your husband’s depression.”
The flowers—did they nod? People peered and looked for wires, cables, something to justify the movement of the plant.
Next Sue Ann took them up to the bedrooms, where another man died, shot by his wife while he slept. She stood outside the bedroom. “He’s afraid of candlelight.” She blew hers out. Everyone did the same and followed her into the room. It was lit with wall sconces, but the light was so dim that people could only make out shapes. Sue Ann whispered, “He’s here tonight, I can feel him. You should, too. It’s a cold breeze. Feel it?”
A woman hugged herself. Another shivered. A blond lady shrieked and swatted at her neck. “Ahh! He touched me! He blew on my neck!”
“Shh,” Sue Ann warned. “Don’t frighten him away.”
“Frighten him? What about me?”
A man shouted. The older man swatted the back of his neck. “Jeez! What was that?”
The blond blubbered, “Okay, I’m scared.”
Sue Ann moved through the crowd and spoke in a soothing voice. “It’s going to be fine. He’s never hurt anyone.”
“Well, tonight could be the first,” the older man shot back. 
“Nonsense. Let’s just calm down—”
“I am out of this room.” The older man pushed his way through the crowd and out to the hall. Sue Ann lit her candle and encouraged the others to light theirs off of hers as they filed into the hall. The man hustled down the stairs and at the bottom, peered at the painting, then shook his head and marched out the door.
The crowd hurried to the foyer where Sue Ann settled them down. “The spirits are never violent, have never hurt anyone. It seems like they are trying to reach us, to tell us something. Tonight, all of us guests of the Wentworth Buckley Mansion will try to listen to them.”
As opposed to when they first came in, they crowded together in the center of the room, many casting glances at the painting and its eyes. “I thank you for attending tonight, and hope you’ve gotten to understand the spirit world a little better. Please exit by the front door.”
The crowd dispersed, some stopping to ask a few questions, and a handful leaving a tip and a thank you for Sue Ann. 
~
Sue Ann slid under the sheets and snuggled up to Bobby. He stirred. 
“How was work, darlin’?”
“Great. We had a good time tonight.”
He sat up and stuffed another pillow under the one. “Tell me about it.”
“Really? Aren’t you tired? It’s pretty much the same every night.”
“I’m excited about your gig. Let’s hear it.”
“Okay.” She reiterated the entire evening, complete with the doubting older man running out of the house.
Bobby slapped the covers with both hands. “Hooee, I wish I could’ve seen that.” He snuggled up to Sue Ann and twirled her hair around one finger.
She smiled at him, her green eyes aglow. “People want to believe. They go right with you. I tell them the man is afraid of candlelight, blow mine out, and they all blow out theirs, no question, no hesitating.” 
“You are one clever girl, Darlin’.”
“Me and Andy, Phil, and some great animatronics.” She stared at the ceiling and smiled. “Funny, we toned it down. We used to really blow the air. Now it’s just a breath. Let the wind blow the curtains, no help from us.” She turned to him and looked into his blue eyes. “People fill in the blanks. I learned that from Alfred Hitchcock. Remember Psycho?” He nodded and ran the back of his finger along her cheek. “The shower scene. We never see the stabbing. And sure enough it works. When that older guy lit out of the house, I said to myself, ‘Sue Ann, you got it nailed now.’”
“You are one brilliant lady. But I got a question. What happens when people find out none of it is true?”
“What, the animatronics?”
“I was thinking of the stories.”
“Nah.” She settled into the bed and smoothed the bedspread. “People like a story. Spin ’em a good yarn, scare ’em a little, and they love you. I bet most people don’t believe it’s true.”
“I doubt that. According to you, that older guy started out a doubter and then ran out of the building.”
She laughed. “The bigger they are the harder they fall, I guess.” She sat upright. “I forgot.” Reaching for her notebook she said, “I need to order more dry ice. That stuff is great. It feels clammy, we’ve got the fog down to just a hint, and the humidity of it feels really creepy.” She tapped the screen, then satisfied, set it on the nightstand and pulled the covers back to her neck. 
He shook his head. “Darlin’, you’re a genius.” After a pause he said, “Hey, I had a great idea, save us some money, maybe make the house more real or something.”
“Yes?”
“We could live in it, mostly on the east side, it doesn’t get used much anyway, then four hours a day, work it like you do. I’d quit my job and help.”
Sue Ann turned and peered at him. “You crazy?”
“No. Why?”
“I’d never live in that house. Not in a million years.”
“Really? How come?”
“It gives me the creeps.”

Tennessee
The state provided myriad opportunities. I met Dave Ramsey at his radio station, walked the streets of Nashville, and saw the honky tonks that bred rock and roll, blues, country, and rockabilly music.
We cruised through the lovely wooded back roads of Tennessee, the roads serpentining through the Great Smoky Mountains, including the famous Tail of the Dragon, a winding affair with scores of turns. Beautiful! Yet I noticed an anomaly; a wrecking yard? Or just a bunch of junk?
ANTICKES AND USED CAR PARTS
I opened the mail—‘Mark Wells, URGENT’—the usual bills, bills past due, we’re taking everything you own, everything you think you own, and your children. I decided if someone owed me money, I’d seize ‘all assets, real or imagined.’ If a guy imagined a nice Porsche Carrera, well, I’d seize that, too. 
Bankrupt and broke, I tossed most of the mail in the trash can, unopened. I recognized the collection agencies’ and lawyers’ names and what they were after. Tossed another one in and… what did it say? I picked it out of the can. Another attorney. But it said, ‘RE: James Joseph Bryson.’
That would be my uncle, Jimmy Joe. I brought it to my dumpy little studio apartment, sat on the bed, and opened it. Read it. Huh. Uncle Jimmy Joe passed away. 
Uncle Jimmy lived in Gatlinburg, Tennessee, south of Knoxville. We always considered him eccentric. My mother, bless her departed soul, wouldn’t leave me alone there, probably because she feared I’d get sick. I remembered the place littered with wrecked cars, steel, oil, scrap, and junk everywhere. 
There was going to be a reading of his will next week. I called the phone number.
“Are you Mark Wells?” the lawyer asked.
“Yes.”
“You should come,” he insisted.
Fat chance; Bowling Green Kentucky was over three hundred miles from his place. With no car and no cash, what could I do? I told him I couldn’t make it. 
“It’s important you come,” he said.
“Why?”
“Can’t say, but you better come.” 
He must have left something for me. I’d figure out a way to get there.
~
“Thanks,” the guy said and paid me in cash for the TV and bed.
“Enjoy.” 
I stood in the bedroom/living area of my weekly rental place. Not much left. I hauled the rest to the Dumpster, vacuumed, mopped, then threw the rest away. Now everything I owned—some food and a few changes of clothes—I carried in a backpack. Seventeen years of dreams, hard work, broken dreams, and wreckage. I don’t know what Jimmy Joe might give me, but it sounded like some kind of a life ring to a drowning man. I left the key on the counter, closed the door to my cheap room, and hopefully on my failure. Time for some kind of a new start—I hoped. 
I scored a ride to Knoxville on the bus with the dog on the side. It smelled bad and took ten hours, but little cash. The bus disgorged us at a depot, and I hiked to I-40, then hitched a ride to 66, caught another ride to 441 and into Gatlinburg. I arrived in town fifteen hours later to rolled-up sidewalks. I hiked to the Super 8, checked in, and took a blazing hot shower. I had gotten pretty cold waiting for rides and the walk wasn’t so warm either. 
What Uncle Jimmy Joe left for me, I had no idea. There were other cousins and I thought he had a brother and sister, but wasn’t sure if they were blood relatives or not. Hope he left something, as I was down to thirty-seven dollars. For dinner I enjoyed a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, half a box of Vanilla Wafers and a Pepsi from the machine. At least the motel sat off the highway. I left the fan on all night and got a good night’s sleep. I gorged myself on the continental breakfast, enjoying four cellophane wrapped cinnamon rolls, three hot chocolates, and a stale blueberry muffin. No idea when I’d get a decent meal. 
At nine sharp I walked through Weston Ballard the Third’s office. His receptionist escorted me to a small conference room—an extra office with an oval table, really. Would I like something to drink? Pepsi please. While she left to fetch it, I wolfed down three bread sticks from the side table. 
Weston the Third, wearing a freshly laundered dark blue suit, pressed white shirt and red tie, brought in a manila folder, shook my hand, unbuttoned his jacket and sat. He opened the file and cleared his throat.
“Anybody else coming?”
He shuffled through some papers, found the right one, and shook his head. “Did you know him?”
“Yes, I—somewhat. Not much, really. We visited him a few times when I was small.”
“He spoke highly of you. Said you were the only one who understood him. He was dying—from cancer, you know?”
I nodded in agreement, but actually I didn’t know. 
“So he drew up this will.” The guy read it aloud. Jimmy Joe gave all his assets to me, including his land, house, outbuildings, and everything on it. Additionally, he bequeathed his checking and savings accounts to me. Weston stopped and peered at me over his reading glasses. “It’s over forty thousand dollars. Plus, the man had no debts.” I felt jealous of him. “It’s a remarkable sum of money.” Right. Weston the Third would buy ten suits with it. 
“Yes.” I suppose it was, but I had run through twenty times that amount on my dating website. I put together a great business plan, found an angel investor, bought a new Shelby Cobra, hired twelve geeks and picked up a nice 4,000 square foot house. The angel turned out to be a devil and in a year we were both out of business and funds. That was the second of two debacles. God help me if I ran through this money. 
We discussed the assets; the house and buildings, the land, all paid for, the cash in a savings and checking account. Tons of inventory on the site.
“What inventory?”
I’d have to go see for myself.
“When could I get the money?” I asked, remembering the paltry amount of cash in my wallet.
“It’s a small town; everyone knows everyone at the bank. You can get it changed over within the hour. Any problem, have Ruth Ann call me.”
The Third handed me a lockbox with dozens of keys in it. Apparently for the house and a number of cars and trucks on the property. I thanked the man, tried to jam the lockbox in my backpack, gave up and bungee-corded it to the outside, and headed to the bank. Walking again. 
“Ah, you must be Mark Wells,” the banker said. Apparently the Third had announced my coming. Sure enough, Ruth Ann knew her stuff, knew about the will, and after filling out a few forms, the accounts were mine. I opened two new accounts in my name and changed over the money, then withdrew a thousand dollars. Cash, please. I left with a heavier wallet and a lighter step. 
I resisted stopping at a car lot. That’s all I needed to do, buy another car and start down the same road. So even with all that cash behind me, I walked to the late Jimmy Joe’s house. Besides, with all those keys, one must fit a decent car. 
After less than a mile I spotted the place, a wooden sign hanging crooked saying, ‘Antickes and Used Car Parts’ painted with a spray can. He probably would have written ‘Auto Parts’ but couldn’t spell it. 
Instead of going to the front door, I walked along the shoulder of the road and surveyed my new enterprise. A dozen aluminum windows stood, stacked against a telephone pole. A pickup canopy rested in peace, its door half broken off, weeds making an attempt to swallow it up. Three—no four—vehicles sat on flat tires: an old Ford sedan-looking thing; a Dodge car; a pickup that looked like a tree fell across the bed; and by the side of the house, a little cheap compact looking thing… green. Not painted green, but white with enough moss and mold on it to look green, including the windshield. 
I unlocked the pipe gate and headed to the house, a low wooden clapboard thing with peeling paint. The porch sagged under the weight of tool boxes, shelves, refrigerators, and other appliances. A couple of generators and compressors fought for space. 
“Beautiful.” 
I reached the front door, with three hasps and padlocks, and after a good five minutes, found a key ring with all three on it. I opened the door and the stench assaulted me. Had Jimmy Joe died in here? I grabbed a shirt out of my backpack and held it over my nose and mouth and slid open windows. He apparently converted the living room into an office, but jammed with clothes, newspapers, magazines, car parts, empty food bags, boxes and wrappers. This is my new life? This isn’t even a sideways move. Mark, you may take one giant step backward. Mother, may I?
The kitchen made the living area look pristine; dishes cascaded out of the sink, plastic bags laid on the floor, ripped open with garbage spilling out the holes and a table with no surface without something piled on it. A cat yowled and scared me spitless. He came around the corner, butterscotch with white paws, emaciated. His fur had patches missing, hence the yellow jaundiced dust bunnies everywhere.
“No wonder the place stinks.”
I rooted around and found some cat food in the fridge. Hopefully it wasn’t spoiled, but the cat wouldn’t care anyway. I found his dish and filled it. He ate greedily. “Easy, boy. You’ll get sick.” He finished in moments and washed it down with the water I supplied in an adjacent bowl, then wandered out the door. Poor cat. I decided to name him Phoenix. Out of the ashes. 
I stepped out to the side porch, littered with gas cans, chairs with the cushions ripped open and larger car parts than what were inside. Leaning on the railing, I made a decision. I had come here with almost nothing, and now I had this. Overwhelming. Perhaps it was a masochist thing, I don’t know. But I decided to make something of it. I would live here and make something out of this place. However, tonight I would stay in the Super 8. Maybe quite a few nights, until after a few gallons of bleach and sanitary wipes.
There seemed to be a decent pickup beside the house, an old S-10 Chevy, the dents covered with red clay, spattered up from the wheel wells. The inside reeked of cigarette smoke. I found a key, shoveled a bunch of crap out of it, got it started and headed back to town. I drove with the windows open and the heat on high. Time for a hot meal and a clean room. And a hot shower. 
~
Manuel vacuumed the floor. Unbelievable. One week and the place, while not a Better Homes and Gardens house, was livable. I hired him the first day, a skinny, short guy, offered to pay him in cash, and he worked diligently. Didn’t ask if he was legal or not; I knew he’d say what he thought I’d want to hear. The place still needed new paint, flooring, and furniture, but was livable… barely. But no more Super 8. I’d get contractors to do the heavy lifting inside. Phoenix rubbed against my shin. “Hey, buddy.” I bent to pet him and he shot away. He’d either get better and more friendly or be a hands-off cat; time would tell. 
“You want me more?” Manuel motioned to the vacuum. 
“No. Let’s go outside.” The language challenge continued to be our problem. 
I pointed to the junk on the ground. Picking up a chunk of aluminum, I threw it in the Dumpster. “Like this,” I said. 
“Si.” He nodded and got to work.
I decided to survey the property as I hadn’t been beyond the back of the barn. Supposed to be four acres and somewhat rectangular, half as wide as deep. I wandered back, making my way past broken appliances, tools and construction equipment, a tractor tipped onto its side. The trees and brush increased, but the junk just kept on, stacked under the low branches with the ‘road’ squeezed to a narrow path in spots. The ground dropped away into a creek, around ten feet wide, bisecting the chaos from the pristine… across the water lay an undisturbed landscape, unrefined beauty with tall grass and trees. The landscape swept upward into a steep hill. I figured the property must extend a couple hundred feet past the creek, the wire fence confirming my guess.
I heard a car door slam and turned to the house.
A beat-up old Ford pickup had pulled into the driveway, the plastic grille broken. I trotted up to see who it could be. A big guy stepped out, heavy brown beard going grey, long hair, a Duck Dynasty kind of guy, in cowboy boots, blue jeans, a hoodie sweat shirt, and worn-out baseball cap.
“Jimmy Joe here?”
“No, sorry. He passed.”
“Oh, man. I’m so sorry. I’m Buster Cooke.” He held out a hand and I shook it, his grip firm. 
“Mark Wells. His nephew. And heir.”
“Nice to meet you. I knew he was dying. Tough old bird. He wouldn’t talk about it, and I’m sure he didn’t do anything about it, either.”
“Right. Cancer. I understand he might have had a chance to beat it, had he tried.” We exchanged platitudes and memories of the man, then Buster got to business. 
“Jimmy Joe always found car parts for me. I know it doesn’t look like much, but Jimmy had a nose for finding stuff. I had a ’66 Plymouth Barracuda and he found the back window for it. I looked for two years. I swear he could smell car parts.”
“You need something now?”
“Yeah, I bought a Dodge Dart. A ’66. Needs a driver side front fender. Stopped in a month ago, or so, and figured by now he had found it for me.”
“I haven’t seen it, but it could be here. You want to come back with me and search?” Probably shouldn’t tell him I couldn’t tell a Dodge fender from an oven. They all smelled the same to me. I leaned on the eight foot high corrugated gate. Buster hadn’t moved.
“He’s never let me go back there. ‘Trade secrets,’” he said.”
“I probably couldn’t find it without you.”
“Okay.” He sounded doubtful, like Jimmy Joe would rise from the dead, jump out, and call him out on it. 
“Come on.”
We wandered through the junk. Buster stopped and said, “Wow.”
“What?” 
He pointed to an old car with two flat tires on the passenger side, listing like a ship run aground. “A ’69 Dodge Charger.” He walked around it like a panther stalking its prey, eyes focused. “The body is all there. Very valuable. Remember the show from the eighties, The Dukes of Hazzard?”
“Uh… yeah. Kind of. Before my time.” 
“They drove a ’69 Charger. Called it The General Lee. Wrecked so many that the model is very collectable now, so few left.” Who would have thought? A television show destroys a make and model of car and makes it collectable.
“And look at this.” He stopped beside a blue car with blackberries growing over it. The vinyl roof peeled back like old deck paint. “’68 Mercury Cougar, XR-7. I haven’t seen one in forty years.”
“What’s it worth?”
He shook his head. “You get it cleaned up, if the numbers match, tens of thousands of dollars.”
“Numbers match?”
“Yeah. If it has the original engine and transmission. Kids drove these and blew up the engines. Very few have original engines. So if someone took care of it, it’s very collectable. Even without matching numbers, it’s a rare car.” He put his hands behind his back and peered in the window. “It needs a lot of work, but could be something. No wonder Jimmy Joe never let me back here.” He surveyed the yard. “Keep this place locked up. Lot of money here, my friend.”
Hard to imagine, with plastic tarps shredded from years of sun and wind hanging listlessly from the top of the cars. I surveyed the junk; a decrepit backhoe, a snowplow that looked like it hit a bridge abutment, steel and metal pieces everywhere. The cars looked like islands in a sea of trash. And a guy who looks homeless telling me it’s valuable. 
Five minutes in the yard and he’s calling me friend. “Your fender?”
“Yeah…” He wandered around and finally shook his head. “Not here. Maybe it’ll come soon.”
“If it does, I’ll contact you. You have a number?” 
He handed me a card. I thanked him and promised to call. We walked to the front and he stopped as he watched Manuel throw some trash into the box.
“What’s he doing?”
“I’m getting rid of junk.” 
“You’re throwing money away. That steel is worth cash. And the aluminum’s worth a bunch.”
I put my hands on my hips and bent over. How I would get this managed without screwing it up? 
“You okay?”
“Yeah… just… how I’ll make this work is beyond me. My experience is web design, a far cry from this.”
Buster scraped the dirt with his boot. “Well, supposing you need help and maybe I can help you. Actually I could use the work. I buy cars and build ’em myself, but got no money to speak of. I asked Jimmy Joe numerous times to help him, but he said he didn’t want to wreck a friendship with a boss-employee thing. But since you don’t know me…”
I peered at him. Didn’t know him, that’s for sure. He looked pretty rough. Yet he talked about the cars with no hidden agenda. He seemed honest. What did I have to lose? I started flat broke, so if I ended up there, I’d try something else.
“Tell you what. I could use the help. Can you work part time? Like twenty hours a week?”
“I could do that. If it works out, and maybe you need me more, we can ride that horse when it’s fresh.”
I named an hourly rate and he countered with a dollar more. Sure, why not? His countering told me he’d be good dealing with customers who wanted to dicker. “Come on in tomorrow.”
“What’s wrong with now?”
I shook his hand. “Deal.”
“First get him,” he pointed.
“Manuel.”
“Right. Manuel. Let’s have him sort the steel, glass, aluminum and garbage. We’ll run the recycled stuff in for cash.”
I stood there with my jaw open.
“What’s wrong?”
“No, I—I think that’s great.” For the first time since getting here, it looked like Buster gave me some direction. The drowning man grabbed the life ring and took a deep breath of fresh air. 
~
For some reason, customers stopped in often to pick up old dryers, angle iron, diamond plate, aluminum, and car parts. Buster—a gift from God—directed them to the proper place and I rang them up. All sales were cash. That would change as soon as I could get a charge card terminal. We had no idea whether we were making any money or not since I hadn’t needed to buy the place, but the cash flow helped immensely. Buster organized the back, with Manuel doing most of the work. They found an old Bobcat skid steer loader with forks and together managed to get it running. The work just got easier. 
Rather than stand around and look like a boss, I decided that a website would be just the ticket to attract customers. I sat working on it when the front door opened. A big man with long blond hair walked in and slammed the door. His shirt—two sizes too small—showed off his huge pecs and biceps. I started to make a smart aleck comment when his facial expression stopped me. That and the baseball bat. Smart man, I am. He pointed the bat at me.
“Bobby wants his car back.”
“Excuse me?” Who’s Bobby? What car?
He smashed the bat on the counter. Glass shattered and crashed to the ground. 
“The car. Bobby wants the car.” He smacked the bat on his palm. 
“Listen, I’m not who you think I am, I’m—”
He swung the bat and knocked a cuckoo clock off the wall, then stomped it underfoot. “Bobby wants the car.”
“Listen, I don’t know who Bobby is, I’m not Jimmy Joe, don’t know what car it is—”
Smash! The bat slammed down on a ceramic tiger, crushing it almost to dust. He pointed the bat again. “You got one week. Get the car. In the same condition. Back for Bobby. I’ll pick it up.”
I nodded. What could I do? Every negative response brought more damage, and I knew I had a week to figure it out. The man somehow seemed satisfied, except for breathing hard, flaring his nostrils. “I’ll be back.” He walked out and slammed the door.
Peering out the door, I saw him get into a black Suburban, lifted with huge tires. 
It seemed the right thing to do, so I grabbed a broom and dustpan and started cleaning up the mess. I guess that’s how I cope. Buster walked in when I’d gotten most of the floor cleaned. 
“What happened?” 
I set the broom against the broken counter. “Someone wanted a car for Bobby.”
“Who’s Bobby?”
“Beats me, but a guy with a lot of steroids and few brain cells came in and tore up the place, claiming I had Bobby’s car.”
“That’s mad,” Buster said. “Maybe you should check the titles for all the cars and see if there’s any sellers named Bob, Bobby, Robert or Rob.”
“Good idea.”
~
Finding a title in the mess of papers, documents, and piles of junk proved to be a challenge. While I searched I organized and filed paperwork, throwing most of it away. Buster reminded me that the paper was worth money at the recyclers, too. I could probably get filthy rich just hauling everything to the recyclers. Through the exercise I found a Robert Hightower sold Jimmie a 1941 Ford pickup, and a Bob Grayson sold him a 1963 Chevrolet Corvette.
I showed them to Buster. He scratched his thick beard. “Ain’t seen either one. The pickup could be way back in the trees. I’ll get back there and look." He said car though, not truck.
“But a ’63 Corvette?” He whistled. “Nice car. Could be worth some money. But no way; I’da seen one of them.”
I googled Bob Grayson, aka Robert. He did time in West Tennessee State for aggravated assault, breaking and entering, and his latest accomplishment, Grand Theft Auto, three counts. Wow. And he was released two weeks ago. Apparently ol’ Bobby had some catching up to do with friends. But where was this invisible Corvette? Buster insisted he hadn’t seen it. We’d just have to keep our ears to the ground to hear if anyone knew anything. Perhaps a customer might know something. But I knew one thing—I would be ready for Bobby’s message boy next time. 
~
He came back a week to the day—and hour—from our last happy encounter. I saw his garish black truck enter the driveway and waited behind the counter. As he entered, bat in hand, I pulled up a sawed-off shotgun and racked a shell. The noise alone gets one’s attention. 
“Listen, we’re not going to tear the place up this time, okay?”
He dropped the bat, held his hands up halfway and nodded. 
“First, answer my questions. Who’s Bobby?” 
“Bobby Grayson.”
“What’s his car?”
“A ’63 Corvette Sting Ray. Black. Red interior.”
“Okay, my turn. I’m not Jimmy Joe. He was my uncle and he passed away. Now here’s the deal. I’m going to bring Buster up here, and he’s going to give you a tour of the place. You find a Corvette, we’ll have a talk. Got it?” 
With flames in his eyes he nodded again. While Leg Breaker waited, I called Buster who showed up a minute later. 
“Take him… what’s your name?”
“Earl.”
“Take Earl here on a tour of the place and see if you can find any ‘63 Sting Ray. Okay?”
Buster shrugged. “Sure. Waste of time.”
They left and I got back on the computer, working on a website to find customers all over the world, not just in Tennessee. However, I couldn’t concentrate. I grabbed the gun off the counter, walked through the house, and looked out the back door. No sign of them.
Then I heard the truck rumble to life. I ran to the front as it spun around, throwing rooster tails of grass and gravel as he rocketed out the driveway. Resisting the urge to shoot the truck, I ran out back to see Buster spread out on the ground, arms extended and face down. I rolled him over. Felt for a pulse. Thank God. 
“Buster. Hey, Buddy.” HIs eyes fluttered and opened, then struggled to focus.
He groaned and sat up, rubbing the back of his head. “The guy whacked me! Can’t believe I did that…let him walk behind me.” I steadied him as he struggled to his feet. “Ain’t that just great? This guy is asking for trouble.” We tottered to the house where I got some ice cubes and a washcloth to make an icepack for his head. “What’s the matter with that guy?”
“I don’t know. Where’s this invisible car, anyway?”
Buster pulled the pack away and looked for blood. None. “Car or no car, I’m gonna give it to those guys. You get a plate number?”
That would have been a good idea. I shook my head. “I suppose we should call the police.”
Buster laughed, then winced. “They’ll just take our information and we’re a statistic for their next budget. We’ll have to beat them at their own game.”
I grabbed the ringing phone. 
“Where’s my car?”
“This must be Bobby Grayson.”
“Give me back my car.”
“You’re the coward who can’t even come out and do your own business. You send a goon.”
Bobby uttered a barrage of expletives, so I put it on speaker for Buster to hear. Then I set it to record the conversation. 
“Did you listen to your goon, Earl, tell you there’s no car here?”
“I don’t care where it is, you give me back my car.”
This guy was worse than Earl. No talking to him. 
“Tell you what. I’ll give you your car back. You come here next Wednesday, you, not your goon, and I’ll have your car for you.”
“I’ll be there. And you better have it or else.”
“Or else what?” Please threaten me. 
“I’ll be there.” He hung up.
Buster rubbed his head with the ice pack. “How you going to come up with the car?”
“We’ll figure out something.”
I had no idea. Why did I tell him I’d have a car for him next week? 
~
Weston Ballard the Third crossed his leg (in the five hundred dollar pants) and set down his reading glasses. “Everything is in order.”
“What do you mean?” 
The Third riffled through the paperwork. “I think your uncle knew there could be trouble. So contrary to his normal paperwork, he crossed his t’s and dotted his i’s on this one. 
“I did a little investigating. This page,” he held up a white sheet of paper, “gave Marty Grayson, Bobbie’s brother, the power of attorney. That means he could act on his brother’s behalf on all his business while he was in prison. All.
“Then I checked with the DMV, and great news, the car wasn’t stolen. So I called Marty. Yes, he sold Bobbie’s 1963 Corvette Sting Ray to Uncle Jimmie Joe.”
“Why?”
“Didn’t ask. But he was in the right; brother can’t come after you.”
I leaned in like I was going to share a secret. The Third leaned in to hear my wisdom. “You might tell Bobbie that. I don’t think he got the memo.” 
“Well, legally anyway.”
I still couldn’t find the car. 
~
Buster got out of his pickup, once again early for work. Thank God he loved this.
“Your fender came in.”
His face broke into a smile, clear to his eyes, like a kid who found out he was getting an ice cream cone. A ten-year-old kid got out the passenger side of the truck. I forgot.
“Thanks for letting Trevor come today. Summer break and his mom’s gone to North Carolina.”
“Sure.” I shook his hand. “Just stay out of the cars. And no cutting torches or welding either.” I directed them to the fender. Buster tipped it up and rubbed his hand along it. “Beautiful. Awesome.”
Trevor seemed like a good kid; I imagined him playing baseball and fishing with his dad. He followed him around the yard, which looked a thousand times better. Cars lined up in soldier-like rows, appliances stood along the west fence, and he’d laid up the steel in racks. Now if we’d just stop bleeding money. I turned to the office and computer, while they removed car parts to sell. 
Between the cleanup and remodel costs, wages for Manuel and Buster, fuel, tools and equipment, we were burning through the cash. Sales and recycling weren’t cutting it. If I could just get the website running and sales up, we might. Might. Make it. 
No way could I borrow any money. I’d burned a lot of bridges with family, friends, and the banks. My credit rating was minus 700. The idea frightened me to my socks anyway. Selling inventory and recycling parts was a dead end, as sooner or later we’d run out. And in a few days Bobby Grayson would show up and shoot me. 
Buster burst through the door. “Come on,” he yelled and ran back out the door. 
I ran behind him and caught up as we headed to the back of the lot. “What?”
“You’re not going to believe this. Trevor found the car.”
We ran toward the creek. Where was he leading me? Buster waded right through the creek. We slashed through knee deep grass, and at a rock outcropping stood Trevor, his arms crossed like he guarded the place. 
As we arrived, he pulled back some branches. Under a rock overhang sat a low car, under a canvas tarp. Trevor pulled it off like a magician, and there sat a dusty black sporty looking something. Must be the ’63 Corvette Sting Ray. It didn’t look like much to me, the tires flat, windshield cracked, one headlight hidden, one exposed, like it was winking or something. 
Buster got down on one knee, by the driver door. “What’s your story? You’re fifty-years-old. You look pretty good for your age. But we’re going to fix you up and make you beautiful again.”
I felt like a third wheel. Shifted from foot to foot. He stood up, his eyes still on the car. Nodded. “She’s going to be okay.” 
“Amazing.” I approached and ran my hand over the fender, displacing dust. “You think it’s okay here?”
Buster tried the door. Locked. “I think so. Kept her out of the sun, the wind, rain… but how’d he get her here?” We surveyed the area; grass, creek, trees on either side. 
He snapped his fingers. “I know. Behind the barn is an aluminum plate, like a section of decking. I bet he just laid it over the creek, drove her over the grass, then pulled her in here.”
“But what about tracks?” 
“Did it in dry weather. Just knocked the grass down. One rain and its back up. Nobody would look here. Jimmy Joe knew Bobby’d be coming looking for her.”
I grabbed the tarp. “Let’s get it covered up again. He’s supposed to be back for it tomorrow.”
“Actually, I got an idea.” He told me. It sounded risky, but somehow I liked it. 
Buster spent a couple hours getting the skid steer to haul the deck to the creek while I found the key and the super starter, a battery jumping contraption. We got the car cranking and it rumbled to life, the low exhaust note reverberating off the rocks, blue smoke emitting from the pipes. Buster looked at the blue smoke, his hands on his hips. Shook his head. “Not good.”
“What?”
“Going to cost some money. Look and listen.” I’d already seen the smoke, but the engine rattled. “It’ll still pay off, trust me.” If Bobby didn’t kill us both and steal it. Buster aired the tires from a portable tank, got inside, wheeled it back and forth and soon got it over to the other side. Manuel, Trevor, and I shifted junk to make a road, and we got it to the barn unscathed. 
As soon as Buster shut it off, I called Bobby.
“We found the car.”
“Good. I’ll come pick it up.”
“No, you won’t. Your brother had the Power of Attorney and sold it in good faith. It’s mine. I checked with my lawyer.”
“Give me back my car or you’ll be sorry.” 
“No.”
He cursed and hung up. 
Now I wasn’t sure Buster’s idea was such a good one. 
~
Like Buster predicted, Bobby didn’t show up demanding his car. Figuring he’d come in the dark of night to take it, Buster offered to stay in the barn with it and I’d stay up in the office. Buster took Trevor home. 
~
At 2:12 a.m. I heard a noise. Drat! Somehow the guy got past me. I grabbed the sawed-off shotgun and ran around the house, stopping in my tracks when I heard a shot rang out. Then the Corvette rumbled to life, the headlights on one side rotated up and illuminated, and the car drove straight at me. I jumped sideways just as Bobby held his arm out the window and shot at me. I felt a stinging in my arm. The car disappeared around the corner, the taillights glowing in the dust.
I ran to the barn where Buster sat on a chair. “He got my leg.” Blood pooled around his boot. 
“He got my arm, too. I’ll call an ambulance.”
I ran back up to the house and dialed 911, then waited impatiently. “Come on, come on.” After an eternity the ambulance appeared, the red strobes flashing against the trees. “Down there, in the barn,” I pointed. The rig trundled down the drive and I trotted behind.
By the time I got there, Buster was already on the stretcher. “Well, that didn’t work,” he smiled weakly. 
“Frank’ll get him.” Our local cop.
“Check the phones. Make sure we got it on video.” We’d used our cell phones, set on adjacent shelves, to record it. 
Another paramedic peered at my arm. “You need some attention, too.”
~
The judge rapped his gavel and people stood. The bailiff handcuffed Bobby and hauled him out of the courtroom. People formed small groups and finished their business, offering congratulations and apologies.
Leaning on a cane, Buster limped over and shook my hand. “Good job, Mark.”
“All I did was tell the truth. Bobby took care of himself.”
“I’m so sorry it turned out that way. I honestly thought Bobby would just steal the car.”
“Would’ve been a lot simpler. Well, he got twenty more years for two counts of assault with a deadly weapon. On top of the grand theft.”
“Wish he’d got attempted murder, two counts.”
A man approached. “Mr. Wells?”
“Yes?”
“I’m Marty Grayson. Bobby’s brother.”
I figured he was, having seen him behind the defendant during the trial. He watched his brother disappear through the door, his hands manacled behind him. “I’m really sorry about Bobby.”
“Not your fault.”
“I just… he loved that car, but everyone had burned up any cash they had, so we had to sell it… for his defense. Last time.”
Perfect. He sells the car to Jimmie Joe, takes the cash to help reduce Bobby’s prison time so he can get out and commit more crimes.
~
We wiped the car down and it looked much better, under the lights. Manuel broke out some Armor All and sweetened up the tires. 
“Manuel,” Buster said, “Don’t bother. We need to replace the tires.” 
“They look fine to me.” I squatted and saw my reflection in the shiny chrome wheels. 
“Nope. We need to replace the wheels and tires with originals.”
“So… we strip it down, paint the frame and body—”
“No!” Buster shouted. “I mean, no. Sorry. This is a’63 Corvette Sting Ray, and the numbers match. I don’t know where old Bobby found this thing, but it’s a gold mine.”
“But look at the scratches in the paint.” 
“Doesn’t matter. We’ll polish out all we can, but the body stays on, the paint stays original. We’ll have to rebuild the engine, carefully, and the interior will need a lot of work. The trunk’s a mess, too. Radiator’s shot. Total rewiring. We’ll find a hundred other ghosts in this thing.”
Did he know what he was talking about? It seemed strange not to rebuild, paint and redo everything possible. But he hadn’t steered me wrong yet. Still, this sounded like a big deal. I tried to add up the cost in my mind. While recycling steel generated some cash, that and the sales of junk and parts didn’t stop the money bleeding. Going broke looked to be a good long year away before; now it looked like months, or perhaps weeks. Again. No leveraging this time, I’d merely go broke. “What’s it going to cost?”
Buster took off his hat and fanned his head. “All the weather stripping needs replacing… interior… rebuilding… maybe we can get by for thirty grand.”
My legs got weak. “Thirty thousand dollars?” Our total accounts held twenty-seven. 
“The more we spend, the more we’ll get come auction time; trust me.”
“Trust me, we won’t get to auction time.” I jammed my hands in my pockets and surveyed the yard. “Why don’t we rebuild the Charger? Or the Cougar?”
“You won’t get the shot in the arm you would with this car. This one will bring money—lots of it—and customers. You want those, right?”
Oh yes.
Buster ran his hand along the radical fender line, like a man caressing a woman’s thigh. He stood. “Tell you what. I believe in this car. And I believe in you. I’ll do as much of the work myself, for free. Anything out of my league, you’ll have to spend some cash. But we’ll do it right. We’ll take her to the Barrett Jackson Auction and after she’s sold and the dust settles, I’ll split the profits with you.”
I sighed like someone had lifted an elephant off my chest. “That’s very kind of you.”
“Not really. I’m going to make a killing. We are. Partner.” He held out his hand.
I shook it. “Shall we draw up a contract or something?”
“Your word’s good. I can tell.” He turned to the car. “This is going to be fun. Manuel can run for parts and such, right?”
“Sure.”
“Okay. Mark, you get back in that office. Sell steel, junk, parts, your uncle’s underwear, ashtrays, whatever. Get some money. And get that website going. And when it shows up at Barrett Jackson, people will believe in you. You’ll be a player.” 
~
Foolish me, I believed Buster when he told me it would take around a month and cost thirty thousand dollars. At the end of the month the car sat in the middle of the barn, the interior stripped out, the engine hanging on a cable, the wheels and tires gone, the axles up on blocks. I wondered if it could ever get back to any running condition. Manuel cleaned parts in a tank with a heavy brush. Buster’s feet stuck out from the underside, the sound of an air wrench emanated from under the car. 
“Buster, you got a minute?” 
He rolled out. “Sure.” Stood and wiped his hands on a rag.
I flicked at a stray bolt on the floor with my foot. “Listen, we need to talk about money.”
“What?”
“You told me thirty thousand dollars, and we’ve spent that.”
“Okay, but it’s not as bad as it sounds. The engine is done, ready to go in, and I’ve got almost all the other parts. I buy them ahead so we never have to wait on anything. So we’re close. Really close.”
I looked at the hulk. Another crazy idea on the road to broke. “How much more money and how much longer?”
“We’ll have her done in another two weeks and five thousand more, max. And I know I sound like a broken record, but it’s going to work. The frame’s all there, the rear end, we rebuilt the engine and tranny, new complete brake system, radiator…”
I tuned him out. It wouldn’t be done in two weeks, and no way would five grand do it. But what could I do? I couldn’t stop now, the car almost completely unassembled…
I’d have to keep on him, finish it, and sell it. I blurted, “If we could just break even…”
“Mark, we’ll make a killing, I tell you.” He held up a finger. “But if we only broke even, we’d become a player, get this business a jump start. Just let me finish her.”
“Okay, but don’t buy anything else without checking with me first.”
“You got it.”
~
“Mark, I’d like you to meet Annette.” Buster pulled the sheet off the car. I had to admit, it looked beautiful, deep black, the low slung look, the aggressive fenders, the fastback, the curving windows. 
“Why Annette?’
“I named her after Annette Funicello. From the Mouseketeers. She passed away this year. I thought she’d be a tribute to those days.” He massaged the fender. “Besides, they’re both brunettes.” He smiled under the heavy beard, the new daddy. “Let’s take her for a drive.”
“Great.” I crawled inside, the car inches off the ground. The glove box, silver brushed aluminum, said, ‘Sting Ray,’ to prevent me forgetting. The hood, sporting a long nose in the center, sloped down toward the ground and disappeared. The fenders swooped up so it felt like one looked between them. The famous ‘original radio,’ sat vertically above the transmission hump, connecting the floor to the dash. The steering wheel looked thin and feminine. No wonder Buster called her Annette. He fired her up and she rumbled to life. I reached behind my shoulder for my seat belt. 
“Lap belts only, friend.”
Buster snicked the gearshift like he’d done it a million times and eased out the driveway. It rode rough though the dips and depressions. “We’ll have to clean her up after every ride, with that driveway of yours.” He signaled and turned right, cruising up to speed, no more. 
“I expected a white knuckle ride.”
He smiled. “She’s not broken in. Nice and easy. Plus, if I were to wreck this car, I’d have to kill myself.”
“I’d probably take care of that for you.” 
The car stunk of burning metal and paint. I asked Buster about that.
‘It’s the exhaust and engine. Normal. We’ll need to give her a good couple of drives, then she’ll smell like new.”
We drove through the back roads of Tennessee, a couple of teenagers in the sixties. It was almost worth it to see Buster, a picture of unimpeded joy. Almost worth it. 
~
The auctioneer talked the car up, quoting Buster’s claims. It looked pathetic under the lights, every scratch and minute fiberglass crack standing out from the black paint as if the auctioneer pointed them out. Nothing like the others, their paint so thick and glossy it looked like you could fall into it, and the chrome gleaming. Buster, leaning on his cane, patted me on the shoulder. 
“Trust me.”
His standard response. Yet it seemed so backward; no paint, stock plain Jane wheels that looked terrible compared to the mags it wore before, even the original radio, a piece of junk. The engine looked a sick orange color with little chrome. Buster insisted it would pay off. At least both headlights stayed hidden.
“Well, we’re in this together.” As the cash had dwindled, Buster bought many of the parts himself. We’d split the profits, if there were any. What happened if it lost money? I’d never thought of that. Would Buster pick up half the difference? I wiped my hands on my pants. Should have written up a contract. 
The auctioneer started the bidding, beginning at fifty thousand dollars. Jimmy Joe bought it from Bobby for sixty. I looked to Buster.
“Trust me. And keep a poker face. You start getting all excited, someone will see it and stop bidding.”
The price shot up, sixty, seventy, eighty, then stalled. We’re at break even, wasting months on the car for nothing. Then ninety, a hundred thousand… one ten… one twenty… I tried not to smile. Buster jabbed my ribs with his elbow.
“Told you.”
I stuffed my hands in my pockets to keep from shouting and waving them in the air. One thirty, thirty-five, forty… it stalled again. The auctioneer talked up the car some more, resumed the bidding and it hit one fifty, fifty-five, then one sixty, one sixty-five, seventy… and he rapped his gavel, “Sold!”
I gasped. Hadn’t realized I’d been holding my breath. “Wow. A hundred seventy.” 
“No, one sixty-five. He asked one seventy and didn’t get it.” 
I slapped him on the back. “Well, that gives me a jump start on this business.” Buster wiped his eyes and I realized he was crying. “You okay?”
“Yeah, I just… I love that car. Wish I had her, glad she sold so well… so happy it turned out so good, so relieved…” 
I put my arm around his shoulder. “You did an awesome job, man.”
“Thanks.” 
“What are you doing with your money?”
He surveyed the gorgeous cars throughout the arena. “While I would love to turn around and buy one of these beauties, my wife said she would shoot me—”
“Poor choice of word. Shoot.”
“Right. If I didn’t offer to be a partner and put the money into the business.”
Buster watched the surrounding people congratulate the successful bidder, then glanced my way, a question in his eyes. I realized he’d done everything promised, all the way to getting the price on the Sting Ray. 
I pointed. “Let’s go get some hotdogs and talk.”
“Sounds good.”
We munched on the hot dogs. “What a meal to celebrate, right?” I said around a bite.
“Living large.”
I washed it down with a soda. “So, how would this partnership work?”
Buster set down his drink. “I been thinking. You own the yard, the cars, the steel, everything. So I’ll put all my cash into it. I can find the cars, score the parts, fix them up, make that part work. I’ll work at my present pay for a year. 
“You can work on marketing, especially that website. Get it sweet. You do the inside sales, too, take care of drop-ins. Any questions, send them to me. We’ll split the profits fifty-fifty. 
“Except we’ll own forty-nine and fifty-one percent.”
What? How could he have more than half?
I started to argue and he held up his hand. “No, you’re fifty-one. It’s your business, and you are the final answer.”
Anyone who got shot on the job and was willing to become a partner was all right with me. I wiped mustard off my fingers and held out my hand. He shook it with a crushing grip. 
“Buster, partner, you got yourself a deal.” I listened to the auctioneer’s singsong voice, emanating from the speakers inside the building. “Shall we go find a car to buy?”
“Here? No way. We sell here. Everything is overpriced.” He looked at me sideways. “You don’t know much of anything about this, do you?”
“No. But I’m teachable.”

South Carolina
Ten miles west of Charleston, we visited the Sussex plantation, a gorgeous landscape with peacocks, green grass, stately oak trees with Spanish moss and placid pools. The plantation had been refurbished to some of its pre-Civil War splendor. 
I’m not a south sympathizer, but the economic repercussions of the war were staggering. When troops entered a city for an upcoming battle, they destroyed it, eating and trampling all the crops, burning and destroying peoples’ homes, farms, plantations and livelihoods. 
COLLATERAL DAMAGE
June 7, 1865
Frederick looked out the side window of his carriage as they approached the Sussex Plantation—his plantation—the third generation Sussex family to own and manage the Southern beauty. The twelve thousand acre working farm harvested more rice per acre than any other in South Carolina. Sixty years of work had created the reflection pond, formal gardens, along with an abundance of rice and cotton. On any given day turkeys, sheep and peacocks wandered the massive lawns. 
Yet today the place looked like the victim of a terrible hurricane. The lawn, completely gone, looked and smelled like a pig pen instead, with mud, potholes, and furrows. A broken down wagon sat just off the center of the area. Overwhelming every sense, his nose burned to the acrid smell of charcoal—the stale burnt wood smell that Melanie’s letter had warned him about. The Spanish moss, which previously inspired a sense of grandeur and elegance, looked sad and forlorn.
~
The Federalists swarmed in, treading on our pastures with their myriad horses and wagons until the entire lawn deteriorated into a muddy mess. They stayed for weeks, using the house as a field operation center, displacing everyone to the South flanker house. When they finished destroying Charleston and moved north, they rewarded us with burning the house and the North flanker house. Now the nine of us sleep in two bedrooms. The young boys sleep outside if the weather permits. 
We pick away at the destruction, but crews are few as the Federalists ‘freed’ all our slaves and took them away to enlist them in their army to shoot and kill our children.
~
The carriage jerked and swayed through ditches and potholes toward the ruined buildings. Frederick exited and Melanie ran to him, her skirts billowing as she hiked them up to free her feet. Tears ran down her cheeks. Throwing herself against Frederick, he almost stumbled backward, but held her as she sobbed into his chest. He smoothed her hair and uttered soothing words.
“It was so terrible. Those Union men, savaging our plantation.”
Savaging. “Did they harm you, or...”
She shook her head. “No. They kept the fighting to Charleston. But they seized everything we possessed—the horses, cattle, sheep, even the crops. And the slaves. John and forty men were working in the southeast area and hid in the woods for the month. Besides that, we have almost nothing.”
He wouldn’t bring up the fact that they had given all their wealth to the war effort and were essentially broke. “And the rice?” He held his breath.
“They left it alone. We can harvest it and generate some money. But who will do it?”
He kicked at a charred chunk of wood. “Where’s John?” 
“He’s cleaning up the flanker house. Come. See.” 
Walking to the house, Frederick’s feet felt like lead. Inside the sound of hammering echoed through the room. They entered the dining room to see John tearing down a wall that had been damaged. He saw Frederick enter, stopped and removed his hat. “Mistah Sussex, sah.”
“Hello, John. I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“Wha is dat sah?”
“The war is over. You’re a free man.”
He kicked an errant piece of wood into a pile. “Well, sah, I don’ knows what ah’d do. Ah mean, ahm a rice man I is, ain’t done nothin’ else. Y’all treated me an’ Mary real well, sah. Wheah would we go an what would we do?”
Frederick rubbed his chin. “I don’t know. I could sure use the help.”
“Well, sah, I need da work. But I dunno, sah. Wheah would I stay?”
“You could stay in the quarters. The same place.”
John shifted his feet and took off his hat. “Well sah, ah don’ know ’bout dat. Don’ seem right.”
Frederick turned and faced the man. “We’re in a mess. Cleaning up from a war. And you’re free. We’re all in this together. You can stay with us.” Melanie stared at the ground. 
“Well, I sho ’preciate dat, sah, I do. We’ll work hard fo ya, sah.”
“I can’t pay you until we sell the next crop of rice.”
“Cain’t do nuttin’ else. Pay me when ya can.”
“Thank you, John.”
“Sho nuff. Know a lotta people would hep, too. Lotta people.”
Frederick dismissed him.
Melanie sidled up to him. “You’re going to have them stay with us? In the same building? You know there’s only a few rooms.”
He held her hand. “I know, my darling. But we must do what we can to salvage the plantation.”
“It’s almost summer. They can stay outside.”
“And if it rains?”
“They can… can… oh, very well. But if word gets out, what will people say?”
“Hopefully, they’ll say we exercised grace in the face of adversity.”
~
Two weeks later, Sarah Marberry Sussex rode into the yard to a picture quite similar to the descriptions in her brother-in-law Frederick’s letters. He stood amidst the rubble of the North flanker house, rooting through the bricks and charred wood, recovering dishes, tools, and metal objects that had survived the inferno.
Frederick stepped up to the carriage, wiped the soot from his hand, and gave it to her. She pulled out a hankie and covered her mouth. 
“I’m afraid you’ll get used to it soon, my dear.”
“I hope I never do, brother.” 
“What brings you here?”
She surveyed the wreckage. “Let’s go into the house. I have a gift for you and Melanie.” 
Frederick gave her his arm and she walked beside him.
“And how are you holding up, brother?”
“I shall endure. But how about you? A widow at your young age. The cruelties of war.”
She smiled, a sad smile with lines—war lines actually—at her eyes. “I, too, shall endure. And I thank you for welcoming me during this… this terrible time.”
“It is nothing. Anything for you, my dear.” He opened the door to the sitting room and motioned for her to enter and sit. The sound of hammering and sawing permeated the room and a haze of sawdust lazed in the sunlight from the window.
Sarah looked toward the sounds. “The devastation, horrible. Is there any hope?”
He sat in the opposite chair. “We are the Sussex family. We shall survive. We’ll rebuild and be stronger than ever.” He drummed his fingers on the table at his side. “Sister, I don’t know. How can we sell rice at a market rate with free men? The Federalists broke our backs, freed the slaves, then left. And what do we do now?” He squared his shoulders. “Somehow. We’ll do something.” 
She reached for her bag. “I can help. You should fetch Melanie for this.”
“Very well.” In a few minutes they returned.
Sarah stood and addressed the two of them. “Sit. Please. I have a gift for you.” She handed him a box. He opened the box and gasped. “What is this?”
“A gift.”
He pulled out a stack of bills. “How much of a gift?” 
“Ten thousand dollars.”
Melanie gave a start. “Where did you acquire that much money?”
“I cannot say. The donor asked to remain anonymous.”
“But Sister,” Frederick replaced the bills, “we must at least thank the donor. And later we absolutely must repay the debt.”
She smiled, a vain attempt to lighten her countenance. “The donor asked to remain anonymous. I will pass along your thanks. But he indicated if you insist on repaying the money, donate it for the care of widows and orphans. And after this war, Charleston has its share.”
Frederick walked to the mantle and peered at a painting of his father. “I can hear my father now, ‘The Sussex family does not accept gifts of a sympathetic motivation.’”
“Too poor to paint, too proud to whitewash.”
“Excuse me?” He turned to his sister-in-law.
“It’s a saying going around Charleston.”
Melanie moved to Frederick’s side. “It is a gift from God, husband.”
“Take it and use it. Make something beautiful with it, and just like the parable of the talents, make money with it to repay to the widows and orphans.”
Frederick nodded. “I will.”
~
The caravan rolled out from the plantation, the last creaking wheel disappeared beneath the Spanish moss. Frederick stood beside John, hands on hips, surveying the landscape. The grass extended to the road, a green carpet. The sound of hammer and saw finally stopped emanating from the flanker house. Except for the ruins of the two buildings, the plantation looked to be just about back to normal—if there would ever be a normal again. 
“The last of the first.”
“Sah?”
“That shipment. The first batch of rice, the last wagon out.”
“Oh. Yes, sah.” John smoothed the grass under his toe. “Uh, sah, do you suppose we git paid soon? Lawd knows we could use it.”
“I’ll go to town tomorrow and settle up on the rice and get you some money tomorrow.” He turned to John and admired his simplicity. Straw hat, shirt with the sleeves rolled up, sturdy shoes, and breeches. Without him and his leadership of his family and friends, the rice would only be a dream… or nightmare.
“I owe you a great debt.”
“Sah, I bleeve you owe me—”
“A great debt. Not money.”
“I don’ unnerstan’, sah.”
He put his hand on John’s shoulder, who drew back, shocked. Mr. Sussex never touched the slaves. “Thank you.”
“I guess yo welcome. I said I’s a rice man, I is.”
“You are.” He patted his shoulder. “And thank God you are.”
~
Frederick sat by the light of a candle and pored over the ledger. Melanie stopped beside him. “It’s time for bed.”
“A few more entries.” He dipped the pen and wrote, almost scribbling. The curse of a left hander.
“Darling, you’ve rebuilt so much, but now you need to build quarters for the slav—the help.”
We’ll do that soon. We’ve had much more important things to do before that.”
“It’s just that… they have stayed with us long enough. People are talking, you know.”
“Yes. And I don’t care.” He rotated his neck, working out the kinks.
“Can this work?” She rubbed his shoulder. 
“Can what work my dear?”
“Rebuilding... working with free men. Selling rice profitably.”
“Those aren’t your concerns, woman.”
She stood to her full height. “Well, they very much are. The survival of this planation means as much to me as you or anyone.”
He set down the pen. “You are correct. And to answer your question, I don’t know. While we’ve done well this year and the harvest is plentiful, we did it with pity money.”
“Pity money? It was a gift.”
He stood and faced her. “We could not have made it without that gift. But the question remains, can we sustain? And I don’t know the answer. If the price of rice doesn’t increase, I fail to see how we can manage to operate this plantation.”
“Thank God for the gift.”
“I thank Him every day. But I would like to thank the person of benevolence. Has your sister indicated who would bestow on us such generosity?”
“She will not say.” Melanie ran her hand along the desk. “I have entreated her repeatedly as you asked, but have stopped, as it has deteriorated to nagging.”
Frederick stood, walked to the mantle and turned. “I must know.”
“But why? She stands firmly, stating the donor insisted upon anonymity.”
He paced in front of the small fire and muttered as if he hadn’t heard her. “Who would be so generous?” He sighed deeply. “Abraham Lincoln. I cursed that man. He and his ilk. What he’d done to our plantation. Now he’s dead by an assassin’s bullet and I feel responsible.” He chuckled and shook his head. Looking at his wife, her shocked expression, her hand to her mouth. “Sorry. Rambling.
“See here, we must find this donor’s name. I have an idea. Let’s get your sister’s  tongue loosened up a bit.”
“What, sir?”
“Alcohol.”
Melanie shook her head. “You have lost your mind.”
~
“A toast.” Frederick held up his glass. “To Sarah, who brought the salvation of this plantation in the form of a gift.”
“Hear-hear.” Melanie held up her glass. Sarah lifted hers and spilled some of the rum on the table. A maidservant swept in and wiped it up. 
“Drink up, my dear,” he said.
She hiccupped, a squeaky one, and tittered. “I was just the delivery gril—oh,” she giggled again and shook her head four times. “I was the deliverer. That’s not right, either.”
“Well, to the delivery girl.” He nodded to the maidservant who filled Sarah’s glass again. Frederick and Melanie carefully sipped their drinks as she drained another one.
“Thish is sooo good.” She patted the glass. 
“The best rum you can buy in Charleston. From Haiti.”
She lifted her glass. “To the Haitians, then!”
“Sarah,” he said, “we have used the money to rebuild the stables, the rice fields, the mill house, church, and flanker house. We’ve used almost all of it to make this plantation a smoothly running farm and stables. Since we’ve invested the money so well, the farm may survive. And now, should we not learn the name of this benefactor, we wouldn’t be able to return the money, should he have been afraid of that. But we could certainly thank him, whoever he is. And,” he lifted his glass, “we can afford this fine rum because of the benevolence of someone and I know not who. In fact, I’d like to propose a toast to our benefactor, yes I would. But without knowing his name, I cannot.”
Sarah stood and tottered, then picked up her drink. “I can. I’ll toast to our benefac—benefactor—beneey—giver, then.” She held up her glass. “To the giver!” She finished the glass and set it on the table. The maidservant filled it once again.
Frederick peered at his wife. “Um, Sarah... that benefactor. It’s a man, correct?”
She sat, leaned to her right, and peered at the glass. “Itsh full again. Um, yesh, it’s a man.”
“And does he live in Charleston?”
“Oh, no no no no no no no.” Her eyes, glazed, closed behind heavy lids. “I said ‘no’ too much, din’t I?”
“You did,” he said. “Perhaps you could say yes. I’ll ask a question and you say ‘yes’.” 
Sarah nodded. “Yes. Oh, I already said yes.” She giggled.
He peered at Melanie. “Sarah. Do you know the name of this donor?”
“Yesh.”
“And what is his name?”
“The answer is...”
Frederick and Melanie waited.
“The answer is yes! She raised her glass. “To yes, a toast. You told me to answer yes.” The glass tottered in her hand. The maidservant rushed to her side, caught it and placed it on the table. “So tired.” Sarah laid her head on the table and promptly fell asleep.
“Well, that didn’t work,” Frederick muttered.
~
Frederick held the entry gate to the house in place as John screwed it into the brick fence. He marveled at the man’s hard, uncomplaining work. Since the war, Frederick learned what hard work felt like, first hand. “John, I am forever grateful to you and your family for your help and work.”
“Oh, sah, don’ man nuttin.’ Ah jes work hard, all ah know. Ah’m jes glad ta be workin’. So many slaves freed, ain’t got no work. Don’ know what ta do.”
“If we ever get this plantation going like it was, we’ll be providing many jobs.”
“That sho’ would be nahs, suh.”
They looked up at the clatter of horses’ hooves. Melanie’s carriage wheeled to the front and stopped. The footman opened the door and helped her out. She primped her skirt and opened an umbrella against the sun. 
“Welcome, my dear, and just in time, as we’ve repaired the gate. The gate those despicable Federalists destroyed on their adventure, destroying the South.”
“Frederick, dear, I need to tell you something about our benefactor.”
He stopped, his hand on the gate. “You know?”
“Yes. I do. There’s nothing like gossip in Charleston to find what one needs to know.”
“Tell me.”
She looked at John with a slight shake of her head.
“Oh. John, you’re dismissed.”
“Yes sah.” He gathered his tools and headed to the blacksmith shop.
“Tell me.”
“Darling, I’ve endured a difficult ride, the roads are so damaged. Let me get some of this dust off me and dressed and I’ll meet you on the verandah for tea. In an hour.”
“Very well.” He looked at the man’s retreating figure, the slight limp. “Oh, John! Come back, we can finish this.”
~
Melanie sipped her tea and glanced at Frederick. “Darling, sit back. Before I tell you I need to tell you another story. About the occupation of the Sussex Plantation.”
He drank his tea. “Very well.”
“And George Weatherton.”
~
March 14, 1864
“Ma’am,” the Union soldier tipped his hat, “we are here to occupy your buildings and grounds for our cause.”
Melanie stood, her arms across her chest. “And if we resist?”
He laughed, a superior condescending note. “Oh, you won’t resist. To resist would be like trying to hold back a hurricane.” He looked out to the entry road, where a continuous line of wagons and arms arrived. 
“And what are we to do?”
He surveyed the grounds, the house and flankers and the bright green grass that rolled down to the river. “All of you can use that house.” He pointed to the South flanker house. “We’ll need the rest of the buildings and grounds.”
“All of us? Even the slaves?” 
“Oh, no ma’am. You don’t have any slaves. Not anymore.”
~
Frederick noticed he held the glass in a vise like grip. He willed his hand to relax. “Did he hurt you? Or...?”
She shook her head. “Oh, no. He always treated me like a gentleman should. Not a southern gentleman mind you, but the best he could. For a Yankee.
“They stayed for 172 days. And you saw the destruction. Most of the damage was thousands of troops and horses. The smell was horrible. They took all our food, the rice, killed and ate all the cows and sheep, the turkeys, the pheasants. They left because there was nothing left but the rice in the fields. It did them no good, as it wasn’t ready to harvest. The last thing they did was burn the buildings.”
~
September 19, 1864
Melanie saw the glow through the curtains. “Oh, dear God, no,” she muttered as she hurried to get dressed. 
She stepped out on the front porch to see the house and North flanker house engulfed in flames, the soldiers illuminated by the inferno, their orange faces looking like demons. 
“No! No no!” she screamed as she ran to the front of the house, then fell to the ground, beating her fist in the dirt as orange bits of cinders dropped around her. A man helped her to her feet. She looked to see General George Weatherton. He knelt back down and brushed dirt off her skirt. 
“Get your Yankee hands off me,” she commanded. He removed his hat. “Sorry, ma’am.” Melanie Sussex stood with her hands at her sides, her shoulders slumped. Her chest rose and fell. The flames shot into the dark sky. 
“You didn’t need to burn the buildings.”
“It’s a hazard of war, ma’am.”
“There were over ten thousand books in those buildings,” she bristled.
“I’m very sorry, ma’am.”
“Sorry! You are sorry, sir. If ever there was a sorry man, it is you. A fine cousin you turned out to be.”
~
“Cousin?” Frederick stopped, the glass halfway to his lips.
She nodded. “What a horrible war. Cousin against cousin. I have even heard about brothers against one another.” She wiped her eyes with her hankie. 
“I saw it in his eyes. I believe he regretted his actions. Somehow, in the middle of the situation, people just… get caught up in the emotion, the hatred. I could see that he knew they’d gone too far. He tipped his hat, got on his horse and rode away, just as the sun rose. I lay in bed and cried for three days.”
“I’m so sorry, my dear. Sorry I wasn’t here.”
“They might have killed you.”
They sat in silence. The pea hens cackled near the pond.
“But, darling, why did you tell me the story of George Weatherton? What has that got to do with the name of the benefac—Oh… no.”
She nodded. “Yes. George Weatherton gave us the money. To assuage his guilt.”
Frederick rubbed his temples. “Please, dear God, no.”
“Too broke to paint, too proud to whitewash.”
“Yes. And we painted with Yankee money.”

Mississippi
Natchez is famous for its downhome charm and riverboat casinos, and they did a good business when we toured there. While wandering through town one Sunday afternoon, I was drawn to a magnificent building by the sounds of a pipe organ. 
THE BASILICA
Sunday dawned like any other, with my head in the porcelain, recycling Saturday night’s party. I stood and grabbed the tumbler from the counter, took a deep drink, and felt the liquid warm my throat. Good. Stayed down, I’d be good for the day. I looked at my image in the mirror, dark hair losing the battle to gray; a much older man looked back. Rode hard and put away wet. Dad used to say things like that. “Kenny, you need to walk the straight and narrow.” I’d spent my lifetime riding hard. Time to go. I tossed my toiletries in the bag, taking only moments, an expert.
I returned to the room, the bed a tangle of covers with a nest of brown hair near the top of the sheets. Carly? Carmen? Carla, Carissa? I tiptoed around and dressed, gathered clothes and laptop, put it all together, once again quickly and efficiently. I eased the door shut and took the elevator down to where I hoped the rental car awaited. What do you know… it sat in a spot, and after a quick look over, no damage. 
Regaining my equilibrium, I drove the car to a burger joint for breakfast. Okay… lunch. I choked down a burger, fries, and Coke and returned to downtown Natchez. I had a few hours to blow before my flight, and wouldn’t be returning to the room. The town appeared quaint and inviting, so in a completely illogical move, I parked the car and set out to walk around. The early spring air felt invigorating, clearing my brain from drink and smoke. Huge live oak trees held dozens of birds, something I hadn’t heard for decades, the sounds competing with the ringing in my ears from last night’s din. 
Work brought me here, a convention of grocery store managers. I’ve been VP of the Iowa Division for twelve years, and got things done. Iowa. The sleepy, Bible belt, God, guns, apple pie, and casseroles state. I worked hard and kept my nose to the grindstone. One wife, two dogs, and three boys, all grown. Ken Bachman, Rotarian, Catholic (twice a year, Christmas and Easter anyway), former county commissioner. Sit on the local school board. 
Presumably, I did most of my work at the conventions, but the real deals got done elsewhere, where liquor and skin greased the skids. Last night we started business in the casino on the Mississippi River, then moved to the suburbs, a strip club with loud noise and girls girls girls. I got a ‘microwave meals’ guy to sign on, and managed to hammer his prices down five percent. So much easier for him to agree to that cut with a belly full of booze and a hot chick at his elbow. 
I walked to the river, where barges, long and flat, moved up and down. The casino sat on the edge, supposedly a riverboat. It wasn’t a casino, nor a boat, but a deal-making venue for me. 
I turned away and headed uphill, dry-swallowed three aspirin and looked in store windows. It looked like a mixed bag, some stores catering to tourists, a few local places selling home furnishings and antiques, and too many vacant. 
A plaque at an intersection caught my eye. Reading it, it indicated the history of that corner, with existing buildings and pictures of now-missing buildings, many succumbing to the wrecking balls of the 50s and 60s, before historical buildings took on such significance. A few blocks later I spied a huge church with a dozen towering spires. The windows wore points at their tops, as if every part of the building pointed to God. The place screamed Catholic. I crossed the street. Yep. St. Mary Basilica, a big step up from a church, but I couldn’t remember what made it different from a cathedral… or a church, for that matter. Must be the big deal for the diocese. 
I stood at the bottom of the steps and stared at the doors inside an arch, once again pointed to God. Why did I feel compelled to enter the church I’d left so many decades ago and had never looked back? Oh sure, the two times a year, but that was just to appease my family. 
Perhaps the architecture attracted me, which if the outside gave any indication, would be spectacular. Still, I had run away, using the same mantra as friends and business associates: the nuns were cruel to us during our formative years in school, the people hypocrites, and the priests had molested all those boys, while the leadership shuffled them around with no disciplinary action whatsoever. 
Organ music emanated from behind the large wooden doors. Perhaps Sunday afternoon they had choir practice, and an outsider would be shunned. Without making any decision, I found myself walking up the stairs. I slipped behind the door into the foyer, a dark place. The doors to the sanctuary hung open and inviting. The music, a single pipe organ, beckoned.
The interior towered heavenward, an awesome sight—blue ceilings bordered with gold leaf. Statues of saints stood on platforms at the columns, four to each side. Stained glass depicted Bible stories. I walked to the front between the neat rows of wooden pews, the floor creaking underfoot. My mind filled with recollections of a Catholic kid’s youth; the scent of incense, candle wax, and the fear of those priests, always wondering how I’d failed to meet their expectations. I turned to the balcony in the rear and saw a woman—younger than I’d expected and wearing a sleeveless shirt rather than choir robes—playing the organ and caught up in the music, focused on the music sheet. You’d think the thirty-something woman would be working the kinks out of Saturday night’s festivities, not playing the organ alone in a basilica on a fine spring morning.
I sat in a pew and took in the building as memories flashed before me. A kid, wearing altar boy cassock and surplice, serving at Mass. Confession, kneeling in the dark box and confessing to the priest how he’d fallen short the previous week. 
The woman messed up a few notes and stopped. I stood and turned, head up, and clapped. She twisted her head, shocked.
“I don’t think you ever get applause,” I said. Not in a Catholic church. The music could be stunning, and even if everyone was thunderstruck at the glorious music emanating from the pipes, no one would applaud. The building, the clergy, God Himself demanded quiet reverence. 
“Of all the times to get applause, after I messed up.” She spoke with a warm Southern accent, lifting her voice at the end, like asking a question. 
“The rest was terrific. You play beautifully.”
Pause. “Thank you.”
“Are you going to play more?”
Pause. “Did you see the sign at the communion rail?”
I swung and peered at the front. Two white cards with big block letters read, ‘Silence.’ How Catholic. 
“I’d be quiet, but then you wouldn’t know how wonderful your music sounds.” No response. I figured she honored the sign she had pointed out to me. 
“Perhaps I should come up there so we could speak quietly. What do you think?”
Pause. “Um, no.”
It made sense. No one here, just her. A strange man invites himself up to the choir loft. I’d overstepped. However, I didn’t feel like an apology was in order. 
She resumed playing. 
I walked to the front left, the first Station of the Cross. Jesus is condemned to die. Pilate sat above Jesus with others in the background. I followed the Stations. Jesus comforts his mother, Jesus falls the first time, Jesus is nailed to the cross, Jesus is laid in the tomb. I wandered to the center, the cross above the altar before me. She played a song I recognized. I turned and watched her play. Alone, she played and glorified God. Didn’t need applause, didn’t need an audience, any accolades. Just her and God. I felt like an intruder, a voyeur. She finished the song.
“Do you take requests?”
Pause. “I never have. But if it’s something appropriate and something I know...”
“I don’t know the name. But it’s something like this.” I sang a line, as best as I could remember.
“Adore amuste Christe. Et benedictubus tibi… something.”
She shuffled music books and flipped pages. The notes, pure and clean, floated out of the pipes. I hadn’t heard the song in decades. I sat in the pew and let the notes sink in, soothing my soul. I closed my eyes, another Catholic thing to do. No distractions. 
 Tears erupted and streamed down my cheeks, as my failure as a man, as a creature created by God, overwhelmed me. While married for twenty-four years, I lived with a stranger. Wrong. She lived with a stranger, me keeping aloof and isolated. Not to mention the cheating. And what kind of father was I? A missing one. Between work and my selfish living, I’d raised three boys who didn’t know their father. 
Such a waste. I knelt and sobbed as the hopelessness of my careless, pathetic waste of an existence indicted me. She played another song, this one dark, with low notes booming into my chest. A parade of lies, cheating and double dealing marched past, crushing me with guilt and shame. I had hurt God and my fellow man for most of my life.
“God, please forgive me,” I pleaded. 
I heard something and opened my eyes to see a priest kneeling beside me, weeping. He hung his head over the pew, with neat black hair combed and gelled back, clear skin, a young man. The black shirt with white collar. I watched his tears track down his face and spill to the wood on the pew in front of us. He doesn’t know me; what was he doing?
He took a deep breath and opened his eyes. Turned to me. Smiled in an apologetic way. “Paul tells us in the Epistle to the Romans to weep with those who weep, and I just… do.” He put his hand over mine, warm and soft, on the back of the pew. “How can I help?”
“Father, I—” I choked on my words and wept. It felt foolish, but I just couldn’t stop. Unable to take a deep breath, I shuddered and gasped. “I am pretty screwed up. Uh, I suppose I should have used better language.”
“I understand.” He wiped his eyes, red rimmed, full of compassion, empathy. 
“It’s a long way until Saturday.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You know. I should probably go to confession. Isn’t it on Saturday?”
“We can do it anytime. Like right now.”
“Here? Now?”
“Sure. Or the confessional, if it gives you comfort.” He nodded toward the doors in the back of the building. 
I blew my nose. “That would be better, I think. Now’s probably a really good time.”
He stood and walked to the confessional and I followed in his wake. The pipe organ played ‘Amazing Grace.’ That saved a wretch like me. Was blind but now I see. Yes, I’m afraid I can see, and I don’t like what it is at all. 
I knelt in the confessional and saw the priest’s silhouette in the window. “This could take a while.”
“No hurry.”
“Bless me, father, for I have sinned. It’s been… uh… many decades since my last confession.”

Louisiana
Over four years after Hurricane Katrina, we still saw after effects of its devastation. One big indicator was empty building lots; concrete foundations the only reminder that people lived there before the devastation. We asked the locals, who told us that many residents took the insurance money and relocated, the cost of insurance too high to justify rebuilding. Quite understandable. But what would happen if someone did the counterintuitive thing? 
ONE DOLLAR
Reggie Irving wiped the perspiration off his face as the cold air conditioning hit him. He dreaded this meeting. Two weeks after Katrina and he knew Dad, his partner and Chairman of the Board, would be talking about rebuilding. But Katrina, that evil woman, flattened the Southern Seafood warehouse. The conveyors, refrigerators, forklifts, and office furniture lay under a pile of lumber, stacked like matchsticks thrown about. It was time to cut their losses and run. Take the insurance settlement, build somewhere else. Anywhere but New Orleans. Or just quit. All these years, building the business, struggling with finding customers, keeping fish fresh, and moving it before spoiling was enough. 
It seemed to always be a struggle. First getting started with almost no money, then IRS audits, health department people breathing down their necks, and employees fighting and bickering. It all seemed too much. Now the entire enterprise lay in shambles seasoned with salt water. Reggie visited the wreckage once. He couldn’t face it again. Now they were meeting in a restaurant in Baton Rouge. Nowhere closer existed, or was overflowing with insurance adjusters, demolition contractors, and utility people.
Dad sat at a booth, reading a menu. His short kinky hair succumbed from gray to white. Carter Irving remained sitting and shook his son’s hand. “Sit down.” He peered at him. “You don’t look so good.”
“Well, after a hurricane I tend to get down a bit.”
“I ordered you a beer.” He handed him his menu. “Only got one.”
Reggie sat back and wiped his brow. “Thanks. I suppose you want to talk about Katrina and our plans.”
While they had moved as much inventory out of harm’s way and no employees were injured, the New Orleans building suffered a total loss. Reggie struggled with insurance claims, their inability to ship fish to their customers, and what to do—whether to rebuild, relocate, or count their losses and move on. 
“Actually, no,” his dad said. “At least, not yet.” He set an old battered book on the table. Reggie read the title upside down. My Life by Ephraim Washington.
“Catchy title. What’s that?”
“During the cleanup, a woman found this book. Lying on a broken door, on the beach. It must have been jammed in a wall somewhere, broke out in the storm. She recovered it and sent it to the Jefferson Davis Foundation—”
“My hero.” Reggie crossed his arms.
“I understand. Bear with me. Anyway, they searched genealogical records, figured out the connection and found me. Fascinating reading.” The waitress appeared with two beers.
“Son, you want to order the grouper. Excellent fish.” He turned to the waitress. “Let’s order two. Thank you.” She smiled and left. 
“Very funny. It’s our fish. The ‘Sea Dog’ chain is our customer.”
“Bear with me. Squeeze the lemon on it, spread a fine layer of tartar sauce on it, you’re going to love it. We put that basil in it, and that breading, oh my. It is excellent.” He sat back against the booth and closed his eyes.
“And they are probably almost out of it; how will we get them any more? Yesterday I gave the inventory to the relief people, since we had no way to freeze it.”
“That was an excellent move, son.”
He looked at his phone. “Dad, I got work to do.”
“That reminds me. Shut that off.”
“Oh, come on.”
“Serious.”
He sighed and powered it down. 
Dad patted the book. “This is the story of the life and times of Julius Washington, your great great great grandfather.”
Reggie picked up the glass and took a sip of his beer. “I thought it was about Ephraim.”
“Yes. Ephraim and his son Julius. His owner and the plantation owner, the widow Augusta Barrow, taught Ephraim and his family to read and write.”
“That was illegal, wasn’t it?”
“Yes it was. But that’s not the story.”
~
“Mother.” Tucker Barrow kissed her cheek. “Your hands are so cold.”
“You smell like whiskey.”
“Sorry, Momma. I been mourning Daddy’s passing.”
“That was five years back. I highly doubt that.”
In fact, Tucker didn’t mourn his father’s death even then, but immediately set out to take control of the estate. Knowing her son and his ways, Augusta had taken her husband’s will to their solicitor. Tucker’s hands were tied. Oliver Barrow left strict instructions that Tucker was not to have any part of the estate unless he became clean and sober. He stopped by occasionally to wrest money from his mother and whenever he left, things disappeared—dinnerware, bridles, jewelry. At first Augusta suspected the help until the pattern emerged. Now he stood before his mother, hat in hand, probably looking for another handout.
“Momma, I met a man who has an idea—” Tucker stopped and spotted the black man in the doorway. “What’s the nigger doing here?”
“That’s Ephraim. You know his name. And I want him here when we speak.” She gestured. “Come in, Ephraim. Please, sit.”
Tucker scratched his head. “What? What for?”
“Things we understand together seem to get twisted. And today I want you to hear what I have to say. Ephraim’s been in the family his entire life and I trust him implicitly. Sit down.”
He sat on the couch, across the room from Ephraim. She sat and straightened her dress around her knees, then took a deep wheezing breath. 
“When I go—”
“Now, Momma, don’t talk like that.”
“I appreciate your sentiments, son, but the cold reality is the Lord’s going to take me soon and there’s some things you need to understand.”
“Momma—”
She held up her hand. “The war is over. The slaves will get their freedom. When I pass, you are to free Ephraim and his family and all the rest of the slaves as well.”
“How will the plantation survive?”
“I don’t expect it will. So rather than wait for you to run it into the ground, you are to free the slaves and sell it immediately.”
He stood and ran his hands through his hair. “This is crazy talk. Free the... sell the place... Momma, I don’t think you understand. It’s more complicated than that.”
“No, it’s that simple.”
The conversation continued, Tucker appealing to his mother to keep the plantation, which was hopeless, as he would just drink more and let the entire thing deteriorate anyway. Ephraim listened to the dialogue and shifted uncomfortably. Finally, Tucker stomped out and slammed the door. Except for the birds chirping through the open windows, silence stretched through the room. Ephraim stood, his hat in hand.
“Miz Barrow, I sho do nuff appreciate what y’all is a-wantin’ ta do, but ah don’ think it such a good idea. Freedom sound real nice, but what am ah gonna do? Ah do cotton, dat’s all ah do, all ma life. My daddy, dat’s all he do, his daddy, all he do, too.”
“Oh, you’ll be just fine. You’ll be free. It will be wonderful. You’ll have some adjusting, but you’ll get through it.”
He kneaded his hat in his hands. “Ma’am, ah don’ mean no disrespec’, but ah cain’t do nuthin’ else, and ah git free, ah got nothin’. Ma clothes, but wheah would ah go an what would ah do?”
Like a dawn breaking, Augusta saw his dilemma. What would a man do—set free—but with a wife and four children, no money, no other skills but cotton, no education? Where would he live? How could he afford a place to live? He’d have nothing but a few clothes, no furniture, no cooking utensils. Well, he could read and write, she saw to that. And with her gone, Tucker would never help them out, or perhaps worse, keep them enslaved at the plantation. Neither option sounded good to her.
“Ephraim, do you know Herman Rutherford?”
“Ah heard ya speak a him.”
“He’s our solicitor. Do you know where his office is located?”
“No ma’am.”
“Take the wagon into Baton Rouge. His is the fourth building on the left. His name is on the door. Look for his first name, Herman.” She spelled it for him and he wrote it down. “Have him come out at his earliest convenience.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
~
Herman Rutherford cleared his throat. He looked to the two men, an odd combination—Tucker, the white plantation owner, disheveled and smelling of liquor, and Ephraim, wearing his Sunday best, his worn shoes shined. “Well, I see you’re both here for the reading of the will and final dispensation of the estate of Augusta Barrow. First, let me say she was a fine woman, a person with integrity and honor.” He indicated the two could sit, settled behind his desk, put on his reading glasses and cleared his throat again. He read the will, with the usual verbiage. Tucker sat on the edge of the chair. 
“I grant all my slaves, their families, heirs, and relatives their freedom effective immediately. In particular to Ephraim Washington I grant not only freedom for him and his family, but I bequeath to him all my estate, including but not limited to the plantation, all its effects and assets, and everything listed as well.” Rutherford paused as Tucker gasped. He read the rest, including language that indicated Tucker was not to set foot on the property, ever for any reason, or would be subject to arrest.
“Finally, I bequeath to my son Tucker, my only blood heir, the amount of one dollar. I suggest he take that dollar and invest it wisely, make a profit with it, and make something of himself. I fear he will take that dollar and drink it away.” Rutherford looked over his glasses at Tucker, who fumed at the news and at Ephraim, who sat in shocked silence. “All my best, Augusta May Barrow, dated this September 26, 1865. This is her last will and testament.”
He shifted uncomfortably. “Mr. Barrow, in accordance with your mother’s will…” He handed him a bill. “Here is your dollar.”
Tucker snatched the bill from his hand, then stood and pointed at the attorney. “This is outrageous. I will challenge the will. What can I do with one dollar?” He turned his wrath to Ephraim. “You, nigger boy, what could you do with a dollar? Or your son? He’s my age; could he do anything with a dollar?” He spat on Ephraim’s foot, turned, and stomped out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Ephraim sat ramrod straight in the chair, his hands clutching the arms. 
The lawyer stood and held out his hand. “Congratulations, Mr. Washington. You’ll be one of the first of the Negro race to own a plantation in New Orleans.”
~
Reggie sat in the booth, the fish untouched. “So he got the entire estate? What happened to Tucker?”
“He stole quite a lot from Ephraim, just wouldn’t leave him alone. Finally the sheriff put him in jail for a couple weeks. He got out and ended up in prison for armed robbery. Died in prison. They said from pneumonia, but it could have been anything.”
“And Ephraim? Didn’t you say this story is about his son, Julius Washington?”
Dad laughed. “After that, it got real interesting.”
~
Ephraim rode back to the plantation and greeted his wife. They shouted and laughed, clapped and cried. The other slaves came to hear the good news and he promised them jobs. They broke out every musical instrument and sang and played deep into the night.
That evening the couple sat in the living room of their newly acquired home, uncomfortable since they’d worked there as slaves their entire lives. Mary sat in the leather chair. 
“Ah ain’t never set in dis chair. How do ah look?”
“Mary, y’all look beautiful.”
They toasted one another with their iced teas. As they drank, he laughed.
“Yo shouda seen ole Tuckah, he wus mad, oh my. I thot his heada exploded.”
“I do feel soora fo him,” she said. “Ony gotta dollah. What kin a man do wit a dollah?”
“Oh ah know whut he do wit his dollah. He drinkin’ it up as we speak.”
“But even so, a good man, what he do wit a dollah?”
“A good man, he coulda done it.” He nodded and sipped his tea. “Ya know, ah got me an idea. Ah’ll take Julius to New Arleens, we’ll start up a fishin’ bizness. Always wanted ta.”
Mary wrung her hands. “Ah worry that Tuckah come back, give me grief.” 
“Yo git ahold o’ the sheriff, he take care a him.”
She snapped her fingers. “Ah know. Remember what Tucker say ta ya?” 
She told him her idea. They agreed it would be an excellent experiment. 
~
Carter finished his fish. “Eat up, son. No use it getting colder.”
Reggie picked up his fork. “So what did Ephraim do?” 
“He decided to experiment. He took his son Julius aside and explained to him what happened with Tucker and told him what he wanted the boy to do. He gave him one dollar, told him to take it and make something of it with himself. So Julius Washington, twenty-years-old, left with one dollar, got a ride to New Orleans, and made a fishing pole. Bought an old smoker, caught some fish, smoked it, sold it, did it again and again and—”
“No.” Reggie stopped, the bite halfway to his mouth. “That was the start of Southern Seafood?”
“That’s right. But he called it Catfish then.”
“So that’s why we have the two companies? Southern Seafoods and the farm?”
“That’s right,” he nodded. “From way back then. Julius built it from a dollar, Ephraim ran the farm and kept Tucker at bay.”
Reggie sat back against the booth and smiled, the first time since Katrina. “That’s inspiring. When can I read the book?”
“I’m going to get it scanned. You can read it then. I’ll donate the book to the Smithsonian. It seems like a better place than the Jefferson Davis Foundation.” Carter set down his fork. “But son, here’s what I think. We just got kicked in the teeth with this hurricane. And I know we’ve been trying to decide what to do. One of the things we—you—have been thinking about—a lot—is quitting. But after reading this book, and seeing how hard Grandpa Julius worked, starting with a dollar, even though he had access to other means and assets, I think we owe it to him to keep it going.”
“I don’t know. What if we rebuild and the next hurricane flattens it again? Do we just keep getting up and getting knocked down?”
“Well, I’ve been studying it, and I think we should stay in New Orlean—”
“No.”
“Hang on.” He held up his hand. “We stay in New Orleans—actually, near Gulfport, but north of highway 10. Higher ground.”
“But the insurance.”
He was right; after the hurricane, the insurance companies were hurt and frightened, too. Rates rocketed. “The price of the land is cheap enough to compensate for the insurance. And after a few years the rates will drop again. Meanwhile, we can dominate the market.”
“I don’t know.”
Carter opened his laptop and showed him properties, prices, spreadsheets, and forecasts. Reggie remained skeptical. 
“Look, we’ve had hurricanes and survived all of them—except this one. Actually, another one wiped out Louisiana in 1928, the Okechobee. That was almost eighty years ago. If the weather held the same pattern, you would be a hundred thirty and I’d be a hundred fifty when the next big one hit.”
“Very funny.”
“But what if we went another eighty? And still, we’ll have a better building, build it out of reinforced concrete, and more out of harm’s way.”
Reggie took a bite of fish. “You make a strong case.”
“I tell you what,” Carter said. “We’ll do it, and give it our best shot. If the entire thing fails, I’ll give you Grandpa Julius’s dollar back.”
He took another bite and pointed the fork at his father. “That keeps it in perspective. Why not take the risk, right?”
“That’s my boy.”
“And this fish.” He pointed to it with his fork. “It is pretty good.”
Dad leaned in and indicated he do so as well. In a whisper he said, “It’s the basil. Awesome.”
~
“And so, we dedicate this building.” Reggie swung the champagne glass and smashed it against the concrete structure. Glass and bubbly sprayed against the walls and the parking lot. Employees, friends, and relatives clapped. Most of the women cried. Reggie and his dad hugged each other. 
“Congratulations, son. This wasn’t easy.” 
“To be honest, I think the hard part is just beginning.”
“If anyone can do it, I believe you can.”
Now Reggie teared up. “Thanks, Dad. And thank you for pushing me.”
“No problem.”
People toasted the new enterprise, one another, and the music played. The press reported the good news, something the people of Louisiana needed—a business picking up the pieces and starting over. 
The throngs faded away until only family remained. Reggie held his dad’s elbow. “Can you come in the office? I have something for you.”
“Sure.” 
They entered the new building and Reggie’s office. He handed him a package. His dad opened it and pulled out a dollar bill. He looked at Reggie, a question in his eyes. 
“Turn it over.”
He did so, and read the writing on the bill. ‘“To a wonderful father who believed so much, he’d be willing to bet his last dollar. Thanks. Reggie.’ Very nice, son.”
“Thanks for believing in me.”
“And now, I have a gift for you. May I?” He indicated Reggie’s computer. 
“Sure.” Dad went to the desk, moved the mouse, scrolled, then found the page. “Read this.” 
Reggie sat and read. Then whistled. “Is this true?”
“As far as I can tell, yes. We’re the only fresh seafood wholesaler in the area.”
He rocked back in his chair and laughed. “Did you have any idea?”
“Nope.” Carter leaned on the desk and peered at Reggie. “Here’s the deal, son. You’re the only game in town. Great for business. But don’t become complacent. Before you know it, competitors will be coming out of the woodwork. So yes, it’s fun to be the only place for fresh fish, but make sure your customers love you. First class quality, first class service.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’d bet a dollar you can do it.”

Texas
I spent a Sunday hiking Enchanted Rock, complete with kids texting, crowds, and noise. Bad timing, as the weather cooperated and it was spring break. However, I found seclusion and wilderness over the back side of the huge rock. What if someone found too much isolation? 
This story is rated R, contains acts of violence, nudity, and a sexual situation. You’ve been warned. 
SOLITUDE
Brittany walked through the parking lot below Enchanted Rock, the trail to the top clearly visible, not because of a trail, as the towering pink granite remained impervious to foot traffic, but the bare landscape bore dots, like ants, of hikers headed to the summit. The parking lot teemed with kids, old men who should have known better than to wear bicycle shirts and Speedos, and moms preparing for the climb. 
She shook her head. Saturday. And spring break. She sighed. Well, she was enjoying spring break from college, too, so everyone else had a right to be there also. Today’s hike would be a conga line of people, shouting and running, dropped water bottles, fighting and chaos. After crossing the creek, she started up the rock with full sun on her back, her blond ponytail bobbing across her shoulders. She wouldn’t let a bunch of people ruin her trip. 
There weren’t enough places to hike like this, hence the crowds. Either ranchers owned the land or the nanny government closed it off to human use. Her breathing increased as she strode upward, stopping not for breath but to enjoy the view that grew with the climb. Cacti poked out through cracks in the pink rock, while scrub pine made a nice contrast near the bottom where it afforded a bit of soil. 
A preteen girl struggled up a rock, her legs shaking as her dad encouraged her, telling her where to place her hands and feet. Brother. Brittany hopped from one rock to another and jumped down to the larger granite surface, their voices fading, while others strengthened. A pack of Boy Scouts ran around, out of control. Weren’t they supposed to be disciplined? 
Sweat formed on her neck and under her arms as the sun beat down, a welcome friend after months of winter. Loosened up, she increased her stride even though the rock arced steeper toward the heavens. People dotted the horizon above and a few already struggled down the surface. She stopped to get a drink of water from her little backpack. With all this sunshine she decided to drink plenty of water. 
Another few hundred yards and she crested the summit, the view below a carpet of vegetated flatland with outcroppings of rock. Thirty kids milled about while a woman struggled to get them together for a picture. A fifty-something man, one of the Speedo gang, peered at his phone. He said to his buddies, “Should I text it or e-mail it?” Wow. Made it over a half mile. Perhaps he should send it to the newspaper. 
On impulse, she headed over the top to the cave. Bad idea. Kids littered the area.
“How’d you get up there?” a girl asked a boy.
“I climbed.” 
Apparently these kids didn’t get out much. Well, at least they were seeing nature and got away from electronic devices. Okay, maybe not. A smattering of kids stood with heads down, tapping their screens. 
A dad stood at the mouth of the cave, blocking the entry as he instructed his eight-year-old how to work the camera. Brittany shuffled from foot to foot. Finally the kid announced he got it and they looked at it together. “I’ll just wait here,” she mumbled. They entered and three kids cut her off to join them. Forget it. Sighing, she turned away. Two parents stood talking, oblivious to their children as they ran in front of her, almost tripping her up. 
She originally planned to hike to the top and down four or five times, her idea of a good workout. But the crowd drove her to change course and also change the course of her life. She decided to go down the back side and hike the loop. 
The loop consisted of four miles of relatively flat trails around the rock, and while beautiful and isolated, it didn’t provide the cardio workout she liked. No matter. She’d just hike it fast and maybe do it twice. Maybe even run it once. Supposedly a trail bisected the loop and afforded her a trip to the back, but twice the rock surface crested to a dangerous, steep descent. She turned east and angled toward the bottom. While not providing much of a cardio workout, the steep rock face worked to strengthen her ankles and legs and help her coordination. Voices evaporated as the rock loomed above and flat land approached. She saw a couple on another rock off to her right, halfway up. 
The surface dove into the ground and she hopped down, stopping for more hydration. The quiet enveloped her, save a couple of birds and a cricket. What a contrast to the Christmas mall experience at the peak. Tossing on her backpack, she set out heading west. The trail wasn’t marked, yet needn’t be, as getting lost was impossible with the rock standing tall and to her left. She kept her head down and watched the trail ahead for obstacles. That’s why she missed the snake. 
He grabbed her wrist and brandished a knife, clean and sharp, the handle made of blonde wood below a strip of chrome. That’s how it went. Time slowed, and she noticed every detail. His missing tooth. Two days’ growth of beard, a bit of gray. Short black hair. The ice blue eyes. 
“You be quiet now or I’ll cut you good.” Sunlight gleamed off the edge, right below her eye. Should she punch or kick, scream anyway? Too late. She knew the first two or three seconds were critical, and they had passed. It was then she heard the voice. 
Wait.
“Hey, girl, you’re coming with me.” He nodded his head to the right, away from the rock. Whether from stopping or the trauma, she soaked her shirt with sweat, felt it stick to her back. What to do?
Comply. For now.
He pulled her away from the trail, from those people she avoided. Now she’d give anything to see anybody, someone. Her mind reeled. The deeper into the brush she got, the less her chance of help. She slowed and he whirled.
“You want me to cut you? You wanna die? Not a peep, no resistance, clear?”
Yes.
She nodded. 
They walked—or stumbled—together a hundred yards into a small clearing. Near the edge sat a backpack, with matted down grass.
Remember the alligator.
She had just learned about them. They would slow their heart rate, hold their breath, and sink below the water for up to two hours, waiting for their prey, then when it appeared, they would explode and devour it. The snake made her sit, then rummaged through his backpack. He removed duct tape and plastic zip ties. And smiled. She willed her breathing and heartbeat to slow… not easy. He ripped off a piece of tape. “Easy now. We’re going to keep you quiet.” He moved it toward her mouth. Should she bite him?
Wait. Until he’s vulnerable. 
“Very nice.” He surveyed his work. “I appreciate your cooperation. Maybe we can both have some fun, yes?” Was she supposed to answer? Pretty difficult with her mouth taped shut. 
He took the zip tie in one hand, the knife in the other. Nodded, like ‘you know what to do next.’ She did know. She shook her head. 
The snake pounced, his knife at her throat. “Don’t make me use this,” he hissed. “Get started.” A tear dribbled down her cheek and she wiped it away. Sighed. She took off her top, tossed it aside, stopped. The cool air on her sweat iced her back. 
“Gonna do it slow, eh? While that may be fun, I ain’t got all day. Come on, let’s go now.” 
He nodded again. She took off the sports bra. He leered at her. “Nice. You stay in good shape. I like that.” Apparently he didn’t like it enough to do it himself. 
That’s the way it went, slow. Sometimes people get in car wrecks and it happens so fast they can’t remember, and others go through every detail. Drag racers spend five minutes telling about a car they drove for five seconds. Like that. She felt rather removed, like she was watching it from behind or above herself. Maybe the voice helped her to stay calm, waiting. Like the alligator. However, the thing was playing out. The inevitable was coming. And no way was she losing her virginity this way, not today, not this way.
Watch for the weak moment.
The snake clipped her hands behind her back and returned to the front to survey his work—or rather, her assets. 
“Well, looks like you can’t finish undressing, can you?” Another question she couldn’t answer. Brandishing the knife again, he warned, “No funny stuff.” He knelt at her feet and set the knife on the ground to remove her shoes. Perfect. She’d kick him in the face hard enough to knock his head off. 
No. Not yet.
No? This was crazy. Perhaps she shouldn’t listen to the voice. They were getting way too close to… the inevitable. He took off each shoe and sock. The ground felt rocky, not pointed but rounded, a lot of small rocks. 
“Almost done here.” He sounded like a doctor or something. He pulled down her shorts, his fingers like snakes. Her underwear came off soaked with sweat, and the air once again felt cold on her thighs. He surveyed his work. Keeping her heartbeat down took all her strength, as her mind screamed at this violation. 
“Now.” He clapped his hands together. “Time for some ‘before’ pictures.” He made it sound like they were having a great time. He took the camera and shot her at least two dozen times, from every angle. Finally he set it down. “And now.” He took off his shirt to reveal a pasty white skin stretched over a belly. Brittany swallowed bile. What happened if you threw up with your mouth taped shut? 
Not yet.
Well, of course, not now. But if he was naked and she kicked him? Maybe then. Way too late, this thing’s gone too far already; keep breathing easy, heart slow. I’m naked and about to be raped, he’s going to be naked soon, too; this thing’s getting out of control…
He’s got one leg halfway out of his pant—
Now!
She almost missed it. It took about a second—an eternity really—but she took one step, gained speed, and brought her left leg up in a round kick, hitting him right in the ear and jaw, the top of her foot connecting flat against his skin, following through. He fell to the ground like a rag doll, out cold. Now she breathed heavily, her cheeks puffed, in and out her nose, her heart crashing against her breastbone. He laid there, half undressed, his head on the ground, both arms extended, with blood seeping out his nose. 
What to do? 
She trotted over to the knife and sat in front of it, the rocks pricking her fanny. The guy hadn’t moved, but she couldn’t take her eyes off him, afraid he’d jump up and overpower her. Until her hands were freed, she felt at a disadvantage. But he would have quite a headache. 
She found the knife and worked at the plastic. It looked awfully sharp at eye level, but didn’t seem to do the trick. He hands shook, too, making it hard to keep it in place. 
The guy stirred. 
What now? Run naked through the brush looking for help? Hide the knife? Kick him again?
Disable him.
She dropped the knife and stood, took four steps, building speed toward his upright knee. Kicked it mightily enough that she fell to the ground beside him. He screamed as she rolled away, the rocks poking her and sticking to her sweaty skin. He grabbed his knee and howled.
“My leg! What are you doing, trying to kill me?”
Another unanswerable question, but a good idea. The voice said no. 
Back to the knife. She picked it up and walked to the other side of the clearing, far enough away, yet she wanted to keep him in her vision. She sat and sawed away. The man writhed, whined, and cursed her. 
In the movies, people cut through this stuff like butter. She sawed and worked at her bonds. He kept up his barrage.
“What’s the matter with you? I can’t walk. Please don’t hurt me any more. You don’t understand. I was just having some fun. My leg. Oh, my head. I’m bleeding, you know. You broke my nose, I’m sure. You won’t leave me here, will you? Help me.” Blood dripped down his face and onto his white chest. He continued his pathetic barrage. 
After a good three minutes sawing until her hands cramped, the plastic broke free and she rubbed her wrists and rotated her shoulders. She pulled at the tape a bit. Wow, that hurt. Steeled her will and ripped it off.
“Ow! That hurt.” Retrieving her backpack, she drank water and rubbed it on her face. She trotted over, gathered her clothes and dressed behind a tree. It would have felt funny dressing in front of him and she feared he’d enjoy it. The clothes felt cold and wet and stuck to her skin. 
Dressed, she returned. He’d drug himself to his backpack. What if he had a gun? She ran and kicked it away. He kept up the same barrage, ‘why did you hurt me, please don’t leave me, I’m sorry.’ She considered duct taping his mouth just to shut him up. 
What should she do? 
The thought of killing him startled her. She had the knife. Judge, jury, and executioner. Texas style. Self-defense, no witnesses. Make a story, they wrestled for the knife, she could cut herself in a few spots for credibility. She shook her head. She’d be no better than him. Zip tie him and tape his mouth, leave him? He’d probably die. Drag him to the trail? He wasn’t worth the effort. Hike out and send for help? A plan began to formulate in her head. 
She picked up everything—the backpack, the zip ties, duct tape, her backpack, and his camera. “I’ll be keeping this.” 
She stopped. Took a few photos of him as he begged for mercy, for help. Then she rummaged through his backpack. Water, a jacket, some energy bars, another knife—how many do you need? A porno book—disgusting—a first aid kit and a cell phone. 
“Where’s your wallet?”
“Please don’t take my money, too. I beg you, help me. My knee, my head—”
“You want me to kick you again?”
“No, ple—”
“Your wallet.”
“In my pants.” He’d gotten them back on, thank God. 
“Throw it.”
He dug it out of his back pocket and threw it toward her. She rummaged through it. Take the money, the cards? No. She removed his driver’s license. “Bill Harris. Pleased to meet you, Bill.” She squatted down and said, “I’m Marcia Larsen. The Queen of Death.” She took his cell phone and hers, programmed his number into it. On a hunch, she scrolled through his directory. “Is this your wife? Barbara?” He nodded. She programmed it into her phone as well. Removed his battery and returned it to his backpack. 
She squatted in front of him. “If you ever try this stunt again, with any woman, I will hunt you down and kill you.” She twisted the knife in front of his face. “You understand?”
“Please,” he whined, “don’t let me die here.” Tears streaked down the dirt on his face.
She stood and tossed things in her backpack. “Have you listened to anything I’ve said?”
“You’re Marcia Larsen, the Queen of Death and if—”
“So you’ll live. Although why I don’t kill you now...”
“Please. I beg you.”
That did it. She kicked him in the head again and he fell sideways, out. “I wasn’t going to do this.” She duct taped his mouth and zip tied his hands behind his back. Set the knife ten feet away. Dumped some water on him. “Bill. Wake up.” Slapped him a little, perhaps a bit too hard. His beard felt scratchy. His eyes fluttered and opened. He groaned. 
“Here’s the deal. I’m leaving. There’s your backpack, with water and energy bars. Right over there is the knife. You’ll be okay. I’ll send help. You understand?” He nodded and tried to talk against the tape. “Do you ever shut up?” He tried to answer. 
She walked back to the trail and felt little rocks in her panties. She giggled, then laughed. Next she laughed uncontrollably, then sat in the trail and wept. It didn’t last too long. She got a Kleenex and wiped her tears. Stood and dusted herself off. Then she noticed. No blood—or other body fluids—no torn-up clothes, nothing broken, and her integrity remained intact. Inside her head would take some work, however. For sure.
She turned her head to the clear blue sky, tears streaming down both her cheeks. “Thank you.” 
~
“So you hiked out and told the ranger?” Danielle took a sip of her latte.
“Yes. I wore my floppy hat, kept my head down, and wrote where he was on their paper map. Then I got out of there.”
“And who is Marcia Larsen?”
Brittany shrugged. “The Queen of Death. I just… thought of the name. A diversion. I sure don’t want him to know who I am.”
“You’re going to press charges against him, right?”
“You’re kidding, aren’t you?”
“Serious.”
Brittany sipped her coffee. “First, it’s my word against his. No body fluids, a bruise on my wrists, so what? I jump through all the hoops to try and get him convicted; if I’m lucky he does, gets out in eighteen months for good behavior, and the defense attorney paints me as a prostitute… I liked it, we had fun, or for some reason this sick woman decided to frame him.”
“What about the pictures?”
“Oh, right. Let’s get the pictures of me naked, get them in evidence, blow them up and show them to the judge, jury, my family, and the press. Let’s put them on Facebook, social media everywhere. And the defense attorney claims my buddy Danielle and I did it to hurt his defendant, poor Bill Harris, victim of the evil woman. Bill gets on the stand and whines—he’s really good at that—and wears a really nice suit. Then Bill’s attorney puts up the shots of poor Billy, blood down his face, ain’t it awful, this woman kicked the crap out of him, who’s the victim here, and so on.” 
“Ew.” Danielle made a face. “So he goes scot free.”
“Not really. He got a splitting headache, and a trick knee. He’s got the Queen of Death to worry about. Always watching. And can call his wife any time. I still consider calling her, but keep thinking it’s a bad idea.” Brittany bent down and picked up a decorative bag. “I got this for you to say thanks.”
Danielle squealed, clapped her hands, and opened a necklace, a sapphire on a thin silver chain. “That’s beautiful. So nice.” 
“Just wanted to say thanks. From a third degree black belt to a fifth degree.”
She fitted the necklace around her neck and patted it. She leaned in to speak confidentially. “So. Tell me about the voice.”
“I kept hearing this voice telling me what to do. In the worst parts, anyway. After I disabled him, I couldn’t hear it, like whether to kill him or not. I had to decide that myself, I guess. But the rest—I heard a voice. Not out loud, but clearly. It told me exactly what to do.”
“Whose voice was it?”
“I’ve thought about that. I decided it was the trinity.”
“The Father, Son, and Holy Spirit?”
“No, I don’t think so. I think it was a mix of you, me, and God. Much of what I heard was from what you taught me in Tai Kwan Do. It mixed with what I know, through martial arts, but life, too. And mixed with those was God, who knew when, where, how and what to do. At first I just thought I was screwed—double entendre intended—and then the voice kept me calm, poised, and ready. So, thank you for all those years of training.” 
“I don’t know,” Danielle fingered the necklace, “I think if he came at me with the duct tape, I’d have round-kicked him in the stomach, knocked him into the bushes. Think about it. If you’d have stopped him then, he would have less visuals of you in the… um… altogether.”
She sighed. “I suppose. It’s hard to second guess. But I think his abiding memory of a part of my anatomy will be my bare foot taking out his face. And thank God, I have no visuals of him.”
Danielle laughed and stirred her latte. “Whatever voice it was, I’m happy you listened.”
“I suppose it could have been my own—my conscience—or God’s. It was probably the pizza I ate for lunch.” She placed her hand on her friend’s, her mentor’s. “But I do thank you. For all the training.”
She put her hand underneath the necklace and held it up. “Thank you.” Letting it lie back down, she said, “So you don’t hike alone any more, right?”
Brittany patted her purse. “I now bring two friends with me everywhere I go. Smith and Wesson.”

New Mexico
We visited Carlsbad Caverns, a true wonder. One little boy proved to be a distraction, his parents not handling him well. He wasn’t a Spencer, but I’ve known a Spencer. We all have met a Spencer, haven’t we? And why do parents think it’s a good idea to be their kids’ buddies?
SPENCER
“Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Carlsbad Caverns. The elevator goes down at nine miles per hour and descends seven hundred fee—stop that.”
The ranger, Jim Campbell, referred to the boy with long black hair, approximately eight-years-old, munching on a Reese’s Peanut Butter Cup, the chocolate smeared over his face and hands. As Jim spoke, the boy kicked the back of the elevator like a metronome, his parents and siblings apparently oblivious to his behavior. 
“That’s Spencer,” Rick Eiseman said, finally, as if stating his name would make the ranger understand. 
“Sir, he needs to stop.”
“Whatcha gonna do, stop the elevator and throw me off?” the boy said as he continued his irritating actions, only louder. He dropped the candy wrapper on the floor.
“Sir, you need to get control of your son.” The small crowd in the space tried to move away from the boy. Ranger Campbell knew he had 426 days until retirement, which didn’t seem like a long time… until this morning. Apparently the parents weren’t going to stop the boy, so he continued his monologue until the car came to a smooth stop and the doors parted. Little Spencer shot out and cursed at him.
“Excuse me?” Campbell looked at his mother. Terri Eiseman shrugged and said, “He’s a free spirit.”
“Always has been,” Rick added.
Campbell clamped his mouth shut before he could utter, “That ‘free spirit’ is going to end up in prison some day.” 426 days. He figured he wouldn’t count the hours until 100 days to go. At least he wouldn’t have to deal with the little brat again until they returned from the caverns. Hopefully they would walk out. Somehow he doubted he would be so lucky. He glanced down and scowled at a smear of chocolate on his pants. 
“Where’d he go?” Rick said to the family. Ashley, age thirteen, said, “I hope he fell in a pit or something. He embarrasses me.” She folded her arms across her chest. 
“Ashley,” Terri chided, “that’s a terrible thing to say.”
“Yeah, Sis, he’s just being Spencer,” Blake, the oldest boy, said. “I’ll find him.”
The family wandered out to the cavern area, where small shops sold snacks and souvenirs. No Spencer. Blake offered to check the restroom and Ashley needed to use the ladies’ room. Mom and Dad gazed in wonder at the yawning expanse of rock, with soft lighting accentuating the shapes. A ranger trotted past and said, “Son, you need to get down from there.”
“I think we found Spencer.” Terri nodded toward the ranger. Sure enough, Spencer stood beyond the fence atop a rock outcropping, pounding his chest. “Me king of the world.” 
“Son, get down here right now.” The ranger stood at the fence, unwilling to cross it himself. “Where are your parents?”
“Right here,” Rick said. “Spencer, buddy, come on, we’re going in the Big Room. It’ll be a lot more fun than this.”
Spencer climbed behind the rocks and hid. Rick shrugged at the ranger like, “What can you do?”
“You need to get that boy out of there.”
“Spencer. Come on, pal. Let’s go, buddy. You want a t-shirt?”
“Sure.” He climbed around the rocks and under the rail. 
“Make sure he stays inside the fences from now on, sir.”
“Got it.”
They bought Spencer a t-shirt. Ashley returned and stated that she’d rather die than be seen in a shirt like that and Blake took her cue. Spencer peeled off his shirt, dropped it on the ground, and snatched the new shirt out of Mom’s hand. Terri picked up the shirt and stuffed it in between the handles of her purse.
“Hey, buddy, we’re going into the Big Room. It’s going to be cool. But we all need to stick together, okay?”
“Sure.” Spencer ran to the archway that led to the Big Room and disappeared. The four remaining family members walked into the room and gasped. The room extended up for hundreds of feet with cream colored rocks and columns extending both up from the floor and hanging down from the ceiling. It resembled an ancient church sanctuary, only ten times bigger. 
Dad shook his head. “Marvelous. Which are stalactites and which are stalagmites?”
“They’re both called speleothems,” Terri said as she read a plaque. “And stalagmites grow from the floor.”
“So the stalactites hang.”
“Right.”
The two teenagers leaned against the rail, Blake looking bored while Ashley poked a text message. It wouldn’t send, being under 700 feet of rock, so she played a game. A woman cried out. Blake headed toward the noise. “Probably Spencer.”
Rick and Terri looked at one another. “That kid,” Rick shook his head.
“It’s a stage. He’ll outgrow it.”
Ashley pressed the keys. “I wish he’d outgrow it in Louisiana or somewhere.”
Blake returned with Spencer as he gripped his forearm. “He was outside the fence again. The lady tried to talk to him but he yelled at her.”
“Let go of me.”
Rick squatted down and hugged Spencer. “You okay, buddy? Listen, we want to have a good time here and you need to stay with us, okay? We love you and wouldn’t want you to get lost, because you are so special.”
Spencer broke away and took off at a dead run. He blew past an elderly man who stumbled and grabbed the rail for support. The family followed, Dad and Mom side by side, while Blake and Ashley fell behind a bit as she peered at her screen. 
Spencer slipped under the rail as he saw a stalagmite jutting up from the ground. He grabbed it and struggled to break it free. It wouldn’t budge. He smacked it and crawled to another, a thinner one. No luck. Back under the rail and he took off again, searching for the perfect specimen. After a hundred feet or so he saw a possibility and ducked under the rail again.
“Hey. What are you doing?” A woman reached for him so he moved deeper into the rocks.
He turned behind one and found a possible prize. He wrapped his arms around it and pulled. Nothing. He turned his back to it and gave it a donkey kick. Snap! A piece broke off. He picked up his treasure and shoved it in his back pocket. “Nice.”
He kept circling around to avoid the woman and got back on the asphalt path behind her. Taking off at a run, he smacked her bottom as he passed her. Just then Rick and Terri turned the corner and saw what he did. Rick laughed and Terri held her hand over her mouth to keep from laughing.
“Just walk past her like nothing happened,” he said. They sauntered past and gave one another knowing looks, their little secret. 
The sign at the next sight indicated the rock formation they faced was called soda straws. They marveled at it. “White rocks that look like spaghetti. Amazing,” Terri remarked. Another viewpoint’s sign announced the Bottomless Pit. Terri read the description out loud, including its depth.
Rick smirked. “They lied then. It isn’t bottomless.” They rounded a corner and saw a ranger wrestling with Spencer, holding his arm as he kicked her. 
“Spencer. Hey, buddy, what’s going on?” Rick bent down and patted his shoulders. 
“She’s being mean to me.”
“He was outside the boundaries and took some rocks. I saw it,” she said. Her badge read Sarah. 
“No, you didn’t.” Spencer tried to kick her again. 
“Could you get control of your child, sir?”
“If you’d be nicer to him and perhaps wouldn’t lie, he wouldn’t kick you.” Rick held Spencer’s arm and gently removed him from her grip. 
“Excuse me?”
Terri weighed in. “You didn’t see him, did you?”
“I most certainly did.” 
Rick hugged Spencer. “Hey, buddy, I love you. Listen, I got your back, friend. Easy, okay?” He hugged him while he looked at her. “See? We got this.”
“Sir, I need to detain him. He’s stolen some artifacts.”
“I don’t see anything.”
“Look in his pockets.” She pointed to his bulging pockets, then grabbed the stalagmite from his back pocket. “What’s this?”
“Hey, that’s mine,” Spencer yelled. “Give it back to me.” He reached for it and she held it out of his reach.
With her other hand she grabbed her radio and keyed the mike. “This is Sarah. I need help at the grotto.”
“Roger. Be right there,” a man’s voice squawked. 
“Lady, you’ve illegally detained my son, accused him of stealing when you didn’t see anything, and are ruining our vacation.” 
“You’ll need to stay here, all of you, until we get this ironed out.”
“We’ve got constitutional rights,” Rick huffed. “I’m going to contact my attorney.” As he waved his cell phone, Ashley came up behind him and told him his phone wouldn’t work in the caverns. 
“Just sit tight.” Sarah turned and rolled her eyes. She wanted to hold the kid to keep him under control, but his father seemed to have him now. Besides, there was only one way to the exits. So if he took off, someone could snatch him at the concession stand. Although if he were to run loose, get outside the rails again, and fall down a crevasse, these people would blame the Park Service—of course.
Another ranger, Mitch Ringsdorf, appeared, a big guy with creased pants and the ranger hat. He strode up to the group. “What’s going on here?”
“This boy stole—”
“We have been detained illegally, my boy has been falsely accused, and now he’s traumatized. We’re ready to take legal action.”
Ringsdorf stood, hands on his hips. “We’ve had three separate complaints about that boy.”
“Someone else’s boy.”
Terri chimed in. “He wouldn’t do anything wrong. He’s only eight.” 
Sarah held up the finger of rock. “He defaced the park and stole this.”
“You framed him,” Rick huffed. “You had the rock and made it look like he stole it.”
Spencer kicked Ringsdorf.
“Ow! You little... okay people. We’re all going together up to the office and take care of this. Thank you, Sarah. If I need any more from you I’ll radio you. Let’s go.”
Rick looked at Terri and they shrugged. No use fighting here. “We’ll get our lawyer to fix this,” Rick whispered to her. “Let’s just go with it.”
The group walked toward the concessions and exit. Spencer announced he needed to use the bathroom. Ringsdorf followed the dad and boy into the restroom. Rick turned and held up a hand. “Give the boy some privacy.” 
“He can have privacy in the stall.”
Ringsdorf watched as Rick turned and hugged Spencer, trying to extricate the rocks while pretending to console his son. “That’s enough.”
Rick stood and strode up to the man. “My son has been harassed by you people and now I can’t give him any comfort?”
Spencer ran to a trash can and threw the rocks into it. Ringsdorf sighed, pulled off the lid and grasped the plastic bag and shouldered it. “Let’s get going.”
“I need to pee.” Spencer hopped from foot to foot and held himself. 
“No. You had your chance. Let’s go.”
The boy ran to Ringsdorf and swung his leg, but the man was wise to it and sidestepped, grabbing his bicep.
Spencer cried, “He’s hurting me,” and his dad threatened him once again with legal action.
The three of them zigzagged through the crowd to the concession area where the rest of the family waited. Ringsdorf guided the family to the elevator as the doors opened and a tour group in knee pads and miners’ helmets exited. Jim Campbell waved at them, his smile turning to a frown as he saw the boy again. Ringsdorf nodded to him as they entered and the doors closed. No one spoke while the elevator climbed.
About halfway up Spencer said, “I peed my pants.” As if on cue, everyone looked at the source, a dark spot on his jeans. 
“Oh, jeez,” Ashley muttered and resumed the game on her phone. “Next time I’m staying in the car.”
“You have traumatized this boy,” Rick warned. He knelt and put his arm around Spencer’s shoulders. “We got your back, buddy. Just hang in there.” Tears trickled down the boy’s cheeks and snot drooled from his nose. Terri got a Kleenex out of her purse and wiped up the mess. 
When the doors opened, Ringsdorf escorted the group off the elevator and down a hallway. As they walked, his phone chirped. He checked it and smiled. 
They arrived at an unmarked door, which he opened. Two park policemen stood in the outer room. “Is this the trouble?” one of them asked. He pointed at the boy who was ripping silk flowers out of a vase and tossing them on the floor.
Ringsdorf nodded and held the door open to the back office, motioning for them all to follow. 
“Let’s everyone sit down.” He indicated the chairs and a couch. Ashley moved to the door and focused on her phone. The texts worked again. Looking forlorn with his wet crotch, Spencer decided to sit on the floor on his knees. 
As the cops looked on, Ringsdorf attempted to tell the story while both parents argued and quibbled over every detail. Suddenly Spencer stood, ran across the room, kicked one of the cops, and cursed at him. He yowled and grabbed his leg, while the other grabbed him.
“I should have warned you about that,” Ringsdorf said.
The cop whipped out a pair of plastic handcuffs and bound the boy’s hands behind him.
Rick stood and yelled, “This is an outrage.”
Blake snapped a photo with his camera. “I can send it to the local newspaper,” he offered. 
“You do that, son.”
Ringsdorf shrugged. “Just great.” He turned to the cop. “Please don’t taze him.” 
“A little pepper spray might do him good,” the other cop muttered. 
The cop opened his laptop and asked questions as he tapped at the keyboard, with Ringsdorf answering and Rick contesting every claim.
Ringsdorf sighed after another interruption. “Three separate people came to me to complain about your son, going past the barriers, taking artifacts, and destroying park property.”
“All lies. You’re framing him. Our word against yours. I’ll see you in court.”
He shrugged. “Knock yourself out.”
The cop finished typing, hit a button and the printer squirted out a receipt-looking piece of paper. He extended it to Rick. “Mr. Eiseman, you are the parent of Spencer Eiseman and therefore are responsible for his behavior. You have been charged with two counts of Destruction of Park Property, and one count of Theft of Park Property. As you can see on this citation, the fines total thirty-five thousand dollars—”
“What?” Rick shrieked. “Are you out of your mind?”
“You can either plead guilty and pay the fines or if you would like to plead innocent, contact the cour—”
“Oh, we’ll contact the court, all right.” He snatched the paper from the cop’s hand and stuffed it into his pocket. “We’ll get our lawyer—he’s a great one—and see you in court. Come on, family.” He headed toward the door and they filed behind him. “You have not heard the last of us.”
Ringsdorf stopped them. “You’ll need to leave the park now.”
Rick turned. “Really? Of course, we’re out of here.” He spun on his heel and followed the family through the door. It eased shut behind them. 
In the silence, Ringsdorf whistled a tune. The cop looked sideways at him. “You seem pretty cool about this.”
“Oh, yes,” he answered. “Take a look at this.” He held out his phone and punched some keys. A video played of the kid kicking the stalagmite, then breaking it and stuffing it in his back pocket. 
“Who got that?”
“A responsible citizen. She texted it to me after telling our ranger what happened.”
“You didn’t show it to them.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I thought I’d wait until they spent around ten grand on their attorney, then drop the hammer on them.”
“I like the way you think.” The cop returned to his laptop to finish his report. “Man, that kid is a brat.”
“Sure is. But you know something? If the parents had acted responsibly and tried to get him under control, I’d have just asked them to leave. But with the garbage they gave us, they can deal with maximum fines and lawyers.”
After comparing notes, Ringsdorf called Sarah to the office for confirmation of statements. Just as she entered, her radio squawked. “Injury at the cave entry.”
“Jeez,” he said, “Sarah, get the medical bag and check it out.”
Sarah trotted to the cave entry, a yawning black hole with switchbacks that took tourists to the bottom. She traversed two switchbacks and spotted them. “Oh no,” she muttered. The Eiseman family gathered around a form on the ground, and as Sarah approached she saw Spencer on his back, his right arm at an impossible angle. 
“Excuse me. Please. Give me a little room. Spencer, are you okay?” As soon as the words left her mouth, she changed it up. “Your arm. Looks broken.” She checked his eyes and asked him questions, determined he didn’t suffer any concussion. Still, he wore road rash on his forehead and arms. But the right arm looked nasty. She radioed Ringsdorf to get an ambulance. 
Meanwhile Sarah checked his vital signs and talked to him in a soothing tone. She wiped his eyes and nose and the sheen of sweat on his forehead. “It hurts so bad,” he sobbed.
“We’ll get you fixed up. Just lie still.” She patted his chest. Chocolate clung stubbornly to his cheek and hand. His parents paced and wrung their hands. Blake stood, arms crossed, and Ashley texted furiously. Soon the paramedics showed and carted him off on a stretcher to a waiting ambulance, his mom riding along. His father turned to Sarah and held out his hand. She paused for a moment, then shook it. 
“Thanks for the help.”
“You were supposed to leave the park, sir.”
“I know, but the kids wanted to see it, so we thought we’d go in the walking entrance, then Spencer climbed on the handrail… anyway, I’m sorry and I appreciate your help.”
“Sure. It’s what we’re trained to do.”
He wiped his eyes. “And sorry about the dust-up today. Some days are better than others.”
“They sure are.”
They left and Sarah returned to the office. She flopped onto the couch and Ringsdorf brought her a cold water bottle.
“What a day.” She put her feet on the coffee table and rolled the plastic bottle against her forehead. 
“How were the parents?”
“Pretty good. Humbled. We may not see them in court after all.”
Ringsdorf smirked. “No way. Too much money. I bet they plead guilty and beg for a break. They’ll probably get away with a slap on the wrist.”
“I suppose we should be happy they aren’t suing us for his injury.”
“Oh, they still could. He sat beside her and looked to the ceiling. “It’s interesting. They broke so many laws today. Then got broken by another one.”
“Oh? Which one?”
“The law of physics.”

Arizona 
Riding through America during the Great Recession, we saw signs of it everywhere, with empty houses, shops, and stores. Arizona was hit hard, going from a big boom to a big bust. Housing, liar loans, and irresponsibility turned our economy upside down—a term that now refers to debt on houses. Interesting, the life of a house through the downturn. 
MITTENS
October 2005
“Who are you?” Jessica picked up the cat, a heavy gray one with white paws. It meowed as she pet it. 
“This will work.” Austin Merced opened the brand new stainless steel refrigerator. “Not bad.” The floor plan would work, too, with the master bedroom downstairs and the kids’ up. The kitchen featured a gas stove and the neighborhood looked pretty cool. And nothing like the smell of a new house. It would go well with the smell of his new truck. 
“Are you serious?” Jessica hugged the cat, but it wriggled out of her grip and jumped to the floor. She walked across the family room, her heels clicking on the tile. “This isn’t an island kitchen.” She peered out the ten-foot slider at a small dirt expanse. “The back yard isn’t even finished.”
“No problem. We’ll take it, get the yard landscaped, wait a year. By then it’s worth four-fifty; we’ll sell it and take the hundred grand and buy a million dollar house. After that we could turn it again, too, have a pool, spa, theater, exercise room.” 
The realtor slid a brochure across the bar. “Vistancia has a great rec center, two pools, play structures with all the amenities. You—”
“Right. But we want our privacy,” Jessica said. “We want our own pool and amenities. We don’t want our children swimming in a cesspool full of other kids. And what they do in public pools.”
“It’ll be fine, Jess. We’ll only be here a year. Then we step up. I’ll get a promotion, you’ll get a raise, and we’ll be set. We gotta get in the game.”
They both worked for residential contractors and saw others making money—tons of it—flipping houses. Austin saw the empty houses at the last development they completed, as investors bought and waited for the prices to escalate, then sell them and do it again. They drove big four-wheel drive pickups, Beemers or Mercedes. He wasn’t going to sit by and let this opportunity pass them up. 
She surveyed the kitchen with the cat on the counter and shook her head. The cat jumped to the floor and wove between her feet. “But I need a Jacuzzi tub, a vanity in the bathroom, my own walk-in closet and a stunning entry foyer. Our house is supposed to make a statement. I’m afraid of what this house’s statement is. ‘I need landscaping.’”
Austin held her hand. “Hon, the minute we move in, I’ll have landscapers all over the back yard like a swarm of bees. And there’s plenty of closet space in the second and third bedrooms.”
She folded her arms across her chest and viewed the small dirt expanse. Sighed. “I suppose.” The cat laid at her feet, her tail twitching. 
“Is that a yes?” The realtor unfolded his tablet and produced a pen. “Let’s make an offer.”
Austin had heard horror stories about offers. “Let’s offer twenty thousand over the asking price. Three-eighty. I don’t want to screw around and miss it. We gotta move on it.”
“The kids’ rooms are really small.” Jessica picked up the cat and looked in her eyes. “What’s your name?”
“Nonsense. By the time we have kids we’ll have them in massive rooms. Before they’re in grade school. And we can get in, no money down, right?” 
The realtor nodded. “All the closing costs can be turned into the loan amount. Appraisal is no problem. I’m pretty sure we can get you in in a couple of weeks.” He handed Austin the pen. “You need to move on this.”
“No more throwing away money on rental houses.” He glanced at the myriad papers on the counter. “Okay, hon, let’s get this signed.”
She set the cat on the floor. “I don’t know.” Setting it down, her bracelets jangled. “We can do better. Can’t we get the options? The fourth bedroom for an exercise room, the third bath?”
The realtor shook his head. “We’ve got you maxed.”
“Hon, we’ve stated our income about as high as we can.”
“All right.” She sighed and picked up the pen. “But in a year, I want an island kitchen.”
“And you shall have it,” he said, with a wave of his hand. “Your wish is my command.”
“Mittens.”
“What?”
“The cat.” She pointed. “She looks like a Mittens. With her white feet and all.”
July 2006
Jessica shut the door and clacked across the tile for a couple of steps. The air felt ice cold after the furnace of heat blasting the short walk from the driveway. She stopped and removed both high heels. Much better. The tile felt cool on her tired feet. Mittens rubbed against her shins and meowed. “I’m home.”
“In the rec room,” Austin yelled.
Jessica picked up Mittens and pet her, who endured it for a bit, then jumped down. Jessica padded down the hallway, Mittens at her heels. The rec room looked like a bomb blew up. Shirts and shoes scattered across the floor, and empty beer bottles jammed together on the end tables. Games and game controllers sat on the couch with spaghetti-like wires spread over the cushions. She shoved the debris aside with her foot, slid the controllers away, and fell into the couch. Mittens licked at some cheese in a pizza box. Austin worked the controller for a video game. “Tough day, hon?”
“Ugh. How much paperwork does it take to run a business? I thought computers would eliminate paper, but it’s ridiculous.” She peered at the game, where Austin’s character shot at enemies hidden throughout a building. “Tell me you haven’t just done this all day.”
“I made dinner.”
“You did? What did you make?”
“Chicken.”
“Oh,” she nodded, “so you went and got some from the Colonel.”
“Yep.”
She sighed, stood and looked into the kitchen. “I see you had it for lunch, too. The yellow plates. Dirty, sitting by the sink.”
“Uh huh.”
Jessica strode over to the television and hit the power button.
“Hey!”
She crossed her arms over her chest. “You need to find a job. You can’t just sit here.”
“Hon, we’ve been over this. When they open up phase four, we’ll get started. Should be a couple of weeks or so.”
She fumed. That’s what Austin said, or said they said, for the past month. “A couple of weeks. But if a couple of weeks turns into a couple of months, we are not going to make it. Then what?”
“It’ll be fine. Craig said they’re looking for financing. They sell out phase three—just a few more houses and off we go. Meanwhile the unemployment checks keep coming in. No problem.”
“If it takes any longer we’re giving back your truck.”
Austin stood. “What?” 
“I need the car. You just need that silly Game Boy.”
“It’s a Play Station.”
“Whatever. I say you look for another job.”
“Two weeks.”
She fiddled with letters stacked haphazardly on the counter. ‘Past Due’ stood out in red letters. She ripped it open and groaned. “You haven’t paid the mortgage?” She read farther down. “In five months?”
“No. Don said we didn’t need to. He didn’t, and the bank renegotiated his loan. And they don’t even call you for six months.” 
“Really. Well, this says four months, and they are talking foreclosure here.”
“It’s just a shot across the bow.” He powered up the television. “I’ll call them tomorrow and get negotiations started.”
Jessica rubbed her temples. It was like living with a teenager. She turned and peered out the slider. A barbell set covered the concrete patio clear over to a treadmill, covered in dust. A barbecue grill sat with the lid open, the wood racks faded and cracked. A lawnmower stood among the weeds, now dead and dry. She may have thought about it, didn’t plan it, hadn’t rehearsed it, the words just popped out.
“I want a divorce.”
April 2007
Austin finished his beer and crushed the can, then threw it at the cat as it walked by. The cat yowled and ran away. “Stupid cat.” He returned to the game, shooting at zombies. A character peered out from the right side of a tree and he killed it with one shot. He’d done this level a million times, so it was no struggle. Things got dicey at level fifteen. Now he could play the game unconsciously while he focused on the task at hand. 
Stupid Jessica. So impatient. Wanted wanted wanted. Just couldn’t wait a couple more years until things turned around. Everything he had said in the past, she threw back in his face. He shot a zombie and jumped his character onto a barrel. Pausing the game, he headed to the refrigerator for another beer and tripped over the cat. The cat yowled and skittered off. He cursed. 
“I run out of food and I’m eating you,” he warned. He returned to the game, shooting zombies and ghouls. Suddenly the screen went black and the shooting stopped. The air conditioner ground to a halt. 
“What?”
Somehow, he figured Jessica played a part in this. Did she throw the power? He avoided the cat as he searched for the breakers. They looked fine. “Great. Just wonderful.” The power company must have cut him off. They didn’t seem to be as forgiving as the bank. But with summer on the way, there was no way he’d stay there without power. He found his cell phone and called his mother. 
~
Five trips later Austin had his pickup filled with stuff. “Screw the rest,” he mumbled. He tossed the keys to the house on the floor, locked and shut the door behind him.
Mittens laid on the couch and heard the door shut. The man had gone. She got up on the end table and licked dried ice cream from a bowl. 
One Month Later
Mittens panted. The heat baked through the walls and her heavy fur worked against her. Fortunately she had shed much of it. She no longer visited the toilets in search of water; they dried up a week ago. After running out of food, she resorted to eating carpet fibers. She’d been on the first shelf of the pantry, but found papers, plastic, and boxes. Nothing to eat. She peered at the second shelf. Could she make it? Leaping up, her claws scratched across the shelf and she fell down. Perhaps the corner would be better. She studied the shelf for five minutes, then crouched and sprang up, clutching onto the surface, skittering and as she slid backwards she managed to get her hind leg up, leveraging herself onto the shelf. She paused to rest, the exertion and heat sapping her strength. Recovering, she crept between cans and bottles and knocked many of them off the shelf. One crashed to the floor and shattered, with liquid splattering out from the broken jar. Mittens leaped down and lapped the delicious peach juice.
Two months later
The bank representative opened the door after the locksmith wrestled it open. The stench assaulted his nostrils. “Something die in here?” It wasn’t dead body smell, he was pretty sure, but the ammonia smell of animal urine. He returned to his car to get a handkerchief and opened the door once again. Out shot an emaciated, scraggily gray cat. 
“So you’re the culprit.”
He opened all the windows and checked the condition and contents for the bank report: Torn-up furniture and carpet, garbage overflowing in the kitchen, the corners of doorways scratched and raw. And the relentless stench. 
“This one will be tough to sell,” he murmured.
May 2008
Hold your nose,” the realtor warned, “a cat was stuck in here for quite some time.”
When Nathan Crowder entered, his eyes watered at the fetid smell. With the power out and temperatures in the high nineties, the overpowering aroma of cat assaulted his senses. 
“I told you the place was bad.”
“I know,” Nathan smiled. “And that’s why we’re going to lowball this house.” He held a rag over his nose as he took notes about the ruined carpet, the cat clawed doorjambs and cupboards, the vinyl torn away and covered with cat feces. Huge balls of fur, like dust bunnies on steroids, piled in the corners. Then he saw it. 
“Look at this.” He pointed to the black spots on the drywall inside the pantry. 
The realtor peered at it. “Mold. Must be where the cat peed.”
“Uh huh.” Nathan wrote it down on his pad. “And we’ll be sure to point it out to the bank, correct?”
“Absolutely.”
He finished his inventory and set the notebook on the kitchen counter. A cat jumped on the counter. Gray with white feet. “Who are you?” Nathan stroked her soft fur. 
“I believe that’s the perpetrator.” The realtor pet the cat. “I hear she was in here for a couple of months. When they opened the door, she shot out of here. The next door neighbor adopted her.”
“You’d think she wouldn’t have anything to do with this place.” He stroked her fur and she laid on her side. “You’re quite the survivor.” He bent down by her ear and whispered, “Thanks for the help.” 
“So, you want to make an offer?”
“Yep. Let’s make it seventy-five thousand, all cash; we can close in thirty days.”
“They’ll never get it to close in thirty days.”
“No, but it gives them a good feeling thinking they could.”
The realtor pointed at him. “You’re good.”
They signed the offer and headed to the front door when the cat shot out.
Nathan laughed. “He’s not going to make the same mistake again, is he?” 
Yes, the smell of cat pee was perfume to him. The mold made for a special bonus.
August 2008
Michelle stepped out of the car and surveyed the home with its pale yellow stucco, tile roof, and desert landscaping, neat as a pin with a small ‘Open House’ sign in the front yard. “I have a good feeling about this house.”
Toby held her hand. “I hope so. This is number what? One hundred?”
“No, silly. Twenty-three.”
They opened the door and a cat scooted in between them. “Hey,” Toby cried and tried to catch it. The cat ran inside and around the corner just as the realtor came around, a tall blond wearing a bright red suit. Her badge read, ‘Carla,’ and she smelled like she’d bathed in perfume.
She watched the cat scamper past, then extended her hand. “Welcome. May I help you?”
Michelle took her hand. “We’re looking for a house and this looks really good.”
Toby elbowed her. “That’s playing hardball, honey.”
“Come on in.” Carla extended her hand like she owned the place. “You’ll love this home.”
Toby said, “We seem to have let a cat inside.”
“Oh, that’s Mittens. She has quite a story.” The realtor escorted them to the kitchen. Mittens laid on the counter like the queen of the kitchen. Michelle stroked her fur, a thick, soft gray. She purred. Candles illuminated the kitchen, placed on the counters and oven. More candles burned on windowsills. The place smelled of new carpet and paint. And… something funny.
“I love the kitchen, very light, lots of cupboards.” She stroked the cat’s side. “And the back yard is landscaped.”
Carla said, “Come on, let’s go upstairs.” Michelle picked up Mittens and followed them. Carla touted the amenities, the neighborhood pools, rec center, and infrastructure. 
After a long and detailed tour of the house, the realtor escorted them back to the kitchen. “Well, what do you think?”
Toby and Michelle studied each other’s faces, looking for an indication that the other would confirm what they were thinking. Michelle finally said, “I love this place. We easily qualify for the price, can put over a fourth down, and I would love to live here.” She stroked Mittens’ fur, running a finger under her neck. “And the neighbors seems friendly.”
“I think we can agree to make an offer,” Toby said. “They want a hundred and five, right?”
“Honey, can’t we make a full price offer?”
“They can always counteroffer,” Carla interjected. 
October 2008
Michelle flopped into the couch next to Toby. “Moving is nothing but work.”
“It’s a lot cheaper than hiring it, though.”
She pet Mittens, who purred. “Looks like we have a friend.”
“I wonder where she lives.”
“Carla said next door.”
The doorbell rang. “I’ll get it. You rest.”
Toby stood and answered the door to an older Asian woman, short in stature. “I Mrs. Lee.” She extended her hand. “You see my cat?”
“Yes. Come on in.” Toby escorted her to the family room where Michelle was patting the cat’s head. “Looking for your friend?”
“You bad kitty,” Mrs. Lee said with a smile. 
“Would you like something to drink?” Michelle set Mittens aside and stood.
“Yes. Please. Tea?”
“Sure.” Michelle prepared the tea while Mrs. Lee told them the story behind Mittens. As they sat in the family room, Michelle said, “It’s amazing she would come in this house again.”
“Very special cat,” Mrs. Lee sipped her tea. “She know love. You love, she help you love more. You no love, she help you love less. You,” she held her cup to each of them, “much love. She make you more love, for sure. Much many babies. But maybe no. We have to get rid of her.”
“What?” Michelle held her protectively. 
“My mother. Lose house. Move in. Allergic to cat. Sneezing. Cat got to go.”
“Well… we could take her, couldn’t we, honey?”
“Uh, sure. Seems like a nice cat.”
Mrs. Lee finished her tea and went home to return with cat food, bowls, and a collar. Toby and Michelle thanked her, said goodbye, and shut the door. 
“Such a sweet lady,” Michelle said as she pet Mittens.
‘“Much many babies’?”
“Yes. I wondered about that.”
The End

Acknowledgments
The pit crew doesn’t get the accolades of the racer, but is vital to the team’s success. I appreciate my crew, including Miss Tazzie. You first helped me believe I could write. I appreciate you, Terry Burns (Hartline Literary, www.hartlineliterary.com), because more than anything else, you exude integrity. Thank you, Jami Carpenter (www.redpengirl.com); you make me look good without destroying my fragile ego. Susan Campbell, graphic artist extraordinaire, thanks for the fine cover art. Thanks to the Henderson Writers Group; you have aided and abetted in a big way, too. Myriad other people contributed to this work as well, and I respect you all.
A special thanks to my wife, Sherri, responsible for much of the inspiration, along with reading and critique. Thanks, honey, for riding along. It’s been quite a ride. 

About the Author
Kevin B Parsons has been published in numerous anthologies and magazines, including American Motorcyclist magazine. He’s a member of the Henderson Writers Group and American Christian Fiction Writers. He has also been a member of Toastmasters International since 2006.
He blogs twice a week, posts on Author Culture (www.authorculture.blogspot.com) and Geezer Guys and Gals (www.geezerguysandgals.blogspot.com). He’s a contributing writer to Choices eMagazine. 
Kevin has owned numerous businesses in the construction, motorcycle, and real estate industries, in Nevada, California, Washington, Oregon, and Arizona. He’s ridden and raced motorcycles his entire life and won the ‘Best in the Desert’ off-road championship in his class in 2003 and 2006. In May of 2013 he finished a ‘50 States in 50 Weeks’ Adventure.
If you’d like to “experience” the ‘50 States’ Adventure, visit kevinbparsons.blogspot.com, find the ‘archives’ button, and hit ‘50 States.’ You’ll discover over 400 entries for every day of the Adventure, and almost four thousand photos, too.
He currently lives in Brian Head, Utah, with his patient wife, Sherri.
Be sure to check out Volume IV …
Kevin Parsons would love to hear from you! 
Friend him on Facebook: KevinBparsons
Visit his website: http://www.kevinbparsons.com
Subscribe to his blog: http:// www.kevinbparsons.blogspot.com
