A Better Life
By Todd Sherrill

Copyright © 2016 Todd Sherrill
Smashwords Edition
This book is dedicated to my wonderful wife, Aline. 
None of this would be possible without your support. 
I love you baby.
Contents
Prologue
Part One: Mexico
Chapter 1: The Other Border
Chapter 2: Rule 16
Chapter 3: Battle Cry
Chapter 4: La Arrocera
Chapter 5: El Cobra
Chapter 6: Keep Motating
Chapter 7: This Might Sting
Chapter 8: Sleeping with the Dead
Chapter 9: MS-13
Chapter 10: We are Los Zetas
Chapter 11: Cuerno de Chivo
Chapter 12: Night Terrors
Chapter 13: Losing His Head
Chapter 14: Santa Claws
Chapter 15: High Mileage
Chapter 16: Unwelcome
Chapter 17: Alliances
Chapter 18: No Crossing Zone
Chapter 19: Plan B
Chapter 20: El Jefe
Part Two: Los Estados Unidos
Chapter 21: Crossing Over
Chapter 22: Into the Night
Chapter 23: The Shadow of Death
Chapter 24: Unmasked
Chapter 25: Deserted
Chapter 26: Cracked
Chapter 27: Old Friends
Chapter 28: Homecoming
Epilogue
A Note from the Author
PROLOGUE

Una vida mejor. A better life. 
That was the go-to response we all used when someone asked why we were on the migrant trail to the US. But to be honest, saying we’re trying to reach el norte because we’re in search of a better life is a pretty shitty answer to a pretty good question. 
A question that I wish I’d considered more seriously before I left my home in Honduras over three months ago. If I had known all the horrors I would go through to be here now, I might have preferred to take my chances with the maras (local street gangs) who ran things back home in the murder capital of the world. 
Oh did I forget to mention that? 
Yeah, my home town, San Pedro Sula, is the murder capital of the world. And as you might have guessed, that was a big part of why I left. 
Where I come from, kids basically have two choices: join one of the maras or die.
I didn’t like those options. So when I turned fifteen, I decided to see what was behind door number three, and set out on the trail north. That was ten years ago next week. Since then, I’ve been deported twice. Now, I’m hoping that the third time really is a charm.
“¡Vamanos cabrón!” the coyote said, waving his pistol at me. 
The metal glinted in the orange light of the setting sun. I wanted to say something back to him, some joke, I don’t know, just something to try and get on his good side, but by the time I thought of a response he had already gone off to rouse the others. 
“Let’s go pendejos!” he said..  “Let’s go! Let’s go! We need to be at the border before nightfall.”
I hefted the backpack they had given me off the dusty earth and slipped my arms through the straps, tightening them so my pack rested evenly across my shoulders. 
Simple as it may seem, this was an important step. Loose straps meant pressure on the lower back, which meant I would have less chance of making it through the week-long trek across the mountainous desert terrain. And in a group like this one, I couldn’t afford any weakness because, in groups like this one, weakness meant making the desert your final resting place. 
Once my pack was situated to my liking, I fell in with the others, who were already walking north through the brush. We marched in a single file line. No one spoke, not that anyone wanted to. We all came from different places, and weren’t here on holiday. 
Every one of us had traveled through hell to get here, and we still had a long way to go before we reached the promised land, where making money comes as easy as a summer breeze, and the girls love foreigners. At least that’s what people say, of course people tend to say a lot of stupid things that aren’t true, and stupider people tend to believe them. 
I knew better. All I know is that I have lost everything dear to me trying to get this far, so I’m going to see this thing through to the end. 
“Here we are,” the coyote said. He stopped a few meters away from the edge of a river bank. “Everyone keep together, and tread soft. No more talking from here on out. If you see the Power Rangers, hide but don’t run. If I have to chase you down…” He held up his gun. “Let’s just say you won’t be running anywhere after that. You got me?” He let his words sink in before turning to descend the steep banks of the Rio Bravo. “Vamanos burros.” 
We followed him into the river, holding hands as we crossed. The human train slinked away, pulling me into the rushing current. Icy water sucked the air from my lungs. The current was so strong that we had to walk sideways, and lean into it to keep from getting swept away, but we all made it across with no problems. 
So far, so good.
I stepped out of the water, into the crisp desert night. Now that the sun had gone down, the air that had been scorching only a few hours ago, had grown so chill that my nipples were nearly cutting holes into my shirt. My foot sank into the rocky sand on the American side of the border, and I couldn’t help but feel a little disappointed.
Here I was, in this group of misfits, nothing more than a human pack animal, blindly following a half-deranged man, who I didn’t know until this morning, into the empty desert night, all while carrying thirty kilos of pure Peruvian cocaine on my back. 
Yeah, so far, so good.
PART ONE
MEXICO
CHAPTER 1
The Other Border

3 Months Ealier…

Let me tell you what I know about Chiapas.
According to Wikipedia, it is Mexico’s southern-most state. It has a tropical climate and a population of 5,217,908 people. It’s the home of ancient Mayan ruins and many natural wonders.
Doesn’t sound so bad right? Wow, thanks Wikipedia! Congratulations, once again…for not knowing shit.
As soon as I get the chance, I’m going to update that page with a more accurate description. My version wouldn’t have any of that textbook nonsense in it, just the cold, hard, slap-you-in-the-face truth, exposing the state’s dirty underbelly. Matter of fact, I could probably fit it all in one sentence. 
Something like: Chiapas, Mexico’s southern-most state is the place where dreams go to die. No, that’s being too nice. It’s the place where dreams are murdered. No, it’s still not strong enough. It’s where dreams are slaughtered, and then their lifeless remains are dragged by the hair and dumped in mass graves, doused with gasoline, and burned to ash. 
Now that is the real Chiapas, a place where undocumented crimes happen to undocumented people. Extortion, robbery, rape, and murder are as common as the bananas growing on the trees, and nothing ever gets reported. 
It’s a criminal’s paradise, with a view. Buy your timeshare today!
Unfortunately, for Central American migrants like myself, the route to el norte ran right through Chiapas. Even more unfortunate was that soon I’d once again be entering that majestic Mexican state, but this time, I’d be taking my two younger cousins with me, and there was no way they were ready for the trip. It sucks, but what choice did I have? 
I sure as hell couldn’t stay in Honduras. My city has a Wikipedia page too, you know. And it says things like corruption, extreme poverty, and record levels of gang violence on there. So, yeah, staying home wasn’t an option. I knew from first-hand experience how that turns out.
When I got deported from the states about half a year ago, my uncle convinced me to stay in Honduras and help him with his business. 
“Come on Raul,” he said, squeezing my shoulder and pulling me close. “It’s only for a little while, just till the kids are big enough. With Sabrina gone, I could use all the help I can get.”
This was the man that raised me, and he had just lost his wife to cancer. How could I say no? 
Not five months after that conversation, I was holding him in my arms on the floor of his bodega, with my hands pressed to a dime-sized hole in his throat, trying to stop the bleeding. It didn’t help much, the blood just oozed between my fingers. 
I told my cousin, Carlos, to call an ambulance. He ran into the back office, where his little sister clutched the wall and screamed her head off. My uncle tried to talk, and blood spurted out of his mouth and onto my clothes. He looked lost, not quite able to grasp what was happening. 
I held his hand. “Don’t talk. You’re okay, Tio. You’re going to be okay.” He spit again. “Shhh. You’re okay. You’re okay.”
He wasn’t. His eyes had turned to glass before the ambulance got there.
He was the closest thing I ever had to a father, and now he is in a wooden box in the dirt. And For what? Because he didn’t have the money to pay the mara’s ever increasing ‘taxes’? Fuck that! He didn’t deserve to die, and his kids don’t either, which is why I’m taking them with me. 
Sure, I knew it’d be dangerous. It’d be real dangerous, but it was dangerous in Honduras too. At least this way we were doing something, trying to make a better life for ourselves, not just waiting around to get popped in the throat by some thug with a .22.
For us, it was el norte or nothing, and before there could be el norte there must be Chiapas.
So here I was, standing on a rickety dock made of wooden pallets, swaying in the current of the Río Suchiate, as I tried to haggle a decent price for passage across the river and into Mexico.
“¿Diez Dólares?” I asked, and swatted at the mosquitos swarming around my face. 
“Sí.”
I whistled to my cousins who were waiting on the riverbank, and waved them over. I dug in my wallet and handed the man the money.
“No, no, no. Ten dollars each.”
“What? That’s crazy. It’s ten total— for everyone.”
“No. Ten each,” the ferryman said.  He walked away from me, and plopped down on an overturned plastic milk crate. He crossed his arms and said,. “No puedo hacer nada menos.” That was Spanish for, “I’m an asshole, and am trying to price gouge you.”
“Forget it.” I waived my cousins back. They looked confused, but returned to the riverbank all the same. “Thanks anyway, but I think I’ll talk to someone else.”  I walked away.
“You won’t find anyone else cheaper.”
I turned back and flashed him a smile, “Okay. You have a good day, sir.” I turned back and continued down the dock, “Shithead.”
Welcome to El Carmen, Guatemala— ground zero for Central Americans on their way to the States. Before you could cross the northern border, you first have to cross the southern one. Guatemalan border towns are in what their government calls a ‘zone of tolerance,’ which basically means there is no law here, so feel free to do whatever the fuck you want. And that is exactly what people do. 
A huge secondary market that caters to migrants had popped up here in recent years. The place was a warm petri dish cultivating fraud and extortion. I knew that anything I bought around here would cost me, but also knew forking over so much cash so early in the trip could come back to bite us in the ass. 
So, I walked down the dirt road that ran along the riverbank, asking all the ferrymen along the way about their prices. Turns out the guy was right, no one was willing to pole us across for less. I couldn’t believe it. Not even two years ago I was here doing this same thing and it had cost only two dollars. How had the price gone up so much, so fast? 
It’s not like they had invested in new high-tech ferrying technology and were passing the price along to the consumer. Most of the rafts were just a couple of tire inner tubes lashed together with some scrap wood strapped on top, and a dude carrying a big stick to pole you across. 
There was one other option though: pateros. 
They got their name from the word for duck in Spanish, pato. These guys swim you across, towing the inner tubes behind them on a rope as they swim. They’re cheaper, but more dangerous.
Two things make hiring a patero dangerous. The first and most obvious, is that they swam holding the rope. If they let go, or the rope slips free, you could get swept away and carried downstream. And the second is that they didn’t work here near the bridge, where all the other ferrymen worked. They were further down the road, deeper into the wood-and-tarp shanty town that hugged the river’s edge— mara territory.
But wasn’t spending thirty dollars right out of the gate just to cross the river. So we would keep walking until we found the pateros. 
The sun was still low in the sky, and staining the clouds a purplish color. Dew coated the grass and trees. As we walked toward the pateros, the road curved so we could no longer see the river, though the thick fog up to our left let us know it was nearby. That, and the ever present smell of shit. 
A lime green low rider passed us with sureño music blasting. The bass rattled the truck’s tinted windows, and the trumpet’s shrill scream cut into my brain.
I pulled my cousins to me me. “Stay close. It’s not safe here.”
The truck weaved around potholes as it lurched out of sight, disappearing into the shacks. A large pile of trash burned beside the road, adding smoke to the fog, and a hint of burnt hair and plastic to the shit smell of the river.
Small 75cc motorcycles sped through the smoke, kicking up bits of orange dirt as they sputtered by. Most were mototaxistas carrying migrants from buses on the highway to the river’s edge. Chickens and goats walked aimlessly in the middle of the road. The motorcycles swerved around them. 
People walked up and down the street, selling all kinds of goods— from toothpaste, to maxipads, to bibles. A man walked by carrying a little grill on wheels with a sign that said, CHORIZO. My stomach growled, and mouth watered when I smelled the spiced sausages, but I didn’t dare ask the price. We had just passed an old woman standing next to an open styrofoam cooler selling water for six dollars— the same water we saw at the bus station in Guatemala City for two.
Young girls, around Victoria’s age, stood outside houses in short shorts and tube tops, wearing make-up. One of them called out to me.
“Hey chico! Fifteen minutes, 15 dollars!”
I ignored them and quickened my pace. I had known some bad places in Honduras, but man it was rough here. We passed a group of young boys, who ran up offering to carry our backpacks for us. Mind you, we didn’t even have backpacks. 
“No problem,” one of the boys said. “We can help you skirt la migra on the other side.”
“That won’t be necessary.”
He cursed me. Another one of them offered to sell me an apple. I said thanks, but no thanks. He spat at my feet and called me a dirty Central American good-for-nothing. Sweet huh?
 I wanted to be out of there so badly; that I nearly danced when I saw the pateros. A family of goats walked across our path, and I shooed them away. We approached a teenager standing in the shade of a large oak. He wore tighty-whities, stained brown from the dirty water of the river. Four inner tubes were stacked beside him. 
“You a patero?”
“Sí.”
“How much?”
“Siete dólares.”
“I only have four.”
“Seis.”
“Make it five?”
“¡Cerrado! Done deal!”
I paid him. He stuffed the money in some hidden fold of his underwear, and laid three of the inner tubes in the grass.
As he readied the inner tubes, I handed each of my cousins a plastic bag from my fanny pack.
“What’s this for?” Carlos said.
“Your clothes.”
“No wait,” I snatched the bag from Victoria. “You don’t need one. Just take off your shoes and roll up your pant legs.”
A couple of weeks ago, when I had decided to go north, I had long nights of internal debate over whether I should take my cousins with me or not. 
Carlos, was nearly a grown man. At 17, he was starting to flesh out that lanky adolescent body of his. I wasn’t worried about him. The problem was Victoria. 
I knew full well what happened to women who made the journey north. I didn’t want to hide it from her. The night before we left, I sat her down and told her the truth. I told her how nine out of ten women who make this trip are sexually abused in some way, many of them more than once. Women know going in that it isn’t a matter of if, just when. 
In fact, sexual extortion is so rampant that some women have begun to depend on it to survive. They use their bodies like credit cards to pay for protection, or a better spot on the train, or a warm meal. 
After I told this to her, she just sat there at the kitchen table, holding an empty water glass and fingering the faded Honduras National Football Team logo.
“This was my dad’s cup.”
“Vicky, are you listening to me? I’m talking about serious stuff here.”
“Yeah, yeah. I heard you.” She sat the cup down and walked into the living room. “Nine out of ten.” She flopped on the couch and shoved her face into the pillow, muffling her voice, “Not if but when. I got it.”
I sighed. What was I doing? She was only thirteen, her dad just died, and then I come along and tell her that, not only is she going to uproot her life and start all over in a new place where she doesn’t know anyone, not even the language, but then I add, oh and by the way, you’re pretty much guaranteed to be raped. Yay! Let’s go pack!
I knelt beside the couch and rubbed her back as she sobbed silently. 
“Do you know why I told you all that?”
“Because you hate me?”
“No, because I want to prepare you. All that stuff is true, and it could happen to anyone, but I have a few things in mind to make sure it doesn’t happen to you. You know how?”
She lifted her head, and wiped away the tears.. “How?”
“By playing chess while everyone else plays checkers.” I winked at her reached out a hand. “Come with me.” 
I took her to Carlos’s room and went through his things until I found some old clothes that would fit her. We put her hair up in a hat. Before long, she had transformed into a he.
“From now on, you are not Victoria, the weak little girl, the nine in ten. Now you are Victor, or maybe Vick, the one in ten.”
She looked in the mirror and smiled. “I do kind of look like a boy.”
“Kind of?” Carlos said. “You don’t have a feminine bone in your body.”
She threw the hat at him, and her hair fell.
I shook my head. It wasn’t good enough. I went into the kitchen and dug around in the drawer. When I came back I was carrying scissors. “If we are going to do this, we’re going to do it right.”
Since then, there have been no more training bras and panties for her, only baggy shirts, boxer shorts, and crew cuts. Of course she did cry when I cut her hair. But after the initial shock wore off, she took it pretty well.
And that was why today, Victoria stood on the riverbank as Carlos and I undressed and stuffed our clothes in plastic grocery bags. She stood there as Victor, the boy with close cropped hair and loose-fitting clothes. And Victor didn’t get a bag to put his clothes in. Instead, he knelt in the grass, removed his shoes, and rolled up his pant legs.
Once the rafts were ready we stepped into the sucking mud of the riverbank. Our feet crunched on plastic bottles and trash that coated the surface.  
The boy pushed  us into the milky green water until we floated.  He waded out in front, holding the rope over his head like a marine holding his gun in one of those old Vietnam War movies. He kept walking until the water was up to his chest. I felt the current tugging at us, pulling us away from him. He walked at an angle to compensate, leaning into the water. 
When he had walked as far as he could, he put the rope in his mouth like a horse chomping on a bit and started swimming. I hoped he had a strong jaw, or we’d be drifting off downstream into oblivion.
The water was full of ferries going to and fro. Some were manned by swimmers like ours, and others by ferrymen using canes to push people across, and still others by kids using bits of scrap wood as bootleg paddles.
A large raft approached us from the Mexican side. An old man with a thick beard sat on the raft with a rusty tricycle-style rickshaw, the back of it was stuffed full of cigarettes to sell on the Guatemalan side. He waved as he passed us on his daily commute to the office.
We neared the Mexican side of the border, and I scanned the shore for signs of la migra, the Mexican Immigration Authorities. Sometimes they would stage large scale raids here. They claim the raids are for deportation and border control, but everyone knew they were really a way for them to make their weekly bonus. Here, like in most third world countries, low-paid government employees relied on extortion as a form of supplemental income the way a waiter relies on tips in the states.
Once we were on the other side, the patero wished us luck and jumped in the water to swim back across. 
I helped Victoria out of her inner tube. She slapped my hands. “I can walk myself.”
“I know you can but you need to stay clean and it’s muddy here.”
“People are going to know I’m not a boy if you keep treating me like a girl. Stop it.”
“You’re right. Sorry.” I sat her down, but not until we were clear of the mud. 
Staying clean was a very important step to surviving this trip, and one that is often overlooked. Migrants are easy to spot, dirty clothes, and backpacks can give you away. 
That is why I insisted on cleanliness, and why we only carried what would fit in our pockets or in the fanny pack I wore. There would be no backpacks for us. They just weigh you down and make it harder to run— another thing we would be doing a lot of on this trip. A backpack could be the difference between you escaping la migra or not, between catching that train or not, between out running those bandits or not.
The key to surviving this journey was going unnoticed. If you stand out you are done, because even if la migra doesn’t get you, eventually the maras, or the carteles, or the banditos will. 
I got dressed quickly. Victoria and I waited on Carlos, who seemed to be taking his sweet time with everything.
“Let’s go. We need to keep moving.” I handed him his bag. 
“What’s the rush?”
“It isn’t safe here.”
“You keep saying that, but it’s not so bad. It’s better on this side of the border, and I’m tired. We’ve been walking all morning.”
“If you’re tired now, you’re going to be dead later because this is just the start.”
“Exactly, that’s why we need to rest.”
“Fine, but not here. Rule number four, Carlos.”
“Oh God, here we go with those stupid rules again.”
“Excuse me?”
“Nothing.”
“What is rule number four?”
He didn’t answer.
“What the hell? Did you read the rules I made for you?”
Carlos looked at Victoria. “Don’t look at me. I already know them all.”
“I wouldn’t say I read them, more like read over them.” 
“Damn it Carlos! I told you to memorize them.”
“Look cousin, I love you and all, and I don’t want you to take this the wrong way because I appreciate everything you are doing for us, but that list was a little on the crazy side.”
“How is it crazy? That is seriously important stuff.”
“It just seems strange. Having rules like that is…well, it’s paranoia.”
“No, having rules like that is life-saving.”
“I really don’t see how some rules on a napkin will save me from anything.”
“Did you or did you not agree to do exactly as I say on this trip?” 
“Yeah, but I didn’t realize you’d be writing textbooks and testing us all the time.”
“I’m not testing you. I’m trying to make sure you are ready. It’s this trip that will test you, and it’s going to test you more than anything you’ve ever experienced, trust me.”
“Aw come on, Raul. Lighten up.” he said. “I don’t need to memorize any of that stuff. If I need to know something you can just tell me.”
“And what if something happens to me? Huh? What then?”
“Don’t be ridiculous cousin. Nothing could possibly happen to you.” He walked over and patted my shoulder. “You know all the rules, remember?”
I fixed him with a flat gaze. “Get your shit and let’s go.”
He rolled his eyes. “Okay cousin. Whatever you say.” 
We left the river, passing in front of a large yellow sign with big blue letters, ‘Bienvenidos Paso del Coyote. Welcome to the Coyote passage.’
This was the official start of what is known in the south as la ruta del muerte, or the trail of death, and it marked the beginning our 2,300 kilometer voyage across Mexico. 
We cut through the city, making sure to keep to back streets and off main roads. We stayed away from any traces of la migra. After a couple of hours we came to the edge of the forest road that would make up the biggest part of our 25 kilometer hike to Tapachula. 
“Alright guys, now we can rest if you want.”
“Jesus, finally.” Carlos said. “My legs are numb.”
We all sat under the shade of a large tree and I passed around the 5 liter water jug I had picked up back in Guatemala. 
Carlos gulped the water, spilling it on his shirt.
“Easy now. That’s all the water we get until Tapachula.”
He slowed down the gulps and passed the jug to his sister; she drank, and passed it back to me. I took one slow sip. I let it sit in my mouth, under my tongue. I sloshed it around my cheeks and took a long slow swallow and replaced the lid.  
“So Carlos,” I said. “You never told me what rule number four was.”
“That’s because I don’t know what rule number four is.”
“Then why don’t you look it up?”
He huffed and dug through his pocket. “I can’t find the paper you wrote the rules on.”
“You can’t find it?”
“That’s what I said.”
“Alright then, we’ll do this the old fashioned way. Victor, can you please tell your jackass brother what rule number four is?”
“Rule four: Always keep moving at major crossing points. Don’t linger.”
“That’s right. Good job Vick. Now Carlos, I’m going to ask you again. This time I want a real answer, not any of those smart comments. Got it?”
“Got it.”
“So Carlos, tell me, what is rule number four?”
He said in a dull monotone, “Always keep moving at major crossing points. Don’t linger.”
“Ding ding ding ding! That’s right.” I punched Victoria on the shoulder. “Did you hear that? Hell must be freezing as we speak if Carlos got an answer right. Let’s see if he can do it again.”
“What’s rule number six?”
“I don’t know.”
“I know you don’t. That’s why we are doing this, because by the time we get on that train I’m going to be sure you know them all frontward and backward. Victor?”
“Yes?”
“Could you please give your paper with the rules on it to your brother? He needs to study.”
She pulled  the neatly creased paper out of her pocket and handed it to him.
 “Look over that,” I said. “Because in two more minutes we’re heading out, and you have a lot to learn before we get to Tapachula.”
CHAPTER 2
Rule 16

That afternoon was hot as shit. The sun cooked all the moisture from the ground, making the air steamy and hard to breathe. I’m no weather man, but my guess would be that it was at least forty degrees Celsius out here. 
We’d been hiking more than five hours now, and thirst had made my tongue fat and sour in my mouth, but I didn’t drink. The jug on my shoulder was more than half empty and we were less than half way to Tapachula. I needed to save what we had for my cousins.
“Once more,” I said. “From the top.” The dryness in my throat made my voice come out raspy and hoarse.
In unison, Victoria and Carlos said, “7-7-0-9-3-1-5-5-8-7. Thirteen Twenty-five Cloverdale Drive, Norcross, Georgia, 3-0-0-9-2.”
Victoria’s breathing had become so labored that I could barely hear her anymore.
“Hey Cousin,” Carlos said, “We need to rest.” 
He had his shirt tied around his head like a bandanna. It was dripping with sweat. Victoria was no better off. 
I walked into the shade and found a place to sit. “Alright, but we’ve got to make it quick. I don’t want to be stuck out here after dark.”
I passed the water to Victoria. She leaned against the tree and drank deep. When she’d had her fill she passed it to Carlos. 
“It’s hot,” she said.
“I don’t care; I’m about ready to drink piss.”
“Then you’re going to love this. Here.” She handed him the jug.
He drank and handed it to me. I took a long slow swig. Mmm, hot water on cottonmouth…delicious! I took one more slow sip and closed the bottle.
Carlos laid spread eagle on his back with his hands under his head. “How much longer do we have to go?” 
“I’m not sure, but we haven’t made it half way yet.”
“Are you serious?” Victoria said. 
“Yeah, we will be half way when we cross the creek by the old cattle ranch, and we haven’t gotten there yet, but I don’t think it’s far.”
“Man,” Carlos said. “Mexico sucks. I thought it was hot in Honduras but, fuck, this place is hell.”
I looked at the forest around us. “Once we get out of these hills it’ll be easier. After the ranch, the path flattens out for a while. Then we’ll have another 5 or 6 hours to go.”
“Fuck!” Carlos said.
“I told you this wasn’t going to be easy. You said you could handle it.” I looked into the distance. “You going to handle it or what?”
“Yeah,” Victoria said.
“Do I have a choice?” Carlos said.
“No.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to.”
“Good, because I think the ranch is right over there.” I offered a hand to Carlos and pulled him to his feet. “So stop your bitching and let’s get going. The sooner we get to Tapachula the sooner we can relax.” 
I turned and started back down the trail. “Let’s do the rules again. Number 8.”
Carlos groaned. Even Victoria had lost her enthusiasm for this game. I knew the repetition was tedious, but I didn’t know any other way to teach them this stuff. These rules were the synthesis of everything I had learned on my two trips north, and I knew something that they didn’t. I knew that very few people who start this journey together finish it together. I wanted them to be prepared for the possibility of us getting separated. 
Before long we came to a barbed wire fence. I held the bottom wires up for them while they slipped under. “This is the ranch, which means that just over that little hill there is the creek. The creek is half way.” 
Once they were under the fence, Carlos held it for me and I slid under. We crossed the creek and the land opened up in front of us. Long meadows made the walking easier, but the sun harder. 
I wasn’t sure what time it was because I didn’t wear a watch, or bring a cell phone (the less you have, the less people mess with you), but I could see that the sun was well into its descent— not good. 
“We need to pick up the pace. It’s getting late.” 
I led the way setting a strong pace for us, but nothing they couldn’t handle. Like I said, it was flatter here. And even though the sun was harsh, there was a nice breeze which made it more bearable. Cows watched us pass as they chewed on their clumps of grass.  
My cousins finished reciting their rules. 
“Good job. You are getting better. Now do it again. From the top.”
“Come on, Raul,” Victoria said. “You know we know it. Can we just walk for a little while? Please.”
“No. There might come a time where this information saves your life.”
Most migrants enter this journey without any idea what they are doing. They come in without knowing phone numbers, or addresses of their contacts in the states. 
On my first trip, I didn’t know where I was going. I had no address, just a phone number on a small piece of paper I kept in the coin pocket of my pants. At the time, the train line from Tapachula to Arriaga was out because a hurricane had torn up the tracks, so I had to walk more than two hundred kilometers to Arriaga. On the third day into the trip, the group I was with was robbed. The gangsters took my pants, and with it the only contact information I had of my family in the US. I had to go back to Honduras, and start again. 
I wanted to make sure nothing like that happened to my cousins. They would be prepared if it killed me.
So I said, “Let’s do it all again from the top.”
They droned in unison, “7-7-0…”

Four hours had passed and things were becoming much more suburban. At the beginning of our hike we had passed more cows than houses, but over the last hour or so the cow-to-house ratio had inverted itself. A couple hours before sunset, as we cut through a neighborhood in development, I crested a hill and saw Tapachula sprawling in the valley below us. 
Carlos and Victoria came up behind me. “Rule number 5: Never trust anybody. Especially the—” 
“Hey!” I said. “We finally made it.”
“That’s it?” Carlos said. “That’s Tapachula?”
I nodded and slapped him on the back. 
“It looks so small,” Victoria said.
“Good job you two,” I said. “You’ve earned some rest. Let’s sit a minute.”
They sat and I passed around crackers and what was left of the water. 
“You guys see that black line cutting through the city?” I pointed in the distance. “That’s la bestia. That’s how we will get to el norte.” 
They stared reverently at it as they munched. 
Everyone in Central America had heard tales of the line of freight trains that migrants used to carry them across the length of Mexico. It had many names. Most people called it la bestia, the beast, though some had other names for it— things like el tren de la muerte (the train of death), or el devoramigrantes (the migrant eater), among others. As these names might suggest, it wasn’t the safest route in the world, but it was the best route for avoiding la migra, so it was the one we would take.
Most of the stories that you grow up hearing about la bestia are horror stories. Everyone in Central America knows someone, a friend or family member, who has gone north. Some of them come back to tell tales of things they have seen. Stories of people falling from the train and getting dismembered by the wheels are the most common, but there are others. Sometimes you hear tales of kidnappings and ransoms. Other times it is people being killed for some shoes, or a blanket, or a box of cookies. And every now and again you even hear tales of torture and mass murder.
You know that part in the bible, the part that says as I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear no evil? Well, Mexico is that valley and la bestia is how we walk through it, but this isn’t the bible. And I don’t care how religious you are, or how much you think God is with you, when you’re on la bestia, you’re on your own. On la bestia, your connection to salvation goes out of range and your prayers don’t get sent. You go into roaming, and have no bars. Pray all you want, but the big bearded man on the other end won’t receive the message, because you are in a dead zone. 
And you do fear the evil that makes the air grow thick and your lungs tight. It’s there, it’s tangible. But you don’t know where it is. It could be lurking around the bend in the track up ahead, in the boxcar behind you, in the person beside you. Your time can come at any time, and it can come in some gruesome ways if you aren’t vigilant.
That’s why they call migrants pollos (which is Spanish for chickens). We are always jerking our head at every sound, eyes wide, ready to run. And the smugglers are known as coyotes— the wily desert animal, which sneaks through the fence in the night and runs away with the chickens. Some people trust coyotes to take them safely north, but I don’t because I know why he does it. 
When a coyote runs off into the night with his chickens, he isn’t doing it to set them free. He is preying on them.

We arrived at the casa de las migrantes in Tapachula around dusk. It was situated in the grey-green industrial zone of the city. Everything was metallic and cold. Along the way we passed through a central square that was filled with beggars, all of them missing limbs. Some missing all four. It looked like the post-op ward of a hospital in a war zone. These were the victims of la bestia.
The casa de las migrantes was a kind of halfway house, run by a local church, for migrants making their way north. It’s a place where you could rest after the long hike from the border, fill your belly with rice beans and tortillas twice a day, and have a place to sleep. If you were lucky, you could snag one of the 16 bunk beds in the two guest houses. When there was limited space (which was pretty much all the time) you might be on a bedroll or pieces of cardboard laid out on the aged orange tiles of the back porch.
When we got there we had to wait in line almost half an hour to sign in. In the line, we talked to a group from El Salvador. They had made the hike from Ciudade Hidalgo. They were sitting against the house barefoot. Their feet covered in white talcum powder to dry out their blisters. The father used a bobby pin to repair the broken thong of the cheap rubber sandals he wore. He tapped on the pin with a rock as he told us how they had already been robbed twice and they hadn’t even been on the train yet.
“Not ten minutes from the river,” he said. “La migra herded us into an abandoned gas station and forced us to give them all our money.” He tapped the pin with the rock. “So later when we were cutting through the forests on the way here, and we were assaulted by bandits. We didn’t have anything to give them, so they gave us a beating.” He paused from his tapping to show me the cut on his eye, and a smile with three missing teeth. “They put the gun into my mouth and said, ‘Bite it! Bite it! So you know this isn’t a dream.’ I thought at that moment, I would die there. Gracias a Dios, they let us go after they’d had their fun.” 
His daughter and wife lowered their heads, and he didn’t say anything else. 
When we got to the front of the line, we were brought into a small office to speak to an old lady with wispy black hair and thick glasses that made her eyes look gigantic.
She smiled and in soft sing-songy Spanish she said, “Please come in. Take a seat.” 
There were only two chairs. I stood, and let my cousins sit. The hike had been harder on them than me.
“My name is Olivia Martín. I’m the director here. Before we can give you a space, we need some information about you, so we have a record of your stay.”
“Why do you need to keep records of us?” Carlos asked.
“Carlos!” I said, and smacked him in the back of the head. “Show some respect.” I apologized to the director.
“No, no, it’s fine. We collect information on every migrant who stays with us. Why? So that when something happens to them on the trail, we have a record saying,” she picked up the form and tapped it with her finger in time with her words, “He. Was. Here.” She sat the form down, lining the edges up with the papers underneath. “We find it helps give the families some solace if they come looking. It gives them an idea of where they have gone and may help them find out what happened.” 
Carlos swallowed hard. There would be no more smart-ass remarks out of him for a while.
She picked her pen up and held it over a blank on the page. “So, I need names. Let’s start with you, sir.” 
“Raul Ramirez.”
“And are these two your siblings?”
“They’re my cousins.”
We went on another couple minutes answering her questions while she filled out the form. Then we stood against a white wall and she took a picture of each of us. After that she gave us a stamp on our hand, like a bouncer at the door of a night club.
“The maximum stay we can allow is three days. Dinner is served at 7pm.” She looked at her watch. “Which is in about ten minutes. You guys made it here just in time. The dining hall is next door.”
She ushered us out, and ushered the next person in.
The dining hall was a long room with metal folding chairs that sat under plastic folding tables that sat under humming florescent lights. There was a kitchen in the back where two old ladies in hair nets toiled over giant steaming pots. 
Before dinner, all thirty or so migrants, plus the four shelter workers, stood in the center of the dining hall in a large circle, or really it was more of an oval. We locked hands and bowed our heads while the founder of the shelter, Father Alfonso Garcia, said grace.
The room grew quiet. A rusty fan whopped softly from where it was mounted on the corner wall and the priest started into his prayer. I’m sure it was eloquent and inspirational, but the rumbling in my stomach didn’t let me hear a word of it. As he droned on, I raised my head and opened my eyes. Most of the people were praying, but I caught a few others looking at the far wall where the food sat on one of the tables. I could smell the refried beans from here and it made my mouth water.
“In the name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost, Amen.”
“Amen,” the room said in unison.
I snapped out of my trance and gave a rushed Amen, a little too late and out of sync, but no one seemed to notice. Within seconds of the priest ending the blessing, the room erupted with the sound of metal chair legs sliding against tile floors. 
A shelter worker said something about sharing with people if we couldn’t eat everything on our plates. There was little chance of that happening here. People told jokes, people laughed at jokes, and small talk was exchanged, but once the food was served all that talking stopped and the only sounds were of forks and knives scraping dishes. As the refried beans, rice, and tortillas disappeared from plates, people found their voices again.
After dinner we stayed at the table, and I did what all smart migrants do in these shelters. I listened and asked questions. If you ask the right questions, to the right people, you could learn priceless bits of information in places like this.
When I was younger, I played a video game where you had to go on quests. To succeed on the quest you had to stop at a tavern and get information from the townspeople. Each person would give you a little nugget of information that would help you on the quest. Once you had spoken to enough of them, it was much easier to do the quest because you knew what supplies you needed, what routes to avoid, and what to expect.
I treated migrant shelters the same way. I was on a quest to survive a battle with the beast. I knew that the little nuggets of information I gathered here might be the difference between making it to the next checkpoint and respawning at the Rio Suchiate to try again.
The best people to talk to were the ones who had just been deported by la migra and were on their way north again because they had the freshest information. 
Most people told me things I already knew. A dark skinned Salvadoran woman, who had left her kids behind to find work in Los Estados Unidos, told me to watch out for Los Zetas in Veracruz. A bone-thin Honduran boy, traveling with his younger and even thinner brother, told me to be careful of bandits in La Arrocera. A mestizo farmer from Guatemala, traveling with his whole family, told me to be wary of the maras that sneak on the trains in Arriaga. 
None of this was information was new to me. Every migrant knew to beware of the Zetas, a drug cartel based in Veracruz, who were infamous for kidnappings. The checkpoint in La Arrocera had been in migrant lore for ages as one of the most dangerous places on the route north. And Arriaga was well known as a staging point for assaults on the trains. 
The first person to give me any real information I could use was an older man named Jorgé. He was originally from Honduras, but he’d been living in Houston, Texas, for the last twelve years. He had a good job and a good wife waiting for him back in the states. He showed me pictures of his kids, and proudly boasted that all three were US citizens.
He told me to avoid the migrant shelter in Ixtapec. La migra will sometimes raid the shelter and deport everyone. That’s what happened to him not even a week ago. 
“The police locked us in a room and told us if we wanted to continue north we each had to pay 1000 pesos.”
“What did you do?”
“What could I do? I paid. So did everyone else. Those who didn’t have the money gave everything they had.” His upper lip curled into a snarl and he shook his head. “The fucking migra sons of bitches deported us anyway.”
Sucks for him, but good to know. Looks like we’ll need to find other sleeping arrangements in Ixtapec.
I also talked to a young Salvadoran guy, wearing a worn out polo shirt and rubber sandals. I think his name was Pedro, or maybe it was Pablo, it doesn’t really matter. What matters is what he told me. 
When he’d arrived in Tapachula he’d missed the train by a couple of days. That was three days ago. This was the last night he would be allowed to stay at the mission, and he was praying that a train would come tonight because anywhere else he found to sleep would leave him vulnerable to bandits and la migra.
Again, that sucks for him, but is good for us. Trains pass through this area every 6-10 days. So if the last one came five days ago, my cousins and I had a good chance of catching the next one before our stay at the shelter was up.  
That wasn’t all the news I got from him though. He told me a story about something that had happened to him on his second attempt north that made an impact on me. 
I stood with him on the back porch. It was well past dark, and a few minutes before lights out. Carlos had already passed out on his cot in the guest room. Victoria was with me. The Salvadoran leaned against the wall and packed a box of cigarettes into the palm of his hand.  
“I was traveling north with a group of seven in a boxcar. Somewhere between Cordoba and Orizaba the train stopped. In the night a coyote piled a group of twenty into the car.” 
He pulled out a cigarette and lit it. “We were approaching a checkpoint and I guess he wanted to hide his pollos.” He took a puff on his cigarette. The tip flared, and I could hear the tobacco crackling. He breathed deep, exhaled the smoke out his nose, and continued, “So he slides the door closed, and I hear him fiddling with the door handle, but I think nothing of it. Probably just making sure it’s closed, you know? So anyway, we get to the checkpoint, and the train stops, and we sit there terrified, silent, hoping la migra won’t inspect our car.” 
He sucked in on the cigarette and spoke his next words withheld breath, “And it’s fucking hot in that car.” He let out the air in a puff of smoke. “So we stay quiet for a little bit, but after a while it was too much. I wasn’t going to die in there, cooking like a chicken for these assholes and their coyote. So I go to open the door, just a crack, just a little— to let some fresh air in, you know? But when I go to open it, the damn thing is stuck.” 
He took another puff, then spit into the dirt, and rubbed it into the ground with his sandal. “Turns out, the fucking coyote locked the door and ran off. Maybe he was trying to make it look less suspicious; maybe he was robbing his pollos. I don’t know what happened, and it doesn’t matter either way. But we start screaming when we figure this out, because we know we’re going to die in there. We already drank up all the water and all of us were pouring so much sweat that the air was getting hard to breathe.” 
He took another puff. “No one heard us though, because the train had started up again. We rode for six hours in there, before the next checkpoint. People fell to their knees praying for God to stop the train, but he wasn’t listening. People got into fistfights trying to suck what small amounts of air they could get from little rusted out holes in the back of the car.”
He paused and stared off into the distance of memory. The yellow incandescent light over the door way behind us tinged softly as bugs kamikazied themselves into it, bounced off, then looped back around to do it again. He took a long drag on the cigarette.
“A few hours into it a girl collapsed on the floor. At first people tried to help her, giving her what water they had, and helping her sit up and whatnot. Eventually though, they just left her there. Some of them even used her as a kind of step ladder so they could get to the air holes that were higher up. By the time we got to the checkpoint, at least ten people had dropped to the floor. I’ve never been so happy to see la migra in my life.” 
He took a final puff on his cigarette. “That’s why I don’t ride in boxcars anymore.” He pointed at us. “And if you’re smart, you won’t either.”
“Why do you keep trying to go north after going through all that?” Victoria asked.
He twirled his spent cigarette in his fingers and sucked at his teeth. “The maras burned my store to the ground. They killed my brother, told me I was next. This is my fourth attempt to make it to el norte in four weeks, and I’m not stopping until I either make it or I die. There is no going back for me.”  
He flicked the cigarette into the courtyard and went inside.
I stayed on the porch, thinking about what he’d said. We weren’t the only ones running from something. I was so thankful to have people like him that go through this stuff and share their experiences, because just like everyone else’s stories, what sucks for him is good for us. It lets us know what to expect. It prepares us, so we know what we need to complete our quest. 
“Hey Vick?”
“Yeah?”
“You got your list of rules with you?”
“Yeah.”
“Do me a favor and add another one to the list will you?”
“Sure, what is it?”
“Rule 16: Never ride in boxcars.”

Sleep came easy, and deep. The next day I woke to find that Pedro’s wish hadn’t been granted. No trains had arrived in the night. He would have to leave the shelter after breakfast.
It was early, but the shelter was already full of movement. People were trying to get a jump on the day. Some were showering, others washing clothes in the sink outside, others were preparing their packs to be ready in case the train came. 
As we waited for breakfast to be prepared, I took my cousins over to a wall near the office where I had seen a map of Mexico last night. Moisture had caused the wall’s pale blue paint to bubble up and flake in places, exposing the faded pink paint underneath. The map was covered in plastic and scotch taped on the wall, but it was still permanently browned by fingerprints. All the main routes had been etched into the plastic, and there were notes with distances scratched into the margins telling how many kilometers it was from here to the border for each route.
“Which way are we going to go cousin?” Carlos said.
“This one.” I traced my finger along the well-worn plastic. “We will go from here to Medias Aguas. From there we will get a train to Lechería, and from Lechería we can go all the way to Nuevo Laredo on the border. But the most dangerous stretch is here.” I tapped on the map. “In the first half of the trip. Once we get past Lechería, it is smooth sailing.” 
“How long will it take us to get there?” Victoria asked.
“Well if everything goes smoothly,” I thought about it a moment, “we could probably make it to the border in three weeks or so.”
“And if it doesn’t go smooth?” Carlos asked.
“More.”
“Like what? A month?”
“No. More.”
“Two months?”
“Probably more than that.”
“More than two months! Jesus, how long?”
“I don’t know, but a long time. Let’s not think about that though. We just have to take it one step at a time. First we need to get on the train, and then we have to get past La Arrocera, which might be the most dangerous part of the whole trip. But let’s not worry about that just yet. Right now we have more pressing concerns…like breakfast.”
We went to the dining hall and ate bread and drank coffee. I looked around the room for Pedro. I wanted to say goodbye and wish him luck, but I didn’t see him anywhere. He must have already left. 
After breakfast, we went to the chapel to pray. Victoria and Carlos sat solemnly in the pews while I lit a candle to the Virgin Guadalupe, the patron saint of Mexico. I always thought these shrines were pretty cheesy, and praying to saints kind of silly. Why should I pray to a saint when I can cut the middle man and pray straight to God? It seemed foolish to me. But in situations like this, you want to hedge your bets so I lit my little candle, and asked the little goofy looking statue to please see us through this journey across her country safely. 
I hadn’t even completed my request when I heard shouting in the courtyard outside. I cut off my prayer and opened my eyes. I looked behind me, and out the doorway. People were running past the chapel, hoisting backpacks on their shoulders, and dragging children behind them. Was it la migra? Maybe they were raiding the place like they did in Ixtapec with Pedro.
A woman in a dirty t-shirt stopped as she ran past the doorway to the chapel and said, “¡El tren! ¡El tren! The train! The train! Hurry or you’ll miss it!”
In the distance, I heard the hollow howl of whistle. My heart rate quickened. 
The time had finally come for us to face the beast.
CHAPTER 3
Battle Cry

The whistle blew long and low. Everything in my body told me to run, to sprint to the tracks, but I knew better. It was time for calculated action, not instinct. 
“Okay,” I said. “You two follow me, and do exactly as I say.”
My cousins nodded, both of them looked scared enough to piss themselves. We walked briskly across the courtyard of the shelter. The place was emptying fast. 
Once outside the shelter wall, we could see the tracks about a hundred yards away. The train rumbled from the tree line and passed the shelter. People ran along side it. They jumped on ladders, shimmied up rungs, tossed up bags; shouted at each other.
I took my time, looking at the rail cars so I could decide which one I would aim for us to catch. It was an important decision that too people leave to chance. But after two trips north I had learned the hard way that leaving these things to chance does nothing but increase your chances of getting deported.
I had my eye on a gray boxcar, but not to ride inside, after the story Pedro told me last night I doubted I’d ever climb inside a boxcar again. I wanted to ride on top. 
Boxcars are great because they are really tall, so tall that the ladders on the side don’t go all the way to the top. Climbing the rest of the way up there on a fast moving train can be inconvenient to say the least, but that inconvenience is also one of the boxcar’s greatest assets. Few people are willing to risk climbing on them to see who is up there. Sometimes even the police and la migra prefer to just check inside, and don’t bother climbing up. And once you are up top, you can see everything. No one can get the jump on you. 
The problem with boxcars though is that there is nothing to hold on to, just smooth ribs of corrugated metal. So it can be tough when riding through a forest of trees and the branches come sweeping across. Plus there are the occasional high tension wires crisscrossing the tracks. I have heard that the electricity from the wires can arc up to a meter, so you have to be careful, but everything on the train is a trade-off. Nothing is perfect, and I prefer to take my chances with the trees and the wires. I knew how to handle them, they were predictable. It was the unpredictability of the people on the train that worried me.
“Let’s go for that grey one there,” I said.
We started jogging, but a group of people in front of us were already scrambling to climb up the grey box car. That wouldn’t work.
“Hang on,” I said, slowing my pace. “Let’s look for a different one.”
A fuel car was next. I didn’t like them very much. They were oval shaped and the rounded sides made it hard to move to adjacent cars if you got in trouble. I slowed to let it pass. Two kids were lying under the car on the metal shock absorber that rested between the axles. I never understood how someone could stay down there. I’m sure it was a great hiding place, and bandits weren’t going to get you, but if the train jerked to one side or another, or if you dozed off for a second, you were as good as dead.
Next up was a rusted red hopper. That would do. 
All hoppers had two ladders on each side, one in front and one in back. I always chose to board on the back, because it would be in front of me as I ran, all I had to do is reach out and climb on. Some people (I don’t know why) liked to run up to the train at a 90 degree angle, and turn to jump onto the front ladders. To me, that was absolutely crazy, if you made a mistake, or slipped, or timed it wrong, you would fall directly in line with the front wheels of the car. 
At least if I went for the back ladder and missed, I’d still have about four meters of space between me and the first set of wheels of the next car. In reality, it might not be enough to do anything with, but then again, it might be all you need to snatch an arm, or leg out of the way.
As soon as the front of the hopper passed us, I leaned over to Carlos and shouted in his ear. “This is the one. You go first. Like we practiced: inside arm, jump, tuck. Got it?”
He nodded.
I pushed him forward. “Go!”
He sprinted up the gravel embankment that lined the sides of the tracks, and started running along the ends of the railroad ties. He matched the speed of the train, and like he’d done it a thousand times before, he grabbed onto the ladder and hopped up. No problem. 
He climbed the ladder and stepped off onto the small metal platform on the back of the hopper, and waved Victoria on.
I leaned over and said into her ear. “You’re up kid. Remember, match the train’s speed, inside arm, jump, tuck. You got this.” I gave her a nudge.
She stumbled up the embankment and fell behind a little. She timed her stride to the ties. Her shorter legs made easy work of it and she found her pace. Soon she had caught up to Carlos and was preparing to board. 
I ran up the gravel embankment and fell in behind her. 
Carlos knelt on the platform, ready to help her up. “Inside arm!” he said. “Remember to use your inside arm!”
She matched speed with the train and reached out with her inside arm and grabbed hold of one of the low rungs, but the train had started to speed up. It was pulling away from her. She had to jump now or she would fall.
“Now!” I shouted. “Jump! Jump with everything you’ve got!”
She took two more big strides and leaped. She grabbed hold of the ladder with her other arm, but she forgot to tuck her legs. They were just dangling there. 
“Pull yourself up!” I said. 
“I can’t. It’s pulling me.”
“Tuck your legs to your chest and pull!”
“I’m trying,” She screamed.
“God damn it, Vicky! Go!” I said. “The train is speeding up!” 
I ran faster.
Carlos grabbed her by the forearms. He yanked her onto the platform, pulling her up with all his weight. He fell backwards, and she crashed on top of him.
While they were struggling to get to their feet on the narrow platform, I was struggling to maintain the speed of the train. I was already sprinting, but I could sense the train pulling away from me. 
Pace and timing were everything here. The ties were roughly spaced every couple of feet, and once you got the stride you could keep it up alright without looking, but it wasn’t a good idea to push your luck. The ties were still slimy with dew from this morning, so I stayed extra conscious of my feet. One slip, one false step, and I was done.
I ran faster, trying to close the gap between me and the ladder, but the damn thing was moving farther away, not closer.
Fuck!
The train was still speeding up. These assholes did this sometimes, if they were in a place that was known to have a lot of migrants, the engineers would drive well above the speeds allowed within city limits as a way to prevent people from boarding. The worst part was the goddamn strategy was working, at least on me.
“Come on cousin!” Carlos said. 
“Yeah come on!” Victoria echoed. “You can do it!” 
They were already a couple of feet farther away from me than they had been a moment ago. I was trapped in no man’s land, running parallel to the coupler between two cars, the ladder was too far in front of me to reach, and no matter how much harder I ran, the ladder and my cousins inched farther and farther away from me. 
Unless I magically turned into an Olympic sprinter, there was no way I was going to make it to the ladder on the hopper. 
“I can’t make it guys.”
“Yes you can!”
“Yeah, you can do it!”
“I’m going to catch the next car.”
“Okay,” Carlos shouted, “but hurry, we are almost at the bridge.” 
Fuck! I had forgotten all about the damn bridge. The train started around a slow curve and I had to run even faster just to maintain the same pace because the spacing of the ties was longer on the outside edge of the curve. 
I felt something like bee stings hitting my shins. Trains on curves tended to throw up sparks. Double fuck! I didn’t need that right now. 
The train sped up even more, and so did I.
A white fuel car approached. Fuel cars were unique, not only in that they were rounded, but that most of them had a single ladder on each side in the center of the car, not in the front and back like most cars. I hoped that would make things easier for me.
As the train came out of the curve the ladder of the car came into the view of my peripheral vision; so did the steel girders of the bridge looming a few hundred meters ahead. Funny, that bridge looked so far away when we left the shelter this morning. 
If I didn’t get on this car before I got to the bridge, there was no getting on. I would be left behind, which meant I would be leaving my cousins behind, which meant they would have to face this horrible journey alone, and I wasn’t going to let that happen. I was getting on this fucking train if it killed me!
The fuel car was gliding by me too fast. The fucking train was still accelerating! I ran harder, pushing, panting. The lower ribs on my right side felt like someone was digging a hot fire poker into them and twisting it around. I pressed my fingers deep into my side to alleviate the pain.
I ran wildly now, blind with fear of leaving my cousins behind. I watched the ladder of the fuel car coming. God damn it, the car was going fast. 
This was it, decision time. If I went for it and missed, I’d die, or at least lose a limb. So I’d probably still die, it would just be a little later. If I didn’t go for it, I would be alive, but alone, and my little cousins would probably die. The only way to get through this without people dying was to go for it. I would have to try and time my jump, to catch the ladder as it flew past me.
The time came, the ladder passed, and I lunged.
Now, under ideal conditions I would be jogging alongside the train at the same speed as the train, real smooth and steady, and when I was ready, I would reach out with my inside arm (always the inside arm, never the outside, that would be suicide) and grab onto the ladder. Then I would keep running next to the train for a few steps. Then I’d casually hop up, grab the nearest rung with my other arm and kind of swing my legs up.
But these weren’t ideal conditions. Right now the train was speeding past me at nearly double my speed, and I wasn’t steadily jogging alongside it, I was in a crazed sprint on slippery uneven railroad ties. But, I was determined not to let this mother fucking train leave Tapachula without me.
When the car whipped past, I snatched at the ladder, and grabbed hold of the second rung from the bottom.
Yes! Got you mother fucker!
I had that bitch locked in a level-seven kung-fu grip, and there was no way that was coming loose… or so I thought.
 But it turns out the train was going pretty damn fast, and I wasn’t quite prepared for the speed at which it would jerk me forward and pull me with it.
Shit-shit-shit-shit-shit-shit-shit!
My legs couldn’t keep pace and after a step or two they were flopping out of control. I held on as hard as I could, feeling the heat of the wheels at my ankles. The air passing under the train created a vortex, a vacuum threatening to pull me under. The beast had opened its mouth and was trying to suck me into the gaping hole filled with gnashing metal teeth.
I guess I should have upgraded my kung-fu grip to the level-eight before the trip, because my level-seven was faltering. Only three fingers held the rung, and they were slipping. 
Shit-fucking-shit-fuck!
I squeezed my eyes closed, preparing for the inevitable. This was it. I had failed. I was going to die here.
I felt it slip, and in that last second before my grip gave way someone clamped down on my forearm. First one hand, then another. I opened my eyes. Carlos.
He was kneeling on the one foot wide metal platform at the base of the fuel car. He heaved me up enough for me to get a grip with my right hand.
“Hurry! The bridge!” 
You remember that bridge from earlier? You know the one— made of iron, far away, passed over a river at the bottom of a ridiculously high cliff. Well, it wasn’t far away anymore. And I wasn’t going to make it to the platform before the train got to it. I locked my arms around the ladder at the elbow, and crunched my abs to pull my dangling legs under the small platform where Carlos sat, and I held on as tight as I could. 
The wheels churned less than two meters away. I felt their heat on my ankles, the wind pulling me. Carlos let go of me, and curled up against the fuel car. 
Shit, here it comes. I clamped my eyes shut and flattened my body against the ladder. The train sped across the bridge, and the first steel girder whipped by me— Whunk! 
Holy shit that was close! I felt the girder tugging on my flannel shirt as it passed just inches from my back. Whunk! Another I beam whipped past me, and another, and another. Whunk! Whunk!
Fuck me! Whunk! Whunk! Whunk! 
I didn’t know how long I could keep this up. My lower abs ached. It was all I could do to keep my feet up and out of the way. Whunk! Whunk! My body trembled as I tried to stay pressed against the ladder, and with each passing beam my grip loosened a fraction more. Whunk! Whunk! Whunk! 
Mother fucker! That last one almost got me. I felt it scraping the top part of my ass. I gritted my teeth and cried out as I redoubled my effort to stay flat. Whunk! Whunk! Whunk! Whunk!
Jesus Christ! How long is this fucking bridge?
Whunk! Whunk! Whunk!
And then silence. Well, not exactly silence, the train was loud as fuck, but there was no longer the sound of the I-beams passing by.
I opened my eyes, and looked down the tracks. No more bridge. I tried to lift myself but couldn’t.
Thank God I had Carlos there to help me up, because I barely had the strength in me to climb the rest of the way. He grabbed hold of my shoulders and pulled me while I crawled onto the platform to sit next to him.
Out of breath, and dizzy with exhaustion I patted him on the shoulder and said, “How bad ass was that huh? I should be an action hero.”
He laughed weakly and leaned his head against the metal tanker. “Yeah, except for the part where you screamed like a girl.”
“Who was screaming?”
“You were. At the end there.”
“You’re crazy. That was a battle cry.”
“A little high pitched for a battle cry, cousin.”
“No it’s not. Look.” I screamed again.
“Nope, still girly.”
I laughed. “It was, wasn’t it? Damn, my battle cry sucks.” 
I rested my head against the tanker and sighed. Victoria joined us. The three of us stayed there together, in the shade of the tanker laughing in the delirious way people do when they have just survived a near death experience, as the trees flashed by. 
It had been close, too close. I hated to think what would’ve happened to them if I hadn’t made it. I had to keep telling myself that didn’t matter right now because I had made it. We were alive, and we were together. I forced myself to smile and enjoy this time with them, because I knew there would be precious little to smile about in the weeks ahead.
As morning turned to afternoon, they rested, and my thoughts turned heavy. We weren’t out of the fire yet, far from it. A few hours down the track, the most dangerous place for migrants in all of Chiapas laid waiting for us, and I had no idea how I was going to get us through it.
CHAPTER 4
La Arrocera

Three hours later, we were sitting on the front corner of a hopper full of gravel. It was safer up here than on the platform of the fuel car. The train snaked through the mountainous forest in front of our car for half a mile and even more in the back. 
Up ahead someone shouted, “¡Rama!” 
All the migrants on the cars in front of us leaned to the right to avoid the oncoming branches. We slid down into the hopper. The thick branches passed over us. We came back up. A couple minutes later someone said it again, and we all repeated the same dance.
We hadn’t done much more than this since we boarded the train, and I considered that a good sign. I had expected to be approached by gangsters by now. Assholes from gangs like the one that killed my uncle usually roamed the tops of the trains here, forcing people to pay a toll. The last time I came through, it was fifty dollars a head. If you don’t pay, they throw you from the train. So far, I hadn’t seen any signs of them though.
The train slowed, passing the yellow and red depot in Huixtla, which meant our next stop would be the most infamous immigration checkpoint in Mexico, La Arrocera. It is known as the first stop on a long trip north for the lucky and the last stop for everyone else.
The government chose that spot for a checkpoint because it is so isolated. The region is a hundred and sixty miles of nothing, just scrub forest, and a few cattle ranches. That and a couple of abandoned rice warehouses that give the place its name (la arrocera means the rice cellar).
La migra cleans up here. In La Arrocera there are no busy streets, no alleyways or houses where a migrant can hide. Usually half of the migrants onboard la bestia get caught by migra agents at the checkpoint.  
There is a way around it though. If you’re brave enough, or stupid enough, you can jump off the train as it slows and take forest paths around the checkpoint. If you’re lucky, and you make it out of there in one piece, you can reboard the train on the other side. 
But that is not as easy as it sounds. The network of trails that criss-cross the thick forest around the checkpoint is too vast for the authorities to police. So bandits roam the forest unmolested to prey on the unsuspecting migrants. Local legend has it that the red color of the dirt comes from the blood of all the migrants who have been killed there. In the forest, banditos have free reign because they know the migrants are trying to avoid the authorities themselves, and thus won’t report anything.
They hide in their web of trails like salivating spiders, watching, waiting as the moths flutter closer and closer to the web. Once trapped in the web, the moth is theirs to do with as they will. Out there, no one will come if you call for help. Hell, no one will even hear your cries to begin with.  
A lot of people think it is crazy to risk riding the trains through these parts, but it’s complicated. True, it might not be the safest path, but it is the path where you are least likely to get caught by the authorities. 
There are only a handful of fixed migration checkpoints on the rails, but hand me a map of Mexico marking all the ones on the highways, and it would look like a kid with a severe outbreak of chickenpox. And that would just be the permanent ones, not to mention all the random ones checkpoints they set up every day across the country. It is near impossible to make it all the way north without riding the train at least a little. 
It isn’t like we want to ride the train across Mexico. It’s more like Mexico wants us to ride across it on the train. La Bestia has become a necessary evil for people going north, and places like la Arrocera are the prices you have to pay for passage.  
As we approached the checkpoint, some of the migrants on the cars stood. Those without hats shielded their eyes with their hands as they strained to see if there were any migra agents up ahead. 
People in the front dropped to a crouch and passed the word along. 
“¡La Migra! Get down!”
There were more than twenty agents farther down the tracks, ten or so on each side.  
The train braked. People shouted, shoved, and screamed. Some panicked and ran toward the back of the train, jumping from car to car. Others fought to be the first down the ladders.
The train lurched to the side and slowed to a stop. All the way down the line, a domino effect caused the cars to clang one into another. Anyone caught standing on the couplers between cars when this happens would most likely lose a limb.
We climbed down to the small platform on the front end of the hopper. Flocks of people streamed past us, and poured into the trailheads of the forest. 
Carlos started forward to join the stampede. 
I grabbed him by the collar and pulled him back. “What are you doing?” I asked.
“Running.”
“You don’t want to do that.”
He looked at all the people passing by us. “Yes I do.”
“No you don’t. You’re staying right here.” 
“What about la migra?”
“Fuck la migra. They aren’t what you need to be worried about.” I pointed to the masses of people jumping from the train and rushing headlong into the forest. “Those people are idiots— sheep running away from the dog to hide in the slaughterhouse.” I pushed him back behind me. “Trust me; you don’t want to be in that number.”
“We can’t just wait here until we get caught.”
“No, we can’t.”
“Then what are we going to do?”
“Follow rule number 9,” I said. “We let them go running into the lion’s den, while we sit here and wait, and wait, and wait until the last possible moment. Then when we can’t wait any longer, we go slow, steady, careful, and we walk right past the lions as they feast on those idiots who were too fearful to use caution.”
“Rule number nine said all that? I thought it was just: avoid large groups.”
“Same thing. Now be quiet will you? I need to focus.”
I leaned against the rusty metal car. The flow of people had become a trickle. We would have to go soon. I peeked my head around the corner. 
Migra agents farther down the tracks walked toward us along both sides of the train, checking each car. Here and there they shouted something. Sometimes people popped out of cracks between cars and ran for it. Some of them made it too, but most got pulled off and dragged away. 
The agents were getting closer. I readied myself to run.
An agent near us shouted. “¡Bajate puto!”
I froze. 
A boy, no older than ten, screamed back, “Never!” 
He ran across the roof of a boxcar, and jumped to the next. Agents ran alongside the train, shouting and throwing rocks at him. The rocks pinged against the metal sides of the cars. 
This was our chance.
“Let’s go,” I said.
We jumped down to the gap between the cars. I crouched and tried to get a view of the agents from under the car. They were getting real close. I pushed my cousins in front of me.
“Go! Go! Go!” 
We darted toward the mouth of the trailhead. As soon as we were in the open the agents shouted at us, but we were too fast for them, and they didn’t dare follow us into the woods. Within seconds, we were so deep in dense vegetation that we had lost sight of the officers and the train. Inside the darkness of the trees, they weren’t the ones to fear anyway. 
This is where the real challenge began. We were going to have to sneak through thick and rocky jungle paths for three miles until we found the small road that would take us back to the tracks. 
“No more talking from here on in,” I said. “Follow my lead, but not too close. Stay low, stay quiet, and stay fast. Silence is the key, silence and speed.”
We crept along the edge of one of the tight paths. Soon we came to a fork in the trail. I went right. Then another fork, I went right again. Fuck, I hoped I didn’t get us lost in here. 
We moved quickly but quietly, hopping over sticks and leaves. I kept my head on a swivel, looking out for any signs of danger. Every little sound made me stop and coil up, ready to bound away. 
We made it about twenty minutes through the muggy forest scrub without incident. Though we had seen signs that others hadn’t made it through so easily— clothes thrown all about, marks in the soft dirt showing signs of a struggle, a pair of ripped panties hanging from a tree branch.
We were about a mile in, almost half way, when we came to a dangerous bend in the trail, the perfect place for an ambush. I slowed and signaled for my cousins to do the same. 
I heard sounds nearby. Voices. I signaled for my cousins to stop and hide.
Immediately I hated myself for bringing them along. This whole thing just got a lot more complicated. If I was alone, I would just go around through the woods from here, but I couldn’t be assured they would be able to smoothly sneak away without making too much noise. All I could think about were the ripped panties on the tree, and what would happen to Victoria if we got caught. 
As I came around the curve, I saw figures through the trees. Patches of white and blue and yellow clothing. The voices were clearer now. I snuck over to a thick tree and knelt behind the trunk. I peered around to see what we were dealing with.
Three bandits, in ratty clothes, each one wielding a machete, stood over what looked like a family of four— a mother and father with their teenage daughter and young son. The family lay face down on the ground with their hands behind their heads. 
The father lifted his head and said in a trembling voice, “Please. I told you, we don’t have anything else.”
“Don’t look at me!” the leader of the bandits said. His bald head was covered in prison tattoos. He hit the father in the back with the flat of his blade. “Now all of you, for the last time, shut your fucking mouths and take everything off.”
They all looked at each other. 
“NOW!” Prison Tats said.
The father stood to remove his clothes. 
Prison Tats kicked him in the back of the leg. “From the floor.” Prison Tats walked down the line. “I said don’t look up bitch!” He lifted the blade, feigning a strike to the mother’s face. “Keep your heads down!” 
She looked down, and with shaking hands unbuttoned her blouse. 
They stripped their clothing down to their underwear, and stood on their knees with their hands on their heads and their eyes on the dirt. 
Prison Tats tossed the clothes to the other two bandits. 
One was shirtless, wearing oversized pants with an oversized belt cinched too tight that bunched the pants at the waist. The other one was shorter and stockier with a rattier version of the same rat face that Big Pants had.
“Let’s see what we’ve got,” Big Pants said, as he bent to dig through the clothes. 
He and Rat Face rifled through their belongings, being sure to look for hidden pockets in the seams and waistbands, and the collars and cuffs (all common places for migrants to hide money). They pulled out what little there was from each piece and discarded the clothes in disgust. When they were finished they gave what they had to their leader.
“This is it?” Prison Tats said. “Are you kidding me? This isn’t enough to pay for the toll.” He threw the money down and turned back to the family. “It isn’t even enough to pay for lunch. You’re more broke than we are.”
“I’m sorry,” the father said. “Please, it’s all we have. We were robbed before we even got on the train.”
“Not my problem,” Prison Tats said. He kicked the father in the head. The mother screamed, and the two children started crying.
Prison Tats paced back and forth in front of them, like a lion deciding how to finish off his injured prey. Should he let it go or end it all now? Or maybe he should toy with it a bit. He stopped pacing and stood between the mother and daughter. 
“If you didn’t have enough money to pay the toll, you shouldn’t have come in the forest. Now we will have to take our payment in other ways.”
He slid his machete between the mother’s legs. She whimpered softly. The father did nothing; he just kept repeating “Please don’t. Please. Please don’t do this.”
Prison Tats moved his blade to the teenage girl, and held it against the bare skin of her neck. “Up.”
“No!” the mother wailed. She tried to stand, and come between them but Rat Face backhanded her. She fell.  
The girl cried hysterically.
Prison Tats struck her in the ribs with the flat of the machete. “I said get up whore!” He reached down and snatched her from the ground. 
“No! No!” She kicked and screamed. “Daddy! Help me!” 
Her dad didn’t look at her. He just lowered his head to the ground and closed his eyes.
“Dad!” The boy said. “Do something!” 
“Shut up!” Rat Face said, and kicked the boy in the mouth.
Prison Tats walked off, dragging the screaming girl behind him. He put the blade to her throat and said something into her ear that made her body stiffen. She walked the rest of the way without a struggle. They disappeared in the tall grass, moving toward an abandoned house with a caved in roof a couple hundred meters away.
The mom went batshit then, slapping the father. “How could you let this happen? Are you a man or what? Defend your family, you useless pile of shit.” 
The two bandits laughed. “Your husband is a coward,” Rat Face said. “He wants us to fuck you and your daughter in the ass.”
Big Pants wheezed a laugh and added, “Yeah, yeah. Your son too.”
“Yeah he does, the faggot. Maybe after I get you pregnant with my son you can have a real man in the family.”
That shut the mom up.
From somewhere behind me something rustled in the underbrush. Branches snapped and the bushes shook. I whirled around ready to beat Carlos for sneaking up like that, but when I turned there was no one there. 
The sounds kept coming. Some stupid fucking animal crawling around.
The bandits stopped laughing, no more jokes, only silence, my breath, and the bushes.
Rat Face said, “Go see what it is.”
Big Pants tightened his hand on the machete and started in my direction.
I ducked back and I flattened myself against the tree.
My senses became hyper aware, and everything snapped into sharp focus. I quickly ran through the options in my mind. I could run, leaving these people to their fates, but I couldn’t leave my cousins behind so that was out. I could fight, but I wouldn’t have much chance unarmed like this. Or I could pray I wasn’t seen, stay still, and when the opportunity came go back and get my cousins and try another path. 
Option number three seemed best. I’d like to help these people but rule number two governed everything in situations like this. Rule number two states: if it is you or them, always choose you. 
Sticking your neck out for someone else on the way north is never worth it. You’ll probably lose your neck, and the people you try to help will probably still lose theirs too. 
The rustling continued. 
Big Pants walked closer until he stood right next to the tree I hid behind. I still couldn’t see his body, but I could smell it. He stunk of cheap rum and sweat.
I held my breath.
There was a flurry of sound in the bushes. And then silence, except for the raspy sound of Big Pants’s breathing echoing in my head. 
“What is it?” Rat Face said.
“I don’t know. An iguana or something.”
“Kill it. Iguana’s are good eating.”
“It ran off.”
“You sure?”
I still couldn’t see him, but I heard him take two more steps, and the blackened blade of his machete, nicked and pocked from use, floated from behind the tree at waist height less than a meter away.
“I think so.”
“Check.”
He stepped forward, hacking with his machete into the undergrowth. I couldn’t wait any longer. He was right in front of me; as soon as he turned to go back I would be seen. 
“Nope. Nothing here.” He stood to go back.
Without thinking, I picked up a rock and pulled it over my head like a basketball player going for a slam dunk. When he turned toward me, I connected with his head. His skull made a sharp cracking sound and a piece of the rock chipped off. He fell in a heap at my feet. 
Rat Face looked at me, and I at him. We stood there like that for a terribly long second, no one moving, unsure what to do. Then he ran at me, yelling. 
Before I had time to react, he had already covered half the distance to me. I reached for Big Pants’s machete but Rat Face stepped on the blade with his dirty bare foot before I could snatch it up. He swung at me and I rolled away, barely escaping the chopping blade. 
I scurried backward trying desperately to find something I could use to defend myself. I picked up a stick and hit him with it, but he kept coming, swinging haymakers at me as I tried to regain my footing. I got to my feet and threw the stick at him, then turned to run.
I didn’t make it far. Not ten strides away a large boulder blocked my path. I was trapped. Rat Face stepped toward me through the weeds. He slowed his pace, aware that he had me. 
“I’m sorry for your friend. I didn’t mean to—”
“He was my brother,” he said, and raised the blade. 
Shit. Now, I’m going to die in the middle of the Mexican forest at the hands of some dumb ass rat-faced bandit with dirty feet all because I decided to play the hero. 
I shielded myself from the blow with my hands and closed my eyes, but the blow never came. Only the horrible crunch of metal breaking through bone, followed by an even more horrible scream. 
I opened my eyes. Rat Face was still there, as ratty as ever, but his arm wasn’t. Well, I mean it was, but it wasn’t really attached to his body anymore, it just dangled from his shoulder by a piece of tendon. Blood spurted out of the gash in time with the beating of his heart. 
He stared at his arm, wild eyed and opened his mouth to scream again but only a small sound came out because he was struck in the back of the neck with his brother’s machete. This time he fell, revealing his destroyer and my savior— Carlos. 
He stood there breathless, looking at me as if he needed to be reassured of something. 
I left him standing there and checked Rat Face’s pockets for anything useful. Nothing, just a needle and a bent spoon. 
I took his machete and grabbed Carlos. “Where’s Vick?”
“Vick?” He looked dazed. “I, I don’t know.” 
He kept staring at Rat Face’s dead body. I dragged him back to the path, and saw Victoria trying to console to the mother of the family. 
“Come on,” I said, pulling Victoria away. “We need to go.”
The mother grabbed my arm. “Please! Help me. They’ve taken my daughter.”
“I’m sorry. I can’t.”
“Please. You have to.”
“I’m sorry I can’t.” I pulled Victoria again. “Let’s go.”
She pulled her arm free. “She’s right. We have to help her.”
I looked down the path, afraid of who might have heard Rat Face’s death squeal. “We don’t have time for this now.”
“Please,” the mom said. “There is no one else.”
A girl’s scream came from the house.
The mom cried. “Oh God! Please! Hurry!”
I looked at the house, and back at Vicky. 
“Raul,” Victoria said, “What if it was me? Wouldn’t you want someone to help?”
God damn it! Why did she have to say it like that? I ran my hands through my hair and sighed. “Alright.” I took the mom by the shoulders. “Hey!” I shook her. “Hey! We are going to help you but I need to know if there are any more in the house. How many are there? Just the one?”
“Yes. One. Just one.” 
I started toward the house. “Carlos, let’s go.” 
He was still staring at nothing. 
“Carlos!” I said, waving at him. He looked at me, and the glaze in his eyes flickered off. “Come with me.”
He followed along behind me.
The woman walked with us, pulling at my shirt. “Thank you. Thank you so much. Please save her.”
“Lady,” I said. “If you want to see her again, I need you to stay here and shut up.”
She bit her lip and nodded, but she didn’t turn around. She stood there in the tall grass watching us creep closer to the house.
Near the house, we almost fell over a white picket fence overgrown in the grass. At least fifty pairs of panties and a few bras hung on the wooden posts. Trophies. I tightened the grip on my blade. 
As we drew closer I signaled for Carlos to go around the other side. Without a word, he disappeared into the grass to my left. I stayed low, and ran quietly to the side of the house. I rested my back against the white washed wall and leaned around the corner. 
The house was just one big room, grass and earth had overgrown the inside, but the center was packed hard from frequent use. The caved roof let in sunlight that dappled the floor. In the center of the room, the girl laid naked on her back. The bandit was on top of her, trying to put it in. She thrashed. He hit her and tried again.
Then it was like I was out of my body. Somewhere far away I heard someone yelling. I think it was me, and I watched myself rush the man with my machete held high. He stood up trying to reach his weapon, which was on the floor nearby, but his pants made him stumble. 
I laid into him. The first swing dropped him, the second made him stop moving, the third and fourth were just for good measure. 
Carlos came in the other side and helped the girl to her feet. “Are you okay?”
She nodded, wiping her tears away.
“Don’t worry, you’re safe now. We’ll take you back to your parents. Come on.”
She grabbed her underwear and someone else entered the room. I lifted the machete, ready for another fight, but it was just Victoria.
“Vick? What the hell are you doing here? I thought I told you to stay.”
“No you didn’t. You were gone a long time and…” Her voice trailed off when she saw the man lying in red bony chunks on the floor, but she composed herself and continued. “And, I just wanted to be sure you were okay. I brought her clothes.”
She handed the girl her clothes. The girl nodded her thanks.
“Quickly now. We need to get out of here.”
She got dressed, and we started back through the grass.
When we neared the main path I heard raised voices. I crouched down and signaled for the others to keep quiet. I crept forward and parted the grass. On the trail ahead of me, five other bandits loomed over the girl’s family. Some had machetes, one had a bat and another carried a crowbar. One of them screamed at the girl’s parents. The girl started to run toward them but I jerked her back down, and shook my head.
“Who did this?” one of them said, waving his hands in the air and pointing at Big Pants’s body. He punched the father in the face. “Who?”
The father stared at the ground muttering to himself. The mother stepped up and answered for him. “It was two men. I don’t know who they were.”
“Where are they?”
“I don’t know.”
“Tell me where they are bitch!” He struck her in the face. She collapsed back down to the ground.
“I swear to God, I will kill you if you don’t tell me where they are right fucking now.”
The mother closed her eyes. The man raised his machete. The mother prayed. The blade came down, and the girl screamed. 
Carlos put his hand on her mouth. We didn’t move. The bandits looked in our direction. 
I turned back to my cousins and shouted, “Run!” 

We ran past the house, away from the trail until we came to a barbed wire fence. We were deep into bandit territory now. We needed to circle back around toward the train.
I was well ahead of Carlos, who was dragging the girl along with him, and Victoria was right next to them. Behind them five streaks of shaking grass let me know that the bandits were still after us. 
I slid under the fence and held the barbed wire up for them to slide underneath. 
“Hurry up!” I said. “They’re coming.”
The bandits were a dozen meters behind. 
I heard the whistle of the train off to my right, and ran toward it. We crashed through undergrowth that was three to four feet high. The tall grass hid tree roots and wrapped around our ankles. We each stumbled and fell more than once, but we got right back up and kept going. 
Through openings in the trees I could see the train coming. We were close.
We came across the sinuous dirt path that would lead us back to the tracks. Now we could run much faster. I looked back, to check on my cousins and they were right behind me. The bandits weren’t in sight yet. Maybe we’d lost them. I wasn’t about to slow down though, not until we were out of this forest.
We rushed blindly down the trail; it curved left, away from the train. Soon the trees thinned out and a bridge stood in front of us.
The bridge spanned a 15 meter wide stream of muddy water. It was a very dangerous spot, I knew. There was a bandit here named El Cobra, famous among migrants for his gang’s brutality. He was known for decapitating his victims. His gang hid under the bridge waiting to prey on those who were lucky enough to make it this far. They say more than a hundred migrants have been killed here, and those are only the documented ones. 
I knew all this, but I still plunged on. There was no other way. I sprinted across. On the bridge the air was humid and muggy, making me want to cough, but I didn’t let myself slow. I look behind me and didn’t see my cousins. 
Fuck! Where are they?
I stopped and went back across the bridge to get them. When I was half way, I saw them. The busted out of the trees, running, panting, holding their sides, dragging each other. 
“Go! Raul! Go! They are right behind us.”
I ran back across the bridge again. Victoria was right behind me, and Carlos came last, pulling the girl with him.
The whistle blew. I heard the engine of the train rumble past us. If we missed this train, we’d be screwed. We’d have to wait around for days, possibly more than a week, hiding in the tall grass beside the tracks. We’d be old beer cans on a log waiting for bandits to come and use us for target practice. 
“Hurry Carlos! The train!”
He looked up at me, and pushed harder. Only two of the bandits were still giving chase. I picked up some rocks and threw them at the bandits. They didn’t slow. 
I ran over to Carlos.  “Go!” I said. “I have her.” 
I grabbed the girl by the wrist and pulled hard. I pounded across the slippery wood planks. 
Carlos went in front and waited for us on the other side of the bridge, dark green mountains poked their heads over the trees behind him.  
I waived him away. “Go! Help your sister get on the train.”
He turned and ran up the hill and out of sight.
The bandits were right on our heels, but I still managed to get us to the tracks, even though I practically had to drag the girl the whole way there. More than once I was tempted to just leave her, to throw her as bait to the sharks so we could swim away, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it.
When I got to the tracks, the blood was throbbing in my temples. Carlos and Victoria were waiting on us. The train was already passing, and it wasn’t going too fast, thank God! But it was accelerating, probably trying to make up for the time lost at the checkpoint. We needed to get on before it got a solid headwind. 
As I stumbled up the gravel embankment with the girl, I saw other migrants emerging from the forest shrubs. Some came running in a dead sprint, others limping, others walking in a kind of shell-shocked daze. All of them fellow survivors of La Arrocera. 
Carlos and Victoria ran alongside a boxcar and jumped on. I pushed the girl ahead of me. 
She was barely moving. “Go!” I said and gave her a shove.
“I can’t I’m too tired.”
“Fucking go,” I said shoving her again, “or I’ll leave your ass here and they will rape and kill you.”
She halfheartedly reached for the ladder.
“Here,” Carlos said. “Take my hand.” He snatched her arm, and pulled her up. I followed just behind her. 
The two bandits from the bridge burst out of the forest trail; they doubled over and put their hands on their knees, gasping for air.
From the ladder, I looked back at them and waved. 
“Bye assholes!” I flipped them the bird. “Go fuck yourselves!” 
They looked up at me angrily, and I laughed. Dumbasses. They couldn’t touch us now.
I turned back and climbed the ladder to safety. I couldn’t believe we had done it. We had made it through La Arrocera, alive and unharmed. I felt like superman. 
When I got to the top of the car, I crawled away from the ladder. The hot metal burned my hands and knees, but I didn’t want to stand and risk falling when my legs were so shaky from the run. 
I plopped down on my back and tried to catch my breath. Finally we were safe. Finally I could relax.
Victoria shook my leg. “Raul look.”
“Jesus Vick, can’t you let me rest for one second? Please?”
She shook harder. “Raul! Look!”
I sat up and followed her pointing finger to the forest trail we had come out of. Another bandit had emerged from the woods, one I hadn’t seen earlier, and he didn’t look tired like the other two. He looked pissed. 
He said something to the two panting ones, and pointed at the train. I clearly saw the tattoo of a cobra snake wrapped around his outstretched arm. I really hoped that wasn’t who I thought it was. He hit the two men in the back of the head and pointed to the train again. The two men started running alongside the train. 
Oh fuck! Please don’t get on the train, don’t get on the train, don’t get on the train.
God damn it! The first one got on. The second one too. 
And then, that other one, the angry son of a bitch with the snake tattoo, the infamous leader of the deadliest gang in La Arrocera, El Cobra himself, ran beside the train, reached out his cobra tatted arm, and climbed up after his two cronies.
CHAPTER 5
El Cobra

For the third time in so many hours I found myself turning to my cousins and shouting, “RUN!” I was getting about as tired of telling people to run as I was of actually running. 
We were on our feet sprinting down the train, and ready to jump to the next boxcar before the bandits had made it all the way up the ladders.
When I came to the end of the car I stopped and looked at the eight foot gap between us and the next car. Beneath it, the rails flashed by. My legs were weak, and I’m sure everyone else was exhausted too, but what choice was there? The bandits were five cars behind is and running this way. I took two steps back, ran, and leaped. 
I landed on the others side, my cousins and the girl followed, and we ran across the top of the car. We jumped to the next boxcar, ran across it and jumped onto the next.
We continued running, but we were tired, and slow. Every jump sapped huge chunks of what little energy we had left, and our enemies were gaining on us. We had to do something quick.
We came to the last of the group of high boxcars, and jumped down onto the top of a covered hopper. The roof of this car was more than two meters lower than the one behind us, which meant the bandits wouldn’t be able to see us for a little while. Now was our chance to hide. 
“Hurry,” I told them, “try the lids.” 
We raced along the spine in the roof of the car, pulling on each of the six long rectangular doors. The first one was locked. I tried the second. Also locked.
“Over here!” Carlos said. He lifted the third door and flung it open. 
“Get in!” I told the girls, and shoved them toward the slot. 
The hopper was full of grain, except for a small gap where the roof curved, giving us just enough space to lay down as long as we laid perpendicular to the opening in the door. 
The girls crawled in. I looked behind us. No sign of the bandits, yet. Carlos and I entered the hopper, wiggling our legs and contorting our torsos to lie down in the cramped space. We closed the door, and everything went black. 
Victoria coughed. “It’s hard to breathe in here.” 
“Shh,” I said.
She was right, the air was dusty and thick and hot. We had hidden ourselves in an oven. My tongue sat fat in my mouth. I was desperate for water, and the others didn’t seem to be fairing any better. Out there in the 40 degree heat on top of the train, heat stroke was a real possibility. In here, it was a guarantee. We wouldn’t be able to stay in here long or we would cook to death.
But that obviously wasn’t my main concern. The only thing I was concerned about now was keeping me and my family safe from the three men hunting us. 
We laid there for what seemed like a long time when Victoria said, “You think they went by already?”
“No. We’d hear them.”
“Maybe they gave up.”
“I don’t think so.”
“It’s so hot.” Carlos said. “Maybe we can just crack the door.”
“Are you crazy? They will find us in—”
CHUN. The sound resonated on the metal around us. Everyone went quiet. 
Footsteps thumped on the roof.
CHUN. CHUN.
Two more sets of footsteps joined the first. They were moving toward us.
I stiffened. If the air was hard to breathe I didn’t notice anymore, maybe it was because I had stopped breathing. I was frozen solid. 
The men didn’t run. They walked across the top of the car. The sounds of their footfalls collected in the dust around the first door. There was a screeching sound as they tried the handle a couple times. 
They walked to the next one. The same thing.
“Shit! They are trying all the doors,” I whispered. “Grab something, and pull. We can’t let them open it.”
We shuffled into position, feeling around in the dark for some piece of the door to grip. I grabbed a flat metal crossbar in front of me. 
The footfalls were directly above my head now. They tried the door.
It turns out that crossbar I was holding was the locking mechanism for the door. So when they tried the lever, the fleshy part of my hand got pinched in the slot the bar needed to go through to open the door, effectively locking it. 
I bit into my lip as the metal bit into my hand; it was all I could do not to cry out. Whoever was on the other side of the door jerked the handle harder, shoving my hand deeper into the slot between the crossbar and the opening. Then they walked on. 
When they tried the next door, I pulled my hand back and clutched it to my chest, hot blood mixed with the sweat in my shirt. They repeated the process on the next two doors. When they tried it on the last one, light spilled into the car. Three shadows cut shapes in the golden grain. One of them bent forward. 
I looked away, afraid they might see the light reflecting off my eyes. No one moved.
“What do you see?”
“Nothing. Wheat. They’re somewhere else.”
“Wherever those bitches are, we’ll find them.”
They lowered the lid, and everything went black again. 
I let out a huge breath. 
“What are we going to do now?” Victoria said.
“Wait.”
“How long.”
“I don’t know.”
“Then what?”
“I don’t know.”
They were looking to me for answers. Answers that I didn’t have. Why did I have to go and kill that guy? I should have just left them all there and gone around. Now look where I had gotten us. We were still alive but I had no idea for how long.

We stayed in the hopper-slash-sweaty-death-oven until we couldn’t take it anymore, then we snuck out and found a boxcar to hide in. It was empty and had doors on both sides. We kept the doors cracked open for air flow and to have an escape route if trouble came. The inside of a boxcar could get very hot in the day, but compared to the hopper it was as fresh as a cool stone slab. I know riding inside boxcars goes against rule sixteen, but I made an exception because in this case it really was the safest option. 
The bandits never found us in there. I like to think it was thanks to my supreme ingenuity, but the truth was, they probably just gave up because they got tired of searching around in the heat of the afternoon sun.
The train cruised through northern Chiapas. As the day wore on, the mountains grew closer, and the landscape changed. The hillside rows of banana and mango trees flattened into fields of corn and cattle ranches. Farmers and ranch hands waved their hats and shouted words of encouragement to the migrants as the train passed by them.   
The sun set, finally bringing some relief from the heat. A full moon rose and stars speckled the sky, and thousands of fireflies illuminated the fields surrounding the tracks with their flickering yellow lights.  
That night I climbed on the roof of the train, and huddled against a grate on the top of our boxcar. I nursed my injured hand as the others slept in the car below me. Even though I was exhausted, I wouldn’t allow myself to sleep until we were farther north, where I wouldn’t have to worry about gangsters roaming the rooftops of the trains. Someone needed to keep watch while the others slept. I would get plenty of time to rest once we were out of Chiapas.
Besides, sleeping on top of the train was a death wish. It wasn’t uncommon for people to fall off and wake up dead. 
It was cold on the train at night, the wind cut right through your clothes, so I made a poncho out of a black trash bag I found, and I used it as a windbreaker. Even if it looked a little stupid, it worked perfectly. 
The top of the train, which had been all but deserted when we left La Arrocera, was alive now. When we passed through Arriaga earlier in the day people had poured onto the train, and more continued to trickle on at every small town we went through. 
Up ahead on the next car, a group of people sat in a circle in the middle of the train, talking and laughing. Somewhere behind me a man sang. I couldn’t hear the words that well, but I knew the tune. It was a classic: Libre, by Nino Bravo. 
People moved from car to car, some selling goods, some buying goods, and some looking for a better place to sit or sleep. Every time someone jumped onto our car, my body tensed and my senses perked up. The fear didn’t bother me. I encouraged it. It helped keep me awake, which helped keep me alive. 
Up ahead someone shouted “Branch!” and everyone leaned toward the center of the train. I gripped the metal grate with all my might and leaned forward. The branches of a large tree scraped along the left side of the train, like a comb trying to rid the beast of the fleas clinging to its back. Every now and then it would get one too, even more reason not to doze off up here. 
Sometime near midnight, we rode through the sleeping town of San Ramón near the northern state line. I was glad to be riding through here at midnight when the police were in their beds, because in the day this place could be dangerous. 
The last time I came through here fifteen or twenty police officers stopped the train. I had thought about running, but they drew their guns and told us they would shoot us if we did. I didn’t test them. They climbed on board the train and forced everyone to pay them fifty dollars each. I paid. Those who didn’t were hauled off in pickup trucks.
I watched the black silhouettes of the mountains in the east cutting into the navy sky. This was the first time I had made it this far without having to start again in Guatemala at least once. I doubt any more than ten percent of Central Americans going north ever make it this far on their first try. 
Sure, a little more than half of them will make it eventually, but only after trying multiple times. Yet, somehow, despite all the shit we’ve been through, we had done it. We had made it through the worst part, and the first time through. That was something to be proud of.
I was so busy staring off into space and thinking about our accomplishment that I barely noticed when a stranger climbed up the ladder on the front of the car. At first, I didn’t think anything of it. Migrants climb on and off cars all the time trying to move forward or backward on the train. 
But he moved close to me, and a little too fast for my liking. I tensed. Now my radar was pinging, something about him was off. I started toward the door in the roof which led into the boxcar where my cousins slept, but I stopped myself. That wouldn’t work. I’d just lure him to them.
So I sat back and tried to play it cool.  
He knelt beside me. 
I nodded at him and looked away, steeling myself not to stare out of the corner of my eye. I was afraid of looking afraid. If he was a robber, he would be able to smell my fear. 
I once watched a video on the internet that said criminals will choose victims just by looking at them for a few seconds. The walk is what gives them away. If they are cool and relaxed, like they belong where they are, they are less likely to be robbed. The thinking goes that if they are so relaxed, they can handle themselves in this environment and are probably more trouble than they are worth. On the other hand if someone is stiff and jittery, common signs of anxiety, fear, and discomfort, those are the ones the robbers look at as easy targets.
I didn’t want to look like an easy target for anyone so I stared ahead, and tried to look relaxed, even though on the inside I was wound up like a new mattress spring. 
The man nudged me on the shoulder. “You smoke?”
I jumped. “Huh?”
He smiled, “Do you smoke? You know, got a cigarette?”
Something in the guy’s voice made the hairs on my neck stand up, but I couldn’t quite say what it was.
“No, uh, I don’t. Sorry.” 
“You don’t what? Smoke or have a cigarette?”
“Both.”
The man stood up as if to go and said, “Yeah, me either. That stuff will kill you.”
“Wait, what?”
That was the moment I knew I was fucked. I had played the situation poorly. Something was very wrong here. 
I looked at the stranger’s arm, trying to see if that blackened stain was a snake tattoo but it was too dark to tell. Clouds floated across the moon and the world grew darker.
I looked around trying to think of something, anything to help me here. There were plenty of other people on the train, but none were close enough to help, and they probably wouldn’t even if they were.  
I sprang to my feet and tried to run, but the stranger stepped in front of me, blocking my path. Now that I was standing I saw another man creeping up the ladder behind him. I felt heavy vibrations on the metal roof of the boxcar, and I looked behind me. Another shadow moved quickly across the rooftop toward me. 
“You didn’t really think you could get away from us did you?” the stranger said. 
Shit! I recognized the voice now, from when we hid in the hopper. “Wherever those bitches are, we’ll find them.” 
It was El Cobra! I am so fucked. 
I can’t believe I let myself get in this situation. I should have never come up here alone like this. I should have never let them get so close. Everyone knows you are going to get assaulted on your trip north. It’s just the price you pay for admission. But I’d been through this enough times to know better. I wasn’t a green rookie on his first train ride. How could I have been so stupid?
I tried to run, but I didn’t even make it two steps. El Cobra tackled me from behind. He sat on top of me, and punched me in the back of the head. He slammed my face into the metal roof, splitting my cheek open. 
I bucked wildly and threw him off me, but before I could get to my feet one of them kicked me in the face and I went down again. 
“You think you can make a fool of me?” El Cobra said, and kicked me again. One of them clubbed me in the back with a large stick, knocking the wind out of me. I struggled to suck in air as the blows came raining down. 
I felt one of them tugging on my pants, shoving hands into the pockets. I never carried more than fifty pesos in any one pocket because I knew there was a good chance this kind of thing might happen. Someone undid my fanny pack. No money in there either jackass.
I kept the bulk of my money in my shoes and the seam in the bill of my cap, and the rest of it in my underwear and so far all that was still safe. 
One of them snatched my cap off my head and looked inside. He didn’t see the two hundred dollars I had stuffed under the stitching of the bill, and he tossed it over his shoulder. I watched it fly off the train and disappear into the night. Fuck.
El Cobra slammed my face into the metal roof. “I’m going to make you pay for what you did, you son of a bitch.” 
“I don’t know what you are talking about.” 
“Liar!”
A club struck me in the side of the head, and the world tilted on axis. I wanted to vomit. More blows. Kicks and punches to the ribs, back, and head.
I curled into the fetal position, with my hands over the back of my head to protect against the club, and they kicked my ribs. I covered the ribs, they kicked my head. 
I felt someone tugging on my shoes, and the cool night air on my feet as they tore off one sneaker, then the other. Fuck. There goes another two hundred bucks, a hundred under each insole.
The club smacked into my head again. Kicks to my kidneys.
They yanked my pants off me and looked inside the waistband. Nothing there. They searched the pockets again. Very little money. The men cursed and threw the pants overboard. 
Someone ripped off my shirt. The blows slowed and El Cobra straddled me. He bent down and wrapped my own shirt around my neck. I tried to wiggle free, but I was too weak this time. The blows returned as he twisted the shirt tighter, cutting off my air. 
I flailed wildly to free myself, using energy reserves I didn’t know were there to simultaneously shield the blows from my head, while pulling on the shirt so I could breathe.
“Kill him Cobra! Kill him!” one of them said.
“Yeah, end that bitch.” the other said.
The train sped around a sharp curve so fast that it lurched to one side. El Cobra lost his footing and the shirt loosened.
I shoved him back. He lost his balance and fell, knocking over the other two.
Naked except for my skivvies, I ran stumbling in pain, trying to keep my balance on the slick surface of the roof without my shoes. It was so dark I could barely see two meters in front of me, but that meant they couldn’t either, and you can make it a long way 2 meters at a time. 
The train jerked right. I slipped, but I managed to catch myself with my hand and regain my footing. In less than ten strides I was at the rear of the car. 
I jumped, and ran across to the next car. I was barely half way across when I heard them land on the roof behind me. I jumped on the next and this time I heard them sooner. They were gaining on me. I wouldn’t make it much further. 
I saw the smooth surface of the next car in line, a fuel car. It was a long jump to the top of the fuel car, and trying to land on the rounded surface at this speed would be suicide. If I misstepped, I would surely fall and get sucked under the train. 
Behind me I heard shouting. I looked down to where the coupler joining the two cars hovered over the flowing earth below. It was my only chance. I tried to focus my injured eyes on it. The men were close enough now that I could hear their breathing. 
I jumped. The coupler sucked up toward me. I reached out my legs, trying to land on it softly, like Spiderman. Instead my body smashed into the cold metal and I crumpled into a heap like a sack of potatoes. But I had landed on the coupler, and I held on with everything I had. 
The beast spit orange sparks onto my skin, and its hot breath dried my eyes as it tried to suck me into its mouth. It took all my strength to hold on. 
Up above I heard more shouts. The one with the stick threw it down at me. It bounced off the fuel car, missing my head by inches. The rails underneath were a blur of motion.  I was trapped. El Cobra started climbing down the ladder. I had to do something or I was dead.
Without thinking, I crouched on the coupler, and flung myself into the night. My shoulder banged on something hard and I was ripped free from the train. Suddenly I was weightless— an astronaut spinning free into open space, without a spacesuit.
The sky was up. The sky was down. I floated. I ate gravel. The sky was up again. I bounced. More gravel. I floated again. 
Then the beast sucked me under, and I banged around down there like a shoe in a clothes dryer. Steel-heat-rocks-wind-wood-steel-heat. 
Everything was so loud it was silent. The colorful sounds had mixed themselves together into a swirl of empty black noise.
And just like that, I was free, and I was floating again, but I wasn’t under the train anymore. I was tumbling into a grassy ditch, and the train was pulling away from me. The beast had spit me out.
I crashed into something hard a few meters from the track, a tree I think. I wasn’t floating anymore but my head kept spinning. I wheezed for air.
Sound slowly came back into the world. The beast roared in front of me. A stampede of hot metal, orange sparks, and satanic squeals, and the steady clank-clunk, clank-clunk, clank-clunk, clank-clunk of the cars on the rails. Little rocks rattled from the tracks into the grass.
I saw the dark shapes of people walking on the rooftops. They were completely oblivious. No one saw me sitting there propped against a tree trunk beaten to all shit. 
My head throbbed, and even though it was too dark to see if I was bleeding I could sense blood everywhere. I was too exhausted to even lie down, so I just I closed my eyes and let the darkness envelop my body like a blanket, and passed out.
CHAPTER 6
Keep Motating

I woke the first time at dawn. Birds chirped in the rustling trees, but there was no other sound. I sucked in a breath and snapped my eyes open. 
“Victoria! Carlos!”
I looked around, hoping it had all been a dream. The wet grass on my legs, the empty train tracks, and throbbing in my brain told me it wasn’t.
“Oh god, what have I done?” I tried to get up, but exhaustion took me and I closed my eyes again. “Forgive me. Forgive me.”
I fell back into a fitful sleep, dreaming of black figures against a black sky, dark shadows, wrestling to remove Victoria’s clothes while others dragged Carlos’s dead body and dumped him out the door of a boxcar of the moving train. 

I’m not sure how long I laid there after that, but when I woke up the sky was bright and it was hotter than hell. 
My side ached when I tried to open my eyes, so I kept them closed. I ran my tongue over my lips, they felt like dried leather. I needed water— bad. 
I was still having difficulty understanding what had happened. I did a quick body check, to see how bad the injuries were. 
I started by taking a deep breath. I winced. Fuck that hurt! 
My torso was covered in welts and bruises. I had a few lesions as well, juicy and full of pus. They were teeming with gnats and mosquitoes. I instinctively tried to brush the bugs away with my right hand— no way that was going to happen. 
My right arm hung awkward and limp, dislocated from my shoulder socket, which felt like it was stuffed with flesh eating parasites and coated with burning napalm. 
I tried again with my left hand. The bugs flew away, but came back a couple seconds later. I couldn’t see well out of my right eye. It was swollen almost completely shut. I moved my legs around next, and found that they were in surprisingly good shape. My knees were swollen and didn’t want to bend all that much but they still worked. My right ankle was going to be a problem though. It was swollen and had turned a purpley green. 
Still, considering the circumstances, I seemed to be alright. I think I could walk, albeit painfully. I didn’t think I’d broken anything, and there weren’t any bad puncture wounds. 
I forced myself to stand, leaning my left side against the tree for support. The effort made me dizzy. A searing pain coursed behind my eyes, probably a concussion. Blood trickled down the side of my face. 
I probed my scalp to find the source. Raised stinging skin, ran along the top of my head for four or five inches. When I looked at my fingers, they had a shiny coat of bright red blood. That definitely wasn’t good. 
I needed to clean it, and dress the wound, which meant I needed to get going because out here I couldn’t do anything other than sit around in my underwear till I bled out. I needed supplies, I needed help, I needed to get back to my cousins. 
Once I had my balance, I walked toward the tracks, using a tree branch I had found for extra support. I climbed the steep grade to the rails slowly, painfully, leaning on the branch. Once on the tracks, I stood for a moment trying to recall which way I’d jumped from the train.  
If I jumped from the right side, then the train was going that way. I turned around. So, I needed to go this way. I started north, trying not to put too much weight on my injured ankle.
I looked like shit, and I felt like shit, but I was alive. So what if I was almost naked, I had no money, and I was beat to hell and back, I was still one lucky son of a bitch.
I survived a fall from the beast, which if people survive, they usually don’t make it out in one piece. I could still walk. I was walking! Okay, hobbling, whatever. But I was still motating in some fashion. That had to count for something.
I was alive! I was alive. 
But what about my cousins? All of a sudden I didn’t feel so lucky anymore.
I knew that by all rights I should be shouting, yawping, “Yay! Wahoo! Hallelujah!” and all that kind of shit, but I wasn’t. No, now that I thought about it, I didn’t feel lucky at all. 
I had just abandoned my two young cousins. Kids. I had condemned them to face this trip alone. Alone. Which meant that I quite possibly had condemned them to their deaths.
God damn it! Why did I have to take them with me? I should have left them behind in Honduras. And why didn’t I just stay with them in the boxcar and sleep?
Bah! Thinking like that won’t help anything. The time for wallowing in self-pity was over. I had to cut that shit out if I ever wanted to see my cousins again, if I ever wanted to see anyone again. I wouldn’t be any use to anyone bitching and moaning all day.
My cousins were on their own now. They’d be coming to Medias Aguas soon. They’d wake up and find me missing. They’d get out and search the cars, and Victoria would cry. I hoped they would stay calm, and follow the rules I gave them. 
Why didn’t I make better rules? More rules? I should have prepared them better. Shit, now I wanted to cry.
Fuck that! I’ve got to cut that shit out. There is no way I will survive out here if I don’t stay positive. 
Right. Think positive. One thing at a time. Focus on the task at hand.
What is my most pressing task? Water. 
I needed water. After I have water I can think about something else. Until then there will be no more bitching and moaning. Keep moving. One foot in front of the other. 
Step.
Step.
Step.
Step.
CHAPTER 7
This Might Sting

Step. 
Step. 
Step.
Farther down the track I saw a group of banana trees, and using a trick I learned from a group of Guatemalan kids on my second trip north, I pulled down on the large lower branches, bending it until it snapped at the base. I stuck my mouth to the side of the tree and gobbled up all the water that came rushing out.
Not a lot of people know it, but you can get water this way up to three or four days after a decent rain. That’s because banana trees have these chevron-shaped branches that act like a funnel. When it rains the thick parts near the trunk can house pretty big puddles of nice clean rain water. The first time I did this, we found almost two liters of water using this technique. 
Today I wasn’t that lucky, but I had found enough to wet my lips and keep me going. I could have gotten more too, but the giant banana spider that jumped on my arm convinced me that I’d had enough.
Step. 
Step.
Step.
Step.
Step.
I don’t know if it was a few hours or a few minutes later, but eventually I passed by a barbed wire fence. Cows on the other side of the fence munched the tall grass, and looked at me with their nonjudgmental gaze. They didn’t seem to notice how strange I looked in my underwear using a leafy tree branch to hobble down the empty tracks. 
I crawled under the fence, and walked over to the cows. I patted one on its beige nose. 
“Do you know anyone here who can help me?”
He munched cud.  
“If you don’t help me, I’m going to come back here and eat you later. I’m pretty damn hungry you know.”
Munch. Munch. Munch.
“Okay. It’s your funeral.” I walked away from the cow, then turned back and said, “Maybe I’ll make a leather jacket out of you too; I’m in need of some new clothes after all.” I laughed and started across the field.
Step. 
Step.
Step.
Before long, I saw a small thatch roofed house. It was white with sun bleached yellow trim. Moisture had tinged green patches around the base of the cement walls.
A woman washed clothes by hand in a washtub. She didn’t see me until she turned to hang them on the line to dry. She froze for a moment, and ran inside. 
A few seconds later, a short indigenous man opened the lopsided screen door and stepped out, followed by the woman, and a little girl. The man walked toward me, and I toward him. 
I stepped on something and my ankle buckled. I fell and struggled to rise again.
The man ran to me. He was thin, with veiny arms, and dark leathery skin. He set his slanted eyes on me and said, “My god, what happened?”
All I could say was, “The train.” 
“Come here.” He helped me up; the skin on his hands was rough on my bruised ribs. “Let’s find you some clothes and something to drink.” We walked back to the house together, me using him as a crutch.  
“Julia,” he shouted, “Get me some water and rags. Quick!”
The screen door squeaked on its hinges and slammed shut. The woman came over carrying a water basin splashing with water. The little girl hid behind her mother’s dress. 
The man sat me down on the stump of an old tree. He dipped the towel in the water and wrung it out over my head. It was ice cold. It felt great.
“Can I drink some of that?”
“Oh yes, I’m sorry. Julia?”
She ran inside again.
“This is going to need stitches,” he said, and dabbed the rag on my head. 
Julia came back with some more water. I smiled at her and she looked away shyly. I drank the glass of water in four huge gulps. Julia refilled it, and I drank it. We repeated that little routine two more times. 
“Your arm is bad,” the man said. “It looks dislocated.”
“It is.”
“How about that?” He pointed at my ankle. “Is it broken?”
I shook my head. “Don’t know.”
He took my foot and poked at it. “That hurt?”
“Yeah.”
He raised it up and down. Slowly rolling it. I cried out in pain.
“It’s not broken,” he said.
“How can you tell?”
“If it was broken you would either be cursing me, or in tears right now, or both.”
“So what is it?”
“Maybe it’s just a bad sprain.” He looked at my ribs. “This hurt?” He poked me. I screamed in pain and doubled over, cursing him.
“See, that’s how you can tell if it is broken.”
“Thanks for the lesson,” I said, through gritted teeth.
“We need to take you to the hospital.”
“No. I don’t want to go to the hospital.”
“You need to.”
“But they’ll send me back to Honduras.”
“No they won’t. I know the doctor. He treats train victims all the time.”
“He won’t call la migra?”
“No.”
“You swear?”
“I won’t swear, but I don’t think he will.” He stood up. “Come on. It isn’t far.”
He loaded me in the back of a horse wagon, and we banged across a rutted dirt road for what seemed like forever. The man and I exchanged small talk; he told me his name, Bruno. We talked the whole way there, but I couldn’t remember what either of us said. 
When we made it to the city square, if you can call it that, he dropped me off in front of a light blue building. 
The place looked like one of those small restrooms you find detached from gas stations sometimes. You know the kind, a little concrete building in the back that you need to get the key from the cashier if you want to go in.
“This is it?” I asked.
“Yep. Here, let me help you down.”
“It looks too small to be a hospital.”
“It’s the local clinic, if you need the real hospital they will send you to the one in Arriaga.”
“Maybe I’m better off going on after all.”
“Don’t be such a baby. You said you didn’t want them to turn you in right?”
“Yeah.”
“Well this is just the place. He will treat you and send you on your way. Come on.”
The one room clinic had no waiting area, just a porch. There weren’t any chairs either. We sat on the floor across from a young woman with a small child asleep in her arms. When I made eye contact with her she quickly turned away and pretended to be reading some sign on the wall.
The doctor stepped out and called her in.
“No, no,” she said. “Please, see him first.”
He turned to me and looked me over through the round lenses of his wire rimmed glasses. He pursed his lips and nodded for me to enter. 
Bruno waited outside, while I followed the doctor into the building and sat on the cold examination table. 
“¿La Bestia?”
“Yes. How did you know?”
“This is a small town. No one comes in looking like that unless they are on their way north.”
He washed his hands and inspected my wounds.
“Someone from one of the maras did this?”
“El Cobra and his gang.”
“In La Arrocera? And you walked all the way here?”
“No. I hid from them on the train, they caught me.” 
“How many?”
“Three.”
“They used a club on your head here,” he said, and parted my blood caked hair. I felt fresh blood trickle down my neck.
“Man you’re good. How did you know?”
“I get a lot of people who are brought here from the train. Some of them come in with machete cuts on their arms or hands.” He held up his hands as if shielding himself from an invisible blow, and then drew a line across his palms with his index finger. “Hacked straight through to the bone.” 
He turned and rinsed a rag in the sink. “Others come in stabbed in the gut or back, and a few come in with bullet wounds. Though most of those are found by the tracks well after their bodies have begun to rot.”
He cleaned my scalp, returning to the sink every few minutes to wring out the blood and dirt.
“But you’ve been fortunate, to be injured like this and still be alive. How did you come here? You obviously didn’t fall from the train or I’d be sending you up to Arriaga for amputation right now.” 
“But I did fall.”
“Really?”
“I guess it was more of a jump, but I got sucked under the train.”
“Wow, you are lucky then. You’re the first person I have met in more than ten years of work who has been spit out of the beast without being chewed to bits first.”
He went to a little clip board and wrote some things down.
“How bad is it?”
“Well, Raul, I won’t lie to you. It’s pretty bad, but, then again for someone who fell from the train, it could be much worse. You’ve got some contusions on your lower ribs, maybe a few small fractures. You’re going to need stitches on that gash in your head, probably for the one on your cheek too.” He sat down the clipboard and lightly pressed my eye. I shied away from his touch. “Yup, and I’m going to need to drain some fluid out of your eye.” He noted something else on the clipboard, and sat it on the stool next to the bed. “After that, I’ll have to reset that arm of yours.”
“Is that going to hurt? Resetting it?”
“It’s not too bad.” He smiled. “I’ll be gentle. I promise.” He walked to the front of the table and lifted my leg. “And this ankle is sprained pretty badly. You will be fine in a couple of weeks if you can stay off it that long.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“I’m sorry?”
“That’s not going to happen. I have to get back to my cousins. I can’t stay still for two weeks.”
“You don’t have any choice. If you move around much, not only will you not heal properly, but you’ll be in a great deal of pain. And I’m not going to go on fixing your body up just to have you destroy it again. You will rest. You must rest. That isn’t a request.”
I nodded. We’ll see about that. 
He opened a drawer and pulled out a plastic packet of stitches and another with sterilized needles in it. 
“You must see a lot of crazy stuff working here huh?”
“That is the understatement of a lifetime kid. I’ve seen things that are too terrible to mention.”
“Like what?”
“Didn’t I just tell you they were too terrible to mention?” He walked over with an iodine stained rag, and applied a local anesthetic. 
“Come on doc,” I said, trying to keep my breathing even. “You have to keep me distracted with something while you stitch me up. Why not stories that make me feel like I got off on the good side of things?”
He shot me a sideways look. “Alright, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.” He threaded a large needle. “This may sting a little bit,” he said, and slid the needle through the first bit of swollen flesh, and I sucked in air through my teeth. 
It stung like a mother fucker. 
Why did doctors always have to say that shit? Relax this will only hurt a little. Or, you’re going to feel a slight pinch okay? 
What they really mean to say is this is about to hurt like hell, but they can’t tell you that or you’ll freak out, so they just say this might sting a little. And then when it stings like a mother fucker, you’re stuck trying not to look like a little pussy so you just sit there and take it. You pretend it doesn’t hurt even though it hurts a lot, all because you don’t want to look like the guy who can’t handle it, which makes the doctors think that maybe it really doesn’t hurt so much. After all, no one ever freaks out, they just sit and take it, so they go on believing it only stings a little bit, and so that is what they say. 
And even though I wanted to break the cycle, to scream and slap that giant needle out of his boney little hands, I didn’t. I did what everyone else does, and pretended I didn’t feel anything, while the doctor tried to distract me with his stories.
“A couple of weeks ago,” he said. “I was walking my dog near the tracks and came across the body of a young man. He was crumpled in a pile by the rails. His left arm and leg were broken. He had been there baking in the sun for two days. Vultures were eating his eyes.”
“That’s not so bad. It’s just a dead guy on the tracks getting eaten by birds. That kind of thing happens all the time. I thought you said this stuff was too terrible to mention.”
“Who said anything about a dead guy?”
“He was still alive?”
He gave a slight nod. “The birds like to eat the eyes first. Whether you are dead or just too weak to fight them off, it’s all the same to them.”
“Oh my god!”
“I told you, you couldn’t handle it.” 
“No, I’m good. You can tell me more.”
“I think that is enough for now.” He pulled the thread through.
“No really.” I gritted my teeth. “It helps me keep my mind off the head.”
“Alright. Let’s see… Well, a couple weeks before that there was a teenager, about your age who stood up at the wrong time and got caught in a high tension wire. He had second degree burns covering more than half of his body. And three weeks before that, there was a young girl; she couldn’t have been more than 12 or 13. She had been gang raped and thrown from the train like a rag doll. Her legs got sucked under. The men took her virtue and the train took her legs. When I worked on her, she begged me to take her life.”
“That’s a shame.” I thought of Victoria, and prayed that Carlos could keep her safe.
“The real shame is that people like them, the amputees, usually don’t return home. They are too ashamed to let their families see what they’ve become. If they go back and can’t work, they think they’ll be useless, a burden on their overburdened families. So they stay around here, begging or working in whatever capacity they are able to. A few of them get by okay, with a little help. Most of them don’t.”
He finished stitching me up, and said “Alright, all done. Now for the ankle.”
He made a splint out of some little strips of wood and a big elastic bandage. As he wrapped the bandage around my leg he said, “What are you going to do after you heal? Will you continue north, or go home?”
“I’ve got nothing to go back to.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.” He said, and walked over to the sink to wash his hands. “But aren’t you afraid to get back on the train that nearly took your life?”
“Of course, but I have no other option.”
“Well, if you ever do end up going back, can you do me a favor?”
“Sure, what?”
“Tell the people there not to come this way. It is too dangerous.”
“I don’t think it will make a difference. The words would fall on deaf ears.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.” He dried his hands and said, “Lie back for me now.”
I did as he asked.
He held my wrist in one hand and cupped the other around my armpit. “Take a deep breath and relax. This is going to sting a little bit.”
 Oh fuck…
CHAPTER 8
Sleeping with the Dead

Well it’s been more than two weeks, I made it to Ixtepec, and I’m not dead yet. But that’s about the extent of the good news. 
You remember Bruno, the farmer who took me to the doctor? Well, he turned out to be a complete psycho. When I came out of the doctor’s office I hadn’t expected him to still be there waiting for me, but he was, and he told me to go home with him. I refused, saying I needed to get back to my cousins, but he insisted, finally convincing me by saying he would give me a ride to Ixtepec in the morning.
Back at the farm, Bruno turned into another person. A person who lived more in the bottles of cheap rum he always had on him than one who lived in that little farmhouse of his. 
The next morning his drunk ass didn’t take me to Ixtepec. We didn’t go the day after either, or the day after that. Each morning instead of getting a ride to town, all I got was more empty promises that we’d go the next day.  
On the fourth night, sometime after midnight, Bruno slammed the door to his bedroom and shouted at his wife again. I have no idea why he always closed the door; I heard every curse, every smashed bottle, and every slap. That night I wasn’t sticking around for it though. I left all their muffled yelling behind me and set out for the highway.
My ankle was getting better, and even though I couldn’t run on it, not even close, I could put a little weight on it. I limped in the dark, down the two kilometer dirt road that connected Bruno’s farm to the highway. I was so happy to be out of the house and doing something that I barely noticed the throbbing in my ankle. Before I knew it, the sun was coming up and I was still walking. 
More and more cars passed me on the highway as morning commuters headed to town. I tried to straighten up my hair, and I ditched the sling the doctor gave me so I would look a little less beat up. As the sun crested the tree line, I stopped and tried to thumb a ride.
Normally, I wouldn’t do this. I had a rule against hitchhiking, because on the second attempt of my first trip north I had tried it in Chiapas as a way to avoid the violence on the trains. Lucky me, I got picked up by a god damn migra sympathizer. He drove me right up to a checkpoint and dropped me off, the son of a bitch. A week later, I was back in Guatemala crossing the river into Mexico again.
But Oaxaca wasn’t Chiapas. Things were different here. People were different.
I only stood with my thumb out for a few minutes before a car honked and flashed its lights at me. The old VW fox turned on its blinker and rattled off onto the shoulder. The car slid to a stop, kicking up a cloud of dust. 
The driver reached across the seat and rolled down the window. 
“¡Órale, jefe! Hey chief!” he said. “Where you headed?”
“Ixtepec.”
“Get in.”
I opened the door, and it made a  metal-on-metal grating sound that caused more than one bird sitting on the power lines overhead to take flight. A film of dust coated the faded maroon dashboard. A rosary swung from the rearview mirror. Everything smelled of mildew and sweat, like a dirty locker room.
The man was a young mestizo, his long straight hair pulled back in a ponytail. He had a thin crooked mustache and spoke with an Oaxacan accent.
“So where are you coming from?”
“A farm over there.” I pointed in the direction of Bruno’s farm.
“No, I mean where are you coming from originally.”
“Oh,” I laughed. “Honduras.”
“Going to el norte?”
“Yeah.” 
“You get those bruises from the train?”
“What? These?” I looked in the mirror. My face was heeling, but my right eye was still a little swollen and droopy. “Yeah, I got robbed and fell from the train.”
“¡Puta mierda! I don’t believe it. You fell from the train?”
I nodded.
“You don’t look so bad for someone who fell from la bestia you know.” He punched me on the arm. “You must be one tough son of a bitch, eh?”
I smiled. “Guess so.”
“You are. I can tell.” He looked in the mirror, flicked on the blinker, and sped around a car in front of him. “When I saw you on the side of the road, I thought, that looks like one tough son of a bitch.”
“That doesn’t sound good. I wouldn’t stop for someone like that.”
“I mean it in a good way.”
“I know. But the way I look probably puts off most people.”
“Maybe. But screw them if it does. I understand man. Times are hard down there in, where did you say it was?”
“Honduras.”
“Honduras, right. Times are tough down there man. Everybody could use a hand sometimes.” He nudged my arm with his elbow. “Am I right, or am I right?”
I smiled. “You’re right.” 
“It’s those pinche hypocrite politicians that are the problem.” He reached in the ash tray and grabbed a lighter, then opened the armrest and pulled out a joint. He offered it to me.
“No, thanks.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah.”
“Mind if I do?”
“No, by all means. It’s your car.”
He lit up, coughed, and waved the thick smoke out of his eyes. “I don’t know why the assholes in the government here try to make it so damn hard on you guys. I mean, if we don’t want the US to build the wall to keep us from getting in there, deporting us all the time and shit like that, how can we do it to Central Americans? Am I right?”
I smiled again, “Good point.” This guy reminded me of a friend of mine back home. He’d talk the ear off a brick wall if given the chance.
“God damn hypocrites.” He took another drag and coughed. “And I’ll tell you another thing…”
We talked the rest of the way to Ixtepec, or really he did most of the talking. I just kind of sat there and nodded or said, “You’re right,” when appropriate. He dropped me off a block from the shelter and wished me luck finding my cousins. I thanked him for the ride and his car rattled away, coughing up white smoke.
The shelter in Ixtepec was a little smaller than the one in Tapachula but just as crowded. Here, migrants slept under palmed roof huts, a few in beds, a lot on the floor. When I arrived, I went straight to the office to see if my cousins had stayed here. 
“No,” the man said. “We don’t have any record of them. We don’t usually keep records like that here.”
What the hell right? We don’t keep records? What kind of a migrant shelter doesn’t keep records? I thought all of them did that. How do they know how many nights people stay without records? 
I soon figured out they didn’t. So I stayed there a full week, just keeping quiet and laying low. I have to admit, after what Pedro told me back in Tapachula, I was a little nervous about migra raids at first, but as the days went on I grew less worried and more comfortable.
I woke each morning with the hope that my cousins would come by one day and surprise me. That never happened though, not that I ever really believed they would anyway. 
The wait wasn’t all that bad though. It had given me enough time to heal up a little more. Now I could walk without much of a limp and even do a kind of hobbled gallop-run. I would be ready to ride the rails again soon.  
On my eighth day there a worker came up to me and told me I had to leave. Apparently someone had ratted me out, told them I had overstayed the limit. I tried to explain my situation.
“I’m waiting for my cousins. We were separated and—”
“I’m sorry but there is nothing we can do. Other people are missing family members too. We can’t play favorites.” 
“But I’m injured. I fell from the train and—” 
He grabbed me by the arm, my injured arm, and started pulling me to the door.
I jerked away. “Ah! Watch it! Didn’t I just tell you I’m injured?”
“I’m sorry,” he said, and grabbed me by the other arm. “But rules are rules. If we let everyone who was injured stay here until they were healed, we would never have space for anyone else.” He opened the front gate. The humid heat was already pressing down on me.
“What about my cousins?”
“I’m sorry, but rules are rules.” He pushed me through the door.
I stumbled forward on the dusty sidewalk. “Please, I have nowhere else to go.”
He held the door open a crack and said, “God works in mysterious ways. I’m sure you’ll figure something out.” He shut the door.
Harsh right? So much for loving thy neighbor as thy brother. Then again, that guy was probably a douche to his brother too. 
Later that day a train came but it was going fast, and with my ankle how it was, I didn’t want to risk it. I let it go, and set up camp near the tracks.
It wasn’t anything fancy, just some pieces of cardboard, and a few black plastic trash bags made into a tent under a mango tree on some empty land behind an old mechanic shop. It was close enough to the tracks that I could see the next train when it came through, but not so close that I was right next to the rails and easy to see. 
In small towns like this one, migrants stood out. Our dirty clothes, funny accents, and the ever present wet dog stink that comes from going days without bathing tended to give us away. 
The river that divided the city was just a few blocks from my camp, which allowed me to bathe and wash my clothes regularly, so I could take care of two out of the three tell-tale signs of migration as I waited for the next train.
On my third day out here, I was washing my shirt in the river when I heard someone behind me say, “Don’t you even think about running.”
I turned around and saw two men in police uniforms walking toward me with their hands resting on the pistols at their hips. One of them was tall and fat enough that his city-issued shirt was stretched to near bursting, making his white undershirt peek through the stretched fabric between buttons. The other one was shorter, with close cropped hair and wearing mirror-tinted aviators. Both of them had big wet sweat stains on their armpits.
My breath came in short bursts, and I fought to control it. I wanted to run, but I knew that was the worst thing to do in this situation. I heard somewhere that if you run from a predator something clicks in their brains and makes them chase you. It’s an instinct. They do it even if they don’t feel threatened or hungry. Their brain only knows that when something runs from them, it must be because it is prey. And since they are predators, their instincts flip some kind of switch in their brain that makes them chase. So I needed to play it cool, because I had no intention of turning on that switch in these predators’s minds.
I smiled at them and said, “¡Órale jefe! ¿Que passa? Hey chief! What’s going on?” trying to say the Oaxacan phrase the way they said it. 
“What are you doing?” the fat one said.
“Just going for a walk.” 
“I don’t believe you. Let me see some I.D.”
“I.D.?” I patted my hands on my pockets. “Oh, you know what? It looks like I left my wallet back at the house. If you want, I can go get it and come back.”
“Nice try,” the other one said. “Where are you from? El Salvador or Honduras?”
“I’m from here.”
“Yeah, right.” 
“Well not here, here. I grew up in Tabasco, but my aunt is from here and I’m staying with her for a few weeks. I’m still learning my way around.”
“Where does she live?”
“Near the bridge. I’m not sure the address, like I said, I’m learning my way around.” 
“Alright smartass, let’s settle this,” the fat one said. He pushed his partner aside and stepped forward. “Why don’t you tell me how many stars are on the Mexican flag?”
I knew this one. It was a well-used trick that migra agents pulled to try and trip up migrants. “None. There are no stars on the Mexican flag.”
“You sure there aren’t five?”
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure there aren’t any stars on our flag. At least I’ve never seen any.” Shit. He must suspect I’m Honduran. There are five stars on the Honduran flag. I guess my Oaxacan accent isn’t cutting it. 
“How much do you weigh?” 
“I’m not sure. I haven’t been weighed in a long time.”
“Guess.”
“Hm, let’s see,” I stalled. Shit. Did they use pounds or kilos here? “Like I told you it’s been a while since I’ve weighed myself, but it’s probably somewhere around… 80?” 
I waited for his response to see if I had chosen the correct unit of measurement. He looked at me sideways, but didn’t dig any further on it, so I must have been right. I tried to walk past the two of them.
The fat one put his hand on my chest.
“What you got there?”
“What this?” I held up my t-shirt. 
“Yeah.”
“Oh, it was hot so I took it off. You know? And, uh, when I was walking the wind blew it into the river. I was getting it out when you two showed up.”
“Funny,” the short one said, “I don’t feel any breeze.”
I looked at the still tree branches. Fuck. Why did I have to go and say that?
“Yeah, maybe not now, but earlier there was one.” I tried to walk by again. 
“Hold up.” The fat one held me back. “You never answered my question.”
“What?”
“My question: What do you have in your hand?”
“I told you.”
“No you didn’t. What’s it called?” They closed in around me. “What is it?”
The short one leaned into my face and said, “Say it. Tell us what it is.”
“Um…” I looked at them. Fuck. What the hell do they call a t-shirt around here? Isn’t it just a blusa? That was what it was called everywhere wasn’t it?
“Now!”
“Uh, blusa?”
“I knew it!” the short one said, slapping the fat one on the back.
The fat one smiled devilishly. “I think you mean playera.” 
Fuck.
The fat one slapped me, “You think you’re smart huh?” They dragged me up the riverbank and out of sight. “Turn around and put your hands behind your head.” They frisked me, looking for money. When they didn’t find any they threw me to the ground. “We’ll see who the smart one is in a minute, when we send your ass back to Honduras. Unless you want to pay us 1000 pesos right now and we can forget about all this.”
“1000 pesos? That’s too much.”
“Do you want to go back?”
“No.”
“Then it will be money well spent. Now hand it over.”
I dug in the pocket I had sewed into the seam of my underwear.
“Come on, we don’t have all day.”
“It’s not quite a thousand pesos but it’s all I have.” I pulled out two twenty dollar bills, around eight hundred pesos. I held it out.
They recoiled. “Where did you dig that out of? Your butt crack?”
“No, I just hide it in the seam there so robbers don’t take it.”
“That’s disgusting.”
“Disgusting or not, it’s still money, and it’s all I have.” I held it out to him. “Please just take it and leave me in peace.”
The fat one took the money. “Alright, that’ll do.” He handed one of the twenties to his partner and stuffed the other in his shirt pocket. He smiled and said, “Nice doing business with you. Stay out of trouble. It’s not safe around here.”
They shoved me to the ground and walked away.
I waited until they were completely out of sight, then I checked the other hidden pocket in my underwear. I pulled out two more twenties, and smiled. Suckers!  

That afternoon came and went, as I lay hidden under my ghetto-rigged tent by the mango tree. Near dusk, I was using a sock to do some stretches for my ankle that the doctor had showed me, when a young boy jumped the fence around the land where I had made my camp. He was carrying one of those wire baskets from the supermarket and whistling a song. He walked right at me.
When I saw him, I sat up a little straighter— prepared to fight for my things if it came to that. 
He looked at me and smiled. “Relax,” he said. “I’m just here to get a few mangoes.”
He wore dirty jean shorts, and a faded Pink Floyd t-shirt. No shoes covered his blackened feet. He walked around behind me and climbed up the tree. Nimble as a monkey, he disappeared in the branches. The tree shook under his weight and mangoes plopped to the floor.
“You sleeping here?” he asked.
What the hell? Who is this weird kid coming in here all jolly and asking questions? Did he think I was stupid? That I would just tell him where my camp was so he can go tell his friends and they could rob me in the middle of the night? Well, I wasn’t stupid enough to do that. 
“I’m staying in the shelter.”
“You are huh?” He called down from the tree. His voice was still high, unchanged by puberty, and unable to be distinguished from a young girl’s. He reminded me of Victoria, and a pang of loss cut into my chest. “By the looks of it, you’re camping right here, under this tree.”
“I sleep in lots of places kid. What are you getting at?” I would have to find a new spot to sleep as soon as he left. It wouldn’t be safe here anymore.
“Nothing. I don’t mean to pry,” He climbed down the tree and selected the good mangoes from the ground and put them in his basket. “It’s just that this isn’t such a good spot.”
“Why do you say that?”
“The people in this neighborhood don’t like migrants much. If someone figures out you’re in here, they’ll call the cops. You should find a better place to sleep.”
“Thanks for the tip.”
“No problem.” His basket was full now. As he walked away he turned to me and said, “Hey, think fast!” He tossed me a mango.
I caught it with my good hand and held it up to him. “Thanks again.” 
He walked away. After a few steps he turned back. “You know what, if you want, I can show you a good spot to sleep. No one will ever find you there.”
Apprehension stirred in my gut. I had been on the road too long to go trusting people like that, even if he was just a kid.
“Thanks, but I’m good.”
“Suit yourself, but either way, you really shouldn’t stay here.” The kid walked off whistling as he went. 
I watched him go, and my gut was still stirring, but this time it was with regret. I knew I wasn’t supposed to trust him, but I was tired of being alone. You wouldn’t make it anywhere in life without trusting people. He seemed like a good enough kid, and I missed having someone to talk to. Besides, I would have to find a new place to sleep now anyway.
“Hey  kid,” I said, grabbing my things. “Wait up! I’m coming.” I got my stuff and ran over to him.
“Cool.” He smiled and shifted the basket of mangoes to the other arm. “I’m Geraldo.” He reached out his hand and I shook it.
“Raul.”

It turned out that safe place Geraldo had found was the city cemetery. Fucking creepy right? Naturally, when I discovered this, I was a little freaked out but Geraldo reassured me.
“In Ixtepec I always stay here. I’ve stayed here on my last five tries north and no one has messed with me yet. I chalk it up to Mexican superstition.”
We walked around the low brick fence that surrounded the place. Gang graffiti on top of other gang graffiti marked it as a territory in dispute. 
“The last five? How many is this?”
“This is my eighth try.”
The iron gate at the entrance yawned open above us.
“Damn kid, how old are you? 12,13?” 
“11.” 
“Eight tries and you still haven’t made it?”
“Not yet. But God willing, I will this time.”
He went inside, but I stopped at the threshold. I’m not sure why, but this felt wrong. Maybe it was out of respect for the dead or something. Whatever it was, I felt like I shouldn’t be here.
“Are you coming or what?” Geraldo said. He was well down the brick path.
I looked behind me one more time. If this 11-year old kid can do this without being afraid then I can too. “Yeah,” I said. “I’m coming.”
We walked down the labyrinthine path together. There were signs of my migrant brethren everywhere. A small grocery bag on the ground behind a tree with trash in it, old clothes draped over a branch, an empty water bottle and empty cans of corned beef and sardines sitting on top of a tombstone. Someone had been using it as a table.  
We passed foot high rectangular concrete slabs called mesas, each with its own triangular shaped headstone. Some had candles burning; others had wilted flowers or teddy bears. One even had a big red plate with a dead chicken, some black candles, a bottle of liquor, and some corn on it— an offering to the old gods of Mexico.
We continued walking over a low hill and stopped in front of a boarded up mausoleum. GUTIERREZ was chiseled into the top in Latin style letters. Two metal lion statues guarded each side of the entrance. Their rolling manes were tarnished green and streaked white with bird shit. Thick layers of melted wax coated the stone steps. 
“Here we are,” Geraldo said. He pulled aside a piece of plywood that was propped against the entrance, revealing a hole where a glass pane in the door had been broken out. “It’s a good spot, because it’s so hidden. And it’s close to everything. The train tracks are right over there.” He pointed behind us, where about a quarter of a mile away a dark line cut through the trees. 
“I just go in here,” he crawled through the opening in the door and went inside. “Then I close this up,” he tapped the sheet of plywood, “and no one knows I’m here.”
“Don’t you feel strange sleeping here, though?”
“In the cemetery?”
“Yeah, and in there too. You know, with the dead?”
“No. Not really.” He looked around the dusty space. “I mean it takes some getting used to maybe, but you’ve got to sleep somewhere, and this is a better place than most.” He looked down. “It’s not the dead that scare me here anyway.” 
“If you say so.”
Looking around, it became clear why he liked this place. We were just on the other side of that hill, which would protect him from being seen by anyone on the street and the mausoleum protected him from the elements. 
“But I don’t sleep in here all the time,” he said, and crawled back through the window. “Only when I think it’s going to rain. I just wanted to show it to you.” He replaced the plywood barrier over the opening. He patted my arm and said with a proud smile, “Now let me show you where we’ll stay tonight.” 
He put his dirty foot on the base of one of the metal lions, and began to climb. 
“Up there?”
“Yeah. It’s the best place in town.” He pulled himself onto the roof then looked back at me. “Come on up. And bring the mangoes, will you?”
I held the basket in the crease of my arm and tried to follow his path to the top. It wasn’t as easy as he made it look, especially with my bum ankle and shoulder. The metal statues were smooth and hard to grip. Still, I managed it somehow. I stood on the lion’s head and I handed the basket to him. He took it, and reached out a hand to help me over the lip.
“This is it,” he said, extending his arms. “Home, sweet home.” 
The top of the mausoleum was small, no more than two meters by two meters, but it was flat and dry. In the corner, pieces of cardboard were stacked on one another and held down by a stone, or perhaps the stone served as a pillow. The design of the roof made a kind of false top that stood shin high, making the mausoleum seem taller than it actually was from the ground. It would hide us well when we slept tonight. 
 “I like it up here,” I said. “The air is fresh, and you can see the whole cemetery.”
“Told you it was the best spot in Ixtepec. No one can sneak up on us up here,” the boy said and sat Indian-style on his cardboard bed. “So how about those mangoes.”
As night fell we ate our mangoes, and with full bellies we laid on the cardboard beds, looking up at the sky. We watched the clouds glow as they passed over a pale half-moon. 
“You said this was your eighth attempt to make it to el norte?”
“Yup.”
“What makes you keep trying? I mean, you’re so young. Don’t you ever feel like giving up and going home?”
“I don’t have a home. There is nothing for me in El Salvador. My dad is dead, and my mom left for Los Estados Unidos when I was four, and never came back.”
“They never do,” I said, remembering how my own mom left for the US when I was five. 
As soon as she got the chance to go north, she left me behind to seize it. At least that is what it felt like at the time, and probably how Geraldo feels— abandoned. Now I realize she was trying to make a better life for us. But that didn’t stop the longing I had to be with her and the terrible loss I felt on that day. 
I can still smell the gassy exhaust of the mototaxista’s bike sputtering at the curb when she dropped me off at my uncle’s house. I can still see the red shirt and jeans she wore, her hair in a ponytail. For all her faults as a mother, she had always been a beautiful woman with a smile that could go on for hours, but there was not a trace of her smile on that day.
She kissed my little forehead and said, “Mommy has to go away for a while sweetie, and you get to stay with your uncle Hector until I get back.”
“Where are you going?”
“To find work.”
“Why?”
“So we can have a nice house, and put nice shoes on your feet, and warm food in your belly. Don’t worry; it’s just for a little while. I’ll be back very soon. Okay?”
“But I don’t want to stay here. I want to go with you.”
“I know you do sweetie, but you can’t.”
“Why not?”
“Because you have to stay here and go to school.” 
“No. Really mami, I don’t have to go to school anymore. I can already write my own name! You know I can!” I hugged her with everything I had. “Please don’t go.” 
She sucked back her tears and said, “I’m so sorry mijo, but I have to.” 
She pried me off her, and knelt to my eye level. Tears rolled down her cheeks. She closed her eyes for a moment, and took a deep breath. When she opened them again she was like a stone. 
“Listen to me Raul. I’m leaving. You’re staying. I need you to be a good boy and mind your uncle.” Her voice started to crack and she said, “I’ll come back for you soon.”
Then she kissed my cheek, and ran to the taxi. I chased her down the street, waving; screaming; crying. She never even looked back.
And she never came back like she said she would either. That was twenty years ago. It would be another ten years before we saw each other again, and not because she came back to me. It was because, just like Geraldo, I went looking for her. 
It might sound like a sad upbringing to some people, but where kids like me and Geraldo are from, it is kind of the norm. Damn near everyone I knew growing up had at least one parent in the US, some had both.
I knew how Geraldo felt. It was a strangely powerful thing, that longing to be with your mother. I would have tried to go to her at Geraldo’s age or maybe even younger if I thought I could get away with it, but Uncle Hector wouldn’t have it. He was a good father to me. 
The sour tinge of loss hit me in the chest like a sledge hammer. I couldn’t believe he was gone. 
I looked at Geraldo sitting on the pile of cardboard he used as a bed, and I felt for him. “Don’t you have any other family in El Salvador? Or is your mom all you have?” I asked.
“No.” He lowered his head, and fiddled with the cement lip of the mausoleum. “I don’t have any other family.” He looked off in the distance. “For me, there is only el norte.”
In that moment wanted to hug him. I wanted to let him know he wasn’t alone, that I would do anything possible to make sure he made it to his mom. But I couldn’t do that. So we just laid back in silence for a few moments and watched the sky.
“I don’t have any family left in Honduras either. Do you remember how I told you I fell from the train?”
“Yeah.”
“When I fell, I got separated from my two cousins. One of them was around your age, and tough like you. We were heading north to stay with my mom. She also abandoned me to go north when I was five. The trip was all going perfectly, until I fell from the damn train, and now I don’t know if I will ever see any of them again.”
“Don’t say that,” Geraldo said with a forcefulness I hadn’t heard in him until now. “You will see them again. You will. Just don’t lose hope, and you will see them again.”
We looked at the stars overhead, and Geraldo tapped me on the arm. “Hey, look at that. A shooting star!” He pointed to a light streaking across the sky. “Hurry, make a wish!”
He closed his eyes and whispered to himself. After a few moments he said, “Did you make one?” 
“No.”
“Why not?”
I shook my head. “I just didn’t.”
“You know what I wished for?”
“What?”
“That we will make it to our families safely.”
“A good wish.”
“Yeah, and it has to come true too because I wished on a shooting star.”
“I can’t argue with that.” I rolled over and closed my eyes. “Good night, kid.”  
“Night.” 
He stayed up staring at the sky, looking for more shooting stars. I didn’t have the heart to tell him the light moving across the sky wasn’t a magical wish granting shooting star, it was just a satellite.
CHAPTER 9
MS-13

Geraldo shook me softly. “Wake up,” he whispered. 
My eyes snapped open. I sucked in a sharp breath, and started to say something, but Geraldo clamped a hand over my mouth and put his finger to his lips in a silent warning.
A radio cackled somewhere nearby and a monotone voice said, “¿Jiminez, como estás?”
My eyes went wide when I heard it, and I bit down hard on my lip to keep quiet.
A different voice on the radio responded. “I’ve got two migrants over here in the east corner, but nothing on the suspects.” The radio fell silent. There was shouting on the other side of the cemetery. The voice came back on the radio. “Make that five migrants— three more behind the tree. What do you want me to do with them?” The radio popped off.
“Bring them in.”
“Yes sir.”
The shouting started again on the other side of the cemetery and I had a strong urge to look. Quietly, and very slowly, I rolled over and slid myself toward the lip of the mausoleum. I lifted my head and got a quick glimpse.
A warm golden light poured across the cemetery, burning away the morning fog that clung to the graves. Black shapes glided across the brick pathways causing what was left of the fog to swirl around them. Black shapes in body armor and carrying AR-15’s— judicial police.
Near the far wall of the cemetery, where we had seen the clothes hanging on the tree limb yesterday, police escorted five people: three men, a woman, and a small child. The group walked single file with their hands behind their heads and their heads held low.
I heard the radio pop on again, this time the sound came from directly under me. I ducked down. Geraldo and I flattened out as much as possible. 
“Ramone, report.”
A man replied in a low voice, “All quiet over here. We’ve got nothing.”
I didn’t dare breathe. My brain scanned my memory for anything we may have done to give ourselves away. Did we throw the mango peels far enough away from the mausoleum? My shoes… Did my shoes leave scuff marks on the wall when I came up? 
Two officers spoke in low voices near the entrance of the mausoleum. I heard the plywood barrier get ripped away and thrown to the ground. Thank God we didn’t sleep in there!
After a few moments we heard the footsteps fading and I chanced another peek. Three black police trucks idled at the entrance to the cemetery. Small groups of officers fanned out and cut through the small paths between gravestones like they were part of a choreographed dance troop.
I ducked back.
“What are we going to do?” Geraldo whispered.
I shrugged.
I heard more shouts, and I ducked lower. This time I didn’t want to look. I knew what was happening: more men, women, and children, getting piled into cars; getting sent south. 
But this time the shouts were more excited than before, and I heard the FOP-POP FOP-POP-POP-POP of gun fire. I lifted my head up.
Three men in white t-shirts sporting the red colors and tattoos of Mara Salvatruchra, dashed across the cemetery, with left hands holding up sagging pants, and right hands clutching pistols. An officer in the front shouted something, then fired. Grey chalky mist flew up from the cement blocks on the ground near the boys. More gun fire. More mist, this time the grey was laced with pink. One of the boys fell.  
The other two split up. One of the MS members cut right and made a b-line for the fence. The other slid behind a tomb and returned fire. 
Police closed in on him from all angles, combat gliding and popping their guns. The air around the tomb turned into a brown cloud of dust. 
The one running for the fence was cut off by two officers outside the graveyard. They propped their guns on the brick wall and shouted for him to stop. He turned to run the other way, and three more officers rushed toward him. They told him to get on the ground or get shot.
He dropped his gun and fell to the ground. The officers rushed on top of him and cuffed him.
At the tomb the gunfire had stopped, and the gangster lay limp on the cool brick pathway, dark blood oozed out of him like a car with a hole in the oil pan.
We stayed on the roof for a long time after all the cops had left, which wasn’t until late in the afternoon. In the meantime, three other migrant families got caught hiding among the graves and were packed up into the police trucks to be shipped south like the others.
When we finally got up enough nerve to climb down, my muscles were so stiff I thought I would surely fall from the lion statue. My legs and arms trembled from disuse as I made my way down, but I made it without hurting myself.
Geraldo showed me where the water spigot for the ground crew was. We took turns drinking. The water tasted like lead but it was still delicious. I drank until I groaned from the pain in my belly. 
After that we found an old beer can someone had thrown behind a grave and crushed it, then using the tombstones as markers played some soccer.
“I’m Messi,” Geraldo said.
“Okay, then I’m Ronaldo.”
He was quick, and with my busted leg he ran circles around me. He stole the can from me, shuffle stepped and shot it between my legs. The can scratched across the brick cobbles and rattled free behind me. He slipped past me and shot a goal. The clang of the metal on the tombstone echoed in the silence.
“GOOOOAAAAALLLL!!” He thrust his hands in the air and ran circles around me laughing and saying, “You fell for the oldest trick in the book.” 
“Shhh.” I snapped my head in the direction of the tracks.
He put his arm around me. “Relax, I’m just joking.” 
I said nothing. 
“What is it?” He followed my gaze. “Raul, what?”
Something moved swiftly between the trees, and a whistle blew. 
We looked at each other and said, “Train!”
The graveyard, which was so silent and empty just moments ago, exploded with movement. People emerged from nowhere, like roaches in a dirty apartment after the lights had been turned off. They climbed from behind graves, and under trees, and squeezed through cracks in mausoleum doors. And all of them ran toward the train.
Geraldo and I joined them, running down the hill, zigzagging between graves. All of us were in the same race, united by our hope of making it north, and running to the one thing that could get us there.
We jumped the low brick fence, and dashed across the empty parking lot of a supermarket. Others joined us from behind the bleachers of the neighboring soccer field, and still others from the drainage ditch behind the supermarket. All of us ran wild like a pack of dogs that had finally picked up the scent of their quarry and were determined to not let it get away. 
In the back of the supermarket parking lot, a five meter wide sewage canal separated us from the tracks. There were pallets, and planks and stones that others before us had thrown into the muck to help get across. The mass of people ran head long over the makeshift bridge. 
Soon the bridge was so crowded that a line was forming. Some of the more zealous migrants shoved the others along. A few of them fell and splashed in the knee-deep sludge. Once safely on the other side they shook the shit from their feet and raced on. 
Geraldo rushed across in front of me, hands in the air for balance. When I was halfway, I jumped onto a piece of wood in the canal and felt a tinge of pain in my ankle. Someone pushed me from behind, and I almost slipped into the mud, but I regained my balance and hopped across the remaining stones on one leg and then hobbled toward the top of the canal.
A lump in my throat grew with the realization that I might get left behind again. I was sure Geraldo would be way ahead of me by now, maybe even on the train already. But when I looked up, there he was, waiting for me. 
“Are you good?”
“Yeah.”
“Then let’s go,” he said, and reached out a hand to help me up. “There are only like ten cars left.” 
We ran across the open stretch of grass between the canal and the tracks. The whole way there the only thing I could think about was what the doctor had told me, Aren’t you afraid of getting back on the train that almost took your life? Yeah Doc, I am, but I don’t have any other option, do I? 
I ran alongside the train, and scared as shit that I would be left behind again. I got déjà vu as I watched Geraldo climb onboard in front of me. When I reached out for the ladder, panic nearly overtook me. I swallowed it down and forced myself to shimmy onto the covered hopper, out of breath and sweating from fear as much as from exertion.
Three other migrants were already cramped in a group sitting on the ledge. 
I nodded to them, “Buenos dias.”
“Buenos dias.” They replied in unison. 
Another man came up behind me. There was not enough room for him on the platform. So he climbed onto the round compressor on the end of the hopper. He let his feet dangle there, only a few feet from the white-hot metal wheels.
I checked to be sure no one else was coming, and then climbed up the ladder to the top of the hopper. We could have stayed down there with the others, but it was too cramped and I didn’t know those people. They seemed friendly enough, but you never know.
I could tell the hopper was full of grain because it was very stable on the bumps and curves. We crawled into the middle of the car and wedged ourselves between the grates by the doors. I wrapped my good arm around the metal lip behind me and settled in for the long haul ahead.
Pain came over me in a wave. My ankle throbbed and my shins were bleeding. I must have hit them on the rungs of the ladder when I jumped on, but I didn’t feel anything at the time. Adrenaline I guess. I didn’t care, they would just be another set of war wounds, proofs of my passage that I could show people when I told the story of my journey north.
From our new perch, I looked back at the people who had been left behind to run along the rails after the train. I was relieved, that this time, I wasn’t one of them. 
Along the entire length of the train in front of me I could see people hanging on the sides of tankers, or jumping from car to car, or helping each other up to the top of boxcars as they tried to find the best spot to sit.
The train picked up speed and the trees whipped past. We crossed a wooden bridge over a murky river that reeked like a sewer. People fishing on the banks down below whistled and waived at us as we passed. They didn’t seem to notice the stink. The bridge ended and we plunged back into the trees. 
I looked over at Geraldo. He smiled at me, and I smiled back. 
We had at least six hours before we had to change trains in Medias Aguas, Veracruz, the home turf of the Los Zetas drug cartel. Six hours was enough time to rest.
I leaned against the cool metal and closed my eyes. I listened to the wheels churn, and the metal creak, and the cars clang, and the wind blow. Up ahead someone shouted “Rama!” 
I opened my eyes, and leaned to one side to avoid the oncoming branches. Then settled back in and I closed my eyes once more. I took a deep breath and let myself relax. It felt good to be home.
CHAPTER 10
We are Los Zetas

Around sunset the train slowed and blew its horn as we passed through Matías Romero, a small town half way to Medias Aguas. People stood up on the train and moved to the sides of the cars, looking down to the tracks. I leaned over to see what all the commotion was about.
Dozens of people were running out of the simple houses lining the tracks. They ran toward the train holding plastic grocery bags and cloth bundles. 
Two small girls ran beside our car.
“¡Órale gente! Look over here guys!” they shouted to us, and threw a plastic bag. I reach for it but the bag fell short and bounced off the side of the car. One of the kids picked it up and chased after us to try again. 
People were throwing food from both sides of the tracks. Geraldo went to the other side of the car to try and catch something. 
The girl hauled back and threw the bag again. It still fell a little short but I was able to snatch it out of the air.
I held it up and smiled at the kids. “¡Muchas gracias!” 
They smiled and waved, then ran back to their mom, who gave them more bags to throw.
All along the tracks people tossed gifts. These were simple people. It was a case of the poor giving to the poorer. They shouted scripture at us, and other words of encouragement. I stood and waved to them all. 
“¡Aqui chavo! Over here boy!” An old man in a panama hat tossed me a two liter bottle of water. It landed right in my arms. 
“¡Gracias señor!” I called back to him. He waved to me, and then got another bottle from a wheel barrow he had sitting next to him and threw it to someone else.
After we had passed the food-tossers, Geraldo and I met in the center of the car to divide the spoils.
“What did you get?” he asked.
“Well, I got this water, and in here…” I opened the blue plastic bag the girls had thrown me. “Looks like a bunch of crackers. How about you?”
He opened his bags to show me, “Some apples and a loaf of bread.”
I smiled and grabbed his shoulder, “We’re going to eat like kings tonight my friend.”
“Yeah we are. I love coming through here.”
“Me too. It would be hard to make it all the way north without people like this.” I broke the loaf of bread in half and gave him a piece. It was still warm. I took a huge bite, and moaned. “God this is good.”
We hadn’t eaten anything since the mangoes the other night on the roof of the mausoleum. I had already eaten nearly half of the bread before I realized what I was doing and stopped myself. 
“You know Geraldo, we should try to save as much of this as we can. We don’t know when we are going to get food like this again.”
“You’re right.” He took one more big bite and handed what was left of his half to me.
 With regret, I wrapped both pieces back in the cloth and put the rest into the bags. I drank a little water and passed it to Geraldo.
He drank and wiped his mouth. He handed the bottle back to me, and I saw that his eyes were watery.
“You okay? What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing,” he said sucking back tears.  “It’s just good to know there are places like this in the world.”
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know, it’s just, it’s like sometimes people take things from you. And it sucks, you know? But then you come through places like this, and you know that there are still people who will give you something back. These people, they have nothing but they are so generous. It really makes a difference.”
“That’s true. I feel like Chiapas took a piece of my humanity away from me. It is nice to get a little bit of it back.”
“Yeah, that’s what I mean!”
“You know,” I said looking at him sideways, “you’re a real mature kid for an eleven year old.”
“Is that a good or a bad thing?”
“It’s a very good thing.”
“Oh,” he smiled, “then thanks!”
“Know what Geraldo?”
“What?”
“I’m really glad I met you.”
He smiled. “Me too.”

We arrived at Medias Aguas in the early hours of the morning. There was no one to toss us food out here like in Oaxaca. No shelter to sleep in like in Chiapas. Out here you were on your own. 
This was the end of the line for our train, and we had to wait two days in a trackside shantytown for the next train headed for Tierra Blanca. It had been the easiest train to get on of all of them so far because we were able to board before the train even started moving. But we weren’t without fear. 
Since we arrived in Veracruz, there seemed to be only one phrase on people’s lips— Los Zetas. 
The history of the Zetas is well known in the lore of the migrant trail. As the story goes, the Zetas got their start as bodyguards for the leader of the Gulf Cartel back in the late 90’s. The dude was in the middle of a territorial dispute with another cartel, and was paranoid that someone would assassinate him. So he did what any intelligent cartel leader would do, he went out and corrupted a bunch of Special Forces agents and made them into his personal bodyguards. 
Man that Gulf Cartel leader guy is so smart, why don’t they all do that? 
Because it can come back to bite you in the ass, that’s why. Turns out, the underworld wasn’t ready for this new style of high-tech, highly organized, military style operation. By the time 2010 rolled around, the Zetas had made themselves more powerful than the Gulf Cartel, and they separated to start a cartel of their own. 
Once they were free to do what they liked, they went berserk, and launched aggressive offenses to expand their territory. They went in, Viking-style, and violently slaughtered anyone who stood against them. These dudes would torture people and hang their mutilated remains from street lights as a warning. Needless to say, people submitted. Until a couple years ago, Los Zetas were the largest cartel in the country. Their territory ran from the Texas border all the way through Guatemala. 
Nowadays, they aren’t the same Zetas though. As they expanded across Mexico, the military training of their membership became diluted. Soon they were just like every other cartel, still brutal, but not nearly as sophisticated. And what was once a centrally controlled organization devolved into a bunch of independent local groups held together more by the zeta name than anything else.
But that wasn’t a good thing for us migrants because now their survival depended more on income from local crimes in the territories they held than on the international drug trade. And local crimes like kidnapping migrants for ransom make up the bulk of their newly evolved business portfolio. 
Which is why every time the train slowed, to roll through the small towns dotting the mountains along the coast of Veracruz, people got nervous. 
Was it reducing speed because of that curve up ahead, or was it because the engineer had been paid off by Los Zetas? Did that white truck kicking up dust on the farm road between the sugarcane fields near the tracks belong to a farmer, or was he working with the cartel, trying to stop the train?
We rode like that for hours. Afraid. Unsure of what fate had in store for us. 
People dealt with their fear in different ways. Some joked, some talked, some swallowed it up, not even admitting their fear to themselves, but most of them prayed. A lot of the migrants believe it was God who’d brought them this far; that it was their faith that had seen them through.
That day we shared the top of our freight car with three brothers from Guatemala. In the early afternoon the train passed by a giant statue of Jesus perched on a distant mountain. The statue was so far away that from here it looked more like a tiny white crucifix than a gigantic stone savior looking for a hug.
The three brothers made the sign of the cross. Two of the brothers lowered their heads and closed their eyes to pray. Geraldo joined them. The other brother, who was chubby and had a lazy eye, chose not to bow his head. Instead he looked up and closed his eyes, raising his hands to the heavens and muttered his prayer with trembling hands. 
I’ve got to be honest; I never got that whole shaky-hand-prayer thing. Was it supposed to make your prayer stronger or something? Because from what I can tell, all it does is make you look like an overzealous jackass.
I didn’t need to know any of these guys well to have an idea what they were saying. They were making silent deals with God: please Lord, if you will just see me through this next stretch, if you will protect me and my family, I promise I will always serve you forever— or stop drinking, or stop cheating on my wife, or stop diddling myself, or whatever fit their particular flavor of sin. In all my years, I have yet to see God take anyone up on one of these deals, but who knows maybe old shaky hands there will be the first. 
When the chubby brother finished, he dug his small pocket bible out of a Ziploc bag he used to protect it. It was common for people to hide money in bibles like those, thinking that no one would dare steal a holy book. And they were right. The robbers and/or police would just thumb through the pages and take the money, but they always gave the bibles back. They wouldn’t be able look people in the eye at church on Sunday if they didn’t.
The man cracked the book open to a well-worn page and began reciting a passage. Geraldo sat there listening intently. After the man had read a few things and they said their Amens, Geraldo came over to me. 
“You didn’t want to pray with us?”
“Not really.”
“Why not?”
“I’m not exactly what you would call a religious person.”
“No? Yeah, me either. I mean, I believe in God and all, but I don’t really go to church.”
“That’s good kid.”
“Is that how you are?”
I nodded toward the sky, and changed the subject. “Looks like rain. I hope we make it to Tierra Blanca before the rain hits.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s going to be a bitch jumping off the train in the rain.”

We didn’t make it to Tierra Blanca before the rain hit. The train rode right into a solid curtain of water. The huge drops stung when they smacked into us as we sped along at fifty miles an hour. 
We climbed onto the crowded platform of a hopper and joined all the others trying to escape the downpour. We clung to whatever slippery metal bars we could find for a good thirty minutes before we heard the hiss of the brakes and the squeal of the wheels that let us know the train was slowing. The cars clanged together, and the train dominoed to a stop. We had made it to Tierra Blanca.
 The rain didn’t let up at all. Everyone jumped off and ran to find shelter under trees or the eaves of buildings near the tracks. The fear in the air was so thick it made you want to cough. 
The train was changing cars. We’d be here a while. People huddled in groups, constantly looking over their shoulders as they spoke in hushed tones, passing the time by swapping horror stories. 
“I know someone who was kidnapped here last year,” said one person said.
“I heard they got a big group of people here a few months ago,” said another.
“Not even two weeks ago, I saw five people get forced into a van at gunpoint right over there. Yes, right there, by that bus stop.”
I didn’t want to sit here and listen to this stuff. So, I got Geraldo went to look for some food. We hadn’t had anything to eat since a day and a half ago when we ran out of the crackers the girl had thrown to us out back in Matios Ramero. I only had a few pesos left. This would likely be our last real meal before we’d have to start begging, so I wanted to spend my money wisely.
For people like Geraldo and me, hunger wasn’t anything new. Like most Central Americans, we grew up poor. And when I say poor, I’m talking real poverty, not that North-American-defunct-nobleman, my-light-bill-is-two-months-overdue kind of poverty. I’m talking only-having-enough-food-to-eat-once-a-day kind of poor, or maybe even every other day when the money was tight. And that one meal was usually just a piece or two of airy bread and some weak coffee. When I was a kid, a lavish meal was when my mom scrounged up enough cash to buy tortilla mix, then poured it into a large glass of water with a little sugar. I’d drink it till I thought my belly would burst and then drink a little more. I never felt so full. That was our version of Christmas dinner.
I doubted anything we found here would fill us like that, but I hoped it would come close. We took the two black plastic bags I had used to make my tent in Ixtepec and tied them around us like hooded cloaks and went into town. Tierra Blanca was a small town but was still twice the size of Ixtepec and had better infrastructure. Here, at least, we had the luxury of walking on paved roads with actual sidewalks. 
We went to a supermarket two blocks from the central square and I bought us a big bag of animal crackers and some cheap canned beef to dip them in. 
We stopped to a few blocks away, under the eve at the post office. It had been closed for hours and looked empty so it would make a good place to wait out the rain unmolested. We removed our bag-cloaks, and I covered the two trashcans in the parking lot with them, loosely tying them around the opening. Then we left them to gather rain for us as we ate. 
We sat, watching streaks of water stream down from the overhang above. It made a barrier, like a liquid version of one of those beaded curtains from the seventies. It closed us in and shut us out from the world outside.
I opened the can of beef and crackers and sat them between us. “It’s not anything great, but it should do the job.”
Geraldo smiled and said, “It’s perfect. Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it.” I handed him a cracker. “You first.”
Geraldo took a small scoop of beef on his cracker. 
“Aw, what is that? Come on, get something on there.”
“I don’t want to waste it.”
“You’re not wasting anything. Eat!” I grabbed his hand and scooped a heaping red chunk of the salty meat onto his cracker. I did the same with mine and we tapped our crackers like we were clinking champagne glasses. 
“Buen provecho.”
“Gracias. Egualmente.”
We devoured our crackers and took turns pouring the last bit of crumbs into our mouths before I folded up the bag and stored it in my back pocket. You never knew when things like that could come in handy. I let Geraldo lick the can clean.
“Just be careful not to cut your tongue on the lip.” 
He was, and when he finished, I kept the can too. I ran out in the rain and grabbed our plastic bags. They were full of fresh clean rain water. We drank all of it, then sat under that overhang talking until the streetlights came on. 
“Raul, why don’t you like to talk about God?”
“I didn’t know I didn’t.”
“You don’t.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Well, you always make funny faces when people are praying, like you are secretly laughing at them.”
“I do?”
“Yeah, and earlier you changed the subject when I was trying to talk to you.”
“You noticed that huh?”
“Yeah.”
“I’m sorry kid, but I really don’t feel comfortable talking about this stuff with you.”
“But why not? Don’t you trust me?”
“Of course. I don’t mean it like that. It’s just, well, you’re so young. I don’t want to be influencing your beliefs or anything. It’s not my place.”
“What does that mean?”
“Nothing. It’s just, it’s complicated. Alright?”
“I thought we were friends.”
“We are.”
“Then you should be able to tell me anything.”
“I should?”
“Yeah, that’s what friends do.”
“Alright, fine.” I looked at him and sighed. “I don’t think God exists. You happy now?”
“What do you mean you don’t think he exists?”
“I mean I think that he probably doesn’t exist. That he isn’t real. He’s just made up like Santa Claus.”
“But how can you say that? Of course he exists.”
“See? This is why I don’t like to tell people this stuff.”
“I’m sorry, it’s just that I’ve never met anyone who doesn’t believe in God.”
“You probably have, they just don’t talk about it.”
“Maybe.”
“Look, can we talk about this later? The rain has stopped and we should get back to the train.”
“Okay.” 
We got our things and walked back toward the train in the dim orange glow of the street lights. We stuck to the alleyways and backstreets to avoid being noticed. There were very few people out. Two sketchy looking guys passed us, but they were walking on the other side of the street in the opposite direction, so I didn’t pay much attention to them.
“Raul,” Geraldo said, grabbing my arm. “Thank you for trusting me.”
I smiled. Man, this kid was something else. “No problem. Thanks for listening. You’re a good friend.” He smiled and I ruffled his hair, and he tried to slap my arm away, the way Victoria used to.
We walked on, and when we were about to turn the corner so we could cut behind the supermarket where we had bought the animal crackers, I felt like someone was watching us. I looked around and saw two shadowy figures in hoodies, with their hands stuffed deep in their pockets, walking down the street behind us. The same two shady guys we passed earlier going in the opposite direction. A lump grew in my throat. 
I put my arm on Geraldo’s shoulder and walked faster. “Don’t look now, but you see those two guys behind us?”
He turned and looked. 
I jerked his head back. “I said don’t look.”
“Who are they?”
“I don’t know but I think they are following us.” 
“What? Why? Are they going to hurt us?”
“I don’t know. Just shut up and listen will you? When we get around this corner I want you to run to the train. I’ll meet you there.”
“What? No! I’m not leaving you.”
“Shh. Not so loud.” I sped up a little more, so did the two men. “You can run faster than me, and there is no sense in both of us getting caught. Run and hide. I’ll meet you by the park where we got off. Okay?”
He nodded. “Raul,” he said. “I’m scared.”
“Me too.” 
As we approached the corner, I was walking so fast I was basically jogging. I looked back as we turned the corner and saw the two men sprinting after us. 
I shoved Geraldo in front of me. “Run!”
He took off, and within seconds he was way down the road. He cut left and ducked down a side street and out of sight. I followed, but no where near as fast.
The two men skidded around the corner behind me. Their black combat boots splashed in the newly formed rain puddles. 
One of them fired a pistol into the air, and I froze.
“We are Los Zetas,” he said. “Take another step, and you’re dead.”
CHAPTER 11
Cuerno de Chivo

The two men dragged me all the way to the train, where more than a hundred other migrants were lined up in the mud on the shoulder of the tracks, under a streetlight. All of them were on their knees, with their hands behind their heads. 
A clean white SUV with black tinted windows and chrome rims idled nearby. Its ultra-white lights shined on three windowless cargo vans that were parked in the wet grass parallel to the train. 
Four hooded zetas walked down the line of hostages waving their pistols. Two more with AK-47s kept watch from the tracks. 
“Hands behind your head. Stay put,” one of the guys carrying me said. He shoved me in the mud next to an old man in a plaid shirt. They left me and went to talk with one of the men carrying an AK. 
I considered trying to run, but I knew I wouldn’t get far. I racked my brain for an idea of how I might get out of this, but came up with nothing. In the end, I did as I was told and stayed put. 
I leaned forward and looked down the line for any sign of Geraldo, but it was dark and hard to see. The men with pistols walked in front of the hostages. Every now and then one would stop to pluck a young woman from the pack. He’d escort her to one of the three windowless cargo vans and throw her in. Then he’d go back to look for another one. 
A man stood to defend one of the screaming girls when one of the zetas tried to take her away. The zeta shot him in the face. 
People screamed. Gangsters shouted. The old man beside me said a prayer. 
A kid farther down the line made a run for it. Then three other people bolted, each in a different direction. 
The thugs with the AK’s took care of the first one. Bullets cracked through the air and turned him into a cloud of pink mist before he made it twenty meters. The men with pistols chased down the others, who ran through the open field between the tracks and the highway. 
Sporadic shots clapped. One of them fell, with a splash, in a watery puddle not far from where he started. Another cluster of shots. The other two dropped. One lay unmoving in the wet grass halfway to the highway. The other, only a few meters in front of him, was still moving. He groaned as he tried to crawl away. 
Everything went quiet. In the stunned silence, one of the injured men moaned. A single shot rang out. The moaning stopped.
Shouting came from behind me to my left. A zeta, in a black hoody with the straight bill of a Yankees hat sticking out under it, caught the crawling guy and dragged him back to the train by his shirt. The teenage boy had been shot once in the leg, and twice in the shoulder. He begged to be let go. The zeta hauled the pleading boy in front of us all.
“Please,” the boy cried, a thin strip spittle formed at the edges of his mouth as he spoke. “I’m so sorry. Please. Oh God, please no.”
The zeta didn’t say anything. He walked in front of him and raised his pistol. 
The teenager prayed. “Father into your hands—”
Two gunshots to the chest cut his prayer short. He collapsed to the ground, where he laid in the fetal position moaning softly.
The zeta turned to face us and screamed, “¡Miran putos! And see what happens when you fuck with us!” He straddled his victim’s body. He pointed the gun at the boys head, then he turned to us and said, “Don’t fuck with us.” 
He fired a single shot, which lit everything for an instant in high contrast, like a yellow-gelled camera flash. I closed my eyes but the green afterimage of the boy’s final moment on earth was etched into my brain: The thug standing over him hooded in black like a gangster version of the grim reaper updated for modern times, his gun spitting fire, illuminating them both and the train behind, reflections of light in small puddles on the ground at the thug’s feet where the boy’s body laid curled up and helpless, wet spots of mud and blood mixing together, turning the teenager’s grey shirt black. And the worst part— that final millisecond when the body went limp.
The shot echoed for a long time in the silence that followed. No one moved. 
The Zetas went back to their work of picking out the women. After they had chosen the girls they wanted, the one in the Yankees hat tapped on the door of the white SUV.  
A man stepped out. He wore black cowboy boots, designer jeans, and a black button-down shirt tucked in behind a black belt with an oversized diamond studded buckle in the shape of a skull and crossbones. The scar running down his cheek cut a white streak through his black goatee. 
The boss looked inside the van loaded full of girls, and selected two. The chosen girls were escorted to the SUV. Then the one of zetas closed up the doors, locking the rest of the girls in the van, started up the engine and drove off. 
The boss walked down the tracks toward us. He said something to the guy in the Yankees hat. The guy in the hat ran off toward the engine of the train.
The boss reached out a hand as he passed one of the men with an AK. The man handed his weapon to his leader. The boss strode across the tracks until he was right in the center of the group of migrants that his men had assembled for him today. 
He stopped and faced us. Behind him the engine of the train started up, and the guy in the Yankees hat came running back from the front of the train. He gave his boss a thumbs up. 
The boss nodded, and raised his AK into the air. He fired off a few rounds and said, “Alright motherfuckers, listen up!” The train lurched forward, and the cars clanged down the line as couplers tightened. “Here’s the deal. Today we are collecting taxes, and you guys are going to pay like the upstanding citizens you are.” He began to pace. “The train is about to leave in a few minutes. Those of you who want to be on it will pay us three hundred dollars apiece. If you can’t pay, you can’t ride the train. Plain and simple.” He looked at everyone up and down the line, letting his words sink in. “Let me be clear about one thing. No one gets through here without paying. For those of you that don’t have enough money, you will come with us and we will talk to your families and they will pay. But each of you will pay somehow, if it isn’t with dollars, it will be with your life.”
People shuffled around restlessly, some started to talk. He fired the gun into the air again. 
“Nobody fucking move unless one of us tells you to!” He started pacing again. “Let’s keep this nice and orderly, do what we say, and you won’t get hurt. Test us, and well…” He turned and pointed the gun at the dead man on the tracks. “You’ve already seen what’ll happen if you do that.”
Zetas went around collecting money, and the people who paid hurried onto the train. The groups with coyotes went first, paying in one lump sum for their pollos. A man snuck into one such group. When the coyote paid, the zeta counting the money stopped him.
“This isn’t enough.”
“Are you sure? I counted it twice.”
“I’m sure. You paid for six, you have seven.”
“Seven? No, it’s six.” The coyote turned and inspected his group. The man ducked behind the other migrants, but the coyote spotted him. “I’m sorry,” the coyote said to the man before he turned back to the zeta. “This one is not with me.” 
The group turned their back as the zeta raised his gun. The man tried to run. The zeta fired four rounds, killing the man. The zeta walked back to the coyote like nothing had happened and said, “What are you still doing here? You paid for six. You can go.” 
The coyote’s group hesitated.
“Go! You’re holding up the line.”
They quickly boarded the train. The train started down the tracks, nice and slow, and more people got on, but there had to be at least forty of us left, and the zetas went around to the rest of us asking the same question: Do you have phone numbers for your contacts in the U.S? They divided us into two groups based on our answers.   
When they came to me, I didn’t know how to respond. If I told them yes, they would surely use the numbers to try and collect a ransom from my mom, demanding money I knew she didn’t have. But then again, if I said no, well then I’d be no use to them anymore at all, and I definitely didn’t want that. 
So I said yes, and joined the twenty-five or so in the ‘yes’ group. I walked through the cluster of people, searching each face, looking for Geraldo. I didn’t see him. 
As they herded us toward the two remaining vans, I looked behind me at the people left in the ‘no’ group, frantically searching for Geraldo. I didn’t see him there either, but he was short, and it was hard to see with them shoving us around. I prayed Geraldo wasn’t there. Hopefully he was still hiding somewhere in the city, somewhere safe.
People piled into the first van and filled it up. I kept looking back. I saw the back of a kid with a purple shirt. Geraldo was wearing a purple shirt. Fuck, I still couldn’t tell if it was him. I tried to see over the zeta behind me. The kid had disappeared in the group. 
I called out to him, “Geraldo?”
One of the thugs shoved me forward. “Into the van asshole.”
“Geraldo?”
Another shove. I climbed into the back of the van. I was the last one in. The other van started up and drove away. 
I stared out of the doorway, looking for any sign of him. The man in the Yankees hat pointed his gun in my face and told me to step back. I moved out of his way, but as I watched him slam the left door shut, everything felt odd. 
It was like I wasn’t here, like this wasn’t real. I watched the thug walk to the other side to close the other door, and saw the tracks behind him. Was that me who had gotten off the train just over there with Geraldo earlier? Was that today? Did that even happen?
With a strange detachment, I watched the people from the ‘no’ group huddled in the muddy patch of grass under the streetlight, surrounded by zetas. I saw the men carrying AK’s shout at them, but I couldn’t hear any of it. It was like I was watching a movie with the volume turned all the way down. 
I felt nothing as I watched the hostages cry, as they slowly lowered themselves to lie face down in the mud. I felt nothing when I saw the zetas cock their weapons, and brace the butts of their assault rifles against their shoulders and spread their legs into an athletic stance to prepare for the recoil. 
The man in the Yankees hat swung the other door shut, and in the small sliver of a crack, just before the door closed, I saw him out there. His innocent face dirty with mud, his hands interlocked behind his curly black hair. We locked eyes as he lowered himself to the ground. He didn’t say anything but his eyes called out to me, asking me what was happening, begging me to save him.
The door slammed shut, cutting off our telepathic link, and all of those detached emotions returned at once, slamming into my chest with the slamming of that metal door, and my heart couldn’t take it. I felt something break inside me.
“No!” I banged against the door. “No! Let me out! Let me out! Geraldo!”
The passenger door of the van opened and closed. The cracks of the AK’s ripped through my brain, and cut deep streaks into my chest. Orange light flickered through seams in the doorframe. I screamed and threw myself against the door. 
The van started up, and I slid down the smooth white metal and collapsed on the floor as the van pulled away.
CHAPTER 12
Night Terrors

I don’t know how long we had been riding in the van, but I suspected it was a long time. 
I felt empty; drained. I hated myself for getting into this position. I hated myself for bringing Geraldo with me. The loss of Geraldo hit me hard because, for me, it wasn’t just the loss of Geraldo. When he died, it was like I lost my cousins too. I had finally come to accept the truth— they weren’t alive. They couldn’t be. If a kid like Geraldo, a kid who knew his way around, a kid on his eighth trip north couldn’t make it. How could they?
If what happened to Geraldo didn’t happen to them here, it would further down the road in Córdoba or Orizaba or Lechería or Nuevo Laredo. What was I thinking bringing them with me? This was no place for a kid. Geraldo, it was no place for a kid. No place.
Someone coughed, and I looked up. It was the first time I noticed the other people in the van with me since I got in. I’d been lying on the floor this whole time, and none of them even bothered help me up or see if I was okay. They were lost in their own thoughts I guess, watching their version of the same horror story running on repeat in their heads. 
A guy sitting across from me was rocking back and forth. He made moaning noises, like a child who fell from his bike and wanted his mother. I don’t think he even knew he was doing it. I don’t think he even knew where he was. 
I sat up and leaned my back against the doors. I wiped away the snot running from my nose but left the tears to dry themselves. The inside of the van smelled like dirt and old rubber and gas, like a mechanic shop. It was dark. The only sound was the sputter of the engine and creaking of the axles, oh and the moaning guy, of course.
The small window to the front cab didn’t let in much light, but it was enough to see by. I took stock of the people onboard. They lined the walls on both sides of the van, there had to be ten of us in here. Most of their sullen faces had wet cheeks, and no one made eye contact. They just stared off into space with their shoulders hunched. 
I wondered if I looked like them. If I looked broken, defeated; spent. I decided that I probably looked worse, and something snapped in me with that realization. I sat up straight and wiped my cheeks dry. 
 I wasn’t like these people. They were victims, and I wasn’t going to let those pinche zeta putas make me into a victim. 
I’m not trying to make light of what happened. We were all here because of terrible events that were beyond our control, we had been victimized, but that didn’t mean we had to give in. Once you succumb to that mentality, you’re finished. 
That is what a victim does. They give in to circumstance. They aren’t survivors, and that’s what this was— survival. If you don’t get your mind right, you don’t have a chance of making it out alive. 
I was going to get through this. There was no way I’d give those cowardly thugs the pleasure of breaking me. I owed at least that much to Geraldo, and my cousins too.
The van lurched hard to the right and we went off the pavement to a dirt road. We bumped around in the back for a while before the brakes finally screeched and the van slid to a stop. 
The others in the van looked around nervously.
The doors opened, and the zeta in the Yankees hat said, “¡Fuera putos! Get out bitches!” 
He grabbed me by the collar and threw me to the ground outside. Everyone piled out of the van and huddled together in the tall grass. 
We were in some valley. There was nothing around, just wild grass that ran all the way to the mountains which surrounded an old wooden ranch house. Thousands of tree crickets sang their reedy songs in the moonlight. 
Yankee Hat ushered us down a gravel pathway that led to the old crumbly-roofed house. A zeta with an assault rifle and sagging pants stood guard on the wrap-around porch. The front door was wide open. 
Yankee Hat led us inside. 
The house had been gutted. All the doors inside had been removed and the windows were boarded up. There was no furniture, except for an ancient rotting couch on the front porch. The open floorplan and lack of furniture in the living room and kitchen made the small space seem large. On the left wall a wide brick fireplace yawned, stained black from heavy use. 
An incandescent light dangling from wires in the ceiling hummed as we passed under it. They pushed us toward the farthest of the three open doorways that cut rectangular gouges into the wall opposite the fireplace. The first doorway led to a small bedroom with a couple of cheap dingy mattresses laid on the floor. Drug paraphernalia was strewn all over.
A young girl lay naked on top of one of those mattresses, held down by a zeta with his pants around his ankles. He grunted, and his belt buckle made scraping sounds on the uneven hardwood in time with his butt-clinching thrusts. 
She didn’t cry, she just took the abuse with a strange mannequin-like stillness, staring straight ahead, her mind in another place. I imagined she’d already given up on crying, these guys had obviously been at her for a while now. Two more thugs stood in the doorway, passing a blunt back and forth between them, and watching the show, or maybe they were waiting their turn. I didn’t know.
Next to that room was the bathroom, which I discovered was the source of the rancid stench that had been burning my nostrils since we walked in here. Graffiti was scrawled all over the mirror, and the sink was filthy but that wasn’t the worst of it. The booger-green toilet, devoid of lid or seat, was brimming with shit and piss. It looked like the bathtub had taken over toilet duties. It had a thick layer of lumpy brown sludge coating the bottom. Flies infested the place.
The final doorway led another bedroom. This must have been the master bedroom because it was almost twice the size of the other one. Like everywhere else in the house, it too, was without any furniture. 
In the center of the room, lined up in three orderly rows of five, sat the hostages from the other vans. They were all on their knees with their hands taped behind their backs. The fronts of their shirts were pulled over their heads. Except for the girls, who were lined up naked in the front row with their shirts tied around their eyes as blindfolds. 
The zetas told us to form a line. They duct taped us one by one and filed us in behind the others. I was last in line. As I waited for them to tape me up, I looked around. The only two exits I saw were guarded by men with machine guns hanging from straps on their shoulders. 
The front door was guarded by a guy with gauged earrings. He stood to the left of the door, and dug in his pocket. He pulled out a crack pipe, and lit it. Thick white smoke spilled into the room. The guard from the front porch came in and took a hit, then walked back outside. 
The other exit was through the kitchen and out the back door. Another guard stood there, leaning against the wall and resting his hands on the stock of his gun. He stared me down when he caught me looking at him. I turned away.
When it was my turn to get taped up, I made sure to flex my forearms as they did it, thinking that when I relaxed them I might have a little more freedom of movement. It didn’t work though. They taped me tight as shit. 
They shoved me to the end of the last row. There were five and a half rows of five now. I made number three in row six. So we were 28 hostages in total. 28 hungry beaten hostages verses seven well-armed zetas. Not bad odds if we united together and got ahold of a gun or two. Not good odds if we didn’t. 
“Sit your ass down,” the guy behind me said. 
I had been so caught up in my thoughts that I hadn’t knelt in my place. I started to sit, but he didn’t give me the chance. He kicked me in the back of the leg and pushed me down. I fell to my knees, and he pulled my shirt over my head.
Earlier, when I had seen at all the other hostages on the ground with their shirts over their heads, I had assumed they couldn’t see. It seemed like the shirts would act as decent blindfolds, but I could see just fine through the cheap cotton fabric of my red shirt. Of course everything had a strong tint to it, like a TV that had been adjusted too far to the R side, and it wasn’t easy to make out things in the shadows, but I could see shapes well enough. 
“Okay bitches,” Yankee Hat said. “Stay put, and no talking. Do as you’re told and you’ll be on your way north again in a few days. Don’t, and this will be your last stop.” 
They left us in there without a guard to watch over us. But then they didn’t have much to worry about; they had the place pretty well locked down.
Someone was shouting in the rape room they had set up next door, “Don’t just stay there like a dead fish! Move around God damn it!” 
I heard the girl being beaten. It sounded like the two zetas in the doorway had grown tired of watching and were now ready to participate.
“You know you like that you slut.” They beat her more, and more, and harder until finally she cried out in pain. “That’s it!” More beating and shouting. The wall rattled. She screamed. “Yeah, I knew you liked it rough.”
When they finished with her, they dragged her to the front row and tossed her aside— discarded, like a piece of chewing gum that had run out of flavor. Y 
 “Fucking whore,” one of them said. They laughed, and they hauled another one into the room. She screamed the whole way. “Oh yeah, this one is going to be a good one.” 
The entire night went on like that. They smoked their meth or crack or whatever they had in those little glass pipes, and when they rested between girls they came in to beat the rest of us, or shout threats at us. Sometimes they would drag one of us away, and bring the person back a little while later all battered and bloody. But mostly they took the girls.
I spent the entire night singing songs in my head, trying to cover up the sounds of the beatings, the screams of pain, the panting and grunting, and worst of all the hyper speed slap-slap-slap-slap-slap of bare wet skin on skin.
They dumped another girl and took two more. The screaming started up again. 
For Christ’s sake stop will you? They’ve been through enough! Jesus, not again! Oh God… 
I squeezed my eyes shut against the sounds and sang to myself. It was the same song I had been playing on repeat for hours, the one the man on the train had been singing the other day… 
Libre, como el sol cuando amaneca, yo soy libre, como el mar.
Libre, como el ave que escapó de su prisión y puede, al fin, volar.
Libre…Free. Oh God, please set us free.
CHAPTER 13
Losing His Head

Like everyone else huddled with me on the uneven wooden floor in that ranch house, my prayers went unanswered. No angel came in the night to kill our enemies and free us. No heavenly presence swooped in to protect us. No miracle of God gave our captors a change of heart. No, nothing had happened except more abuse. When morning came, we were in the same place as the night before, only more exhausted.
I didn’t get a wink of sleep, and I don’t think anyone else did either. The screams from the room next door still rang in my ears even though no one had been in there for hours.
Earlier, two of the zetas loaded all of the women in a van and drove away. They were most likely getting shipped off to work the brothels in the border towns on the Guatemala-Mexico line. That was where most women who are kidnapped in Mexico ended up eventually. I didn’t want to think about what horrors still awaited them.
God, I hoped nothing like that had happened to Victoria. If my cousins were still, I hoped Carlos was keeping them safe. 
After the van left with the girls, the other zetas took us into the living room, where Yankee Hat, stood shirtless next to the fire place. Gang tattoos covered his chest and back. He stood beside an old wooden end table. On the table was a beige chorded telephone.
“Okay putos,” he said, waving his gun at us. “Stay put and stay quiet. If you behave, we will get through this quick.” He grabbed the man closest to him by the hair. “You first.” He pulled him over to the phone. “Tell me the number of your contact in the US.”
“Uh…um.”
“Let’s go puto! Today!”
“Uh, O-ocho… ocho-cinc-co.”
“8-5… Come on, spit it out!”
“Ah, uh, ocho-cinco… ocho-cinco…um…”
“You’re about this close to spoiling my mood homie. Speak!”
He didn’t say anything.
Yank Hat pistol whipped him, and pointed the gun in his face. “You better not be wasting my time ese. It’s nothing for me to take your life right here.” He pressed the gun hard into his forehead. “You want to try me?”
The man shook his head. “No-no.”
“¡Entonces habla el numero! Then say the number!”
“I-I can’t remember!” 
He hit him again. “I swear to Christ, you don’t tell me that number, I’ll kill you right now.” He put the pistol under the guy’s chin and tightened his hand on the grip.
“El Rana, calm down,” one of the zetas said. He was pasty white, almost albino, with skin thin enough that you could see the blue-green veins running just underneath the surface. 
El Rana? The frog? So that was Yankee Hat’s name? Makes sense, his bug eyes and wide mouth did suggest a bit of frog not too far down the line on his family tree.
“Shut up, Casper.” El Rana said, “I’m handling this.” He cocked the pistol’s hammer back. “Spit it out!”
The hostage was crying now. His eyes clinched shut, anticipating the bullet.
“¡Habla puto!” 
“He’s too scared,” Casper said. “Let him calm down and he’ll remember. Get someone else for now.”
“Casper, I swear to God, if you tell me what to do again I will jam this pistol up to the trigger in your white ass and fire off a full clip.”
“Casper’s right, Rana.” One of the other thugs said. He had devil horns tattooed on his forehead. “Look at the guy’s pants for Christ’s sake.”
El Rana looked down and saw the man had pissed himself. He shoved him away in disgust. “Fine, put him over there and get me someone else.” 
While Devil Horns was busy getting the next hostage, El Rana turned to Casper and said, “Don’t you ever fucking tell me what to do again.”
Casper’s face was calm, unafraid. He stepped forward so they were chest to chest.  The albino towered over El Rana. They eyed each other. “Or what?”
“Do it again and you’ll see.”
Casper sucked his teeth. “Whatever.” He pushed El Rana aside, and said, “Can we get back to work now?”
Rana went to his place by the phone, and slapped around the next guy. He got the phone number out of this one, and the next one and the next one and the next one. 
The phone calls were very short. Rana spoke in his scariest voice, telling people that he had their friend or kid or whatever, and then he told them the price to set them free. The prices were different, ranging from three thousand to five thousand dollars. I had no idea how he came to the prices that he did, and it didn’t look like he did either. Sometimes it was a nice round 3,500 dollars here, 4,000 there, but every now and then it would be a strangely precise 4,217 dollars for one, 3,963 dollars for another. It was like he was pulling the numbers out of the smoke from that glass pipe he puffed on between calls.
Despite his irregularity in pricing, the phone calls all followed the same pattern. It reminded me a lot of my ex-girlfriend’s job. She used to work as a sales rep for a phone company. 
She used to say that at work she was “dialing for dollars”. He was doing the same thing. Just like every rep at my ex’s job, El Rana followed the script, adlibbed one or two lines, and returned to the script. When it was all done, he hung up and dialed the next number. Time was money on this job after all, which is what this was to him, just another day at the office. Only he happened to work for the world’s largest kidnapping network instead of AT&T, but business here was booming. 
When you think about it from a business standpoint, kidnappings were a pretty solid gig. They had many advantages over traditional underworld streams of income. It was much more lucrative to kidnap groups like mine, than to try and extort individual business owners. Not only would it take a long time to make the same money through extortion and racketeering, but the citizens can always call the cops and report the crime. 
Out here nothing will ever be reported, and the money comes fast. Once they’ve made their cash, all they have to do is wait a few days for the next train and do it again. Plus it is an easy way for them to supplement their sex trade income, supplying them with new prostitutes, and sex slaves to use in pornography or whatever other weird shit they did with the women they took. 
It was a criminal goldmine. From my group alone, they were going to make somewhere between sixty and a hundred thousand dollars. Pretty damn good for a couple of days work, especially by Mexican standards. You can do a lot with that kind of money around here. 
And it was obvious that this wasn’t our captor’s first rodeo. El Rana ran through his sales pitches like a pro. He didn’t waste any time. He went straight for the hard sell— give us the money or your kid is dead. Short, to the point, and effective. 
I watched him put the phone to the ear of the eighth hostage, to prove that they were in fact alive and in his possession, and I had an idea. When it was my turn, I would ask my mom if she had heard from Carlos or Victoria. I knew it would get me a beating but this might be my only chance to talk to her and I had to know if they were okay. It would be worth it to know if they were still alive.  
When El Rana hung up the phone he turned and called the first guy, the pants wetter, back up. “Okay drizzle dick, I’ve given you time to think about it. Let’s go.” He picked up the phone and hovered a finger over the keypad. “What’s the number?”
The man sat with his head lowered and said almost too soft to hear, “I don’t know.”
“What?”
“I don’t, I don’t know the number.”
El Rana slammed the phone down. “What did you fucking say you worthless piece of shit?” He slapped him in the face.
“I don’t know.” The man said, ducking away from the blows, “I’m sorry. I don’t know.”
“You don’t know or you don’t remember?”
The man didn’t respond. He was trembling.
“Answer me you Central American fuck.” He kicked him in the ribs and the man fell over. El Rana stood over him, pacing. “What’s the number?” He kicked him. ““I can’t believe this, after I let you live, you’re wasting my time again?” He kicked him some more. “You trying to make a fool out of me?” He slapped him in the side of the head. “Answer me bitch!”
“No. No I swear!”
“Alright.” He lifted the guy against the wall. “Enough fucking around. You tell me that God damn number right now or you are going to die. And it won’t be quick. You’ve already lost that privilege.”
“Please. I’m sorry. I don’t know. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Oh God! Oh God!”
The pistol went off. El Rana shot him in the gut.  
The man cried out in pain and fell to the floor, coughing. He spit out phlegmy strings of blood. 
El Rana watched him there, fuming. He reached down and dragged the man through the front door, down the steps of the porch, and out of sight. The man left behind a shiny streak of dark blood to mark their progress.
“Diablo,” El Rana called from outside. “Get the ax.”
El Diablo (the guy with the devil horn tats) went out the back door to get the ax. 
“Rana, come on. Do you have to do it like this?”
“Shut the fuck up Casper!”
Casper stood in the doorway, as El Rana beat the man and shouted things at him. 
Beating. Shouts. More beating, more shouts, until the cries of the man had grown almost nonexistent and there was only the dull thud of boots on flesh. 
El Diablo came back with the ax. He went past Casper and out the front door. Casper tried to say something to stop him, but Diablo wasn’t listening.
“Oh you’re in trouble now,” Rana said, and it grew quiet.
In the silence, a grunt. Then a hard crunch. Then a scream. It was pig squealing anguished scream that didn’t stop. Casper cringed and turned away from the doorway. Another crunch. A louder scream.
“Shut up,” El Rana said. “Shut up, shut up, shut up!”
There was one final loud crack that cut off the screams. Squishing sounds. Crack. Crack. Crunch. More squishing. 
Rana came back in, covered in blood. In one hand he held the ax. In the other, he held the man’s head by the hair, which had bits of grass clumped in it. 
He walked over and plopped the head down on the table next to the phone. It wobbled and fell over. He sat it back up. Thick blood slowly pooled on the surface. Someone vomited, and another two followed his lead.  
El Rana looked at us with wild-eyed fury. “If anyone else doesn’t know the number of your contacts in el norte, tell me now and you will receive a quick end. If not, you will get the same as my friend here.” He ruffled the dead man’s hair and laughed maniacally. 
No one moved.
He stopped laughing, and his face was serious again. He clapped his bloodstained hands together. “So, who’s next?”
El Diablo grabbed me by the collar and dragged me over to the phone and the disembodied head. When I got there, they forced me to my knees. I felt blood soaking through my jeans. It was still warm. I repressed a shiver.
El Rana smelled like a butcher shop, mixed with body odor, and the burnt-plastic smell of the drugs he smoked. I found myself growing nauseous. It was all I could do to keep from puking on him. 
“The number,” El Rana said.  
I came right out with it. “17709315587”
“Slower asshole.”
I repeated it slower for him.
He dialed, and asked the same questions he had asked everyone, “Who am I calling?”
“Olivia Rodriguez. My mom.” 
I fixed my eyes on the floor, afraid to look up and see the dead man’s face staring at me. But even without looking up, I could feel his sightless gaze boring a hole into the top of my head. I heard his blood dripping onto the floor and the buzz of the flies, which were already migrating from the bathroom to come feast on the fresh meat.  
I heard the phone ringing on the other end and my mom’s voice answer.
“¿Hola?”
“Olivia Rodriguez?”
“Sí.”
“We are Los Zetas. We have your son.”
“¡Oh Dios mio! ¡Dios mio!” 
“If you want to see him alive again, you will send us 4,000 US dollars. Just so you know we are not lying…” He put the phone to my ear. “Speak.”
“Hola mama. It’s me.”
“¡Raul, Dios mio!” She started crying.
“Mom, calm down. I’m fine.”
I looked at El Rana standing next to me. He leaned in and said, “Tell her to do as we say and don’t call the police.”  
“Mom you need to calm down and listen to me very carefully.”
She stopped crying.
El Rana nudged me with the phone impatiently.  
I looked at him for a long moment, then said as fast as I could, “Quick mom, tell me, have you heard from Carlos or Victoria?”
“What?” she said.
“¡Hijo de la puta!” El Rana snatched the phone away from my ear and kicked at me but I jumped away. He lost his balance and slipped in the blood on the floor. The head rolled off the table and landed on him. He screamed, and crawled away from it. Some of the hostages sniggered, a few of them even let slip a laugh. 
The phone dangled from the chord and I shouted into the receiver. “Mom, have you heard from them?”
“Yes, they called a couple weeks ago.”
My heart soared.
El Rana got to his feet, and said, “You’re going to pay for that you son of a bitch.”
I shouted into the phone, “Are they okay? Where are they?”
Before she could respond, they were dragging me away. Casper and El Diablo took me into the rape room and kicked the shit out of me. Between the blows I heard El Rana in the other room.
“The price just went up…” Diablo punched me in the face. Casper kicked me in the kidneys. “Eight thousand…” I curled into the fetal position to protect against a steady stream of kicks. “You have 48 hours to pay or he’s dead.” 
El Rana slammed the phone down. He told the guys to leave me there and help him finish the phone calls. They would deal with me later. 
When they left, I couldn’t help but smile. They were alive! My cousins were alive! She had heard from them, but she said that was weeks ago. A lot can happen in two weeks. But who cares, she had heard from them. There was still a chance they were alive. With that thought, I felt a huge weight lift from my shoulders and I allowed myself to relax for the first time in days. 
I laid there and stared at flaking paint from the ceiling. The zetas had thrown me onto one of the dirty mattresses. It smelled of old semen, sweat, and mildew. There was a slight hint of piss mixed in there somewhere too. And even though I knew the brown blood stains were from the horrible things that went down in here last night, horrible things that had kept me from sleeping, I felt overcome with exhaustion. 
The mattress wasn’t good, it was lumpy and thin, but right now it felt like I was in a pile of fluffy pillows. It felt wrong to feel so good laying here. I fought it all I could, but drowsiness overcame me. Before long I had dipped into a deep, exhausted sleep.
CHAPTER 14
Santa Claws

When I woke, I had a gun in my mouth.
“Good morning princess,” El Rana said. He twisted the pistol, the metal clacked against my teeth. “I bet you thought that was funny what you did, making everyone laugh at me. Not so funny now is it?”
I shook my head. “Uh-uh.”
“That’s what I thought.” He pulled the gun out with a hard jerk, and the sight guard ripped a cut into my cheek. “Now it’s my turn to laugh bitch.” 
He grabbed me by the hair and dragged me into the living room, where El Diablo waited with a short piece of rope tied into a noose. He slipped the rope over my head and tightened it around my neck, like a dog collar.
“Hey everyone, I want you to come here and see my new pet,” El Rana said, and he pulled on the collar. 
I fell and he dragged me by the rope, choking me. I kicked, and slipped, trying to get my footing but each time I seemed to get my balance, he jerked me and I fell again. Of course El Rana and Diablo thought that was hilarious.
El Rana dragged me in front of the other hostages, and yanked on the rope. It cut deep into my neck. 
“This is my mutt, Princess,” he said. “He thinks he’s the master around here.” He kicked me. “But I’m going to teach this bitch his place. Go on, show everyone what a good dog you are princess.” He kicked me hard in the ribs. “Sit.” 
I bent over, holding my side where he had kicked me.
“Straighter!” He kicked me again in the same spot.
I doubled over and coughed.
“I said sit up straight mutt!” He kicked me again.
I gritted my teeth and sat up straight.
“Good dog. Now speak.”
I looked at him, confused, “What do you want me to say?”
He kicked me. “Since when do dogs talk? When I tell you to speak, you speak like the dog you are. Now, speak!”
I barked like a dog, and he and Diablo laughed at me, but no one else did.
El Rana looked out at them all, “What’s the matter with you? That’s funny right? Right!” They hurriedly agreed. “Then laugh damn it!” Forced awkward laughter filled the room. Diablo and Rana laughed even harder.
“See,” El Rana leaned close to me and said. “It’s not so cool when people do it to you.” Then he stood up and said loud enough for everyone to hear. “Are you hungry Princess?”
Of course I was hungry. It had been days since I had eaten. I was starving, we all were, but I was afraid of what he would do if I told him yes. 
“Answer me bitch!” He slapped me in the face. “You hungry?”
I nodded.
“I bet you are.” He turned to the others. “How about you? Are you guys hungry?”
Yeses rolled through the group, some of them even pleaded for food.
“Diablo,” El Rana snapped his fingers. “Feed the animals.”
Diablo smiled, and went to the kitchen. He came back with a half a kilo sack of cheap dog food, the kind that looks like cocoa-puffs. He pulled out a switchblade knife and cut a slit into the side of the bag. He poured it onto the floor in the middle of them. 
“Eat up mutts.”
There were eight-teen of them and only five hundred grams of dog food. It was a feeding frenzy. 
Even with their hands taped behind their backs and everyone on their knees, they still fought over every morsel, snapping at each other, biting and kicking. El Rana and El Diablo were crying, they were laughing so hard at it all. 
As the hostages fought for scraps, a brown kernel of dog food was kicked free from the pack and skittered across the floorboards toward me. I crawled after it. I could smell the artificial meat flavoring, and my mouth salivated.
I scampered closer, and bent down to lick it up, but before my mouth could get close enough I felt a vicious jerk. 
El Rana pulled hard on my leash and said, “No no no. Bad dog. You don’t get to eat this. You’ve lost your feeding privileges.” He stomped on the piece of dog food, and ground it under the sole of his boot.
I wanted to cry. I didn’t deserve to be treated like this. 
I lunged at him. He jerked on the rope and dragged me to the ground. He and Diablo beat me until they grew tired of it.
Then Diablo went in the kitchen and came back with a large bowl full of water. He sat it on the ground in front of the hostages. They drank and drank, shoving their faces into the bowl, growling when someone tried to muscle in and take a sip. They wasted as much as they drank, splashing the water all over the place. 
I watched them longingly. I needed water more than I needed food. It had been almost two days since I had had a drop and the temperature had been hovering around 40 degrees. 
Some of the spilled water ran over toward me, and I slurped it up from the floor. It was gritty, with the acid tang of iron, but it was delicious. For a moment I forgot where I was, who was standing next to me, and the leash he held in his hand. All I could think about was getting some fresh clean water to wet my dry throat. Okay, it was neither fresh nor clean, but it was enough to wet my beak and clean the sour taste from my mouth. I was only able to get a couple small slurps before the leash was jerked back again.
“No. Not until I tell you that you can.” He pointed at me and scolded me like he would a real dog. “Are you going to be a good dog?”
I nodded. 
“Tell me you are going to be a good dog.”
“I’m going—”
He jerked on the leash. “Ah…”
I barked and panted, and nodded again. 
“There you go. That’s a good dog. Okay, I’ll get you some water then.” He snapped his fingers again. “Diablo! Some water for my mut.”
Diablo went into the kitchen and filled another bowl with water. He started to bring it to me but El Rana stopped him.
“That’s good. Leave it there.”
He sat the bowl on the floor and stepped away. El Rana lessened the slack on the leash, and I walked on my knees toward the bowl. I bent my face toward it and just before my lips touched the still trembling water, Rana jerked me back and kicked the bowl over.  
“What are you doing? Bowls are for good dogs. You have to drink from the floor like the bitch you are.”
He and Diablo pointed and laughed as I sucked the floor dry, making jokes about how they should put my lips to better use if I was so good at sucking dirty liquid out of hard wood. When they grew tired of joking, they dragged me back into the living room.
“You can’t go in there,” El Rana said, pointing to the room where the hostages were re-ordering themselves into their rows of five. “That is where the good bitches stay. You have to stay out here. You want to be a little princess; I will treat you like one.” He opened the gate to the fireplace. “Here you go Cinderella. This is where you will stay from now on.” He shoved me inside. “But don’t worry; you won’t have to stay in there alone. I have someone here to keep an eye on you so you remember to be a good dog.”
He took the severed head from the table, the skin was greenish now, and more swollen and smelly than before. A cloud of flies took flight when he grabbed it, and he swatted them away. 
He threw the head into the fireplace with me. It hit my leg. I jumped away from it. He laughed at that, then beat me until I went back in. Once I was inside, he closed the gate and took the free end of the rope around my neck and used it to tie the gate closed.
I stayed in there all day and night. The space was too small to sit fully erect or to lie down. No matter what position I was in, I was in pain. It was torture. 
And then there was the head. That God damned head was always watching. After a while I couldn’t take it looking at me, I was going to go crazy in here with that thing. So I used my feet to put it into the corner facing away from me. Its black hair blended in with the soot, which helped me pretend it wasn’t there. The space was so small that it didn’t work very well though. I was always aware of it, and I shivered each time I brushed against it.
Without the girls there to entertain them, the zetas spent the night doing drugs and torturing us. It began with simple beatings but as the night wore on, they got more and more creative.
They took people to the bathroom and dunked their heads in the shit-filled toilet until they nearly drowned, pulled them out and did it again. They beat them in the small of the back with paddles. They got rocks and played a kind of baseball game, where they would stand people up against the walls and swing away, hitting the rocks into the hostages. They got points based on which body parts they hit. Then they would laugh and laugh and laugh. It took a long time for them to grow tired of that one. 
Every now and then, they would leave the others and come over to mess with me. They would let me out, and make me bark and wag my tail and fetch sticks for them, running on my knees until my knees were swollen and bleeding. When I was too injured to continue they beat me. Oh, how they beat me. Sometimes they would smoke and put their cigarettes out on my neck, or poke at me with a stick through the bars in the fireplace gate, and laugh as I squirmed.
The entire night went on like that. Drugs kept them awake, and the fear of what they would do next kept us awake. 
The next day Casper went to the city with two others. When he returned he set more than half of the people free. Their ransoms had been paid. 
The three Guatemalan brothers from the train had been in the first group they let go. The oldest brother, the one who had done the shaky-hands prayer, made the sign of the cross and cried as he left. Thanking the Lord for saving him. 
I couldn’t believe some of these people still credited their release and survival to God. It made zero sense. If God was so good, he wouldn’t have put you in this terrible situation. What kind of fucked up God would do that when he could just make you avoid it to begin with? Not the kind I want to worship. I was through with that stuff. I wouldn’t be partaking in anymore of that prayer nonsense. If I was going to get out of here, I would have to do something myself, no miracles were going to set me free. 
By late afternoon, only six of us remained, and I worried about what they had in store for us tonight. Just before nightfall, El Rana dragged everyone back into the living room to make another round of phone calls. Me, he left in the fireplace. 
He was following up with his clients. This time the calls were shorter, and more threatening: You have 24 hours. When the business day ends tomorrow, so will your son’s life. Stuff like that. 
When my turn came around, El Rana didn’t let me talk to my mom, saying that I had lost talking privileges. I could still hear him talking to her though, and what I gathered from his end of the conversation didn’t sound good. 
“There will be no extension… I don’t care. Just get it… Not my problem… Well then you better figure something out because if I don’t have that money in the account I gave you in 24 hours, he’s dead.” Click.
Fuck. That couldn’t be good. 
When El Rana hung up, he grabbed a stick next to the fireplace and poked me with it. 
“Hey Cinderella,” he said. “It looks like your time might be coming soon. If your mom doesn’t pay, we are going to have some fun you and me.” He banged the stick against the metal grate and I flinched. He laughed and walked into the rape room to get some drugs.
I had to get out of here. My mom was having problems getting the money— obviously. It was eight thousand fucking dollars. That isn’t chump change. My mom was a house cleaner for Christ’s sake. She didn’t even speak English. Where would she ever come up with that kind of money? 
I knew the answer to that. She wouldn’t.
As night fell they went through their routine of beating and torturing, but the last three days of drugging and violence had taken their toll. They were beginning to grow tired, or at least Casper was. 
He was on guard duty, and sat on the floor slumped against the wall next to the hostage room. Rana and Diablo were in there branding Z’s into people’s backs with a fat piece of copper wire they had found. After a while Casper had dozed off at his post. 
I knew I had to get the fuck out of here before he woke up, and those two psychos came in here to brand me, or do God knows what else. 
But how? They hadn’t left me anything I could use to get this pinche tape off my arms. It would be so easy if I could just bite it and rip it off, but that wasn’t going to happen. I had already been rubbing them against the fireplace grate, which was both too loud and ineffective. There were no coals or bits of scrap wood or anything like that I could use. The only thing in here was the fucking head of the dead guy. 
Wait, the head! That’s it! 
I toppled the head to the floor. Face up. I used my feet to wedge the crown into the corner and open its mouth. Then I turned around and rubbed the tape against his yellow teeth. I could feel his mushy cold skin against my forearm but I didn’t care about any of that anymore. This was my chance. I sawed feverishly. 
My heart thumped in my brain. I was terrified someone would catch me in the act before I had my hands free. As I worked on the tape, my eyes darted from Casper, to the hostage room, and back to Casper, and back to the room. 
Diablo and Rana passed their crack pipe back and forth between them and laughed as they heated the tip of the copper wire on a candle flame. When they pressed the wire into the next victim’s back, the hostage screamed.
Casper shifted in his sleep, and I stopped moving. Rana and Diablo beat the man, and the screaming stopped. Casper leaned against the wall and nodded off again. 
I went back to work scraping the tape against the man’s teeth until I felt a piece of it tear free. Then I pulled and twisted with all my might. The tape made a crisp ripping sound. 
I froze and looked to see who had heard. Rana and Diablo continued their branding. They hadn’t heard anything over their laughter, but the noise woke Casper. He sat up straight and sucked in a sharp breath.
I pretended to be sleeping. 
Casper looked at me, rubbed his eyes, and looked at me again. Then he leaned into the doorway to see what Rana and Diablo were doing. 
“Hey guys,” he said. “I’m going to get some air.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever.” 
Casper got up and went outside, yawning as he walked. 
The second he was out of sight, I loosened the collar on my neck and wiggled free. I dolphined my way into the chimney. Once I was all the way in, I pressed myself against the walls in an x-shape the way I had seen Jackie Chan do in a movie once, and I shimmied up toward the roof. 
With each sound I made, I wanted to stop. Every scratch and scrape seemed to boom. I was sure they would hear me. I was sure any second now Casper would come running back in and find me half way to the up the chimney. 
If that happened I would be a sitting duck, and El Rana would give me the ax. So there would be no stopping or slowing for the sake of silence. This was all or nothing. I had already pushed my chips into the pile. Now, it was time to see if my cards were as good as I hoped they were. 
I pushed with my legs, pulled with my arms. Up, up, up. Push, and pull, push and pull and push. Higher and higher, pressing, clawing, scratching, until I finally made it to the top.
I pulled myself out onto the lip of the chimney. I took a deep breath of the fresh night air and looked around, before stepping onto the sagging roof.
In the front of the house, I could see the top of one of the white vans, and a cloud of smoke coming from the front porch— Casper smoking his drugs. In the back of the house, a full moon lit the fields of tall grass that ran all the way to the mountains, which were shrouded in shadow. That was where I needed to go. 
I crept along the rooftop, trying to stay on the center ridge, where the supports seemed strongest. Some of the roof tiles clattered and scraped when I put my weight on them but no one heard. When I reached the end, I slowly slid down the tiles to the back corner of the house, the old roof beams creaked under my weight, and one of the tiles broke free and skittered down the roof to catch in the gutter.
I looked back to the front of the house, afraid someone had heard. I couldn’t see the cloud of smoke anymore. 
Shit! Where was Casper? If he heard me, I was fucked.  
Inside the house, I heard Casper and Diablo and Rana shouting.
Shit! They knew! I pushed myself hard and slid as fast as I could down the burnt orange tiles. There was no point in being quiet anymore. When I reached the edge, I heard them messing with the fireplace grate behind me. 
I crouched and prepared to jump. From the chimney I heard El Rana’s echoey voice. “Cinderella, come out, come out where ever you are.” 
Footsteps thundered on the floorboards toward the door. 
I looked out into the expanse of wild grass swaying blueish grey in the moonlight more than three meters below me, took a deep breath, and jumped.
CHAPTER 15
High Mileage

From the moment I hit the ground after jumping off the roof, I didn’t stop running until I was in the shadow of the mountains. 
They chased me for a while. They even tried to go after me in the van. I saw the high beams slashing into the fields off to my right, but they were going in the wrong direction. They seemed to think I was somewhere near the dirt road. By the time they doubled back to drive through the field behind the house, I was long gone.
Adrenaline and fear fueled me through the first night, and by day break I was already cresting the first mountain. I was battered, and exhausted, but I was free, and compared to what it had felt like when I fell from the train back in Ixtapec this was nothing. Whenever the pain made me want to stop, I kept reminding myself that I had been through worse and made it out alive. I could do it again. I would do it again. 
I knew it wouldn’t be easy. I had no tools. The only thing I had to help me survive was my wits. Thankfully, I’m a witty little bastard. 
During my time in the forest, I stayed away from plants and berries I hadn’t eaten before, and only fed on things I fully recognized. I didn’t want to test my luck with some new seed or berry and croak because I had chosen to snack on something I didn’t know was poisonous. To get water during the first couple of days, I used my banana tree trick, but it hadn’t rained in a while, and with every hour that passed, less and less water was available. 
In the afternoon on the third day, I stumbled, dizzy with dehydration, through the undergrowth and heard something that scared me so bad it made the hair on my arms stand up. It wasn’t the growl of a bear, or the roar of a mountain lion. It was the sound of rushing water— a lot of water, and I was terrified because I was sure that I was hallucinating it.
I ran through the brush toward the sound, cutting my face and arms and legs on the whipping branches. I barely noticed the scrapes; all that mattered to me was that the sound grew louder with each step I took.
I burst through the undergrowth into a clearing, and in front of me a bridal veil waterfall cascaded over craggy black volcanic rock. A natural pool had formed at the base of the falls, with water so clean and crystalline that I could see the fish swimming among the rocks more than four meters beneath the surface. 
That was when I knew I was going to make it. I was going to live. A heavy wave of exhausted emotion crested and crashed over me, and as I ran toward the glassy pond, I started weeping. I splashed out into the water. When I was almost waist deep, I spread my arms and shouted to the heavens. Then I let myself fall face first into the cool lifesaving water. 
It flowed over my face and through my hair and into my nose. This was no hallucination. I wasn’t crazy. It was real, and I was saved.
I drank and drank and drank. I drank so fast I choked and coughed up water then drank some more.
I made camp by the pool, and washed my clothes. While they dried, I swam under the falls and bathed, making sure to clean the wounds covering my body, some of which had crusty yellow pus on them where they had become infected. 
I spent the rest of that day trying to spear fish in the shallows with a stick I had sharpened on a big rock. After hours of unsuccessful attempts, I finally got one. It was only after I had caught it, that I realized I had no way to cut the fish, or dress it, or even make a fire to cook it on. So I did the only thing I could do, I threw it back. 
Yeah right! I ate that bitch raw, right there. Eyes and everything. And you know what? It was the most deliciously disgusting meal I have ever had in my life. When I was done I picked my teeth with a bone, Tarzan style, and basked in the all-powerful light that was my innate animal survival prowess. 
They really should do a TV show about me. They could call it, Taming the Wild with Raul Rodriguez. They would put me in crazy situations in crazy places and I would use my super badassitude to overcome any obstacle in my way so I could make it out alive. It would be a huge success.  
As I was thinking about my future million dollar show business adventure, I felt a rumble deep down in my belly and my stomach cramped. A few seconds later, I was hunched over in the rocks, heaving everything I had inside me. I guess I’d be throwing that fish back after all. So much for show business.
That night I was too sick to sleep, and I decided that would be the last time sushi would be on the menu. From here on out, if it wasn’t fruit and I couldn’t cook it, I wouldn’t eat it. 
I found it pretty hard to stick to my new diet, because when you’re trying not to die of starvation suddenly everything, even tree bark, starts to take on a savory look. I still stayed away from fish, but by the end of the next day, the majority of my diet consisted of pond skimming beetles and water cockroaches.
Finding the river was the turning point in my eight-day crucible. I felt safe knowing that I had a stable source of water and an endless supply of crunchy snacks to keep the hunger at bay until I found some more fruit. So after a full day of rest on the fifth day, I decided to set out downstream.  
Three days later I was on my way out of the mountains and back to civilization, if you can call it that. Civilization in this case wasn’t anything more than a wobbly wooden bridge spanning a stream bed. 
I climbed the river bank next to the bridge and stepped onto a well-worn dirt road. I started down the road in what I guessed was north, but I really had no idea which direction I was heading. I could have been going right back to the ranch house and the Zetas for all I knew. 
Of course to keep despair at bay, I chose to believe that wasn’t the case. I told myself, now that I had found a road, it would only be a matter of time before I would also find someone who could help me get out of here and back to the train. It didn’t take more than a couple of hours walking before I proved my hypothesis correct. 
A faded blue Chevy truck rumbled toward me with a cloud of dust billowing behind it. The truck had to be fifty years old at least, one of those antique ones with the rounded front and wooden side panels on the bed. The back was full of chicken cages that threw little tufts of feathers into the air each time the truck bounced over a rut in the road.
I stepped into the middle of the street and stuck out my thumb. The truck skidded to a stop a few meters away from me, but the orange plume of dust that had been following it didn’t have the same anti-lock brakes and continued to drift forward until it engulfed the truck, and me. 
An old man leaned his head out the window, and squinted into the Martian haze. “You lost son?”
I coughed and waved away the dust. “Something like that.”
“Where you headed?”
“Anywhere really,” I said, breathing easier now that the dust was settling. “I need to get back to the train.”
“Going north, eh?”
“Yeah.”
He gave me a long sideways glance before he said, “Alright, get in.” He motioned with his head to the back of the truck. “I’ll give you a ride as long as you don’t mind sitting in bird shit.”
“Of course not.” I ran over to the window to shake his hand. “Thank you so much.”
“Don’t mention it. Say, what the hell happened to you?”
I lowered my eyes. “Los Zetas.”
He nodded knowingly. “Well, I’m headed to Córdoba. You can catch the train out of town from there. Now, I don’t want no trouble so keep your head down and try to look less like a migrant, alright?”
“Yes sir. Of course.”
I stepped onto the back tire and climbed over the side of the truck’s bed. 
He started her up and we banged and bumped our way along the road for thirty minutes or so before we hit the highway. Another thirty minutes after that and we were crossing the Córdoba city limits. 
He dropped me off by the train tracks on the outskirts of town. A stream of sewage ran alongside the tracks, ripening the air.
“You better get out here,” he said. “If you head that way for three or four kilometers, it will take you straight into town.”
I hopped out of the bed and came around to the window to say goodbye. “I can’t thank you enough for your kindness. You have no idea how much you have helped me.”
He waved away the thanks. “Sorry, I can’t take you all the way to town myself. It’s just that I don’t want any trouble with la migra or anyone else, and you know how it is, if someone were to recognize you… well, you understand right?”
“¡Claro! Of course. Please, don’t worry about it. You’ve helped so much already. Thank you again.”
He gave a curt nod. “Alright then,” he said, and slapped the door. “Bueno suerte amigo.” 
As he pulled back onto the highway, he gave me two quick honks and a waved. I waved back, and started down the tracks. 
In less than an hour, I could already smell the familiar scent of fresh coffee coming from the coffee bean roasting plant near the station. I was getting close. If I was on the train right now, I would be gathering my belongings and preparing to run. 
A little while later, I saw the red bricks of the train station. A lone train waited on one of the four rows of tracks. This far north, the train cars began to change from ones carrying grain and rice and coal to ones carrying automobiles and heavy machinery. 
Up here the tracks were better maintained too (a side effect of corporate desire to ensure the safe delivery of their more expensive cargo). Better tracks mean less derailed trains, which means a safer and smoother ride for me. Thanks big business! You are always looking out for the little guy… not really. 
The further north you got the more private security guards patrolled the stations, checking the cars for any stowaways that might damage the more valuable merchandise. A practice that almost got me deported at this very station in the past. 
I had been caught sleeping under a minivan, when someone shined a flashlight in my face.
“Run and I’ll blow your fucking head off,” a guard said. He held his gun in the air.
I slid out from under the car. I would have preferred to get caught by la migra or a city cop than these white shirted douches. Hired security guards were always worse than the real cops. They were mostly made up of city cop rejects, who got a hard on at the thought of flexing their power muscles. They were the most trigger happy of anyone. 
They took me behind a maintenance shed near the tracks, where two other guards were keeping their eyes on another ten or so migrants lined up against the wall of the shed. Each one of them was standing behind a little pile of personal artifacts. One pile had thirty pesos, a comb, and a map sketched on a napkin. Another had some gum, and some cigarettes, and a wallet which had fallen open, exposing a family portrait. Another had a backpack and a baseball cap.
The officer who led me there patted me down and said, “Against the wall, and empty your pockets.”
I did as he said and made a little pile of my own. 
Another officer brought in two more migrants who did the same thing. When they were sure they had cleared the area, they shouted at us.
“¡Vánse, ya! Get out now! Go!”
 They took all the money I had. When I got to the border, I had to have my mom transfer me enough funds to pay the coyote to cross. Since then, I always stashed my money in hidden pockets throughout my clothes. 
As I approached the station, I got off the tracks. It would be safer walking through town until I was on the north side of the station. Along the way, I begged some two day old bread from a bakery. I found a spot near the tracks and passed the time chewing on the stale bread as I waited for a train to leave.
Around dusk, I heard one of the engines start up and by night fall it was moving. I finished up the last few bites of bread, and wiped the crumbs from my shirt. 
The train loped by. I jogged alongside an empty flatbed car and climbed on. 
Next stop: Mexico City.

The cold came with the morning and woke me from my sleep. I looked around, to see where I was. Tall stalks of bamboo scratched the sides of the train as it climbed into the foothills of the Sierra Madre Oriental mountain range. 
This far north, Mexico’s landscape changed on you. In Chiapas, everything had looked like Honduras. The muggy air made it hard to breathe and impossible to be outside more than a few minutes without soaking your shirt through with sweat. The thick forests flatted into cow fields, in Oaxaca, and you could see for miles and miles. Then in Veracruz the cow fields turned to cane fields which turned into swamps and back into cane fields and back into swamps again.  
Black clouds of mosquitos shifted in the fog that hung over the wetlands, and white clouds from sugar mill smoke stacks hung over the cane plantations. Every now and then the train would pass through the rank yellowy smoke from one of the paper factories that turned the cane pulp into toilet paper, and the smell would stay on your clothes for hours.
Oh and then there were the bees. Those God damned bees! Down south they had nests of Africanized bees, and when the train came by shaking the trees and blowing smoke all up in their nests they got pissed. If the train wasn’t going fast enough and you happened to be on the roof you were out of luck, because the bees would swarm the train and sting the shit out of you. 
The rails down there were different too. They were rusty, and the wooden ties were covered with slick black mildew. Sometimes the rails were loose, which made the train jerk wildly. 
Up here it was another world. Here the ties were concrete, and the rails were permanently welded in place. Smooth sailing. 
From here on out, it would be a luxury cruise. Though, almost no one makes it this far to enjoy it. Once you pass Mexico City, you could go a thousand miles on the train without seeing more migrants than you can count on two hands. 
The lack of passengers wasn’t completely attributable to attrition. Some of it was because the trains ran more often, and they tended to be larger so the people were more spread out. Still, the train I was on now probably only had around twenty people on it. That’s like three percent of what were on the first train my cousins and I caught in Chiapas. 
The train rolled across a long bridge and over a wide canyon, where seven hundred meters below I could just make out the thin white line of the river that continued to slowly gouge the canyon deeper into the earth. A few hours later and I could see the snowy peak of Pico de Orizaba. That was the tallest mountain in all of Mexico. 
Soon things would get cold. It can be hard for some people to imagine Mexico as a cold place. I know I sure didn’t believe it could be cold here until I’d experienced it myself, but the nights in these mountains could turn your blood to ice— literally. A lot of people die here.
I would be ready for it though. I went from car to car looking for things to help me keep warm in the night. If you knew where to look, you could almost always find some discarded or forgotten things. In the fifth car I searched, I found a flannel jacket jammed in the gap between the air compressor and the brakes on a boxcar. Two cars later, I found a knitted blanket stuffed into the small gap between a flatbed and the bottom of the shipping container it carried.  
I figured that would do me just fine. Now I needed to find a place to stay out of the wind. I tried a few boxcars but they were all locked. I finally came to a hopper and climbed down to the platform on the bottom. Before I even stepped off the ladder, I saw that there were three people already huddled together under a blanket. 
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I was just looking for a place to get out of the wind. I didn’t mean to disturb you.”
The oldest one in the group, a woman with the flat cheeks and pale skin of someone of Spanish ancestry, said, “It’s alright, you can stay here if you like.”
“Mom! Don’t let him join us,” one of the two boys riding with her said. They were identical twins, and looked to be somewhere around Carlos’s age. “See you later mister.”
“Samuel! Stop it.”
“What? We don’t know this guy.”
“So? He looks like he could use a little help.” I started to climb back up the ladder and she said, “Please, don’t listen to them. We would love to have you join us.”
“Mom,” the other one said. “What are you doing?”
“Being human. We aren’t the only ones who are cold you know. No one should have to pass through these mountains alone. You are alone aren’t you?”
“Yes.”
“See? He’s harmless.” She smiled and said. “Come on down, if you will share your blanket with us we will share ours with you.”
I went back down the ladder. “I don’t want to impose.”
“It’s no trouble, I insist.” The woman opened her side of the blanket and patted the metal grate next to her. “Sit. We’ll keep each other warm.”
I nestled into the blanket with them, and sighed. Warmth. 
“What’s your name?”
“Raul.”
“I’m Maria, and these are my sons Samuel and David.” The two boys gave me hostile nods. 
I rode with them all the way to Lechería. Maria was a talker, and she made sure to involve the sons in conversation. Before long they were opening up and talking just as much as her. It turned out they were from San Pedro Sula, like me. Not only had they lived in the neighborhood beside mine, but they had shopped in my uncle’s bodega. Small world, huh?
I had been through so much since Honduras, it felt like another life. It was another life. 
Everything went black as the train whooshed through a tunnel cut into the heart of one of the mountains. The temperature dropped a few degrees instantly, even though the sun still shined bright outside, and the farther in the tunnel we went, the colder it got. We shot out of that tunnel and back into the sun. We barely had enough time to warm back up before the train cut through another mountain. 
This was the Cumbres de Acultzingo, and we would have another 30 tunnels to go before we were on the other side. Each tunnel here was named after a state in Mexico, and we shouted out the names of the ones we knew, but none of us knew all thirty-two. The metal wheels shrieked as the train turned left then right. The cars creaked on their supports. In and out, left and right, up and down, snaking the curves, clinging to the mountainside, diving into and soaring out of tunnels.
It was so dark in the tunnels you couldn’t see six inches in front of you. The twins whooped and shouted, laughing at their echoes sounding off the walls. Soon Maria and I were joining them, and in that moment, we were free. 
Free of fear, of worry, of doubt. We were all in this together, on a grand adventure, doing what it took to make our lives better. It can be a great feeling, taking charge of your destiny and I was glad I had them to share it with.
An hour into the mountains and we entered the longest tunnel, El Mexicano. We rode a full ten minutes in the frigid dark, choking on the cloud of black smoke the beast breathed on us. The smoke made your eyes water, and stung the inside of your nose. All of us pulled our blankets up to cover our faces. Our snot ran black for a long time after that. 
As night set in, ice started to form on the cars. From where we sat, on the platform above the wheels of a hopper, we were somewhat protected from the wind, but it was still unbearably cold. We huddled together for warmth in a big group hug.
With every minute that ticked by, the temperature dropped a little bit. My bones ached, my insides hurt, and I could barely feel my face. I pulled my arms inside my shirt and leaned against Maria under the blanket. I tucked my mouth into my shirt so I could warm myself with my breath. 
One of the twins passed around a flask and some crackers— this was what dinner was on the migrant trail. I didn’t know what was in the flask but I drank. The liquid burned my throat, but it warmed my chest. We sipped on it throughout the night, fighting off the sleep that cold brings. 
We tried to keep each other awake with conversation, knowing that the drowsiness we felt could just as likely be from hypothermia as from exhaustion. No one wanted to doze off because we were afraid we might not wake back up. But as the night wore on, the words became less and less frequent, and Maria and her sons fell asleep. 
Even after everyone else had passed out, and I felt my eyelids drooping, I wouldn’t allow myself to give in. It was too dangerous. I was determined to stay awake. 
Someone had to stay up and keep everyone safe. It looked like that responsibility would be mine tonight by default. It was fine though. If I told myself not to sleep, I wouldn’t. I could will myself awake. Simple as that. My will was iron, and it would never break.
CHAPTER 16
Unwelcome

I woke up just before dawn. So much for that iron will of mine. I hadn’t even been aware that I had fallen asleep. My head hurt something fierce, and I had a sour taste in my mouth. Probably from the alcohol we had been sipping to keep warm all night. 
The tracks were straighter now, no more twisting curves, and the train was going faster. Fields of cactus whipped by us in the pre-dawn light. The sky turned pink and orange and purple. The sun rose and we passed two ancient step pyramids— ruins from the pre-Aztec city of Teotihuacán. We had made it to Mexico City. 
After passing the ruins, signs of modern life began to appear. We crossed paved roads more frequently. Thin rows of buildings from a housing project flashed by. Then a sewage drain. 
Roads ran parallel to the tracks. We zoomed by a shanty town next to a garbage dump where children played soccer with a dirty deflated ball. We crossed a huge sewage ditch, or maybe it was a river. It was hard to tell them apart around here. 
Mountains and trees were replaced by billboards and apartments fighting for footage in the vertical plane of the landscape. We passed a water treatment plant and then a major thoroughfare. The streets turned to freeways which turned to eight lane super highways. 
The train slowed. We were entering the station in Lechería. I gathered my things and stood. I didn’t want to be on the train when we entered the station; there was too high a chance of a raid. 
“Where are you going?” Maria asked.
“I’m getting off. Why? Aren’t you?”
“No. And you shouldn’t either. It isn’t safe out there.” 
She was talking about Mexico City’s famous distain for Central American migrants. The right wing media had everyone convinced that we were all criminals and thieves. If you think it is only the Americans who say we are all here to take jobs and commit crimes, think again.
“I know what you are saying,” I told her. “And I appreciate your concern, but I am still going. Police patrol the station night and day.”
“And we will hide from them.”
“They have dogs.”
“Dogs are better than the people you’ll face in the city.”
“Yeah don’t go,” Samuel said. “I heard there are vigilante groups who patrol the streets at night looking for migrants. We met a guy who said he saw two boys beaten, and lynched. They strung him up on the light pole and hung him right there in the street.”
His brother cut in. “They put a sign on him saying, Death to Migrants.”
“He wasn’t doing anything,” Samuel said. “Just sleeping on the street.”
“It won’t happen to me.”
“Won’t happen!” Maria said. “That is probably what those boys thought too. Look where it got them.”
“Don’t go Raul,” Samuel said.
“I can’t stay here. I know a safe place near the tracks. It has worked for me in the past. It will work for me again. You guys can stay if you want, but I’m going.”
“I wish you would reconsider,” Maria said. “But it is your decision.” She took my hand and squeezed it. “Take care of yourself. And keep your eyes open.”
“You too.”
It was strange, the bonds that you make on the trail. The friendships are both abnormally strong and abnormally short. Like magnesium, they burned bright and colorful, but they always burn out almost as fast as they start up. 
It was hard to leave. I liked them. I wanted to stay, to help them, but I had been through too much to get here, and I was afraid that if I got sent back now I might not have the strength to try again. So I turned away, without another word, and I jumped from the train. 
I hit the ground hard and rolled away from the tracks. When I got to my feet, I ran for the fence. I didn’t look back, but I did keep my eyes open for any sign of the state police that guarded the station.
Even from this far away, you had to be careful. La migra sometimes came here too, parking outside the station in unmarked cars and catching people crawling under the fence in the back. Thankfully there were only two cars nearby, one was stripped down and on blocks, and the other had four flat tires and grass growing up to the quarter panels, so I didn’t have anything to worry about. 
The train station was in a rough neighborhood in the industrial sector of the city. There were no high-rises, and luxury cars here. Only smoke stacks and old rusted-out clunkers. 
I walked past a corrugated steel wall tagged with gang signs, and figured that in the end it was better that Maria and the boys didn’t come. Larger groups drew more attention. I had a better chance of going unnoticed if I went at it alone.
I cut through the unkept grass on the other side of the fence and across a field on the north of the station. It was filled with yellow and red flowers, which would have been beautiful if it wasn’t also filled with trash. Apparently the field doubled as the neighborhood dump. Piles of broken furniture, and other large articles of trash that the city garbage collectors wouldn’t take were everywhere. Two goats rummaged among the piles of filth, munching on garbage.
 I kept walking until I found my hiding spot, which was in one of the several concrete culverts in the back of the field. This is where I stayed last time I stopped in Lechería. Two kids from El Salvador showed it to me. There had been a raid at the station, and we hid here. No one ever found us. 
I crawled into one of the meter-wide cement pipes; it might even be the same one we had hidden in that night. It was littered with magazines, a broken doll, and some old worn out shoes.  
I made a bed with my blanket and flannel jacket from the train, and tried to make myself comfortable. I knew that if I got out of here without getting caught I had a great chance of making it to the border. 
As the afternoon wound down, I grew more and more hungry. I needed food. The trouble was, I didn’t have any money. Until now, I hadn’t had to worry about running out of money because I knew if it came down to it, I could survive off the land. But that was in the south, where water and crops were plentiful. 
Up here that wasn’t so easy. There were no lush fields of fruits and vegetables to steal crops from, no forests full of mangoes, and wild strawberries, and bananas. Up here you had to rely on society to survive, which meant you had to rely on money. Trying to scavenge in dumpsters was possible, but risky. You were more likely to find disease than food that way, and I couldn’t afford to get sick now.
If I wanted to get some food, I had to figure out a way to get some money. I basically had three options. One, I could beg, but that was a dangerous proposition in these parts, what with Mexico City’s reputation for migrant hospitality. 
I could steal something and try to sell it. Or I could just try stealing directly from the supermarket, but all of that was a little too far outside my moral code at the moment. I would need another couple days of hunger before I stooped to that. Plus, I would just be feeding into the stereotype of the Central American migrant as thief. That was definitely something I wanted to avoid. 
I could try to get work somewhere, but that couldn’t help me very much tonight. It wasn’t very safe either. A big part of the prejudice people had about migrants was that they were stealing jobs from hard working Mexicans. So I had to rule that out too.
The only real option I had to consider was finding a way for me to make money on my own. I climbed out of the culvert and dug through the trash. I was hoping to something I could use to try and wash cars. I found an old piece of Tupperware to use as a bucket and a child’s shirt I could use as a rag.
I didn’t have any soap, but I had enough to get me in business. Night closed in and the street lights came on. I walked to a cantina on the corner and offered to wash people’s cars. Many of them turned down the offer, or just ignored me, but I did manage to get a few pesos after a couple hours.
I was in the middle of detailing the rims of a car when I heard someone shout.
“Hey you!” I turned and saw five men carrying sticks and bats walking down the street toward me. “What are you doing to that car?”
I bolted. They chased me around the block and down the next street. Dogs barked like crazy as I ran past their houses. I turned down another street and slid under the porch of an old house. I saw two of the men run by; the other three came from the other side of the street to meet them. They slowed to a walk.
“Where’d he go? You guys see him?”
“No.”
“Maybe he went down there. Come on.”
The group went down a small alley between the streets. I snuck from my hiding place, and ran out of there. Whenever I passed businesses or people, I walked, then I ran again as soon as I was past them. 
I passed two bodegas on the way back to the field but I was too afraid to stop. I had money in my pockets but I wouldn’t be using any of it here. I could make it a little longer without food. I had made it this long after all, what was one more night? 
I covered myself in the blanket and curled into a ball inside my little cavern. I spent the rest of the night jumping at every sound, second guessing my choice to stay out here. The night seemed to last forever. I was exhausted, but every time I dozed off I was woken by dreams of people dragging me from my hiding spot and stringing me up on the light poles. 
I looked at the lights to the south, and watched the bustle of activity on the tracks. This was the biggest station I had been to so far, and the biggest one I would see on my trip. There were six sets of tracks and two staging areas, and they never stopped moving. The night sang with clangs and bangs of metal on metal and people shouting and brake lines hissing as cars were removed or replaced. The trains heading into Mexico City would stop to detach cars that contained hazardous or explosive materials. When they left, they would pick them back up again. Ten to fifteen trains left from here every day. 
When trains went out of the depot I would squint to try and make out the company written on the engine. I had learned the hard way in days past that you had to be smart about which train you hopped on here because not all of them go to the border. The best line to ride was FerroSur they always went to the border, and they had the least security of all the major train companies.  
Once, I had been beaten and dragged from a train a little further north of here because I had foolishly jumped on a train from Transportacion Ferroviaria Mexicana. Those guys have hired guards on the train itself. They walk up and down the train at every stop along the way and check for stowaways, and making sure damaged any of their cargo. Now I knew better. Now I only rode FerroSur.
I watched the police patrol the station, walking between the train cars with dogs. A pair of dogs barked, and the police shouted. I saw shadows running away and the cops running after them. I hoped it wasn’t Maria and the boys. 
Around two in the morning, I saw a train pass under the bright white lights as it pulled out of the station, heading north. FerroSur was written on the side of the engine in white stencil. 
This was my ride. I got my things and crept out of my hiding spot, keeping low in the grass. I didn’t want any of the police to sick their hounds on me. 
The train was huge, probably a mile long. It was going slow; hopping on this one would be easy. I cut through the field and crouched in some shrubs near the tracks. I took my time choosing the car I would board. 
I hopped in an open boxcar. I knew it was against the rules, but this far north there tended to be a lot more high tension wires running above the tracks, so climbing on the roof wasn’t such a good idea, and since there was much less risk of getting locked inside, boxcars now became my best option. I still propped the door open with a rock anyway though. You can never be too safe. 
Of course if someone did catch me in here, it would be near impossible to escape, but the good news was from here on out the checkpoints would be far more scarce. The ones that were on this leg of the trip tend to be unmanned or manned by people too lazy to do their job because four out of five times they didn’t make the train stop for inspection.
After I had the door situated how I liked it, I gathered some cardboard I found in the corner and laid it out into a bed. Then I curled up in my blanket and listened to the steady hum of the train, thinking about all I had been through. My cousins, my uncle, Geraldo, the kidnapping, all of it. 
I hoped that in the end it would all be worth it, that I would make it to the border, and all the problems I’d had with my family would be worked out, that I could find steady work, that I could stay this time. I didn’t know if this train was taking me to Texas, or Arizona, or New Mexico. I didn’t know where I was going. I just hoped that where ever it took me, it was taking me to my family.
CHAPTER 17
Alliances

The next few days passed quickly on the train, which travelled mostly at night, thanks to long stops during the day in San Luis Potosí and Saltillo.  
The farther north we went, the more desolate the countryside became, until everything was just rocks and scrub and dirt. We cut through canyons instead of forest. The bridges spanned dry rivers, their beds cracked and peeling like the skin of an adolescent snake. Cows and horses and birds had been replaced by coyotes, jackrabbits, and vultures. The air was so hot and dry it caused nose bleeds. 
On my fifth day after leaving Mexico City, I saw flashing red antennas announcing a station up ahead. The train passed a sign that said, Nuevo Laredo Customs 2 KM. 
I prepared my things to jump. The border was still another ten miles away at least, but it wasn’t worth the risk to stay aboard the train until I got closer. Up here, the police officers would sometimes drive alongside the train as it pulled into the station so they could catch migrants as they jumped off. I wasn’t about to chance getting caught when I was this close, so I hopped off a kilometer south of the station and started walking.
I went through a small neighborhood of squat houses. I passed under a bridge, where a man was smoking a cigarette as he waited for a bus. We made eye contact. I asked him if the river was far.
“No,” he said, and pointed behind him. “It’s about two miles that way, but I wouldn’t go down that road if I were you.”
“Why not?”
“Two migrants were murdered around there last week.”
“Shit, really?”
He puffed on his cigarette and nodded.
“Is there another way to the river near here?”
“That doesn’t have police?”
“Yeah.”
He shook his head. “Sorry man.”
I walked on, telling myself that if I got attacked, I got attacked. There wasn’t a lot that I could do about it. 
The closer I got to the river, the more run down and industrial things became. The place was desolate, all rusty grey buildings and dry rocky earth. It felt hostile, like every corner concealed an unknown threat, and every shadow hid eyes that watched each step I took. The wind blew dust devils on the ground and made doors creek and metal clatter. Exhausted and scared, I continued on, jumping at every sound, until I saw the river in front of me. 
A lot of people don’t realize that the name Rio Grande (which is Spanish for, ‘Holy shit, that is one big fucking river!’) is only what the river is called in the US. The Mexicans have a different name for it, one that I believe is much more fitting. Down here, it is known as the Rio Bravo (which is Spanish for, ‘Holy shit, that is one pissed off river!’). A subtle change, but one that says a lot about the cultures who live on each side of it. 
To Americans, the Rio Grande isn’t an angry presence. It is a fluid wall that protects nine-hundred miles of their nearly two-thousand mile southern border. To them, it is a benevolent force which keeps the invading hordes of aliens at bay. Residents south of the border see it differently. To them, it’s malicious— an angry gate keeper. It’s Cerberus, guarding the entrance into paradise and swallowing up the unworthy. 
In Nuevo Laredo, the Rio Bravo runs fast and deep but from its banks, the river doesn’t look so dangerous. It isn’t until you are actually in the water and you can feel the current trying to carry you away, that you realize how bad Cerberus wants to kill you. He grabs you with all three of his massive heads and tugs at your legs and arms, trying his best to pull you down to the underworld. 
I wasn’t ready to face that monster yet. So I followed the river upstream all the way to the migrant shelter in town. 
I arrived there in the late afternoon, checked in, and re-familiarized myself with the place. It had been a while since I’d stayed here, but things hadn’t changed much. This shelter was bigger than any of the others since Chiapas, but even with all the extra space, they only allowed a three night stay due to overcrowding. Today there were already thirty to forty people milling around. That number would probably double as it got closer to dinner time.
I walked out the back door and joined a large group of migrants who had gathered on the steps behind the shelter. They were doing what most migrants did when they got together for too long, holding a strange kind of impromptu group therapy session, where they competed to see who had suffered the most to get here. 
One of them, who had removed his shoes to dry out the open blisters on his feet said, “I walked five days straight to get here.”
“Oh yeah? My brother and I walked thirteen! We had to go a week without food.”
“Big deal. It’s easy to go without food, try going without water for five days!”
A young guy in a red new era hat butted in, “I was mugged.”
Everyone laughed at him. “That’s nothing,” they said. “We’ve all been mugged.”
“Yeah,” another one said. “I was robbed four times. And that guy,” he pointed at one of the men against the wall. “Was robbed like ten.”
The man looked up. “Thirteen. And eight of those were from the police!”
Someone shouted, “¡Pinche policía!”
“I had a friend who fell from the train,” a guy in the back said.
“There is a guy here who fell from the train himself,” a man said and looked around trying to find someone.
I stepped forward. “I fell from the train.”
Everyone went quiet and looked at me. Then there was an explosion of insults. 
“You’re full of shit.”
“Who is this guy?” 
“There’s no way you fell from the train!”
I tried to tell them how it happened, to convince them it was true, but they were having none of it.
A dark skinned skeleton of a man strutted up to me. “I’ve seen people who have fallen, and they don’t look like you.” He poked me in the chest with his boney finger.  
“You don’t have to believe me,” I said, “but it happened.”
“Let me show you what someone who falls from the train looks like.” He whistled and waved his arm at a man sitting on a green cement bench nearby. “Miguel! Come here a second.” 
The man limped over. “What’s up?”
“This guy is going around telling people he fell from the train.” 
“Because I did!”
The man from the bench gave me a disapproving look, and Black Skeletor jabbed his thumb at me. “Miguel, show him your leg.”
The man rolled up his right pant leg, revealing a plastic and aluminum prosthesis. He twisted it and it made a wet sucking sound. Then he pulled it off, revealing the pink tipped nub.
“See that?” Skeletor said. “This is what it looks like when you fall from the train.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” I said to the amputated man.
“You should be.” The man reset his prosthesis and said, “It’s not cool to talk about this like it’s some kind of joke. It’s not a joke.”
“No, I meant I’m sorry you lost your leg. Not sorry for lying. I did fall from the train a couple months ago.. That’s where these came from.” I showed him the scars on my head.
“Yeah,” he said flatly. “Sure buddy.” He hobbled back to his bench.
I stayed quiet after that, just listening in on other people’s stories as the group went on. It was a funny thing, this negative one-up-manship. It brought a kind of relief. I think we all took solace in knowing we weren’t the only ones to have been through some fucked up shit. 
“I got these from some men in La Arrocera,” one said, lifting his shirt to show striped scars on his back. “Bandits beat me with their belts till the skin came off.”
“Gangsters on the train gave me these,” another said, showing stab wounds on his chest.
“Oh yeah? Check this out.” A squat dark haired man raised his shirt to show a scar. He had a Z branded into his back. “I got this from Los Zetas in Tierra Blanca.”
I stood up. “You were there? At the ranch house?”
The man looked at me. “Do I know you?”
“I was there too!”
“Holy shit! Cinderella? Is that you?”
I nodded.
He gave me a hug. “I didn’t recognize you without the soot. Wow! I thought you were dead, man.”
“I don’t die so easily, I guess.” I said, trying to sound tough, but it came out sounding less confident than I had hoped.
“Man, you’re telling me.” He laughed. “Son of a bitch. Cinderella actually made it.” He slapped me on the shoulder. “Hey, why don’t we go over there so we can talk?”
We walked away from the larger group and sat under a tree near the river’s edge. He told me about the night I had escaped and how the zetas took their anger out on everyone else. 
“They beat us with sticks. El Rana was convinced you had help from one of us. He was completely psycho about it. If Casper hadn’t been there to keep him in check, he and Diablo would have killed us all for sure.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t think—”
“Don’t be ridiculous man! You don’t need to apologize. I’m just glad you got out. How did you get out by the way?”
I told him the details of my escape and survival. He took it all in with eager eyes. 
When I finished my tale he said, “That is one hell of a story man. They should make a TV show about you or something.”
“I know right! I mean, yeah, er… you know, whatever.”  
“Hey, but you need to be careful talking about it. If I were you, I’d keep all that stuff under wraps. We might be a long way from the ranch house, but we’re still in Zeta territory, and I’d hate to think what they would do to you if they found out you escaped.”
He was right. I needed keep my mouth shut about that stuff from here on out. 
Our mutual suffering had made us into fast friends and we spent the rest of the night talking about our lives, our plans, and our dreams. 
His name was Roberto. He was from El Salvador, where he had a wife and three kids waiting for him to return with money so they could move into a better neighborhood. Before heading north he had been a bus driver, until more and more of his co-workers were turning up dead on their shifts— all of them killed for not paying taxes charged by the maras. 
It was hard enough to support his family on the meager salary he received as a bus driver. Once the maras took their morditas he had nothing left. For the last two months before he set off for el norte, he said his family was so broke they were eating nothing but rice. 
So he came north, and it was all going well until the zetas got ahold of him. Now he was out of money and since he didn’t have a way to pay the coyotes, he had to find another way over the border. He had heard of a large group of ten or fifteen people at the shelter that were going to cross somewhere farther upstream tonight.
“I think I’m going to join them,” he said.
“Are you sure they know what they’re doing?”
“No, but how hard can it be? Just swim till you get across.”
“Trust me, it’s not that easy. They don’t call it the Rio Bravo for nothing. You need to be smart about where and when you cross.”
“I know, but these guys aren’t first timers like me. They’ve been north before. I’ll be fine.”
“I’m just saying, be patient. Okay?”
“Hey, I’m through being patient. I’ve already waited here for three days.”
I laughed. “You call three days patient?”
“Man, three days is three days. It’s not nothing.”
“Okay, but come on…”
“Look, tonight is my last night at the shelter. If I don’t go with them, I have nowhere to stay and no money. It might not be the best option, but it’s something, which is more than I will have if I stay and wait.” 
After dinner he went to prepare his things for his crossing, and I stayed in the common room to talk to people and try to gather any useful information that I could. It didn’t take long to hear a pattern emerge. Most of these people had never crossed before. They arrived here impetuous and unprepared, and the majority of them seem to be following the pray and plunge method of planning.
I asked a Guatemalan guy who was travelling with his wife and kid what his strategy was to get them across safely. He looked at me like it was the first time he had ever thought about it.
“Plan? My plan is to trust in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.”
“Okay? But don’t you think you should have some kind of idea what you’re going to do? You know so you can be prepared in case something goes wrong?”
He tapped the small bible he held in his hand. “This is all the preparation we need. God will see us through.”
I had no idea how to respond. The idea that this guy would risk his life and the lives of his wife and kid without any kind of concrete plan was insane. And he wasn’t the only one like that. With the exception of a rare few, everyone seemed to have the same grand stragegy— dive in, and let God take care of the rest. He will protect them. 
¡Claro! Of course he will! He will keep everyone safe. 
Except for those that he doesn’t. When the river spits up bodies farther downstream, you can be sure that the banks are littered with corpses of the faithful and unfaithful alike.
I weaved in and out of the little cliques lingering in the dining hall, but I didn’t get much useful information. However a guy who was on his fourth trip across the border told me he thought tonight was a bad night to cross. 
“If you’re smart,” he said. “You won’t go with your friend tonight. It has been raining up north for weeks and the water is too high. It’s a death trap.” 
I also learned of a kind of migrant camp that had set up near the bridge where the cars cross into the states. They say there are people there who could help me find a guide to take me across without any money. That sounded pretty sketchy to me. As far as I knew, no one made it across the river with a guide for free. There had to be more to that story. 
I preferred to continue with my current plan, which was to retrace the route my coyote had used the last time I went north. I would bide my time, wait till the river was low, and retrace his path. With any luck, in a few days, I’d be on my way to San Antonio.   
Later that night, Roberto stopped by my bunk to say goodbye. I had hoped Roberto would reconsider going with the group. I told him what the old guy said about the river, but he was set on going.  
“Are you sure you don’t want to join us?” he said.
“Yeah, I’m sure. I need to recuperate my energy before I even think about crossing. I know a good spot, but I have to find it again and I don’t know how long that’ll take.”
“Alright man,” he said. “I guess this is it then. It’s been great meeting you. It’s a shame it was under these circumstances but who knows, maybe our paths will cross again soon.”
“Maybe.”
He walked away. When he was in the doorway he snapped his fingers and turned back. “Oh, I almost forgot? I have something for you.” 
He dug in his pocket and handed me a small white business card. On one side it had a picture of Jesus, stretched out and bloody on the cross. A bible verse was overlaid onto it:

Cast your cares on the Lord and he will sustain you. He will not let the righteous fall.
-Psalm 55:22

On the back it had ten squares, three of which had holes punched in them.
“What is this?”
“It is a meal card for the San José Church down the street. You can get up to three meals a day with it. The shelter only serves dinner, so I’ve been getting lunch over there. I figured I’m not going to be needing it so…”
“I don’t know what to say.” 
“Don’t say anything. Just wish me luck tonight.”
“Good luck.”
He gave me a hug. “See you on the other side.”
A few minutes after that I laid down for bed, while he and twelve others set out in the dark. They would follow the river upstream to the spot that the group’s leader had said was good for crossing. I hoped, for Roberto’s sake, the guy was right.
CHAPTER 18
No Crossing Zone

I woke up with the sun the next morning and quietly slipped into my shoes and out the door, trying not to disturb the sleep of the other nine people who were still in their bunks. I filled up an old coke bottle with water from the spigot out front and left the shelter.
I had a long walk ahead of me today and I needed to get started before the sun was too high. My plan was simple. I would find the path I had taken with my coyote a couple years ago and re-cross there. 
I knew it would be dangerous. I stood a bigger chance of getting lost this way than if I hired a guide. But I had no money, and it costs at least a thousand dollars to pay for the cheapest inexperienced coyotes, and around five grand for the more experienced ones. 
There was no way I could come up with that kind of money any time soon. So this time it would be up to me. But I was confident. I had survived on my own before, and I could do it again. 
I walked downstream, past the industrial park where I’d entered the city. More than once, I turned the wrong way and had to double back to look for signs in the landscape that might hint at which direction I should go. I was walking down one of these divergent paths on the outskirts of the city, when I saw the body of a man stuck face down in the mud on the riverbank up ahead. 
At first, it looked like he was wearing a white shirt along with his blue boxer shorts, but when I got closer I saw that it was just a strong farmer’s tan. The current had wedged him between some rocks and the riverbank at an awkward angle. I climbed down the steep embankment to the body, using a tree branch for balance. Mud sucked at my shoes. I stopped, took them off, and tossed them into the grass before continuing.
I straddled the body. The skin was oversaturated, puffed up and pale. It moved when you touched it— like a latex glove filled with water. Leaves and sticks were tangled in the man’s hair. I flipped him over and I instantly recognized the face. It was the guy who had led Roberto’s group in the crossing last night. 
This was the kind of crap that happened when you just pray and plunge. Up here, the difference between knowing and not knowing was the difference between living and dying. You had to take your time; study the river.
“Didn’t you know that, asshole?” I said, and kicked the body. 
It lolled to one side and flopped back again. I immediately felt bad for doing it, but what this guy had done was so senseless. If he wanted to kill himself trying to cross, okay. But did he have to drag twelve others with him?
He had a small plastic bag tied to a rope around his waist. I rummaged through it. There was a wallet inside. I opened it and saw a photo of a child smiling back at me. I snapped the wallet shut.
God damn it. A pang of guilt tugged at the back of my throat. For a second, I considered putting the wallet back in the bag and leaving it with the body, but I overrode that impulse. 
What was I some big softy? This guy was dead. He wouldn’t be using any of this stuff. If I left it here, someone else would take it. It would be better to end up with me than in the hands of some gangbanger who would just use it on drugs. I could do a lot with that money. It would help me survive. Besides, this dickface’s idiocy may have killed my friend.  
I opened the wallet back up and counted out the bills. Three hundred twenty two dollars— a nice score. I stuffed the money in my pockets, and tossed the wallet aside. Then went through the bag for anything else that might be useful. I found some ointment for blisters and cuts, a pocket knife, some maxi pads (which I intended to use as insoles for my shoes), and some matches. The rest, I left with the body. 
I climbed up the riverbank and continued down the path, telling myself that I wasn’t a bad person. I needed this stuff. He didn’t. Simple as that. He didn’t know what he was doing, so he’d paid the price, and I was collecting the fees. He should have known better. 
But who am I to judge, I’m sure he had his reasons. People tend to think that migrants like us are running to the US, but in reality, most of us are running from, not to. 
We run from poverty, from gang violence, from corruption, from despair. The fact that so many of us are willing to risk death to get to el norte is a testament to how desperate we are to escape. The US is a beacon of hope for Central Americans. But for us, the path to a better life is fraught with danger, and to survive it you need patience. Something that guy didn’t have, and look where it got him. 
To make it, you have to be smart. You have to know what you are doing. That’s why people pay coyotes so much, because the coyotes have knowledge. 
They know all the safe crossing points. They know where the current is slower, where the water is shallower, where there are no border patrol scouts, and which routes to take in the desert on the other side. For most people, crossing the border without a coyote is suicide. 
But I wasn’t like most people. I was patient. I was being smart. And most of all I had a plan that I knew would work.
After hours of walking, I saw a familiar ranch house overlooking the river. The last time I was here, an old farmer lived in the house. Today, there was a young man doing maintenance on a motorcycle in the driveway. Norteña music blasted from the radio next to him. The accordion and tuba played in the background as the singer spun a tale of a Sinaloa Cartel member that caught a Border Patrol agent who tried to stop him from carrying drugs into the US. 
The mechanic stopped working on his bike to watch me pass. 
I waved.  
He didn’t. He just followed me with his emotionless eyes.
My stomach twisted under his stare. I was a long way from the city, and I knew that out here anything could happen.  
Once I returned to the tree line, the man resumed his work. I kept walking, and the brush grew more and more dense, closing in on both sides of the path. I heard flowing water, and sped up. The river appeared between the bushes up ahead.
I had done it! This was the place! 
I kept my eyes and ears open as I neared the water. There were fresh boot prints in the mud. Someone had been here, and recently. My gut stirred. I looked all around, but saw no one. 
The river was wider here than it was near the shelter, and much shallower. A small island sat midstream. I remembered it well. That was where our coyote had hidden us until he was confident the coast was clear. We’d snuck across in the night. 
I intended to do the same thing in a couple days. I just needed to check the depth of the water first; to be sure I could make it.
I crouched behind a tree and waited, looking for signs of people. I wanted to be certain one else was around before I went into the water. Once I was out there, I would be exposed and vulnerable. If there were bandits nearby, they would definitely see me as I waded across. 
Everything was still. The only sounds I heard were the soft babble of the river, and the faint music coming from the ranch house.  
I walked down to the water’s edge and tested the current with one foot. It was freezing cold but the pull wasn’t so bad. I stripped down to my undies and waded out into the river. The flow was fast but it was manageable. Halfway to the island, I hit a deep patch and the water went up to my shoulders. The current was strong but I never lost my footing. Soon it leveled out and was only waist deep the rest of the way. 
I made it to the island, which was overgrown with willow trees and weeds. I crouched in the silty grass and looked across the other half of the river. I remembered that half being much shallower, knee to thigh deep at its worst. But I would wait before testing it.
I didn’t want to cross it now, in the day time, and draw the attention of drones, or SUVs, or cameras, or motion sensors, or whatever it is they used to guard the border these days. So I rested in the shade of the tall reeds and tried to visualize how my crossing would go. 
It needed to be done at night, that was for sure. I could come here in the day and wait on the riverbank until nightfall, then cross. Once I made it to the other side, it would be a six or seven hour walk in the dark through the desert until I reached Laredo, Texas. From there, I could use the money I had found on the dead guy to buy some clothes, and get a bite to eat before I caught a bus for San Antonio. Once I got to San Antonio, I was home free. 
For now, this was enough. I could go back to the shelter and prepare. The river would be ready for me when I was; I just needed to wait for the right moment. I had gotten what I came for— knowledge.
I waded back to the Mexican side. Within a few minutes on shore, the sun had baked my skin dry. I slipped into my clothes, and refilled my water bottle from the river. The polluted water was so dirty that when I held it to the light, it had the color of tea and you could see little chunks of sludge floating around in there.
 I obviously couldn’t drink that, but I had to do something. I couldn’t make it all the way back to the shelter without water in this heat. I was already feeling dizzy. 
So I dumped it out and tried again, using a technique I had seen people doing in the swamps of Veracruz. I took off my shirt, and scooped up some water with it. Then I held it over the bottle and let the water drain out. The idea was to use the cotton fabric of the shirt like a double layered coffee filter to separate out the worst of the muck. 
The water that came out had a slight yellow tinge to it, which was a definite upgrade. As I raised the bottle to my lips and remembered an old superstition. When you drink from the Rio Bravo, people say, you’ll never leave Nuevo Laredo. I considerd that a moment then shrugged it off and drank anyway. It tasted heavy but it didn’t make me puke. 
When I finished, I refilled my bottle and walked down the bank to where I left my shoes.  I laced them up. I had a strange feeling. Something was wrong. 
A twig snapped. I looked up to see a man standing on the edge of the embankment, blocking my only exit. Grease covered the lean muscles of his arms up to his elbows. It was the mechanic from the ranch house. 
Shit! I knew something wasn’t right about that guy. 
Behind him, two more men stepped into view. They both had shaved heads like the mechanic. The three of them must have been value club members at Cholos-R-Us or something because they all wore the same outfit too— oversized white t-shirts, with the front tucked into sagging khaki pants, that were held up by braided belts. The same outfits Rana, Diablo, and Casper had worn. If these guys weren’t Zetas, they were something close.
We stood there frozen, staring at each other for a long moment. Then they advanced.
CHAPTER 19
Plan B

The three thugs spread out and started down the embankment.
“Hey, uh…” I said, my voice cracking. “How’s it going fellas?”
The mechanic looked at me, but this time there was a hint of emotion burning behind those dead eyes of his, a kind of psychotic anticipation that scared the shit out of me. I had seen that look before— in the ranch house. 
“What do you think you are doing ese?” He said. 
“Nothing. Just getting some water.”
“Just getting water, eh?” He said. “Is that what it looked like he was doing to you Smokey?”
“No,” Smokey, the smaller of the bunch, said. “It looked to me like he was trying to sneak into el norte without paying.”
I held up my hands. “No. I swear it’s not like that.”
“Then why don’t you explain to us what it’s like holmes?” 
They stepped forward, encircling me. 
I tried to run, but there was nowhere to go. They caught me and threw me to the ground, and suddenly I was Cinderella again. I was back in the ranch house being kicked and beaten. Only this time, instead of Rana dragging me across the floor and shoving me in the fireplace, it was the mechanic dragging me through the mud and shoving me into the water. 
He forced my head under. I squirmed and splashed, but they were too strong. 
He pulled me up. “You trying to cheat us bitch?”
“No!”
He dunked me again. This time I was down there longer, or at least it felt longer. When he pulled me up. I couldn’t stop coughing.
“You going to pay?”
“Yes,” I wheezed.
“Where’s the money?”
I dug in my pocket and handed him the money I had taken from the dead man— the only money I had. He pushed me under again, holding me down there even longer. My lungs screamed for air. I swallowed water as I struggled. I thought they were really going to do it this time. That it would all end here, on this secluded ford on the Rio Bravo. But, they finally pulled me up, and I collapsed on the river’s edge, coughing.
“Try this shit again and we’ll kill you.” The mechanic said. He counted the money. He handed the other two their cut and put his share in his pocket. “Now, get the fuck out of here!” 
He kicked me until I stood. I scrambled up the embankment. As I ran away I heard them shouting after me. “Don’t let me catch you here again puto!” 
So much for my master plan. Now I had no money, nowhere to cross, and after tomorrow I wouldn’t have anywhere to sleep. Right about now would be a good time to move on to plan B, only this was it. This was my plan B.
My original plan was to get my mom to transfer me some money so I could pay a coyote. I had funds set aside with her just for this purpose, but ever since the kidnapping I haven’t been able to get a hold of her. I tried to call her a couple of times on my way to the border, but both times the operator said her phone was disconnected. Now I didn’t even have money to call her with. 
I would have to move on to plan C, except I had no plan C yet. I spent the next two days at the shelter trying to figure out what I was going to do. I couldn’t cross on my own. I only knew of the one crossing point, and it was too dangerous with gangsters guarding it. No money meant coyotes were off the table. I was going to have to figure something else out, but I had no idea what. 
For now, all I could do was bide my time until an opportunity arose. I decided to save the meal card Roberto had given me, and get another one for me. If I rationed myself to only one meal a day, it would give me about two weeks worth of guaranteed meals between the two cards. That was one less thing to worry about. 
Now my main focus was on finding a safe place to stay until I figured out how to get across the border. On the morning of my last day at the shelter, I took what I thought would probably be my last shower until I got to the US, and I washed my clothes. By the time they were dry, it was close to lunch time. So I decided to head to the church. 
I got there early and sat on an empty bench in the shade of a palm tree. The plaza was bustling with activity. Migrants were everywhere. Some sat on the steps of the clock tower in the center of the plaza, others on the edge of a concrete fountain which had no water, and others were huddled in the little bits of shade under trees scattered throughout the park. They were clustered in groups of three, four, and five. 
Sketchy guys in fresh sneakers moved from group to group. They whispered in people’s ears, offering to take them north for good prices. I knew the type. The conversations tended to go like this:
“I can take you across the river for a good price. Trust me.”
“How much?”
“Only two hundred dollars. What do you say?”
Those who are too desperate or too naive to know better would pay, only to find out the hard way that it was a scam. These guys would take their victims down by the river in secluded places and rob them, or worse. Out there they could do whatever they wanted. When it was all over they would whisper in their victim’s ear again, but this time the tone of the conversation was different. Now it went something like:
“You tell anyone about this, and I’ll find you. Trust me.”
On the border, smuggling people across was such big practice that the real coyotes didn’t even try to hide what they were doing. People working for the coyotes stood on every street corner near the church, wearing baseball caps and handing out fliers. 
“¡Con El Chico! With El Chico!” They said to passersby. “1,900 dollars gets you to Houston. Come with us and you get food, water, shoes. Cross the river in a boat. Come here, whoever wants to make it to el norte in safety! Don’t trust your lives with anyone else. Go with El Chico!”
On the next corner it would be the same thing but under a different name, all claiming their coyote was the best.
The church bell chimed the hour, high noon, and the yellow doors swung open. I joined the flow of people being drawn to the church from every direction like iron files to a magnet. The staff formed us into a big line that wrapped around the block. I ended up somewhere in the middle.
I was waiting in the line, inching forward one shuffle step at a time, when I heard someone call my name.
“Raul?” 
I looked around. 
“Raul! Over here!” A man waved from the other side of the street.
“Raul! I’m glad I found you man. I’ve been coming here every day. Where have you been?”
“Roberto? I…I thought you were dead.”
“I almost was.”
“What happened?”
“Hey, you were right man. I shouldn’t have gone with them.”
“I told you.”
“I wish I’d listened to you too.” He lowered his head. “It was bad.”
“A couple days ago I saw the body of the guy who was taking you all across.”
“Carlito?”
“I guess. I don’t know his name, but it was him. Washed up dead on the river bank.”
“¡Mierda!” Roberto ran his hand through his hair. “I figured. He and a few others got caught in the current when the Border Patrol shined their lights on us.”
“Border Patrol? So you made it across?”
“Yeah. We spent most of the night just watching the other side, waiting for Carlito to tell us it was time to go. But he never did. He just kept pacing back and forth. After a while he stopped pacing and stared at the other side. Then he just jumped in to swim across.”
“Out of nowhere?”
“Yeah, like one minute he was talking to himself, and the next he was splashing across. We all went in after him. And believe me, it was rough. The current was pulling me downstream. It took all I had to make it over, but I made it.”
“Then why are you here?”
“Because everything went to shit. When I got to dry land, I started to get dressed. Most of the others made it across and were doing the same, but police lights started flashing and spotlights shined down on us.”
“Shit! ¿La migra?”
“La migra. There were so many lights it might as well have been mid-afternoon. They had a bull horn too. It was all like,” he cupped his hand over his mouth and spoke in a mock radio voice. “This is Unite State. You no welcome. Please go back you country.”
“What did you do?”
“I did what we all did. I panicked. I jumped back in the water, half dressed. But it was hard to swim back. I was too tired, and nearly drowned trying to make it back.” 
“And the others?”
“I don’t know. Well, now I know about Carlito, but not the others. Some of them stayed, and ran for it. I assume they were all caught. The rest were pulled farther downstream than I was I guess, either that or the river got them like it did Carlito, because I never saw them on shore. I haven’t seen them around here either.”
“Damn.”
He sighed. “Yeah. Anyway,” he said, putting his arm around my shoulder. “Hind sight is always 20/20 right? Let’s not talk about that anymore. It’s over. Now we need to look ahead. Tell me, what are you doing here? I thought you’d still be at the shelter.”
“Last night was my last night. I need to find somewhere else to stay for now.”
“Well you’re in luck. I know just the place.”
We went inside and ate. I gave him back his meal card and registered for my own. Over lunch I told him about what had happened with the thugs the other day. 
“Man, you need to be more careful. Those guys were probably zetas.”
“You think?”
“Yeah, zetas control the river and collect from the coyotes. No one crosses here without paying. Everyone knows that. You’ve got to be more careful.”
“Now I have a bigger problem though, I have to find another way across. That was the only good crossing point I know about, if I can’t cross there, I don’t know what I’m going to do.” I laughed. “In a couple of weeks I might end up trying the same stupid shit Carlito did and end up just like him.”
“Don’t talk like that. There is another option.”
“Oh yeah?” I said, “What’s that?”
Roberto stood and walked me outside, once we were out of earshot he said in a low voice, “I met this guy, at the camp where I’m staying, and he set me up with this other guy who introduced me to a guy that takes people across for free.”
“No way.”
“I swear to Christ,” he said, and made the sign of the cross.
“There is no way they cross you for free. There has to be some kind of catch.” 
“Okay, it’s not for free free. You have to work for it.”
“See, I knew there was a catch. It’s not really free.”
“Well, you don’t have to pay them any money, and they give you supplies and everything so it’s the next best thing.”
“There is no way this is legit.”
“Depends on what you mean by legit, but it is real. Anyway, I’m doing it. If you want, I can introduce you.”
“I don’t know…sounds sketchy.”
“Raul, I hate to be the one to break it to you, but the both of us are out of options. Sketchy is all we have to work with at this point.” He stopped walking. “So you want to meet the guy or what?”
“Okay,” I said. “I’ll meet him.”
“Great! Come with me.”
“What? Right now?”
“Yeah, he’s right over here. Follow me.”
CHAPTER 20
Coyote Ugly

Roberto took me around the block and behind an abandoned gas station, where there was an opening in the bushes. We walked down a long winding path that got more and more narrow as it descended to the river. Hidden among the cat tails and reeds at the river’s edge, there was a clearing. Mattresses were scattered about, small huts were rigged from cardboard, and the ground was covered in trash. 
In the center of the encampment, next to a smouldering fire pit, sat three men on overturned plastic crates. They were playing cards, but instead of betting with money or poker chips, they were betting with little baggies of smack. All three of them had track marks on their arms, and black circles under their eyes— heroin addicts. 
Fucking shit, Roberto! What the hell were you getting me into?
“Who is that?” One of them said, without looking up from his cards. The cigarette that hung from his lip and bobbed in time with his words.
“El Lobo, this is my friend Raul. Raul, this is El Lobo. He’s the guy I told you about.”
El Lobo studied his cards. “You got money Raul?” he asked, and raised the pot by two baggies. One of the men folded. The other called. 
“No,” I said.
“What you got? Drugs? Beer?”
“No. Nothing.”
“Then what the hell you doing in my camp?”
Roberto stepped in. “He wants to work for passage across the border.”
The men showed their cards. El Lobo sucked his teeth and said, “Puta madre.” He had a pair of eights. The other guy had a full house.  
El Lobo sighed and stood up. He put his hands on his hips and looked me over. “So you want to work, huh?”
“He does,” Roberto said.
El lobo gave Roberto a cutting stare. “I want to hear him say it.”
“I do,” I said.
“You do what?”
“I want to work to get into the US.”
El Lobo ran his tongue over his teeth. He took a long drag on his cigarette, and took a long look at me. “Okay,” he said and spat. “He can stay for now, but he is sharing your bed.”
“Thank you,” Roberto said.
“Don’t thank me yet. You still have to get okayed by El Jefe. I’ll talk to him and arrange a meeting. No promises though.”
We left them, and Roberto showed me around the camp. Our bed was a thin soggy mattress. The closet was a tree spiked full of nails for people to hang their clothes on. The bathroom was, well everywhere apparently, including the river. When I discovered this I cringed, remembering the murky water I drank farther downstream a couple days ago.  
The place was a shithole to say the least, littered with trash and smelling as bad as it looked, but it was still safer than anywhere else in Nuevo Laredo. The rest of the city was full of wolves ready to prey on the stragglers left behind by the river, the ones who had become stranded after losing phone numbers and addresses en route to the border, the people without money or the slightest prospect of getting any. Border towns were always purgatory kind of places that had little to offer but depression, despair, and for some, death. They were places where good people turned into beggars, addicts, and criminals— a trap I’d do anything to keep from falling into. 
I stayed in the camp for the next few days while we waited for El Lobo to arrange the meeting with El Jefe. Lobo was a bit of renaissance man in the local underworld. An opportunist. He would steal, deal, and smuggle to help feed his habit and get another dose of  la cura, which is what he liked to call heroine. He shot up every chance he got, and when he was in need of a fix he became a real asshole. 
He had a little crew of guys that followed him around, permanent residents of the camp, that he called his lobitos. He shared his drugs with them and they helped him run his many small time criminal enterprises.
One day, Roberto and I were walking back from lunch at the church when we passed him and one of his lobitos running down the street in the opposite direction, carrying some sort of electronic device under their arms. The wires dangled and skittered on the ground behind them. He was laughing like a lunatic. A moment later, a man came running around the corner with a baseball bat, shouting at them.  
This was my life now. It was insane to think that things had somehow devolved to this. I had put my entire future in the hands of that heroine addict with the lunatic laugh. Yet, with each passing day the absurd bacame more normal, until I barely noticed it anymore. 
I used to have trouble sleeping. The first couple nights were hard, with all the people coming and going from the camp as they went to the water to try and cross on inner tubes. The bark of the bullhorns used by the Border Patrol (or as El Lobo liked to call them, the Power Rangers) cut into the night, “You are in American territory. Please return to your country.” 
The patero gig was just another stream of habit-supporting income for El Lobo. I didn’t understand how he could get people to pay him to cross here. They must have been crazy desperate to consider it, because crossing them here was like sending mice right into the cat’s paws. I mean, the damn bridge was close enough that I could hear the squeaky brakes of the cars as they crept forward in line to be checked by Customs. 
Did people really think they had a chance of crossing so close? Apparently so, because almost every night the same scene unfolded. It didn’t bother me anymore though. Now I slept like a rock, bullhorns or no.
After five nights in the camp, Roberto and I were thinking about talking to El Lobo again because it seemed like he had forgotten us. But every time we brought it up, he told us to relax, and assured us he was on top of it. A few more days passed and no news. Then one afternoon he showed up in the camp, carrying a stolen turkey under his arm. He walked past us, and stopped. 
“Roberto,” He said, “There you are! I’ve been looking for you.” He acted like it was the first time he had seen him in weeks, even though they had spoken earlier this morning. “You and your friend Reymundo still want to cross the river?”
“Raul,” I said.
Lobo looked at me, confused. “What?”
“Nothing,” Roberto said, stepping in front of me. “Of course we do.”
“Great. I talked to El Jefe this morning about you two. He said he will meet you tonight in La Iguana cantina.”
“What time?” I asked.
“What are you hard of hearing or something? Tonight!” He looked at Roberto and cocked his head at me. “Where did you pick this guy up man?”
“Thanks Lobo,” Roberto said. “We’ll be there.”

So that night we met with El Jefe at his cantina. He was easy to spot. An older man in his early forties, maybe late thirties. He had a thick black mustache and his beer belly threatened to break the buttons on his striped shirt. He wore a cowboy hat with matching snakeskin boots and a bolo tie.  The guy couldn’t be more stereotypically Mexican if he had on a poncho and sombrero. 
“One moment,” he said, when we came up to him at the bar. He held the latest smart phone in his hand. Gold rings glinted on his fat sausage fingers as he deftly tapped out a text. What was that, an I-Phone 6? Or did they already have a seven? Who knew? Only people like him. 
Around here a new phone and new sneakers were signs of great success. This guy was taking it up a notch with that belly of his, the jewelry, the shiny white truck with the gold rims and tinted windows parked out front. He was a walking billboard for the good life. I’m sure his fresh clothes and fat face have brought him plenty of business too.
He finished his message and put his phone in his pocket. He smiled at us and said, “Let’s go somewhere that we can speak privately, shall we?”
He led us to the staircase in the back of the bar, and we went up the creaking wooden steps to the office. He waddled, or was it swaggered? Okay, he swaggled over to his desk.
“Please,” he said. “Take a seat.” 
We sat in our chairs.
“Now,” he said. “Marco tells me you are looking for a loan.”
We looked at each other. “Marco? No, I think you have us confused with someone else. We were told to come here by El Lobo.”
He slapped the table and laughed. “Oh yes, that’s right. I remember. Looking for a way across the border right?”
We let out a sigh, and sat back in our seats. “Yes. That’s us.”
“Forgive me; I have too many clients to keep track of these days. One of the difficulties of running a growing business.” He stood up and walked to the other side of the room as if he had just remembered something very important. “Would you two care for some coffee?” 
“No thanks.”
He returned with a steaming expresso cup in his hands. He blew on it and took a sip. “So, what did our friend El Lobo tell you about the job?”
“Nothing really. He just told us to come here and meet with you.”
“Alright. Well basically it works like this: I give you a loan, by way of paying your crossing tax and guide fee. You pay me back by doing good work. So long as nothing goes wrong, when the job is complete, we are square. You won’t owe me anything and you can go on your way.”
“That sounds great and all,” I said, “but what happens when we get on the other side? We don’t know the routes through the desert.”
He laughed. “Do you think I’d let my men stumble through the desert in el norte alone?”
Roberto and I forced awkward laughs. 
“Of course not!” He said. “This is as much a gamble for me as it is for you. I am spending a lot of money on you guys. I need to make that money back, and the way I make it back is by making sure you comple the job.” He leaned forward on his desk, and clasped his hands together. “Listen, I will provide you with transportation to the crossing zones as well as to safe houses on the other side, along with all the necessary supplies to get you there safely. We’re talking new clothes and shoes, a new backpack, plus plenty of food and water.” He leaned back in his chair again. “So are you in or what?”
“I just have one more question,” I said.
“Shoot.”
“What will we be transporting?”
El Jefe’s voice turned hard. “You ask too many questions. You’ll be taking the things I give you. Period. Now, are you in or not?”
I looked at Roberto, uneasy. He nodded. I took a deep breath and said, “Yes, we’ll do it.” 
“Great! Now, keep in mind, this isn’t going to happen overnight. These things are complicated and take time to set up, but don’t worry, I’m working on it.”
“Sure. Of course.”
“Now,” he said. “There is one last thing.”
“What’s that?”
“I’m taking a big risk in trusting you with my merchandise.” He pointed at me and his eyes turned cold. “If you two try to fuck me on this… Well, just don’t try to fuck me. Do we understand each other?”
“I think so, yeah.” Roberto said nodding.
“No fucking,” I said. “Got it.”
“Okay then.” He slapped us on the back and walked us to the door. “El Lobo will let you know what to do next.” He extended his hand. “Good luck fellas.”
We shook hands. The grip was a bit too firm to be friendly. We left the office, and as I descended the squeaky stairs into the dark and cavernous bar below, I got this sinking feeling that I had just made a deal with the devil.
PART TWO
LOS ESTADOS UNIDOS
CHAPTER 21
Crossing Over

More than three weeks passed before they were ready to go, but El Jefe kept his word. He took care of everything. He even let us eat at his cantina for free whenever we wanted. He said we needed to put on some weight so we would be strong for the crossing. 
Every time we went there we saw people heading up the stairs to talk with him. Some left looking happy, most left looking the way I imagined I’d looked after meeting him for the first time— like they knew they’d just fucked themselves over but couldn’t quite figure out how.
As the days went on, three more people joined us. Now it was Roberto and I, plus a father and son pair of campesinos from southern Mexico named Juan and Enrique, and a tough looking guy from El Salvador named Guillerme.
Almost a month after our meeting in El Jefe’s office, we were all sleeping in the camp when El Lobo woke us early in the morning. 
“Get up! Get up! Get up! It’s time to go!” He had been drinking already; I could smell it on his breath and hear it in his speech.
He and one of his lobitos piled us in the back of an old Ford Bronco. We rode across town to the parking lot of ‘La Central,’ which is the main bus station in Nuevo Laredo. From there you could go anywhere you wanted in Mexico.
“Get some breakfast,” El Lobo said, and handed us each fifty pesos. “And meet me at the station at nine. Don’t be late.”
We all went our separate ways to find food. Roberto and I ate cheap pastries and coffee that we bought from a street vendor, and returned to the bus station. 
La Central was a chaotic place. People rushed every which way trying to catch their buses. Brake lines sighed and brake pads squeaked. A woman’s voice on the P.A. system read the names of cities and gates.
“Attention please. All those departing for Mexico City please board at Gate twelve. Last call for Mexico City. Gate twelve.”
The others met us around 8:45 and we stuck together in front of the station’s entrance, afraid to go too far and lose El Lobo. Soon the clock on the wall said 9:15, then 9:30. We got nervous. Did something happen? What was going on? It wasn’t until 9:42 that El Lobo returned. 
“What they hell are you doing?” El Lobo said as he strode up. “Don’t look so lost. Act like you know what’s going on.”
“But we don’t know what’s going on,” I said. “Maybe if you would keep us informed…”
He either didn’t hear me, or he ignored me. “Look normal,” he said. “Don’t be so disorganized or you will draw attention. Get into a line, no one notices people in lines.” He flicked his lock of hair out of his face. “And act like you have somewhere to be for fuck’s sake!” 
We formed ourselves into a line and he put us against the far wall near the bathrooms.
“Wait here,” he said. “I’ll be right back.”
He left again. This time he walked down the line of buses, and stepped onto one. He spoke with the bus driver, and pointed at us. The driver shook his head. El Lobo slipped him some money. The driver pocketed the cash and they shook hands. Lobo got off the bus and came back.
He had his long greasy hair tied back in a pony-tail today, but he let this little lock of hair he hang free on the front left side. It hung down to his chin and he was always whipping it out of his face. He probably thought it made him look cool, like a rock star or something. We all agreed that made him look like a payaso. His bad sense of style didn’t matter though, as long as he knew what he was doing. God, I hoped he knew what he was doing.
“Let’s go,” he said, and ushered us onto the bus. 
The driver didn’t say a word as we boarded. We were the first ones on. We went all the way to the back and waited for a few more people to board, then the driver closed the doors and backed out into the already sweltering morning sun. 
My heart fluttered. Roberto and I smiled at each other. This was it. After a month of waiting, we were going to el norte at last.
The bus ride took hours. No one knew where we were going, and El Lobo wasn’t telling. We passed the time joking and dreaming about life in el norte.
Juan told about the thatched roof hut where he and Enrique had lived. It was a simple place. They didn’t even have electricity, and they had to get their water from a well. But it was home. They took care of the entire family there— the grandmother, his wife’s brother and his kid, plus his wife and their younger daughter. Everyone, seven people in all, slept together in the small two room house.
“We are going to Florida,” he said. “To work in the orange groves picking oranges. We’ll work a few seasons and return with enough money to build a cement house.”
“A good plan,” Roberto said. “I want to do the same. I’m trying to move my family out of our neighborhood and build a house in a safer place. I have a cousin who works construction in some place called Narizona. So that is where I’m going.”
“¿Narizona?” Enrique said. “Why would they name it that?”
“I don’t know,” Roberto said. “I guess the lady who founded it must have had a big nose.”
We all laughed. 
“Maybe,” I said. “Or maybe it’s really called Arizona.”
“Who knows? Maybe,” Roberto said. “Guillerme, what about you?”
Guillerme was from San Salvador. He was escaping the gang violence that had grown out of control there.  
“The gangs had this truce a few years ago,” he said. “It looked like things were going to get better but last year the truce ended. Now it’s worse than ever. I had to get out.”
“Where are you going?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” he said, looking out the window. “Just away. It doesn’t matter where. I heard that there is work in Denver. So maybe there.”
“Denver?” Juan said. “Where is that?”
Roberto answered, “I think it’s close to Narizona. Maybe we can work together.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Guillerme smiled. “Let’s see.”
They had no clue. It just shows you how unprepared most people are when they go north the first time. I know I hadn’t been. 
For people like Guillerme, it can be even harder than it was for me, because they go north without a support network. Many people like him don’t make it very long on the other side before getting deported. Avoiding INS can be a full time job. It helps to have other people share the burden. Thankfully, I had my mom. Without her, I’d have been lost.
When she went north she had no one, not even an idea where she was going. She had chosen the state based on the name. She didn’t want to go to Nevada because she thought it snowed too much (Nevada means snowy in Spanish) and she didn’t like the cold. And definitely not Montana because there would be too many hills to walk up and down all the time. She settled on Florida, thinking it must be a nice place to be so flowery. She had heard it was hot there like in Honduras. 
She started out in Ft. Lauderdale. After a few years, she ended up in Atlanta, before settling in a suburb of the city called Norcross. Which is where she lived when I came the first time. 
I was only there a year before I moved out. Things weren’t good at home. Most of that was my fault. I was fifteen, and rebellious. I had grown up without a mother, and had built up this perfect image of her that was impossible for her to live up to. Life in the states didn’t turn out to be the perfect fairytale I had imagined. 
So, I found a place and moved in with my girlfriend. She got pregnant and we needed money, so I went wherever there was work. I travelled all over the metro area, sleeping sometimes at home and sometimes with friends. The first time I got deported, I was driving back from work and rolled through a stop sign. A cop flicked on those blue lights and that was it. He turned me in to immigration services. They sent me back. 
While I was away, my girlfriend had the baby. By the time I returned the kid was almost one. Things got rockier. Money was tight. The kid needed new clothes, needed food, needed, needed, needed. I hate to say it but that kid destroyed our relationship. 
I had to come up with a way to make more money. The landscaping job I was working just wasn’t cutting it (no pun intended). So I went off to work in Virginia for eight months to help build a golf course. It paid well, and I sent every extra dime I had back to her and the kid— only to come home and discover that she was living with another man. 
I haven’t seen her or my kid since then. I moved back in with my mom after that. She got me a job where she worked. We were a part of a cleaning crew, doing late night work in the large steel and glass skyscrapers downtown. One night INS did a raid at the office, after getting an anonymous tip that illegals were working there. They deported everyone. Thankfully, my mom was off work that day. 
Now she is working as a private house cleaner. It is safer that way— less chance of getting busted. I miss her a lot, and I can’t wait to get back.
I knew what some of these people on the bus with me didn’t know. I knew that America wasn’t the land of milk and honey. Before I left, people used to tell me that in the US money comes easy and the girls love men with accents, but all that stuff is bullshit. And I said as much to the men riding the bus with me.
“I don’t care what you have heard. Life on the other side isn’t easy,” I said. “You will struggle— a lot. It will be hard.” I saw the worry on their faces, the doubt, the fear, and I felt bad. I felt guilty for destroying their illusions, but it was true and they needed to be prepared.
The bus’s brakes hissed and we came to a stop at one of the many roaming checkpoints the military police set up near the border. We all tensed. El Lobo turned back to us. 
“Don’t worry,” he said, brushing his lock out of his face. “They’re looking for drugs. Just don’t say anything, and don’t look afraid. It’s the ones who look afraid that get questioned.” He turned back. “Everybody act like you’ve got somewhere to be and we’ll be fine.” 
That seemed to be El Lobo’s cure for everything; look like you’ve got somewhere to be and you’ll be fine.  
The driver opened the door and two young soldiers stepped on. The soldiers inspected the bus, looking at the bags in the overhead compartments. One of them made eye contact with me, and I forced myself to look back at him, holding his gaze a moment before I looked away. Out the window I saw two more soldiers with drug dogs circling the baggage area under the bus.
The soldiers didn’t find anything. They thanked the driver for his cooperation and got off. After we pulled away from the checkpoint, El Lobo walked to the front of the bus and spoke with the driver. A few miles down the road, the driver took an exit to a small town half way to Piedras Negras, and pulled into a gas station slash restaurant called La Oasis del Desierto.
“Get your shit,” El Lobo said, as the bus stopped. “We’re getting off here.”
We descended the steps and the bus pulled out of the parking lot. We coughed away the cloud of black diesel exhaust that it left behind.
“Go inside and use the bathroom,” El Lobo said. “Get some food if you want. You’ll need it later.” He handed out some money to each of us.
“How much should we get?” I asked.
“Enough,” he said flatly. “Now get going. I need to take care of some shit.”
I followed the others inside and used the bathroom and got a couple of cans of tuna. Roberto bought a couple of cold cokes. 
“Why are you getting drinks?” I asked. “Lobo told us El Jefe would give us plenty of water.”
“Oh, this isn’t for the trip,” he said. “This is to celebrate.”
“Celebrate?”
“Yeah. When we get to the safe house.”
“Great idea,” Juan said. “I’m going to do that too. Mind if my son and I join you?”
“Of course not,” Roberto said. “The more the merrier.”
Juan smiled and rushed to the cooler to pick out their sodas.
I looked at my cans of tuna. “Man you don’t have to do that. Let me at least pay for half.”
“What for? It’s not our money.” He laughed. “Just let me get a bite of that tuna later. Okay?”
“Deal.”
As we were checking out, one of those old hippy style VW vans pulled up, and parked on the other side of the parking lot. The cowbell on the glass door jangled when El Lobo came in and said, “Our ride’s here. Get outside.” 
The van, which is known as a combi around here, already had four people in it— two gangsters and two migrants. The back was filled with hiking gear and one gallon jugs of water. We stuffed ourselves in, and the van pulled out of the gas station. We introduced ourselves to the two new migrants. Their names were Alfonso and Manuel, they were cousins from Veracruz and kept to themselves.  
The younger of the two gangsters drove. He was a little on the heavy side, and his checkered shirt was darkened at the pits and neck line with sweat stains. He and El Lobo seemed to know each other and joked the whole way. When the driver laughed, he show a mouth full of rotten teeth under his thin mustache. The other gangster was a hard looking guy with wet hair and a pistol in his hand. He rode in the front passenger seat, giving directions. Okay, his hair wasn’t actually wet, he just used too much of that hair gel that makes it look like you have always just gotten out of the shower. 
El Lobo sat in the back with us, whipping his annoying lock of hair out of his face every two seconds. We drove a few kilometers on a farm road and Wet Head told the driver to pull over.
“Here?” the driver said. 
“Up there.” Wet Head pointed with his gun. “In that patch of dirt.”
“You sure you don’t want to go to the usual spot?”
“No. This is it. Right here. Here!”
The driver pulled into a large sandy area at the base of a rocky hill. We all stepped out of the van and into the hot afternoon sun. We hadn’t even started our hike and I was already sweating.
Wet Head was the first to get out. He opened the sliding door for us. “Everybody get a bag,” he said. 
“You heard him,” Lobo said, and he pushed us out the door. 
We all carried heavy packs, the kind people use when they go backpacking across Europe or something. Each one had to weigh around thirty kilos, maybe more. When we all had our bags strapped on, Lobo and the fat driver went around snapping one gallon water jugs to the large carabiners attached to each side of the backpacks, adding even more weight to our load.
“Come on,” Wet Head said, waving his pistol. “The border is just over this hill.”
We followed him up, with El Lobo taking up the rear. Behind us, the fat guy got back in the combi and drove away. 
We stumbled up the hill, slipping in the loose rocks and sand, not knowing what to expect. Would we have to jump a fence? Would we have to fight our way across the river? Would we have to hide in the scrub from drones with cameras or SUVs with bullhorns?
It turned out to be nothing like that. When we crested the hill we could see the Rio Bravo snaking below us into the distance. The only thing that let us know we were at the border was a small sign on a downed barbed wire fence. And we simply stepped over that and continued on. The sign on the fence said: USA PROHIBIDO. 
I got a laugh out of that. Someone should have told the idiots who made the sign that in Spanish, USA is EEUU? To a Spanish speaker, usa is a conjugation of the word usar which means to use. So basically the sign that is supposed to tell people to stay away from the border just says, USE IT PROHIBITED, in bad Spanish. 
Great job US government. You get a gold star!
The most that sign would ever do to deter people from crossing was make them pause for a second to wonder what they were not supposed to be using. The fence? The desert? The river? Signs? They might scratch their heads or purse their lips or make a joke but then they would just put their head down and trudge on. 
We left the stupid sign, and walked down the hill. Wet Head took off his pack, and sat under a guajillo tree. We all did the same, finding shade wherever we could. 
“We wait here until nightfall,” Wet Head said, waving his pistol at us.
Had this guy never heard of a holster? I hoped he had the safety on at least, because he was carrying that gun around like it was a loaf of bread. 
To pass the time, Wet Head and El Lobo familiarized us with our equipment. It turned out that El Jefe really hadn’t spared any expense. Along with the backpacks, he had given us a small bag with fresh clothes and new shoes to put on when we got on the other side of the river. We also had LED headlamps with a red light setting, which would minimize the chance of being seen by Border Patrol while still letting us see where we were walking. 
We had no food or supplies in our packs because we had to make space for El Jefe’s precious cargo. All of the food and was divided between the packs of Wet Head and Lobo, which I’m sure they did so they could ration our food.
“How long do we have to walk?” I asked Wet Head.
“We’ll walk all night. Five, six hours…” he twitched. “Maybe ten, depending.”
“Depending on what?”
“On what’s out there. We should make it to the pick up spot by morning. If for some reason we don’t,” he swatted at some invisible bug, “and the sun catches us before we get there, we’ll wait until tomorrow night and finish. But two days at the most.” Another twitch. “No more than three.”
His answer made me uneasy, and not only because he was twitching like a crackhead, but because it made no fucking sense. I mean really, what the hell kind of answer was that? Five hours. No wait, maybe three days! What? Do you even know where we’re going? 
I tried to calm myself down, to keep from panicking, but it was hard. I was in the middle of nowhere, in the desert, being led by a heroin addict and some twitchy creeper with plastic hair, who, in the one hour I’ve known him, had already waved his gun at me like three times. 
Jesus Raul, what have you gotten yourself into? 
The sky turned orange, and the sun set, offering a little relief from the heat. Wet Head and El Lobo got everyone up. 
“¡Vamanos pendejos!” Wet Head said. 
“Let’s go!” El Lobo said. “Let’s go! It’s time.”
I picked up my backpack from the dusty earth, and slipped my arms through the straps. Then I grabbed my bag of clothes, and fell in with the others, who were already walking north toward the river. 
We lined up on the edge of the river bank, and Wet Head gave us a few words of encouragement before we crossed into the US.
“Everyone keep together, and tread soft. No more talking from here on out. If you see the Power Rangers, hide but don’t run. If I have to chase you down…” he held his pistol in the air, “let’s just say you won’t be running anywhere after that. You got me?” He let his words sink in before turning to descend the steep bank down to the Rio Bravo. “¡Vamanos Burros!”
We followed him into the river, linking our arms together in a kind of human chain. The water was shallow here but it flowed fast. We had to walk sideways and lean into the current to keep from getting swept away.
I stepped out of the rocky riverbed, and onto American soil. Finally, after enduring more than three months of horrors, and strife, I was here. I couldn’t believe it had been such a bitch to get back. As I changed into my new clothes, I steeled myself for the journey. 
All I have to do is make it through the night with these retards and I will be home. I just have to make it through tonight. 
CHAPTER 22
Into the Night

Night time in the desert is horrible. Every shadow is teeming with creepy, deadly creatures. All night I kept seeing quick flurries of movement, only to look up and find nothing there. At most, I might catch a glimpse a leg or a tail as some critter scurried under a rock or into some crevice. Tarantulas, bats, sidewinders, lizards, and scorpions lurked just beyond the light of our lanterns. It was enough to make your hair stand on end.  
Everything is dangerous in the desert. Dust in caves or valley floors is full of fungus that makes you sick. Harmless looking beetles bite you and a few minutes later your body is covered in big red burning welts. Even the plants are poisonous or armored with spikes. 
Prickly pears reach out and claw at shins, saguaros cut arms, mesquite trees scratch faces, and chollas, the damn cholla cacti are the worst of all. The long spikes they carry have little barbs on the tip. When they sink their teeth into you, they hang on like a Pitbull on a bone.
We used our red headlamps, but it was hard to judge distance with only one spectrum of light and walking into shrubs was common. Every few minutes someone cursed as they unsnagged whatever had gotten ahold of them.
On the good side, I found out that Wet Head has a name. It’s Smiley. At least that is what El Lobo has been calling him. I find that pretty ironic since the guy never fucking smiles, but whatever. Maybe it was one of those ironic nick names like Little John.
He hadn’t let us rest since we changed clothes at the river.
“We’ll walk through the night,” he had said. “Five hours max. Everybody have water?”
We held up our jugs.
“Good. Don’t waste it. If we don’t make it to the pickup spot tonight, you will need it tomorrow.”
We spent all five of those hours he had said it would take to cross the desert, hiking up and down mountains. We were looking for some place Smiley kept calling “the big rock.” 
We’re going to the big rock, he would say. 
Is that it? 
No. 
How about that one? 
Nope. 
Over there?
No. I think it’s up this hill. 
We’d climb the hill and he would tell us that was the wrong one, then we’d climb the next and repeat. And climbing these hills was no joke. The first one we had hit with gusto, but with the extra weight we carried, it didn’t take long before our thighs were burning. 
None of us wanted to complain though. We were young tough guys after all. No one wanted to admit to weakness so early on. Instead, we gritted our teeth and pushed forward. I was even able to force myself to breathe through my nose on the first one, a feat few were able to do.
By the third hill, we were all panting. Don’t get me wrong, we weren’t in bad shape. But Jesus, this was for Olympians, not orange pickers and construction workers. The terrain didn’t make it easy on us. The sides of the hills were steep and covered with tiny little rocks that made you slip. It was like walking the wrong way up an escalator. For every two steps you went up, you went down one. 
Smiley didn’t care that we were doing it with forty kilos on our backs. He was a slave driver.
“¡Ándale chicas! Faster!” he said, and nimbly hopped up the trail. “Come on, we have to go faster.” 
It was easy for him to say, he only had a dinky little backpack. We were the ones lugging around these human sized bags all over the place. 
On the fourth hill, even El Lobo was dragging behind and out of breath. 
When Smiley crested the hill he called down to him. “El Lobo! ¡Ándale! ¡Ándale! I’ve found the big rock.”
“¡Allí voy! ¡Ya voy! I’m coming! I’m coming!”
El Lobo hurried past the rest of us, and met Smiley at the top. We joined them a few minutes later, and dropped our packs to the ground. I unhooked one of the water containers and chugged. 
It was the first time we had rested all night. I was exhausted. The sweat on my shirt caught the chill night wind and I shivered. It was hard to believe this was the same place where we sat in the shade baking near the river. It was almost cold enough to see your breath now.
Smiley and El Lobo stood next to the “big rock.” Of course, I don’t know how they could tell the difference between that big rock and the ten thousand other big rocks we had passed in the night looking for this one. But who am I to question? He’s the expert, right?
“Look there,” Smiley said, calling us over. He pointed across the valley, at a lopsided plateau draped in blueish shadow among a cluster of flat topped canyons. “That’s the crooked cliff. The second desert is on the other side, and on the other side of the second desert is the pickup spot.”
We all looked at each other and nodded. 
I patted Roberto on the back. “That’s not so bad.”
“Yeah, we can handle that,” Roberto said. 
“Yeah.”
“I have to say,” Roberto said, “I was starting to get afraid we were lost.” 
“Lost?” El Lobo laughed. “No. Not lost. Never. We were just taking a different route.” He lowered his voice and raised an index finger. “The best way to beat the Power Rangers is to stick to the high country.” He patted him on the shoulder and raised his voice, speaking to everyone. “There hasn’t been an SUV invented that can follow us up these hills. No one will spot us up here. Now that we’re on the trail, we’ll be fine. Smiley has gone this way a dozen times. Haven’t you Smiley?”
Smiley turned back and smiled at us, and by smiled I mean grimaced. “No more resting,” he said. “Time to walk.”
He started down the mountain. We strapped up and followed him. 
In many ways the descent was worse than going up. It was hard to keep your footing. Every now and then, one of us would slide uncontrolled right into a cactus. Once we got to the valley floor though, things got a little easier. Down here we could churn away the miles at a good pace. 
Smiley didn’t fuck around. He didn’t talk, just marched ahead. Sometimes El Lobo would break the silence by whistling a tune. The notes didn’t carry in the open landscape and sounded eerily dead. It was like the desert wouldn’t let anything joyful survive more than a second out here. Smiley wouldn’t either. Every time El Lobo whistled, Smiley would tell him to stop before long.  
As the hours passed, I lost myself in thought, trying to keep my mind off the burning in my legs and back and shoulders. Trying to ignore the dizziness I felt. I thought about what I would do when I got back. Maybe I could find a nice American girl and get married. Then I could get a green card and I wouldn’t have to go through this shit ever again. 
I fought off thoughts about me falling from the train, and the ranch house, and Geraldo, and my cousins. I was suffering enough now; I didn’t need to add any wounds from the past to make things worse. I had to stay positive. 
Sometime well after midnight, we started up a low rocky hill at the base of a canyon. The deep shadow of the canyon yawned a few hundred meters away. We were walking along smoothly now. El Lobo started whistling again, and this time Smiley didn’t stop him. We cut across the ridge of the hill.
From somewhere below and to our right, search lights illuminated everything around us, sending long shadows skittering across the rocky earth. I squinted into the light, frozen. What the hell was going on? 
“¡La Migra! Hide!” Smiley shouted, and we ran to find cover.
A gun shot cracked across the valley, and echoed off the mountains. A tiny plume of dust kicked up near Juan’s feet. What the hell were la migra doing shooting at us? 
A diesel engine roared to life and country music blasted on a radio. I heard excited voices in english. More gunshots. We scrambled back to the other side of the hill. Once over the ridge, we scattered. Roberto and I cut to the right, following El Lobo and Smiley. 
A giant pickup with monster truck tires flew over the top of the hill, and skidded to a stop. Someone stood in the bed, working a spotlight. They shined it in our direction.
I pulled Roberto with me and we slid behind a thicket of shrubs. The light passed over our hiding spot. I held my breath. 
The light continued on, slowly sweeping to the east. 
I knew that Juan and Enrique, and the rest were hidden out there somewhere too, but I couldn’t see them. I hoped the man with the light couldn’t see them either. I hoped they had chosen their hiding spots well. 
Two four wheelers climbed the hill. They parked next to the truck and cut the engines. Two men got off each one. Their silhouettes showed that they were carrying hunting rifles. They fanned out, searching behind rocks and trees with big flashlights like the police use. 
Two of them walked right past where Roberto and I hid, but they didn’t see us. 
“I got one of them damn sand niggers,” one of the dark shapes said.
The other one spit a huge glob of tobacco on the ground. “Says you.”
“I’m telling you I shot one of them.”
“Don’t count till you got the body.”
“Well help me find him then.”
They walked on, shining their Maglites into the bushes. These guys weren’t Border Patrol— they were vigilantes.
One of the men from the other four-wheeler shouted from the other side of the hill. “Hey Henry! Over here! I got movement!”
The guy in the back of the truck whipped the spotlight around and zeroed in on two people running into the night. They were a half a kilometer away at least, and moving fast. It was Juan and Enrique. They had ditched their packs and were hauling ass across the valley, back the way we had come.  
The truck took off toward them, bumping across the rocky ground. The man who worked the spotlight fired shots into the air and hooted. The others ran back to their four wheelers and joined the chase, whooping and hollering all the way. 
As soon as the men were gone, Smiley and El Lobo came out and called us to them. Alfonso and Manuel stepped from behind a rock, and joined them. Roberto and I were next. Then, Guillerme crawled from behind a patch of cactus, picking the needles out of his shirt. 
“Where’s your gear?” Smiley said.
“I don’t know,” Guillerme said. “I dropped it.” 
“You better find it fast.” 
“But I don’t know where it is?”
Smiley smacked him in the head. “You find it or you stay here. You’re not coming with us without that pack.” He turned and started walking toward the canyon. “The rest of you come with me.” 
We followed him, while Guillerme stayed behind to look for his pack in the dark. I looked back and saw him, panic stricken, frantically searching the in scrub. My heart sank. I couldn’t just leave him here. I stopped.
“I’m going to help him,” I said.
Smiley looked at me. “What?”
“I’m going to help Guillerme. We willl find it sooner if I help.”
“Yeah, I’m going to help too,” Roberto said.
“Fine, but be quick about it.”
Smiley and the others ran toward the canyon, while Roberto and I ran toward Guillerme. We searched on the other side of the hill, where the men in the truck couldn’t see us and so we could use our headlamps. Roberto and I split up and we found the bag in no time.
“Thank you so much,” Guillerme said, as we helped him into his bag. “I would never have found it without you.”
“No problem,” I said. “Now let’s get the fuck out of here.”
We could hear the vigilantes laughing, and gunning their engines on the other side of the valley. 
We climbed back up the hill and ran along the ridge. We couldn’t see Smiley and the others, but we knew which way they went— into the empty blackness of the canyon.
In the valley below us, almost a kilometer away, we could see the lights of the vehicles as they circled Juan and Enrique like sharks toying with their prey before going in for the kill. The truck gunned the throttle. The man in the back kept the spotlight trained on Juan and Enrique. They were all far away and it was hard to see through all the dust, but it looked like Juan and Enrique had stopped running. They were surrendering. 
The vehicles stopped too. They had surrounded them and all their lights shined on the two frightened migrants. The dust settled. 
Roberto and Guillerme stopped running to watch. 
“We have to go,” I said shoving them forward. “Don’t stop. We can’t help them now.”
Reluctantly, they continued on, but we all continued to glance back as we went. 
I saw Juan hold up his hands, and Enrique doing the same. There was some sort of conversation. Enrique tried to run, and then little pricks of firelight flashed from truck to four-wheeler to truck to four-wheeler to four-wheeler to truck, like a bunch of Christmas lights gone haywire. Juan and Enrique dropped. A few seconds later we heard the crackling pops of the gunfire, delayed by the distance. It arrived to our ears hollow sharp and off beat like a snare drum— the drumbeat of death.
CHAPTER 23
The Shadow of Death

The migrant hunters kept looking for us for hours. From where we hid, behind the bushes and rocks on a slope near the mouth of a canyon passage, we could see them when they found Juan and Enrique’s packs. Smiley cursed as they fired their guns in the air and cheered.
Once they came close to spotting us. They shined their lights over the cliff face nearby, but they never saw us. They only gave up the search when it started raining. We waited them out, shivering in the cold rain, staying hidden until they drove off. 
“I thought deserts were supposed to be hot and dry,” I said.
“It is hot and dry here,” Smiley said. “This isn’t normal.”
“I wish it would go back to normal then.”
“Be careful what you wish for.”
Before the rain had stopped, Smiley climbed up the mountain. He wanted to see if the canyon we were entering was the passage to the other side of the mountains. I didn’t know what good he thought it would do looking in the dark, but I didn’t say anything. If he wanted to go running up and down mountains all night, it was fine with me, as long as we didn’t have to follow him.
He came back down half an hour later. 
“Is this it?” Lobo said.
“Yeah, it looks like it.” He spoke up and said to everyone, “Just a few hours and we should be on the other side. Let’s go. It’s this way.”
That was at least four hours ago. And in those four hours I had learned how stupid my wish was. Come morning it was granted. The sun rose above the hills and soaked up the moisture in the air in a matter of minutes. Today was going to be a scorcher. 
We were deep inside the canyon. This place seemed endless. It was a natural maze with walls shooting up three hundred meters on each side. We came to an opening where the walls had a more gradual slope, and smiley vectored in on it. Since the sun came up, he’d been crazy about finding a place where he could get a look at the land. My guess was that he was lost, and he wanted to use the sun as a way to get his bearings and see if we were on the right course. 
So two hours later when we found a slope that looked scalable, what do you think he had us do? That’s right, he told us to climb it so he could get a look around— genius!
“Órale,” Smiley said, “I know it’s hot, but we need to climb this little mountain. Once we are on top, I can see where we are. Then we will be good. It won’t take much longer.”
So we climbed the mountain. And when we got to the top, guess what we found? Turns out that mountain wasn’t so little after all. The fucking thing had another mountain growing out of the top of it. It was a false peak. So we had to climb again. We climbed and climbed. When we made it to the top, morning had already passed. Now the sun was directly overhead and cooking the shit out of us. 
Smiley let us rest while he looked around. We hit the waters hard. Some of the others were already running out. Guillerme had nothing left. He had lost one of his jugs when he dropped his pack last night, and the other he’d finished off a few hours ago. Alfonso and Manuel were down to drops. Roberto and I were the only ones that were still doing okay, but okay wasn’t really okay. We each had around half a jug and we were clinging to every last mililiter.
Every now and then, Guillerme would beg a sip, and I would fill the cap with water and give it to him. That was where things stood right now. Rationing out hot water in capfuls.
Drinking the water hot was like not drinking at all. It was like drinking steam or something. It didn’t help. Sometimes I thought it made things worse. Smiley and Lobo were running low too, but they still had more than the rest of us, and they weren’t sharing. 
Smiley stared at the mountains some more. He walked to the other side and stared out in the other direction. Then walked back and stared again. Then climbed a big rock and looked some more. After about ten minutes of staring into the distance, he came over to us.
“Okay, I found the passage. We have to go down into that ravine and it’ll spit us out into the second desert. Once we are across there we’ll be alright. We’re only a few hours away.”
Guillerme started crying when he heard the news. Out of exhaustion or despair, I didn’t know. But I could tell he didn’t believe Smiley.
We all knew better than to believe his estimates by now. Smiley had been telling us everything was only a few hours away since we started. We should have been on our way to San Antonio already. As it was, we were dangerously low on water and trapped inside the convection oven that was South Texas. Then again, if he actually had found the passage we’d be fine, and it wouldn’t be so hot in the ravine. 
Smiley pointed to a hill in the distance. “The highway is right over that hill. We were supposed to cut through over there. But that’s where those men in the trucks went so we’re going this way.” He turned back to us. “Let’s rest here a while and recoup our energy. We’ll leave at nightfall, when it’s not so hot.” He smiled at Guillerme, and patted him on the shoulder. “Just a few more miles. Hang in there, okay?”
Guillerme nodded and wiped his tears away.
I couldn’t believe it. Smiley, had actually smiled. A real smile and it was nice. Maybe everything we had gone through the past few days had made him more compassionate. He seemed to be thinking about our wellbeing for once. That was a good sign.
It was going to be a long time until dark though, so we settled in, looking for any scrap of shade we could find. I picked a spot under a dry and dying mesquite and kicked off my shoes to air out my feet. 
On this part of the trip, shoes were almost as important as food and water. You can’t make it very far into the hot desert on bad shoes, and the ones I had before were worn so thin that if I stepped on a coin I could probably tell you the year it was minted. I was thankful for El Jefe’s shoes, but new shoes need to be broken in. These hadn’t been, and they were wearing blisters on my feet. 
I carefully tended to the blisters, lancing the bubbled skin with a spine from a cactus and draining the fluid. Then I left my feet exposed to dry them out. Something small like a blister can become a big problem out here. It’s the little things that you don’t think twice about in normal circumstances that can become deadly in the desert. You had to be careful.
The others passed the time talking, but I didn’t feel like joining them. I just wanted to rest. I tried to catch a nap, but I awoke to the feeling of something crawling across my neck. I flicked whatever it was away.
When I looked down, I saw one of those killer yellow scorpions scurrying into a crevice in the tunk of the tree. I didn’t get any sleep after that, not that I was really sleeping before that anyway. It was too hot for real sleep. 
The heat was bad enough to make your insides hurt. It made your organs cramp and your bones ache. As the day wore on, we constantly had to shift in the shadows as the sun crawled ever westward, hunting for us, trying to burn our exposed skin. 
We waited for nightfall with the anticipation of a virgin on her big night. And like a virgin’s first time, it had come quicker than expected, and didn’t provide the satisfaction it had promised. 
The heat simply wouldn’t go away. It was like the rocks had sucked in all that radiated heat during the long day and now they were breathing it on us in the dark.
“Look there,” Smiley said, “See? I told you. That bright spot in the sky, on the other side of the hills. That is where we are going.” He scratched his neck. “We’re close. So close.”  
No one said anything. 
We agreed to wait till ten. But when it hadn’t cooled off by nine we decided to wait till eleven. Then midnight. The hours passed slowly and the heat didn’t abate. 
Around two in the morning, Smiley told us to get our things. 
“It’s not going to get any cooler than this,” he said. “We’re just wasting time here. Get your bags and let’s go.”
We stumbled back to our packs and geared up. 

The rest of that night was a hazy fog of cuts and scrapes and screaming muscles. We went down the mountain and up another, but the other one was too steep and we were too weak. We fell back. 
We tried a little farther down from a different spot and the same thing happened. Smiley pushed us at a hard pace but we couldn’t get out of the mountains. 
These fucking mountains! This place was a God damn maze. A maze that cuts and slashes at whoever is stupid enough to enter it. Stupid men like Smiley, and all of us who were stupid enough to follow him. 
We had been walking deeper and deeper into this barren hellscape for two days now, following a man who’s knowledge of the desert extends to landmarks with coyote names like ‘the sandy spot,’ ‘the first desert,’ and ‘the big rock.’ 
But the man marched with purpose. You had to give him that much. El Lobo must have got that ‘always look like you’re going somewhere’ line from Smiley, because he sure as hell acted like he knew what was up. And every few hours he would remind us. 
“Don’t worry,” he’d say, “everything is under control. I know this desert like the back of my hand. The pick up spot is only a few hours away.” 
A few hours later, he would say the same thing. 
I doubted he knew where we were any better than I did. We were off his normal route. He didn’t have any of his signposts to go by anymore. But did he stop to pull out a compass or look at a map? Of course not. What kind of self-respecting coyote would enter a desert with a map? Maps were for pendejos. Who needs that when you can just look for the big fucking rock!  
Oh my god. I shouldn’t be here. What was I doing? This wasn’t me. This wasn’t me. I’m not a narco. I’m not a drug mule. I don’t do this shit. 
Only I was, because I am. I knew it and everyone else did too, even if they wanted to dance around the subject. We all knew what was in those black plastic bags, taped perfectly in book sized kilograms— cocaine. Fucking cocaine! 
What was I doing? What happened to my rules? I should have followed the rules. I wouldn’t be here if I had just followed the damn rules. 
It was so hot. Why was it still so fucking hot? It had to be like five in the morning by now. When was it going to start cooling off? You didn’t even need to touch the rocks in this damn ravine to feel the heat spitting off them. And there was no air in here. I couldn’t take much more of this.
I’m tired. I don’t want to walk anymore. Can’t we stop? Oh, God please don’t make me climb again. Fucking hell. We’re climbing. My legs are going to fall off. 
When is this passage going to end? Like really, where the fuck are we right now! 
I just want to get out of here. I want to go home. Can’t we just go home? Can’t we? 
Where the FUCK is the second desert!
CHAPTER 24
Unmasked

We marched on for hours, following the flow of the land down, and down and down. 
The few times Smiley tried to order us to climb something, we laughed in his face. There would be no more climbing. We were done with that. 
The hillsides disappeared behind the walls of the ravine. We crunched across a dry riverbed. Where was all the water? Where was the river? We needed the river! There was nothing but dirt and walls. All walls. We were closed in. Was there no way out of this maze?
Time passed. We grew weaker, and more desperate. Alfonso and Manuel ran out of water. They let the empty jugs fall from their tired hands. The plastic thunked, hollowly against the ground. I wanted to pick them up. We might need them later. But, I was too weak to bend over, and too afraid I wouldn’t be able to stand again if I tried.  
We walked on for hours, following the nameless riverbed through the nameless canyon.  
Where were we? Where was ‘the big rock’ when you needed it? The darkness lifted and I barely noticed. The air started heating up. Birds and bugs sang. We didn’t stop walking. 
Time passed. We grew weaker and more desperate. And it got hotter, much hotter. The bugs and birds stopped singing. I wondered if they had cooked to death. Everything had heatwaves squiggling off it—  rocks, sand; people. Maybe I was cooking to death.
El Lobo ran out of water. He was panting and thirsty. He begged me and Roberto for a sip. We didn’t have any to spare. 
We stumbled on for hours, following… following what? 
I didn’t know anymore. I just went forward.  
Time passed. We grew weaker and more desperate. We were falling apart. 
My breath was ragged and weak. My legs shook with each step. I could barely move, but I did anyway. I don’t know why. I just did it. We all did. 
The blisters that I’d dried yesterday were back and stinging my feet, making me walk with a kind of stutter. Guillerme was sick. He kept saying he wanted to lay down somewhere, but Roberto and I forced him to keep walking. I don’t know why. It didn’t really matter anymore. We all knew where this was going to end. 
Manuel was slipping too. Alfonso helped him along, telling him stories about their home in Veracruz. Telling him about the women, the sea, the forest, the rain. I listened to the stories with longing. What I would give for another hour of rain!
Roberto and I still had the most water of anyone except for Smiley, but it wasn’t more than a few mouthfuls. The sun had turned the rocky landscape into a barbecue pit. We didn’t stop walking, of course not. We walked by a gila monster basking on a rock. It watched us pass with indifference. He knew where this was going to end, too. I could tell he knew.
We walked.
The more we walked the more angry I got. Why the fuck was I still following this asshole? Why was I carrying this heavy fucking pack? Okay, he has a gun, but we have like five people versus two, and I bet we could get Lobo on our side. 
“Why don’t you just admit it?” I said. “We’re lost.”
“We’re not lost,” Smiley said harshly.
“Really? Then why don’t you tell us where we are?”
He stopped walking and got in my face. “I know exactly where we are. We’re not lost.”
“Okay, where are we?”
He put his hands on his hips and looked away. “Between the first and second desert.”
“But where is that? How much farther till we get to this mythical second desert of yours?”
“Not far. A few more hours.”
“Oh right!” Roberto said, “You’ve been saying that to us for days. When are we really going to get there?”
“Soon,” he said, and started walking again. “It’s just over there.”
We walked. What choice was there? We couldn’t turn back now. So we walked.
Buzzards started circling high above us. Their shadows danced along the walls of the cliffs. They knew where this was going to end. They weren’t in a hurry. They could wait. They had time.
We walked.
The sun was directly overhead, the cliff walls and sandy earth reflected its white hot heat back on us. We were cooking. I was sure of it now. We were cooking to death. The buzzards circled closer.
We no longer walked as a group. We stumbled forward in scraggly lines. Smiley was in front. Roberto and I followed about twenty meters behind him. Guillerme had dropped back. I had given up on helping him. He was done. It wouldn’t be long now. Alfonso and Manuel were another thirty meters or so behind Guillerme. Manuel was going to go soon too. El Lobo took up the rear. He was supposed to make sure he didn’t lose them, but he wasn’t looking so good either.   
We were thirsty. We were dizzy. We were exhausted. We were dying.
We zigzagged our way through the canyon. I wanted to stop and rest, but I knew I couldn’t. None of us could. If we stopped we would die. There was no way we would have the energy to start up again. We were just coasting in neutral right now. We were out of gas. 
When it became apparent that the course we were on was going to terminate in a dead end, we entered into another arroyo, a steep-sided gulch, that fed into this one. Of course it was dry.
“This is it!” Smiley said, and started walking faster. “I’ve found the way to the second desert!” He started running. “We’re saved! This way!”
We followed him deeper into the arroyo, stumbling forward as quick as we could; gaining new reserves of energy from the hope of finding the way out. We were going to make it after all! 
My heart grew lighter. We were close! Soon we’d be in a car with A/C, eating burritos and drinking cold water. Water! We were going to get water! 
We chased Smiley around the corner, and slowly we all staggered to a stop. Smiley turned back to us, his face no longer held the calm surety that had masked it until now. His eyes burned with wild panic. Behind him, stood a sheer wall of solid rock a hundred meters high.
The buzzards swooped onto perches in the cliff face. They looked down at us with their beady black eyes— watching, waiting. They had time. They knew that this is where it was going to end.
CHAPTER 25
Deserted

That was it. We were fucked.
I couldn’t believe that after all that I had gone through; I was going to die out here with these assholes. 
Manuel walked past me. I don’t think he knew what was happening. I don’t think he knew where he was anymore, or even who he was anymore. Alfonso redirected him to sit in the shade of a wall. I wanted to go to the shade, but I was too tired, and there really was no point. We would die soon. The shade wouldn’t help much. 
Guillerme fell to the ground a few meters away from me, his leg bent in an awkward angle. He didn’t seem to notice it. He was talking to himself. 
“What are we going to do now?” Roberto asked.
“Die,” I said, and I let my pack slip free from my shoulders. I collapsed into the gritty sand. I didn’t have any strength anymore. “Just die.”
El Lobo stumbled up behind us. “Oh God. Oh God.”
“No,” Roberto said. “It’s not possible.” He walked over to Smiley. “You said this was the way. You said!”
“Shut up!” Smiley said. “I’m trying to think.” He was pacing back and forth. He pulled at his hair and screamed. “Ah! Fuck!” 
Roberto stepped away.
Smiley stopped and looked up at the sky. He smiled, and with deranged eyes he said, “Wait! I know what to do. We just need to climb. That’s it! Climb! Ha ha! Yes, we will just climb over.”
No one moved. We just looked at him with our tired-eyed stares. This was it. It was over. Our guide had lost his mind. We were completely and entirely one hundred percent fucked now. I laid back on my pack and closed my eyes. I was suddenly very sleepy.
“Okay, okay, I get it. You guys are too tired.” Smiley said. “Fine. No problem. I’ll go. Yeah, yeah. I’ll go. I’ll get the van.” He clapped his hands together. “Yes! That’s what I’ll do. I’ll get the van and come back to get all of you later. You guys just stay put.”
“I’ll come with you!” El Lobo said.
“No that’s fine, you can stay here. I’ll come back in a few hours. Don’t worry, just a few more hours and I’ll be back.”
“No, I can help. I’ll come too.”
Smiley ignored him. “I’ll need money to buy you all water.” He looked at me and Roberto then. “Water.” He walked over to us, wearing that Cheshire grin. Now I knew where his name came from. “I’m going to need that water,” he said, and reached out for Roberto’s near empty jug. 
“The hell you do!” Roberto said, pulling away. “You have your own.”
“It won’t be enough.” He snatched at it. “Give it to me!”
“Get off me.” Roberto shoved him away.
Smiley fell to the ground. He got up slowly. “Give. It. To. Me!” The last word came out like a pig squeal. He rushed Roberto.
They fell in a heap. Roberto’s pack burst open, and the black books of cocaine poured out. They rolled around flinging up clouds of sandy yellow dust that mixed with white powdery dust that mixed with sandy yellow dust. Roberto was on top, then Smiley, then Roberto. Roberto punched Smiley in the face. Smiley choked him. Roberto choked him back. Smiley waved his gun. Roberto grabbed the gun; they fought for the upper hand. Smiley got on top and shoved his arm into Roberto’s chest. 
Roberto’s eyes went wide and he shook his head. “No-no-no-no-no.”
I heard the pop-pop of gun fire but I was so exhausted it didn’t fully register what was happening. I watched Smiley step away from Roberto’s limp body with blood on his arm. I watched him take the last bit of water, and dig through Roberto’s pockets. He took two books of cocaine from Roberto’s pack and put it in his backpack. He zipped the bag up, smiling all the while.
I watched him walk over to Alfonso and point the gun in his face. I watched him shout something, but I couldn’t hear the words. I couldn’t hear anything. I watched Alfonso give him something. Money. He gave him money. Smiley dug through Manuel’s pockets, then Guillerme’s. 
I watched him stand over me, speaking silent words. I think he was shouting something at me. He looked angry. What did I do? He shook the gun in my face, and rifled through my pockets. Then he pushed me aside and took my water bottle. The water bottle. Water. Water!
“Wait,” I said. “Please don’t. Not my water.” At least that was what I tried to say, but I don’t think any sound came out. My tongue was fat and my throat dry, and there was a painful whooshing sound in my ears.
I watched him say something else to me, and shove me back. He walked off. Lobo followed. Smiley pushed him away, and kept marching. 
El Lobo stood there a moment. He looked around, and ran over to Roberto’s body. He grabbed one of the books of cocaine. It had ripped open on the rocks and bright white powder spilled into the air when El Lobo picked it up. He dipped his pinky in and scooped out a tiny mound. He put it to his nose and snorted. The powder disappeared. He wiped his nose, and looked in the direction Smiley had gone. Then he ran off.  
I let my head fall back as I watched El Lobo chase after Smiley. He carried his little black package tightly under his arm and waved and shouted, like a studious school boy holding onto his books as he chased after the bus. Smiley either didn’t hear or didn’t listen. He just kept marching.
I was too tired to watch anymore. The colors were fading. I was fading. I closed my eyes and welcomed the blackness.
CHAPTER 26
Cracked

When I woke up the world was moving. No wait, I was moving. I was sliding across the ground, being pulled across the rocky earth. I looked up and saw Alfonso dragging me by the armpits. He kept going until we got in the shade, where he propped me against the rock wall.
“Raul!” he said. “Can you hear me?”
Of course I could hear him. 
“Can you hear me?”
I just told you I could hear you. Didn’t I?
“Raul wake up. You can’t sleep. You’ll die if you sleep.”
“But I’m so tired.”
“I know, but you can’t. You have to wake up.” He kept shaking me. “Wake up amigo. Wake up. Wake up. Wake up.” 
I opened my eyes. “Fine. I’m awake. You can stop shaking me now.” 
Alfonso left me to go tend to Manuel, who was moaning and tearing at his clothes. Manuel’s face was pale. Alfonso touched his head and recoiled. 
“My God, you’ve gone cold.” He tried to hug him, but his cousin screamed and fought him off. 
Guillerme wasn’t doing any better. He still sat in the sun with his leg bent all funny underneath him. He looked like he was tripping on acid, unfocused eyes peeled back, talking to himself. He smiled and ranted like a drunk about the beauty of the lights. He seemed to think he was in Times Square.
Roberto lay in the center of the long dead riverbed. He was lying face up, balanced on his hiking pack like an injured turtle. Patches of white powder coated his body. A dark red stain glistened on his chest. 
Now it finally registered in my brain. He was dead. All that shit I had seen really happened. Smiley killed him. He was dead. It was real. 
I left Alfonso to deal with his screaming cousin, and crawled over to Roberto. His face was twisted up in pain; his hand clutched to his chest. It must have hurt.
I felt like I should feel something right now, but I didn’t. Shouldn’t I be upset? Shouldn’t I be crying?  
I thought about the things he had told me, trying to make myself feel something. I thought about how sad it was that he would never be able to move his family out of the slums. I thought about how they would never even know what happened to him. No one would. I thought about the first time I met him, and how nice he had been, about how he had given me the food cards. 
God damn it! Why can’t I feel anything? What was wrong with me? 
I’m sorry Roberto. I am so sorry. I want to feel bad, but I just can’t. I’m trying but I can’t.
I didn’t know what was happening to me. It was like I had seen too much, suffered too much. I guess when you spend enough time with the dead and dying, life’s value gets diminished or something. Like it gets reduced. Our existence is so damn fragile— a light switch, on one minute, off the next. I wish I could flip Roberto’s switch back on, but it didn’t work that way. The fuse had burned out.
Manuel screamed and shoved Alfonso away from him. Once he was free, he started running around in circles and stripping off his clothes. Alfonso followed behind him, picking them up, trying to calm him down. I didn’t know where Manuel had found the energy for all that running. I could use some of that energy. 
The desert was so cruel. It sapped your energy, your hope, and dangled it in front of you as you suffer through the heat. Then, when you finally got it back, you find out it was a trick. It was just the desert toying with you so it could take more pleasure in your writhing demise. 
This place had already claimed three lives out of the seven we started with. It was only a matter of time until it took the rest of us. It had already sunk it’s claws deep into Manuel and Guillerme. 
We had been so naive when we entered this place. We had pulled into the gas station full of high hopes. Only five hours and we’ll be across. We’d even bought sodas to celebrate, thinking they’d still be cold when we got to…
Oh shit! I forgot all about the cokes. We never drank those. 
I flipped Roberto over and went through his pack, throwing the books of cocaine into the sand behind me. They had to be in here, they had to be. 
Manuel streaked past me, buck naked and shouting. Alfonso chased him. Manuel dove on his knees onto the hot rocky earth and started shoveling sand into his mouth. Alfonso tried to wrangle him in. 
Sorry Alfonso, you have to deal with that alone. I’m too busy with important shit to be bothered with lost causes. 
I threw out more and more cocaine, but couldn’t get the books out fast enough. Where were the damn cokes? Where!
I pulled Roberto out of his shoulder straps and threw his body to the side. 
“Sorry,” I said. “You understand.”
I upended his pack and all of the black books spilled onto the earth. I stared at the pile of drugs. I had more coke than I knew what to do with, but it was the wrong kind. 
 It can’t be. Did he drink them without telling me? 
I gave the empty bag a hard shake and felt something give. Two black and red coke bottles plopped into the pile and rolled onto my feet.
I dropped to the ground and scooped one of them up. Tears stung my eyes. Oh, now you cry. Nice, Raul. I wiped the tears away. I was so anxious, my hands were shaking, but I still got ahold of the white cap and gave it a sharp twist. The bottle let loose a wonderful hiss, and I felt an enormous sense of relief fly from my chest.
I ripped the top off, and the brown fizz spilled onto my hand. I slurped it up, and chugged the whole bottle. It was hot but it tasted like heaven. When I finished, I licked every drop from my arm, and the bottle too. 
Then I reached for the second bottle, opened it, and started drinking. I had already downed half of it, when I noticed that Guillerme was staring at me. The crazed LSD glaze had disappeared from his eyes. He was seeing me, judging me. 
I stopped drinking and meekly recapped the bottle. I looked over to my left where Alfonso crouched over his cousin’s limp body, crying. 
I felt terrible. I was going to drink all of it. If I hadn’t felt Guillerme’s glare I would have drank it all. I quickly put the empty bottle back in the bag and threw some of the cocaine on top of it, making sure to not meet Guillerme’s eye. Then I picked up the half full bottle of coke.
“Alfonso!” I said, running over to him. “We’re saved! Look what I found!”
Alfonso looked up at me like he had no clue who I was. “He thought it was water,” he said absently. “He thought the sand was water.”
I looked down at Manuel’s naked corpse. It looked normal except for his eyes. The whites had turned pink and the irises had blood in them— heat death. So that was what it looked like to cook to death. 
I looked away, and handed Alfonso the coke.
“Here,” I said. “Drink this. I saved half of it for you.” I glanced over at Guillerme to see if he had heard the lie. He was still staring right at me. He didn’t speak but he was still staring, judging.
Alfonso absently took the bottle. When he drank, he seemed to snap out of his trance. He drank a few gulps and stopped himself. He offered the bottle back to me.
I felt a pang in my chest. I was such an asshole. “No,” I said. “Please, it’s for you.”
He drank the rest, and I helped him to his feet. He stood there staring at his cousin’s body.
“He’s dead,” he said.
“I know,” I said. “I’ll give you a minute.”
He nodded.
I walked back to my bag, to look for the two cans of tuna I had bought when Roberto bought the cokes. I still had them in there somewhere too. 
I knew I shouldn’t eat the tuna. Smiley had told us not to eat while we were dehydrated, and stopped giving us food a couple days ago. He said it was something about the juices in your stomach using up liquid to digest the food. I don’t know, but it made sense. He said people can go weeks without food. It’s water that is the problem. 
So I knew I couldn’t eat the tuna, but they stored that stuff in water. If I could figure out a way to get it open, I could get a lot of nutrient rich fluids out of it. It might be enough to keep us alive. We might make it out of here after all. 
I dug in the pack and found the two cans. Now I just had to figure out how to open them. I tried some rocks at first but they weren’t sharp enough, and I was afraid of smashing the can and spilling the water. I didn’t want to waste a single drop. I would need something pointy. I looked on my pack for something I could use. 
The zipper handle? No, that wouldn’t work. The Carabiner? Perfect!
I got the carabiner and opened it so the pointy steel rested on the top of the tuna and I found a heavy rock to hit it with. I was already making some pretty good dents when Alfonso walked by.
“Hey, look at this!” I said. “If I can get this open I should be able to get a little water out of it.”
“Good for you.”
“Good for us.”
Alfonso didn’t reply. He just kept walking.
“Where are you going?”
“Home.”
“Home? What, like in Mexico?”
He didn’t answer. 
“Wait a second. Don’t you want some water first?”
He kept walking. 
I sat down my tools and started after him. “Alfonso, wait up! Jesus, wait a second will you?” He didn’t stop walking when I caught up to him, so I walked beside him.
“Raul, you’re a good man.”
I couldn’t look him in the eye when he said that and I looked away. “Look Alfonso, I’m sorry about your cousin, but if you just wait for a few more minutes I can get some water out of those cans and—”
He stopped walking and put his hand on my shoulder. “Thank you, but no. I’m going home. There is nothing for me here. El norte isn’t worth all this.”
“But we have a better chance if we stick together.”
“I agree, but I am going south and you are still going north. Right?”
“Yes, but—”
“Okay then.” He started walking.
“You won’t make it out there.”
“I’ll either make it or I won’t. You have given me a fighting chance at least, and I thank you for that.”
“But the water…”
“Good bye Raul,” he said and walked off.
I watched him leave. “Good luck,” I said, but it wasn’t loud enough for him to hear.
I was alone. I was completely alone now, with nowhere to go. Where was I going to go? I considered running after him, but I decided against it. 
I would have to find a way out.There were footprints in the sand, two sets of footprints, leading away from Alfonso. I followed them a little while, to where they went up a slope in the ravine. 
I looked up. It was steep, but without that pack it wouldn’t be so bad. I think I could make it. If El Lobo had made it up, I could. I would have to. What other option did I have now?
I looked up at the sky. I would need to get moving soon, there wouldn’t be much daylight left, and I doubted I could follow their tracks at night. 
I walked back to get my tuna cans, and see if there might be anything else I could salvage. When I walked past Guillerme, he grabbed ahold of my arm. He looked up at me and spit out fiery gibberish. His eyes were bloody and pink, like Manuel’s had been. 
His hand burned my arm, and I clawed myself free. I backed away from him.  
What the fuck was that?
I tried to relax my racing heart by slowing my breathing, but he shouted at me in tongues and tore at his clothes. He looked like a person possessed by the devil or something, and it was freaking me the fuck out.
I hurried off to check Manuel’s and Roberto’s bodies for anything useful. Both were already covered in vultures though, so I abandoned that idea and opted to check Alfonso’s and Manuel’s bags for anything I might be able to use. 
I took Manuel’s headlamp, in case the batteries on mine ran out, but found nothing else worth taking. I thought about taking an empty backpack but what for? I didn’t have anything to carry. I left the bags behind.
I went over to my tuna opening station. Guillerme was rolling his head in circles and moaning. I turned away from him and started chipping away at the can again, but I couldn’t focus with Guillerme moaning like that. My hands were shaking. After I missed the top of the carabiner a few times, I started humming to try and drown out his wailing.
Hmm hm. Tink. Hum hmmm hm. Tink. Humm Hm.
He got louder, and so did I.
Hmm hum mmm hum! Tink-Tink. Hum hum! Tink-Tink-Thunk. Hum hum huh huh huh! Thunk-Thunk-Thunk-THUNK-THUNK!
He let out a horrible shriek that made me jump. I dropped my rock, and spun around. 
Guillerme was staring right at me with his bloody eyes, judging me. His shirt was ripped open. He pointed a finger at me and started laughing. His haunting laughter echoed off the walls, and surrounded me.
I covered my ears and screamed over his laughter, but it didn’t help. That demon spawn already had me on edge, but this sent me over it. His burning laughs melted holes in my skull, boiling my brain until my head felt like it would explode from the pressure. 
I couldn’t stay here one more second. I scooped up my cans and the carabiner and stuffed them in my pockets. Then I ran the fuck out of there with my hands over my ears, leaving his manic laughter ricocheting off the rocks behind me. 
CHAPTER 27
Old Friends

I ran all the way to the path Smiley and El Lobo had used and started climbing. It took me a lot longer than I had expected to get out of the arroyo. The path was so steep that I had to climb with my hands as well, like I was going up a ladder. 
What little energy I had gained from the cokes had drained away before I was a quarter of the way up. From there on out, I was climbing in short bursts followed by long rests. It was exhausting. The higher I got, the shorter the bursts of climbing became and the longer the periods of rest became, but the process was working. It probably took me the better part of an hour to rinse and repeat my way to the top. Not very fast, but still effective.
Once on top, I located a large rock and used it to finish opening the tuna cans. I lifted the cans and guzzled the grey water that poured out of the little hole I’d made. The flow reduced to a drizzle, then a drip. When the last drops were gone, I put the warm metal to my mouth and sucked out what moisture remained before tossing the cans away. 
The water tasted like crap but I didn’t care. I just wished I’d drunk the tuna water first and the cokes second, because the after taste was pretty nasty. But that was the least of my worries right now. 
After my celebratory drinks, I got back to work following Smiley and Lobo’s tracks, which also turned out to be a lot harder than I thought. The earth up here was different than in the dry riverbed below. Down there it was sandy, and footprints were easy to see. Up here it was more like dry rock, which didn’t show the signs of passing footprints as easily. I had to stop often to make sure I was going the right way, looking for scuff marks where one of them stumbled or dragged their feet. Also not very fast, but it still seemed to be effective.

I walked on. 
It was easier to walk on the rocky ground, and not having the pack helped, but it was the hottest day so far, and this was the most I had walked in the direct sunlight since we started. It siphoned all the juice right out of me. After a while I was panting, and dragging my feet. 
It became much harder to focus.Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea. Maybe I should have gone with Alfonso after all. Oh well, it was too late for that now. I made my choice, now I would see it through. 
I dragged on. 
The heat played tricks on your eyes out here. The heatwaves shimmered in the sand like water. There was an ocean on the horizon. I was sure of it. Only there wasn’t. Only maybe there was. Wasn’t there?
The sun was kicking my ass, and from the looks of the marks in the ground it was kicking Smiley’s and Lobo’s too, because the scrapes and gouges they left behind had become more frequent. They were stumbling. 
I passed a dying saguaro, its edges tinged brown from dryness. God I hate it here. Even green was brown in this place. My feet crunched on the sun-bleached skull of some tiny desert creature. Sorry little fella. No disrespect.  
That would be me soon. I’ve come to the realization that I’m probably going to die here. In this place. In this fucking shitty place. But you know what? If this desert is going to kill me, I am going to make it work for it, God damn it.
I staggered on.
I wasn’t even looking for signs anymore. I just struggled forward— not always in a straight line, sometimes I drifted and had to correct course, but it was always forward.
Left. Right. Left. Right. Left.
Did they go this way? Did one of them make that line in the dirt or was that from a sidewinder? Who knew? Who cared? Did it really matter? 
Hot wind blasted sand in my face. My eyes stung. I covered them. 
Left. Right. Left. 
I walked through a line of white powder. That was strange.
Right. Left.
A bigger patch of powder. 
Right.
I stopped next to a black plastic bag wrapped in packaging tape. The bag had a hole in it. It sat in a pile of white dust— El Lobo’s book of coke.
I looked around. Something moved over to my right, something black. Lots of somethings. I started walking again. 
The numbness in my legs had disappeared. Now my muscles ached and burned. Why did I stop? Oh God, that was so stupid. I should have never stopped. Why did I have to stop?
I looked up. I had veered off course. I shifted back to the right, and zeroed in on the black things. Crows I think. That meant there was something dead over there, maybe Smiley or Lobo. I walked closer. No, not crows— vultures. 
I sobered up a little. A few steps closer. I saw legs. A person. I got closer. It was Lobo. Those were his pants. His pack was lying on the ground next to him, unzipped and flaccid. Maybe he had some water in there! 
I tried to run, but I couldn’t manage more than a slightly faster shuffle. The five turkey vultures gorging themselves on El Lobo’s body didn’t seem to be afraid of me. I got close, and they still didn’t fly away. It wasn’t until I was practically on top of them that they moved. Even then, they didn’t fly. They just hopped off the corpse and moved a few meters away, where they watched me with those evil black eyes. They were measuring me. I’m sure they gauged my threat level as low, and potential food level as high. I wasn’t ripe enough for them yet, but they could wait. They knew it wouldn’t be long. 
El Lobo was lying face down, his shirt was torn to shreds and the flesh on his back had been ripped open by the birds. I walked passed him and straight to the pack on the ground. 
Shit. Empty. I tossed the pack aside, and flipped Lobo’s body over. He had two holes in his chest. I guess the birds hadn’t been the only ones responsible for the holes in his back. Those were exit wounds. He had been shot.
I looked at his face. That stupid lock of hair fell across one of his lifeless eyes. His eyes were red. I looked around for signs of Smiley’s footprints and saw a broken cholla cactus. 
There were bits of fabric from Smiley’s backpack caught in the barbs, and an entire section that was naked of spines. Smiley must have fallen into the cactus. The ground showed signs of a struggle and streaks of dried blood. 
I looked back at Lobo’s body. Or maybe they fought. Maybe Lobo pushed him, and got shot for it.
Whatever happened, it was bad news for Smiley. He wouldn’t make it out here in this heat all injured like that. I got up and continued on.
The turkey buzzards hopped toward the body as soon as I started moving away from it.  
The good news was that Smiley’s trail was easier to follow now that he had a limp. The bad news was, if he was hurt, and I didn’t find him before he died, I would die too. He was the only one that knew the way out of here. 
I shuffled on.
The sun lowered in the sky, but the heat didn’t recede one bit. I think it was actually getting hotter. My lefts and rights were becoming muddled into one continuous sliding motion, like a Michael Jackson moonwalk in reverse. 
I didn’t feel anything anymore. I didn’t feel my body. Was I the one making my body move? Was this me? I was like a robot on autopilot. 
Where was I going? Wasn’t I supposed to be following a trail somewhere? There was still a trail right? Where was it? I couldn’t tell. It was hard to see. I kept walking. Wait, what was I supposed to be doing again?
The edges of my vision blurred. I had vertigo, only I wasn’t up high. Or maybe I was. Who knew? 
I staggered to the right, then back to the left, then to the right. Why was it so hard to stand up straight? The horizon tilted one way then the other. The desert was a giant see-saw. Maybe I was drunk. Can tuna juice make you drunk? God, what I would do for a cold beer right now!
I stopped looking at the horizon and just focused on the ground a few meters in front of me. I got dizzier. I felt hot breath on my skin, and swatted at my neck. A few seconds later I felt it again.
“Stop breathing on me!”
Fuck! Who said that? I looked around. No one there. Just me. I could have sworn I heard someone.
More hot breath on the back of my neck. Mother Fucker! I swatted myself.
“Stop it!”  
Who the fuck kept doing that? Carlos? Was that you? Stop it already. I’m not in the mood.
My feet were on fire. I was walking on lava! Uncle Hector help— the lava! It’s melting my shoes! 
A loud clap of thunder sounded, and I looked up. The sky was clear. There were no clouds but it was thundering. This desert was crazy. Another clap of thunder and the ground near my feet spit dust in my face. It was raining dirt. God I hate this place. Even the rain is dry.
Another thunder clap, and something whizzed by the left side of my face. What was that? A bee? I swatted at it. I hope it wasn’t a bee. I’m allergic. Another clap. Another bee. Oh no! Killer bees!
I looked up, and saw something moving under the sparse shade of a scraggly mesquite. I walked toward it, squinting against the sun. It looked like a man. And I think he was pointing something at me. I stopped walking and held my hand over my eyes to shield them from the sun.
A flash of light, a thunder clap, and a bee. 
Holy shit! Those weren’t bees— they were bullets! That was Smiley slumped against the tree trunk, and the son of a bitch was shooting at me.
The pistol’s kick threw his arm back. He struggled to lift his arm again and point the gun at me. 
“Smiley what are you doing?” I said. “Smiley, put the gun down.” 
His arm shook from the effort of trying to hold the gun steady. He fired. The bullet smacked into the dirt a few meters behind me. 
“Shit!” I said, jumping away from the bullet. “What the hell man! Stop it!”
Smileys arm flew back limply and he started to raise the gun again. He pointed the gun at me, using both hands this time to hold it steady.
I looked around for somewhere to hide. There was nothing. I wanted to run away, but where to? So I just threw my hands up in surrender and closed my eyes. 
He pulled the trigger. It clicked. 
I squinted a peek. 
He pulled it again. It clicked again. No more bullets.
This was my chance. I rushed him. And by rushed him, I mean I staggered slowly toward him. When I got close, I saw that his entire right side was bleeding and covered in cholla barbs. And in his lap sat his ripped backpack, which was also covered in barbs. Empty Gatorade bottles littered the ground next to him. 
Now I understood why he was shooting at me. He thought I wanted to rob him. To take his pack, or more importantly take what was in it... and he was right. 
Energy I didn’t know I had surged through me and I ran at him. 
“Fuck off,” he said, and threw his gun at me. 
I knocked it away. He clutched his bag to his chest. I grabbed hold of one of the shoulder straps and pulled with all my weight. 
“No!” he said. 
Cholla barbs dug into the flesh on my hand but it didn’t slow me at all. I knew what was in that bag— salvation.
I dragged him away from the tree and into the sun. His grip started to loosen. 
“Stop! We can share. We’ll share. Stop! Stop!”
I shook the bag violently and wrestled it free. 
“No!” 
I stomped on his face. “Shut up!”
I sat in the shade of the tree and went through the contents of the bag. There were still two Gatorades left and three cans of Vienna sausages. 
Jackpot! I did it! I was saved!
“Ha ha!” I said, holding one of the Gatorades. “This is mine now bitch.” I opened it and drank the whole thing right in front of him. Then threw the bottle in his face. “You see that?” I said, pointing at the buzzards that were circling overhead. “The only way you are going to keep from being their dinner is if I help you. And the only way I am going to help you is if you help me first.”
“What do you want?
“Tell me how to get out of here.”
“And you will help me leave?”
“Yes.”
He looked at me sideways. “You swear?”
“Sure.”
“Okay,” he said reluctantly. He sat up. “Look behind you. That’s the second desert.”
I stood and looked out. I hadn’t noticed when I was walking but I had been going slightly uphill since I found Lobo’s body. We were on the peak of a hill that sloped down into a dry lakebed— the second desert.
“Okay, how do I get out of there?”
“Look to your right, between the hills. Can you see the highway?”
“Holy shit! Yeah, I can.”
A sliver of grey sliced between the dry brown mountains. It was a road, and it wasn’t so far. I could see little flecks of reflected light bouncing off the windshields of the cars as they drove toward the sun. I followed the line of the road to my left, and could just make out what looked like a cluster of rooftops in the long shadow on the other side of a hill.
“What are those buildings over there? Is that a town?”
“Yes! That’s where the pick up spot is! See, I told you we were close. I was just turned around, that’s all. We really were only a few hours away!”
“Shut up!” I said and I kicked him. “Your mistake killed my friends.”
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry.”
I looked away from him and back at the town. I tried to imagine the path I would take. It would be easy to go down this hill, and the second desert wasn’t very wide, maybe five miles. Then follow the highway another couple of miles to the town. It was doable. 
The son of a bitch really had been right the whole time. We were only a few hours away. We just needed to find the way out. 
I looked back at him. I almost felt sorry for the guy. No fuck that, he had killed my friends and nearly killed me. This guy was a piece of shit.
“Where’s the money?” I said.
“What money?”
“The money I saw you take from Alfonso, and the others. The money you had to pay for the van and the safe house. You know, the money!”
“You mean it’s not in the bag?”
“Quit fucking around or I’ll leave your ass to the birds. Where is the money?”
“Okay, okay. It’s in my back pocket.”
I felt in his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash rubberbanded in a roll. There had to be a few hundred dollars here. I pocketed the money.
I walked away from Smiley and picked up his pack. I sat and started pulling the barbs out of it. The birds that were circling high above earlier, were now perched on the branches of the mesquite tree. Dark brooding sentinels of death. One of them flew to the ground and hopped toward Smiley. He screamed at it and tried to throw a rock, but he was too weak and it fell short.
“Well,” I said, “It looks like your guests have finally arrived for dinner, so I’ll be on my way.” I slung the pack over my shoulder and stood up. “You know, I hear they like to eat the eyes first.”
“What? No, wait! We had a deal.”
“Yeah, we did have a fucking deal!” My shouting spooked the bird, and it flew into the tree to rejoin its friends. “The deal was that we carry your coke and you get us across safe. Did that happen? Huh? Not even close. So, fuck you asshole.” 
I walked away from him, and as soon as I did, all the birds descended from the tree. They hopped toward him. 
I went down the hill into the second desert. I heard him screaming behind me. I don’t know if it was at me or at the birds, but I liked to think it was at the birds. 
CHAPTER 28
Home Coming

It only took me a around three hours to make it out of the desert, but it was still well past dark. I guess Smiley had been right all along. If we had found our way out of the mountains, we really would have made it to the highway in a few hours. 
I didn’t even walk all the way to the town; I went straight to the 24-hour gas station on the other side of the highway. I used Smiley’s money to buy an extra-large cherry slurry from that self-service machine they had in the back by the bathrooms. I got some donuts too. 
All that sugar ended up being a bad idea. It made me sick. I didn’t throw it up, but it ran right through me, and I spent a while going in and out of the bathroom… and it was so worth it.
I also bought a toothbrush and some toothpaste and some soap and cleaned myself up in the bathroom sink. The water running down the drain as I rinsed myself was almost black. 
I didn’t look so bad once all that dirt and grime was removed. Sure, my skin was burnt and my lips were cracked, and my hair was dirty, and my clothes— okay, maybe I still looked bad. All I’m trying to say is, it was an improvement. 
When I came out of the bathroom, I talked to the guy running the register. He was a skinny white kid with shaggy blond hair. He looked like he was a few years younger than me, twenty or twenty-one. He had a braided hemp necklace around his neck.
“Do you guys sell clothes here?” I asked.
“What kind of clothes?”
“I don’t know. Anything.”
“I mean we don’t really have clothes. Just, you know, like some cammo hats and stuff like that.”
“No, that won’t work,” I said. “Is there a Wal-Mart or something nearby where I can buy some clothes?”
“Nope, but there’s one down in New Haven. It’s only like fifteen minutes from here. You just take Highway—”
“Thanks, but I’m not driving.”
“Well how’d you get here then?”
“I walked.”
He gave me an inquisitive look. 
“How about a bus station? There has to be one of those near here.”
“No, that’s in New Haven too. Not much around here.”
“Alright,” I said and walked to the door. “Thanks anyway.”
“Don’t mention it.”
I went outside and looked around. I had nowhere to go. I couldn’t stay here. In a small place like this, someone would probably call the cops on me before I made it to town. I went back inside and asked the kid to call me a cab.
“We don’t get a lot of taxis out here. To be honest, I don’t even know who to call.” He pursed his lips and looked at the clock behind him. “Going to New Haven huh?”
“It doesn’t have to be there. If there is somewhere closer with a bus station…”
He shook his head. “No, there’s not anywhere else.” He thought about it another second and said, “Tell you what; I get off work in like thirty minutes. When my shift ends, I can give you a ride if you want. I need to go pick up some shit from the store anyway.”
I didn’t know what to say. I hadn’t expected that.
“Sound good?”
“Uh, yeah, gounds great!” I pulled out the wad of cash from my pocket. “How much is it going to cost me?”
He looked at me like he didn’t understand the question. “What are you talking about? Cost you? No, I’m not going to charge you man. I’m just giving you a ride.”
“Are you being serious?”
“Yeah man. It’s no big deal. Just hang out for a little bit and we’ll go soon.”
I sat outside on the curb and ate some more food and looked through the newspaper. A little while later a car pulled up and another guy went behind the counter. The kid talked to him and pointed at me. His friend didn’t seem to like what he was hearing. 
“It’ll be fine,” the kid said as he pushed the door open. “I’ll see you tomorrow Robby.” He turned to me. “You ready?”
I stood up. 
“Let’s go. I’m over here.”
We got in his old Toyota 4Runner. He had a bumper sticker that said I’m feeling the BURN, and a purple Christmas tree air freshener hung from the rearview mirror. He started the car up and we pulled out.
“So what’s the deal?” he said, as he powered on the radio and turned down the volume. Bob Marley sang Buffalo Soldier softly in the background. “Are you from Mexico or something?”
Shit! He knew!
God damn it, I shouldn’t have trusted his white ass. He was going to turn me in. I was fucked. I looked out the window and wondered how fast a car has to go before jumping out causes serious injury.
“Relax,” he said. “I’m not like most of these racist assholes around here. It’s cool. I’m just curious.”
I calmed down a little. “I’m from Honduras.”
“Honduras? That’s next to Columbia right?”
“It’s next to Guatemala.”
He laughed. “I’m sorry man, but that doesn’t really help me much. Geography was never my strongest subject.”
“It’s by Mexico.”
“You walked across the desert to get here?”
“Yeah.”
“That’s so awesome!”
“Not exactly what I would call it.”
“You know you have really good english for someone that just got here.”
I told him how I had lived here before and got deported. He spent the next fifteen minutes talking about how fucked up the government is, and how some politician guy was trying to build a wall, and how some other guy was going to save the country but he got muscled out by an evil lesbian, or something like that. I didn’t really follow it all to be honest, but he could have talked about anything he wanted and I wouldn’t care. I was just glad to have a ride.
He dropped me off at the Greyhound station in New Haven. 
“Thanks again,” I said, and got out. 
“It was my pleasure. Hey, hang on!” He reached in the back seat. “Wait for it, wait for it… Here we go!” He handed me a pair of gym shorts and a t-shirt that said, ‘Green Is The New Black’ and had a recycling symbol on it. “They’re not clean, but they are better than what you got on. Should help you blend in a little better.”
“Wow, that’s too much, you have to let me at least give you something for this,” I pulled out a twenty. “Here.”
“No, no, no.” he said waiving it away. “This is just one human being helping another human being in need. Don’t spoil it.”
I put the money in the passenger seat through the window. He rolled the window up and almost caught my hand. He took my money and threw it back out at me, “No no. Don’t want it. If you want to pay me back, just pay it forward.” He drove off, and stuck his head out the window. “Good luck getting to Atlanta!” 
I waved, then bent down to pick up the twenty. I needed that. The kindness, not the money. The guy had done so much, and I never even got his name. After all the shit I had been through it felt good to know that nice people still existed. 
I walked into the Greyhound station with a smile on my face. There was only one person inside waiting for a bus, and she was asleep. I walked up to the counter.
“Can I help you?”
“Yes, I’d like a one way ticket to Norcross, Georgia please.”

I slept until the bus came. Then I got on the bus and slept again until we stopped in San Antonio, where I switched busses. I had to do the same thing five hours later in Houston. I overheard some of the other passengers complaining about all the stops, but compared to the trains it felt like I was teleporting. Plus we had a bathroom on board, a/c, radio, and free Wi-Fi (not that I had anything capable of using it, but it was good to know it was there). 
I spent most of the time watching the country pass by my window. First, we crossed the dry plains of central Texas. Then, the lush farmland of south eastern Texas. Then, the endless bridges that crossed the swamps of Louisiana. Then, the dense pine forests of Mississippi and Alabama. And finally, the cotton fields of southern Georgia. 
Downtown Atlanta was spectacular to look at. The buildings were huge and all made of glass. The highways had eight lanes to a side, and the freeway exchanges twisted on top of each other, three or four levels high.  
At 7:45pm, the bus pulled into the station at Norcross, ending my thirty-eight hour ride across the southern United States. I had considered walking to my mom’s house from the station. It wasn’t that far, but it was already dark out and it was raining. Besides, I was tired of walking. So, I called a taxi over. 
I made a point to check the price of the fare. I only had like forty bucks left and wanted to be sure it was enough. He said it was. 
I got in. The sign on the back of the seat said the driver’s name was Omar. He pulled out of the station and I looked out the window as we drove across town. 
It had been a long time since I had been under these lights. I couldn’t get over how organized things were here. In America, things actually functioned properly. The streets were clean, they were well paved, the lights worked. They had drinkable water, and good education. The politicians weren’t so corrupt, and most of the police actually helped good people and caught bad people. It was a far cry from Central America, where the maras have their hands in everything and more than half the people live in hovels, trying to scrape a living on a dollar or less a day. 
In Norcross, my mom lived in a ‘poor neighborhood.’ I always thought that was funny. Americans don’t know what poor is. This was still the best place he had ever lived in my whole life. People here just don’t realize how good they have it, how lucky they are to be born here. 
The closer we got to my mom’s house, the more nervous I became, and I started fiddling with my clothes and biting my nails.
“Going to see your girlfriend?” Omar said.
“No. Why?”
“You look nervous, that’s all.”
“Oh,” I said, and forced myself to stop biting my my nails. “I’m going to my mom’s house, and I haven’t seen her in a long time.”
“Been travelling?”
“You could say that.”
“Where to?”
“More like where from. I’m coming from Honduras. It took me more than four months to get here.”
He whistled. “So you back to stay now, or is this like a visiting kind of thing?”
“If I get my way, I’ll be staying.”
“But why are you nervous about seeing your own mom?”
“It’s a long story, but she doesn’t know I’m coming, and I don’t know if my cousins are there and…” I paused to keep from getting choked up. “It’s just been a rough couple of months.”
I looked out the window again. God, I hope she is there. That they are all there. 
He pulled into her subdivision. 
“It’s that one,” I said. “Up there, with the blue car. 2106. See it? On the left?”
The taxi rolled to a stop. I looked out the rain-streaked window at my mom’s two room duplex. A small cross hung in the window. The light was on. 
“You ready kid?” Omar said.
I swallowed hard. “Not really.”
“Want me to wait here till you know they’re home?”
“No, I’m good,” I said and started counting out his money. “You know what? Just keep the change.” 
“You sure?”
“Yeah, it’s all yours.”
I got out of the taxi. The second I closed the door, my heart started beating faster. I watched Omar drive away with longing. I wanted to get back in the cab so badly right now. Why did I tell him to leave? 
I looked at the house, and slowly walked down the driveway. Everything in my body was telling me to turn around. I don’t know what worried me the most, that my cousins didn’t make it or what my mom’s reaction would be when she found out they didn’t. 
I stood in front of the door, and cleared my throat. I held up my hand to knock, but paused. I heard a voice inside, a young girl’s voice. Was that Victoria? Or was it someone else? What if they had moved? Maybe that was why my mom’s number came up as disconnected when I tried to call. Oh God, I can’t do this. 
I stepped away from the door and took a deep breath. Then I fixed my hair for the fifth time. I cleared my throat again, and straightened my shirt before I turned back to the door. 
I breathed in and held it. I closed my eyes and exhaled slowly. Then I knocked. 
I heard a young girl’s voice shouting in Spanish that she would get the door. Footsteps growing louder. I couldn’t breathe. A hand jiggled the handle. Tears stung my eyes. 
The rubber on the foot of the door made a sucking sound as it cracked open. Oh god. Oh god. I can’t do this! 
I turned away and wiped the tears rolling down my cheeks. If this was who I thought it was, I didn’t want her to see me dirty and wet and crying. I had to be strong for them.
Light from the door poured on the sidewalk. 
“Um, can I help you?” the girl’s voice said. 
I wanted to turn but I couldn’t bear it. If it wasn’t her I would die. I would just die. I couldn’t do it. 
“Hello? Sir?” She was quiet for a minute. Then said, “Carlos! There’s some weirdo at the door.”
Hearing her say her brother’s name was overwhelming. I went limp. I had to hold on to the side of the house to keep from collapsing in the lawn. 
I turned to her. “Vicky?” I said, my vision blurry with tears. “Vicky, I’m so sorry.” 
She looked at me. Her eyebrows turned up, and she bit her lip. “Raul?”
I nodded.
She ran to me.
I hugged her tight, and we collapsed into each other’s embrace. I choked on my tears as I breathed in her scent. 
Carlos stepped in the doorway. “Vicky, what’s going—” he stopped and stared. “Oh my God…” He ran to me. 
I hugged him, sobbing even harder now. 
“Tia!” He shouted back to the house. “Tia! Get out here!” 
There was something different about him, something in the way he carried himself. He wasn’t the same boy he had been before. He’d changed. Now he was a man, and for some reason that made me sad. I hugged him tighter and kissed his head. 
“Forgive me,” I said.
“Forgive you? For what?”
“For leaving you.”
“What are you talking about?” He pulled away from me and looked me in the eye. A wave of guilt sent heat down my throat and into my chest. I looked away. “Raul, you saved us. We’d be dead if it weren’t for you and all your rules. We’re here now because of you.”
I tried to laugh, to say some smart ass remark like I told you so, but I couldn’t sustain it, the laughs turned to sobs before I could get the first one out. I pulled him to me. I squeezed him and Victoria into my chest. I never wanted them to leave my arms.
My mom came running from the house. 
“Mijo,” she cried. “You’re alive. Oh thank the Lord, you’re alive.”
The four of us stood there like that, in the rain, the door open, with our bodies, our tears, our sufferings intertwined. I held onto them like I would never let them go, and I didn’t mean to.
I was finally whole again. I had made it. I was home.
EPILOGUE

So it’s been six months, and guess what?  They actually gave me that TV show. Can you believe it? I’m going to be the Latino Bear Grylls!  
Okay not really, but it could happen right? I am in America after all. Anything is possible here, but I’d be lying to you if I said everything was perfect. It isn’t. 
In fact, it can be pretty hard sometimes. But what matters is that  we have each other. We are together (even if Carlos’s smart mouth makes me want to choke him out sometimes). 
I think we’ve have learned a lot from all this— about the importance of gratitude, and family, and not sweating the small stuff. 
I know I for one have learned that no matter how bad things get, you have to keep pushing forward. Don’t let people or situations intimidate you. You just have to keep putting one foot in front of the other, focusing on that next step, and you can make it through anything. 
Wow, that sounded good right?  See, didn’t I tell you they need to give me a TV show?
But until I get my big break, I’ll keep washing dishes in the Mexican restaurant down the street. I know, it’s not glamorous, but it sure beats cleaning toilets. Not that I’m against cleaning toilets. I’ll do damn near anything if the money is good, but I can’t clean toilets anymore because it freaked me out.
I tried to go back to work at my old job (the cleaning service where my mom used to work), but I couldn’t handle it. I kept freaking out when I went to clean the bathrooms. It was the echo. The echo made me have these serious anxiety attacks. I couldn’t breathe. I’d sweat. I’d shake. I could feel Guillerme’s laughter crawling through my brain. I could see his bloody demon eyes burning into my soul, and I would feel this overwhelming sense of guilt.
Weird right?  
My mom says it’s PTSD. You know that thing soldiers get when they come back from Iraq and stuff? I don’t know. Maybe she’s right. I still haven’t told any of them everything that happened— what I saw, what I did.
She’s got me going to church a lot these days. Yeah I know, me at church. Go figure.
But it’s tough to sort through all these things on my own. I can use all the help I can get. It’s been good for me, to have the community, to have the support, and to know I always have someone looking out for me. And it has been months since I’ve had a panic attack.
When I first got here, I used to think my journey was exceptionally bad, that I had somehow been through more than everyone else who had come north. But after talking with other immigrants I have discovered that my story isn’t exceptional at all. Everyone has their own story, and every one of them have suffered through a lot to be here. For us to get our little scrap of the American dream, each of us had to suffer through a Mexican nightmare.
A lot has changed since I was deported last time. People have become colder, more hostile toward immigrants. It seems like three out of five cars in every parking lot I walk through has a bumper sticker screaming out slogans in all caps, saying things like: 
BUILD THAT WALL 
CLOSE THE BORDER
THE ONLY SAFE BORDER IS A CLOSED ONE
Or my favorite, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. 
That last one just proves how delusional these people are. They have no idea how good they have it. Great again? What the hell are they talking about? America already is the greatest country on the planet. 
All the talk about building walls is the wrong way to go about things. We don’t need to be building walls, we need to be building bridges, and not just across the Rio Bravo, but across cultures. That is the way to make America great again. 
So to all the douchey Americans out there with douchey bumper stickers, the next time you feel like being a dick to someone like me, just remember that it was tough hardworking people like us who founded this country in the past, and it is tough hardworking people like us that will shape this country in the future. 
Everyone deserves to have una vida mejor, a better life, some of us just need to be given the chance.
###
A Note from the Author

Thank you for downloading this book. I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as enjoyed writing it. If so, please leave a review. Those things really do help, and don’t hesitate to contact me at toddsherrill@gmail.com with any comments or suggestions you may have about this book. Your feedback can help me improve the quality of the reading experience for everyone in the future.

If you are looking for further reading on the subject, I urge you to check out the following titles:
La Bestia by Oscar Martinez
The Devil’s Highway by Luís Alberto Urrea
Enrique’s Journey by Sonia Nazario
Also check out www.themigranttrail.com for an educational game about the migrant experience.

While this was a fictional story, there is nothing fictional about the horrors these innocent people have to endure in pursuit of a better life for themselves and their families. Feel free to share this book with your friends, and do your part to help spread awareness about this issue.
