




Prologue
Destiny always gives you a chance to choose and your choice decides your fate
"Aden will always remember what you did for this world. You will forever live in the hearts of Adeners. Goodbye, sister. See you soon."
Shaun gave Jennifer a parting hug. They were standing on the Deck of Nineteen Martyrs and she was about to jump into the Eye of Tenebra. 
The new loop was just two weeks old. Two weeks of upheaval that brought calm, chaos that restored order, war that ended tyranny, destruction that paved way for progress, death that gave hope to life, and darkness that ushered a bright day. The fortunes of the two sisters had transformed in the last fourteen days. These worlds had turned upside down.
Jennifer looked into her cousin’s eyes. "Brother, take good care of this world and its people. They all are now your responsibility."
She bid adieu to everyone else and waved to the massive crowd that had gathered there to say farewell to their Savior. For one last time, she looked at the world she was never going to see again.
Holding her husband's hand, she took her last leap.
The whirlpool sucked her in. She didn’t emerge on the other end, rather felt something pulling her down. She frantically moved her hands and legs to stay afloat, and then her eyes fell on something which made her freeze. The water around her had turned crimson. Blood red. She looked around and saw hundreds of dead bodies swirling into the water. She felt a twinge in her heart and gave up her struggle. Her body started to sink to the endless abyss. Water entered her lungs. Quite ironically, she was about to die in the same whirlpool that connected the two worlds with her destiny. Life began to drain out as darkness engulfed her. And then there was a flash of bright light.





Chapter One
The Leap into the Unknown.
When events around you go haywire, when everything stops making sense, leap into the Unknown
Elisium
4L 21/15/1/1 (Loop 4, Cycle 21, Year 15, Month 1, Day 1)
"You must leap."
Standing on the Bridge of Faith, a long wooden bridge built precisely above the spot where a giant whirlpool mysteriously appeared every seventh year, Solomon heard someone whisper to him. He wasn’t sure whether that voice was coming from within or from the amulet he was wearing. No one knew why this bridge was built here, yet he believed that it must be there for a reason. 
Solomon stared at the Abyss of Unknown, swirling below him.
 Leap into a whirlpool? Yes, the situation is critical but is it that desperate? 
In those few seconds of indecision, his mind went back to the events of the last few days. He still couldn’t understand how his circumstances had changed so drastically in such a short time. From being busy preparing for a grand ceremony to reaching a stage where he had to run for his life. 
He remembered how his father, King Isaac the Enlightened, had dropped a few hints about this upheaval during a dinner.
Solomon had noticed that off late Isaac hadn’t been himself. He rarely came home, barely talked, and didn’t even eat properly. His health seemed to be deteriorating as well. "Father, is there any problem? Something doesn’t feel right.” Solomon tried to get something out of him.
Isaac gave a grim smile. "I must admit that things aren’t going too smoothly for me for the last few years. However, all that has reached a crescendo in recent months."
"What is the issue?" 
"This society in our world is built on the foundations of righteousness and justice. The people who reside here treasure their morals and values. But lately, a shadow of darkness has started to grow within our ranks.” 
Solomon’s heart missed a beat. “What do you mean by a shadow of darkness?” 
“Darkness of the soul, my child. Some of our lofty cousins have tasted the fruit of greed and have started to exploit the unknowing masses. Many other influential nobles, lured by the glitter of worldly wealth, have joined hands with them.  With every passing day, this shadow of gloom keeps expanding. I believe the sun is about to set on the glories of this world."
"Why don't you stop them? You are the king. You have the power." Solomon, the young innocent prince, knew nothing about the vagaries of running a kingdom. 
"The fruit of rapacity tastes very sweet in the beginning, although it has a horrible aftertaste. Once people get addicted to greed, it is very difficult to abstain from it. All these gluttonous people in our world don't heed to my warnings anymore."
"Then you must imprison them, or banish them from the capital."
Isaac sighed. "There is no punishment until proven guilty, and there are no complaints against them. Poor commoners don’t even understand the magnitude of their felonies. And those who know are too afraid to speak."
"But you are the king. If you know someone is doing wrong you must punish him." 
"The rules of our land don't allow this. You must understand that we are in the twenty-first cycle and heading towards the end of the fourth loop. Things are bound to change at the end of every loop to kickstart a new chain of events."
Isaac paused for a moment. He mumbled something to himself while his face went through a hundred emotions from a look of dejection to a painful grimace.
Anxiety, uncertainty, and now talking to himself. Something is seriously wrong with father.
Isaac abruptly rose from his chair, removed a heavy gold chain from his neck, and put it around Solomon. The chain was attached to an exquisite locket made of glistening gold with a large flawless pink ruby at its center and twenty sparkling diamonds studded around it. When it touched Solomon’s skin, he felt a sudden surge of energy pass through his body. The Amulet of Transition had instantly forged a connection with its new master, Solomon the next Transitioner. Isaac had passed on the legacy,  just in time, because he wasn’t about to get another opportunity.
Isaac looked into Solomon’s eyes. "Remember son, whatever happens, protect this amulet from falling into wrong hands. When events around you go haywire, when everything stops making sense, leap into the Unknown. It may well be your passage into another world of opportunity."
What the hell was that? Solomon knew his father was a straightforward man who didn’t like to play with words, but today he wasn’t ready to speak a single straight sentence. Everything that he said was either clouded in a mist or wrapped in layers. 
Why is he acting weird? What is this locket? What am I supposed to do with it? A hundred questions popped up in his mind but before he could ask any of them, one of the palace guards announced the arrival of the four ministers who were supposed to join them for dinner. The conversation was left incomplete and Solomon never got another chance to talk with his father.
Isaac was stuck in reining in the political crisis, whereas Solomon got busy in the preparations for the grand ceremony to celebrate his fourteenth birthday. These celebrations were about to take place under a cloud of dissent. There were whispers that some nobles were not happy with the high-handed rule of the king and wanted more authority for themselves. They felt that Isaac was harsh on his ministers and too inclined towards the commoners.
On the other hand, Solomon was extremely excited about the ceremony, but this year his birthday was about to coincide with the Crossing of the Sisters. Every seventh year, the two sister planets, Elisium and Aden, came very close and hung over each other like giant orbs for seven whole days. These seven days of adversity brought with them some severe weather, high tides, mild earthquakes, and the giant whirlpool. 
And this time around, this Crossing was about to bring in a storm the kind of which had never been witnessed before.
***
Solomon’s mother, Queen Sylvia woke him on what was supposed to be the most memorable day of his life. His mother’s cheery smile always filled Solomon with warmth and energy. Sylvia was the embodiment of charm and grace. Solomon had heard that during her prime she was the most beautiful girl in Elisium and even towards the end of the second cycle of her life she had some otherwordly aura around her.
Sylvia hugged her son. "Happy Birthday my darling. Welcome to the world of grown-ups. Your carefree days of childhood bliss have finally come to an end.”
Solomon was in no mood to get out of his bed. “I am just fourteen.  Who wants to be counted as a grown-up that early.”
“Maybe in some other worlds in this universe eighteen or even twenty maybe the age for adulthood, but thankfully here that is fourteen. Our years are horribly long. Which world has a year that has twenty-one months of twenty-one days each? When you become the king pass a decree to split our year in two. And besides that, I think I am done looking after you.” Sylvia nudged him with her elbow. “It is time for you to fly on your own.” 
“So you have grown tired of me.”
“A mother never gets tired of her son. By the way, have you noticed that you have outgrown your father?”
“That day the HighPriest was saying that I perfectly fit the description of King David in his younger days. Tall frame, broad shoulders, muscular body, high forehead, fiery green eyes. He had a long list of features.”
“I didn’t know our HighPriest was a loop old and had seen King David himself. What is he? A giant tortoise in human form?” Sylvia chuckled and kissed her son on the forehead. “May you rule as long and justly as King David did. Now that reminds me that since you are going to officially become the crown prince tonight, should I start bowing to you?” 
“I don’t see that happening. I haven’t even seen you ever bowing to the king.”
“That is because I made a condition before marriage. I told your father, in very clear words, that if I marry him I will treat him as my husband and not a king. So he mustn’t expect too much of bowing the head and as-you-wish-Your-Highness-stuff from me.”
“Father agreed to that?”
Sylvia winked.  “A girl with beauty and brains can bring emperors to their knees. Your father didn’t even have a choice. He was head over heels in love with me.”
Solomon shrugged. “If the mighty Isaac the Enlightened couldn’t make you bow what chance this poor Solomon has?”
“Oh! I just forgot that. Today you will be officially given a title. Don’t you think Solomon the Poor sounds pathetic?”
“Very funny. Yes, father did tell me to shortlist a few titles. I am open to suggestions.”
“How about Solomon the lazy? Or Solomon the useless?”
“How about saying goodbye to this annoying Sylvia and coming up with some serious suggestions. You don’t want your son to be stuck with some dumb title.”
Sylvia faked stroking her chin. “What do you say about Solomon the Conqueror?”
“Hmm. That sounds strong. See mother, you can be really useful if you concentrate on things other than pulling my leg.” 
Sylvia gave a light slap on her son’s head. “Even your father wanted to have a brawny title. He had decided on Isaac the Mighty but your grandpa insisted that he must choose a title that is more inclined towards knowledge than strength. Hence the Enlightened.”
“Oh! Poor he. Even I don’t like Enlightened. Sounds a little too academic. Oldish. Boring.”
“We can discuss the titles later, for now, you have to take your breakfast and then do a few rehearsals for the coronation ceremony in the evening. "
“These rehearsals are the dullest part of these celebrations. Can’t I skip them?” Solomon asked snapping his fingers in small quick bursts.
“Absolutely not. The crowd won't like seeing their future king messing things up in his very first public appearance. And don’t do that snapping thing on the stage. People will take it signs of nerves.” 
Sylvia went out of the room. Solomon slowly got out of his bed and joined his mother at the breakfast table. He had barely eaten anything when Queen Sylvia's hand-maiden rushed towards her. She just stood there, trembling, trying to speak something but couldn’t muster the courage. Sylvia sensed her conundrum. "Julia, what happened? Don’t be afraid. Just speak out."
Julia was shaking but she somehow managed to utter a few words. "M… My queen, King Isaac… has been kill… killed… by his own guards." 
Solomon saw his mother freeze. Her face contorted and her eyes stared at nothing. Her breathing became labored. "Oh my God. Holy Angels save our souls. This murder is the last sign. The Transition is near. The Catastrophe is upon us. Elisium is doomed." She mumbled through her sobs. Tears began to roll down her cheeks.
Julia came near her. "My queen, you don't have time. They are coming for you and the prince. Your palace guards have let them in. You cannot trust anyone. Please save yourself and your son." 
Julia’s warning jerked Sylvia back to her senses. She momentarily forgot her grief and turned to Solomon. Her eyes were moist but full of purpose. "You know the secret passage out of the palace. Take that passage. It will lead you to the shores of the river Vinum."
What in God’s name is she thinking. 
"What do you mean by that? Why aren't you coming with me?"
"I must take care of a few things before they get here."
"I am not leaving you alone. I will leave only if you leave with me."
Sylvia grabbed her son by his shoulders and shook him hard. "Listen to me. This is not just about you and me. This is something much bigger. You must save yourself because the future of not one, but two worlds depends on your survival. You must survive for the line of kings to go on. You will understand all this when the time comes, but for now, I beg you by the virtue of your martyred father to please leave."
Now she is talking just like father. Why can’t they just tell me clearly what the hell is happening? 
Solomon didn’t move. He was going nowhere, but a voice whispered to him that he must listen to his mother. The voice overwhelmed him. Solomon couldn’t ignore its command. He finally gave in and dashed across the hallway. 
Sylvia called after him for one last time. "My son, remember your father's words. When events around you go haywire when everything stops making sense, leap into the Unknown."
Yes, I remember those words but they still don’t make any sense to me. What am I supposed to do with them? 
Solomon reached his father's chamber and opened a secret door. That door led to a passage that opened into a tunnel. He kept running inside the long tunnel until he came out at the other end. He had reached the shores of river Vinum. He moved a little away from the exit and sat down under a tree to gather his breath. Minutes later, he saw a few guards emerging from the same tunnel. 
Solomon ran for his life. The guards, who were sworn to protect him, were now chasing him to finish him off. Everything had become topsy-turvy. Nothing was making sense. He sprinted on the bridge of faith but noticed that a few soldiers had appeared at the far end of the long bridge. He was surrounded. 
Solomon stopped in his tracks to contemplate his next move. For a few seconds, he had got lost in the past but that mysterious voice pulled him back to the present. "This isn’t a time for flashbacks. You must leap.”
Solomon stared at the Abyss of Unknown, and his father’s last words to him echoed in his mind. "When events around you go haywire when everything stops making sense, leap into the Unknown."
Did father really mean this? Did he want me to jump into this whirlpool?  Does this make sense? But sense seems to have taken leave from this world.
Something told him that this was the right choice. He tightly clutched the amulet, the parting gift from his father, and climbed the railings of the bridge. His heart was filled with grief, his mind with uncertainties. His dreams had shattered. His world had fallen apart. 
With eyes full of tears, Solomon leaped into the Unknown. 
A leap that triggered the next Transition.
A leap that changed the fortunes of two identical, yet different, worlds.





Chapter Two
The Amulet of Transition
Surviving a certain death is a miracle and a miracle is what this world is waiting for
Aden. 
5L 21/15/1/1 (Loop 5, Cycle 21, Year 15, Month 1, Day 1)
“Wow, that’s how you’d imagined celebrating your fourteenth birthday.”
Moses glanced at the glum faces of the other prisoners locked with him inside the wooden cage. Although none of them looked like criminals, just like him, they were bound in heavy iron chains. In a few hours, they all were about to be thrown into the Eye of Tenebra and banished from their world.
Moses still couldn't come to terms with the fact that he was sentenced to the biggest punishment in Aden. Every accused in this just and righteous society had the right to seek justice. Even the biggest of criminals got a fair trial and a chance to appeal the verdict if found guilty, but no such protocol was followed in his case.
A week ago, some officers of the regime picked him up from his house and charged him with the murder of a retired soldier. The judges then fast-tracked his closed-door trial and hastily reached a verdict. Moses wasn’t even given a chance to speak in his defense as the judges, based on a couple of false testimonies, promptly sentenced him to Banishment. 
Every aspect of Moses’s trial was filled with irregularities. In a clear violation of the laws, he was tried as an adult despite being a few days shy of his fourteenth birthday. Everything, right from his sudden arrest to a speedy trial and an extremely harsh sentence, reeked of some deep conspiracy. But why an all-powerful regime was hell-bent on destroying the life of an average middle-class boy was beyond his understanding.
Moses’s fourteenth birthday was about to become the worst day of his life. However, he temporarily forgot his dismal situation to watch the Celebrations of Freedom from the confines of his cage. 
During every Crossing, thousands of recruits departed to Elisium to replace the existing troops. Moses looked, with a hint of admiration, as companies after companies of soldiers came forward on the Deck of the Nineteen Martyrs. Then at the blast of a canon, they saluted the flag of Aden and simultaneously jumped into the Eye of Tenebra in a perfectly choreographed manner. The moment they hit the water, the giant whirlpool sucked them in.
Amidst decent fanfare, fifty companies of soldiers leaped into the dark world to guard Aden’s entry point and protect Adeners from the invasion of its allegedly dangerous inhabitants. Thousands of people braved the thunderstorms and flocked to the riverfront to cheer these brave men. The King, all the nobles, and every minister attended this ceremony. 
However, in the last few cycles, a cloud of resentment marred these Celebrations. Soldiers returning from Tenebra had spread gruesome tales about Aden’s atrocities over the helpless people of that world. Many Adeners correlated these stories with their own plight. Sympathy for the oppressed began to take root in their hearts and minds. The cries to stop exploitation in that world grew louder. As a sign of defiance, many Adeners stopped calling that world Tenebra and started using its real name. The thinning crowds at these celebrations flashed red warning signs to the regime about the growing dissent.
Once the celebrations were done, Moses saw hundreds of large iron containers being dropped into the giant swirl. Finally, after the sunset, the wooden cage with Moses and eleven other convicts was lowered into the Eye of Tenebra. 
It’s time to say goodbye to this world. 
Moses had one last glance at Aden and closed his eyes. When the cage touched the water, he tightly clutched the amulet. His mother had quietly put this locket around his neck when the soldiers had come to abduct him. This precious amulet had been inherited in his family generations after generations. She had told him that it was a lucky charm and it protected its bearer from every kind of evil. 
That’s quite astonishing. Your family struggles to make ends meet and yet they own such an extravagant piece of jewelry. Many things about your family have been absolutely weird. There were many things Moses wanted to ask his mother but her streaming tears and a lump in his throat didn’t allow him to.
Now Moses held on to the amulet, not because he believed in its charms, but for the fact that it was the parting gift from his mother and his only memento from his world. 
Hope you get a chance to see your mother again.
The ropes holding the cage were cut loose. Everyone inside the cage twisted wildly when the whirlpool swallowed it. After a few seconds, the whirling stopped. Apparently, they had emerged into the other world.
Everyone held onto their breaths and waited for Aden’s soldiers to cut the weights holding the cage and pull them out of the water. But their wait never ended. There was no movement, only the stillness of death. Water filled their lungs and dread filled their hearts. The Banishment was turning into a Drowning. 
Moses’s mind went blank. His brain always froze during a crisis, and here he saw angels of death dancing in front of his eyes. His soul seemed desperate to get out of his body. His limbs stopped responding to his commands.
You can’t die by drowning. That’s horrible. Do something to save yourself.
The amulet twitched and then something bizarre happened. It shot jets of fire inside the water. 
Flames in water? That’s absurd. Your mind’s playing tricks on you. You’re going nuts before death. 
Moses noticed that his iron chains had broken. Or maybe melted. Or maybe he was just dreaming. All other prisoners were also free from the shackles. 
However, that wasn’t enough to buy them freedom. There was another barrier. The cage was locked from outside. Despairing prisoners frantically shook the gate, but it won’t budge. It was locked to seal their fate. 
Kick the gate. Someone whispered to Moses. 
You’ve completely lost it. Why do you want to kick the heavy iron gate that four other prisoners weren’t even able to shake? Are you Solomon the Conqueror who once famously made a castle’s gate fly in a single kick. You’re getting drained out of life but still want to try something stupid. 
Moses gave it a try. He kicked the gate with all the strength left in him. He couldn’t believe his eyes when he saw the gate break from its hinges and fly away into the water. At last, they were free. The survivors rose to the surface and breathed the fresh air. They swam to the nearby shore and collapsed to the ground. Some of them were coughing violently. 
Moses slowly got to his feet and noticed his surroundings. The soldiers, the containers, everything’s gone. No one was supposed to pull you out of the water.
He looked around him. The landscapes were pretty similar to his world. He had imagined Tenebra to be a barren deserted land, but he was standing on lush green grass. Is this Tenebra? Or have you somehow returned to Aden? 
Moses was startled when a man, who may have been in the early years of his third cycle, hugged him.
"What is your name young man?" He asked.
"Moses Davids." 
The man pointed towards Aden which was hanging above them like a giant orb. "That was your name in that world. I was known there as Joseph Daniels. Our families adopted these last names to hide our true identity. But that doesn't help. Our enemies always keep a track of us and we ultimately get banished. Your real name is Moses Solomon, just like my real name is Joseph Solomon. And we are the descendants of Solomon, the Conqueror."
Moses rolled his eyes. "I’ve heard many such stories but I don't believe in them." 
Joseph shrugged and pointed to the locket dangling out of Moses's shirt. "It is quite strange that you wear that amulet and yet don't believe in these stories. That locket in your neck, which saved our lives today, do you know what that is?" 
Moses shook his head.
"That is the Amulet of Transition. The most powerful artifact in the two worlds. That very amulet helped Solomon forge the empire of Aden. Tell me how that amulet is still in your neck? Didn’t the soldiers search you when you were arrested? King Julian and his predecessors have been looking for this thing for the last seven cycles. "
"Yes, they did. But the guy who searched me just didn't notice the amulet. I thought I’m allowed to keep it."
Joseph stroked his chin. "The charms of the amulet might have blinded his sight. Now keep that amulet hidden till we know who is who. Someone here could be a real criminal."
Moses raised an eyebrow. "Someone could be a criminal? You mean to say all the banished aren’t criminals?"
“How many people did you kill to get banished?” 
"No one." Moses crinkled his nose.
"That is the answer to your question. Just like you and me, most of the people banished aren’t criminals but the descendants of Solomon. The regime keeps looking for us. Whenever they find someone having roots in the Solomon family they put them on trial. The ones they feel might be a danger to the regime are banished. The others spend their lives in prison. There is a very good chance that all of these prisoners are our distant cousins."
By that time, the other survivors had also got on their feet. Moses quietly tucked the amulet under his shirt. 
"It looks like the Banishment was a death sentence for all of us," Joseph said to the survivors. "And our captors were so confident about the drowning that no one even stayed behind to see whether we drowned or not."
"Friend, they had solid reasons for that confidence." Everyone jumped on hearing a deep throaty voice and looked in its direction. A group of men emerged from behind the rocks. An elderly man, who must have been in the final years of his third cycle, was doing the talking. "No one has survived the Drowning in the last two cycles. That cage is a sure-shot death trap and seeing you all alive makes me very curious. Surviving a certain death is a miracle and a miracle is what this world is waiting for. Tell me how did you escape?"
Moses silently scrutinized these men. Who are they? Soldiers of Aden or the rebels of Tenebra?
Joseph held his ground. "Before we tell you anything why don’t you tell us who are you?" 
The leader of the group ignored Joseph's question and had a close look at one of the survivors. "Oh my God! Argus come here. This time we have got your otherworld-twin from Inferna."
A young man stepped forward and everyone gasped in unison. Moses looked at Argus, and then at one of the survivors. 
God! Are they lost brothers? Identical twins? Even identical twins have some differences here or there. This is nature’s artistry of another level. The surprises just don’t seem to end today.
The group leader gave a triumphant smile. "I always told you that people of Inferna are copies of us. Now see this for yourself."
“What the hell is Inferna?” Joseph interrupted him.
The man pointed towards Aden. “Just like you call our world Tenebra, we refer to your world as Inferna, the Hell.”
This conversation’s diverting from the point. First, you must find out who are these people? Moses stepped forward. "Thanks for all the lovely information. Now, will you stop beating around the bush and tell us who are you? And where are we?"
The leader so far hadn’t noticed Moses. The moment he did, his eyes lit up and his mouth fell open. Shock, surprise, excitement, disbelief, his face was an amalgam of a hundred emotions. 
"Solomon. Solomon the Conqueror. Solomon the Lost." 





Chapter Three
A Dance of Two Sisters
The dance of the cosmos is doom for the mortals 
Aden. 
5L 14/14/21/18 (Loop 5, Cycle 14, Year 14, Month 21, Day 18)
“A day I look forward to.” 
Andrews the Explorer said to himself as he entered the huge auditorium of King Solomon university for his monthly interaction with the students. Andrews was an astronomer, chemist, physicist, and geologist. He was the first man who had ventured to the far ends of Aden, mapped it in detail, and discovered unknown things about this world. To recognize his contributions, King Samuel had awarded him the title of the Explorer.
Astronomy and science were in his genes. During Solomon’s reign, his great-grandfather Hamish’s experiments had paved the way for many important discoveries. Among other things, he gave a lot of stress on compiling history. He also devised the modern way of writing dates. He believed that since a loop ushered a whole new era it should be mentioned first with the letter “L”. Then the current cycle, the year, the month, and the date should be mentioned, separated by a slash.
Andrews followed his great-grandfather’s footsteps and became the most celebrated scientist in the history of Aden. He transformed the fields of transportation and communication. He was probably the busiest man in Aden but despite his hard-pressed schedule Andrews never missed his monthly appointments with the students of this university. These interactions always provided him some food for thought. He firmly believed that the never-ending enthusiasm of young minds paved way for major innovations.
Andrews looked around the auditorium. It was once again jampacked, like all his previous visits. Young students looked up to him, he was their icon he tried to live up to his reputation. Today he tried to woo them through a lecture on the future of telephones and how they could change the dynamics of their world. He even talked about some futuristic concepts like phones without chords or the ones that could let them see the person they were talking with. Some of his ideas seemed straight out of sci-fi books, an upcoming fiction genre in Aden, but no one dared to question the visions of a genius.
Once Andrews had finished his lecture, a young man with thick glasses stood up to ask the first question. “Sir, tell us something about the seven days of darkness?”
“Oh! I never imagined that the telephones caused the days of darkness.” 
The young man gave Andrews a blank stare.
“You asked me about the days of darkness during a lecture about telephones so I thought they must have a connection.” Andrews’s jibe was lost on the audience. Why did he even bother to talk about anything else when the Crossing was just a couple of days away. Adeners were too obsessed with the Crossing. Andrews himself was overly fascinated with this whole phenomenon in his younger days. He ultimately did a lot of research on this topic and published many books. Quite understandably students wanted to hear about it from the person who knew the most.
Andrews understood that the remaining session was going to be centered around this topic. He looked at the boy who had asked the question. “First of all, I would like to point something out to you. The term, the days of darkness that we now use to describe every Crossing, actually refers to the Great Crossing that occurs every twenty-first year. Every third Crossing coincides with an extended eclipse that engulfs our world in darkness and exaggerates its effects. The thunderstorms, tides, and earthquakes are extremely severe. These extra violent Crossings, or the real days of darkness, mark the beginning of a new Cycle of twenty-one years. You will witness this Great Crossing seven years from now.”
A chubby girl stood up next. “If the Great Crossings are so extreme then what shall we expect at the start of the new loop? We all have heard horrible tales about the events at the turn of loop.”
“The turn of the loop is seven cycles away, and unless you are a bowhead whale in a human form I don’t expect you to make it that far.” The girl’s face turned red as everyone in the hall burst out laughing. 
That didn’t come out right. What was he thinking comparing a chubby girl to a whale? His attempted one-liners had left him embarrassed more than once. He tried to salvage the situation. “Dear, we shouldn’t worry about things we know we are never going to see. However, curiosity is always a good trait and you look like a girl who knows a lot of stories. So why don’t you tell us something about the turn of the loop?”
The girl audibly cleared her throat to gain some confidence back. “I have heard that every new loop begins with catastrophic events. There are twenty-one days of extreme darkness. The sun never shines, the thunderstorms never stop, the rivers flood the lands, the volcanoes erupt simultaneously, and the earth constantly keeps shaking. Even the Great Sea changes its position.”
Andrews put his hand over his mouth. “You just reminded me of my granny with that horrifying description of events. She was quite terrific in describing the terrible.” Another bad joke. Andrews admonished himself.  “But that all is very true. Now, can you tell me what causes such mayhem?”
The girl shook her head. “I have no idea.”
“Before I explain that, someone please quickly tell me what you people know about Tenebra?”
A girl with curly red hair and a crooked nose answered this question. “Our astronomers have discovered that our solar system has a very close neighbor. And quite astonishingly, these two neighboring systems are very similar. In fact, they are like identical twins. Both systems have the same number of planets revolving around their star. Their planets have a similar number of moons. And just like Aden in our system, Tenebra in that system is the farthest planet from its sun and seems like the only planet which can support life. For that reason, astronomers call Tenebra the twin sister of Aden.”
Andrews clapped his hands. “Very precisely explained. At least some people are making good use of the largest library on this planet. However, it is not just the habitability that connects the two planets. They have a much greater impact on each other. For example, their gravitational pull during these Crossings triggers thunderstorms and earthquakes. Some astronomers used to say that when the sisters meet each other after a long time they shake a leg. And that little dance shakes up everything within them.”
The chubby girl stood up again. “So why this dance becomes violent at the turn of the loop?” 
“Because when too many dancers come down on the dance floor the dance becomes a pandemonium. Understand?”
The girl again shook her head.
“Okay, I will explain. Once in every four hundred and forty-one years, towards the end of every twenty-first cycle, the stars and all the planets of both systems align in a single straight line. Our sun and all the six planets in our system pull at our world whereas their counterparts in the other system pull at Tenebra. There is a planetary tug of war, with Aden and Tenebra at its center. The gravitational pull of all these heavenly bodies stretches the Crossing to twenty-one days and wreaks havoc in both worlds. It is a doomsday of sorts. That is why our priests and scholars chose this event to mark the end of a loop and the beginning of a new era.”
The chubby girl leaned forward. “You mean to say that at the turn of the loop, other heavenly bodies join these sisters in their dance?” 
“Yes, that is right. My great-grandfather Hamish called this infinite circle of cycles and loops, The Dance of Two Sisters. At the turn of the loop, this becomes a family dance. Hamish believed that apart from the astronomical and geographical effects, this phenomenon has a much larger impact on the fortunes of the two worlds. He famously quoted that the dance of the cosmos is doom for the mortals. When this dance reaches its crescendo, everything within the two worlds is turned upside down.”
Another question came from the girls’ side. “If the two solar systems are identical, does that mean that Tenebra has living beings and maybe even humans, just like us?”
“I am sure, just like me, there is another Andrews in Tenebra and I am dying to meet him,” Andrews said with an enigmatic smile. “But for now, all we have is some legends. Most of us have heard different theories like the theory of Transition and they can’t be true without human presence in both worlds. Hopefully, sometime in the future, we will be able to travel to that world and see it for ourselves. Till then we can just speculate. However, I think there is a pretty good chance that Tenebra has humans just like us.”
And then one of the boys asked the question which Andrews had hoped no one would ask.  “What role does the Eye of Tenebra play in this dance? Why does that whirlpool magically appears on the first day of darkness and disappears on the seventh?”
How can this topic end without this question? It was time for Andrews to repeat his well-rehearsed answer for the millionth time. “I have to admit that this one thing defies all logic. Why that whirlpool appears at that exact time and at that precise location doesn’t fit any scientific explanations. And do you guys know that anything sucked by the whirlpool is never found again? Neither at the bottom of the river nor the banks. As if it just vanishes from this world.”
The boy who had asked the question had his mouth wide open. “I can’t believe that even you don’t have an answer for something.”
Andrews rolled his eyes. “I know you are absolutely thrilled at asking the question that floored the so-called genius, now stop rubbing the salt. Some artistries of nature are beyond the realms of Science,” Andrews said with a wink and a smile befitting a saint. The bell rang and Andrews was spared from more questions down that line.
However, that question got stuck in Andrews’s head. It had whipped up his appetite to solve this great mystery.
On the first day of the Crossing, Andrews climbed a cliff that towered above the Eye of Tenebra. There was something majestic about this whirlpool. It was an enigma. It had an air of magnificence and a shadow of obscurity surround it. Andrews was mesmerized by the giant swirl. He felt drawn towards it. He leaned from the cliff to get a better view.
Fate was just waiting for that moment to strike. A strong gush of wind blew Andrews off his feet. Andrews had enough time to curse himself while falling from the cliff. He was never able to rein in his curiosity and that was about to get him killed. 
Climbing a cliff during a storm and leaning from it. What was he even thinking? And people called him a genius. 
He hit the water with a splash and was instantly gulped by the whirlpool. But to his utter surprise, the swirling stopped in a few seconds. He rose to the surface to find that instead of the whirlpool, he was in the calm currents of a gently flowing river. Andrews swam to the shores and tried to ascertain where he was but he couldn't recognize this place. 
"This is the worst time to go swimming young man." Andrews turned around to see a middle-aged man walking towards him. He looked like a peasant. "Can't you see Inferna is above us? The Days of Adversity have begun. Thank your God that you are down here. If you had been upstream, the Abyss of Unknown would have consumed you by now."
Inferna? Abyss of Unknown? Nothing made sense to Andrews. He frantically looked around. The landscapes looked familiar, but there was something odd about this place. Everything felt dull and gloomy as if covered in a shadow. The grass, the trees, the rocks, the soil, even the river looked dark and dreary.
Is this what he was thinking? That can’t be true. He had to ask this man and try not to look like an idiot. "I may sound weird, but can I ask you a question?"
"Yes, Sure."
"What do we call our planet. I mean what is the name of our world?" That sounded utterly ridiculous. Andrews was crossed with himself. A so-called genius can’t even frame a question properly.
The farmer creased his brow. "I guess you weren't swimming. You were drinking and accidentally fell into the river. You still look drunk."
Andrews felt an urge to shout and ask the farmer to cut the crap but he thought a little politeness here would serve him better.  "Will you please answer my question?" 
"Elisium is the name of our world."
Andrews wanted to scream. Pull out his hair. His insatiable curiosity had displaced him from his home and transported him to the other world. However, what Andrews didn’t know was that this small incident that had changed his life forever was also about to transform the fortunes of millions of people in the two worlds.
His inadvertent fall had opened a door that was never meant to be discovered at this point in time.
And that door was now going to lead two worlds on opposite paths.





Chapter Four
Prologue 2: A King’s Worries.
A tree with deep strong roots has a better chance of withstanding a storm.
Aden. 
5L 21/15/2/10 (Loop 5, Cycle 21, Year 15, Month 2, Day 10)
“My sleeping beauty. My precious jewel.” 
King Julian the Righteous, was standing on the expansive balcony of his room and admiring Aurae, his magnificent capital. The Grand Palace built high up on the Royal Mound in north Aurae, offered magnificent views of this glorious city. Solomon the Conqueror had built Aurae but Julian had dedicated his entire life to turn it into a city of dreams.
Julian constructed some opulent monuments like the Deck of the Nineteen Martyrs, the Freedom Museum, the Chambers of the Central Council, and the Grand Stadium to name a few. He ensured that all the neighborhoods were upgraded through meticulous planning and all new buildings were artistically designed. He even turned the residential complexes into a sight to behold. Julian beautified every corner of the city with gorgeous paradisical gardens that had sparkling lakes. The best artists of Aden were hired to design the majestic fountains of these gardens that had hundreds of varieties of flowers blossoming there. Every kind of entertainment and leisure activity was available for Aurae’s residents. Julian was sure that Aurae of Aden was the closest thing to the Garden of Eden. Nothing in this universe matched its beauty. It was like living in heaven. And now some treacherous rebels wanted to steal his paradise, but he won’t let that happen.
It was yet another sleepless night for Julian. Standing on this balcony and looking at the peaceful city soothed his mind but sometimes it also raised some nagging questions. Was he truly supposed to rule this world? Did people love him or they still called him a usurper like his forefathers? Did they still wish for Solomon’s heir to return? 
The Tenebra issue had added to his anxiety. It had become a thorn in his flesh. The cries for freeing that world were getting louder. Some activist groups even had the guts to go against the regime and openly boycott the Celebrations of Freedom. He knew this boycott was just the beginning. A mere stepping stone. There was a much deeper conspiracy. These rebels were after his throne.
If this wasn’t enough, Julian also had to deal with the turn of the loop that was hanging over his head like a sword. That wretched amulet was still missing. Insurgents in Tenebra had acquired weapons and dared to kill his spy in front of his army. Could things get any worse? Can he fight this tempest? Wasn’t giving up and accepting fate a better option?
Julian felt someone hug him from behind. Miriam had always been a pillar of his support. "You are not getting enough sleep, my love. Staring at the stars is not something worthy of a king's time."
"I prefer looking at my roots than staring at the skies. A tree with deep strong roots has a better chance of withstanding a storm."
"My dear, there will be no storm, and if there will be one, I am sure nothing can shake you."
Julian sank into a nearby chair. "I wish I was as confident as you but I am not sure if I want to withstand the storm. I feel if I fall, it will be a blessing in disguise."
Miriam walked behind his chair and put her arms around him. "You are the King, my love. If you fall, Aden falls with you. You don't want your people to suffer. You don't want to fail them."
"I think people want me to suffer. I am the sixth king in our line, but still many people call me a usurper. They still pray for the heir of Solomon to return and claim what they think is rightfully his."
Miriam started massaging his shoulders. Her fingers worked their magic on Julian and he began to relax.
"Don't plague your mind with such venomous thoughts. You must remember that your great-grandfather didn't kill Solomon’s heir to get his crown. He was chosen by the Council. Your ancestors weren't usurpers."
“If that is true then tell me why my forefathers have spent more time hunting down Solomon’s descendants than looking after this world."
"They have tracked them down so that they don't revolt against the crown. They are rebels and rebels must be punished."
"No matter how much we try to justify this, in reality, we are doing all this to protect our crown. This is just a quest for power. Nothing else."
Miriam pressed a finger to her lips. "Shh! that is true, but people mustn't know this. There is nothing wrong with a king trying to save his throne as long as he is just and merciful towards his subjects."
"Tell me honestly. Am I a just and righteous king? "
Miriam came around and bent down in front of his chair. She brought her face close to his and looked into his eyes. "You are a great king, my love. You have very strongly held this world together. You have strived for the prosperity and development of this world. But most importantly, you are a good man. You have a clean heart. You love your people and only wish good for them."
"That is the precise reason I don't want to bring war upon them. The turn of the loop is upon us. If Solomon's true heir is alive and has the amulet, he will claim what is rightfully his. If I deny him, there will be a war. And I don't want any more blood on my hands."
Big mistake. A costly slip of the tongue. Julian knew Miriam was too sharp to not notice that little discrepancy in his sentence.
"More blood? What do you mean by that?"
Julian felt it was time to unburden himself.  Time to share his darkest secret with the person he loved the most.
Julian hung his head. He wasn’t able to look into Miriam’s eyes when he told her about how he turned Banishment into the Drowning. He was on the verge of breaking down. "My mother came up with this wretched idea of the Drowning. She said that with the turn of the loop upon us, we shouldn't take any chance. If we can't find the amulet then we must make sure that there was no worthy bearer alive to unleash its powers." 
He knew she was going to loathe him. “I was just fifteen when I became the king. I didn’t want to kill people but didn’t want to lose my throne as well and this looked like the only solution.” Julian made one last attempt to convince his wife.
Miriam patiently heard his story and then quietly walked away from him. While still looking away, Miriam said something that took made Julian’s mouth fall open. "That was quite a bold move from you. And no need to feel guilty about that. Those treacherous rebels deserved that."
Is that a taunt? Or is she serious? 
Miriam turned towards her husband. "And why do you worry about Solomon’s heir? People banished the last Solomon king. If his true heir is still alive, he has no real claim on this throne."
"But he still might have the amulet. He might use it against us in the war."
"You are the King of two worlds. Although Tenebra is technically not your kingdom, everything in that world happens as per your wish. You command thousands of men. You have an army, you have weapons and yet you fear an amulet? An artifact which no one has seen for ages. We are not even sure that it exists. I know there are hundreds of stories about it, but most of those stories are so mixed up with fiction that it is hard to tell them apart."
"I have a good enough reason to believe that this amulet exists." Julian told Miriam about the latest incident in Tenebra and the message he received from there. "Something very unusual occurred during the Drowning and that could only possibly happen because of that amulet. Although the reports aren’t conclusive, I firmly believe that Solomon's heir has teamed up with the people of that world in their fight against us. And he has the powers of that amulet at his disposal."
Miriam tilted her head back and closed her eyes. There was a long pause before she spoke. "Even if that amulet exists, we must not fear it. We have resources good enough to nullify its effects."
"You suggest that we must fight Solomon’s heir if he shows up?" 
"Of course. What other options do we have?"
Julian began pacing around the balcony. "War will lead to enormous bloodshed. I can't bear the burden of that many lives on my soul." 
"We have exploited their world for seven cycles. If we don't fight, they will take over our world and abuse our people just like we abused them. And their oppression will be filled with vengeance. We may avoid bloodshed but we will condemn our people to a life of misery. We don't have a choice. That choice was taken away by the previous kings. We have to conclude what they began."
Julian took his wife to the front of the balcony and gestured towards the magnificent city. "Look at this beautiful Aurae. It will be ruined by the war. Is there no other way?"
Miriam paused for a moment. "We don't have to fight this war in this world at all. To come here, our enemies have to first breach our base in Tenebra. We must reinforce our base with such a large army that all their forces, and that amulet if it exists in that world, shouldn’t be able to overcome it. We must ensure that our enemies never arrive at our doorsteps."
"But most of the Adeners want me to shut down that base. Tell me, who will support my decision of sending an even larger army there?"
A sinister smile spread across Miriam’s face. It was clear that she was thoroughly enjoying the power to have a say in the policy matters of this world. "Fear is the biggest motivator. Samuel, the last Solomon king, used fear to assemble troops seven cycles ago. We will do the same."
"Samuel sent troops there and lost his crown. What if the same happens with me?" 
"Samuel was an emotional fool. He got carried away and used the Right of the King. We will not commit any such idiocies but will do everything with the Council's consent. I think you know how to manipulate the members of the Council to vote in your favor."
Julian never knew that his wife had this shrewd side. She looked exhilarated by this power which gave her a chance to decide the fate of millions. "I think I can take care of the Council."
Julian saw a spark in Miriam’s eyes. He had no idea that very soon she was going to take one bold step that was going to completely change the dynamics of this game. "Once everything falls in place, we will use this situation to our advantage. After quashing our enemies we will project you as the Savior who saved this world from the monsters of Tenebra. After this victory, all those murmurs about your rule will fade away. No one will call you the usurper. You will be the true king and our children the line of true kings."
"Do you think this throne is worth all this war and bloodshed?" 
Miriam held Julian in a tight embrace. She brought her lips near his ears so that he could feel the warmth of her breaths. "You have to believe that whatever you are doing, you are doing it for Aden and Adeners. You have no other choice. You have to make this plan work for this world and its people. You have to pull this off for me. You have to do this for our children."
Julian felt his worries disappear in his wife's arms. Miriam's assertive approach to this situation had instilled new confidence in him. His mind cleared up and a sense of purpose buried his guilty conscience.
This wasn’t the time for worrying. This was the time to set wheels in motion. Time to lay down the foundations for a new legacy.





Chapter Five
The Other World
When Destiny raises a hero, the whole world bows its head
Aden. 
4L 21/15/1/1
Should I be happy that I didn’t drown or confused that why the hell I didn’t?
Bizarreness was becoming a part of Solomon’s life. He had expected himself to drown in the whirlpool, instead, he emerged into relatively calm waters. When he swam ashore and looked around, the whirlpool and the wooden bridge were no longer there. In fact, he was in an entirely different place. Solomon kept walking along the riverbank to get as far away from his enemies as he could, but there was something creepy about this journey. He didn’t see a single soul even after walking for hours. 
Where is everyone? Where are the village and settlements?
Elisium stretched for thousands of miles from the snowy mountains in the north to the large peninsula in the south, most of these regions were sparsely populated. A majority of Elisium’s towns and villages were located in the Central plains around the Capital. After his great-grandfather, King David established the kingdom of Elisium, hundreds of settlements cropped up along the shores of river Vinum. This region was the beating heart of Elisium. And yet, after traveling for tens of miles he didn’t come across a single village. 
This is some freakish nightmare. I am going to wake up soon.
Solomon collapsed under a tree to rest his tiring legs. In trying to get away from his enemies, he hadn’t even got a chance to reflect on the events of that day. 
Fourteenth birthday. The day that was supposed to become the most important one of my life. And what did I get? My father got murdered, probably my mother as well. Every single thing dear to me got snatched away from me. Is grief the only thing destiny has in store for me?
Tears welled up in his eyes. He felt his heart will tear apart but the bliss of sleep engulfed him and momentarily took away his pain.
Solomon was jolted by a kick in his side. He woke up with a start to find two spears pointing at his face. "Who are you? Why are you lying under the open skies during the days of darkness?" One of the men who had surrounded him asked.
Another man bent down and touched his silky robes. "He looks like one of those rich brats from upstream. I have never seen such shining soft clothes in my life."
The first guy this time kicked him in his gut. "Tell us who are you?"
Solomon doubled over. Robbers? The last thing I want.
An elderly man stepped forward. "Leave him alone, Aaron. Can't you read a person's expressions? This young man looks confused and frightened, and I assume he is hungry as well. Take him with us to our village."
Aaron shook his head. "But father we don't even know who he is. He could be a thief. Or a robber. Or someone with evil plans."
Solomon saw the old man scan him with a deep long stare. It made his hair stand on end. He felt as if he was looking right through his flesh and peeping into his soul. "This young man is far from evil. He doesn't have any plans, but I am sure destiny has some plans for him."
Solomon was helped on his feet and taken to a small village lying amidst acres of lush green farms. There was something odd about this place. Everything in this village, its houses, farms, carts, tools, even the clothes of the people looked from some bygone era. 
How can such an ancient-looking village exist so close to the capital? Did my leap bring me back in time? The way weird things are happening in my life I can’t even rule that out.
Solomon tried to overhear conversations to pick any news about the Capital, but there was no mention at all of the grand ceremony or the king’s assassination. The amulet kept twitching around his neck and that mysterious voice kept throwing some vague ideas at his mind. He nervously looked towards the planet hanging above his head.
This can’t be true. Yes, nothing around me is making sense but even then this is too bizarre.
The villagers gave him some food and a fresh set of clothes. Although Solomon was used to the sumptuous feasts prepared by the Palace cooks, he had tasted the local food many times and the food here tasted nothing like that. It was dull and bland. Very little spices and herbs, some watery soup, and a bowl of plain rice. Once he had somehow managed to finish his food, he was taken to the elders of the village. The old man, who had earlier saved him from the beating, was also present there. "I think you must be feeling a little better. Now my brothers here want to know where do you come from?"
I certainly can’t tell them that I am the prince of the slain king. I need some time to understand the situation. But what do I tell them? What about Memory loss? Cousin Ronald had suffered a temporary memory loss due to a head injury. 
Solomon snapped his fingers in quick succession. "God! I don't know. What I remember is that I fell off a cliff into the river and was washed away by the strong currents. I fell unconscious and when I opened my eyes I was lying on these banks. Since last night I am trying to remember who I am? What is my name? Where did I come from? But I can't remember anything." 
The head of this small council leaned back in his chair and looked skywards. "Head injuries can sometimes mess up the brain. It seems you are a God-sent guest to us and we cannot leave anyone without shelter during the days of darkness. Our priest Peter," he pointed to the old man, "has volunteered to keep you in his house. You can stay there till you remember something about your past."
Peter once again looked at Solomon from head to toe. "He may not want to remember the past at all. Sometimes letting go of the past is the best way to control the future."
"He doesn't even remember his name, what shall we call him?" One of the elders asked.
A peculiar smile spread across Peter’s face. "Solomon. I think this name will suit him." 
Peter’s smile was much more unsettling than his mysterious stares. 
This old man surely knows something and I badly need some answers.
Solomon confronted Peter the moment they returned to their house. "How do you know my name?" 
"I don’t. Solomon was the name of my young son who died a few years ago. However, I do know that you haven't forgotten your name or anything else for that matter. You are just a little confused as you don't know what you are supposed to do with that amulet around your neck."
What the hell. I am pretty sure I have kept the amulet hidden under my clothes and no one has seen it. How does Peter know about it?
Peter smiled again. "It is quite astonishing that this amulet passes down generations after generations, in a perfectly planned manner, but when it reaches the person who can unleash its full powers, that person knows nothing about it" 
Finally, I am going to get some answers. Solomon removed the amulet from under his shirt. "What is this amulet? And what I am supposed to do with it?" He was again snapping his fingers.
"That is the Amulet of Transition." 
"Amulet of Transition? What is a Transition?" 
"As per the legends that have passed down the generations, at the turn of every loop there is a Transition of power. Not from one person to another but from one world to another.”
“One world to another? You mean there are two worlds?”
“I thought you have guessed that by now. You are in Aden right now. The twin sister of Tenbra, but I guess your world has a better name than that.” 
Solomon slumped in a chair and held his head in his hand. So all those whispers were right. My leap into the whirlpool did take me from one world to another.
 “Elisium is the name of my world,” he mumbled.
Peter put a hand on Solomon’s shoulder. “I know it is hard for you to process all this, but destiny has chosen you. You had to anyhow reach this world to trigger the Transition.”
 God! Destiny. Is that the explanation I am going to get for all my losses?
“What the hell is this Transition you keep talking about.”
“After every twenty-one cycles, when the loop turns, the balance between the two worlds shifts. The brighter world becomes darker, and the darker one comes out of the shadows.”
“What do you mean by coming out of shadows?”
“Everything begins to transform in the world that comes out of the darkness. Natural things, like the trees, the landscapes, the rivers, even the days become brighter. There is a similar change in things that cannot be seen by the eyes, like the consciences of people, the pool of knowledge, and other aspects that impact the overall development of a society. For one whole loop, this previously dark underdeveloped world starts to climb the ladders of prosperity, whereas its already developed counterpart enters a period of hibernation."
Solomon still couldn’t believe that he was in another world, but for now, his curiosity took over him. "Bright world and the dark world, quite interesting. But what exactly brightens one world and pushes the other into the darkness?"
"Some learned men said that at the turn of every loop, one of our twin systems comes out of the cosmic shadows while the other enters it. And this cosmic phenomenon affects their fortunes. It is a system devised by the Lords of Nature to keep our worlds in balance. Some people call it the Dance of Two Sisters."
"You mean to say Elisium will now enter the shadows and your world will come out of it? And their fortunes will change because of this so-called Transition?"
Peter nodded. "These are all legends that have carried down cycles after cycles. However, the truth has got so much mixed with the fantasy that it is hard to tell them apart. Very few people believe in these stories. But being a priest I do believe in miracles."
Solomon held the locket in his hand. “And what this amulet has to do with this Transition?”
“This amulet gives the Transitioners otherworldly powers to bring the Transition. This amulet helps him change the fortunes of these worlds.”
Solomon shook the amulet. "Oh my God! Do you really think that the fortunes of this world will change due to this locket? This amulet was in my neck when I lost everything I had. It was there when my father was murdered. It was there when I ran for my life and left my helpless mother behind. I am sorry to shatter your hopes, but I don't think this amulet has the powers to do anything."
"I will tell you a story. Around the end of the second loop, Abraham The Believer, who was about the same age as you, rose to prominence in Aden. Nobody knew about his roots. It was as if he had appeared out of thin air. He showed miracles, performed unimaginable tasks, and brought people together to lay down the foundation of a prosperous civilization. Then towards the end of the third loop, some corrupt nobles killed Abraham's descendant Graham The Generous. On the very same day, Graham's son David, who must again have been of the same age as you, disappeared, and since then this world has gone into a slumber. Does this story sound familiar?”
Hell! This is exactly what happened in Elisium during the last loop. Great-grandpa David, probably the same David that disappeared from this world, appeared in the other world. Just like Abraham in Aden, he formed an empire in Elisium. Then towards the end of the loop, David’s heir, my father, was murdered, and I leaped from that world into this one. This looks like an ever-going cycle, an unending loop. 
Peter looked into Solomon’s eyes. “I think now you can understand why your appearance out of thin air, wearing that locket, got me excited. Because that made me believe that all those legends could be true. It gave me hope for a Transition. And this world needs hope because hope can do miracles."
Both men were so deeply engrossed in their conversation that they had become oblivious to their surroundings. Aaron suddenly barged into the house. "Father, an enormous tornado is moving towards our village. I think these days of darkness are going to consume us this time."
Solomon and Peter rushed out of the house. The winds were so strong that they felt that they were going to be blown off their feet.
"We must go back inside the house and pray that it somehow withstands this tornado," Aaron shouted over the howling of the strong winds.
Peter hurried towards his house but Solomon stayed put.
“You must stay here.” Solomon again heard that voice.
"Hey, hurry up or you'll be blown away," Aaron bellowed.
Solomon didn’t budge. His finger-snapping was now rhythmic. Aaron angrily walked towards Solomon to drag him in, but Peter stopped him. He held his breath in anticipation. Something extraordinary was about to happen.
“That tornado is meant for you,” said the mysterious voice.
Solomon stared at the tornado. It didn’t frighten him. He felt so relaxed. There was no panic, no confusion, only a serene calm. He felt drawn towards the tornado. Solomon started walking towards it as if he was in a trance. And the tornado that was so far moving at a steady speed suddenly rushed towards Solomon, like a fighter charges at his opponent inside an arena. Solomon closed his eyes as the tornado engulfed him. 
Peter and Aaron watched with wide eyes as the tornado swirled around Solomon. Within a few seconds, it lost its energy, grew weak, and completely dissipated. Solomon was standing on his spot. Unflustered. Solid like a rock. Glowing like a moon. His eyes were still closed. And the amulet, dangling out of his shirt, was shining like a bright star.
Solomon felt the tremendous energy of the tornado course through his veins. Something inside him had awakened. There was a profound clarity in his thoughts. He could see everything from a very different perspective. A cloud had cleared from his mind. 
What Peter says is true. This isn’t a dream or a fantasy. This is my reality. My destiny. My coming to this world has a purpose.   
Finally, David, Abraham, Noah, and Adam the first, had awakened within Solomon. He was no longer the baffled boy who had jumped into the whirlpool, he was now the man chosen by destiny. The Transitioner had risen.
Residents of Peter’s village were confounded by the sudden disappearance of the tornado. When Peter told them what had just happened, they dropped to their knees.
When Destiny raises a hero, the whole world bows its head.
The tornado was just the start of Solomon's adventures in the other world. It was the beginning of the rise of Solomon. Beginning of a journey that was going to flip the fortunes of the two worlds.




Chapter Six
Solomon and Moses
Success is the only path one can choose when a failure is no longer an option
Elisium
5L 21/15/1/1
"I’m Moses, not Solomon." 
Moses said through clenched teeth. First Joseph and now this man. The Crossing has messed up people’s brains.
The leader of the group extended his hand towards Moses. "Hello, I am George. And you all are in Elisium, as you expected to be. Your captors had certainly planned to send you directly to heaven, but quite miraculously you survived the journey. We were quite astonished to see you guys emerge out of the water, but after seeing you I am not surprised anymore."
Moses rolled his eyes. "But I’m still as confused as before. Can I get some answers?" 
"Son, it is a very long story but we must quickly leave this place. We don't want any of those looters to return and throw you all back into the river." 
George looked at his men. "Brothers, each one of you will carry a person on his horse. We should reach the Refuge before sunrise."
Going with strangers? They look friendly and what other options do you have in this unfamiliar world? Rather take your chances with them than becoming a feast for the beasts. 
Moses agreed to go and the other survivors followed his lead. Just before dawn, they entered a beautiful valley surrounded by rugged mountains. A large lake adorned the center of this valley and thousands of shanties, cabins, and huts were built around it in a shambolic manner. It looked as if people came to this place and built a shanty wherever they liked. Moses looked at this huge, chaotic, jumbled mess. After having spent all his life in the intricately designed opulent capital of Aden, Moses couldn’t even have imagined a place like this. From every aspect, this settlement was the exact opposite of Aurae.
Their caravan stopped in front of a large worn-out building and they entered it through a small door. "Friends, I thought I must first bring you all to this place. There is a chance that here you might find someone you know," Geroge said to the survivors.
Some old men were seated around a large dining table inside the cabin. Joseph went near a person who must have been in the early years of his fourth cycle. Joseph had last seen this man two cycles ago when he was just three years old. It was hard to say whether this was the same man. "Father," Joseph said in a quivering voice.
The old man looked at Joseph from top to bottom. "Joseph!" Jacob cried as he recognized his son. "Well, you know I had lost all hopes of seeing you. I thought you might be amongst those who drowned in the last two cycles." Jacob embraced his son in a tight hug.
"I hid for two cycles but they eventually caught me." 
"When they banished me you were a toddler, but now you look like a copy of me in my younger days."
George's eyes were moist seeing this father-son reunion. "Your father's Banishment was the last instance in which Aden’s soldiers did bring the prisoners to the banks." 
"What did they do after saving them?" Moses asked.
Jacob answered his query. "Well, they took us deep into the jungles and set us free to get lost in the wilderness. The banished in the earlier cycles never made out of that forest. But in the last few cycles, these lovely people of Elisium rescued the prisoners and gave them shelter in the Refuge."
"We realized that all these banished people are just like us, innocents oppressed by the tyrants. Besides that, bringing these people here had a few other benefits." George’s cheeks turned pink when he said that.
Why is he blushing? What's wrong with him?
Jacob chuckled. "Don’t look at him like that. Well, he fell in love with my cousin Cynthia who was the first woman ever to be banished. Cynthia made pulp of a few soldiers who had come to abduct her brother and the regime decided to banish her instead. A girl who can beat the hell out of some soldiers was too dangerous for Aden. She was just fifteen when she was banished with me. George has a penchant for rebellious people so he instantly fell in love with this free-spirited girl. They are the first, and so far the only, cross-world couple."
George audibly cleared his throat. "My friend, I was not talking about that benefit. What I meant was that by bringing in these survivors we get some useful information about the other world. Some of them like Jacob and Nathan have been a great help. But it seems that the end of this loop is getting on the nerves of these despots. That is why they are drowning the heirs of Solomon. They don't want a repeat of what has happened at the turn of every other loop so far. They desperately want to avoid the Transition."
"What happens at the turn of the loop?" Moses asked snapping his fingers in quick small bursts.
"Well, have you ever heard about the Amulet of Transition?"  Jacob asked Moses.  
Moses inadvertently touched the amulet under his shirt but shook his head. Jacob saw his uneasiness but chose to ignore it and explained the theory of Transition to him.
"But what the Amulet has to do with this all?" Moses asked the question that mattered the most.
Jacob gave a knowing smile and scanned Moses from head to toe. "Well, you know as per the legends, this Transition is triggered by the person who possesses the Amulet of Transition. First Noah, then Abraham, then David, and then Solomon triggered this Transition. They all belonged to the lineage of Adam the First, who forged that amulet. Now someone from the same lineage, our lineage, should unleash the powers of this amulet to trigger the next Transition."
Joseph clapped his hand. "Wow! I never knew our family had such a great history." 
"Yes, and that is also the reason why they are hunting down every one of us. These stories say that all these Transitioners were born on the first day of darkness at the beginning of the twenty-first cycle in their respective loops."
That date reminded George of something. "My daughter Jennifer was born on that exact date. The first day of adversity at the beginning of this cycle. She is also a descendant of Solomon, from her mother's side of course. Could she be the one?"
Jacob shook his head. "No, because we are strictly talking about men here. There have been no female Transitioners. And according to the legends, all these Transitioners arrived in the other world when they were fourteen. Their leaps kickstarted the chain of events for the Transition. You know if all this is true, the next Transitioner should now be the age of this young man," Jacob said pointing towards Moses.
Everyone in the room stared at Moses. Moses didn’t know what to say. He just kept snapping his fingers.
George narrowed his eyes. “Son, will you stop doing that. My daughter does that as well and I feel like someone is hammering my brain.”
Jacob turned to his son. "Well, tell me how did you escape the Drowning? Surviving that death trap is a miracle in itself."
Joseph cast an apologetic glance towards Moses and told everyone about what he saw during the drowning. The jets of fire and Moses making that iron gate fly. Now all eyes were firmly on Moses.
George came near him. "Do you know why I called you Solomon the first time I saw you? My great-grandfather Geoffrey was a skilled painter. Twenty-one cycles ago King Isaac had asked him to make a portrait of Solomon. Isaac wanted to gift this portrait to his son on his fourteenth birthday. But as it turned out, King Isaac and his wife were murdered, whereas Solomon mysteriously disappeared. The portrait never reached the person it was meant for and it just passed down the generations in our family. Come, let me show you that portrait."
George took Moses to a small room adjoining the dining hall. It looked like an office. George pointed to the wall behind his working desk. "Now see this for yourself."
A life-size portrait hung on the wall. Moses’s mouth fell wide open as he looked at himself dressed in lavish royal robes. The painting was a masterclass and it captured every little detail. 
Broad shoulders, muscular build, firm jaw, green eyes, and a handsome face artistically sculpted by nature. Damn, just like you he even has a mole on his left chin. This person doesn’t look like you, he is you. Exactly the same. Inch by inch and hair by hair.
Moses’s head started to spin. He held onto a table for support. "I’m no Solomon. I wasn't even able to save myself from getting banished and you expect me to change fortunes of two worlds?"
"Well, that amulet in your neck will give you the power to do that."
Moses removed the amulet and put it down on a table. "Take this and do whatever you want with it. I don't want any of this. I just want to return to my world, my home. I just want to see my mother, my family."
Jacob put a hand around Moses's shoulder. "You know that is what we all want. We all want our home back. But the only road back is by destroying our enemies. Believe me, this Transition is the only way to regain that lost paradise."
An eerie silence hung in the room as everyone reflected on the situation. People like Jacob and George had eagerly waited for this moment, for the arrival of the savior. Whereas for Moses this all was too overwhelming.
Joseph tried to diffuse the tension. "So just like Arthur found Argus, there must be someone who looks exactly like me, roaming around in this world? I am dying to meet my duplicate."
Jacob dashed his son’s hopes. "Well, you won't find one my boy. We are descendants of Solomon, who jumped from Elisium to Aden and started his lineage in Aden. As a result, there wasn't a copy of Solomon left in this world. So his lineage doesn't exist here."
"Then there must’ve been two Solomons in Aden, one that arrived from here and one that was already there?" Moses asked.
"That is a good observation, but the answer is still no. It wasn't that way as well. The lineage of Adam the first only exists in one world at a time, the brighter of the two worlds. One way or the other, it gets completely erased from the dark world. When Isaac was assassinated, all his brothers and cousins loyal to him were systematically executed. Whereas the cousins who had plotted against him were killed in the Catastrophe. No one from that lineage survived other than Solomon, who unleashed the Catastrophe and returned to Aden. So, my dear Joseph, you won't find your copy in this world. And I think that both the worlds would be thankful that they don't have to endure two samples like you." Everyone in the room burst out laughing.
Moses quickly fired another question that was nibbling at the back of his mind. "You said that Aden and Elisium are identical, but I find this world very different. The lands, the houses, the people, their appearance, everything looks ragged. Worn out. In shambles. Take for example this very place, The Refuge, there’s no such settlement in Aden. So how’s this world similar to ours?"
"Well, you know this is because something happened in this loop that had never happened before. In the previous loops, no one other than the Transitioners had leaped from one world to another. But this time around someone jumped from Aden to Elisium in the middle of the loop. And when this person returned to his world, with all the information he had gathered, he inadvertently triggered a chain of events that messed up everything."
Moses twisted his lips. "You mean to say that Elisium’s in this condition because one person leaped into this world at the wrong juncture in the system of loops?"
“Try and understand the whole process, Nature’s design. As per the theory of Transition, during every loop, the world in the shadows remains stagnant whereas the brighter world keeps developing. Then in the next loop, the underdeveloped world comes out of the shadows, and aided by the knowledge and powers of the Transitioner, goes past its counterpart in terms of evolution. This cycle keeps repeating itself.”
“So what changed this time around?” 
“Now due to Andrews’s little adventure, every seventh-year thousands of soldiers from the developed world use their advanced machinery and sophisticated weapons to wreak havoc in the darker world. For the first time in history, one world is getting exploited by the other. You know this world isn't stagnant anymore. It is deteriorating, and that too at a very fast pace. The looters of Aden have thrown this magnificent system of the gradual evolution of two worlds into chaos. Well, the perfectly choreographed dance of two sisters is no longer a dance, it is a battle. And Elisium is the one losing this battle."
George took Moses to a window and gestured towards the Refuge. "Son, you say that there is no settlement like the Refuge in Aden, that is simply because there are no refugees in Aden. This place is the last sanctuary for the people who have been driven away from their homes. You say people here look ragged. Yes, they do, because their beautiful homes, lush green farms, and their hopes for a respectable life have been snatched away from them. They struggle to provide their children with two proper meals. This life of suffering takes its toll."
Jacob came near Moses. "You know just like them, people in our world have suffered too and we are some prime examples. Andrews’s untimely leap messed up the whole process. Things meant to happen at the end of the loop happened in the middle. The righteous king was banished and his family was hunted down. Some gluttonous demons took over the reins of the brighter world and now they are trying to break this Wheel of Transition, once and for all.”
“But why are they against this Transition?” Moses’s fingers were snapping again.
“Well, they want to halt this Dance of Sisters to ensure that Aden stays on top and they can rule it forever. If Transition doesn't happen at the turn of this loop, this wheel will be broken forever. After seeing what they have done in the last few cycles, I can’t even imagine what they will do if they remain in power for the next whole loop. They will drain all the hopes and happiness out of this world. Elisium will truly turn into Tenebra, the dark world and there will be no way back for it. It will remain in the shadows for eternity and those tyrants will become true masters of the two worlds."
George dropped to his knees in front of Moses. "Son, your forefathers have kept this wheel moving and you must follow their footsteps. I know the odds are heavily against you, but you have the support and prayers of millions of oppressed men women, and children with you. Remember, the stakes have never been higher because the future of the two worlds depends on you. Many of us present here may not survive to see the dawn of freedom, but you have to lead these people towards a new light. You have to succeed because failure is not an option here."
George kissed Moses's right hand. "Let us pray for Moses, Moses the Savior."
Everyone in the room got up from their chairs, dropped to their knees, and chanted. "Moses the Savior." 
In a small room inside a shack, Moses was crowned the Savior. With that coronation, the burden of saving two worlds fell on his shoulders. 
There is a glimmer of hope in their eyes. Savior or not, you’re their last hope and you can't let them down. You must find a way to succeed because success is the only path one can choose when failure’s no longer an option.





Chapter Seven
The Ruins
One must be wary of his expectations because not all noble ideas lead to worthy results
Elisium
5L 14/15/1/1
“Andrews the Explorer is now about to explore another world. What will I be called now? Andrews the double explorer?”
Andrews tried to find a silver lining in his predicament, but his heart wanted to murder his mind for putting them in this situation.
The farmer was still there giving him some incredulous looks. "You don't look from this side of the world. Are you one of those rich merchants from upstream, who just know drinking and dancing and don’t even respect the days of adversity?"
“No, you idiot. I didn’t wash here from upstream. I dropped from another world.” Andrews wanted to yell but common sense prevailed and he went with the flow. “Yes, I got a little drunk and fell into the river."
"Thank your stars that I was passing by, or else you would have got lost in the Unending forests. Come, I will take you to my village and you can find your way back home from there." 
That seemed like a good option. Getting gobbled up by some hungry beasts wasn’t high on Andrews’s priority list. The farmer took him along and during their whole journey, he could hardly keep his mouth shut. In the beginning, this non-stop chatter annoyed Andrews who was preoccupied with his own problems but then he realized that this was a good way to know about Elisium. Andrews started to pay attention, asked questions, and gradually learned quite a few things about Elisium. 
It didn’t take long for Andrews to deduce that Elisium and Aden were very similar. The countings of cycles and loops, the landscapes, the river, the weather, the flora and fauna, almost everything was the same. Nevertheless, there was one major difference, the ever-present gloom. A looming shadow, which made everything appear dull. Andrews had heard those bizarre theories about the cosmic shadows affecting the worlds, but he wanted to have a closer look at this world before reaching any conclusions.
Andrews stayed in Droster, the farmer's village, for a few days to gather some more information and then set out on a journey to explore Elisium. He traveled to the far ends of this world, visited different settlements, met countless people, and in a couple of years, knew more about Elisium than any Elisian.
During this journey, Andrews discovered that although Aden and Elisium were physically quite similar, they were a world apart in terms of development. This difference was so glaring that it overshadowed the similarities. 
Andrews knew it was futile to compare a world that used oil lamps with a world that dazzled with electric lights. Horse carts couldn’t compete with engine-powered vehicles either. Telephone versus pigeons? The similarities dropped dead then and there. Aden was futuristic whereas Elisium was stuck in the past. They were like two twins who had vastly different upbringings. One dressed in princely robes lived a lavish life, while the other, covered in rags, struggled to make the ends meet. 
But what created such a huge gulf between the two sisters. During his travels, Andrews had heard different stories about how this flourishing civilization disintegrated into many small fragments after the catastrophic events at the turn of the loop. Since then, in the last fourteen cycles, there was no development, only deterioration. While Aden was transforming itself into a highly developed society under the Solomon kings, Elisium failed to overcome the shock of the Catastrophe and went into a tailspin.
At last, Andrews’s exploration of Elisium concluded in the city that was the heart of Elisium. The Capital would have been the replica of Aurae if not for a terrible disaster that turned it into the Ruins.
It was pretty evident why this place was called the Ruins. Remains of what might have been magnificent monuments and spectacular palaces were now surrounded by small houses, narrow alleys, and crowded markets.
Andrews got himself a place to stay and then started to explore the Ruins. This city was reminiscent of Elisium's splendid past and also a testament to its inert present. Just like every other place in Elisium, people here sleepwalked through their routines. There was no inclination to do something different or aspiration to achieve some goal. There was no sense of purpose in their lives. This whole world was in a deep slumber. It needed someone to shake it up.
The Ruins was filled with mementos of glorious history, but other than that, there was nothing different from the rest of Elisium. Andrews felt he had seen it all. However, the intricate artistry of nature had one big surprise up its sleeves.
A couple of days after he arrived in the city, Andrews entered a famous tavern. And there, in this world full of strangers, he met someone who looked familiar. Andrews couldn’t believe his eyes when he noticed the person sitting on the opposite chair. 
That person rubbed his eyes as well. "I don't drink but my mind is still playing tricks on me."
Andrews couldn’t stop himself from staring at himself. "Same here. Holy God, this is something quite astonishing,"
Andrews’s duplicate touched Andrews and then pinched himself. "Okay, you are not a ghost and I am not dreaming.”
“Yes, this is real and this is bizarre. Abnormal. Surreal. Even freakish.”
“Don’t all those words mean the same?”
“They are synonyms but they have their differences. Similar but not identical. But that is not the case with us. We look identical.”
“Whatever. Anyways, I am Matthews. People say I can’t keep my mouth shut but today for the first time in my life I am at a loss for words. Tell me you are not one of those black magicians who can steal other people’s identity."
"No, I am not a magician. I am Andrews, a scientist, astronomer, mathematician, explorer, and a couple of other things which I cant remember. You can understand I am a little shaken? I have wandered around this whole world but nothing gave me a shock as you did." 
"I too wanted to see this world, but it looks pretty hopeless, so I canceled my plans. Now tell me, did you find anything interesting in our gloomy world?"
Andrews settled down in his chair and soon they were both engrossed in a conversation. They felt like long-lost brothers. They just didn’t have identical faces, their interests, habits, hobbies, likes, dislikes, almost everything was the same.
Their chat went on till the sunset and then Matthews came up with an idea. "You must come to my house and meet my parents. I must ask them if I had a twin brother which they lost somewhere." 
Andrews agreed to join Matthews for the dinner. He wanted to see if destiny had any more hidden surprises for him. 
If meeting Matthews had stunned Andrews, seeing his family left him flabbergasted. Matthews's father was the exact copy of his father to the extent of the number of greying hairs on their heads. Matthews’s mother resembled his mother even in her habit of stroking her nose every few seconds.
But this wasn’t all. Andrews almost fainted when he met Matthews’s wife and two kids. Sherlyn tied her hair just the way Suzanne did for Andrews. Her smile formed a dimple in only her left cheek and she too cleared her throat now and then. Sherlyn was Suzanne, from every single aspect. Just like his son Graham, Gabriel was always surrounded by books and little Laura here created the same ruckus as Lily in Aden. They didn’t just have the same faces or physical features, they matched them in every single trait. Every little detail. 
Andrews’s head was spinning. How could this even be possible? He would have passed off meeting his duplicate as a coincidence, but now he had a whole family of duplicates. Andrews knew he won’t get peace until he had unraveled this whole mystery.
This little meeting gave Andrews’s research a new direction. He examined all his notes, charts, and maps which he had made during his explorations. After a comprehensive study, Andrews reached a stunning conclusion. Elisium wasn't similar to Aden, it was its exact replica. A mirror image. Everything that existed in Aden existed in this world as well. Rocks, minerals, animals, trees, mountains, rivers, roads, every single thing in Aden had a copy in Elisium, and that too at the same location and almost in the same form, shape, and size.
However, the thing that stumped him was the existence of identical sets of people in two different worlds. In the next few days, Andrews met the copies of hundreds of men, women, and children, whom he knew in Aurae. Duplicates of all his relatives, friends, colleagues, and neighbors roamed the alleys of the Ruins. Andrews saw enough evidence to safely conclude that the whole population in the two worlds was identical. All the humans in Aden and Elisium were exact copies of each other.
And there was more to it. After a detailed investigation, Andrews came to know that people in Elisium were born on the same days as their copies in Aden. They grew up in the same manner, had the same physical features, and even the same habits. Then things got even weirder. Andrews found out that a person in this world would end up marrying the copy of the same girl which his counterpart had married in the other world. Then they would go on to have kids which would be born on the same day as their duplicates in the other world and the cycle would go on and on, for generations after generations. 
This was one of the biggest marvels of nature. With this chain of events, identical lineages were maintained in Aden and Elisium and that resulted in the existence of identical human populations in both worlds. Destiny had created an intricate design to maintain this balance. Andrews wanted to learn the meaning behind this beautiful symphony.
Although this was Andrews’s biggest discovery yet, he was about to stumble on something that was going to have a much larger impact. 
A discovery that was not only going to change the course of the future but was also about to threaten this cycle of nature.
The whirlpool only appeared once in seven years and till then Andrews was stuck in Elisium. Buoyed by his new findings, Andrews decided to utilize this time to unravel more and more mysteries about the Two Sisters. He wanted to know everything about Elisium before he returned to his world.
One day Andrews came across something that had so far completely missed his attention. He noticed that areas in and around the Ruins, especially the damaged old monuments, were littered with strange dark stones. These rocks were of various sizes, from small pebbles to huge boulders. They had a burnt surface, but a very smooth texture. People in the Ruins used pieces of these rocks as fuel in their homes.
Andrews asked Matthews about them
"Yes, they seem to burn forever," Matthews said pointing to a piece of rock burning inside a fireplace in his house. "We are using this piece of rock for ages and it has barely reduced in size. You ignite them and they keep burning. You need to just pour some water on it to stop the fire. It is easy to use and we have an abundance of it. Every household here uses these Star-Rocks. Don't tell me they don't use this in your village."
"Household stuff is not exactly my forte. Now tell me why are these Star-Rocks found only in the Ruins? I have visited many places in this world but haven't seen them anywhere else."
Matthews looked at Andrews with wide eyes. "Are you really from this world or have you dropped down from Inferna? Even kids in this world know the history of Star-Rocks.”
Andrews shifted in his chair uncomfortably. “Knowledge is a vast ocean. Even the most accomplished explorers have to skip a few islands.” Heavy analogies always rescued Andrews whenever he was cornered.
“I think you have swum the seas of science for far too long, now it is time for you to plunge the oceans of history. And can we stop talking like that moron storyteller who lives down the street and just talk like normal sensible human beings?”
“Literature is art. It requires skill. Authors and poets are geniuses just like scientists.”
“I know you like literature but I will be honest with you. Your analogies suck, your one-liners are horrible and don’t even get me started on those prose you gave me to read.”
Andrews wrapped his arms around his chest. “Thanks for the review. Now can we stick to the topic of Star-Rocks?”
“Yes, I forgot. So, these Star-Rocks are only found in the Ruins because these very rocks turned the Capital into the Ruins. They are not found anywhere else because they don't belong to this world. They fell from the stars, and that is why they are called Star-Rocks."
Andrews leaned forward in his chair. “That sounds more interesting than a sci-fi bestseller.”
“What is a sci-fi bestseller?”
“Never mind. You just keep going.”
Matthews started narrating the events that transpired at the turn of the loop. He told Andrews about the battle of the Capital, the Demons from Hell, and the eventual Catastrophe. Matthews was quite a good narrator and just like Andrews, he loved details and knew more about this world's history than any other person he had met so far.
The very next day, Andrews brought a few Star-Rocks and began experimenting with them. The first thing he found out was that, as Matthews had said, these rocks didn't belong to this planet. Their chemical composition was similar to nothing in both worlds. Nevertheless, he did discover that these rocks were storehouses of tremendous energy. The flames they produced while burning had extremely high temperatures and it exhausted very little matter. Under a controlled environment, a small piece of Star-Rock had the potential to release huge amounts of energy for a prolonged period.
Andrews kept all other things aside and busied himself with experiments on Star-Rocks. After hundreds of experiments, Andrews was certain that these Star-Rocks were perfect as fuel for their power plants. They were also safe for domestic use and could also be utilized for military purposes. In short, Star-Rocks had the potential to change the fortunes of both worlds.
Andrews knew about Aden’s crisis. Aden had undergone an immense transformation after the discovery of electricity in the early cycles of this loop. The subsequent inventions increased their dependency on electricity and they started running out of their fuel reserves. Nift, the liquid fuel, which powered everything in Aden, from the powerplants to the vehicles, was in scarce supply. The only reserves of Nift in the deserts north of Aurea and near the town of Agar were fast dwindling. The main goal behind Andrews's exploration to the far ends of Aden was to try and locate any new reserves of Nift, but that didn’t yield any desired results. 
The experts estimated that if new reserves, or any alternate sources of energy, weren’t discovered before the end of this loop, Aden would come to a grinding halt.
And now, just out of sheer luck, Andrews had stumbled upon an alternate source of energy. Star-Rocks were the answer to Aden’s biggest problem. These rocks were in abundance all around the Ruins. Even small rocks stored tremendous energy, so all they needed was to transport a few tons of these rocks during every Crossing. 
However, to make all this possible, Andrews needed to convince the people of Elisium to let them mine these rocks. Andrews firmly believed that nature created these identical worlds so that they can support and strengthen each other. He even devised a plan which would give both these worlds a chance to become truly identical from every single aspect. Andrews dreamed of harmoniously cooperating two friendly worlds, but he had no idea that this dream was going to turn into a nightmare.
Andrews had very lofty ideas but one must be wary of his expectations because not all noble ideas lead to worthy results. His discovery was a blessing for one world, but it was going to turn into a curse for the other.





Chapter Eight
The Conference of Transitioners
It only takes a moment of madness for an angel to turn into a demon
Aden 
4L 21/15/10/10
“Arise to the dawn of opportunity to witness the day of prosperity.”
Solomon’s slogan was heard everywhere as his wave of Renaissance swept across the world. Aden was like a sick child sleeping in the lap of mother nature and refusing to come out of its slumber. Since the time Adeners revolted against the Usurper who had killed Abraham’s heir at the beginning of this loop, Aden kept disintegrating into smaller fragments. Every settlement had its own set of rules. People rarely wandered out of their villages. A gloom of mistrust and suspicion shadowed their hearts. The notions of cooperation and harmony ceased to exist.
Solomon began his movement by trying to break the ice between these settlements. Peter provided him with counsel and support in his every step. Quite understandably, these settlements didn’t give him and Peter a grand reception, but Solomon hadn’t quite expected to sleep under open skies or go without food for days or have choicest of abuses hurled at them. Getting beaten up by some angry villagers was the height of it. 
 I need to show them the downsides of this prevalent system. Make them realize that every settlement is suffering from within because it is trying to survive on its own.
Having come from a developed society, Solomon knew the benefits of cooperation. He had to smash the barriers between these segments to turn them into one big world. This was no easy feat but Solomon had a strong will. And the Amulet of Transition. 
The human race is obsessed with miracles. They won’t trust in me until they witness a few.
A lightning strike absorbed by the amulet made the people of a village believe in Solomon. He added the residents of one the largest settlements in Aden to his followers by diverting a flood. Miracles continued, however, it was Solomon’s pure soul and compassionate nature that won the hearts.
Solomon also enhanced his reputation as a skilled administrator by filling the shortages of one settlement with surpluses of the other. Solomon once took the head of a large settlement, which had tonnes of grain lying idle in its storehouse, to a village that was going through a famine. Humanity and sympathy then took over. He brought healers, who didn’t get enough patients in their large towns, to practice in smaller settlements. When Mel flooded some low-lying villages, he somehow convinced the mountain people to take its residents as refugees. That was the beginning of healthy trade relations between mountains and plains. Grain found its way up the hills and lumber and minerals arrived in the plains.
Solomon set up common markets to allow villagers to sell their products for better returns. The Solomon coins got accepted in every corner of Aden. Through skill, determination and a few miracles, Solomon united Aden at an unbelievable pace.
The legends also played their part in Solomon’s rise. Solomon knew Adeners had heard the tales about the Amulet of Transition. Once his movement gathered momentum, a new story about the amulet surfaced every other day. Hope, facts, and fantasy teamed up to create some fascinating spiels but Solomon didn’t mind it. He rode the wave. He started wearing the amulet over his robe. The amulet had its charm. An aura. A pull. Many people bowed for Solomon the moment their eyes fell on the amulet. Others followed him when they witnessed the miracles. Even in this disconnected world, the tales of miracles spread like wildfire. 
The settlements, which once didn’t allow Solomon to enter, now welcomed him with open arms. Solomon invited leaders of many settlements to visit his towns and become a part of this fast-developing community. No one was forced to join his empire, but after seeing the rapid transformation of Aden, nobody wanted to be left behind. 
Then Solomon decided to build the heart of this empire. He selected the same spot where his forefather, Abraham the Believer, had built his capital. That place was now in ruins, only a large gateway and a long fortified wall had miraculously survived the tests of time. 
Solomon constructed residential complexes, large markets, and healing centers for the residents. People began migrating to this city in large numbers after they saw its beauty, facilities, and services. Solomon ensured that, despite its growth, the city maintained its charm. He built many opulent monuments like the House of Almighty, a large amphitheater, and the Grand Palace to add to its glamour. Beautiful gardens dotted every corner of the city. In no time, Aurae, the splendid capital of Aden, rose out of some ruins. Solomon had built Aurae in Aden exactly where the Capital was located in Elisium. It was very close to the spot where the whirlpool appeared every seventh year. 
I must stay close to the Eye of Tenebra. I have achieved my goal in this world. I have put it on the path of prosperity. And now I must take care of the unfinished business in the world of my birth. 
***
One fine morning, Peter came up with a suggestion. “You must choose a title for yourself. You are no longer a common young man. You are now a ruler who rules the hearts and minds of a whole world.” 
Tears welled up in Solomon’s eyes at the mention of the title. It reminded him of his mother and the last happy conversation he had with her. Those last moments of joy before his world was turned upside down. 
“How about Solomon, the Conqueror?” He said in a heavy voice.
“Very apt title. And I assume that has some emotional significance to you.”
He always sees right through me. Reads my mind. “My mother suggested it when I was in Elisium.”
“I am sure she will be proud of what you have achieved.”
A lump formed in his throat. “I don’t think she is alive to feel proud.” 
“I feel sorry for your loss. But if not for those unfortunate events you wouldn’t have arrived here and Aden wouldn’t have transformed. This is how destiny works.”
“Destiny is no excuse for the crimes of criminals. Those who wronged me will have to pay.” Solomon’s fingers were snapping again.
“What do you mean by that?”
“That only time will tell.”
Solomon wanted to achieve what no one else ever did, but when the noblest of intentions are mixed with personal vendettas they always lead to a Catastrophe.
***
Aden
5L 1/1/1/1 
Solomon stood on a cliff above the Eye of Tenebra. Fourteen cycles from now, Andrews will slip from the same cliff into the whirlpool and start the cycle of chaos.
A hundred men of upright honor and unwavering loyalty stood behind Solomon. He had carefully selected these men and trusted them with his life. Solomon had prepared them for a secret mission at the turn of the loop. He needed their help to bring the absolute Transition. Solomon looked at his soldiers and leaped. His loyal recruits followed him into the other world.
Solomon was happy to be back in the world of his birth. I have twenty-one days to complete my mission. And then these worlds will never see chaos again.
Solomon and his men started their journey towards the Capital. Despite the Transitions in the past, Elisium or Aden had never seen a full-fledged war. The darker world suffered stagnation but it never led to annihilation. However, Solomon had some other ideas. He wanted to pull both worlds out of the shadows and maintain this equilibrium forever. 
Solomon knew that after murdering his father, Thomas, his father’s cousin, the HighMinister of Aden and the second most powerful person in the empire would have taken over the throne. 
On his journey towards the Capital, Solomon found out how quickly this world had deteriorated under the new regime. People who lived prosperous lives under his ancestors’ rule were now struggling to make their ends meet. Heavy taxes were imposed on farmers and traders. The officers of the throne were given limitless rights which gave them a license to exploit the Elisians. While the corrupts built palaces, the commoners lost their farms. The two worlds had gone in opposite directions during the last seven years. Elisium had deteriorated even faster than Aden had developed. 
I achieved the impossible in Aden. I can set things right in his world. I have to stop this rot and also punish Thomas for his crimes.
***
"So, you have arrived in Elisium. You don't listen to my advice, do you?" David asked with a shake of his head. Six men were seated around a table in the dining room of the Grand palace of Elisium. It was the same place where Isaac had handed over the amulet to Solomon. The same place where Solomon had last seen his mother.
"Grandfather, you know my intentions are virtuous. I can set things straight once and forever," Solomon defended his move.
Adam the first, who always presided over these conferences, looked in the eyes of his great-grandson. "Intentions matter the most, my son. Your heart must be free from malice, hatred, and any evil notions if you truly intend the betterment of these worlds."
"Does wanting to punish a criminal for his crimes count as poor intentions?" 
"Punishment should be meted out for the betterment of society. But when punishment is mixed with a vengeance and a desire to settle a grudge it loses its nobility."
Isaac, who was sitting next to Solomon, took his hand in his. "What happened to me and your mother was a cruel twist of destiny. Don't let hatred rule over your heart. Don't let these emotions cloud your judgment."
Abraham put his arm around Solomon. "Son, what you have set out to achieve is something none of us, all great men of their time, even thought of doing. We were all so busy transforming the other world that none of us ever thought of going back to our first world."
David looked at the other aspect of it. "That also means that none of us ever faced off with the person who forced us into exile. So we can’t even guess what such a person might have turned into after having access to so much power and wealth."
Isaac audibly cleared his throat. "As far as I know, my cousin Thomas can give the Devil a run for his money. So my dear son, be prepared to face a demon from the lowest echelons of hell."
David had a piece of advice for his heir. "When you confront him, remember that steadying this world is your primary goal. You must let him go if that helps you avoid the bloodshed."
Adam pointed to the amulet around Solomon’s neck. "I forged this amulet during the turn of the very first loop. Its powers have no limit during the days of darkness. And it keeps on growing with the turn of every loop. It is a weapon that can wreak absolute havoc if handled by a muddled brain. A powerful weapon in the hands of a malicious mind is a certain recipe for disaster.”
Adam paused for a moment and closed his eyes. He was trying to decide whether to say something that came to his mind or not, but in the end, he let it come out. “Your great grandfather Noah came back to Aden, his original world. Not to stabilize it but to punish his culprits. And when his enemy decided to fight, Noah lost his temper. The floods caused by a Transitioner who wasn't able to control his anger almost drowned the whole Aden."
Noah banged the table and stood up from his chair. "I had kept my promise of not speaking a word in this conference, but you still had to mention the floods. You love recounting that incident and show me in a poor light whenever you get a chance. And don't exaggerate. The floods just submerged the areas around the capital and drowned the criminals. The world was much better without them anyway."
"Yes, the waters of the floods were specifically instructed by Noah to just drown the criminals and spare the innocents."
Noah’s face turned red. "I stopped the floods before it could do any massive damage."
"Thankfully you got your senses back before drowning the whole Aden.” Adam quickly turned to Solomon before Noah could say anything further.  “Anyways, the main point is that you have a very powerful weapon in your hand. The Transitioners were barred from returning to their original world after Noah's little adventure, but you have decided to break that tradition."
"Only Abraham and David didn't visit their original worlds, so that wasn't such a long-lasting tradition." Noah gave it back to Adam.
Adam ignored his comment and concentrated on Solomon. "Look into my eyes, Solomon.” Solomon looked into them. They twinkled like a star. He felt like he was looking into the unending depths of an ocean. He sensed Adam was searching through his mind. His hair stood on its end. “Solomon, remember that both light and darkness are within us. Extreme power can save lives, but can also destroy a whole world. It only takes a moment of madness for an angel to turn into a demon. During these days of extreme darkness, this amulet controlled by a gloomy heart could lead to a catastrophe."
Isaac came around and hugged his son. "I am sure you will make the right decisions."
Everyone stood up from their chairs and raised their right hands to bless Solomon, "May the Almighty be with you always. May he guide you in all your endeavors. God bless you."
The room vanished from his sight and Solomon woke up from his dream. He was drenched in sweat. Those parting words from Adam had shaken him up.
These Conference of Transitioners were a regularity since the day Solomon swallowed the tornado. His forefathers, all the previous Transitioners, visited him in these visions and shared their experiences with him. Their experience and guidance had greatly helped Solomon in forging his vast empire in such a short time. 
Not everyone was in favor of Solomon when he expressed his desire to go back to Elisium. However, Solomon decided to go through with his plan, and now he was just a day's ride away from the Capital.
The extreme days of darkness were living up to their reputation. The thunderstorms were lashing out in full fury. The earth kept shaking. The whole universe was trembling in anticipation of what was about to happen.
Solomon looked in the direction of the capital. After a long wait, he was finally going to face his enemy.
Uncle Thomas here I came. Your fate lies in my hands.






Chapter Nine
David's Army
Revolutionaries don't need to be great warriors, but they must inspire people to fight for their cause
Elisium. 
5L 21/15/1/4
“Savior or not, I’ll fight for these people till the last drop of my blood. My every breath from now’s dedicated to Elisium and its people.”
Moses took this vow after he had a closer look at the Refuge and met its residents. During his tour of this settlement, he realized that this place was brimming with despair. Every alley, every corner, every house had its tales of miseries. Some had lost their sons. Others their houses. Many had their farms and lands snatched away from them. Every family had its own story of misfortune. The Refuge was an abode, where people shared their suffering with the hope that one day this will all come to an end.
To fight for these people you have to understand this world. Learn every detail. Know how this whole Transition works.
Moses spent a lot of time with Jacob and George, trying to learn more about the two sisters. Arthur and Joseph also joined them in these chats where the two old men passed on their knowledge to the next generation.
One such morning, Moses fired a question at Jacob. "All your hopes of Transition are firmly based on the Dance theory. But what happens if it’s just that? A theory and nothing else. What if there’s nothing like a Transition and all that allegedly happened at the turn of loops were mere coincidences?"
"Well, you know we are two small worlds in this immense universe. Here we have a Dance of Two Sisters, maybe in some other place in this universe, there could be A Twirl of Maidens or some Symphony of Souls. I firmly believe that Nature has created beautiful symphonies in these systems. A balance, a harmony. And this Transition is just a way to preserve that balance."
What are you? A philosophy student? You keep asking such dumb questions and he’ll keep throwing more theories at you. Can’t you ask something more practical?" Okay, let’s assume that this Transition thing’s true and this amulet has real powers, which I don't know how to use yet, but our enemy’s too powerful and we cannot just rely on some magical artifact to win this war." That’s better. Now this old man won’t be shooting some mind-numbing supposition at you.
George answered Moses’s query. "Don't worry son, you are not fighting them alone. After a few failed rebellions, Elisians understood their best chance was to believe in the Transition and wait for the turn of the loop. Yes, a few generations got wasted, and not all of us might survive this war, but now when we strike our enemies we will ensure that our future generations do see the light of freedom."
"Well you know, with the turn of loop getting close, a bunch of honorable men, who believed that the only way their world can come out of this crisis is by fighting, formed David’s army. These men didn't want to fight headlessly and get massacred, so they started to train and build weapons. Slowly their numbers grew. David's army now has seven thousand soldiers. They are being trained by Nathan, one of us, the Solomons, and a former Commander of Aden’s army. When they came to know of Nathan’s roots they banished him and now he is using his inside knowledge to train our men. So don’t worry about fighting alone, you will have some good support." Jacob elaborated on his friend’s point.
"I don't know how to fight myself and you expect me to lead an army in a war?"
"Revolutionaries don't need to be great warriors, but they must inspire people to fight," Jacob narrated a famous quote which many people credited to Solomon. "George will lead David’s army, but you must be their beacon of hope because hope strengthens a person's will a hundredfold. When they look at you they must believe that they can win this war. As for your fighting skills, you have Solomon in you. I am sure you will surprise yourself when you take the battlefield."
"Since you mentioned Solomon, do you think I’m his reincarnation?" Moses asked the question that had been at the back of his mind since he saw the portrait of Solomon. Did you really have to ask that? Now brace yourself for a high dose of heavy propositions.
"Well, I don't know about reincarnation but I can see that you have Solomon in you. And for that fact David, Abraham, Noah, and Adam as well. They reside within you. And to win this war you will have to bring them to the fore."
Moses was about to say something but at that moment, Argus barged into the room and rushed towards George. "One of the survivors of the drowning has vanished.”
"Who?" 
Argus looked sheepish. "Arthur, the one who looked like me." 
"I had told you to confirm if all the survivors belonged to the Solomons," George shouted.
"We did that. And he provided us a perfect link to the Solomons. There was nothing suspicious about him."
"You know, if he was a real Solomon he wouldn't have had his copy in this world. Well, you missed the most basic rule of verification." 
Argus hung his head. "Yes, I think I got carried away on seeing my duplicate."
"But why would he disappear? Where he’d go?" Moses asked.
George grunted. "I assume he was a spy of Aden and he must now be headed towards their base with all our information. If that is true then we are in some serious trouble."
George sprung to action, called his officers, and gave out orders. There was a sense of urgency coupled with panic. 
Moses still couldn’t understand the reason behind all this scrambling. "Why we’re in such a panic? What did Arthur see in the last four days that the looters already don't know?" 
"Son, I have a list of such things. For starters, they don't know that for the first time in two cycles, the people sentenced to drowning didn't drown. And the reason behind their miraculous escape is a certain amulet that the regime has been desperately searching for for the last seven cycles. Don't you think this information is potential enough for them to trigger some dramatic response?"
"So you think when Arthur tells them about the amulet they’re going to come after me?" 
"Well, you know that is not the only problem. Another issue is that they don't know about the Refuge. This settlement is built inland, way off the roads which the armies of Aden use regularly. They don't know that all the people whom they have driven away from their homes have gathered in a single place and are now planning a rebellion. They don't know about David's army, nor about the weapons. They are so much blinded by the overconfidence in their oppressive tactics that they have become lousy in their surveillance and have no idea about the storm which is brewing in the Refuge."
"But if we’re preparing to wage a war against them, sooner or later we’ll have to fight them. So why not now?" 
George sighed. "Because we are not fully prepared to fight them at this moment. The biggest weapon we have is not ready.”
“And what’s that weapon?”
“You, my son. You still need time to understand the powers of your amulet. During the turn of the loop, its powers will be at their peak. By that time we will also have developed a much larger army and produced many more weapons. We need to play a waiting game because we can't win this war right now."
He’s right. You don’t know a damn thing about how this amulet works. You almost drowned despite it being in your neck. If you go to a battle right now you’ll only end up with a bullet in your head.
Jacob raised another concern. "And you know, we can't fight this war inside a settlement filled with innocent people. It would be a complete bloodbath. People of this world have seen the demonic form of Aden's army seven cycles ago. Back then they didn't hesitate to use their weapons even on women and children and I don't think they will deter from doing it again. We can't lead them to the Refuge and let Rivers of Blood flow in this world all over again."
George bit his lips. His whole world was at stake. "We have to stop Arthur at any cost." 
***
Arthur looked over his shoulder to check for any movements around him. He swiftly moved into the shadows towards the nearest check post of Aden’s army.
He had a quick mental recap of what happened during the drowning. He will have to narrate it to the officers. He remembered how he was seconds away from using the secret key provided to him to unlock his chains when he saw jets of fire. Then Moses kicked the door open. 
During his training, his seniors had told him that nothing unusual had happened in the last two cycles and all previous spies had used their keys to set themselves free. If something extraordinary did happen this time, Arthur was instructed to go with the flow and stick with the group. He was given a fake identity with specific details to prove that he was a Solomon. He was provided with updated maps of Elisium to find his way to the base. His mission briefings were very precise. If the banished somehow survived the drowning, he must see what they are up to, gather as much information as he can and return to the base before the seventh day of darkness. If nothing such happens he must head straight to the base.
Arthur wasn't expecting much to happen on this mission, but luck shone brightly on him and he hit a jackpot. He didn't only end up finding the amulet but also located the whereabouts of the apparent heir of Solomon. In the process, he also unearthed the largest settlement of Tenebrians that had an army of rebels and some decent weapons.
Arthur also learned that Refuge, the very epicenter of the rebellion, was not marked on any of the maps of Aden’s army. This vital information could fetch him huge rewards. He was going to be a hero and might even end up getting a ministerial post.
He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw gateway number three, the outermost check-point of Aden’s army. Arthur rushed towards the post, overjoyed at finally reaching his haven. The guards at the gate asked him for his identity and he showed them the ring on his small finger. One of the guards signaled to the post and the large gate started to slide open.
Just when Arthur was about to enter the gate he felt a stab in his back. As sharp pain coursed through his body. He felts as if was on fire. He instinctively turned around to look at what hit him. He saw nothing. The two soldiers, who had let Arthur in, saw a stain of blood spreading on his shirt. Before anyone could understand anything Arthur was blown into pieces. The soldiers around him were thrown off their feet due to the impact of the explosion.
"Close the gate." A soldier shouted into the radio. "Close the damn gate."
The gate was quickly sealed. Aden’s soldiers took their positions to counter any further attacks, but all that followed was a spooky silence. Silence of Death. Silence preceding a storm.
This was the first-ever assault on an army post in Elisium. Although it lasted a single shot, that one shot did make a loud statement and had a resounding impact.
***
Christopher Emmanuel, the HighCommander of the Tenebra base, chaired an urgent meeting. The commanding officer of the check-post was standing in front of him.
"Are you sure that the person who was blown up at the check post was our spy?" Christopher asked.
"Affirmative sir,” the commanding officer replied, “our soldiers confirmed his identity before opening the gate."
"So we can presume that he was killed because he had some vital information."
"Yes sir. Since he reached the post six days after his arrival, we can assume that he must be on to something."
"And you say that he was sniped out by some mysterious bullet that just exploded. Are you implying that Tenebrians now have ammunition made from Star-Rocks?"
“It is possible, Sir.”
Christopher ran his hand through his hair. "Why didn't you go out and check the surroundings to try and find out who might have killed him?"
"Sir, we don't have too much knowledge about the area around our outermost post. With no info about the number of attackers out there and what kind of weapons they have, it could have been a very risky mission. Hence we decided to seal the gate and safeguard our post."
Christopher nodded. "A wise decision, I must say.” 
He then turned to one of his subordinates. “The last batch of officers returning to Aden will leap in a couple of hours. We must send this information to Aden because after today's sunset we will be disconnected from our world for seven years. We must warn the authorities that something is brewing here in Tenebra. Our enemies are preparing for war and we will need some heavy reinforcements in the next Crossing because that will also be the turn of the loop. The days of extreme darkness are upon us and we must prepare ourselves for the mayhem. The time has come to ring the Bells of War."






Chapter Ten
An Expedition into the Unknown
When time is not on your side thorough planning is your best tool
Elisium.
5L 15/1/1/1
“I came here empty-handed but I am going back with some priceless treasures.”
Andrews said to Matthews, who was standing with him on the bridge of faith, the same bridge from where Solomon had leaped to change the fortunes of Aden. It was now time for Andrews to return to his world and bring a new wave of transformation.
Andrews was carrying a lot of baggage on his return journey. Bags that contained all the maps, charts, drawings, and notes he had made in this world. A couple of bags contained some samples of the Star-Rocks for experiments in Aden. But most importantly he had his otherworld-twin Matthews with him. It was now time to show him his world.
Over the years Andrews and Matthews had become great friends. Matthews wasn't just identical to Andrews in appearance, but he was like him in every other aspect. Andrews saw every bit of him in Matthews, be it his inquisitive mind or his mannerism or his quest for knowledge or his desire to explore the world and see new things.
A few months after their first meeting, Andrews told Matthews the truth about himself and Aden. Matthews wasn’t surprised at all. He had long suspected that Andrews was hiding something and once he told the truth their friendship soared to new heights. 
Matthews expressed his desire to travel with Andrews and see that world for himself. As that was not possible till the next Crossing, the crossworld-twins busied themselves in experiments with the Star-Rocks. In the next few years, Andrews shared everything he had learned about the two worlds with Matthews. He made him his equal in terms of knowledge. He wanted Matthews to lead the path of scientific and technological development in Elisium, the way he led in Aden.
At last, the time had come for Andrews to show his world to his dear friend. With the first rays of the sun, the Abyss of Unknown magically appeared in the river below. Andrews and Matthews pushed their bags into the whirlpool.
Sweat beaded on Matthews’s forehead. His heart was in his mouth. "Are you sure about this? So far I have believed in everything you have told, but this is a step far too bold. I have a loving wife and two kids, and my wife is going to murder me if I get killed in this Abyss."
Andrews chuckled. "Don't worry my friend, it is time for you to meet the other Sherlyn, Gabriel, and Laura. Be ready to be surprised. This is going to be great fun."
Matthews swallowed hard looking at the whirlpool. Andrews leaped first and Matthews followed him.
After the brief sensation of getting sucked in, they emerged on the other side. Andrews looked around him. The bright grass on the riverbanks indicated that he was back in Aden. Now it was time to meet the king.
***
King Samuel the Brave was having a quiet dinner with his family when Stuart, the commander of the Palace guards, dared to disturb the king.
Samuel rolled his eyes. "For your own sake, I hope this is something really important. You know that I don't like getting disturbed when I am with my family."
Stuart was shaking. Samuel had that imposing personality. "Your Highness, I wouldn't have disturbed you if it wasn't urgent. Andrews the Explorer, is at the palace gates. Or should I say that two Andrews the Explorers are at the palace gates?"
Samuel clenched his jaw. "Do you know how rubbish you sound? Are you drunk on duty? Don’t you know that Andrews has been missing for seven years?"
"I know that your highness, and I am not drunk. That is the reason I have disturbed you. He has returned and there are not one but two Andrews. You must see for yourself."
"You are going to spend a better part of this year inside a cell to set your brain straight."
Stuart shrunk away. "Please your highness, just have a look and then I am all at your mercy. I was just as astonished as you when the guards at the gate informed me about this, but I have seen both of them with my own eyes."
“Okay bring them.”
"Oh, the Holy Angels!" Samuel gasped and stood up from his chair when he saw two Andrews walking towards him, side by side. Samuel had heard of people resembling each other, but this was something different. These two didn't resemble each other, they were identical. And Samuel knew for sure that Andrews didn’t have a twin brother.
"What in the name of the Holy God is this?" Samuel asked the two Andrews, not knowing whom he should address. "Where have you been for the last seven years? But first, for God's sake, tell me which one of you is Andrews and who is the other one?”
Both Andrews smiled together, however, the real one addressed his king. "This is a long story and I think you must sit down Your Highness, or you will have sore legs by the time it finishes. But before I begin I want you to call in a few people so they can also hear what I have to say. It is really important and we are short on time."
Andrews gave Samuel a list of few prominent people which included some high-ranking ministers, imminent scientists, and army officers. They were all asked to report to the palace immediately.
Once everyone had assembled, Andrews began narrating the story of his journey into the other world. He explained in detail how Elisium was exactly a replica or a mirror image of Aden, including the whole human population. He had Matthews as walking proof for his claims. Then right in the end, he told them about his most significant discovery. The Star-Rocks.
"I have brought samples of the Star-Rocks in the bags that have been confiscated by the guards at the palace gates. Our scientists can keep experimenting with those samples. But for now, we have an urgent task on our hands," Andrews said to Samuel.
"And what is that?" Samuel asked.
"The Eye of Tenebra is open for another six days. I plan to take an expedition party, comprising ministers, scientists, and soldiers to Elisium so that they can have a look at it themselves. I know, quite understandably, that not everyone in this room believes in my story. So I want a few imminent people to come with me and see everything themselves. Then we can formulate a plan on how both the worlds can benefit from this discovery. But first, our people must see that world, meet its people and lay down the foundations for a harmonious relationship between Aden and Elisium."
Meanwhile, Andrews’s baggage was brought into the hall. Everyone in the room was eager to see those magical rocks. Andrews lit a small piece of Star-Rock to show its everlasting flame. The scientists got a chance to have a closer look at these rocks and also at the charts and maps that Andrews had brought with him. There was enough evidence to support Andrews's story and everyone understood that if what he said about the Star-Rocks was indeed true, this could be a turning point in Aden’s history.
This was indeed going to become a turning point in this Dance of Two Worlds.
Samuel leaned back and steepled his fingers. "From all that we have heard and seen so far, I think Andrews's story looks believable and he must be given a chance to prove that. So, I hereby, approve an expedition to Tenebra. A team of twenty people inclusive of ministers, scientists, and army officers will be selected by me and sent on this expedition."
"Your highness, we have little time. There are no vehicles in Elisium and the journey from the entry point of Elisium to the Ruins might take almost two days. So, the earlier we leave, the more time we get there to study that world. Remember we have to jump back before sunset on the seventh day of darkness."
"Okay, I will make the list right now.” 
"You don’t need to do that, Your Highness. I had asked you to call all these people so that we can select our touring party from amongst them."
Samuel raised an eyebrow. "I think you had already assumed that I will approve this expedition.”
"Pardon me, my king, but when time is not on your side thorough planning is your best tool. I knew we had a very small window and that is why I planned as precisely as I could before coming here. I have chosen these people for a very specific reason which I will explain to you later."
"Okay, I get your point. William, the army chief will do all the necessary preparations for the trip and will also accompany you there. Now we must choose another eighteen men to go with you. Tomorrow at sunset, you all will jump into the Eye of Tenebra."
***
Twenty men stood on the cliff over the whirlpool on the second day of the Crossing. King Samuel and the whole Council of Aden were present to see off the touring party. 
This was a historical day for Aden. A lot depended on the success of this expedition. At the sound of a gunshot, these brave men leaped into the Eye of Tenebra. A leap that didn’t just take them to another world but also into the pantheons of history.
This collective leap marked the beginning of mass traveling from one world to another.
And began the cycle of exploitation of one world by another.





Chapter Eleven
The Battle of the Capital
Brave men fighting for a wrong cause can bring down a whole world
Elisium
5L 1/1/1/3
“The new loop has arrived. If the legends are true, it is time for something big to happen. It is time for the Transition.” 
One of the residents of the Capital whispered to his friend when they saw Solomon and his army march through the streets. A hundred men on horse-backs, completely covered in armor and carrying weapons, was a sight never seen before in Elisium. There was a sense of anticipation among the people. A nervous excitement.
Solomon noticed that the Capital had hugely transformed in the last seven years. Earlier the Capital was one large settlement, with the elites and the commoners living next to each other. But now there was a distinct divide. The hillock which housed the Grand palace was now a part of the heavily fortified enclave, known as the Royal Mound. 
Great. Uncle Thomas has all his corrupt ministers living close to him. They have built some lavish residences for themselves. The Grand Palace isn’t the only palace in the capital anymore.
While the elites enjoyed extravagance, commoners lived in crowded neighborhoods outside the enclave. Their small houses, narrow streets, and overcrowded markets were in stark contrast to the grandeur of the Royal Mound. During his stopovers, Solomon had heard a few tales about people being thrown out of the vicinity of the Grand Palace to keep this enclave free of commoners.
Solomon and his men waded their way through the congested streets towards the Royal Mound. A procession of curious onlookers closely followed them.
Their caravan stopped at the large clearing in front of the magnificent gateway of the Royal Mound. Aaron, Peter's son, who was now Solomon's dearest friend and his most trusted advisor, approached the gateway.
Boris, head of the Royal guards, walked towards Aaron. "May I know who you are and what is the purpose of your visit?"
"I am Aaron, the chief adviser to Solomon the Conqueror, son of King Isaac the Enlightened, the righteous king of this world. King Solomon has come here to claim what is rightfully his. He wants to meet King Thomas and explain to him the terms of his surrender."
Boris broke into a burst of laughter. "Terms of surrender? That I must say is the height of daydreaming. I would suggest you go and tell your master, whoever he is, to get lost from here, before our king loses his head and gets all your heads on spears."
Aaron gave a quaint smile. His calm demeanor unnerved Boris. "Your king will certainly lose his head, quite literally, if he doesn’t bow it for Solomon the Conqueror. Anyways, I didn't expect any better response from you. But don’t you think this matter is way beyond your authority. So, why don’t you get moving and fetch someone with real power to talk with us."
Although Boris didn't like Aaron's dismissive tone, he knew he had a point. This was an unusual scenario and he must inform his seniors about this situation.
***
King Thomas was in the Great hall conducting a meeting, when Boris informed Geoffrey, the minister of security, about the situation at the gateway.
Thomas chuckled when he was briefed on the situation. "Solomon? son of Isaac? Whoever this person is, I think he doesn’t know what happened to Isaac, or how Solomon, shivering with fear, committed suicide by jumping into the Abyss. If he had known that he would have chosen some other person to impersonate."
Geoffrey nodded. "But Your Highness, we have to give him a reply. After all, he is standing at our gates with an army of a hundred men."
"Take my sword and tell him to kneel before it. Ask him to leave before sunrise tomorrow or else I will have their heads mounted on spears. Also, tell him never to try such antiquities again."
"And what should I do if he doesn't leave?"
"Assemble our troops and slaughter them in the most gruesome way. Make it a spectacle. I have heard rumors that some commoners are thinking of revolting against us. Let us take this situation as an opportunity to show them what happens to the rebels."
Geoffrey loathed the idea however he bowed his head and went out of the hall. So much blood had already been spilled during Thomas’s reign. Geoffrey had to somehow stop this madness.
***
An hour later, Geoffrey entered Solomon’s camp and delivered Thomas's message to him. Solomon’s expression hardly changed.
Geoffrey tried to put some sense in Solomon. "You know that you will be slaughtered. I don't want bloodshed in these lands. I urge you to leave now and save yourself and your men."
Solomon looked Geoffrey in the eyes. "Blood was first spilled in these lands when Thomas murdered my father. I want to punish that monster and free this world from his clutches."
"Son, I am a painter by hobby and a pretty decent one. I made a portrait of Solomon at King Isaac’s request. That portrait still hangs in my office. So I can say that you have an uncanny resemblance with Solomon the lost but you can’t be him. You look much older than his age."
"I know about that portrait. I had to pose for you for hours. As for my looks, I faced a lot of hardships after leaving this world. Sufferings do take their toll on a person’s appearance."
"No one is going to believe your story. Tens of my men saw Solomon jump into the Abyss.”
“You knew my father and me pretty well. I think you have other ways to find out if I am Solomon or not.”
“I don’t want to because I don’t believe you. See whatever vendetta you have against Thomas, just drop it. I admit Isaac’s murder was wrong but that is now a thing of the past. What happened has happened and nothing can change that. Things have just started to stabilize a little and I plead with you not to ruin it again."
Solomon snapped his fingers in quick succession. "If exploiting the Elisians and building palaces for yourselves is called stabilizing, I am afraid I don't agree with you."
Geoffrey leaned back in his chair and stared at Solomon. "I get it now. You are one of those disgruntled commoners who want to start a rebellion. But remember son, this is no more the land of righteousness. Rebellions here will be brutally crushed." 
"I know that very well and that is the reason I am here. To return this world to its old virtues. This is no rebellion, but a war for justice. I am sure that the truth will prevail."
Geoffrey shook his head. "If you are hell-bent on getting yourself and your men killed, then I can do nothing. I pray to the Almighty that he puts some sense in your head, or else we meet on the battlefield tomorrow after the sunrise."
"I always wished that this somehow got settled without the bloodshed, but I don't see that happening. If that is the will of destiny then let it be. See you tomorrow Geoffrey."
Geoffrey got up from his chair to go out of the tent. He stopped at the entrance and turned to face Solomon. "Mark my words son, overly high ambitions of some young men bring their downfall." 
"You must also remember that brave men fighting for a wrong cause can bring down a whole world." 
Geoffrey glared at Solomon and stormed out of his camp.
***
On the fourth morning of the new loop, two armies stood facing each other.
Two thousand men against a hundred. Even the everlasting thunderstorms had paused for the battle. Residents of the Capital had gathered as spectators on the fringes of the battlefield. They didn't know who these hundred men were, but they all secretly prayed for their victory. They hoped that these men could teach this autocratic regime a good lesson. However, the odds were heavily stacked against them. This was going to end in a massacre.
Hell! Uncle Thomas is leaving no stone unturned to get my head. Two thousand men? I should have listened to grandpa David when he said not to come here.
Geoffrey was in front leading his troops. Despite Thomas’s orders of brutality Geoffrey told his men to fight with honor. He explicitly ordered them not to kill anyone who surrendered and not to attack the wounded.
Solomon looked at the enemy troops and then closed his eyes.
It is time for some miracles.
Solomon clutched the amulet. His lips moved, his fingers snapped.
Both armies charged at each other, but just when they were about to engage, a massive sandstorm swept across the battlefield. There was complete pandemonium. In one blow Solomon knocked the fight out of Geoffrey’s men. They couldn’t keep their eyes open. Sand entered their mouths and nostrils. They struggled to breathe. Some of them started coughing violently. Neither could they see their enemies nor could they hear their movements. 
However, Solomon's men were unfazed by the sandstorm. Their full faces were covered in red veils. They could breathe normally and see clearly. Their enemies were handicapped but they had no such limitations. Their arrows found their target. Their swords hit flesh. Their spears tasted blood.
Solomon watched the scenes in front of him. Severed limbs. Chopped heads. Pools of blood. Enemies crying for help. Their shrieks echoing around the battlefield. Solomon silently thanked his forefathers.
Thank you grandpas David, Abraham, and Noah. This wouldn’t have been possible without your guidance. 
He quietly remembered that one conference that had helped him finalize his plans. David was the first one to give him some strategic advice. "If you do visit Elisium, you must prepare for the worst of scenarios. First, you must select some loyal men, then train them to fight so that they can protect you if any situation arises."
Abraham gave him more than just advice. He led him to a treasure. "Since you have built your palace on the same spot where my palace stood, I can lead you something which will be very useful during a battle. In the northern wing of the palace, dig under the ancient Holy tree and you will unearth a dungeon. There you will find armors, swords, spears, bows, and arrows. These armors and weapons have been coated with stardust. The dust of the same holy rock that provided the twenty diamonds for the Amulet of Transition. These armors are impenetrable. No sword or spear can damage it. And these weapons coated with stardust will shatter the other weapons like a rock shatters a glass. I had forged these weapons for dire situations but never got a chance to use them. You can use it if you wish."
Noah had a trick up his sleeve as well. "The northern side of the capital is surrounded by desert. If you ever get engaged in a battle, and I am strictly against you going back to Elisium and starting a war," Noah added hastily when he saw Adam glaring at him. "However, if such a situation arises, hold the amulet and conjure a sandstorm. Make sure that your men cover their eyes with veils made of permentine cloth. That thin fabric will keep out the sand and help your men see and breathe when your enemies will be blinded by the sandstorm."
Adam couldn’t believe that they were discussing war strategies during a conference. "Enough of war talks. It seems like you all are almost nudging him to go there and start a war. Solomon, just forget all this and scrap all the ideas of going back to Elisium."
But Solomon remembered every little detail. He unearthed Abraham's dungeon and found the weapons. There were just about enough armors and weapons to arm a hundred men, so he selected that many men for his army. He made his camp in the fields north of the Capital to ensure that the sandstorm could be quickly called to his aide.
Solomon's men wearing the permentine veil and armed with the stardust-coated weapons cut through the enemy ranks like a knife cuts through butter. Their blinded enemies stood no chance. Even when they swung wildly they hit their impenetrable armor. The enemy swords broke when they clanked with their weapons. 
Solomon felt pity for Geoffrey’s men. He knew they must be feeling as if they were fighting blindfolded with their hands tied behind their backs. They looked as helpless as a herd of sheep surrounded by a pride of lions. Wherever they ran death followed them.
Eventually, people’s assumptions were right. It did turn out to be a massacre, but the other way around. Those who were assured of a victory were thoroughly routed.
Solomon had instructed his men to try and not inflict fatal wounds on the enemies. He just wanted to disperse them and show them his real powers. Although his men tried their best, more than two hundred Elisian soldiers were killed. Hundreds of others were injured. The rest fled the battlefield.
When the dust settled, Solomon and his men were standing on the battlefield, surveying the damage they had inflicted. His enemies, either dead or injured, were littered all across the field. Solomon just lost two men in the battle.
***
Geoffrey himself got injured during the battle. Despite his injuries, he went to the king to report the damage and offer him his advice. He had lost scores of men, hundreds of others were injured and those who had fled were not going to return. So in realistic terms, they had lost half their troops. 
Thomas’s face was flushed when he heard about the battle. "You are telling me that our strong army lost a war against a hundred men?" 
"Their armors are impenetrable. Their weapons shatter ours like iron shatters a glass. Did you notice that in the morning of the battle, the everlasting thunderstorms gave way to clear skies? And just when the battle was about to begin a sandstorm arrived out of nowhere and left us in shambles. Tell me how many times have you seen clear skies during the days of adversity and how many sandstorms have you seen in your life?” 
“None.”
“So, do you understand where this points?" 
Thomas knew the answer but he still asked. "Where?"
"That this man is the real Solomon, the son of Isaac, and has the amulet of Transition. I have met him and I know that he is telling the truth. Besides that, only that amulet can control the forces of nature, and only a true heir of Adam can possess such lethal weapons, assemble such an invincible army and conjure a sandstorm."
"You keep forgetting that I am also a descendant of Adam the first."
"I know Your Highness, but you don't have the amulet. And that amulet only passes down the line of kings, from father to son. You don't belong to that line."
"But we all know that Solomon jumped in the Abyss with that amulet."
Geoffrey shrugged. "Somehow he survived. We just can't fight the powers of that amulet. His troops with those weapons and armors are invincible."
"What other options do we have?"
"We must try and strike a peace deal."
Thomas narrowed his eyes. "Why would he accept any peace deal when he knows he is easily winning this?"
"He is an honorable man and doesn't want to spill innocent blood. His men could have easily slaughtered all of our soldiers but they avoided killing and tried only to incapacitate our men. I am sure he will accept a reasonable peace deal if that can stop this bloodshed."
Thomas tilted his head and pressed his lips together. "Okay, arrange a meeting with him. Let us see what he wants from us."
Solomon was expecting Thomas to make such an offer and he readily agreed to it.
It is time to meet the enemy. I so badly want to chop off his head but I must remember the greater good. I must let him go if he surrenders his crown. I haven’t come here for revenge but to set things straight. Once and forever. I hope this meeting helps me achieve my goal.
But destiny had its own plans. 





Chapter Twelve
The Council of the Ruins
Paradises are lost because of listening to a Devil’s whispers
Elisium 
5L 15/1/1/3
“Time to conquer a new world.” 
Andrews didn’t exactly have a bloody conquest in mind when he said those words to his companions but fate can blow things out of proportion. 
Andrews’s touring party collected their supplies from the river and went to Droster, the same village from where Andrews had started his journey in Elisium seven years ago. Andrews had visited this village a few days ago and kept all the essential things for their onward journey near the same farmer who had rescued Andrews during his first visit. 
"I think you love these days of adversity,” the farmer said when he saw Andrews, “When people fear coming out of their houses, you enjoy taking a trip downstream. And this time you have brought a group of people with you."
Andrews smiled. "Maybe I just love seeing this world engulfed in chaos." Another statement which he actually didn’t mean, but today destiny was speaking through him.
"I wasn't expecting guests, let me prepare some food for you people.”
"I will surely visit you once the days of adversity are over but for now we are in a hurry. We will collect our things and get going."
Andrews had left more than twenty horses near the farmer so everyone from the touring party had his horse. They collected the other stuff and began their journey towards the Ruins. The rains were lashing out and that was going to severely impact the pace of their journey.
They arrived at the Ruins on the fifth morning of the Crossing. Andrews had booked rooms for the delegation in one of the inns in the city. He asked the members of his touring party to remain discreet because they all had their duplicates roaming in these streets. Andrews remembered how people had reacted when they saw him and Matthews together. It was hard to convince them that it was just a coincidence. If twenty men came face to face with their copies it might trigger some unnecessary panic amongst Elisians. They must win the confidence of the Council of the Ruins first and only then the common people must know the truth. 
Andrews during his stay in the Ruins had earned the reputation of a learned man with a genius mind. Using his technical know-how he had developed many instruments to help the Elisians and that had got him a lot of respect. So when he asked the Council for an urgent meeting they couldn’t deny his request.
The next morning, Andrews and Matthews sat in the chambers inside the office of the Council. Five other members of the delegation waited outside the room. The Council of Ruins comprised twelve members from different families who looked over different aspects of the city. These people were the descendants of those nobles that had survived the Catastrophe at the turn of the loop and then helped rebuild the Ruins. The seat in the Council carried down their generations. These families had played their parts in restoring the Ruins to its former glory and had succeeded to an extent. Although it was still nowhere close to its prime, the Ruins was once again the beating heart of Elisium. 
Orlando, the head of the Council presided over the meeting. "Dear Andrews, why did you request for an urgent meeting of the Council. Couldn't it have waited till the days of adversity are over?"
"Waiting wasn’t an option because I have to return to my home before these days are over.”
Richard, the head of the guards who maintained law and order within the Ruins, asked Andrews, "What is such an urgent matter?"
A playful smile spread across Andrews’s face. "I would rather show than tell." 
Andrews requested for the five men waiting outside to be called inside the chamber. Their faces were covered in red traveling veils. It was a common practice in Elisium to wear a veil around the face to shield it from severe weather. Andrews signaled to them and they simultaneously removed the veil from their faces. Every member of the council gasped when they saw their faces.
Andrews had specifically selected these men to accompany him on this trip. They were the duplicates of five of the most influential men in the Council. Olivier, the HighMinister of Aden, and the second most powerful person after King Samuel, was the duplicate of Orlando, the head of the Council of Ruins. William, the chief of the army of Aden was the copy of Richard, the head of Guards of the Ruins. Three other ministers of Aden who had accompanied Andrews were copies of three other members of the Council. In fact, all twelve members in the council of Ruins had their duplicates among the ministers of King Samuel. Andrews wanted to bring all of them but they didn’t want to be a part of this risky mission. Only William, who had a penchant for glory, and Olivier readily volunteered. The other three ministers only agreed to come because King Samuel didn’t leave them a choice.
Orlando felt dizzy. "What is all this? Who are these people?"
Andrews pointed towards the sky. "They are your otherworld-twins from Elisium’s twin sister called Aden." 
There was a buzz in the room. Some members of the council were still rubbing their eyes.
"Just like I am Matthews's duplicate in Aden, every one of you has a copy in that world. These five men are the living examples of that." 
Richard glared at Andrews. "So, you had lied to us earlier when you said that you had come from some far-off village.” 
"If I had told you that I have come from Aden would you have believed me?" 
"And now you have brought more men from your damned world. What do you want from us?" Richard's voice had an edge.
"I want both our worlds to benefit from each other." 
Richard stood up from his chair and walked to the center of the chamber. "We all know what happened when a group of men last arrived from that world into ours. These Ruins are the memento of the last visit of demons from that cursed world. We must stop this intrusion right now, or we will be regretting this for generations to come.”
Andrews knew someone might raise this issue and he was prepared to tackle it. "Please listen to me. I have heard those stories but no one can say for sure that those demons were from Aden. Anyways, we have no foul intentions. Just listen to my proposal and then if you all learned men don't approve of it, my companions and I will jump back into the Abyss. I promise we will never show you our faces again. Although since we have the same faces, some of you will have to stop looking into the mirror." 
No one got that joke. And Richard wasn’t ready to even hear him. "We must not listen to anything they have to say. We must drive them away right now, or else these monsters will devour our world."
Orlando closed his eyes to think. "Even the biggest of the criminals are allowed to speak their minds in our world. We can’t deny that to Andrews. I think there is no harm in listening to him before making any decisions."
"Paradises are lost because of listening to a Devil’s whispers."
“Great line. But last time I checked neither I had horns nor a tail. Aren’t they absolutely necessary for a devil?” No one laughed. Another bad joke.
Orlando was in Andrews’s favor. "Andrews is no devil and we all can vouch for that. Now please sit down and let him talk."
Richard shook his head and sunk back in his chair.
Andrews let out a sigh of relief. Finally, he was getting an opportunity to put forward his idea. In the last couple of years, he had meticulously prepared for this meeting. His proposal was simple. Technology and development in return for the Star-Rocks. He masterfully explained to the Council how the two worlds were identical, the potentials of the Star-Rocks and how the technology of Aden can transform Elisium. 
While Andrews was busy describing the benefits of this cooperation, someone in the room was silently contemplating his next move. He had to ensure that this meeting didn’t end on a happy note. It was crucial for his vicious ploy.
Andrews covered most bases while elaborating his plans and most members of the Council were impressed. However, Richard had some other ideas. "My dear friend, you suggested that we first let your people mine the Star-Rocks, and then you will provide us with your advanced technology. Since you are the ones eager to for this deal, I suggest a counteroffer. First, you show us your technology. All those marvelous things you have boasted about. Let us have a closer look at them to decide whether they are useful to us or not. Once we are convinced of their benefits we will surely consider your offer of mutual cooperation."
William, the army chief, didn’t like this idea. "That doesn’t sound logical. If we provide you the access to our technology and weapons beforehand, you might go back on the deal and not give us access to the Star-Rocks at all."
Richard smirked. "You don't trust us to honor our side of the deal, but expect us to trust you blindly. Tell me why should we trust you?"
Andrews tried to get hold of the proceedings. "Cooperation can only be built on the foundations of trust. We have to trust each other."
Orlando intervened. "I think Richard has a point. Since you came to us with this offer, hence you must first show signs of trust and then we will surely reciprocate. Show us your flameless lamps and a glimpse of that magical energy that lights them. What exactly do you call it?" 
"Electricity."
"Yes, electricity. Show us how to produce electricity. Bring in some of your equipment and train our people. Convince us that our lives will be better because of them and we will surely allow you to take these rocks."
Richard walked towards Andrews. "You have seen our world but we haven't seen yours. Before we reach any deal we have to ensure that your people have the right intentions. We can't let your people into our world until you have proven your trustworthiness. We also want assurance that if things don’t work out between us we can simply walk out of the deal and prohibit your people from future forays into Elisium."
Olivier, the HighMinister, who had been very quiet in the meeting so far, finally joined the discussion. "That is not possible. You cannot deny us what we want. We have the technology and we have the weapons. The deal we are offering you is a token of our goodwill. It is a testament that we are in favor of cooperation because if we wanted to use force, we would have done it straight away. And in that case, you would have been able to do nothing. You must understand that you have no power to stop us. You are pretty helpless." It was hard to tell whether Olivier wanted to threaten them or insult them or provoke them. It eventually did all of that.
Orlando slammed his fist on the table and glared at his duplicate. "Are you threatening us?"
Richard got the opportunity he was waiting for. "See that. That is what I have been telling you all along. Their intentions are clear. They don't care about Elisium, all they care is about that cursed rock. They will go to any lengths to lay their hands on it. I again plead to you all to turn away these people. Our world is a happy place and we don't want them to interfere."
Olivier sneered. "Do you think that you will say no and we will just walk away? Are you that dumb? Don't you understand the simple fact that you have to give in to our demands one way or the other? We will get what we want, whether you like it or not. I suggest you all should quietly fall in line or prepare to face some grave consequences."
Richard had heard enough. He grabbed Olivier by his collar and slammed him into a wall. William and three other ministers drew out guns they had kept hidden under their robes.
Richards snarled. "You dare threaten us in our backyard. One more word from you and I'll break your neck with my bare hands."
Orlando flinched at seeing the guns. "You have brought weapons to this meeting. Andrews, we trusted you and you have broken that trust. These weapons show your malicious intent."
William tried to calm things down. "We mean no harm. We have come into an unknown world and are carrying these weapons for self-defense. If you feel that is inappropriate we surrender them to you." William and the three ministers laid down their guns on Orlando’s desk. "We are here to reach a peaceful agreement and develop cordial relations." 
Orlando signaled towards his duplicate. "This man doesn't look like he wants peace." 
Andrews was quite baffled by Olivier's strange conduct. What was he up to? He was a master politician, a shrewd strategist, and a skillful orator. Andrews was very happy when Olivier volunteered for this mission. He thought his diplomatic skills might come in handy during these negotiations, but he was ruining this meeting with his absurd behavior. "We all apologize on his behalf."
But Richard was not convinced. "This man, Olivier, is showing us their true colors, whereas all others are hiding behind a mask. Before we make any decisions, all of us, the descendants of the survivors of the Catastrophe, should remember that calamity. The Catastrophe, which changed our world forever. The Catastrophe, which wiped out the line of true Kings and all the nobles barring a few lucky survivors from our families. Have you all forgotten that who caused that Catastrophe?”
Richard paused to let that question sink in.  “A monster from Inferna brought doom to Elisium. He and his demons tried to take over our world and now their descendants are attempting to do the same. Orlando, your great-grandfather Geoffrey lead our troops in the battle of the Capital. We all have heard the tales about how that monster used his dark powers to first slaughter our troops and then unleash the disaster. These people will wreak similar havoc. We have to stop these demons from any further forays into Elisium by showing them that they are not welcome in our world."
"And how do we do that? They already know the route," Orlando asked.
"We guard the entry point into this world. I am sure Matthews will show us where that entry point is. In the future whoever tries to enter our world should be finished off at the entrance itself. And to deter them from any future endeavors, we must chop off the heads of these men and throw them into the Abyss. When the people at the other end will see these heads they will get our message loud and clear."
Panic time. Andrews hadn’t expected things to take such a drastic turn. "I think you need to take a deep breath and calm down. You are taking this on a completely wrong track." 
Orlando also thought that Richard was taking it too far. "We cannot kill these men for no crime." 
Richard was now like a prowling beast. He won’t let his prey slip away. "Their crime is to venture into our lands uninvited. Their crime is to bear ill will for our world and bring doom to it. The laws of our world pardon the person who kills someone in self-defense and we are killing these people to protect our paradise from future attacks. We are killing them to defend millions of people in our world. Killing one to protect thousands is not a sin, but a virtue."
Andrews looked around the chamber. There was a buzz in the room. Many members of the Council were nodding. The situation had now officially spiraled out of control. His heartbeats were getting out of control. "Don't make any hasty decisions and listen to your consciences. You are talking about killing innocent people. The future of the two worlds depends on your judgment. A poor decision here could lead to war." He immediately regretted that sentence. His big mouth was going to get him killed someday. If not today.
Richard picked that up. "Did you hear that? Now Andrews threatens us with war. We must kill them. There is no other…"
His sentence was left incomplete. There was a loud bang inside the chamber. Olivier took everyone by surprise. In a flurry, he pulled out a gun from under his robe and shot Richard. His bullet found the center of Richard’s forehead. A shot any marksman would have been proud of.
Everyone in the room froze. Their faces lost their color. A ghostly silence engulfed the room. They stared with wide eyes as Richard’s lifeless body hit the floor.
Olivier’s grim voice pierced the silence. "You spineless worms. You will not decide my fate."
The guards stationed outside the chamber rushed into the room hearing the gunshot. Orlando’s veins were throbbing when he shouted, "You monster, you dare murder in our peaceful world. Catch this demon and all of his accomplices. No one leaves this chamber."
That one gunshot didn’t only seal the fate of Richard, or this meeting, it sealed the fate of this whole world.







Chapter Thirteen
The Catastrophe
Real victors are those who turn their problems into an advantage
Elisium 
5L 1/1
“The moment has finally come. The time to create history. Tonight I will decide the future of the two worlds. Change their fortunes forever.”
Solomon was welcomed at the Gateway of the Royal Mound by Thomas’s prominent ministers. He and his men were clad in their armors, with their weapons ready to strike. Although Solomon was a guest of the King, and inflicting any harm on a guest was an unforgivable sin, he didn't trust his father's cousin to abide by such trivial rules. Murder was the biggest sin but Thomas didn’t have any qualms about it.
Thomas warmly greeted Solomon at the gate of the Grand Palace. "Solomon, my dear nephew! You were a kid when I last saw you. Now you have grown into a strong young man."
How courteous. I must remind him that I left this world because he murdered my father and mother. And tried to kill me as well. "I was supposed to embrace my adulthood with a grand ceremony, but thanks to you Uncle, I was robbed of that. And a lot of other things for that matter." 
"So much hatred in such a young heart is not good for health. What happened then was due to some unfortunate circumstances. Come on, let us have some food and we can discuss your terms after the dinner."
Dinner. No way. I can’t trust Thomas. He won’t blink an eye before poisoning us all.
Thomas sensed his nephew’s conundrum. "You are my guest, and I wouldn’t inflict any harm on my guest. Don’t you trust your uncle to even abide by the basic values of this society?”
Solomon chose not to reply. 
“Ah! You are just like my dear cousin Isaac, always suspicious of everything. Trying to find problems, when there were none. Anyways, I knew such a situation may arise so I have done likewise arrangements.”
Thomas showed Solomon around the massive dining hall of the Grand Palace. “All the plates for the feast are arranged on that table. You choose the plate from which you eat, and you also choose the plates for me and my ministers. You choose what gets served to you, and the same thing will be served to all of us. We eat first and then you. If there is something in the food we all die together. Similar arrangements have been made for your men and my soldiers. My dear nephew, trust me, I am an honorable host."
What the hell! I am not convinced but I can’t find a flaw in this arrangement either. Refusing to eat when invited to a feast will be a bad omen. 
Solomon agreed. He and his men sat down for dinner in their designated places.
Once everyone had settled down, Solomon didn’t waste any time to come to the topic. "Are you going to surrender or not?" 
Thomas leaned back in his chair. "Frankly you haven't left me much of a choice. Your troops look invincible and you have powers to control nature. You have even put the fearsome thunderstorms on a hold. And I have to say that sandstorm was a masterstroke. I can't fight you, but I also have to look after my interests. Since you don’t want any more bloodshed I think we can reach a reasonable arrangement. A tough night of negotiations lies ahead of us, so we better get our stomachs filled with this delicious food. All the hard talks can wait for a while."
He looks like a good host. He has laid down a large feast and the food is delicious. 
Solomon and his men hadn't had a good meal since the day they jumped into the Eye of Tenebra. They hungrily tucked into the feast. Aaron, who was seated beside Solomon, kept a close eye on the food getting served. Everything that was served to Solomon was first served to Thomas and his ministers. They all ate it without a fuss. There was nothing suspicious throughout the dinner.
Solomon felt the fatigue of traveling and the tiresome battle catching up with him. He felt a little dizzy towards the end of the dinner. A feast was said to be over when the guest of honor rose from his chair and then everyone else was supposed to rise with him. Solomon tried to get up but his legs didn't respond. He couldn't feel his legs. His whole body felt numb. He struggled to keep his eyes open. Solomon looked at Thomas and he seemed shaky as well. But then he noticed something that sent a chill down his spine. Thomas had a malicious smile on his face.
Thomas found it hard to speak. Every word was a struggle but each of those words drove daggers into Solomon’s heart. "I didn't… have to poison… you. I just had… to incapacitate… you and your men… for a few hours…. even if… that meant that…. I had to incapacitate myself and some….. of my men….. But I have…. many others who…. can take care of ….you all… when you are… knocked out."
"You treacherous monster." Solomon tried to leap on the table and grab Thomas, but his body failed to respond. He fell off his chair. At that moment, hundreds of Thomas's soldiers marched into the Great Hall. Solomon was pinned to the floor by a couple of them. Solomon tried to break free but his body was no longer under his control. Aaron was held down to the ground, right next to him. Despair was written all over him. There was anguish, pain, resignation, and fear. His dear friend’s face was the last thing Solomon saw before he slipped into unconsciousness.
***
Solomon woke up with a start as a bucket of cold water was thrown over him. The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was Aaron’s face, but his heart almost stopped and tears welled up in his eyes. His friend’s head was not on his shoulders. It was raised on a spear.
Solomon let out a cry of a wounded beast. Thomas was seated on a chair next to Aaron's head, eating an apple. Severed heads of all his other men, raised on spears, were held by Thomas's soldiers. Solomon noticed that they weren't inside the palace anymore. Instead, they were on the balcony above the gateway of the Royal Mound.
Thomas had a devilish grin on his face. "Our cooks made some great dessert using the kheshish. You know kheshish right? The weed, that is used by healers to numb the body parts and put patients to sleep while performing surgeries. Today a surgery had to be performed on Geoffrey, due to the wounds inflicted by your men, and that gave me this brilliant idea. I decided to put that weed to some very good use."
"You venomous snake, you invite guests to your house and then murder them. Don’t you have any honor? You don’t know how to play fair. All you know is treachery."
Thomas sneered. “Sandstorm. Some cursed weapons. Impenetrable armors. Is that what you call playing fair? You are the last person to lecture me about honor. You used a sandstorm to incapacitate my men before butchering them. I used kheshish. Tell me where is the difference?”
“The difference lies in the motives. I am fighting for justice, truth, righteousness. To free this world from evil. Whereas you are that evil.”
“Right and wrong, truth and lies, light and darkness, good and evil, all those things are in the brain. Subject to interpretation. They are just perspectives. A matter of how you look at things. Or how you project them. Your good could be my evil. One man’s hero could be another’s villain.”
“You can’t hide behind these sick notions of yours. Almighty’s justice is never very far.”
"I don’t plan to meet him anytime soon. I want to rule this world for many more years to come and you actually might help me doing so. Your arrival was first a huge problem for me but the real champions are those who turn their problems into an advantage. That is what I am going to do with you. I will turn you into a godsent gift for me. You don’t believe in my notions. Now see how I turn your army of angels into a gang of demons."
Thomas walked to the front of the balcony. He had instructed his soldiers to tell everyone in the Capital to gather in the large clearing outside the Royal Mound. Commoners had witnessed the battle and had seen Solomon's army enter the enclave. In a short time, thousands of people assembled there in anticipation.
Thomas cleared his throat and began his well-rehearsed speech. The skies were still clear. His loud voice echoed in the calm night.
"O the people of Elisium, since yesterday our beloved city had been put on a siege by an army of demons from the Inferna, the hell which hangs above us." Thomas pointed to Aden hanging above their heads. There were gasps and murmurs in the crowd.
‘Under the command of a devil, these demons found their way into our world. Don't be fooled by their appearances, they may look like us, but they are vicious monsters with dark souls. Their impenetrable armors and deadly weapons are made of some cursed materials from hell. They arrived at our doorstep intending to rule our world and turn us into their slaves. When we decided to fight for our freedom, the devil used his dark magic to summon a sandstorm and butcher our brave soldiers. 
‘To avoid any further bloodshed, I invited them inside the Royal mound to negotiate a peace deal. However, it turned out that agreeing to this meeting was just a pretense to enter our fortified enclave and take out our defense establishments. Once inside, they launched their attack, but this time our soldiers were ready. They fought hard, putting their lives at stake to save their world. 
‘Blinded by the over-confidence from the morning’s battle they thought they could easily roll us over. But they were wrong. Without the sandstorm and their dark magic, these demons weren’t all that powerful. Our men fought fearlessly and the demons began to fall. One by one, every single one of them was killed. Their leader, the devil of Inferna was captured. Our brave soldiers earned a hard-fought triumph. We lost many courageous heroes in this fight, but in the end, righteousness prevailed. We emerged as the Victors."
Thomas had laid out martyrs’ coffins for people to see. There were enough dead bodies from the morning’s battle. Many wounded soldiers had also succumbed to their injuries. Thomas knew that these martyrs will make the crowd emotional. The more gut-wrenching the story, the more people will fall for it. Grief melted people’s hearts and blinded their brains. Grim faces and moist eyes told Thomas that people had bought his story.
And now it was time to put the icing on the cake. "Now as a proof of the steadfastness of your king, who looked into the eyes of adversity and decided to fight for your freedom. And as a tribute to the valor of our soldiers who sacrificed their lives to protect your liberty, I show you these demons from hell. They may look like us but remember they are monsters from Inferna who wanted to destroy our world."
The large gate of the Royal Mound opened and a hundred soldiers walked out of it. Each soldier carried a spear with a demon’s head. Aaron's head was in the front. 
Thomas wanted every Elisian to hate his enemies and he never left things to chance. He already had a few of his men amongst the crowds. One of them spitted on Aaron's head and slapped it. Some others did the same with other heads. On cue, people started slapping, spitting, and cursing. The heads of Solomon's loyal men, who had come to liberate these people were now being disgraced by them.
Solomon, bound in iron chains, looked at these dreadful scenes. Thomas slapped him hard. "Did you really think that you can come here with a hundred men and take over this world from me? Young man, you don't know me. I had conspired for years before murdering your father. I can stoop to any depths to protect my throne. I would have killed you with your men as well, but beheading you in public will add to the spectacle. And before that, I also need to know where your famed amulet is? I am quite flattered by its powers. It will serve me very well. My men looked for it everywhere but couldn't find it. Tell me where it is and I promise you a swift death."
Solomon could feel the icy touch of the amulet against his skin. 
It is right here around my neck. How in God’s name they didn’t find it?
He was still trying to figure this out when Thomas dragged him to the front of the balcony.
“Look how I turned your heroes into villains. Good into evil.” Solomon looked at the scenes below. The crowd was jeering, cursing, abusing. They were spitting on the heads, slapping them, even punching them. Some of the heads had fallen off the spears and people were kicking them around. 
Humans have their limits. And Transitioners are also human. Solomon had buried the grief of losing his parents deep in his heart. But that anguish of losing everything dear to him was like smoldering lava bubbling within a volcano. He had not let hatred rule over him but this gross betrayal, the severed heads, and the dishonoring of the martyrs were testing his limits. 
Solomon bellowed like a man possessed. "You and your people have rotten beyond repair. All the nobles, ministers, soldiers have also become monsters like you. They all conspired with you to murder their guests and then dishonor them. All the values of our virtuous world have been burned away by you and your faithless men. You all must be punished before you ruin Elisium beyond repair."
Thomas broke into demonic laughter. "And who will punish us? You, bound in chains or these heads on spears? Tell me my dear nephew, who will punish us? I don't know where you disappeared, or how you managed to recruit all these men to fight for you, however, the one thing I know for sure is that you are nothing but a coward.”
Solomon’s muscles tensed. His face was red. He furiously snapped his fingers. Thomas was playing with fire. But arrogance sometimes makes people do foolish things without thinking of its consequences.“Yes, a coward who ran away and left his mother all alone in a sea of enemies. Left her to be disgraced and humiliated. Do you know how she was slapped and thrashed by the ministers who vented out your father's anger on her? Or how she was groped by the nobles? Many of them wanted to rape her in the courtyard of the Grand Palace. I was also in favor of that but unfortunately, one of our cousins had pity on her and put an arrow through her heart. This all happened because you decided to run rather than face your enemy. And now you are talking about punishing me? Come on. Punish me. I am right here, in front of you."
That was it. Thomas had just taken it too far. That fine line between good and bad, right and wrong, that mental barrier that had kept the fury in check disappeared. Now nothing mattered. All that was left was terrible wrath. Intolerable hate. And furious rage. The volcano finally erupted. 
Solomon let out a primal roar. The amulet twitched. The heavy iron chains around his body melted like wax. He raised both his hands towards the heavens. Solomon’s ominous voice echoed around the Capital. "You all don’t deserve to live. You must be destroyed. Uprooted from your origins so that you no longer pollute this world with your sins. O the Lords of Nature I urge you by the virtue of my forefathers to open the skies and annihilate these criminals."
Solomon moved his lips. The amulet shone like a bright star. The large pink ruby at its center emanated a crimson glow. The diamonds around it shot jets of light towards the sky. 
And the skies opened.
People who were dishonoring the martyrs stopped to see what was happening. The sky rumbled and the earth shook violently. A dark ominous cloud appeared over the Capital. Bright flashes of lightning streaked across the sky. And then it started to rain. However, it wasn’t water that was raining from the skies.
Large fireballs made up of burning rocks pelted down. These fireballs exploded when they came in contact with any surface. It annihilated whatever it touched. The rock shower engulfed the whole Royal Mound. Star-Rocks of varying sizes battered the buildings. The opulent monuments and the lavish palaces inside the enclave got blasted. Elisians, who had gathered outside the gateway, ran for their lives.
Massive explosions shook the capital. Everything was burning. Thomas’s men tried to evade this Rain of Fire, but there was no escape. Neither for the treacherous nobles nor the corrupt ministers nor the dishonorable soldiers. 
But the problem with the angles of death is that they don’t differentiate between men and women, young and old, innocent and guilty. When you unleash death be prepared for the worst. The criminals got what they deserved but there was no refuge for their clueless families either. Hundreds of innocents were ensnared in those burning buildings. Children cried for help. Women screamed in agony. Their shrieks intercepted the loud explosions. Every structure inside the enclave was ablaze. Royal Mound had become a raging trap of death.
Solomon's chest was still heaving when he looked at the carnage around him. Only his balcony was untouched by the Rain of Fire.
Thomas shrunk away in a corner. "Spare me, my dear nephew." Thomas pleaded in a last-ditch attempt to save his life.
"Spare you? the main culprit, when I have punished every other." He was again snapping his fingers.
Thomas sneered.  He knew his death was a certainty, but before he met his death he decided to show Solomon the mirror. "Punished the culprits? Is that what you are thinking to justify your actions? Just look around you. You did kill my men, but not every one of them was evil. Some of them were just following orders. And with my men, you killed their families. Innocent women and sinless children. Tell me what crime did they commit to get such horrible punishment? I did murder your father and a few others, but you have slaughtered hundreds of innocents. If I am a criminal, then you are a monster. You can kill me, but you have to live with this burden for the rest of your wretched life. You are no Savior. You are a demon from hell..."
Thomas's voice drowned as Solomon put his hands over his ears and screeched. "Shut uppppp!!! Just Shut upppp!!!" Solomon closed his eyes and a fireball hit Thomas. He was blown to pieces.
Solomon felt as if a weight had been lifted from his heart when he killed Thomas. He gradually came back to his senses.
I have delivered justice. I have punished the culprits. I have achieved my goal. Have I?
The Royal Mound resembled a giant funeral pyre. The difference was that this pyre wasn’t lit for dead bodies, it was burning people alive. Solomon noticed that the fireballs weren’t just striking the Royal Mound, they were also falling the narrow lanes of the Capital. Many houses there were on fire as well. 
I need to end this Catastrophe. I must regain control.
He clutched the amulet, closed his eyes, and prayed. The rock shower immediately stopped. He also loosened his grip on the weather. The thunderstorm reappeared and rains started to lash out at the Capital. The torrential downpour began extinguishing the fires. Solomon waited on the balcony and kept praying till almost all the blazes were out. He had a last glance at the Royal Mound and his heart sank. He had turned the magnificent Capital of Elisium into the Ruins.
Solomon descended from the balcony and came out of the gateway. A few people had returned to the clearing to take stock of the situation. The moment they saw him they backed away. 
"He is the devil.  He is that evil demon from hell.”
“He burned our city.  He caused this catastrophe.”
“Run. Get away from him before he turns us into ashes." 
People scampered away from him as if they had seen a ghost.
Solomon stood there. All alone. Drenched in rain. Adam’s words echoed in his mind. It only takes a moment of madness for an angel to turn into a demon.
I just had that moment of madness. I came to this world to free its people from the clutches of a monster, but instead, I turned into a demon myself. I wanted to save this world from deteriorating but almost ended up destroying it. I wanted to unite the people of the two worlds but I have now created such a deep rift, that it would be impossible to fill it. The Elisians will never trust Adeners again. Maybe it is the will of the Creator that no ruler should unite the two worlds. Maybe Nature wants the Dance of Two Sisters to go on.
Solomon had failed to understand that some phenomenons of nature are beyond human understanding. They should not be messed with. This Transition was one such phenomenon. In trying to alter the course of destiny he destroyed a world’s fortunes.
Wars do claim lives. But this war was unnecessary. 
I was bound in chains, my men were all killed. I had no other option. What I did was not self-defense. It was a fit of fury. 
Maybe the effects of the Transition or the actions of the Cosmos or some cruel twist of destiny caused this havoc? All this sounds hollow. I know the truth and there is no escaping it. My noble intentions were blown away by a flash of fury and now I have to carry this burden for the rest of his life.
Solomon’s fight with himself continued forever. He was never able to justify his actions but as repentance of his sins in this world, he vowed to devote every minute of his remaining life to develop the other world in a way that no one had ever done before.
I am not destined to rule the two worlds. My misadventure in this world has reached a tragic end. It is time to return. 
Solomon reached the bridge of faith and had one last look at the world of his birth. For the second time in his life, he jumped into the Abyss of Unknown. 
Just like the last instance, this time too, his life had taken a drastic turn. 
And just like the last time, this time too, he was all alone and filled with despair.



Chapter Fourteen
The Game of Destiny
We don't choose our destinies, but our destinies choose us
Elisium
5L 21/15
"From the grandeur of the Grand Palace to this tiny pigeon-hole. I must say that your choice for venues has greatly degraded." 
Noah wasn’t pleased with the arrangements.
Adam rolled his eyes. "The conference happens inside the mind of the Transitioner. Moses has never been inside the Grand Palace so this couldn’t happen over there." 
"But you could have at least selected a better location." 
"Yes, I was thinking about the cage of drowning. You would have loved that. After all, you love the water and the drownings."
Noah opened his mouth to say something but Solomon intervened. "My revered grandfathers, can we leave this for some other day. This is Moses’s first conference and is this the kind of impression we want to put on him?"
Solomon walked near Moses, who was looking from one person to another with wide eyes. "Let me introduce everyone. The gentleman at the head of the table is Adam the first, to his right is Noah, then Abraham, David, I am Solomon and to my right is Samuel. As you might have already guessed we all are Transitioners who oversaw the Transitions in the earlier loops. As per the customs, the last king before the Transition is also invited to these conferences. Since in your case, Samuel was the last king from our lineage, we have invited him to update us on the current situation."
Samuel audibly cleared his throat. "I'm afraid, my current updates might be seven cycles old." 
"Yes, but that is the best we can get. And you can give a better insight on the consciences of people of this loop." 
Samuel gave a wry smile. "Consciences? I don't think there is too much of that left in Aden now." 
Great. You’re holed up with some old men now. Will you open your mouth and ask what’s exactly happening here? "Sorry to interrupt you, but can I know, what’s this all about?"
Solomon diverted his attention back to Moses. "Oh sorry, I just forgot to mention the purpose of our visit. These conferences are meant to guide the next Transitioner on what to do and how to do. Of course, you are the one on the field, and you have to take your own decisions, but we can share our experiences and help you decide your future course of action. We can also educate you about the powers of the Amulet and how it can help you in transforming these worlds."
"And destroying them as well if you don't handle it properly," Adam reminded Solomon. 
Solomon frowned. "Okay, I was going to add that." 
"I am so relieved. Finally, grandpa Adam has someone else to take a dig at. I was kind of bored being the only punching bag here." Noah got his chance to needle Adam.
Solomon quickly got back to the topic before Adam could have a go at Noah. "These conferences are your training sessions. We will invade your mind now and then to help you out and provide you with information. And whenever you need some advice, you can always call upon us."
"And how can I do that?" Moses asked.
Solomon gave an enigmatic smile. "We all are within you. You are us and we are you. We are all different faces of one single identity. People call you my reincarnation, that is one way of explaining things, but in reality, you, me, and everyone else in this room are all parts of One. To keep things simple just remember whenever you need us, close your eyes and call us and we will be there to help you."
David always looked at various aspects of a scenario and he wanted Moses to see the gravity of his situation."You face a challenge much difficult than any of us. Once we left our original world, we had just to look after the second world and not to worry about the first. Some of us tried to set things straight in both worlds but failed miserably. It was too hard for them to understand that conflicts and wars were never part of the Transition."
Solomon let out an exasperated sigh. "Okay, I made a mistake and regretted it every single day of my life. But tell me how the Transition will happen without a conflict at the next turn of the loop? How will Moses set this world straight without fighting the forces of Aden? Can't you see now that my intentions weren't wrong?"
Adam shook his head. "Yes, but despite all your knowledge and right intentions, you got swayed by emotions. You gave in to anger and forgot your purpose. That is why Moses needs to understand that to achieve his goal he will have to overcome his emotions, his ambitions and dedicate his life to this world. Destiny has chosen this world for him and his actions will determine the fate of Elisium. "
As if Jacob and George weren’t enough you have more old men giving you lectures about destiny. Just get up and walk out of here. But aren’t they inside your brain? How are you supposed to walk out of your own brain?
Moses stood up from his chair. "But I don't want that. I don't want this amulet or its powers. I don't want any kingdom. I just want to return home and get my normal life back."
Abraham looked into Moses’s eyes. "We don't choose our destinies, but our destinies choose us. None of us had chosen this as well. We all had the same reaction when we knew about it, but we all played our parts in this Game of Destiny. And now it is your turn. You have a chance to shape the fortunes of millions of people. You should accept this reality as quickly as possible because you have very limited time. Your every day counts."
Solomon looked at the brighter side of things. "You have a head start which none of us had. People here already believe in you. In fact, they were waiting for you. You already have an army at your command. You have weapons. But you also have an enemy who is very well prepared to take you on."
Adam leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. "I would never have imagined myself saying this to any Transitioner, but these are desperate times. Moses, at the turn of the loop you will have to destroy your enemies. The next Transition will never be complete until you finish them off. Those gluttonous demons will never let these worlds live in peace. You will have to fight a bloody war. You will have to achieve what none of us ever managed to do. You will have to unite the two worlds and set them straight."
Noah started to clap. "Wow grandpa, what a speech. You just brought tears to my eyes. But did the sun rise from the west today?" Everyone in the room chuckled.
Solomon stood from his chair and put his arm around Moses. "When you face your enemy, don't let your emotions rule over your heart. A moment of madness can lead to a catastrophe. And you are hearing this from a person speaking out of his experience."
Adam decided it was enough for one meeting. "I think we should let this boy have some sleep. Sleep tight. We will be seeing you again."
Everyone raised their right hands to bless Moses and vanished from his sight. Moses woke up from his sleep and finally, woke up to his destiny.
***
Moses was told George and Jacob about his dream. "Last night Solomon was also there in the conference but he looked very different from the person in the portrait."
As always Jacob had a theory ready up his sleeve. "Well, according to some legends, all Transitioners looked the same till they leaped. Once they started to transform the world around them, they underwent a physical transformation as well."
"Maybe that’s why they all had a resemblance but carried different looks. I have another question. If Solomon was the person responsible for the Catastrophe then how can the people of this world place their trust in me, his descendant?"
Did you really ask that? Why are you so dumb? Now, wait till Jacob opens his book of suppositions and fires some mind-boggling theories at you. 
Thankfully George replied to this question. "Son, to understand that we have to start from the beginning. Thomas covered up his involvement in King Isaac’s murder by framing one of his bodyguards. That guard happened to be the son of a farmer who was a vocal critic of the rampant corruption in Isaac's administration. Thomas publicly executed the father and son to appease the masses. He then organized a massive funeral for the King to show his respect and suppress any conspiracy theories.”
“And what he told people about Solomon?” 
“Thomas wanted to kill Solomon too, but he somehow escaped. So he told people that since Isaac's only heir has gone missing he will have to assume the post of the King Regent, till Solomon returns and claims his throne. Thomas's men had seen Solomon jump in the Abyss, so he knew he wasn't returning. As the years passed he omitted the word regent from his title and became King Thomas the Just."
"But Solomon did return. And he turned out to be a destroyer and not a Savior. So why do people still believe that his heir will set things straight for them?”
Jacob couldn’t be left out of such a topic. "You know, it all comes down to what people want to believe. When Thomas and his corrupt ministers started exploiting the commoners, Elisians hoped that Solomon, the lost heir of David, will save them and end this rule of tyranny. When Solomon appeared with those hundred riders and routed Thomas's troops in the battle of the Capital, people thought that their true king had returned. However, things took an ugly turn when Solomon lost his head and turned the Capital into the Ruins."
“That brain fade from Solomon would’ve turned away his supporters.”
"Yes, to a certain extent. But you know what is a fascinating thing about history?”
“What?” Here comes his theories. Be prepared.
“A single event can have multiple interpretations. What may be a calamity for one could be a blessing for another. The same thing happened with the Catastrophe. When the smoke settled people looked at it from different angles. Many people believed that some real demons from hell attacked the Capital. For them, Solomon’s true heir still remains in hiding and will return someday to claim what is rightfully his. However, a majority of people saw a silver lining in the dark clouds of the Catastrophe.”
“What good could have come out of such a disaster?”
Jacob gave that I-know-all-smile of his. “Well, for many people, the Catastrophe wasn't such a bad thing. The oppression of Thomas’s regime was reaching new heights with every passing day, so they believed that Solomon the lost returned to kill the tyrant and free this world from his clutches. That unfortunate incident did ruin the Royal Mound, but Thomas and his ministers would have gradually turned the whole Elisium into a ruin. The Catastrophe was a kind of liberation for this world. After that incident, Elisium became quite stable."
“And what’s their take on Solomon? Where’d he go after the Catastrophe?” 
"Believers of the Dance of two sisters think that Solomon came back from Inferna to liberate this world from evil and returned after achieving his goal. Others say that he had come out of his seclusion to end the rule of injustice and returned to his hiding place after the Catastrophe."
"But why return? Why not stay and rule once he’d finished off the tyrants?" Haven’t you had enough theories for one day? You’re going to have indigestion now.
"Because you know, as per the beliefs, the line of true kings cannot rule a world when it is under the shadows. But from a more practical point of view, it would have been impossible for Solomon to rule Elisians after they had witnessed his demonic powers. They were frightened of him and Solomon didn't want to rule with fear. So he returned to the world where people adored him, even worshiped him."
Moses raised an eyebrow. His fingers began snapping. "So you’re telling me that Elisians are placing their faith in a person from a world whose people have tormented them for seven cycles, just because they believe in some legends?" 
George shook his head. "No son, they are not placing their trust in someone from that other world, but they are placing it in the true heir of David. Elisium had prospered like a dream under the rule of Davidian kings. Those were the golden days of this world. People are hoping for those days to return at the turn of this loop."
Jacob agreed with his friend. "Just walk into the alleys of the Refuge and you will sense the anticipation. Every other day you will hear a new story about David's courage, or Isaac's justice, or the miracles of the amulet. Not all the stories are true, but what is history without a pinch of fiction? David's army is a testament to this growing enthusiasm. People are ready to fight under the banner of David. They aren’t depending on fantasies, but history. They want history to repeat itself. They are waiting for their world to be restored to its former glory by the true heir of the king who took them to glory."
George affectionately looked at Moses. "Son, it doesn't matter to the people where you came from. What matters to them is that you are the Lost Heir of David and Solomon. They had been desperately waiting for. You are the bearer of that invincible amulet. Their hope lies with you and your amulet. And this hope gives them the courage to fight against all odds and dream for a better future. When darkness has engulfed you from everywhere, the faintest glimmer of hope becomes your lifeline. And you are not just a glimmer, but a shining beacon for this whole world."
Moses looked at George and he saw it in his eyes. Hope.
And that hope was their biggest weapon.






Chapter Fifteen
The Bridge of Betrayal
All the great empires, good or evil, are built on sacrifices
Elisium. 
5L 15/1
"What the hell have you done? Have you lost your mind? Gone nuts?" 
Andrews shouted at Olivier. 
In the ensuing confusion, William's military instincts kicked in. He quickly sprung into action and grabbed the guns they had surrendered when others were still in shock. "This meeting is done and dusted. We must run if we want to stay alive." 
But the guards had already blocked the exits. William pointed his gun at them. "We don't want any more bloodshed. Let us leave peacefully and this all ends here."
Orlando slammed his fist on the table. "You cannot escape after committing a murder. The culprit must be punished. None of you is leaving."
William held his ground. "We have weapons to defend ourselves. We will not surrender,"
"And we have hundreds of guards. You will not leave this place alive."
Andrews couldn’t still believe the madness around him. They all seemed to have lost their minds. They were ready to kill each other. The weapons were out. The tension was palpable. "Just stop this insanity. Why do you want to spill more blood."
Orlando gestured towards Richard’s dead body. "Can't you see blood has already been spilled? As per the laws of this land, a murderer can’t be spared."
"So, to catch a murderer you are ready to kill others who have done nothing?" 
"If you all side with this murderer you are partners in his crime. And it is not just about murder. If this man walks away free after committing the biggest crime we, the protectors of law, would have failed our people. We can not let that happen."
One mistake from anyone and this could go horribly wrong. Andrews had to somehow lower the levels of hostility. "Just calm down everybody. Please lower your weapons and we can try to reach an amicable solution." 
An eerie silence engulfed the room. People glared at each other. Tongues weren’t moving but all the minds were racing. Everyone was planning his next move. Orlando, at last, broke the silence. "Andrews, I have a solution. We will let you all go. My guards will transfer you and your men to the Abyss and you can jump back into your cursed world. Go there and give our message to your people that they are not welcome in this world. We will be guarding the entry point, and from now on, any intruder from Inferna will be killed at the entrance itself."
A reasonable offer. This meeting was ruined and this was the best they could hope for. Andrews’s dreams of uniting two worlds were shattered. The things had gone so badly that he might not even get another chance. He can mull over it later but for now, getting this delegation back to Aden was his top priority.
Andrews nodded. "Okay, we accept your proposal. We go to the inn, take other members of our delegation with us and return to our world."
However, Orlando had something else on his mind. "This deal comes with a clause. My duplicate stays here and receives his punishment for the murder of Richard."
Andrews had a hunch that Orlando was going to make such a demand. Before he can weigh in his options, William rejected the proposal. "That is not possible. Every member of the delegation is my responsibility. I will leave no one behind."
Orlando clenched his jaw. "Either he stays or none of you will ever leave. Life of a single murderer or nineteen other lives. It is for you to decide what you want to do."
Andrews heard someone snigger. It was Olivier. Orlando flinched seeing him laugh. "What makes you laugh you monster?"
Olivier was a great orator. His voice, style, and tone always expressed the emotion behind every sentence he spoke. It was quite clear that today his every word was filled with contempt, ridicule, and insult. "You still don't understand, do you? You don't have any power over us. You cannot stop me from going back to my world. I will go there and return with my armies. Then I will trample you worms under my feet. You all will fall to your knees, rub your noses on my feet and beg for mercy."
Andrews looked at Olivier with wide eyes. He has surely lost his mind and now he will lose his head too. And he is doing his best to get all the other heads on spears as well.
Orlando’s face turned crimson. His veins were throbbing. He looked as if he was going to burst. "Get hold of this monster. Let us show him our pow…"
Just like Richard, Orlando was not able to complete his sentence. Olivier’s bullet had pierced his throat. Another perfect shot. In some other circumstances he might have made Aden’s army proud but here he was proving to be a disgrace. In two shots Olivier had killed the two most powerful men in Elisium. 
Everyone inside the room just froze. None of them had seen a murder in their lifetime, and now they had witnessed two in few minutes. No one knew what to do. Confusion, panic, fear, hatred, anger. Their minds were going through a thousand emotions.
The commander of guards tried to take control of the situation. "Catch them all. Seize their weapons". The guards sprung in action and charged towards Olivier and his companions.
Andrews knew that if they were caught now, that would be their end. With no other option left, he fired his gun. William and the others followed suit. A few guards dropped to the ground whereas the others stopped in their tracks.
William pointed his gun at the guards blocking the door and signaled them to step aside. Elisians had never seen guns. They were petrified of this weapon that breathed fire. The guards stepped aside and Andrews and his companions ran onto the narrow streets of the Ruins. The Elisian guards were at their heels.
"What about the other members of the delegation who are still in the inn?" Andrews asked William.
"They are as good as dead. The inn is on the opposite side. If we try to go there and alert them we will never make it to the bridge. We must jump into the Abyss and inform our King about what happened here. So keep running."
Andrews was a relatively young man and William being the army chief was physically very fit. But surprisingly Olivier, despite his age, was able to keep up the pace with the other two. His three-year stint in the army had helped him maintain a good shape. He was a famous marksman during his days in the army and his two shots inside the Council were testaments to his shooting skills.
They kept running. Whenever the guards got too close they turned around and fired a few rounds to keep them at bay. However, the other three ministers weren't that fit. Exhaustion caught up with them and they fell one after another. They knew their guns were of no use when they were surrounded by the guards. All three of them chose to surrender rather than fight.
Andrews, William, and Olivier made it to the bridge. They had used up almost all their ammunition and the guards were still pursuing them. Andrews turned around and fired in the air to stop the guards from following them on the bridge. Andrews was huffing. "Those were my last bullets." 
William was on his hunches. "I don’t have any left as well, but we won't need them anymore. We are finally on the bridge. Let us jump before they catch us."
Andrews and William began to climb the railings but Olivier remained unmoved. "Before we jump I have one last thing to tell you." 
Andrews turned to face Olivier. "Not one. You have to give a lot of answers once we reach Aden. But first, we must leap.”
"That is what I want to tell you. You both have been a great support, and honestly, without you both I would have never made it to the bridge. But our companionship ends here. Back in our world, you both will be much more useful to me dead than alive."
Before Andrews could understand his meaning, Olivier pointed his gun at William and shot him a couple of times. "I had saved a few bullets for both of you."
Stunned by this sudden attack Andrews scampered to climb the railing, but Olivier was too quick for him. Two bullets pierced Andrews’s body and he slipped from the fence.
Andrews looked into the eyes of his assailant. People say that death brings divine intellect. All the recent events played out in Andrews’s mind during the last few seconds of his life. In those moments of unprecedented clarity, Andrews understood what Olivier was trying to do. He realized that he had badly messed up. He hadn’t only put this world and its innocent people in grave danger but had also paved way for the collapse of his own world.
Olivier came near Andrews. "All the great legacies, good or evil, are built on sacrifices. And over the blood of the nineteen Martyrs of Aden, I will build my empire. You all will become immortals in the history of the two worlds. And I will never forget that it was you who helped me achieve my dreams."
Olivier leveled his gun at Andrews and cold-bloodedly shot him right through his heart. When he breathed his last, it wasn't the pain of losing his life that despaired Andrews but it was rather the precarious situation he had put Elisium in, that weighed down on his soul.
Olivier hauled Andrews’s body over the fence. William was still hanging on to the railing.
"Well, I know you don't give up that easily. But it is time to go now." Olivier shot him again and pushed his body over the bridge.
The Bridge of Faith had just witnessed the biggest betrayal.
The guards of the Ruins couldn’t believe their eyes when they saw Olivier shoot his companions. They couldn’t understand what this man was up to. In the end, they overcame their fear of the guns and charged on the bridge.
Olivier climbed on the railings and mockingly waved at the soldiers. A devilish grin spread across his face as he jumped into the Abyss. He had been able to execute his plans to some overwhelming precision.
This expedition was a disaster for the two worlds, but for him, it was a roaring success.





Chapter Sixteen
The Declaration of War
If something hasn't happened in the past, it doesn't mean that it will never happen in the future
Elisium.
5L 21/15
“Here I present the fields of fascination. The farms of wonder.”
Christopher, the HighCommander of the Tenebra base was showing the Star-Rock fields to a group of delegates. The chief scientist took a small rock in his hand and had a close look at it. "These rocks are much smaller in size. We still have a large enough stock of Star-Rocks inside the Ruins, so I don't think we will need to use rocks from this site in the foreseeable future."
Christopher feigned a sigh of relief. "And I am very glad to hear that. Now let us go back to the headquarters and have some snacks.
Two men, hiding behind thick bushes, took note of this conversation. Christopher's face was very familiar to them. They saw it every other day and in more than one place. Once the delegates departed, one of the two men rushed back to report this development to his senior.
***
George was humming a tune when he entered the headquarters of David’s army. "Friends, I have some good news regarding our Star-Rock farms. The looters have enough stock of Star-Rocks inside the Ruins and are not interested in these small pieces. So there won't be any added security on our field."
Jacob slapped his thigh. "That is indeed some good news. After the assassination of Arthur, I thought they might put some extra security on these fields."
"What are these Star-Rock Farms?" Moses asked.
"Well you know, a large number of Star-Rocks are scattered in the fields north of the Ruins. Mostly these are small pieces, from the size of pebbles to melons. During the Rain of Fire, the large boulders that fell on the Royal Mounds exploded and these small pieces were scattered across the farms north of it. The looters only concentrate on large rocks as they are easy to transport to Aden and hence we get our hands on these smaller Star-Rocks."
“Our men can just collect these small rocks manually and bring them here,” George added. “We don’t need machines to lift them. The smaller ones are perfect to make ammunition whereas the bigger ones, the size of melons, are used for generating electricity."
Do you want another history lesson? Don’t ask the question.
"Electricity reminds me of something. From what I’ve understood from your stories so far, Aden never shared any technical knowledge with this world. Then tell me how the Refuge has electricity?"
"You are right son, they never did. The credit of electrifying this world goes to Andrews and Matthews. They developed a working model of a generator that could utilize the power of Star-Rocks. Matthews's descendants turned out to be equally gifted in the fields of science. Even today his great-grandson James, who is just seventeen, heads our arms factory. They kept on enhancing Matthews's design and today advanced versions of that machine provide electricity to the Refuge. No other settlement in this world has electricity. Our enemies don't even know that we are catching up with them in certain fields."
"Okay, but I’m still a little confused. If these Star-Rock farms are north of the Ruins, how’d you reach them? How’d you cross their fortified walls."
George and Jacob both gave that I-know-but-won’t-tell-you-smile. "That is a secret. And son you must see it rather than hear about it. We will soon take you there."
"That is a promise that has been made to Jennifer a hundred times, but my father isn't good with his promises." A girl entered the room with a tray filled with cups of coffee.
"Girl, I have always told you that I will take you there when I feel the time is appropriate for it." 
"And when will that be?" asked the girl.
"When we take over the Ruins," George said with a smile and quickly turned to Moses before his daughter could protest. "She is Jennifer, my daughter, your distant cousin, and your birth twin. She was born on the same day as you."
Moses took a closer look at Jennifer. She had a radiant face, flawless skin, long curly hairs, a near-perfect physique, and an infectious smile. She had a heavenly charm and an aristocratic grace that looked very out of place in the shambolic environment of the Ruins.
“Why can’t Jennifer come with you when you take him?” Jennifer asked gesturing towards Moses. “I am as old as he is.”
“That is a dangerous place, my girl. Can’t risk taking you there.”
Jennifer pressed her lips together and stared at Moses. “Luckily for you, Jennifer  missed becoming the Transitioner because I was born in the wrong world."
"And with the wrong gender," Jacob countered her. "I have already told you before that there have been no women Transitioners."
"If something hasn't happened in the past, it doesn't mean that it will never happen in the future. A lot of things have already happened in this loop that never happened before. Uncle Jacob, don’t be too sure about destiny's plans because she is always hiding a secret up her sleeves." 
Jacob smiled at her. "George, your girl has some spirit. She never gives up."
"She has her mother's genes. The famous fury of Solomon. Never shies away from a fight. And now my dear girl, if you will please leave us alone, there is an urgent matter we need to discuss."
"Hypocrisy of men just never ends. Jennifer hopes someday this world is ruled by a queen who tells all you men to get lost." Jennifer stomped her feet and stormed out of the room.
"Wow! She’s got some attitude. Now, what else do you want to discuss?" Moses asked.
"Josh, our super sniper, did skillfully assassinate the spy, but there was a little problem. Josh was unable to track Arthur down on his way and as a result, he had to wait till Arthur reached gateway number three. When Arthur got there Josh took him out, right beside the gate. What this means is that the enemies now know that we are not only conspiring against them but we have some decent weapons as well." George looked a little worried.
Nathan, the chief trainer of David's Army, was also present there. "Due to this assassination, they are a little rattled. The looters are now raiding the villages near that post, searching their houses, plundering their stores, and driving these people away from their lands." 
"Well then we must stop them from further harassing our people," Jacob said.
"And how you suggest we do that?" George asked.
Moses had a plan. "We ambush their raiding party and send them a message that they’re not welcome into our villages anymore."
Time for some action. Time to put all that lectures that you’ve endured to some good use. Hopefully, the theory part’s over and you’ll get some action.
"Son, we are not yet prepared for a full-fledged war. We need more time, more weapons. Even you still don’t know how to utilize its full potential."
Jacob, as always, had a different view. "You know, there won't be any full-fledged war. If we take the attack to them now they will think we are prepared for a full-fledged war. They will assume we are ready to take them on and that is when they will start to panic."
"What if they come at us with their full might?" George asked. 
Nathan knew about the enemy’s tactics. "As per my knowledge of their functioning, their masters in Aden never encourage their troops to engage in an open field battle. Once they know we have an army and weapons they will prefer to sit behind their solid defense structures."
"If that is true my friend, tell me why are they sending out these raiding parties? They already know we have weapons."
"They are just testing the waters," Nathan replied. "They want to see whether what happened to Arthur was a rogue attack or is there some organized army behind that."
"And once we attack them we will certify their doubts about an organized army and give away our element of surprise."
Jacob came up with a solid reason to go through with the attack. "You know, this might be a good time to show them our strength. The days of adversity are already over and now they cannot call any additional troops. They are stuck here with whatever they have. It is time we make our move and scare the hell out of them. Make them fear that their enemy is on a prowl and can attack any time. Let them spend the remaining days of this cycle shivering in their pants."
"Are you sure they won't come out with all their troops and start a rampage once we attack them?" George asked.
"Well, a coward's phony bravery only lasts till the time his enemy looks him in the eyes. After that, he hides his tail between his legs and runs away. Looters of Aden are the same. Despite all their superficial show of strength, they are frightened from within, because they know that this whole world is against them. The weight of that fear will suppress any urge of adventure.” 
How can a meeting end without Jacob hurling some heavy word bombs? When you go to war send him to frontlines and he’ll kill a few with his words alone.
Nathan replied with a more understandable strategy. “I think we must strike them with our full strength, kill as many men as we can and show them our power. If we pull this off, they will surely panic. They don't know this world that well and will not risk fighting us in unknown territory. They will have no option but to retreat in their shell."
George took a deep breath. "Okay friends. Then it is time we stop these looters from exploiting our people. It is time we show them our strength. It is time to declare war on Aden."





Chapter Seventeen
The Curse of Prisoners
A world is doomed, when hatred and fear take over the hearts of its people
Aden. 
5L 15/1
"Keep your soldiers on high alert. Shoot at anyone who emerges in the river. We may have been followed into this world." 
Olivier shouted on reaching the grass banks. Commander Desmond, head of the troops at Aden’s entry point, sprung into action and deployed all of his two hundred men around the river. Desmond then saw two bodies floating in the river.
“Bring them ashore,” Olivier ordered. Some soldiers jumped in the river and fetched the bodies
Everyone instantly recognized the dead. William and Andrews were famous men. Heroes of Aden. Legends in their respective fields. Desmond wanted to ask the HighMinister what happened to them, but Olivier was seemingly engrossed in his thoughts. Every few seconds he looked at the river as if he expected a monster to jump out of it. Olivier had an imposing personality and Desmond decided it was best to leave him alone at the moment.
Olivier paced back and forth on the riverbanks. More than six hours had passed since his arrival and yet nothing had happened. Every passing minute was getting on his nerves. Olivier knew that if the three ministers, who were present in the meeting with the Council, somehow made it alive to Aden it might prove very problematic for his plans. 
Olivier had done everything to enrage the people of Elisium. He had killed their two most influential men, insulted them, threatened them, and even called them worms and insects. Even while fleeing, he ensured that every warning shot he fired found a guard. The more dead bodies he left behind in his wake, the better for his cause. However, he knew that killing one person for the crimes of others, might not be justifiable to them. He was afraid that even after causing such mayhem, the morals and values of Elisium might just thwart his plans.
"Sir, we have got something in the river," one of Desmond’s men shouted. All the soldiers readied their guns to shoot. Desmond and Olivier strained their eyes towards the river and saw two big sacks floating. Desmond signaled to his men and a few soldiers jumped into the river to retrieve the sacks.
The sacks were covered in blood. Even before they were opened everyone knew that there was something ominous inside them. Their hearts were racing. Desmond gathered the courage to open one of the sacks and recoiled in horror. He couldn’t believe what he saw. He felt like throwing up. Severed heads of nine delegates were inside that sack. The other sack contained the heads of the other eight delegates. 
Olivier closed his eyes and let out a cry. For the men around him, it was a cry of anguish and despair. But in reality, it was a yell of relief and delight. His plan had succeeded. Hatred had triumphed over justice. Anger had overruled the consciences. Elisians had damned themselves.
***
Elisium.
(a few hours earlier)
Twenty-one coffins were laid out in the clearing outside the ruins of the Royal Mound. Coffins of Orlando, Richard, and nineteen other guards killed in the ensuing shootout. Seventeen prisoners, bound in heavy chains stood behind the dead bodies. Thousands of Elisians had assembled there for the urgent public gathering called by the Council.
After Olivier had escaped, the remaining members of the delegation were rounded up and put under arrest. One of the survivors of the attack on the Council then recounted the events of that morning to the public. He did a pretty good job of sensationalizing the murders and also gave an exaggerated account of Olivier’s threats and insults. 
Nicholas, Orlando's son who had taken his father's place as the acting head of the Council, then stood and addressed the people. "Just like the beginning of this loop, we are once again under attack by the monsters of Inferna. They came here pretending to be our friends but then murdered twenty-one people. This attack is an attack on our freedom. The leader of this delegation called us insects and worms. He threatened to bring his armies and trample us under their feet. We cannot let them intimidate us. We must give them a fitting reply and the best response would be to do what Richard had suggested.”
Nicholas paused a little and then pointed to the prisoners. “We must chop off the heads of these monsters and throw them into the Abyss. This will surely send a message to the demons of hell that they are not welcome in our world. People of Elisium, the Council seeks your approval to carry out this sentence. Give us a nod and we will show our enemies that no one can mess with us."
"We don't kill criminals. We don't treat murder with murder and many of these prisoners are not even murderers." Someone shouted from the crowd.
"Some of them may not have killed as yet, but they intended to do so. Every one of them was carrying weapons. They came here with intentions of destroying our world and that is their crime. Yes, we don't give death penalties, but a person is allowed to kill another in self-defense. We are doing this to defend our world. This is not revenge but a deterrent to stop our enemies from invading us. It is to ensure that no other Catastrophe hits our lands and turns our cities into Ruins. This is no time to be cowards or hide behind our damned consciences. So let go of it and allow us to do what is required."
There was a buzz in the crowd. This was a tough decision. No one had ever been executed in Elisium after Thomas’s tyrannical reign. Many even believed that Thomas’s brutality had brought the catastrophe upon them. And now it was a question of killing seventeen men together. 
"Kill them," shouted a man from the crowd and it had a rippling effect.
"We don't want any more demons entering our world," cried another.
“We can’t afford another Catastrophe,” a woman screamed.
"Show them our power. Show them they are not welcome here." 
Soon chants of  “kill them, kill them” echoed around the town square.
The fear of the unknown had blurred the line between right and wrong. The basic human instinct of survival had overwhelmed the lofty principles of righteousness and justice. The fate of the prisoners of Inferna was sealed. 
There were no executioners in Elisium. Nicholas took a sword and beheaded a prisoner. The guards who had lost their friends executed the remaining demons from hell.
The skies wept on this injustice. Heavy rains lashed out at the Ruins as these heads were put in sacks and thrown into the Abyss.
A world is doomed, when hatred and fear take over the hearts of its people. The Curse of these Prisoners spelled doom for this world. This mass execution started the downfall of Elisium. Never before had a world spiraled down as Elisium did in the next seven cycles
One step taken out of anger brought a prolonged misery for Elisians and paved the way for Olivier to execute his sinister plans.





Chapter Eighteen
A Shot of Fate
One bullet, at a right time, at the right target, can outweigh a thousand canons
Elisium
5L 21/15/4/5
“Remember son, you are here to just observe and not fight. You must stay away from the action.”
Moses heard George repeating the same thing for the umpteenth time. He was positioned alongside Nathan and George on a small hillock and was hiding behind thick bushes. From that spot, he had an unobstructed view of Clovefield, the village that was about to be raided by the looters.
Clovefield was close to gateway number three. Looters had arrived in this village five days ago and had threatened its residents to give them information about the killers of Arthur or face the consequences. Most residents of Clovefield knew there was no point in staying back to face the torture and had already left for the Refuge. 
For David's Army, the location of this village, surrounded by thick bushes, small hillocks, and only one access road, made it the ideal place for an ambush. If that single exit was blocked, the looters will be trapped.
Enemy vehicles approach the road towards Clovefield just around noon. There were twelve armored vehicles. During such raids, they generally used five to six vehicles but after Arthur’s assassination looters had doubled the strength of the raiding parties.
Moses noticed that George was fidgeting with his gun and biting his lips. 
He’s got the numbers, the element of surprise, the Transitioner and still he’s nervous. The tension of going to the battle for the first time. By the way, when’ll you get a chance to fight?
Moses had to admit that despite this being George’s first battle he had the brains for war. He had meticulously planned this ambush. He evacuated the village to keep civilians out of harm’s way, but he also asked them to leave behind some supplies and livestock. The bait. The looters hiding behind their armored trucks were no good. He had to drag them into the open to shoot them down.
Commander Roger was leading this raid. Clovefield looked like a ghost town when his convoy entered it. This was nothing new. Most of the time these poor villagers abandoned their settlements in fear of execution. This seemed like a similar case.
Roger got out of his truck and looked around. "Looks like these worms left in too much of a hurry and have left behind some gifts for us. Load this livestock in loading trucks. Let us have a barbecue tonight. Search the houses and get anything that might be of use to us."
Plundering was a regular feature during these raids. Empty villages were a blessing. No bickering and crying, just looting. The looters swiftly formed groups and began ransacking the houses. Some of them even removed the protective vests around their chests to beat the heat. A fatal mistake.
George had planned this to perfection. He placed a bait, lured his prey into a trap, gave them a false sense of security, and made them drop their guards. Now it was time to hunt.
Few minutes into the raid, some of the looters simultaneously felt as if someone had stabbed them in their backs. A searing pain, a burning sensation, and boom. They were blown to pieces.
Roger was quick. He immediately sprung into action. "Take cover, we are under attack, take cover," he shouted to his men, but they were like deers caught in headlights. There was incessant firing from all sides. His soldiers were exploding like balloons.
Roger had made a tactical blunder. Seeing the abandoned village his men became careless. To speed up the stocking many of them put down their guns and removed their protective vests. Thus they became easy targets. But that was the norm. They had followed the same routine many times before and no one had dared to even throw as much as a stone at them. There was no way Roger could have foreseen such an attack. But here he was. In the middle of mayhem. Many of his men got killed without even getting a chance to pick up their guns.
"Get to the trucks quickly. We must try and return to the base." Roger was desperate to save as many men as he could.
Moses saw the looters scramble towards their vehicles. Star-Rock pellets rained at them from all directions. They aimlessly fired in the direction of the gunfire, but George’s men had good cover. The looters kept falling. Or rather exploding
After a frantic struggle, around fifty men were somehow able to climb into six vehicles. Their drivers pressed floored the accelerators as their vehicles zoomed out of the village in a last-ditch attempt to escape. They had only driven two miles when a couple of fallen trees blocked their exit. This road was surrounded by a thick forest and there was no other way out. They were stuck. There was no escaping the death today.
Some of Roger’s men in the first vehicle came out to have a look at the roadblock. Another mistake. The ambush had messed up their brains. Shots were fired from either side of the road and three more looters were shot down.
Roger grabbed the radio inside his truck. "Stay inside the vehicles. Lock yourselves in. They can't penetrate our armored vehicles. We must wait for the reinforcement."
Although Roger was out of range and had no way to communicate with the base, he knew that when they will not reach the base on time his seniors will send out backup troops to look out for them. He just hoped that they send troops large enough to tackle these attackers.
The status quo was maintained for half an hour. Roger and his men stayed inside their vehicles. David’s army, hidden in the bushes, waited for them to come out.
By that time George, Nathan, Moses, and other soldiers who were inside Clovefield also reached that spot. They had taken over the army vehicles abandoned by Roger's fleeing convoy and drove them to the spot.
Nathan knew what their enemies were up to. "They are waiting for reinforcements to arrive. These reinforcements could be of any size. If they suspect foul-play they may send hundreds of looters and we won't be able to take them on. We must finish off these troops right now."
"My friend, our pellets can't penetrate these armored vehicles. Tell me how do we drag them out?" George asked.
"Then we must find out a way to break open the doors of these vehicles." 
George, Nathan, and Moses walked towards these trucks. Nathan closely inspected them from every side hoping to find a chunk in its armor. He threw up his hands in exasperation. "Can't find anything. They are like bunkers. I just don't know what to do."
Here’s your chance. It’s time to show your people the powers of the Transitioner and make them believe.
"I have an idea but I’d like you all to move back a little."
George raised an eyebrow and Nathan frowned, but both of them saw in his eyes that he knew what he was doing. A spark of confidence. They stepped aside and told others to do the same.
Moses closed his eyes. The amulet twitched in his neck. He felt some divine energy coursing through his veins. Tension built up in his body. His fingers started snapping. He took a deep breath, and then without any warning, kicked the armored truck in front of him. 
There are strange occurrences. There are weird incidents. And then there are events that cross the boundaries of believability. Incredible. Unimaginable. Mind-boggling. Everyone present there was at a loss for words. A truck, weighing several tons, flew off the ground and bounced a couple of times like a giant football before landing in the bushes. They couldn't believe their eyes. Their mouths were wide open. Finally, the Transitioner had awakened to his powers.
Moses walked towards the toppled truck and kicked its door. It broke off its hinges. The looters were sprawled inside the truck. Twisted arms, fractured legs, broken limbs, and dazed minds. They were in no position to react. They saw death in front of their eyes.
"Friends, we don't like to kill, but your bosses haven’t left us too much of a choice." George signaled to his men and they swiftly finished off the looters.
Moses then moved to the second truck. The looters inside it trembled when they saw Moses walking towards them. 
This’s fun. Very easy. Moses the Savior’s become Moses the kicker. Five more trucks to go.
***
Roger was watching this massacre from his vehicle. This was beyond his understanding. What kind of a monster can just kick a truck and make it fly. Anyways, now hiding inside these trucks was no longer an option. 
"Troops, it's time for battle. Better give a fight rather than get butchered," Roger bellowed on the radio. "Open the doors and charge. Let’s go out and kill a few worms. Let’s go down fighting. Let’s die with honor. Let’s die like heroes."
Before Moses could kick the third truck, Roger's men opened the doors and came out with their guns blazing. George's men quickly took cover. Although Roger's battle cry was very motivational, it hardly did his men any good. His men were surrounded from all sides and they only lasted a few minutes. 
Roger knew that this battle was lost. His fate was in front of his eyes. However, he got an idea. He still had a chance to do something which might have an everlasting impact in this war of two worlds. If he succeeded he would be remembered forever.
Roger, like many others, had always thought of the Amulet of Transition as some fantasy story. But after witnessing this mysterious guy’s incredible strength, he became a believer. This person has to be the bearer of that amulet. Roger had heard the legends. He knew that the amulet only wielded its powers to the true heir of Adam. And that was his way to glory.
When Roger’s soldiers had come out firing, their enemies had scampered for cover. Roger saw that most of the enemy soldiers scurried to his right whereas the amulet bearer went in the other direction. He was hiding behind a tree and that tree was just a few meters away from him. There was his window of opportunity.
Four soldiers were crouching behind a truck alongside Roger. He quietly signaled to them to follow him. They stopped the firing for a few seconds, gathered their breath, and made a dash towards their target. Enemies fired at them but they somehow made it. 
Roger’s eyes lit up when he reached the tree. His treasure was right there. The mystery man was standing all alone and, quite surprisingly, unarmed.
Roger looked at Moses and broke into a devilish grin. He was just a pull of trigger away from altering the fortunes of two worlds, forever. All those theories about the Dance of two sisters were going to be blown away. Roger was about to break the Wheel of Transition.
"I think your people might kill me but our people are going to have the last laugh." Roger pointed his gun at Moses's head. "And I, not you, will be forever remembered as the ultimate hero."
One bullet, at a right time, at the right target, can outweigh a thousand canons.
Roger fired that shot of fate.
***
Moses saw the enemy commander in front of him. He didn’t even have a weapon on him as he was not supposed to fight. He froze. His mind went blank.
You shouldn’t have come here. You weren’t ready. It’s over. You can do nothing. You’re going to be killed.  
Moses closed his eyes. His fingers snapped. Roger’s shot rang louder than a bomb. The bullet hit Moses flush in the center of his forehead. For a moment there was a sharp pain but then there was bliss. A feeling of nothingness. Darkness gave way to bright light.
Gracefully, as if in a slow-motion, Moses’s lifeless body fell to the ground. 
With him fell the hopes of a whole world.
With him died the dreams of millions.





Chapter Nineteen
The Forbidden Fruit
Only tough choices distinguish between modest kings and great emperors
Aden 
5L 15/1/1/6
"Get me on your fastest vehicle. Time is of utmost importance."
Olivier was dying to meet the king. He hadn’t expected things to turn out so well.
"Yes sir, those were the precise instructions given to me. To bring the returning delegates to Aurae as quickly as possible. But no one ever imagined that the delegates would return like this," Desmond added looking at the severed heads.
Olivier was finding it hard to control his emotions. He felt like dancing but had to settle for a dejected look. "Yes, no one ever thought of this. We must carry the bodies of William and Andrews and heads of the martyrs to Aurae. They must get funerals worthy of kings."
"Yes sir, I will load them into the vehicles and we must move at once."
"We must not abandon this post. What if someone from Tenebra tries to intrude in our world. We must send some more reinforcements to guard this post." Olivier wanted to ensure that the news of what actually happened in Elisium never reaches Aden.
"I think you are right. I will escort you to Aurae and leave behind my troops to guard the post. I will also ask for more reinforcements to be sent here."
The dead bodies and the severed heads were loaded in a truck. Olivier and Desmond sat in another army vehicle and left for Aurae.
They reached Aurae just before dawn. Olivier asked Desmond to take him straight to the Grand Palace.
"Waking up King Samuel at this hour won't be a great idea," Desmond suggested.
Olivier gave him a cold stare, and Desmond got his answer. He quietly instructed his driver to take them straight to the palace.
King Samuel didn’t look perturbed at being woken up at this early hour. He was happy about finally receiving some news about the delegation.
Samuel hugged his HighMinister and his childhood friend. "Olivier, you all have kept me on the edge of my seat. Where are the others? They must have directly gone to their homes for some well-deserved rest."
Olivier hung his head and remained silent. Samuel understood that there was something wrong. "What happened? In God’s name Olivier, please speak."
"The delegation didn't return as we had planned. In fact, I am the only one who has returned alive."
Samuel sunk into a nearby chair. His head was spinning. That was the last thing he had expected to hear."Oh my God. Tell me what happened?" 
Olivier sat down on the chair next to the king and narrated his well-rehearsed fabricated version of the events. He needed to make Samuel believe that Tenebra was far removed from civilized society and its residents were nothing short of savages. 
"Andrews got carried away by his discovery and got himself and many others killed. His plan to develop a harmonious relationship with them was extremely over-ambitious. Those people don't understand the meaning of cooperation. The moment they knew that we were from the other world they turned hostile. And when Andrews told them about our need for the Star-Rocks, they were convinced that we were plunderers. They called us looters and gave orders to execute all of us and throw our heads into the whirlpool."
"Then how by the name of the merciful God did you escape?" 
"We fired our guns and fled towards the whirlpool. Our delegates fought but fell one by one. Only Andrews, William, and I made it to the bridge. Those savages picked up the guns of our fallen members and fired at us. William was shot while climbing the fence to jump into the whirlpool. Andrews sacrificed his life to save mine and took the bullets meant for me. I owe my life to him. I will be forever indebted to him." Olivier surprised himself with his acting skills. He even managed to bring a few tears to his eyes.
"So Tenebra is never going to be our friend. We must forget this whole thing as a bad dream."
That wasn’t what Olivier had planned. "We must not take any decisions in haste. We must think about this from every different aspect."
"If they don't want to cooperate with us then what options do we have?"
"Before reaching any decisions we must consider a few things. First tell me, are these Star-Rocks as useful as Andrews said?" Olivier already knew the answer. During their two days journey in Elisium, he had learned everything about that world and the Star-Rocks from Andrews. These rocks were the heart of his plan. The core of the forbidden fruit. He had to make Samuel bite it and get banished. And then the Paradise would be his.
"They could be even better than what Andrews thought. Our scientists spent days and nights on these samples and have confirmed these rocks have huge potential."
"Our fuel reserves won't last till the end of this loop and we have no other alternative. Our world will come to a standstill. We can't let go of Star-Rocks. You have to consider that before making any decision."
"But how in God’s name will we get those rocks if those wretched people don’t even allow us to enter their world?" Samuel asked.
"If they don't allow us, we take it from them without their consent. We send an army to Tenebra to bring those Star-Rocks to Aden."
"Have you left your brain behind in Tenebra? You are asking me to invade another world? You know it will lead to massive bloodshed. Innocents will be killed. Even Adeners will turn against me."
Olivier knew this was the tricky part. He knew his friend very well. Samuel will never agree to spill blood. Olivier will have to trick him into believing something else. "There won't be a war. Those people are savages but they are not fools. They won't dare to fight a big army brandishing advanced weapons."
"I just want to remind you that they brutally beheaded seventeen men. So can you please enlighten me why in the name of Holy Angels they won’t fight?"
"We were only a few men with guns and yet they put down their weapons and almost allowed us to flee. They were scared of our weapons. Their swords and bows are no match for our firearms. Our delegates got killed because they were heavily outnumbered and weren't prepared for a fight. But if we send a large well-trained army with sophisticated weapons, they will stand no chance. I ensure you, they will quietly surrender. Our troops will get what we want and will return safely to our world."
Samuel narrowed his eyes. "And how big an army do you think is good enough?" 
"Five to six thousand at least. The more, the better."
"We just have a couple of thousand men in Aurae. Adeners are pretty law-abiding people so we have never needed too many soldiers. From where will we get such a huge army?"
"Recruit more people in the army of Aden by offering them some lucrative benefits. I am sure many commoners will grab such an opportunity. Then train these recruits specifically for this mission. We have seven years to prepare for this."
"And what about weapons? A few hundred guns present in this city wouldn’t be enough for thousands of soldiers. Where are the weapons coming from?"
Olivier liked where this conversation was heading. Samuel had bought into his plan. He was already thinking about the army and the weapons. "Yes, we don't have that many guns, but we know how to make them. We must utilize our knowledge and ask our technicians to develop better weapons. You will have to create a separate arms-and-ammunition department and allocate funds to them to speed up the weapon manufacturing."
"I am still not sure about starting a war. I can't convince myself to spill innocent blood."
Olivier sighed. A step forward and then back to square one. Samuel’s conscience was pulling him back. "Just like us, Elisium has no army. There were hardly a few hundred guards in the Ruins. Believe me, when they will see our huge army laced with dangerous weapons, they will surrender without a fight. Rest assured, not a single drop of blood will be spilled."
"But how in Almighty’s name will we convince our Council for this mission? If there is even a slight chance of bloodshed they will never agree to send an army."
Olivier had already thought about this. "I think our enemies did us a big favor by sending those severed heads. Show them to the Council. Tell them that the people of Tenebra have declared war on us and we have no choice but to attack them before they attack us. We must take the fight to their world before they enter our world and turn it into a battlefield. These severed heads, this stupid act of brutality, will sway public emotions in your favor. Fear is the biggest motivator. This monstrosity will shake our people to their core and they will back our plan of sending troops to Tenebra. Everyone will vote for fighting this bloody war in that dark world rather than our own backyard."
"You said there will be no war. So when our troops return without a war won't they suspect that we did this just for the sake of these Star-Rocks?"
Almost there. Samuel was having a good look at the apple. Olivier had to just make it a little bit more tempting for Samuel to bite it. "That wouldn’t be an issue. We will tell people that our enemies surrendered without a fight after seeing the might of our army. And in exchange for peace, they agreed to give us these rocks. That is going to be a win-win situation for you. People will hail you as a hero who vanquished the enemies of this world without spilling any blood. And while doing so also solved Aden's biggest problem by getting the Star-Rocks. You will become immortal in the history of Aden. You will be remembered as the greatest king after Solomon the Conqueror.”
Glory. The eternal weakness of all the kings. Olivier had expertly tickled that vein. Samuel had plucked the apple. Very close. "As a king, you must make some hard decision. You must do what is best for your people. Only such tough choices distinguish between modest kings and great emperors. Believe me, and I am telling to you as your childhood friend and not as your advisor, that this is your shot at glory. Very few kings get such opportunities. Your one decision will not only change your fate but the fortunes of this whole world." That last sentence was very true, but Samuel was nowhere close to understanding its true meaning.
Samuel bit the Forbidden Fruit. The Fruit of superficial Glory. The Fruit of rapacity.
He was about to lose his paradise. His Eden. His Aden.




Chapter Twenty
The Amulet and the Souls
Prayers are the most lethal weapons in hopeless situations
Elisium
5L 21/15/4/5
“Oh God, please, please. Don’t let that happen. Don’t let this world slip into despair again.”
George ran out from the bushes, shooting wildly. Nathan was behind him. Everything had happened so fast that they had no time to react. They hadn't expected the cornered enemy commander to make such a bold move. By the time they understood what Roger was up to he had already reached Moses. Everyone ran towards Moses but it was too late. They heard that shot. Their hearts sank. Roger had made an everlasting impact on this war. And on the destinies of these worlds.
Soldiers of David’s army open-fired at Roger and his men. George and Nathan rushed to check on Moses. Their much-awaited savior was lying on the ground. There was a bullet wound in the center of his forehead. Nathan checked his pulse. Nothing. He felt his heart stop and his knees go weak. Moses, the Savior, was dead.
George sank to the ground near Moses's dead body. All he could see was darkness. He found it hard to breathe. He felt his world crumble around him. One little mistake and all the hopes of a better world had gone up in smoke. Destiny can be a cruel tyrant. 
Nathan got hold of himself. This wasn’t a time for mourning. Enemies look-out troops could reach there any time. "Check on the enemies and make sure to leave no one alive. We want their masters to see the massacre but we don't want them to know about Moses."
Nathan noticed that Roger was still twitching. The Star-rock pellet hadn't pierced his body and had exploded around his legs. Roger was injured but wasn’t dead. Nathan aimed his gun at Roger's head.
"Stop. He could be useful to us alive. He may have some vital information about our enemy. And after this," George pointed to Moses's dead body, "we will require every little bit of information we could get. The odds are now heavily stacked against us."
"Put him into a truck and also put our men's bodies into the vehicles. How many are down?" Nathan asked.
"Four, including Moses," one of his men replied.
George still couldn't come to terms with what just happened. It felt like a nightmare. His troops had killed more than a hundred enemies with very few casualties. This mission would have been a roaring success if not for that one blunder. That one casualty was worth more than thousands. Its burden was weighing down heavily on his soul. He didn't know how he was going to face his people.
George's men started their return journey once they had placed their dead and injured inside the seized trucks. Their caravan got a huge reception when it reached the Refuge. People came out of their houses to welcome their brave soldiers. The caravan stopped near the headquarters of David's army.
Jacob walked out of the building humming a song. This was their first victory. He wanted to hear every little detail of this battle. He hurried towards George and Nathan, but Moses wasn’t with them.
"Well, where is Moses?" Jacob asked. 
George just stood there. He couldn’t find words to break this news. His silence was gnawing at everyone. He quietly looked at Nathan to help him out. Nathan signaled to his soldiers and they carried Moses's body out of the truck.
Jacob suddenly leaped at George and pushed him against a truck. "I told you he is not ready. I told you again and again that he still doesn't fully understand the powers of his amulet."
"We didn't take him there to fight. We just wanted him to see what it means to be in a war. Nathan and I were always with him."
"Well, then tell me how did he end up like this? Tell me how you two are alive and he is dead?"
George didn’t have an answer for that. Nathan tried to calm Jacob down. "We just lost him for a moment and the enemy commander shot him."
"You know, you just didn't lose him for a moment, you lost this war. Well, your one moment of error has cost Elisium its future. You have doomed this world." This shock proved a little too much for Jacob's old mind and body. He collapsed to the ground.
George could understand why Jacob was mad at him. Since the day he got banished, Jacob had spent his entire life planning to free this world from tyranny. He had toiled hard to form David's army with him and Nathan. He had eagerly waited for the Transitioner. When Moses arrived, they all believed that they will be able to save this world. But this one incident had changed everything. Messed up their plans. "Take him inside and lay him down on his bed. He needs some rest." 
George ordered looked around him. A huge crowd had gathered there in anticipation, but now their faces wore a look of despair. Hope was quickly fading from Refuge. Gloom was clawing its way back. "My brothers and sisters, let us prepare for the funeral. First, we must bury our martyrs with full honors, and then we will have a lot of time to worry about our future."
***
Adam marched angrily towards Moses, grabbed him by his shirt, and shook him. "You idiot. You fool. You walked into a battle and got yourself killed. Do you know what that means?”
Adam had a habit of asking questions and then reply to them himself. “This means there is no bearer left for that amulet. There is no one left to look over the Transition. As if the things weren't bad enough in this loop, you further worsened it with your stupid act."
Samuel came up with a suggestion. "But we have other descendants alive. Why can't anyone from amongst them become the bearer of this amulet?"
"You just shut up. It was you who started all this mess by listening to that devil and attacking this world. You just don't get me started on your idiocies." Samuel quietly sat down. He knew further riling up Adam, when he was already in such foul mood, was not a great idea. 
"I just feel all my descendants have just taken leave from their senses. First Noah, then Solomon, then you," Adam glared at Samuel, "and now this fool. Can't anyone of you just think straight?"
Noah shook his head. "Is it mandatory for you to mention me whenever you talk about anyone making mistakes? Anyways I will answer your question, my son." Noah quickly turned to Samuel before Adam could have a go at him. "The amulet can only be passed from a father to his son. We all have followed this system in the past five loops and this chain cannot go in reverse. Moses inherited this amulet from his father, via his mother, and now it must pass on to his son. It cannot go back one generation up or be passed on to anyone else. It has to follow a single line."
"And because of this foolhardy adventure Moses got killed before having a son and that amulet is now left without a bearer." Adam summarized the problem at hand.
But Solomon was thinking about something else. "I am a little confused. that amulet saved me from certain death. It even saved Moses from drowning. So why didn't it save Moses from that gunshot?"
Adam sighed. "That amulet has no will of its own. It follows the will of its master. It saved you because you wanted to be saved. It killed your enemies because you willed it to do so. It saved Moses from drowning because at that time he was desperately looking for a way to save himself and the others. But here in this battle.."
"I was caught by surprise and I panicked." Moses completed what Adam was trying to explain. "My mind went blank. I just froze and didn't know what to do. And before I’d think of anything he shot me."
"That is why Moses needed to get accustomed to the functioning of the amulet before going into such battles," Adam added. "He should have understood that he mustn't panic in any situation. When his mind was clear, he used the power of the amulet to kick away those trucks. But at a critical juncture, he just blanked. I tried to whisper to him, just the way I had whispered to Solomon and others at their time of distress, but he didn’t listen. If he would have willed the amulet to save him, it would have blocked the bullet or even killed his attacker. But such a level of control comes with practice. Moses entered a battle without properly knowing how to use his weapon and even the most powerful weapon in the hands of a novice is useless. Now we have to face the consequences of his misadventure. Do you understand what your death means?"
"You’re left without a true heir," Moses replied.
Adam clenched his jaw. "It is not about prolonging my dynasty you fool. Your death means the line of kings, the chain of Transitioners is broken. A lineage that had continued for five loops, through all the ups and downs. Now we don’t have anyone who has the powers to oversee the Transition. With all the nasty things that have already happened in this loop, I fear that the Dance of two Sisters will come to a tragic end."
David knew who had the powers to solve this problem. "We cannot turn back the clock grandfather, but you Adam the first, the one who forged that amulet must have a solution. The powers in that amulet came from you, so you are the one who is greater than the amulet."
"I wished that was true but the amulet was forged with the help of some divine powers. It was made under the watch of those Supreme beings or Lords of Nature, whatever you like to call them. They started this Wheel of Transition and put this system of transferring this amulet from father to son. With a linear transfer down the generations, they wanted the amulet and its bearers to become one. To become inseparable. The Amulet is part of us and we are a part of it. We are it and it is us. Haven't you all felt this?”
Solomon remembered his first contact with the amulet. “I felt a surge of energy course through my body when my father put it around my neck. I felt as if something latched on to my soul.”
“Yes, it connects to our souls. Even after we die, a part of our divine soul becomes a part of this amulet. The ruby at its center bears the souls of the Transitioners and the twenty diamonds around it bear the souls of the other twenty bearers from every loop. With the passing of every loop, the amulet becomes more powerful because more souls attach to it. We can do these conferences because our souls are part of this amulet and thus we are all connected. Amulet feeds from the energy of the Bearer and the Bearer gets his powers from it.”
"Okay, we understand that the Amulet and the Bearer become one and support each other. But tell me what will now happen to the amulet once there is no rightful Bearer?" Abraham asked Adam.
“That is what I am trying to think. Once the amulet joins a bearer their souls get attached to such an extent that they become a single soul. A single soul in two different bodies. Now after Moses's death, a part of his soul has joined the amulet, but the amulet itself is left without a soul to attach to.”
For the first time in the history of the conferences, Noah looked worried. “Are you sure the amulet can’t attach to any of our other descendants?” 
Adam shook his head. “The most important aspect of this system is the holy count of twenty-one. Our months, years, cycles everything adheres to the powers of this holy number. There are twenty-one cycles in a loop, so there can only be twenty-one Bearers, twenty Transfering Bearers and one Transitioner, in every loop. That is the system put in by Nature and I don't have powers to change this rule."
“Every rule can be bent during desperate times,” Noah suggested.
Adam leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes. Then he started mumbling in a low voice. “The Amulet cannot survive without a bearer and the bearer is dead. However, before its returns to its roots, it must find a final resting place. A carrier for its final journey."
Nobody understood what Adam was saying, but Adam just had an idea. He opened his eyes and looked at everyone in the room, "Just keep praying because, because prayers are the most lethal weapons in hopeless situations."





Chapter Twenty-One
The Right of the King
Decisions made out of malice and hatred always come back to bite their perpetrator
Aden
5L 15/1/1/14
"That is the only way we can protect our world from the invasion of Tenebra. For God’s sake, we have to take this step. There is no other option."
Samuel concluded his address to the Council and sat down on his golden throne. Olivier was pretty pleased. His friend had done a great job of digging a hole for himself.
Daniel Donald, the minister of public affairs, stood up. "With all due respect Your Highness, first of all, it was you who decided to send a delegation to that world while many members of the council were against it. Now you want us to start a war with that world. If not for your ill-advised delegation no one in Tenebra would have known the route to this world and we would have lived in peace forever."
"When we will run out of the fuel, that peace won't last for long. I did what I did to secure a better future for our coming generations."
Daniel wasn’t convinced by his king’s argument. "Trying to secure a better future by sacrificing the present is utter foolishness. I am sure our scientists will find out some alternative by the time our fuel reserves get exhausted."
"But I am not sure our enemies will wait till then. They will attack us and turn our world into a battlefield. We should strike them before they strike us."
"We can't allow bloodshed on basis of some speculations. It is against the values of our world."
Malcolm Lewis the minister of resources didn’t want the Star-Rocks to slip out of his hands. "HighMinister Olivier was there. I think we should ask for his opinion."
Olivier’s every word was well calculated. "After what little I have seen of them I can say that people of that world are unpredictable uncivilized savages. They may attack us and they may not. At present, they don't have the weapons to match us, but since they already have our guns they may copy those. They certainly have brains."
"That is my whole point. We attack them before they can develop any weapons and there will be no bloodshed. They will surrender without a fight. Then we will maintain an army base in Tenebra that will guard the entry point into our world and ensure that no monsters ever enter into Aden. That base will also keep an eye on the people of Tenebra and deter them from planning any aggression against us." Olivier was extremely pleased. Samuel was just repeating what Olivier had fed him during their meetings. 
"And what if they don't surrender?" Daniel asked.
"They will, I ensure you that," 
"What are your views HighMinister?" Malcolm again asked Olivier.
Olivier had played his cards to perfection. He had convinced Samuel that in the Council meeting Olivier must pretend to be neutral. If they both vouched for the invasion the Council might suspect some foul play and vote against it. So Olivier protected his neck while Samuel did the dirty job for him.
Olivier pointed to the heads of the martyrs which were placed on a nearby table."As I said they are unpredictable. They may fight or they may not, but these severed heads are examples of what they can do. A sign of their monstrosity. Now we must decide that do we want to take resolute action to deter them from any such acts in the future or do we want to wait and let them make a move. A move they may never make. But if they do make, we might regret our inaction." Olivier had worked the magic of his words. Without even using the words like war or army he skillfully endorsed their plan of sending troops to Elisium.
Daniel was dismissive of that idea. "After hearing the account of what happened in the meeting in that world from the HighMinister, I don't think they will attack us. They can't be that foolish to attack an enemy they have no chance of winning against."
"Even though it may be an utterly nonsensical step, but what if they do develop some weapons and decide to attack." Malcolm countered him. 
"We can guard the entry point in our world. If they do come we stop them right there and the war never reaches our towns. Maybe we are reading too much into these severed heads. They may just be a warning for us to stop trespassing in their world. We don’t bother them anymore and there might never be a war."
Other ministers too joined in with their opinions. The arguments just went on and on. Olivier knew Samuel was hoping for a unanimous decision but it was evident that these severed heads hadn't been able to frighten some of his ministers. It was pretty clear that they were not going to reach an agreement even if they spent months discussing this same topic. Olivier had pretty much calculated that this was about to happen and he had suggested Samuel a way out of this situation. A way that was going to seal Samuel's fate. 
Samuel was not known for his patience. He got fed up with the discussion and took that drastic step. "I think our opinions are very divided and we are never going to reach a decision. Thus I have no option left but to invoke the Right of the King."
There was complete silence in the Great Hall. Now there was no room for any further discussion.
"You fully understand what you are doing? You know the consequences." Daniel tried to warn him.
"Yes, I understand the consequences but I firmly believe that this is the only way forward and this is the best we can do for Aden."
Samuel stood up from his throne. He raised his right hand and said in a loud voice; "I King Samuel the Brave, by the powers vested in me by my forefathers, invoke the Right of the King. I pass the order to prepare an army to send to Tenebra during the next Crossing. I order all our ministers to put in their best efforts to raise this army and equip them with the best weapons. Furthermore, I relieve this council of all the consequences borne out of this decision. Only I should be held accountable for any misfortunes that occur due to this order. I appoint the Almighty, the Lords of Nature, my revered forefathers, and the members of this Council as witnesses to my oath. May the Almighty bless us all and guide us in our endeavor to make this decision live up to its expectations."
Rarely had the Right of the King been invoked in the history of Aden. In his pursuit of achieving ultimate greatness, Samuel had taken a step too bold.
Olivier wanted to dance. He had advised Samuel to use the Right of the King if the Council didn't agree to his ideas but he hadn’t actually expected him to do so. Samuel didn’t just bite the forbidden fruit, he completely gulped it. And now Olivier was a step closer to his ultimate goal.
***
Aden
5L 15/8/1/1
The days of darkness were meant to be spent behind closed doors but today Mel's riverfront was flooded with people. It looked like everyone in Aurae had poured out of their houses to bid farewell to their heroes. Six thousand men were about to depart to the dark world to protect their beautiful Aden from the invasion of hideous monsters. The road to the Deck of the Nineteen martyrs was blocked by the massive crowds. The weather was gloomy but the spirits were high.
King Samuel, all the members of the Council, and all the important personalities of Aden were present at this function. With the first rays of the rising sun, the Eye of Tenebra magically appeared below the deck.
How two mysterious whirlpools appearing exactly at the same time, created portals to connect the two worlds was beyond the realms of scientific theories. This was one of those mysteriously beautiful artistries of nature that kept the human mind striving for more knowledge.
However, this wasn't a day to dwell in mystery but was the day to become a part of history. There was a large stage built near the deck. King Samuel and some other high-profile people were seated on that stage. To begin the proceedings Olivier climbed the stage and stood in front of his King. The crowd looked at them in anticipation.
Samuel addressed his people. "The monsters in that world killed nineteen brave men but by God’s grace HighMinister Olivier survived that massacre. After facing what he faced there, no other person would have even thought of going back to the world which almost devoured him. But as he was the only person who had seen that world, I requested Olivier to guide our troops in that treacherous world. Being a brave person who loves to take on challenges, he readily agreed to head this mission. Holy heavens know that this world will always be indebted to him for his courage. I hereby appoint HighMinister Olivier Emmanuel the HighCommander of this mission and give him full authority to take any necessary decisions on behalf of the King. Let us pray to the Supreme Powers that he returns to us very soon, virtuous and victorious."
Amidst loud cheering, Samuel pinned a diamond-studded broach on Olivier's chest. "I have not only pinned the hopes of this world on you," Samuel whispered to Olivier, "but also my fate. Trusting your judgment, I have risked everything I have. So just make sure that everything goes to the plan."
"Don't worry my friend, I will make sure that everything exactly happens as I have planned," Olivier replied with an ambiguous smile. Samuel never guessed the real meaning behind those words.
Malcolm then walked toward the king. Samuel pinned another broach on Malcolm's chest. "Our resource minister Malcolm has also volunteered to go on this mission. I appoint him as the deputy HighCommander."
Once the announcements were done, the first company of hundred soldiers came forward on the Deck of the Nineteen Martyrs. This deck was built exactly on the spot where the bridge of faith stood in Elisium. On the sound of cannon fire, the heavily armed soldiers leaped into the whirlpool. A loud cheer echoed around the shores of Mel. Samuel signaled to Olivier and Malcolm after twenty companies of soldiers had departed.  They walked to the front of the deck and leaped into the other world amidst the loudest cheers of the day.
Olivier and Malcolm got a loud reception on the other side as well. Gunfires, a lot of them. But not the ceremonial ones. Their troops were engaged in a battle with their enemies. Olivier had anticipated that. This wasn’t such a bad start. More the blood the better for him. 
Desmond, who had jumped a few minutes before Olivier, called out to him. "Swim to the right bank Sir, we have secured some area on this side.”
Gunshots echoed around the banks of Vinum. Olivier and Malcolm quickly swam to the safe spot. Desmond took them behind a tree. Henry, son of William and the chief of Aden’s troop was waiting for them there.
“Quickly brief me about the situation here," Olivier told Henry.
“They were expecting us but I guess they weren’t anticipating a large army. Many soldiers from our first few companies got shot by their arrows. However, once our troops reached the banks and started firing they began to fall back. They are putting up a fight, but they neither have the numbers nor the weapons. It must not take long... Oh damn."
A couple of arrows pierced the bodies of two soldiers standing behind Henry. "Take cover," Henry shouted as more arrows flew in their direction. Olivier and Malcolm crouched to the ground. 
“Desmond you look after the ministers and let me take care of these stinging insects,” Henry ordered his subordinate and rushed in the direction of the arrows. 
***
Tall bushes and trees provided a good cover to the Elisian fighters, but with thousands of Aden’s soldiers now scanning the riverfront, there was no place left to hide. Some of them had gauged the situation and fled into the jungles, but those who stood their ground were now surrounded.
Henry was facing about a hundred men who were skilled marksmen. Their arrows had hit hundreds of Aden’s soldiers who were now floating in Mel. Henry hid behind a tree and closely inspected the scenario. The opportunity to finish this battle stood right in front of him. He whispered something into the ears of one of his lieutenants who rushed to the riverbank and assembled the companies emerging from the river. Meanwhile, Henry and his men kept firing in the direction of the enemies and kept them engaged.
Henry had by now understood that this was Elisium’s largest fighting unit. He surrounded these archers and blocked their movement. He wanted to make them restless. With their fellow fighters falling all around them, and they not being able to break the shackles, they were bound to make a desperate move. However, this waiting game perfectly suited Henry. His surprise packages needed a little time to reach their spots. He maintained the stranglehold on this company while his other troops cleared the smaller enemy units.
During these exchanges, Henry saw the enemy commander and his eyes lit up. That was a very familiar face. He smiled to himself contemplating the irony of destiny. On the other hand, his counterpart was frenetically trying to somehow get his troops out of this deadlock. In a last-ditch attempt to break free, he asked his man to charge, but before they could do so they were hit by bullets from behind their backs. Henry’s surprise troops had reached their spot. 
Henry took out a second to silently gloat over his war awareness. He had seen a small mound right behind this enemy unit and had discreetly sent his soldiers towards it. While his troops engaged with the Elisians from the front side, his other companies quietly took control of the hillock. Once they were in position, they started shooting at the archers. Startled by this sudden attack from behind, some of the archers panicked and tried to run, but Henry's men took them out from the front side. Adeners shot down these Elisians from both directions. They were like a pack of beasts surrounded by a large ring of hunters.
"Put down your arms and surrender. That is the only option left for you," Henry shouted.
His counterpart had seen that whether his men tried to fight or flee, a bullet was what they got. He gave a signal to his soldiers. They put down their bows and came out of the bushes with their hands raised above their heads. Henry’s men swiftly put these soldiers under arrest. The first battle of Elisium had ended in less than a couple of hours. 
Elisians had prepared for some intrusions but they got a full-fledged invasion. They had undermined their enemies and were about to pay a heavy price for that.
***
"How many men did we lose?" Olivier asked Henry.
"More than four hundred and still counting. Some bodies have washed downstream and are yet to be retrieved." 
Henry, the son of William the former army chief who had lost his life in this world, was as brave as his father. Once Samuel had decided to send troops to Elisium, he had appointed Henry as the head of the army. Henry was enraged by his father's murder and wanted revenge. Samuel had given him full authority to recruit as many men as he wanted, then train them and arm them with the best weapons. Henry had exceeded the expectations and raised a fearsome army of six thousand men. 
For Olivier, Henry was the perfect asset. Driven by his hidden anguish he was a bomb ready to explode. Olivier just had to skillfully manipulate him.
"And how many did we kill?" 
"About two hundred maybe. Haven't counted them all."
"So we lost more than we killed?" 
Henry’s jaw tightened. "Yes, because our first few companies who emerged on this side were caught in the arrow storm of these spineless worms. They were shot in the water before they could even reach the banks. And I must admit that these insects were quite good with their useless weapons," Henry added and punched one of the detained archers in his face.
Olivier liked what he saw. Henry was already fuming. All he needed was a nudge in the right direction. "And how many of them have we captured alive?" 
"Another two hundred. Now tell me what should I do with them?" Henry kicked a prisoner this time.
"What options do we have?" 
"We have to keep them as prisoners," Desmond suggested.
Olivier curled his lips. "That is a good idea commander, but tell me where will you keep them? We don't have prison cells here. And if you have forgotten I must also remind you that we have to move towards the Ruins, so we don't have time to construct a prison here." 
Malcolm chipped in with another idea. "We can take them with us. With many of our soldiers martyred we can accommodate them in our vehicles."
Olivier took a deep breath. He was known for his calmness but these fools were testing his limits. "Yes, we can take the prisoners with us, feed them, take care of them and appoint a few hundred men to guard over them. Commander Henry, can we afford such a luxury?" 
Henry shook his head accompanied by a death stare.
Desmond furrowed his brow. "But we can't just let them go." 
Henry stroked his small beard. "Yes, we just can't let them go. They have killed hundreds of our men. If we set them free they will strike back. They are skilled fighters. They will go back, regroup, recruit more men and attack us again. We can't allow that to happen. Considering the circumstances I assume we don't have much of a choice."
That last sentence made Desmond recoil. "We can't do that. We don't want bloodshed."
Henry’s face was flushed. He grabbed Desmond by his collar and pointed to the river. "Don't want bloodshed? This river is red with the blood of our men. Hundreds of them are lying around dead and we don't even know how many bodies have washed downstream. If you haven't noticed bloodshed has already begun. And it wasn't us who started it. But we will surely finish it."
"But these men have surrendered and we can't slaughter unarmed men. It will be an unforgivable sin." Desmond tried his best to dissuade Henry.
"They shot down hundreds of our men when they were in no position to fight back. They couldn't even lift their guns. Tell me is it morally correct to shoot at drowning men? These worms only surrendered as a last-ditch attempt to save their lives. They had no other option. I am not going to spare them. I will not let them go free to come back and kill more of my men."
Desmond looked at Olivier. "HighMinister, you were tasked with the smooth completion of this mission. You must stop this madness."
All the high-ranking officials were there, so this was the perfect moment for Olivier to clear his stand. Start his propaganda. Get some witnesses on his side. He started to spin the web of his words. "I was never in favor of this mission. I, again and again, told King Samuel that the people of Tenebra can be very unpredictable. I always feared bloodshed but King Samuel was adamant. He forced me into this mission and we all can see what just happened.” 
Olivier put a hand on Desmond’s shoulder. “Commander, don't you understand we have already failed? Hundreds of people have already been killed and we cannot reverse that. It is very clear that the people of Tenebra are not going to surrender meekly. I am not skilled in war tactics. I don’t know how many more soldiers will these people kill if we let them go. Commander Henry understands these situations better and hence he has King’s full authority to make all the decisions in matters of war. I have no say in that." 
Olivier looked at Henry. "It is your call, Henry."
Henry turned towards the enemy commander and saw the face which he saw every day in the mirror. Kane, son of Richard from Elisium, was a copy of Henry, son of William from Aden. Just like their fathers, they looked like identical twins. And just like their worlds, the otherworld twins were now pitted against each other. Despite their identical appearance, their journeys were symbolic of the fortunes of their worlds. While one was on a rapid rise, the other was on the edge of a deadly fall. While physically nothing could tell them apart, their condition couldn’t have been more different. Kane was down on his knees while Henry was towering above him with his gun.
"So my dear duplicate, what do you think I shall do with you and your men?"
Kane looked Henry in his eyes. "I think you have already decided what you want to do. Mind my words, decisions made out of malice and hatred always come back to bite their perpetrator. This cursed decision will spell doom for you..."
A loud gunshot echoed around the riverbank. Kane fell to the ground as a bullet made a hole in his forehead.
"This is what I have decided," Henry said to Olivier. "They massacred our delegates, it is time to return the favor." 
That sealed the fate of Elisian soldiers. Nearly two hundred unarmed men were massacred on Henry's orders.
For all the Adeners, the mission had taken a horrible start.
But for Olivier, this was a perfect beginning.



	




Chapter Twenty-Two
The Dying Flame
When there is a will, when there is hope, a miracle is always around the corner
Elisium
5L 21/15/4/5
"It was really bad. I am sure they have some dangerous Star-Rock weapons. Many bodies were unrecognizable. Just blown to pieces. They killed every single soldier." 
Commander Simon, the commanding officer of the reinforcement party, was giving his report to HighCommander Christopher inside the headquarters of the Tenebra base .
"How many men did we lose?" Christopher asked.
"One hundred and twenty," 
"And twelve trucks?"
"Yes," Simon confirmed. "Two of the trucks were in an absolute mess. I just can’t imagine how did they manage to topple them and rip them open. We assume that they took away the remaining trucks."
"Did you bring back the bodies?"
"No. It was absolute carnage and if we had lingered there any longer we would have become easy targets for another ambush. Hence I took the call that it was best to return to the base as quickly as possible."
Commander Darren slammed his fist on the table. "These insects have suddenly grown fangs. Let us ride out to them and crush them under our feet."
Christopher shook his head. "That is exactly what they want. They want us to come out of our fortified defenses and meet them in open. Fight them in territories they know better than us. They want to lure us into a trap but we will not get fooled by it."
Darren sneered. "So you want us to sit cowering behind our walls, whereas they go on killing our men?" 
"Our men won’t be killed anymore as no one will now go out of the secured perimeter. Seal the boundaries and increase the number of soldiers patrolling the outposts. This is no time for heroics. If our enemy wants to make a move they must come to us and then we will show them our strength."
***
The mood was gloomier in the camp that had comprehensively won the first battle because they knew they were on track to lose the war. 
Dead bodies of the martyrs were ready for the funeral. They were draped in the gold and white flag of David's army. The funeral procession started from the headquarters of David's army and proceeded towards the House of Almighty. Thousands of people joined the funeral procession despite unseasonal rains. Despair had clawed its way back into their hearts. The gloomy weather symbolized the dampening spirits. Even the elements wept for the lost hero who never realized his destiny.
The coffins were placed on the altar inside the House of Almighty. Everyone in the large hall closed their eyes and started to pray.
Inside a brightly lit room, Jacob was alone with a stately old man wearing lavish silky clothes. The old man was tall, well built, had a radiant face with a long flowing white beard, and a very imposing personality. There were heavy golden chains around his neck and precious rings in all of his fingers.
"You have grown old, Jacob," said the old man.
"Well, I am in the fourth cycle of my life and, although you have maintained yourself very well, I guess you are older than me."
"Yes, I am. I am five loops old. Let me introduce myself, I am Adam the first. The first of the Transitioners, the person who started the line of kings, and of course your great-grandfather."
Jacob narrowed his eyes. "Is this a dream?" 
"I will not call it a dream because dreams are fragments of imagination and this is real not imagination. We generally call it a conference, but since I am alone here we can call it a private meeting happening inside your head."
Jacob looked around, still not very sure about what was happening. "What is this meeting all about?" 
"This a desperate measure. Generally, I only hold meetings with the bearer of the amulet, but since that bearer has already joined me in the afterworld I had to reach out to you."
Jacob remembered Moses's dead body and his eyes welled up with tears. 
"I know Jacob you have invested your whole life preparing for this war, so you must not let go of your hopes. Remember when there is a will there is a way."
Jacob let out an exasperated sigh. "And what is that way grandfather? There is no way we are going to overthrow these oppressors. There never was a way. We had built our dreams of salvation around some legends. We kept dreaming that someday these stories will come to life. When Moses arrived our dreams got wings but destiny clipped those wings in the cruelest manner."
"No one can crush a dream which millions have seen together with open eyes. My dear son, Elisians must understand that the real power doesn't lie in the amulet, but it lies in their self-belief. It lies in their will to fight their oppressors and their desire to get freedom. The Amulet and its bearer were mere instruments to help them achieve that goal. With or without the amulet the succor that they need will always reach them at the time of their need. They must not give up and keep fighting. And you have to keep their hopes alive and stop them from falling into the abyss of despair."
"If I am not sure myself whether it is worth fighting anymore, how will I convince others?"
"When you were banished from Aden had you ever thought that you will find some purpose in your life. You had resigned yourself to a life of misery and a painful death. But in this world, you found something to live for. Remember, destiny made you bond with these people and share their dream. Don’t let that dream die so easily."
Jacob pursed his lips. "You know all that sounds great but tell me honestly, do you believe that we can win this war without the amulet? Do you seriously think that the transition can happen without the Transitioner?"
"When I forged that amulet, I was told that one day the line of kings will end. A time will come when the people of these two worlds will have to live without any divine interventions. I wanted to delay the inevitable as much as I could but I guess the time has now come. I know that after all the unfortunate events that have happened in this loop, this is not the most opportune time to leave these worlds without the Amulet and its powers. But believe me, with every passing loop the situation is only going to get worse. I think it would be much better if this Dance of Two Sisters reached its conclusion, sooner rather than later."
"Well, do you think this is heading towards the desired conclusion?" 
Adam smiled again. His smiles were as cryptic as his words and it was extremely difficult to decipher them. "Where this heads, is in the hands of you and the people of Elisium. Remember, if there is no amulet, there will be no more Transitions in the future. The status quo at the turn of this loop will remain forever. Elisians have to ensure that at the turn of the loop, both worlds are in equilibrium. Because if that doesn't happen now it will never happen in the future. If Aden gets on top, it will remain so forever. So your people will have to fight to restore the balance."
"Fight and get slaughtered," Jacob smirked.
"What other options do they have? If they don't fight their lives will get more and more miserable with every passing day. Yes, they don’t have advanced weapons or fortified walls, but they have the numbers. They have the will. They know this world better than their enemies. And they have prayers of millions on their side. Jacob, you have to first believe yourself and then let the others believe. You have to somehow reignite this dying flame of revolution."
Jacob wasn't fully convinced, but it was hard to argue with Adam's logic. Fighting their enemies was the only way and giving up was not an option.
"Okay, I will do what I can and then hope for the best."
"Hope is a lethal weapon and an impenetrable shield," Adam reassured Jacob. "And you have to do one more thing for me. With the bearer gone, that amulet must be dismantled. It must reach its designated place. It must become a part of the whole."
Jacob gave him a blank look. Adam grinned. "I will tell you how to dismantle it. The rest we must leave it to the Almighty." Adam then told Jacob what he must do with the Amulet.
"Now I must take your leave and you must hurry or else you will miss the funeral." Adam raised his hand to bless Jacob and then gave parting advice. "Before departing I will leave you with some words of inspiration. Always remember, when there is a will when there is hope, a miracle is always around the corner."
With those golden words, Adam vanished from Jacob's view.
Jacob woke up from his dream. He was drenched in sweat. His heart still pounding. He quickly got off his bed and rushed towards the House of Almighty.
Melodious sounds of a musical hymn were echoing in the large prayer hall when Jacob entered it. Everyone present was immersed in the soothing effects of the soulful hymn. Many eyes were brimming with tears. Most of them barely knew Moses, but they all felt as if they had lost someone very dear to them. They hadn't just lost a person, they had lost their hopes. Their dreams. Their future.
Jacob walked towards the coffins and looked at Moses. His face looked calm and peaceful. A small flower had been placed on his forehead to cover the gunshot wound. Jacob asked George who was chanting the hymn, "Where is the amulet?".
George removed it from his pocket and gave it to Jacob. "Is this of any use now?"
"This must return to its roots." 
Argus was standing near Jacob. He whispered something in his ears.
"Are you sure about this?" Argus asked.
"Yes, do as I say.”
"Okay, as you wish," Argus took the amulet and went out of the hall.
George gave Jacob an inquisitive look. Jacob asked him to relax.
Argus returned a few minutes later. He had the dismantled amulet in his hand. The locket in the amulet had been separated from its golden chain. Argus was holding the flawless sparkling ruby that once adorned the center of that amulet in his other hand. 
George gasped when he saw the dismantled amulet. "What the hell have you done?" 
Jacob was as calm as ever. "It must reach its designated place." 
"Have you gone nuts? Have you completely lost it?"
Jacob ignored George and moved towards Moses. He removed the flower from his forehead and replaced it with that sparkling ruby. It completely covered the wound of the gunshot. He then placed the locket, with its twenty diamonds, over Moses's heart. By that time the hymn had ended and it was time for the last prayers.
The wives of the other three martyrs came near the coffins and placed their right hand over the hearts of their deceased husbands. It was a custom that a woman closest to the deceased should place her right hand at his heart during these prayers. Since Moses had no immediate family in this world George's daughter Jennifer, who was Moses's distant cousin and his birthday-twin, carried out this custom. 
“Put your right hand on the locket over Moses’s heart and your left hand on the ruby over his forehead,” Jacob whispered to Jennifer
The priest started reciting the final prayers. His voice echoed around the House of Almighty.
"O, the Almighty Creator of these worlds, O the Lords of Nature who look after all of us, bless these souls who seek abode in your eternal lights. Let the clouds of your blessings shower them with your mercies. Let them reside in the realms of your boundless bounties." The priest went on and on with his generous prayers for the martyrs.
Once the priest was done, Jacob stood up from his chair and stood near the coffins. It was time to reignite that dying flame. 
"People of Elisium, look at these martyrs. They died fighting for you. Well, they died, but they died with hope. The hope of a better future for their families and their children. And we must not let that hope die with their deaths.
“I know that with the death of Moses, hope has started to fade. The chances of us winning this war have diminished. But just tell me one thing, do we have any other option? If we don't fight, our lives, which are already in dire conditions, will become a living hell.
“Look at me, I am in the last stages of my life. I don't have many reasons to fight, but I still want to fight. I want to drive away these looters because you know I think it is better to die fighting than to suffer tyranny and die every other day.
“Well, they are just a few thousand and many of them don't even want to fight us because they know that they are wrong. We are millions and each one of us wants to fight because we are fighting for the right cause. They have weapons but we have the numbers. They have no real motivation to fight, but we have every reason to do so. And this fight is not just for our freedom, but this fight is to save our paradise. This fight is to protect our families and the futures of our children.
“We have been recounting all those stories of the past saviors who performed miracles, but you know those miracles happened when people wished for it. Those miracles were born out of hope and this amulet and its bearers were mere instruments. Those instruments have been snatched away from us but that doesn't mean we should stop wishing for miracles. When there is a will, when there is hope, a miracle is just around the corner.
“O the people of this beautiful world, just don't let this setback crush our spirits and shatter our dreams. Come on, let us take a vow over the bodies of these martyrs that we will keep this flame of rebellion alive. We will fight for the peace of those who passed away under this exploitation and never saw the light of freedom. We will fight for these martyrs who gave up their lives for realizing this dream. And we will fight for our children so that they don't have to suffer the kind of pain that we all had to endure. Let us take an oath that we will fight for all the oppressed of the past, martyrs of the present, and our generations of the future."
Jacob looked at the faces of people present in the prayer hall. That glimmer of hope had returned in their eyes. Sense of purpose had lightened up their faces. Invisible divine energy flowed into the room and lifted their spirits.
George felt that energy build up in him. He roared like a lion, "Yes we will fight. Come on, let us fight for our freedom."
"For our freedom," everyone shouted back in unison.
"Let us fight for our children." 
"For our children," everyone replied in one voice.
"And let us fight for our Future,"
"For our Future." That thunderous roar of thousands of people drowned the rumble of the thunderstorm.
A tremendous bolt of lightning lit up the night sky.
Jennifer, who was still standing near Moses's coffin, let out a shriek and fell to the floor. People looked at each other. Everyone was baffled by what just happened there. George and Jacob rushed towards Jennifer. She was lying on the floor. George tried shaking her. She didn't respond. He checked her pulse and there was none. Jennifer had suddenly dropped dead.
"No!!" George screamed. "No my dear girl, open your eyes. Look at your father. Please wake up."
Jacob’s eyes fell at Moses’s coffin and he gasped and stepped back. Moses's body was there, but the ruby and the locket had disappeared. Jacob felt dizzy. He held onto a table for support. He had done what Adam had told him to do, but he hadn't expected the events to take such a nasty turn. Despite the hopeless situation Adam's parting advice kept ringing in his brain. "Always remember my son, when there is a will, when there is hope, a miracle is always around the corner."
He didn't know why those words were echoing in his mind, but he knew one thing for sure, that they desperately needed a miracle.
Right there. Right then.





Chapter Twenty-Three
The Council of Aden
Children always have to bear the brunt of their fathers' mistakes
Aden. 
5L 21/15/2/10
"Honorable members of the Council, I have called this meeting to seek your advice. So tell me your opinions on this matter." 
King Julian addressed his Council after Commander Michael William had finished reading the message. Julian was sitting on the magnificent throne in the Great hall of the Council. A throne made of solid gold, decorated with rubies, pearls, and diamonds, and designed to resemble a dancing peacock. Solomon the Conqueror had hired the most skilled artists of Aden to design this throne. Great kings of this era had sat on it and ruled this world. Julian felt a sense of power just by sitting on it. This throne had a charm of its own and Julian was not going to give it up for someone else.
Julian had called this urgent meeting and ordered all of his ministers to attend it. At the start of the meeting, he asked Commander Michael to read the message sent by HighCommander Christopher from Tenebra. Julian had secretly instructed Michael to read the message in such a way that it sounded like a desperate cry for help.
As he had expected Paul Andrews, the great-grandson of Andrews the explorer was the first to stand up. He was a vocal critic of Julian's administration and if not for his genius brain and immense following amongst the masses, Julian would have thrown him into the eye of Tenebra at least a cycle ago.
"Many members of the council and a majority of Adeners want that base to be closed. Call back all our troops in the next Crossing and we won't have to deal with any of this."
Julian took a jibe at Paul. "Ah! I wish your great-grandfather hadn't jumped into that whirlpool so I would have been spared making such hard decisions." Many ministers burst out laughing.
Paul was never afraid to take on the king. "Yes, I too sometimes wish that if my great-grandfather hadn’t leaped then some unworthy people wouldn't have been sitting on that throne and making decisions that were way beyond their levels of intellect. Because of his little mistake generations of Aden had to endure some useless kings." The laughter was even louder this time. Julian glared at his ministers and they quickly shut up.
“Mind your tongue if you don’t want it pulled out.”
“You can’t do that. If you could, you would have done that years before.”
Julian didn’t want to test Paul’s wit anymore. "I think we should stick to the topic. Shutting down that base will give our enemies easy access to the whirlpool and unrestricted entry into our world. What happens if they decide to attack?”
Paul gave the same solution which Daniel had given to Samuel seven cycles ago. "We build a base at our entry point and guard it with all our forces. We allow no one to cross those boundaries."
Michael, the great-grandson of William and Henry, had some other ideas."That is the same mistake the people of Tenebra made seven cycles ago and we know what happened after that. Do we want to take the same risk?"
Paul wasn’t going to give up. "They don't have the weapons and the numbers like we had back then. If we fortify our defenses here they don't stand a chance against us." This meeting was going pretty much along the same lines as Samuel’s meeting with his council seven cycles ago. But Julian had learned from Samuel’s mistakes and he had a few aces up his sleeve.
Julian raised his voice. "You don't listen properly, do you? Didn't you hear that they assassinated our spy with a Star-Rock weapon? They have weapons, the kind of which even we don't have. As for their numbers, King Samuel raised an army to conquer them in just seven years, whereas they have been preparing to fight us for seven cycles. Don't you think they would have possibly readied every able man in their ranks to fight off their oppressors?"
"If that is true, this should be a good enough reason for us not to instigate them further. We must not incite a war."
Julian was almost shouting now. He often used his booming loud voice to intimidate his ministers. "Don't you understand a simple point? This decision should have been made seven cycles ago. Our predecessors have exploited them to such an extent that they are now filled with vengeance. They think the only choice left for them is to fight back. Even if we pull back our troops they will think of it as some new ploy and bring the fight to this world. Do you want our world to be turned into a battlefield?"
Paul, however, was not the one who wetted his pants when the king lost his cool. He was as calm as a meditating monk. "All these assumptions, just because they killed a spy?".
Julian let out an exasperated sigh. Paul, like always, was getting under his skin now. "I must clear a few things for you. First of all, that spy had no business to be alive. Most people in the Council know about the Drowning but what they don't know is that the keys given to the spies during the Drownings never work. We couldn't risk our spy panicking and allowing others to escape with him. None of the spies in the earlier Drownings had survived. We all know that those chains and that cage were a sure-shot death-trap. If our spy survived that means only a miracle could have saved him and the others with him. And where did that miracle come from?"
"The Amulet," many of the ministers said aloud in unison.
"Yes, it seems like the amulet somehow escaped our eyes and made it to that world." 
"This is still plain speculation." 
"Okay, but you must also consider the fact that the spy returned to the base on the last day of darkness. That means he was with the enemies for all those days and was gathering information. Furthermore, they blew him right at our doorstep. They could have killed him earlier but they decided to show us their strength. They made it a spectacle. That was a warning shot for us and we better heed to their warning."
"So what do you suggest we must do?" Paul asked.
"Michael is an expert in this field. We must take his opinion."
Julian had made Michael an accomplice in his plans. They had carefully strategized how they were going to swing the Council in their favor.
Michael had served for seven years as a commander on the Tenebra base. He knew about that world more than anyone else in that hall. "It would be a grave mistake to pull back our troops. We have huge defense infrastructures there and they will get control of those. Secondly, if I would be in their place I would not risk another invasion. If my enemy retreated for whatever reasons, I would bide my time, build a stronger army, and then attack them to finish them off. I am sure our enemies will be thinking on the same lines. They will be further buoyed by the powers of the amulet if they have it. As our king rightly mentioned it is too late to retreat. Our forefathers have left us no choice and children always have to bear the brunt of their father's mistakes. As per my reading of the situation, it's either we or them. Either we take them out or else they will surely try to take us out."
"So what we must do?" Julian encouraged Michael to go on.
"We must send a very large reinforcement army at the turn of the loop. We have seven years to prepare these troops. Once our troops reach there, we raid their settlements in a planned manner and weed out the rebellion. We imprison their soldiers and confiscate their weapons."
"And don't you think they will fight back. Do you understand how many lives will be lost?" Paul asked.
"Many more lives will be lost if they attack us and then we fight back. Because in that scenario they will be much more prepared than they are now. Look minister, one way or the other, this is going to end in rivers of blood. It is for us to decide whose blood we want in those. Blood of our soldiers, our families, our people or blood of our enemies." That was the punchline. They had to instill fear to make the Council vote in their favor. 
Paul understood this tactic. "Spoken truly like the great-grandson of an illustrious grandfather. I don't need to remind this Council that it was Michael's disgraced great-grandfather who was responsible for the first massacre and the rivers of blood. You all love bloodshed, don't you? You just talked about children having to bear brunt of their father's mistakes, but you don't seem to have learned anything from your grandfather's debacle."
Michael’s face turned red. "Look, I don't want lessons in history from you. My grandfather did what he felt right. You shouldn’t forget that it was because of his actions that we have a base in Tenebra that has protected us from any invasion for seven cycles. I have served in that world and I can sense something brewing there. I am not asking to wage a war, but just asking to send troops to ensure that there is no war.”
“The first army we sent there, under your grandfather, was also not supposed to start a war. But we all know how things turned out. And you have already said that you don’t believe that this will end without bloodshed.”
Julian knew Michael might be driven into such a corner and he had shown him a way out. “Look, I know most people don't trust my opinion because of my family history, so don't trust me or any army commander with this mission. Send some of the most level-headed Council members with the army and give them the full authority. Put the army under their command. This way we can ensure that no one gets carried away as Henry did. If there is a peaceful way out of this situation our ministers must find it. And if things don’t go as planned they can tell the army what to do."
Paul kept fighting. "If we send a huge army, even for peaceful purposes, those people will be scared and it will surely incite another war in that world. This is what happened seven cycles ago. We can't keep repeating the same mistake. I am warning you, that this will start an endless cycle and there will be no way back." 
Julian rolled his eyes. "Paul, already there is no way back. But I have a plan to correct the wrongdoings of our predecessors. Once we have weeded out the opposition, we will do what our forefathers promised them. We will start implementing Andrews’s plans. We will share our technology and initiate development projects in Elisium. We will help them move forward and put them on the path of prosperity. It will take time, but in a few cycles, they will start trusting us. And hopefully, the two worlds will then live in harmony."
"We can start doing that right now. If we send aid rather than sending an army they will be more than grateful. They will understand that we want things to improve."
"I don’t think so. The situation is so bad right now that whatever we do, they will doubt our intentions. The only solution is to first grind them into the ground and then offer them a helping hand. That way, they will know we have no hidden motives behind our offer of help and they will have no option but to accept it."
Paul wanted to protest but Julian cut him short. "Illustrious members of the Council, I think sending additional troops is the only sensible way forward. If the enemies are planning to harm us these troops will deter them. And if they aren't planning anything these troops will help them in the development of that world and improve our relations with them. This is exactly what Adeners want. They want to stop the oppression and that is what we are going to do. In both scenarios, it is a win-win situation for us. So what is your opinion?"
"I am with you, my King." HighMinister Benjamin, the king’s puppet, was the first to express his approval. A few more ministers loyal to Julian voiced their agreement. Those who didn't agree were too afraid to go against the King. Julian’s decision to turn the banishment into the drowning had made him a ruthless king in the eyes of his Council. No one dared to go against him other than Paul, who was untouchable due to his immense stature amongst the commoners. Even today he waged a lone battle.
The plan was approved by an overwhelming majority. Michael William, just like his great-grandfather Henry, was tasked to build this army. The Council however decided that he will only build the army, and not lead it into Tenebra. After what happened seven cycles ago, they didn't want to risk leaving the fate of that world in the hands of a descendant of William.
King Julian then also passed a decree for every family to provide an able man to join this army. Julian was ecstatic. Everything was going to plan.
The wheel, to break the Wheel of Transition, was set in motion.





Chapter Twenty-Four
The Peace Deal
Sometimes sacrificing the present for the sake of the future is the only correct choice
Elisium
5L 15/8/1/1
"How long before we start moving?" 
Olivier was getting restless. He wanted to reach the Ruins and start the next phase of his plan.
Henry frowned. "Oh! HighMinister is getting bored. Just for your information, we need to install the machines, tow the containers, get the vehicles ready, collect our supplies and load them into the vehicles. We will be docked here for a day at least."
"Get it done as quickly as possible. We don't want to give our enemies time to get prepared for an attack."
"What about the dead?" Desmond asked.
"What can we do about them? They are gone." Henry was least concerned about them.
"We must give them a proper burial. They gave away their lives for our cause."
Olivier decided to take this matter into his own hands. "Dig a large grave. We will pay them our last respects and bury them all with proper honors. That is the least we can do for them".
Desmond went away to prepare for the burials and Olivier walked over to Henry. "Don't be a heartless fool, you idiot. If we don't even bury our dead, what kind of a message are we sending to our remaining troops? A couple of extra hours will do us much lesser harm than the resentment which will seep into the hearts of our soldiers if we deny our martyrs the basic right of a proper burial."
Henry couldn’t argue with his logic. Olivier was brilliant at reading the direction of the winds.
It took them two days to complete their tasks due to the severe weather. Finally, they began their journey on the third morning of the Crossing.
The north-bound road towards the Ruins was built for carts and carriages and hence the vehicles moved at a sluggish speed. They came within a few kilometers of the Ruins by the late afternoon of the next day, but they had to overcome a large obstacle to enter the city.
The large military caravan came to a grinding halt. Hundreds of men blocked the road towards the Ruins. Henry and Olivier who were in an armored truck in the middle of the convoy were informed about this blockade. This was great news for Olivier.
"It seems we have a situation here, HighMinister. Let us go and have a chat with these folks."
Olivier didn’t agree with his idea. "I am afraid, my last meeting with them wasn't that fruitful. I was the only person from the last touring party who left this world alive and they won't be too pleased to see my head still on my shoulders. And I am in no mood to give them a chance to correct their mistake."
"So what are we supposed to do?" Henry asked.
"Believe me, it is useless to talk with them. Just shoot a few rounds in the air and disperse them."
"What if they don’t budge?" 
Olivier secretly hoped that they don’t budge. "Why are you asking me that? You are the head of the Army. Just like you decided what to do of the captured soldiers, you have to take a call here as well." Olivier didn’t give a direct answer, but he had quite skillfully given him a plan of action. He wanted Henry to go on a rampage.
Henry stroked his beard. "We have to give them a chance or at least pretend to do that. We must show our troops that we tried to knock some sense in their brains before we take any drastic step."
"Then you go ahead and bang your head against these stones. My coming with you will only hamper the chances of any fruitful negotiations. Take Malcolm with you and see if they agree to our demands. You don't expect them to abandon their homes and hand over their city to you on a platter. But of course, you have to please your conscience that you at least tried."
"And what do I offer them?" 
"Ask them to peacefully exit the Ruins. Assure them that we will inflict no harm and even help them build new settlements. We will also keep the promises made by the previous delegation. Give them three days to wrap up their things and move out. After that, we move inside the city and take over. Remember we also have to return to Aden before that whirlpool disappears"
Henry nodded and got out of his vehicle. He and Malcolm, surrounded by heavily armed soldiers, walked towards the crowd. "Send five authorized people from your side. Our ministers want to talk with them."
Five men from each side gathered in the middle. Soldiers on both sides kept their weapons ready to attack if anyone went out of the line.
Nicholas did the talking on Elisium’s behalf. "Why do you people keep foraying into our world? Why can’t you people let us live in peace? Tell me, why have you brought such a large army?"
Henry sneered. "In the last mini-cycle we sent a delegation with a peace proposal and you sent back their heads. We had to strengthen our defenses." 
"Peace proposal? Your people killed tens of our men. They started the fight by treacherously shooting my father and commander Richard. Your people first ventured into our world and started this cycle of animosity."
Malcolm, who was better skilled with words, decided to do the talking. "What happened has happened and we can't change that, but we can surely determine what will happen in the future. We can do things differently this time around, so listen carefully. Since the time you sent the severed heads of our delegates, our administration thinks that you people want to attack us. Just to make sure that no such thing happens, we want to make an army base here and guard the entry point into our world. For making that base, we want your people to evacuate the Ruins.”
Nicholas twisted his mouth. "Evacuate the Ruins? Is this a joke?
“I am afraid it is not. We give you three days to leave the city. I know three days is a short time but time is not on our side. Your people can take all their possessions with them and settle anywhere they like in this world. We won't bother them anymore as long as they don't bother us. We will even help your people build these new settlements, provide them with our technology, and assist them in raising their living standards. By accepting this deal your people can avoid the war and set your world on the path of development."
“Path of development?” Nicholas smirked. “Do you know hundreds of thousands of people live here and you are asking them to leave their homes? Have you lost your mind? It will take years to build new settlements, where will they go till then?"
Henry had heard enough. "You don't have any other options so cut the crap." 
Nicholas knew the root of this evil. "This isn't about defending your world. This is all about getting your hands on that cursed Star-Rock. Right?"
Malcolm looked into Nicholas’s eyes. "You can think whatever you want, but believe me we genuinely want both our worlds to co-exist harmoniously. Once we have safeguarded our world, I assure you we will comply with all the promises that Andrews and his delegation had made to your people. We will help you rebuild."
"Rebuilding comes after destruction," Nicholas hissed. His expressions changed with every sentence. "We can't rely on your promises, especially after what you did to our men on the riverbank. If you wanted to do things differently you wouldn't have killed two hundred men after they had put down their arms. You murdered them after your commander had promised to spare their lives."
"So you know about what happened at the riverbank?" Henry asked.
"Yes, a few of my scouts were hiding there. They saw how you mercilessly slaughtered those unarmed men."
Henry gave up the pretense and switched back to his malicious self. "That should serve as a deterrent for your people to take up arms against us. We don't spare those who revolt against us. We crush them."
"No, by murdering those soldiers you confirmed that you are going to kill us even if we surrender. That incident gave us a further motivation to fight."
Henry wasn’t known for niceties. He wanted to avenge his father and it didn’t take him long to lose his head. "Trust me. It is better for you to quietly accept our offer or else I will trample you worms under my feet." 
Malcolm tried to salvage the situation. "Believe me, what we did at the riverbank was to protect our soldiers and end the fight. We still give you a day. If you accept our terms by tomorrow morning, I swear by the Almighty Creator and everything I hold dear, not a drop of blood will be shed. You have to trust us. This is your only chance for survival."
"Trust you? Embracing a venomous snake, in a hope that it won't bite, is like committing suicide. We will not give away our city. We will not leave our homes."
Henry smiled. A smile is generally a sign of goodwill, but Henry’s smile was anything but that. Malice, anger, hatred. Henry was able to put all those hostilities in his crooked smile. "Then we will have to use force and to be honest, I won't regret doing that. Look, you and your people will be responsible for whatever happens after tomorrow. This is the second time we are reaching out to you and offering peace but it is you who have opted to choose war."
"This is not a proposal of peace but a chance to choose humiliation and exploitation over self-respect and freedom. Thanks for your generous offer but we will not give in to the demands of some tyrants and become their slaves."
There was no point in dragging this meeting further. "Go and talk to your people. You have a whole night to decide your fate," Malcolm said and turned around to walk back towards his troops.
Nicholas glared at his enemies. Irrespective of what the Council decided, he had already sealed the fate of Elisium in his mind.
***
Olivier, Henry, and Malcolm were lodged inside a tent and discussing their plan of action.
"You gave them a night to think. So very generous of you." Olivier taunted Malcolm.
"You wanted Henry to start shooting at them straight away, right?" Malcolm wasn’t pleased with Olivier's jibes.
"What difference will a night make?" Olivier asked.
"It will exactly do that. It will create differences among them. With all the promises I have made some of them will want to accept our offer while others will stick to their decision of not trusting us. Creating differences in the enemy camp is always a very effective strategy. It will also give us a moral high ground that we tried for peace and they chose to fight. Our soldiers will think that we wanted to avoid this war."
"Wow! Someone has started to use his brains. Never thought of you as a master strategist."
Malcolm crinkled his nose. "You are too obsessed with yourself to look at the qualities of others. Beware this will come back to bite you. Someday someone will trump you in your own game and you will be left wondering. Now shall we have a little sleep? We might have a long day tomorrow."
***
Nicholas was furious in the meeting of the Council of the Ruins. "I had warned you all to recruit more troops and prepare more weapons, but none of you listened to me. Now the enemy is at our doorstep and we neither have enough men nor enough weapons to fight them off."
"We lost hundreds of men at the riverbank. We can't win this battle." One of the Elisian commanders gave his view.
"So you suggest that we hand over our city to them and become refugees?" 
Matthews was present there. He knew it was time for a level-headed approach to this problem. Mindless aggression will only worsen the situation. "A day will come when we will be able to fight back, but this is not the day. We have very few fighters and they have heavy weapons. They can take out everyone in the Ruins if they want. If we fight it lead to a massacre."
Nicholas sniggered. "I expected nothing better from a cowardly traitor like you. A person who hid an intruder and allowed him to gather information about our world. Do you understand, we are in this situation because of you?"
"Mind your tongue Nicholas," one of the elders warned, "Matthews is playing his part by providing us all the knowledge he acquired from Andrews."
"What use is that knowledge when we are being driven away from our own homes?" 
Matthews hung his head. He swallowed hard and spoke in a heavy voice. "I regret every day what has happened because of me, but no one can see the future. Andrews and I strived for the betterment of both worlds and we never knew that it will come down to this. Nicholas, you are asking me what use is this knowledge? I am sure that all this information will be very useful when we prepare for the final war. When the time comes this knowledge will help us develop weapons using the Star-Rocks. It will guide us to device tactics against our enemies and show us the way to recapture our lost city. But for all this to happen, we will have to wait for the right time."
Nicholas brought his face close to Matthews. "And when will be that right time? Give me a date."
"I don't think any of us will be alive to see that time. The turn of the loop is still a few cycles away."
Nicholas started to laugh most disdainfully. "I thought you had some plan. But all you want us to do is to place our faith in some fantasies. Tell me what we must do right now? Our enemies have given us three days, not seven cycles, to abandon our homes."
Matthews sighed. He was the only person from Elisium who had seen Aden. He knew how advanced that world was and that his people stood no chance against the might of Aden. "I had feared this situation since the day you threw those heads in the Abyss. I had warned you all that they will come hard at us but no one heeded my warnings. Now we have to make a decision. Sometimes sacrificing the present for the sake of the future is the correct choice. We will have to give our future a chance. We will have to accept their offer and move out with a hope that someday our future generations might see the light of freedom."
"Surrender and live a life of humiliation? Be slaves in our own world?" 
"We can surely be brave and fight for honor, but that will push us towards extinction. Our enemy will get a chance to wipe out every one of us and maybe that is what their masters want. Trust me, the people of that world are identical to us. For now, they are being misguided by a few gluttonous devils but just like us, they have pure consciences. Soon Adeners will realize the truth. They will know that we are being wrongly oppressed and they will stand for us against their regime.”
“You seem to place a lot of trust in their feelings, but we can’t rely on that.” Nicholas was not going to give up.
“I believe in their consciences because I know what I would have done if I would have been in their place, and trust me they will do the same. Nature has created us identical and sooner or later that aspect will take over.”
“So you propose that we wait for their consciences to wake up from their slumber. Tell me is that going to happen in the next three days? If not, then what we must do?”
“What option do we have other than agreeing to their terms? At least by doing that we give ourselves a chance at survival. It is a choice between committing suicide or choosing a life of hardships with hopes of a better future. And I think we should give hope a chance. We must choose life over death.”
Glenn, the eldest member of the Council, stood up. "Yes, we don't want to leave our homes and we don't want to subject our families to a life of uncertainty. But a life of uncertainty is better than certain death. Homes can be built again, but the dead can't be brought back to life. We can't let our people get slaughtered. We have no option but to surrender and just hope that what Matthews is saying does transpire in the future."
Most of the Council members agreed with Glenn. The Council of the Ruins voted to surrender.
King Samuel’s ambitious mission was about to get back on track. There will be no war and no more bloodshed. What happened on the riverbanks would be written off as an unfortunate incident.
Matthews was relieved that common sense had prevailed and another Catastrophe was averted in Elisium.
But Matthews didn't know the future. And once again his predictions were horribly off-target.





Chapter Twenty-Five
A Choice without a Choice
Salvation comes at a price, and when you are looking to save a whole world, there is no limit to the sacrifices
Elisium
5L 21/15/4/5
“Wake up my girl. You can’t go like this. Talk to your father.”
George held his daughter in his arms. He sobbed uncontrollably. His friend Jacob looked as devastated as him. A ghostly silence had engulfed the House of Almighty. George glanced at the blank faces. He knew no one there understood how or why his daughter just dropped dead, but all they saw was the strongest man in Elisium weeping like a child. Broken. Shattered. The positive energy that had filled up the hall a few moments ago had quickly dissipated. Just when he thought there was a surge of hope destiny dealt a telling blow to floor the knight of Elisium.
The funeral ceremony got delayed due to this tragic incident but people decided it was time for the coffins to be taken to the graveyard for burial. They had to first bury their martyrs and then prepare for Jennifer's funeral.
The thunderstorms were getting nastier with every passing minute. A bolt of lightning lit up the night sky and almost turned the gloomy night into a bright day. It lasted much longer than usual. It should have frightened people but no one seemed to mind it. During perpetual darkness, any kind of light is a sign of hope.
Someone gasped. A woman shrieked. A man pointed towards Jennifer's body. Everyone in the hall gazed towards her. Many people put their hands over their mouths. Others rubbed their eyes. George, who was weeping on a chair near Jennifer’s body, just stared with wide eyes. He pinched himself. Sometimes reality trumps the weirdest dream.
Jennifer, whose body had been laid down on a table, was now sitting upright. Her eyes were wide open and her feet dangling from the table.
People just kept looking at Jennifer. They were in a trance. Bewitched. A bright light was emanating from her. Her face was radiant. She was like one of those beautiful angels from the fairytales. A pinkish glow was radiating from her forehead, from the exact spot where Jacob had placed the ruby on Moses's forehead. 
“This is unbelievable. A miracle,” Jacob cried.
"God! My girl is back," George exclaimed and hugged his daughter.
***
Jennifer was trembling. Her soul was trying to get used to the confinements of her body and this mortal world all over again. She got down from the table and held on to her father for support. She furiously snapped her fingers to clear her brain. She was back. Every eye in the hall was glued to her, the living miracle. It was time Jennifer told them about the new reality.
"O the people of Elisium, we had gathered here to bid farewell to our martyrs and our much-awaited Savior. Moses was no Messiah, but he was our brother. He was one of us. The only difference was that he was given some powers to accomplish a mission, but fate snatched him away from us. Destiny tested our belief, but even in these desperate times, we clung to hope. We showed a will to keep fighting. That glimmer of hope and that strong will has given us a second chance. And this time, we will not fail. Together we will vanquish the tyrants and bring back the balance in these two worlds. To achieve that goal, the Lords of Nature have chosen Jennifer, the daughter of George and the heir of David and Solomon to lead you in this battle and guide you towards freedom. Jennifer will show you the way through the powers of Adam, the fury of Noah, the wisdom of Abraham, the diligence of David, the bravery of Solomon, and the courage of Moses."
Jennifer looked at the confused faces. Rising from death wasn’t enough to convince people that she had become the Transitioner? The human race is obsessed with miracles and no one believes in a Savior until he shows them one. Jennifer took a deep breath and stared at the sky through the glassed ceiling of the dome. A bright pink light emanated from her forehead and shot towards the heavens. The ominous dark clouds hanging over the Refuge dispersed. The thunderstorm instantly vanished and the rains suddenly stopped. A clear night sky with shining stars was now above them. David was known as the rainmaker. Solomon had famously held the weather during the Battle of the Capital. Everyone knew the source of this power.
"When there is a will when there is hope, a miracle is always around the corner," Jacob shouted. He bent his knee and bowed his head. "Let us pray for the new savior, Jennifer the Reborn."
Everyone followed suit. Chants of ‘Hail Jennifer the Reborn’ echoed around the hall.
Jennifer raised Jacob and once again addressed her people. "Jennifer is no Savior or Messiah. I am your daughter, your sister, just one of you. We must stop placing our faith in one person and trust our strengths as a group. We must not get so obsessed with the powers of a single person that his loss should just shatter our hopes. We made that mistake once and we shouldn't repeat it. Yes, Jennifer has been bestowed with some powers, but we must believe that we can win this war even without them. Jennifer will lead you with the guidance of the former Transitioners, but promise me, if I fall somewhere along the road, you will carry on this fight. You will not let the hope fade away. So let us take a vow in this holy House of Almighty, over the bodies of our martyrs, that we will fight, right till the end."
"Right till the end," George cried aloud.
"Right till the end," Everyone replied in unison.
"Hail Elisium," Jennifer roared.
"Hail Elisium," everyone shouted back.
What had started as a gloomy funeral ceremony, turned into a historical gathering. Elisians’ mindsets transformed. Their hopes soared, their confidence got a boost, and their enthusiasm was like never before. Now nothing was going to dampen their spirits.
The coffins of the martyrs were taken to the graveyard and buried close to one another. Jennifer stood on the grave of her cousin. Her eyes were moist, her heart was still numb but her mind was trying to gauge the enormity of the job ahead.
He departed this world and left you with a gargantuan task. No matter how much you emphasize not putting their faith in one person, Elisians still believe in the Savior. And now you have to live up to that tag. And this might indeed be the last chance.
***
Jennifer was lying on her bed, with her head resting in the lap of her mother. Cynthia was gently stroking her hair. Jennifer’s mother reminded her of some grim ironies of destiny.
Since the time Cynthia was banished from her world, she had always wanted to fight her oppressors, but being a woman she never got a chance. George had seen that fire in her eyes and had instantly fallen in love with her. She became a pillar of support for George in his efforts to build David's army. She raised her only son David as a fighter and made him into an able lieutenant for his father. Jennifer had inherited her mother’s fighting spirit. Cynthia encouraged her to train with her brother, but unfortunately, there was no place for women fighters in this society. 
However, destiny works beyond the wildest imaginations. People who didn't allow women to even touch their weapons will have to fight their biggest war under the leadership of a woman. Jennifer kissed her mother’s hand. She was now going to live her dream. In fact, she was going to do what she had never even dreamt of.
Jennifer’s eyes became heavy. It had been a long day. Just when she was about to fall asleep, the bizarre incident that had occurred after she had dropped dead, came back to her mind.
She had woken up in a very large, brightly lit hall which was devoid of any furniture except a large dining table and few chairs around it.
Some elderly men, with royal looks, lavish robes, and exquisite ornaments, were seated on those chairs. Jennifer had never seen a king, but all these men in the room had that aura of nobility and authority around them.
Noah, as usual, was the first to complain. "I am really confused. I thought after Moses getting shot, there won't be any more conferences. But you are keeping us more than busy. This is our second conference in a single day." Noah looked around the room. "And we are again in some new location. It is very disconcerting getting used to new surroundings every other time.” Noah paused for a moment and then exclaimed. "Oh my God, this is not only a new location we are inside a new mind altogether. Whose mind is this?"
Adam pointed towards Jennifer, who was seated at the far end of the table. Moses was seated next to her. "I am pleased to introduce Jennifer to you, daughter of George and Cynthia, our great-granddaughter."
Abraham looked amused. "A lady? That is a first in the history of these conferences." 
"Quite a few things have happened in this loop that has never happened before, like the Transitioner getting killed before the turn of loop," Adam added glaring at Moses. "So this is a desperate measure in desperate times."
“A much-welcomed change. Hope lady luck will change the fortunes of these worlds.”
What the hell is happening here. First, they ask you to perform a ceremony for a cousin you barely knew. And now this crap. "Hello, excuse me. Where the hell am I? Who are you all? Don’t you think Jennifer needs some sort of introduction here?"
Adam scoffed at Noah. "Every time your unnecessary rants lead us to forget the basic rules of a conference. My dear Jennifer, let me introduce you to all our members. I am Adam, the first Transitioner, the person who forged the amulet...
"I think you can give her detailed lectures on your glorious history some other day. A brief introduction would suffice for now." Noah was once again needling Adam.
Adam glared at Noah, but then quickly got done with the introductions. He then briefly explained to her the purpose of these conferences and how they were supposed to help the Transitioners in achieving their goals.
Jennifer heard him out, but that one question remained. "That sounds great. However, can someone tell me what Jennifer has to do with all this?" 
"Because you have now been chosen to become the next Transitioner," Adam announced.
There was silence in the room. Everyone was trying to make sense of this new development. Abraham was the first to come up with a question. "How is that possible? The amulet can only be passed down a single line. Its true powers cannot be harnessed by any man, other than the true born son of the previous amulet bearer."
Adam gave his I-got-you-there smile. "Yes, its powers cannot be harnessed by any other man. But I assume you have noticed that Jennifer is not a man." 
Noah twisted his mouth. "You can always rely on grandpa Adam to tweak the rules as per his liking." 
David still wasn’t convinced. "What about the other basic requirements of a Transitioner? Shouldn't the Transitioner be born on the first day of the darkness of the twenty-first cycle? So that at the turn of the loop he is exactly twenty-one years old and can unleash the energies absorbed by the amulet. The process which would turn him into the true Transitioner."
Jennifer quietly answered this query. “Jennifer was born on that very day.” 
Adam settled back in his chair. "It looks like destiny wanted to give us a second chance. Even though only a few of our descendants are left in the two worlds, can you believe that another child was born in our lineage on the exact required date? Furthermore, this child is present in this world, the world where the Transition has to begin. Now tell me, is this a mere coincidence or some marvelous artistry of destiny?"
David raised another issue. "And what about that rule that there can only be twenty transferring Bearers and one Transitioner in every loop? What about that holy count?"
"The count for this loop is over however, there is room for a Super-Transitioner. The amulet has been dismantled and this Wheel of Transitions is going to stop. So, I urged the Lords of Nature to provide us with one last Transitioner who is above every counting. A Super-Transitioner who can wield the powers of all his predecessors and bring in a Transition that is beyond anything that has happened so far. Remember, this is our last chance to restore the balance in these two worlds before they would be left devoid of any superhuman interference."
"But how will these powers transfer to Jennifer? It passes naturally from a father to his son. How will it pass from Moses to Jennifer?" Solomon asked.
"As I told you before, fragments of our souls reside in the amulet. We become it and it becomes us. Since Jennifer hasn't naturally inherited the amulet she can't become a part of it. But if her soul can somehow get attached to the amulet, kind of absorb it, if somehow she and amulet become one, all these powers will get transferred to her."
"She can do that by wearing it. Simple" Noah suggested.
"Only physical contact won't do it. It needs a deeper connection. Connection of the souls. That is why I asked Jacob to dismantle the amulet, put it on Moses's body and then ask Jennifer to keep her hands on the parts of the amulet during the prayers. The rest I left on the Lords of Nature and Jacob's overwhelming emotions."
Moses was surprised on hearing Jacob’s name. "Jacob's emotions? What they had to do with all this?" 
"Everything here depended on hope. After Moses was killed, Elisians had given up their hopes and no savior can save a world without hope. The Lords of Nature were ready to give them a chance only if they found some hope left in their hearts. To stir their emotions, I entered Jacob's mind and roused him. All his anger and enthusiasm boiled over in an inspiring speech that reignited hope in thousands of hearts. Amidst the resurrecting dreams, a miracle happened. The amulet disappeared from Moses's body and Jennifer dropped dead."
Jennifer, who was so far silently listening to all these mind-numbing talks, was jolted upon hearing that. "Dropped dead? You mean Jennifer is dead?"
"Technically yes, because your soul is no more in your body. For the amulet to attach to your soul and for you to become a part of us, your soul had to leave your body. It couldn't have happened in the physical realms but only in the realms of thereafter. Even this conference inside your mind was not possible when you were alive because you were not a part of us. But now you are us and we are you."
"But you did enter Jacob's mind and he is not a Bearer as well." David pointed out.
"I being Adam the first, and the chairman of this Conference, have a few special privileges."
"But it is such a shame that you killed this kid to make her join a league of dead men. She was so young and full of life," Noah said, tongue in cheek. All color drained out of Jennifer’s face. She pretty much resembled a dead person.
Adam was in no mood for Noah's jokes. "Will you shut up. This is a serious matter and you are just freaking the girl out. But your humorless joke reminded me of the fact that we are running out of time. In her world Jennifer is dead and we have to make a decision before they go and bury her."
"What decision?" Jennifer asked.
"Decision to accept what we have chosen you to become. You don't necessarily have to agree to this. The choice is yours. All people who are present here were born with this responsibility and they didn't have a choice. Still, they had to make a lot of sacrifices to achieve what they were meant to achieve. Every one of us lost his parents, had to leave his world, and sacrifice all the little pleasures of life to fulfill his destiny. It is not easy being a Savior. Salvation comes at a price, and when you are looking to save a whole world, there is no limit to the sacrifices. If you choose to become a Transitioner, your life will be no more yours. Your every breath will be for your people. You will have to face challenges at every step. And many a time you will wish for a normal life, for some simple pleasures of life but you might never get them. We all didn't have a choice but destiny still tested us in the harshest way. So if you are willfully going to tread this path, you must prepare yourself for the sternest of examinations."
"Dear old grandpa has just blown it away," Noah whispered to Abraham. "Why would you tell all this to an already frightened girl. If I would be Jennifer, I would politely say ‘Dear grandpas, pleasure meeting you all. But now please send me back and I don't want any of this.’"
Adam heard Noah, even though his voice was barely a whisper. "I don't want to trick her into this Noah. She will only go down this path after she fully understands what she is signing up for. She must know the consequences of her choice."
Jennifer just sat there in silence. Since your childhood, you have seen the misery of people around you. You always wanted to fight for them and take revenge for your mother’s banishment. This is your chance. But is this too big? Being the Savior meant carrying the hopes of millions on your shoulder. Do you have the courage to make the necessary sacrifices? 
Moses walked to her chair and bent down in front of her. "Sister, we have seen the condition of people in the Refuge from up close. We know this has to end. The balance needs to be restored and this is our last chance."
"But Jennifer is just a young girl. I don't have that kind of courage or experience to pull this off."
Solomon put a hand on her heiress’s shoulder. "We all were your age when we did what we did. All you need is a strong will. And of course, we all will be with you, within you, as a part of you to guide you whenever required."
You have been given a choice, but it is a choice without a choice. If you say no, your world would be sentenced to unending misery. You can’t let that happen to your people.
"Okay, Jennifer is ready for this. Now tell me what I have to do."
Adam let out a sigh of relief. His plan had worked. "The effects of Jacob's speech have quickly dissipated because of your death. So first you will have to make people believe again. Your resurrection will surely inspire them, but you might need to show them a miracle or two."
Solomon had an idea. "Seeing the current weather in the Refuge, I think I can guide you on how to perform your first miracle. I used this weather control tactic to good effect during my days."
Solomon told Jennifer how to disperse the storm. Then Adam walked over to her and placed his right hand on her forehead and recited a few lines. A pinkish hue started to emanate from her forehead. She felt a heaviness in her heart as if some weight attached to it. "The Amulet is now a part of your mind and your heart. It will stay there forever and return to its roots once you leave your body forever and join us in the eternal abode. Now go back and inspire them." Adam paused for a moment and then added, "but try not to make them too reliant on you. If you end up doing something like Moses, then there will be nothing that more I can do."
Everyone in the room raised their hands to bless Jennifer.
"One last thing before you go." The changing expressions on Adam’s face suggested that he was battling with himself. "I thought I will break this to you some other day, but I won't be able to bear this burden. The Lords of Nature granted us this chance on the condition that the true line of Kings must end after this turn of loop. There shouldn’t be any superhuman interference in these worlds anymore. Jennifer, your powers must not be inherited." Adam paused for a moment and then blurted out. "And for that to happen, Jennifer, you will never be able to have kids. This is the first of the many sacrifices you will have to make for this world."
Tears welled up in Jennifer’s eyes. She wanted to speak, but for the first time in her life, she was at a loss for words. She hadn’t anticipated her tests to begin right then.
Everyone in the room quietly raised their right hand to bless her and vanished from her sight. Jennifer's body sprang back to life in the House of Almighty.
Her eyes were again moist when she remembered all this, lying in her mother's lap.
Her journey as the Transitioner had just begun. And her sacrifices had started as well.







Chapter Twenty-Six
Rivers of Blood
People who come begging for mercy should be prepared to bow down and face humiliation.
Elisium 
5L 15/8/1/5
“Seven years without my bickering wife will be absolute bliss.”
Ben said to Jonas, his friend, comrade, and one of the four hundred unfortunate men who had been assigned the night-watch. Aden’s troops were exhausted after the battle at the riverbanks and the torturous journey on the horrible dirt road. All they wanted was a good night's sleep, but someone had to do the guarding at night. Four luckless commanders drew the wretched night duty. Ben and Jonas were parts of one such company.
“But dear Ben, that also means seven years without any…” An arrow pierced Jonas’s throat. Before Ben could understand what was happening soldiers started to fall all around him.
A couple of arrows also hit Ben, but his armor protected him from any fatal wounds. He saw his friend lying in a pool of his blood. Ben lunged forward to grab the bugle lying near him. Quickly he bugled the warning. He heard similar alarms being raised from different spots. They were under attack from all sides.
Aden’s army had been blocked on a narrow strip of road surrounded by dense bushes on both sides. Thick cloud cover overhead had ensured that there was no visibility. Aden’s soldiers on the night duty had lit up small lamps and had become easy targets for the enemies lurking behind the dark bushes.
Henry rushed out of his tent to monitor the situation. His men were shooting into the darkness but without much success. However, their enemies’ success rate was much higher.
"Switch off the lights, you fools," Henry shouted. "You all are like sitting ducks for target practice."
All the lights were put out. The whole area got engulfed in darkness. It became an even battlefield. Arrows were still coming thick and fast but Aden’s soldiers were now alert.
Henry swiftly gathered his commanders. "We split into teams of five companies each, and systematically comb the bushes. Weed out their fighters and shoot to kill. They surprised us and their little surprise is now over. Now let us crush these worms under our feet."
Olivier and Malcolm came out of their tents and joined Henry. "It looks like your generous one-night offer cost us quite a few lives." Olivier taunted Malcolm.
"They will have to pay dearly for each of my soldiers they have killed with this perfidy." Henry’s veins were throbbing. His teeth were bare. He was ticking like a bomb about to explode. "You both, better stay inside the armored trucks. The last thing I want is one of our high-profile ministers getting killed by some stray arrows."
Olivier waved him away. "We can take care of ourselves, you better take care of this situation. Our king won't be too pleased with the number of lives lost in this mission."
"Soldiers always die in wars. That is inevitable. Our king should have thought about this before he planned this ambitious mission. I don’t have time for chit-chat. Unlike some other people who just have to talk, I here have to fight a battle." Henry left them and rushed towards his troops.
Henry split up his troops and they systematically combed the bushes. Their eyes got accustomed to the darkness and gradually their enemies were exposed. Sounds of heavy gunfire echoed around the bushes. This wasn’t just a fight between two armies, it was a battle between two worlds and two different eras. Both armies suffered casualties, but soon the guns overshadowed the arrows. Present routed the past. Mighty slew the weak. No one was given a chance to surrender or flee. There was no sympathy or mercy. Just hostility and arrogance. And Death.
The battle which had started at midnight continued till the dawn. All the bushes were cleared and eventually, the sounds of gunfire stopped. All the fighters of Elisium were killed, except one.
Henry grabbed Nicholas by his collar and spitted on his face. "You venomous snake, I could have easily killed you with your other soldiers, but that would have been an easy death for you. If you wanted to fight, fight fairly. Attacking unsuspecting soldiers at night is no valor."
Nicholas, who was injured in the battle, scoffed. "Attacking unsuspecting soldiers at night is cowardice but attacking an unsuspecting world and its unarmed people is heroic? Look who is talking about a fair fight? Aren’t you the one who murdered hundreds of unarmed men? Tell me how thousands of soldiers armed with dangerous weapons fighting a couple of hundred men is a fair fight?"
"It isn't. And that is the reason I told you to surrender. But you didn't listen and now the people of the Ruins will have to suffer the consequences."
Nicholas lowered his eyes. "Don't harm the common people. They know nothing about this ambush. It was only me and my men who decided to fight, against the wishes of the Council."
Henry punched Nicholas in the face. "Did you seriously think that you could defeat us with those petty numbers? I must say, there are better ways of doing suicide. And even if you are telling the truth, your people will have to pay the price of your little misadventure."
Olivier and Malcolm came near Henry. Olivier fixed his gaze at Nicholas. "Wow! You look exactly like my eldest son Neil. I assume you must be the son of Orlando."
"And you must be the one who killed my father," Nicholas spitted back.
Henry and Malcolm threw inquisitive looks at Olivier but he behaved as if he hadn’t even heard Nicholas’s taunt. "Henry, I heard you have some plans for people of the Ruins. So what do you intend to do?"
"Since they have rejected the peace offer by carrying out this stupid attack, we must storm the city and drive them out of their homes. We cannot just sit here to face more such attacks. Oh, look there." Henry gestured towards a group of people walking towards them. "Here they come begging for mercy after their botched attempt at a fight."
Matthews, accompanied by some other members of the Council approached Olivier and Henry.
"Since you are a copy of Andrews I guess you must be Matthews.” Henry sneered. “Now please tell me why do we get the pleasure of your lovely company? I think your answer to our peace offer was pretty obvious after what this dumb-head," Henry kicked Nicholas in the gut, "and his men did yesternight."
"What they did was on their own. Believe me, our Council had no hand in that." 
"My dear Matthews, so nice to see you." Olivier, who was standing behind a few soldiers, stepped forward.
Matthews's face was flushed. All other Elisians glared at Olivier as well. "So you have brought all these men here. After what you did last time, I wouldn't have expected you to dare put a foot in our world."
Olivier smiled. "I always do things people least expect me to do. However, you all did the most foolish thing by attacking us."
"We have already told you that we didn't attack. Nicholas and his men acted on their own."
Olivier wrinkled his nose. "That is a very shoddy attempt at hiding your failure. First you people tried to attack us, and when your ambush failed you are now attempting to set things straight by disavowing your martyrs and putting blame on their heads. That is utterly disdainful. Owe up to your mistakes and then beg for mercy. No one here is going to buy your story of not knowing about the attack?"
"You spiteful creature, shut your mouth. Stop spreading your venom here. This is a matter of hundreds of thousands of lives." Matthews clenched his jaw.
"I would advise you to mind your tongue when speaking to our HighMinister," Henry warned. The temperatures were rising.
"Your HighMinister is a cold-blooded murderer," Matthews shot back. "And the only thing which is keeping me from taking out my sword and chopping off his head is the fact that we have come here seeking peace. The venomous snake, who treacherously killed his own friends along with our people, is expected to spit only poison."
Henry had no idea what Matthews was implying. However, Olivier looked unperturbed by the accusations. "If you seek any sort of sympathy by maligning me, your tricks are not going to work here. People who come begging for mercy should be prepared to bow down and face humiliation, rather than provoking their vanquishers. You have more chances of getting a better deal if you show some respect to your masters."
"So you call yourselves our masters now?" Matthews asked.
"I am just trying to make you aware of the current scenario. You call us masters or not, it doesn't matter. However, you must realize that we have comprehensively defeated you and the fate of your whole world is in our hands. You people attacked us in the dark of night and we can take our vengeance, but if you want to avoid that then show us respect. And as a symbol of that respect, I want you all to kneel on your knees and bow your heads. Only after that, we will listen to any of your requests." Olivier was playing with their pride. He was subtly provoking them to do something silly. 
Henry liked Olivier's idea. "Bow your heads if you don't want it getting chopped off."
"We have come seeking peace, but that doesn't mean we will endure humiliation." Matthews cleared their stand.
Henry closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Okay, then endure death."
In a single swift motion, Henry aimed his gun at Matthews and shot him at point-blank range.
"This one is for my father, whom you people murdered here," Henry said pointing to Matthews's lifeless body.
The remaining members of the Council of Ruins stepped back in horror. They kept staring at Matthews with wide eyes.
"I am waiting for all of you to kneel and bow your heads. And you know I won't take no as an answer. The quicker you comply with my demands the lesser your people will suffer."
Any hope of a respectful peace agreement was blown away with Matthews's head. Any will to put up a fight drained away with his blood. All that was left for them, and the people of their world, was humiliation and despair. They dropped down to their knees and bowed their heads. The exploitation of Elisium had officially begun.
Henry clapped his hands. "That looks so much better. Now go to your people and tell them that they have to evacuate this city before nightfall. We will enter the Ruins after sunset and we don’t want to see any of you insects inside.”
"There are hundreds of thousands of people in the Ruins, how will they evacuate in a few hours?" Glenn asked.
"You should have thought that before attacking us. Earlier, I had given you three days, but now this is the most generous offer I can make. Scamper back and make sure that your people move out swiftly. You don’t want to give thousands of angry and tired soldiers a chance to lay hands on your women."
Glenn opened his mouth to say something but Henry cut him short. "A single more word from any of you and I will further cut down the deadline. Now quickly get moving, and let me take care of this stingy insect," Henry added punching Nicholas again.
"Take him to the Ruins, and do with him what I told you to do," Henry instructed one of his officers.
***
Members of the Council returned to the Ruins and informed the people about what had transpired. 
Meanwhile, a company of soldiers dragged Nicholas near the gateway of the Ruins. A palm tree trunk was erected in the center of that gateway. Nicholas was pinned to that trunk and his hands and legs were nailed to it. His shrieks echoed around the Ruins as soldiers drove nails into his body. One of the soldiers then took out a lash and started whipping him. His ear-shattering screams served as an example to the residents of the Ruins as to what might happen to them if they tried resisting their invaders.
People who saw these scenes hurried back to their homes. There was little time left. They had to quickly pack up their things and start moving.
Start a journey into the unknown. An endless journey into seemingly everlasting misery.
***
When the sun began the downward journey from its peak, the people of the Ruins started their journey into an irreversible downfall. The exodus began as a trickle just around noon but turned into a chaotic frenzy with the approaching sunset. Helpless men, dejected women, and clueless children came out of the Ruins, carrying with them whatever they could. There was very little time to wrap up their houses, and none to think about their future. Anguish, pain, despair, and gloom hung in the Ruin’s atmosphere.
Rains lashed out in full fury. It was hard to say whether the skies were weeping for Elisians, or just making life more miserable for them. The army of Aden had lined up outside the Ruins, ready to shoot at anyone who tried anything silly. People exiting from the Ruins had to cross these troops on their way out.
It is in human nature, that when a person vanquishes his enemy he is filled with pride. And arrogance. The ambush at night had taken away whatever empathy Aden’s soldiers had for these people. Many now felt that these people deserved this treatment. They quite easily ignored the fact that it was them who were invading their world and not the other way around. But the arrogance of a resounding victory led to contempt. Insults and abuses were hurled at these helpless people when they passed these rows of soldiers. Elisians quietly suffered this humiliation because guns hung over their heads.
Things took a nasty turn when a few soldiers crossed the limits and touched the passing women inappropriately. A group of soldiers went further and groped a few young women from Richard’s extended family. They were already enraged by the murders of Richard, Kane, and many other family members. This incident further fueled their anger and the whole hell broke loose. 
Some angry men charged at Aden’s soldiers. They retaliated and opened fire. Hundreds of gunshots wiped out almost all of Richard’s extended family. Men, women, and children. When Elisians saw their fellow men getting slaughtered their emotions just boiled over. Brains froze. Anguished hearts took over. Sense and logic were sidelined. 
Many others joined the fray and took on Aden’s soldiers. There was utter chaos. People ran here and there. In the ensuing pandemonium, Aden’s soldiers completely lost the plot. They just kept firing. They felt that every person in this world, whether an old lady or a helpless child, was their enemy. They fired at anyone and everyone. Blood flowed. Bodies piled up. 
The people of Ruins gave up the fight the moment they saw the shower of bullets. They just looked for cover to try and shield their loved ones from the line of fire. Demons from hell had surrounded them from every side. And no one can hide from death. Wherever they ran, the bullets followed them. Their cries of help fell on deaf ears. Loud bangs of gunshots drowned their screams of agony.
***
Commanders and officers watched like silent spectators as their soldiers wreaked havoc. But some consciences rose above these clouds of frenzy. Desmond couldn’t stand this carnage and decided to take matters into his own hands. He gathered his Lieutenants and spoke his mind. "We signed up on this mission to protect our world from foreign invasion. We certainly didn't come here to slaughter people. Somewhere during the last few days of confusion, we have become what we aren't. We are no murderers. And we need to stop this madness. Go and tell your soldiers to stop firing with immediate effect. Get your men back under control." The lieutenants rushed towards their companies. Gradually the firing stopped, but the damage had been done. Countless piles of dead bodies stood there as evidence.
Desmond saw many people who were coming out of the Ruins scurry back to their homes. They couldn't come out amidst this carnage, neither could they stay back. They didn't know where to go.
Desmond took a few of his subordinates to survey the situation. Thousands of dead bodies were littered across the fields outside the Ruins. Children outnumbered men and women. How were they supposed to outrun bullets on their little legs? Some desperate mothers had tried to shield their children with their bodies. But those cruel bullets found their way through those mothers to hit the children. Desmond's eyes fell on the body of a young girl, not more than five years of age, clutching a small wooden toy close to her chest while her face was ripped apart. Desmond felt like throwing up. 
He had seen deaths but this was something beyond description. This was a gruesome bloodbath. This was a heinous crime. Those responsible for this must be punished. He was one of the perpetrators and was ready to face his punishment. He was ready for any sort of redemption.
Desmond looked skywards. The thunderstorm had cleared and a crimson dusk sky paid tribute to all those innocents who lost their lives. The blood of thousands of guiltless people mixed with rainwater and formed rivers of blood. The sky and the earth both were red. Both were weeping with bloody tears.
***
Thousands had lost their lives. The lives of millions of others had changed forever. But some demons were least bothered by that. Olivier, Malcolm, and Henry got together to discuss their next plan of action.
"I assume most of the people had left the city before this mayhem. A few thousand might still be there. We enter the Ruins just as planned and as a gesture of goodwill, we give the remaining people a further deadline for exiting." Henry had already decided what he wanted to do next.
"How many got killed?" Malcolm asked.
"You don't want me to count them. Do you? Does it make any difference whether they are five thousand or ten thousand or even more? It is better for us if that final count remains unknown because no one is going to like that figure. The main point is, things have not gone as per our plan. Our king didn't want bloodshed and we have already been involved in two battles and a bloodbath. But we can leave all the introspections for later. First, we must complete the mission. We don't want all those lost lives to count for nothing. We must take control of the city and turn it into our fortress before these worms try anything else."
"What started this massacre?" 
"How would I know. I was moving around, marshaling our troops when suddenly firing started from one side and then spread like wildfire."
Olivier was flying above the seventh sky. When Malcolm had given Elisians a chance to surrender he had feared that there will be no more bloodshed, but then those fools attacked. Henry killed Matthews. His troops lost their heads. Things couldn’t have gone better for Olivier. He was finding it hard to suppress his glee. But the time to celebrate hadn’t arrived yet. This was the time to start the next stage of his plan. Operation scapegoat. "We may not be sure how this started, but I am pretty sure how this stopped. You did nothing to stop this madness until your deputy intervened and I must say he did a commendable job." 
Henry pointed his finger at Olivier. "Are you implying that all this happened because of me? How dare you blame me for this massacre."
"I am not suggesting anything. I am just stating the fact that you lost control over your troops and that resulted in this. Even your response during the shooting was less than satisfactory. You could have stopped it earlier."
"I did my best," Henry shot back.
"Your best didn't quite meet the requirements. Now just make sure that the city is taken over in an organized manner. We cannot afford another fiasco."
"Yes, HighMinister, as you wish," Henry replied through clenched teeth and stormed out of the tent. 
***
Armored vehicles of Aden's army entered the deserted streets of the Ruins a couple of hours after sunset. Those who were left behind in the city chose to hide behind the closed doors of their houses. Soldiers of Aden marched into the streets and announced that people who were still inside the city can leave before dawn and there would be no consequences.
Aden’s troops moved from street to street, evacuating people from their houses and peacefully escorting them out of the city. Eventually, people realized that they were not going to be murdered if they quietly exited the Ruins.
The Ruins was empty well before dawn. There were no further untoward incidents. After seeing the earlier carnage, people wanted to get as far away as they could from these demons from hell. The bustling city had turned into a ghost town. Adeners had stabbed the heart of Elisium and sucked the life out of it.
By the sixth evening of the Crossing, the Ruins was systematically turned into an army fortress. All the entry points of the city were sealed. Different companies were allotted different areas to look after and soldiers were assigned residences in those neighborhoods. Higher ranked officials settled inside the biggest houses in the heart of the Ruins. 
The first meeting of the identicals resulted in a clash. Their second encounter ended up in piles of bodies and rivers of blood. It pushed their fortunes in opposite direction. While soldiers of Aden settled in their new homes, hundreds of thousands of residents of the Ruins became homeless. When Adeners celebrated their victory, Elisians mourned their dead. As the victors enjoyed the bounties of war, the vanquished despaired over their losses. 
Light and darkness, both reside within. Humans fear the unknown but they are even more terrified of their own vicious shadows. When the identicals met, that fear of confronting their inner demons, their sinister selves, resulted in a terrible conflict. Their light fought their darkness, and in trying to vanquish those dark knights, some of them embraced a bigger evil. Adeners’ darkness snuffed out their light whereas Elisians lost their bright spirits to the gloom of tyrannical demons. That metaphorical blurred line was now vivid. The divide between good and evil, light and dark, was distinct. The identicals were no more the same. Lords of Nature were right, the identicals should have never met.
***
Olivier ordered his troops to excavate the Star-Rocks and start pushing them into the Whirlpool. He wanted to send as many Star-Rocks as he could before the portal closed on the next day. He had chosen Nicholas’s house, one of the largest in the Ruins, as his residence. To celebrate their victory, Olivier invited Malcolm for dinner. 
Malcolm smiled. "Today is our last day in this wretched world. Tomorrow we will be back in Aden. And I must say this mission has been a great success."
"Yes, it went much better than I had planned. That fool Henry's bloodlust made our job easier. But we must revise our stories again and again. There should be no loopholes. The blame of all this bloodshed should squarely fall on Henry. We must convince the council that we both advised Henry against the bloodshed, but he was instructed by the King himself that anything that comes between him and the Star-Rock should be annihilated. It is going to be the statements of two of us against Henry's and we must make Council believe in our story."
"What about Desmond?"
Olivier raised his right eyebrow. "He doesn't know much about our true intentions and I have a plan about how to take care of him. He won't bother us."
"In case, the Council takes Henry’s statement seriously what should we do then?" 
"Henry is bad with words. His statements won't stand a chance against ours. We have many more witnesses on our side. Henry ordered the killing of those unarmed soldiers in front of our whole army. During the ambush, he ordered our soldiers to shoot to kill. He publicly shot Matthews and crucified Nicholas. We can also subtly suggest that Henry was somehow responsible for rivers of blood. Henry is absolutely screwed."
"It seems like you have a strong case against him." 
Olivier’s pulse was racing. The more he went over his plans the more foolproof it looked. "Samuel made Henry chief of the army and ordered me to let him have a final say in matters relating to the army, so he will be doomed along with Henry. Since Samuel used the Right of the King, the blame for this fiasco will fall on him. If everything falls in place, Samuel will be in prison by the end of this month. I will be sitting on the throne of Aden and you will be my HighMinister."
"It is just a matter of days now."
"The next few days are going to be the most important days of our lives. Once we take over the reins of Aden, we will have to imprison Samuel and get that amulet from him. We don't want him to use its powers against us. Somehow we will have to find a way to weed out his whole family. His children, his brother, his nephews, and his loyal cousins. Because if the Solomons stay amongst us, people's minds will keep flocking to them."
A guard appeared at the door and announced the arrival of Desmond. Olivier was expecting him.
"Desmond, great to see you. Tomorrow is the last day of the Crossing and some of us will have to return to Aden. But I have a great responsibility for you. I am impressed by your honesty and temperament. Yesterday you took control of a shambolic situation in a most efficient manner and to reward your dedication, I have decided to appoint you as the HighCommander of Elisium base. You will stay here and command our troops for the next seven years. I am sure you will accept this honor and will carry on to serve Aden with pride and dignity?"
That was a masterstroke from Olivier. Desmond will be stuck in this world for the next seven years and won't be able to harm their cause. And after seven years it would be too late.
Desmond bowed his head. "It will be a great honor, HighMinister. I am always ready to serve Aden and its King whenever and wherever they require my services. By the way, to celebrate our victory I had brought one of the delicacies of this world for you to taste." Desmond offered them a plate of sucipops, a famous local savory made out of fresh cream. "Let us enjoy this moment."
Olivier and Malcolm took the sweets and it melted in their mouth. 
Olivier licked his lips. “Wow! Finally, I found something exclusive in this world.”
Desmond was smiling from ear to ear. “Happy to be at your service, HighMinister.” 
“The idiot has taken the bait. He is cherishing his appointment as HighCommander. The lure of power and position can fool anyone,” Olivier said to himself.
Someone in that room had been fooled.
But it wasn’t Desmond.





Chapter Twenty-Seven
An Upward Curve
Bonds forged during desperate times last forever
Elisium 
5L 21/19/4/7
“How are we going to receive the incoming troops if we are not even able to move out of these boundaries?”
Christopher asked his lieutenant standing surveying outpost number three. Four years had passed since the ambush that killed more than a hundred men. The ambush had rattled him, but the continuous attacks on his scouting parties had confirmed his suspicions that the enemy had an army and some good weapons. Christopher had since then prohibited his soldiers from venturing outside the secured perimeter.
But this rule of no raiding had many adverse effects. First of all, it meant that their supplies were running a little thin. Aden’s army had a few farms inside their walls, but most of the livestock and other interesting things like spices and local delicacies came through these raids. No plundering meant no parties and the same boring food. These forays also provided these soldiers an opportunity to go out of their bunkers and explore this world. Now they felt as if they were locked inside a large prison. This feeling of being trapped was having a serious effect on their physical and mental health.
Christopher hoped that the Council had taken his last message seriously and were preparing to send a large reinforcement at the turn of the loop, but that also had a huge problem attached to it. As per the current system, half the troops present at the Tenebra base went to the Demon’s Entrance a couple of weeks before the Crossing. They combed that area to clear it of any intruders, erected watchtowers and did all the necessary arrangements to ensure a safe entry of the new troops. Now how was he supposed to do all those preparations when his enemies were eagerly waiting for him outside his gate? 
In the last few years, Elisians had attacked his men the moment they stepped out of their boundaries. If Christopher won’t be able to reach the entry point, the incoming troops might get massacred in the river itself. He had to somehow devise a solid strategy to dodge his enemies and bring the incoming troops to the base.
***
Things had gone very smoothly for Elisians in the four years after Jennifer’s resurrection. Aden’s troops, as expected, had retreated behind their walls after the ambush. Nathan and George had used some clever tactics to keep their enemies confined within their walls. They had kept all enemy exit points under surveillance and whenever a scouting party ventured outside they bombarded it. After a few casualties, enemies stopped sending out such parties. The looters just lost the guts for looting.
This also meant that many Elisians were able to return to their original settlements. Many villages and towns which had been abandoned due to the lootings sprang back to life. The Refuge had always suffered from a shortage of food and supplies. When thousands of refugees moved out of it and resettled in their lands, they started sending their surplus supplies back to the Refuge. Gradually, for the first time in seven cycles, Refuge overcame its endless shortages.
This became possible because all those Elisians who returned to their homes never forgot their time in Refuge. They never forgot how some people accommodated them in their houses when they didn't have enough space for their families. Nor did they forget how their neighbors shared food with them, even if it meant that their stomachs were half empty. They remembered how those friends consoled them on their losses when they were themselves living a life of misery. 
Bonds forged during desperate times last forever. Every person who had ever lived in Refuge was tied to that eternal bond. They were like a huge joint family where one’s pain hurt everyone and one’s joy cheered them all. There was no hatred, jealousy, or ill-will. Only love and care. They shared whatever they owned and collectively bore the burden of deficiencies. The refuge was an ideal society carved out of suffering. Their strong character, high morals, and noble values had enabled them to survive severe exploitation. And now their time had come.
As had happened before the turn of every loop the conditions in the underdeveloped world started to get better. Although it looked highly unlikely given what had happened earlier in this loop, the falling graph of Elisium did take an upward curve. Hopes started to soar. Smiles returned to the faces. Dreams replaced the nightmares.
***
The nightmares that vanished from Elisium found their way to Aden. King Julian was having again suffering from sleepless nights. Although he had won the vote to prepare an army, he was still anxious. A series of Visions was the reason for his anxiety. 
He regularly saw a girl with a pinkish glow emanating from her forehead. Thousands of people bowed to her and chanted her name. The girl made a rampaging thunderstorm disappear with just a stare. Julian had heard about Solomon’s powers and there was no doubt that the girl was his heiress.
In another vision, he saw some armored trucks tossed in the air and flipping on the ground. His troops were attacked. Some of his men were blown to pieces and their charred remains were lying around in a village. Others were shot inside a toppled truck. The look on their faces, as if they had seen a demon, scared the hell out of Julian. 
But the most disturbing of his visions consisted of him walking in a field littered with thousands of dead bodies. Their blood was mixed with rainwater and Julian had to wade through rivers of blood. He felt his heart would burst when he saw those dead people, a majority of whom were small children. And then his eyes fell on the body of a young girl, not more than five years of age, clutching a small wooden toy close to her chest while her face was ripped apart. Every time he saw that girl he screamed and woke up drenched in sweat. The rivers of blood, the dead children, and that scary face would go on to haunt him for days. 
These visions had begun on the very day he won that vote in the Council. Julian knew that they were somehow connected to his decision to build that huge army for Tenebra. With every passing day, these visions became gorier and started to have a toll on Julian’s mind and his health. Although he had done a few despicable things to protect his throne, he won’t be able to bear the burden of thousands of wasted lives on his soul. He wasn't a monster. His will to protect the interests of his children was crumbling under the weight of his conscience.
After dwelling on them for years, Julian had deduced that these visions pointed to the direction this conflict was headed. That mysterious girl was going to unleash her superpowers, finish off his armies and cause rivers of blood to flow in Aden. She carried an aura of invincibility and something told Julian that he won’t be able to defeat her.
Julian had willed himself on this path of war due to the urging of his wife. He had even buried his conscience, but these visions had woken him up. Now, he must somehow stop this cycle of madness and, to do that, he should listen to Paul's advice and call his troops back in the next Crossing. Then he should try and strike a deal with the heiress of Solomon. He can't let rivers of blood flow in the world he loved so much. If he can buy peace at the cost of his throne, he should do it. However, for executing a peace deal he must win his enemy's trust. This should take considerable time and might require some proper planning. But first of all, he must inform the Council about his decision. Julian called a palace guard and asked him to pass on the message for an urgent council meeting the very next morning.
Miriam saw her husband standing on the balcony and she knew he was once again enduring a sleepless night. She went near him and hugged him from behind. Julian found a sense of relief in her tight embrace. He told her what he had been going through. He had previously talked to her about his visions, but today he told her about his decision. He admitted that he can’t take this anymore. He wanted these visions to end, or else he would end up losing his mind. The decision he had made was probably the only way out of this.
Miriam gently patted her husband’s back to calm him down. She calmly heard him out. She wasn't in favor of his decision but gave in to his wishes. If he couldn't take it anymore then there was no other option. These visions must end.
Adam was jubilant. He had played on Julian’s conscience and showed him the glimpses of the past which he took as some visions from the future. Then he did exactly what Adam had hoped him to do.
After all, there may be a way to put the two worlds back in balance without a bloody war.
And Adam might have just achieved that.





Chapter Twenty-Eight
The Cover-up
Sometimes not having a choice is a blessing in disguise because wrong choices lead to disasters
Elisium.
5L 15/8/1/6
“HighCommander of Tenebra. A big prize but those gluttonous demons will never understand that some clear consciences can’t be lured by superficial glitter.”
Desmond wondered while standing on the bridge of faith. The plate of sucipops mixed with kheshish was still in his hands. Desmond took the help of an army healer to mix kheshish in sucipops and knocked out Olivier and Malcolm for a couple of days. The healer had warned him that an overdose could prove fatal. However, after overhearing their conversation over the dinner table Desmond didn't care about it anymore. If the two monsters died because of the kheshish, it would be the best thing to happen to the two worlds.
Desmond remembered how he had asked the guard on duty to announce his arrival after entering Olivier’s residence a few hours ago. The guard instead took him to a corner and whispered, "before I announce your arrival, I request you to stand here for a few minutes." 
Desmond at first couldn't understand what the guard meant but then he heard some voices. The sounds from the dining room carried into the hall through a small overhead vent. Olivier had moved into the house that very morning and was oblivious to the fact that their whole conversation could be heard by the guards standing outside the dining room. Desmond quietly listened, as Olivier, intoxicated by his victory, revealed his true face. He gleefully recounted his masterful manipulation of Henry, his devious schemes to wreak havoc in this world, and his plan to overthrow Samuel to become the king.
"I wanted you to hear this. This crowing has been going on for quite some time now. Commander, you are a man of honor and this demon is full of treachery. He will devour both these worlds. You must do something."
Desmond was carrying a plate of sucipops. He went to a friend’s house, who was also a healer, and mixed kheshish in the sweets. He quickly returned and asked the guard to announce his arrival. Once both Olivier and Malcolm had collapsed after eating the sweets, Desmond called the guards. "Carry them to their rooms. Keep a watch over them. Just make sure that they aren’t disturbed at least till sunset tomorrow."
Desmond knew that this plan had to succeed to buy some precious time for King Samuel and his family. And also for Aden. 
He climbed the fence and jumped into the whirlpool. The next morning he was inside the Grand Palace, seated in front of king Samuel.
"You are sure, we don't want to tell the Council about this treachery?" Samuel asked. Desmond had told Samuel the whole story of what happened from the time their troops landed in Elisium till the time he jumped back in the whirlpool. Everything, including the massacre at riverbanks, the ambush, the rivers of blood, and that conversation between Olivier and Malcolm.
"Your Highness, no one is going to believe you. Everyone will feel that you are trying to pin the blame on someone else because the mission took an ugly turn. People will think you are making Olivier a scapegoat since he is not here. Secondly, we don't know how many of our council members are on Olivier's side. As he was planning a coup, I am sure that he must have made a few accomplices before leaving for this mission."
Samuel shook his head. "My best friend has double-crossed me. I never imagined that Olivier could do something like this."
"He is a devilish conniver. He compelled you to use the Right of the King while he remained neutral in front of the Council. He used Henry to do the bloodshed and always recused himself from giving such orders. He manipulated Andrews and William. He instigated the people of Elisium. He has done all this while maintaining a saint-like image so that no one can point a finger at him. I must say that his cunningness has taken us all by surprise."
"I never thought he wanted to become the King. Now in God’s name, do you have any ideas about how to salvage this situation."
Desmond sighed. "You have doomed yourself by using the Right of the King. There is no way you can run away from that holy vow and you will have to face the consequences"
"Yes, most likely I will have to give up the throne. Holy angels, I will become the first king in the history of Aden to be removed from his post." 
"You have a bigger problem, Your Highness. I assume Olivier will try his best to convince the Council to not appoint the son of a disgraced king as the next heir to the throne. In the unlikely scenario, if the Council still votes in your son’s favor, by the next Crossing he will be a year shy from becoming an adult and won’t be crowned the King. In such instances, a King-Regent is appointed to look after the empire till the true heir comes off age. And I think you know who will become the King-Regent.”
Samuel’s face lost its color. “The HighMinister.”
“Yes. Olivier being the HighMinister will automatically become the King-Regent and he will make sure that your son never comes off age. In both the above scenarios, your family will be in grave danger.” 
“Oh my God! What should I do now?" 
"I think I have bought you seven years. You go on and tell the Council that the mission has been a success. The people of Elisium surrendered without a fight and we have been allowed to mine the Star-Rock. Already a huge amount of Star-Rocks has been pushed into the whirlpool and it will endorse your story. This will give you seven years to hide your dear ones. Send them to faraway places where no one can track them down. Tell them to never use your family name again. That is the only way your family will survive. Your enemies are already planning to hunt down every one of them. Also hide that amulet with your family because if they won't be able to use its powers, they will try and destroy it. They don't want your family to stage a fightback, and that amulet is the biggest danger for them."
Samuel hid his face in his palms. "Hide my family? What do I tell them? And what do I tell the people when they ask about the sudden disappearance of my family?” 
Desmond had thought this out. "You tell your family the truth and prepare them to face the dangers that may be lurking in the future. As for the people and the Council, tell them that as a new initiative to develop the remote parts of Aden, you are sending your family members as delegates to look over those projects. Carefully siphon your family out of Aurae and ask them to mingle with the commoners. Seven years should be enough to adopt new identities."
“There is another issue. Many officers will return from Tenebra tomorrow. They will surely leak the truth.”
“Only a few officers are meant to return in this Crossing. Meet these officers and tell them, and if required threaten them, to comply by your version of the story or face the consequences.”
Samuel took a deep breath. "Holy Almighty. By giving out all these false statements, hiding away my family, and threatening the officers, I will be leaving no room for myself. The Council will be convinced of my wrongdoings."
"Even if you don't do any of this, the case against you is too strong. I would have advised you to disappear as well, but there is no place for a king to hide in his kingdom."
"I would prefer to face the consequences of my poor decisions rather than spend my days hiding like a thief. This will also give me a chance to look into Olivier’s eyes and ask him, how did he muster the courage to back-stab his best friend?"
"For that to happen, Your Highness, you have to ensure that this is a perfect cover-up. No one should get a hint about reality. This is vital for you to get a lifeline of seven years."
Samuel nodded. “I know that. All the future generations of Solomons will be forever grateful to you for what you have done.”
Desmond walked near Samuel’s chair, bent down on his knee, and bowed his head. "I had my reasons for what I did and in the end, I ask you for a favor. Once your adversaries know what I did, they will be enraged. They will name me your accomplice and I will suffer the same fate as you. I risked my well-being for the sake of our world. I know that once these gluttonous devils take over Aden, it will go into a downwards spiral. A king who has got his throne through deceit can never lead his people to prosperity. But you have seven years before that happens. In this period, work hard for the development of this world. Push this world so far ahead that even these crooks can't pull it back. Spend your days and nights to achieve this goal and maybe, the people will just forget your mistakes and remember you for your hard work."
***
Olivier woke up from his slumber and looked out of the window. The sun was down in the sky. He had less than an hour. He ran out of his room and called his guards. "Where is Malcolm? Wake him up. Prepare a vehicle and take us to the bridge quickly." 
The head of the guards furrowed his brow.
"Why the hell are you looking at my face? Hurry up," Olivier shouted.
"Sir, what will you do at the bridge?" 
"Go back to Aden, you moron." 
The head of the guards cleared his throat. "But sir, the whirlpool disappeared yesterday. Today is the eighth day of the new year. You were asleep for two days. We tried waking you up, but you didn't respond, so we thought you have decided not to return in this Crossing."
Olivier’s head started to spin. He sank in a nearby chair. His plan had played out to perfection until this happened. Seven years, that he could have ruled as king, he will now have to spend stuck in this world. 
He held his head in his hand and let out a cry of frustration. He silently cursed Desmond and trudged back to his room.
***
Samuel was sitting on his large golden chair in his private meeting chamber. The ten officers who returned from Aden were brought straight to him. He could understand the anxious looks on their faces. The last day of the Crossing must have been a weird day for all of them. They were expected to return to Aden with HighMinister Olivier and Minister Malcolm, but none of them showed up at the time of departure because they were drunk. The chief of the army Henry decided to stay back as well. And to further heighten their anxiety, Commander Desmond, who had gone missing in Elisium that night, had reached Aden and was seated beside their king. 
Samuel greeted them with a warm smile. "I know you are returning from a tiresome journey and the last week has been very very tough on you. I understand that you all have stories to tell, and that is the precise reason why I have summoned you here."
Stephen, the head of the weapons department, who had been sent on this mission to monitor the performance of their weapons, acted as the leader of this group. "We don't get your point, Your Highness,"
"By God’s will, I will make my point very clear Stephen. I want the tales of Tenbra to remain hidden from Adeners. A time will surely come when you can tell these stories, but this is not that time. No one must know what happened in Elisium. Desmond and I have a story ready to be told and you all must endorse that version of events."
Stephen rolled his eyes. "You want to cover up your failures with fiction and fabrication. With all due respect my king, you took a risk and must now face its consequences rather than telling lies to the people."
"I will face the consequences when the time comes but right now Aden is not prepared to handle this chaotic situation. Some work has to be done before I own up to my failures and give up the throne."
"All you are trying to do is to save your throne. Your one bad decision got thousands killed. Your hands are besmirched with innocent blood. You are unfit to continue as King. We will not tell lies and become accomplices in your crimes."
Samuel wasn’t used to people raising their voices against him. He had never given anyone a chance to do so. But now he must prepare himself for many such assaults. "I know it is difficult for you to understand my decision but believe me what I am doing is for the betterment of Aden. I am trying to make up for my poor choices, and for doing that I need time. And to get that time I need your support."
"We will not support you with lies. We don't trust your decisions anymore." 
Samuel paused for a moment. His chest heaved. He had to bring his dark knight to the fore. His face flushed and when he spoke his icy voice sent a chill down everyone’s spine. "Being the brave officers who risked their lives for Aden, you and your families have been bestowed the honor to stay inside the Royal Courtyard. Your families have already been moved into these houses. They are now under my protection. Holy Angels, you don't want your protector to turn against you? Stephen, your son was playing in the courtyard this morning, you don't want him to meet with an accident."
Stephen’s mouth fell open. "You are threatening to harm our families? How can you stoop to such depths?"
Samuel was disgusted with himself. He was threatening to harm the families of his loyal officers. What had he turned into? But buying their silence was of utmost importance and he didn’t have too many options. "By God’s might,  I don't want to harm your families unless you force me to do so. No one, not even your families, must know the truth about this mission. You all will be closely watched. If any story, even a rumor, regarding what happened in Tenebra comes out, you all will face the consequences. One person's mistake might prove costly to all of you, and your families. So seal your lips and just repeat what Desmond and I tell you to say."
"You can seal our lips, but how will you seal the lips of thousands of men who will return in the next Crossing. Will you accommodate all of them inside the Royal courtyard and threaten their families as well?" 
Samuel gave a quiet smile. Smile of a man who knew his fate and was ready to accept it. "No, I don't intend to do any such thing. I have already told you that I am ready to face the consequences when the time comes. And hopefully by that time you all will also be able to understand my reasons behind this cover-up. Till then just help me with your silence."
"You haven't left us with much of a choice." Stephen’s voice was filled with contempt.
"Sometimes not having a choice is a blessing in disguise because wrong choices lead to disasters. And the burden of those disasters crushes your soul."
Samuel knew that none of the officers felt any sympathy towards him. However, he had put in a good enough performance to frighten them to their core. He had convinced them that these weren’t empty threats and the hanging swords above their families might keep them in check.
***
All members of the Council, the nobles, and other influential people of Aden attended the review meeting where Desmond gave a comprehensively fabricated account of what happened in Tenebra. According to his report, the people of Tenebra were building an army to attack Aden in the next Crossing. However, when they saw the might of Aden’s army and its sophisticated weapons they realized they stood no chance of winning. They surrendered to avoid any bloodshed and sued for peace. 
“So what deal did we offer them?” Someone asked Desmond.
“As per the peace deal, their army will be disbanded and all their weapons will be seized. An army base will be created inside the Ruins to guard over Tenebra. Our forces will be allowed to mine the Star-Rocks and in return, as a sign of goodwill, we will provide them the technology to raise their living standards.” 
"This sounds too good to be true."
Samuel and Desmond knew people will have their doubts. But no one had any proof. All they needed to do was to stick to their story. "Our King had foreseen all this and his plan worked out just as expected." Desmond dodged the bullet.
"And where is HighMinister Olivier? Wasn't he supposed to return?" 
Desmond had guessed that Olivier’s absence was going to raise suspicion and he was ready with the answer. "HighMinister so much wanted to return, but being a skilled diplomat his presence was of utmost importance during the drafting of the peace treaty. Many small details needed to be finalized and I am afraid none of the army people are any good in the field of diplomacy. As a result, HighMinister decided to remain there and sent me with the news."
"Olivier seems to love that place," one of the Council members quipped. "He was so eager to return there. Anyways, where are Malcolm and Henry?"
"Minister Malcolm, being the resource minister, stayed there to formulate a proper plan for mining the Star-Rocks and maintaining a steady chain of supply for future Crossings. The situation there, quite understandably, was a little tense. So Commander Henry decided to stay back to set up the army base in the Ruins and ensure that no untoward incident occurred that blemished the success of this mission."
Desmond had extensively prepared answers for all the probable questions. He knew many council members weren't entirely convinced but they couldn't find any loopholes in his story. To add to that, all the returning officers also endorsed his version.  People who were privy to Olivier’s plan might suspect that there was something fishy, but they had no evidence to work with. Everyone had to accept Desmond’s fiction as reality.
Through fabrications and threats, Desmond and Samuel had managed to buy some time for Samuel. They weren’t sure whether this coverup would last for seven whole years. They had to act fast because time was crucial.
Crucial for Samuel, his family, and the future of Aden.






Chapter Twenty-Nine
Love or No Love
When your world is at stake, you don’t shy away from even fighting destiny
Elisium
5L 21/19/5/5
“Wow! Jennifer never thought we had such high-quality weapons.” 
Jennifer was having a close look at a snipe rifle. Her father had brought her to the weapons manufacturing unit for David's Army.
"That is one of the most lethal weapons we have," A young man said walking towards her. "The Star-Rock pellets fired from this rifle blow the target into pieces."
"He is James, the great-grandson of Matthews and in charge of this facility." George introduced him to his daughter. "I have to admit that all the children of Matthews are born with genius brains. That has been the case for many generations now." 
Jennifer offered him her hand but James just kept staring at her face. 
Another star-struck young man? Did you think that because he is a nerdy scientist he would be a little different? All these men see a halo around your head. You are not a girl to them, you are their savior angel. Their Holy Mother. Jennifer shook her head and audibly cleared her throat.
"Oh sorry, I am so so sorry." James stammered and fumbled with her hand. 
Jennifer sensed his unease and tried to strike a conversation. "Tell me one thing James, the looters didn't pass us the technology to develop the weapons. So how did we end up making such good guns?"
James straightened his back and lifted his head. This seemed like his favorite topic. "The first delegation had brought few guns with them that were confiscated. Grandpa Matthews began experimenting with them and was able to replicate their designs. With the help of a few weapon-smiths, he was able to make a couple of guns that worked fine. He asked the Council for some funds to develop more weapons, but they weren't too serious about the threat from Aden and dismissed his request. You know that some of them called him a traitor because of his connections with Andrews. So those guns made by Matthews were dumped and never used in war."
"Then how did we develop these kinds of guns?" 
"The formation of David’s army prioritized the need for good weapons. My grandfather took out those Matthews’s guns that had passed down the generations, and after a little bit of servicing they turned out to be in working condition. He also found some blueprints on how to make these guns. But along with these notes, my grandfather unearthed something much more interesting.”
“What did he find?” Jennifer leaned forward to ask. 
“He discovered the logs of Andrews’s and Matthews’s secret experiments on the military usage of the Star-Rocks. They had found out that when the Star-Rock is coated with a certain compound and shot at high speed it undergoes a chemical reaction that causes an explosion after hitting a surface. The quicker it is shot, the larger the explosion."
"Then why doesn't the Star-Rock explode when we burn it as fuel?" 
"When we burn it, there is a steady chemical reaction, but when we shoot it from a gun, the gunpowder triggers the chemical reaction that turns volatile due to the fast traveling speed. There is a huge build-up of energy that is released in form of an explosion. During the Catastrophe, these rocks fell from the sky at enormous speed and as a result, had tremendous energy built up in them. That is why they blew up everything inside the Capital. Matthews and Andrews used this same principle and we followed their line of these experiments to develop our guns. And as you can see they work quite well."
Jennifer took a pellet in her hand. "So these small pellets can blow up anything?"
"Not anything, but certainly humans. For other things like shooting at vehicles or structures, we have larger shells that are shot from bigger guns. These small pellets are used in sniper rifles. Our soldiers target the enemies’ necks or thighs because their chests are covered in armors. If these pellets hit armor and explode externally there is a chance that the target may get injured but not get killed. But once the pellet enters the body and explodes inside the target is simply blown away. He has no chance."
"We used these sniper rifles in the ambush in which Moses got killed," George said entering the conversation. "That was our first real combat with these guns and they were fantastic. James’s father Shaun had developed these sniper rifles. Our soldiers had found a couple of rifles in an abandoned army vehicle and Shaun was able to replicate their design. Shaun carried forward the research of his father, designed machines for the mass production of weapons and ammunition, and kept on improving the quality of our weapons. We needed Shaun for some other important projects, so James took over this facility. And he is doing a great job as well."
James’s cheeks turned pink when George praised him in front of Jennifer. She gave him a cold stare and he quickly got a hold of himself. "These guns may not be as sophisticated as Aden’s weapons but because they shoot Star-Rock pellets they are way more menacing."
Jennifer gasped. "What? You mean to say, our enemies don't use Star-Rocks in their weapons?" 
"To trigger the chain reaction for Star-Rocks to blow up, a certain chemical compound must be coated on these pellets. Matthews figured out what that chemical was when he accidentally stumbled over a Star-Rock that somehow hadn't exploded during the Catastrophe. Without this coating, Star-Rocks can't be used in weapons. The looters don’t know this secret yet."
Jennifer looked at thousands of Star-Rocks made ammunition and remembered something. "Father, don’t you think that since Jennifer is the chosen one now, I am entitled to pay a visit to the Star-Rock farms, which you have denied me so far"
"Yes, I think it is time for you to see those fields. Moses also wanted to go there but didn't get a chance. I will take you there next week."
"I also want to come with you. I want to see the world inside those walls." James put in his application
"This is no picnic trip, son.” George blew away his enthusiasm, but then added as an afterthought, “However because the maps drawn by your great-grandfather showed us the way to those farms, you deserve a chance to see them at least once. You can come with us."
***
"He is more interested in coming with you, rather than going to the Star-Rock farm," George whispered to Jennifer while walking out of the facility.
Here we go again. He just wants you to get hooked. He won’t mind even if you start dating the guard outside your door. "Come on dad, he was just a little awe-struck, nothing more. Jennifer is quite used to those looks now."
"Girl, you didn't see his eyes. He is head over heels in love with you. Love at first sight."
"Then he is knocking on the wrong door. Jennifer doesn’t have time for love. And dad, you know that my love won't bear him any fruits."
"Not able to bear children isn't the end of the world." George tried to convince her daughter for the umpteenth time.
"It may not be the end of the world, but for Jennifer, it certainly is the end of love. Now can we discuss something else?"
George sighed. "Okay, let us meet another person who will be accompanying us on our trip."
They returned to the headquarters of David’s army. George took Jennifer to a small room in the corner of the top floor. 
"Hello Roger, how are you doing?" George asked.
Roger hung his head. "Just returned from a walk. Your people still don't trust me. They don't let me disappear out of their sights even for a minute." 
"You gave them the biggest shock of their lives by killing Moses. They don't want to take another chance with you."
"It has been four years. What I did then was my duty as a soldier. But the moment I saw the Refuge and realized how miserable your lives have become due to our invasion, I have been helping you." 
"Yes, you have provided us with some valuable information. Remember I trust you so don't get bothered by other people's behavior. Some day they will recognize your true nature. Today I have brought Jennifer to meet you. Jennifer, the chosen one after Moses." 
Roger looked at Jennifer from top to bottom. He was lost in his thoughts. He might be wondering that he killed the savior to end this war but somehow Elisians got another one.
George pulled him out of his thoughts. "I want you to accompany us in our foray into the Ruins. I think you could provide us with some insights down there."
Roger’s eyes lit up. This was going to be the first time Roger would step out of the Refuge since he was arrested four years ago. The first time he was going to be near their fortress.
***
Fifteen members of David's Army stood near a secret entrance that led into a tunnel. This entrance was built into a side of a small mound near the banks of river Vinum and was hidden by small plants and bushes.
"Okay let’s go inside," George announced.
David, George’s son and his deputy interrupted his father. "First I need to handcuff commander Roger."
"Is that required?" George asked.
"We are entering enemy territory and being close to his people might just tempt him to do something silly. Can't take a chance, especially with some high-profile guests accompanying us on this tour," David said gesturing towards his sister. 
David wasn't particularly pleased with his father’s decision to take Jennifer on a tour inside enemy territory. He deemed it too risky. But George argued that one day they will have to fight inside the enemy territory. And if Jennifer has a rough idea about that place, about its security arrangements, that could prove useful to her on the day of the war. 
David was very protective of his sister. He didn't want Jennifer to suffer the same fate as Moses, but he also knew that Jennifer was much better prepared than him. Since their childhood, she had trained with David and was physically and mentally very strong. After becoming the chosen one, she underwent the complete training regime which all recruits of David's Army were required to go through and passed out with flying colors. She was a natural in combat, had lightning reflexes, and could tackle a handful of soldiers without breaking a sweat. David fondly remembered how Jennifer had pinned him to the ground when he had made the mistake of taking her lightly during a practice fight.
Besides Jennifer’s natural talent, David understood that the powers of the amulet imbibed in her soul and body subconsciously boosted her strengths. She had superhuman energy, superb instincts, and could move at the speed of light. Her grasp over her powers was further tightened by the Conferences of Transitioners. Jennifer discussed everything that happened in those conferences with David, and in return, he helped her in putting all that knowledge to the test. 
In the last four years, David had seen his sister transform from a young naive girl into a strong-willed, battle-ready commander. A transformation that was essential for someone tagged to become the Transitioner. Her evolution inspired confidence. People started to believe that their hopes weren't misplaced. And that was the reason David didn't want to take a chance. Whether she was the Transitioner or not, her existence was necessary for the hopes of this world. Elisians might not be able to withstand another heartbreak. But despite all this, they were taking her into the enemy territory for no particular reason. His father's decision-making sometimes defied all logic.
George decided to give everyone a brief lesson in history. "People, this is one of the secret tunnels, out of many, that can take us from the riverbanks to the heart of the Ruins, and the fields beyond that. As per the legends, these tunnels were dug on the instructions of David, so that at the turn of the loop his heir can escape from the capital. Solomon used one of these tunnels to reach the bridge and take that historic leap. These tunnels were nicely tucked away from people's eyes until Andrews discovered one of them during his explorations. As many of these tunnels are interconnected one lead to the discovery of many others.”
George unfurled a rolled paper. "Andrews and Matthews made maps of these tunnels that passed onto us. This is one of those maps and we are in this tunnel," he said pointing to a tunnel on the map. "This tunnel will lead us to Star-Rock farms. Many of these tunnels lead straight into the Ruins, but we don't go that way. We don't want to alarm our enemy because when the time comes, these secret passages are going to be priceless."
They kept moving inside the tunnel. Nathan further elaborated George’s point. "This is the longest and one of the only two tunnels that has an exit outside the enemy's security perimeter. It starts well south of the Ruins and takes us to the farms just north of it. The fences to the south are heavily guarded, as all the population of Elisium lives south of the Ruins. The northern fields are mostly left unattended as our enemies don't expect us to reach that far. Their careless attitude makes it easier for our soldiers to collect these rocks."
At last, they reached an exit after walking for hours inside the tunnel. Ten soldiers of David's Army were waiting for them there.
"Welcome George, you have paid us a visit after a long time." Elliot, In-charge of the units which collected the Star-Rocks, greeted George. "Oh, and you have brought the miracle girl with you. A pleasure to see you, Jennifer." Elliot said shaking her hand.
They walked for a few minutes inside the thick bushes, till they emerged into large fields. These fields were covered in wild grass and thousands of small pieces of Star-Rocks were littered around them.
James rubbed his hands "Wow! A huge treasure is lying here unguarded."
"Yes," Elliot replied, "They have huge boulders inside the Ruins to meet their needs so they don't worry about these pebbles." Elliot then showed them the barbed-wired fence, lining the edge of these fields. "These security fences mark the edge of their security perimeter. We are just a few kilometers from their headquarters in the Ruins, but they hardly bother about their northern territories."
James was about to touch the fence but Elliot pulled him back. "Stop, young man. These wires carry heavy electric current. Whoever touches it gets electrocuted. Now and then animals and birds get roasted by them."
"It also sets off an alarm in their headquarters," Roger said. He was panting and took the opportunity to sit on the ground. "If someone touches these fences, they get the exact location of the breach and can reach that spot in a couple of minutes." 
George taunted Roger. "Being an Army man you should have better stamina than that."
"Being locked inside a room for four years takes its toll on a person's fitness. You people carry on I will catch up with you."
David raised an eyebrow. 
Roger shook his head. "Boy, I am just trying to catch my breath. I have no plans to jump on these wires and get fried. But you can still stand here and guard over me if you want."
"David, get off his back," George ordered his son. Roger lied down on his back and took a few deep breaths. The entourage moved away from the fence towards the center of the fields.
Elliot was still showing them around the fields when David noticed something. Puffs of dust were rising from the direction of the Ruins. A fleet of enemy vehicles was charging towards them. The enemies were coming at full speed, whereas they were stuck in the middle of the fields with nowhere to hide.
David shouted, "Enemies approaching. Take cover. Take Cover."
Everyone dashed towards the bushes. George, Nathan, David, and other soldiers surrounded Jennifer. They wouldn’t repeat the same mistake they did with Moses. They will not let her out of their sight.
They ran fast, but the enemy vehicles were faster. Minutes later, they were surrounded from all sides.
David saw George and Nathan’s shoulders slump. Their faces lost all color. He felt a lump growing in his throat. Darkness engulfed his heart. He wasn’t worried about his life, but he was worried about the chosen one. 
Surely, there can’t be a repeat of what happened four years ago. Destiny can’t be so cruel to them. He didn’t know the plans of destiny, but he certainly knew that Elisium can't afford to lose another Savior. 
And when your world is at stake, you don’t shy away from even fighting destiny.








Chapter Thirty
A Telling Blow
Great leaders are borne out of sacrifices
Aden. 
5L 15/15/1/1
“Isn’t this ironical that I am presiding over the Celebrations of Freedom, although this might be my last day as a free man.”
Samuel whispered to Desmond, sitting on a large chair that resembled his throne, over an opulent stage built on the Deck of the Nineteen Martyrs. He was presiding over the farewell ceremony that he had aptly named the Celebration of Freedom. Five thousand soldiers were about to depart for Tenebra, to take over the control of that base and relieve the current troops from their duty.
Although Samuel maintained his composure, he was wrecked from within. He knew Olivier, Malcolm and Henry might have already jumped into the whirlpool and they shall be here by tomorrow. That would be the end of his reign and a long-lasting legacy.
His time may be up, but in the last seven years, Samuel had changed the dynamics of Aden by carrying out sweeping reforms. Graham, son of Andrews and a young man with a genius mind just like his father, and Desmond helped him in his mission. Rather than concentrating their efforts solely around Aurae and the neighboring areas, they reached out to far ends of this world in a bid for comprehensive development. Aden was divided into different provinces for better governance and all those provinces were given representation into the Council. Some of the marginalized communities, which always felt left out were pleased by their king's efforts to bring them into the fold. Samuel was labeled the king of the common man.
He further stacked his Council with scientists, scholars, and representatives from different regions to cut down the influence of the nobles, who inherited these seats down the generations. A subsequent law was passed to reserve these seats for only such distinguished people and elected representatives. This move of expanding the Council riled up the elites but delighted the masses. By adding these members Samuel safeguarded the interests of the common people to a certain extent. Now it would be very difficult to pass any laws that could harm the interests of Adeners. This was a tactical move to rein in the new regime from rampant corruption.
To undo some of the damage he had caused to Elisium, Samuel ordered his troops to be trained in humanitarian work and social services. He just hoped that on seeing the ground realities these new troops will reach out to Elisians and try to restore some peace in that world.
Samuel also used these seven years to hide his family. He split them up and sent them to far-off regions, on the pretext of sending them as envoys. He instructed them to keep moving and merge into the commoners till their trail had completely disappeared. Samuel’s heart broke into pieces when he had to send away his children, but he knew that it was necessary to save them from his enemies. 
Finally, the day he had feared, arrived. When a person knows his looming fate and accepts it, that takes out the sting. On the second morning of the Crossing, Samuel was standing on the balcony when a few guards walked into the room.
"Your Highness, an urgent Council meeting has been called. Everyone is expecting you."
Samuel turned around to face the guards. His mind was clear. His nerves were calm. He was happy for what he had achieved in the last seven years and now he wanted to get done with this Council circus. "I think this may be the last time you will be addressing me as Your Highness. Let us go and face my fate."
Samuel walked into the Great hall of the Council. Large granite statues of his forefathers, who had ruled this world with pride and honor, stared at him. Samuel wondered if he had brought disgrace to his whole family with one foolish decision.
Olivier, Malcolm, and Henry were waiting for him in the middle of the hall. All the members of the Council were gazing at Samuel with varying expressions, ranging from disbelief to anger to pure hatred. The ten officers, who had returned from Elisium during the last Crossing were standing in the center, with their heads bowed. Desmond was standing near the throne bearing the look of a convict who was about to be executed.
Samuel slowly climbed the few steps towards the magnificent golden throne and sat on it for one last time.
Samuel looked at Olivier and smiled. "I think the meeting has already begun without me. Holy Angels Olivier, you seemed to have lost some weight. I assume spending seven years in Elisium, the same seven years which you planned to spend as a king, has taken its toll on you."
Olivier wasn’t in a mood for a verbal battle. "Whatever you are trying to suggest won't do you any good. Everyone now knows the truth of Tenebra. How your one bad decision, against the will of the Council, resulted in the deaths of hundreds of soldiers and thousands of innocents. Everyone now knows how this deceitful person," Olivier said pointing towards Desmond, "your accomplice in your crimes, drugged me and Malcolm. They also know how you used these disloyal officers to spread lies and managed to pull off such a massive coverup."
Samuel leaned back in his throne. His face was like blank paper. No one could read anything on it. His voice was as casual as if he was having a dinner chat. "First of all, I would like to clarify that these officers are loyal and honest. God knows that whatever they did, they did it to protect their families. I had threatened them of dire consequences, including death if they went against my will."
Many people gasped aloud. Others looked at him with wide eyes. How can the same person who worked day and night for the betterment of this world stoop so low? 
Samuel didn’t want these honorable officers to take a fall for him. They were faultless and once they had realized that whatever Samuel was doing was for Aden’s good, some of them had whole-heartedly joined his cause.
"How can you indulge in shameful acts and then have the guts to admit it without a hint of remorse?" one of the Council members shouted at Samuel.
"Threatening to harm someone's family or children is a demonic act." 
"You are a monster." Many others joined the curse-your-king competition.
"I bear full responsibility for their actions. They had no choice but to follow my orders." Samuel’s voice was again as smooth as silk. His composure enraged others.
"And what about the crimes that were committed in Tenebra? Who will take the responsibility for those thousands of innocent lives?"
"Because of you, rivers of blood flowed in Tenebra. How does your soul bear that burden?" 
"Your soul will rot in hell." 
Many Council members, especially the nobles, were infuriated because they now understood that Samuel had used these seven years to completely alter the power structure of Aden and undermine their authority. These frustrated nobles now had a chance to vent out their anger on Samuel and they targeted him with the filthiest of curses that were permissible within the decorum of the Council.
In the same Great Hall where no one dared to raise his voice against Samuel, people were abusing him. Disgrace is worse than death for honorable men. But Samuel couldn’t die yet because some work was still left. He had to land a final blow before going away.
During the last seven years, Samuel had sought the counsel of his old teacher and he had told him to practice meditation. He had become very proficient at shutting out the unnecessary voices. Amidst these scenes of chaos, Samuel was a sea of calm. He was unflustered by all this frenzy around him. He had prepared himself for this day. Like a sick person, who knows that his death is around the corner, Samuel was ready to embrace his fate.
Samuel stood up from his throne and raised his hand. The abusing came to an abrupt halt. Whatever the circumstances, Samuel was still the King and his imposing personality always commanded respect.
"As I had used the Right of the King to overrule the Council, In God’s name I accept complete responsibility for all that has happened in Tenebra. I am also solely responsible for the coverup and all the lies that were spread in the last seven years. Right this moment, I renounce the throne of Aden. I am no longer your king.” 
There was dead silence in the hall. Samuel’s word seemed to echo in the hall forever. And they were going to echo in the history. For the first time in Aden, a king had given up his throne. Samuel walked down the steps. “Believing in Almighty’s grace, I submit myself to the mercy of the Council. I demand a fair trial, which is the right of every citizen of this world. Before any sentence is passed on my fate, the Council must find out what exactly happened in Tenebra. Yes, I am responsible for sending troops there but we must know what caused the bloodshed? And if there are any other culprits they must also be punished with me."
Brendon, one of the eldest members of the Council, a scholar who was inducted into the Council by Samuel himself, supported his king. "As per the rules of this land, everyone deserves a fair trial. King Samuel must have one as well."
Malcolm quickly diverted the discussion to another issue. “Since Samuel has stepped down, we must appoint a new king.”
Brendon looked at Samuel. “I think it is time for you to call back your son from that secret mission you have sent him to.”
Samuel gave a genial smile. His every smile was like a stab for many. “Thanks for your concern Brendon, but my son is still underage so he can’t become the king.”
“I don’t think this world wants anyone from your family to rule us after your treachery,” One of the ministers hissed. Many others voiced their agreement.
“Wishes of the council may not necessarily be the desire of this whole world. But I understand how things are going to work from now on,” Samuel added looking at Olivier. “So I declare that my son and other family members are not going to return. The Council shouldn’t consider him for this honor.”
“In such a scenario, the HighMinister should assume the post of the king.” One of the members made his loyalties clear.
Brendon interrupted again. “HighMinister Olivier was part of a mission that is under investigation. He cannot take this post until the trial is over and it is established that he had nothing to do with all the unfortunate events that happened in Tenebra. He has to first clear his name and then he can become our new king.”
No one could find a way past that point and the Council agreed that Olivier had to wait. The throne of Aden was lying vacant for the first time. 
The most high-profile trial ever was scheduled to begin in the week after the Crossing. Five members of the Council, including four nobles, were appointed as the judges. Samuel requested an open trial. It was a common practice for distinguished cases where commoners were allowed to see the proceedings. The Grand Arena of Aurae, which hosted all the major events of Aden, was selected as the venue for this trial.
Samuel knew that no trial was going to save him. He hadn’t opted for an open trial to save himself, but to save this world.
***
The trial finally began. Although Brendon’s unnecessary intervention had delayed his coronation, Olivier was quite confident about his prospects. He had played his cards to near perfection. During his testimony, he firmly blamed Henry for all the military decisions. He said again and again, that since King Samuel had given Henry complete control over the army, he kept overruling him. Henry even threatened to kill him if he interfered in the army matters. 
Olivier was a skilled orator. He cleverly pointed out that it was Henry who ordered the slaughter of the surrendered archers at the riverbanks. It was he who ordered to kill every soldier during the ambush. It was he who shot Matthews and crucified Nicholas. Olivier even subtly hinted that it might have been Henry who started the massacre which resulted in the rivers of blood. Malcolm sang to the tune of Olivier and highlighted the fact that Henry did nothing to stop the shooting during the massacre.
Olivier concluded his testimony by articulating a genius little theory. "I assume, Henry did what he did, on the orders of the King. It was quite clear during my private meetings with Samuel that he just didn't want the Star-Rocks, he wanted to become the king of two worlds. To achieve that ambition, he asked Henry to do whatever was required. He ordered him to win that world for him by any means. Henry followed the orders, but he went a little too far with the bloodshed. When Samuel came to know about the massacre, he panicked and tried to cover it up. But eventually, the truth came out in open. I believe that what happened, was not just because of a foolish decision made by Samuel, but because of his fanciful ambitions. These were some well-laid plans that went awry. In my opinion, Samuel's unending aspirations and Henry's boundless bloodlust, fueled by his desire to avenge his father, were the main reasons behind this debacle."
"HighMinister, if you knew about such fanciful ambitions, why didn't you inform the Council then? Why didn't you try and stop him?" One of the judges asked Olivier.
"Tell me, honorable judge, who would have taken my word against the word of the king? Would anyone have believed me if I had accused the King of foul intentions? Most of the Council was against his plan of sending troops, but everyone just shut their mouths when he invoked the Right of the King. If I would have spoken against him, I would have been charged with treason. Still, I did my part by volunteering to go on this mission and tried my best to control the damage."
Brendon, the elderly statesman, audibly cleared his throat and walked towards Olivier. During an open trial, the audience was allowed to ask questions. Brendon, a distinguished scholar, decided to have a go at Olivier. "You volunteered to go on this mission in a bid to control some damage. Now can you please tell us what damage did you control? As far as we know, you let rivers of blood flow right under your eyes."
"I tried my best, but Henry was not in a mood to listen to anyone and the army only heeded to his orders. I have also mentioned this before, Henry threatened to kill me."
"So you just backed off fearing for your life. Your life was more precious than the lives of hundreds of soldiers and thousands of innocents?" 
Olivier was a little taken aback by this line of questioning. "If Henry would have killed me, my headless body would have been of little use. I tried to stay alive to keep whatever control I could."
Brendon was turning up the heat on Olivier. "Maybe, if you would have shown a little spine and confronted Henry he would have backed off. And even in the unlikeliest of the scenarios, which I am sure would have never happened, if Henry had actually killed you, the dead-body of the HighMinister would have surely signaled to our soldiers that something was wrong. That would have shaken them up. That would have shown them the true face of Henry and would have inspired them for some introspection. Tell me HighMinister, wasn't that worth a try rather than feebly surrendering to Henry's whims?"
Olivier shifted uneasily in his chair. He was not prepared for such a counter-attack. The old Council members were completely under his control but these new members added by Samuel had no such apprehensions. Brendon was tearing him apart and cracks were starting to appear in Olivier’s gleaming personality. For the first time, he looked at a loss for words.
Brendon was in no mood to spare him. "A person so obsessed about himself cannot be hailed as a good leader. Great leaders are borne out of sacrifices. If a leader cannot put his life at stake for his people, then he doesn't deserve to lead them. I certainly won't be looking forward to seeing such a person sit on the throne of Aden." That last sentence was like a body blow to Olivier’s aspirations. Before he could think of any response Brendon decided to land another blow.
"I have another issue with your story. You are the HighMinister, the second most powerful person in Aden, and Henry is much junior to you in ranks. What kind of a leader you are if you cannot put a leash on your subordinates? If you cannot control a young man, the age of your son, how do we expect you to take control of this whole world?" Brendon paused for a moment for his statement to sink in. Loud murmurs erupted in the crowd. Brendon was knocking the air out of Olivier’s prospects.
Brendon then landed the coup de grace. "After analyzing all these facts, I have a theory of my own. I will stick my neck out to say that you intentionally didn't stop Henry. You knew that all this bloodshed would be pinned on the king and that would be massively beneficial for one person. You understood that the more blood is spilled the better because then king Samuel will be forced to abandon his throne. Tell me HighMinister who is supposed to get the throne after him? Tell me who is the one person who is going to massively benefit from this enormous debacle?" Brendon let the question hang in the air.
Every eye in the arena was locked on Olivier. The changing expressions on people’s faces told the whole story. Adeners, who didn't know much about treacheries and conspiracies, hadn’t considered this possibility.
Olivier slammed his fist and stood up from his chair. "I will not endure any more slandering. I am an honorable man who has spent his entire life serving this world." Olivier tried to salvage the situation, but his words sounded hollow. People were busy in their chatter and didn't even pay attention to what he was saying.
One of the judges intervened. "Brendon, we will not allow anyone to put baseless allegations on HighMinister. If he was threatened, and he backed off fearing for his life, that was well within his rights." The Judge was trying to defend Olivier, but his statement just had the opposite effect on the crowd. Olivier was now a selfish coward who just worried about himself.
Brendon gave a close-lipped smile. "I was just stating what I thought was a possibility. Whether that is true or false, it is upon the Honorable judges to debate and decide."
"There will be no more discussion on these allegations until there is some substantial proof to reinforce your theory. And you may please sit down for now."
"As you wish your Honor." Brendon bowed his head and went back to his chair.
The damage had already been done. The murmurs never stopped.
Brendon had dealt a telling blow to Olivier's image and his dreams.
Out of nowhere, Olivier was caught in a storm and his world was falling apart.





Chapter Thirty-One
The Dilemma
Some doors must remain shut and never be opened
My love led me to you, and now I don’t want to go anywhere
Elisium 
5L 21/19/5/15
"Put down your guns. I would love to kill each one of you, but I have to follow certain protocols. So don't tempt me into doing something which I so much want to do." 
Jennifer and her companions heard the enemy commander shout into the megaphone of his vehicle. They were surrounded by a dozen patrolling vehicles in the middle of the field and there was nowhere to run. A herd of antelopes cornered by a pack of hungry wolves. 
Jennifer noticed that the soldiers of David's army had formed a protective ring around her. George, Nathan, and David were busy throwing quizzical looks at each other. If they got killed, the whole top brass of David's army will be gone. If they surrendered, it might be worst. 
They are not worried about themselves, they are worried about you. They are thinking about how to get you out of this mess. Now, will you stop fooling around and get to work.
Jennifer took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Her lips started to move. Her fingers began snapping.
"I give you worms a minute. Put down your guns or I’ll shoot every one of you." The enemy commander repeated his warning.
And then, something extraordinary happened. Out of nowhere, a massive sandstorm engulfed the fields. The blanket of dust was so thick that no one could even see their hands. 
"Keep moving in the west direction and try to reach the bushes," Jennifer shouted to her men.
Jennifer was stuck in the same situation as Moses, but the conferences had given her enough training on how to tackle different scenarios. Jennifer made some quick calculations. She knew there was a desert beyond these fields.
Grandpa Solomon, hope your trick works
And it did. Although her sandstorm blind-sighted her men as well, it provided them cover to make it to the bushes. From there reaching the tunnel wouldn’t be so hard.
But the enemy commander was smart and he guessed what they might try to do. He barked in his radio, "Troops on the west side, come out of the vehicles and hold your positions. Enemies will be moving towards you. Everyone else, get out of your trucks and move towards the bushes." However, these instructions came a little too late for them.
Jennifer was quite surprised when she realized that the sandstorm didn’t affect her.
Grandpa Solomon surely didn’t mention this. But no one’s complaining here.
She swiftly moved towards the three trucks which came in her troop's way. And then she decided to do a Moses. She almost felt silly doing it, and she wouldn't have been surprised if nothing happened. But she took a chance. She mustered all her strength and kicked one of the armored vehicles. She realized that she had over-exerted herself when the truck lifted off the ground like a giant football, took a few tumbles, and came to a halt several meters away. Before anyone could understand what was happening the two nearby trucks were sent flying as well.
All the members of David's army dashed towards the bushes. Jennifer looked at other looters who had milled out of their vehicles and were moving towards the bushes. They still heavily outnumbered her men. 
The sandstorm will be over in a few minutes and your men might not make it back to the tunnel. You must decisively swing this battle in your favor before that happens. Ground your enemies into the dirt while they are handicapped.
David was moving alongside her. She whispered to him, "Give me the best guns you have."
"You kicking those trucks was an astonishing feat, but no more stunts. We can't put you at risk. Let the soldiers do the shooting."
"Cut the crap, brother. Have you trained your soldiers to shoot blindfolded? Your men right now are as good as mannequins with guns. Find us some cover and then let Jennifer take down the enemies while they can’t open their eyes."
David couldn't argue with that logic. Once they reached the bushes, Jennifer selected an area with thick bushes that provided cover and also gave her a clear view of the field. And the hunt began.
***
Commander Darren Robert was leading the troops that were tasked to check on the incursion. Now and then there were false alarms, so Darren wasn’t expecting much action, but quite unexpectedly he hit a jackpot. He licked his lips. Finally, he was going to have a big hunt. 
But just when he was about to start the game a sandstorm engulfed the fields. Darren was baffled by the timing of this sandstorm. He had been in this world for one and a half mini-cycles but had never witnessed anything remotely resembling a sandstorm. Something or someone, here was playing around with the forces of nature.
Furthermore, his three trucks that were blocking the enemy’s exit route had disappeared. He had no idea what happened to them, however, he and his remaining troops kept moving towards the bushes. And then he heard a gunshot. One of the soldiers to his left exploded. Another shot and another soldier was blasted off. 
“Lie down. Crouch to the ground.” He shouted but his voice hardly carried any distance because of the howling winds. One by one, his soldiers kept exploding like balloons. There was panic amongst his men. Low visibility made it impossible to determine who was firing at them, but the lack of simultaneous shooting and a pause after every round made it clear that there was a single shooter. Whoever that was, was a great marksman, as he was hitting his targets with admirable precision, and was unfazed by the sandstorm. Darren’s men were like sitting ducks being poached by a skilled hunter. This person was single-handedly laying his troops to waste.
Darren decided he had to launch some sort of counter-attack. He followed the sound of the gunshots and strained his eyes. The sandstorm had slightly weakened and visibility had marginally improved. He saw some sparks. Darren now had the location. Whoever was shooting at them was just a few meters away.
Desperate times need desperate measures and Darren decided to take one such drastic step. He passed on his plan to the few members of his troops who were also crouching on the ground near him. A minute later they all charged in a specific direction, firing incessantly towards an unknown target. They still couldn't make out who or how many were there, but they just kept firing their guns.
Some of the enemies were hit by this shower of bullets. Their rifles couldn't match the firing speed of her Aden’s automatic guns and in an instant, Darren’s men were upon their enemies. The sandstorm had thinned and the two troops now faced each other. Only a few steps separated them. 
Darren had by then figured out that a mysterious girl was shooting down his men while others were protecting her. Now she was standing in front of his eyes. Before any of his enemies could react, Darren and his men aimed all their guns at the girl and started shooting at once.
***
Jennifer saw tens of guns pointed at her. She took a step back. Her enemies pulled their triggers. And then something happened. James who was standing near Jennifer flung himself in front of her. He was ready to sacrifice himself to protect her. 
A flurry of bullets traveled towards James, ready to pierce his body and shred his flesh. But quite astonishingly, none of those bullets hit him. They all came within inches of his body and just fell to the ground. An invisible divine shield was protecting James.
Jennifer’s hands were stretched out in front of her body. It seemed as if she was pushing at some unseeable barrier. James looked back over his shoulder towards Jennifer. She was panting. Her knees were giving away. "Jennifer can't hold this for long, get ready for one last assault."
Jennifer closed her eyes, mustered all her strength, and then with a roar, pushed hard in front of her body.
A strong gush of wind, like a small tornado, rushed towards Darren and his men. They were thrown several feet in the air before they came crashing down. Twisted arms, fractured legs, broken ribs. Some of them were knocked unconscious. Before they could understand what hit them Jennifer’s men were upon them. Several shots fired simultaneously marked the end of this mini-battle.
David pointed his gun at Darren's head. "What do we do of the commander?" He asked.
"We can take him with us," Nathan suggested. "He could be useful."
George shook his head. "Friend, we already have Roger with us. I don't think this person could give us any information which Roger can't. By the way, where is Roger? Haven't seen him since the time they cornered us."
"I assume he grabbed the opportunity and ran away. I told you we can’t trust him." David could never let go of his suspicion for Roger. He kept telling George that there was something about him that didn’t feel right.
"I am not surprised by your views about me." Everyone’s eyes turned to Roger who was slowly walking towards them. "But remember son, the easiest way to win wars is to turn your enemies into your allies. But for doing that you need to trust them and you have a severe deficiency of that."
David ignored his taunts. "Where were you?"
"When you fled like a rat, did you spare a thought for the person lying on the ground, or were you too busy saving your sorry self. My hands were tied behind my back, I didn’t have any weapons, so tell me what else I could have done other than lying low and out of the line of fire?"
"And just wait for the fight to get over so that you can pick the winning side." 
Roger curled his lips. "I have picked a side long ago. Are you really dumb or just act like one? I had an easy chance here to flee towards the Ruins and get back to my people if I wanted to. I thought my return would settle the debate about my loyalties."
David wanted to say something but Roger cut him short. "Son, we can discuss all this inside the Refuge. As for now, we must leave quickly. Backup troops will be swarming this place anytime soon.
"What should we do of him?" David gestured towards Darren.
Roger gave an idea. "We must take him with us. It has been four years since I have been inside the base. Commander Darren could give us the latest updates about what is happening within these walls."
George agreed with him. David handcuffed Darren and dragged him with his touring party. They reached the exit without any further incident and entered the tunnel. They sealed the entrance from inside and everyone collectively breathed a sigh of relief. The relieved expressions on the faces of George and Nathan were a sight. They looked like a person who just escaped a lightning bolt or a trickster who just dodged death.
For David’s army, this little battle had begun as an unfortunate incident, but it ended up as a blessing. Not only did they strike their enemies deep inside their den, but they also witnessed a sample of Jennifer’s raw powers. The way she kept her composure during this crisis and trumped her enemies was a further morale booster for them.
But the drama wasn’t over. Just when they were about to move, Jennifer suddenly grabbed James by his collar and punched him on his face. 
"God! is that how you thank someone?" James asked wiping off blood from his lips, which now had a deep cut.
"What the hell were you trying to do there?" There was a fire in Jennifer’s eyes. Even though James knew she wouldn't harm him but such was her fury that he instinctively took a step back. "Trying to be a hero? The brave guy who died saving the savior. Trust Jennifer, all the praises which would have been levied upon you would be useless to you after your death."
James looked into her eyes. "I was not trying to save the Savior. I was just trying to save Jennifer, the girl I love."
"Love? We barely know each other. We have just met once before."
James’s cheeks turned pink. "Yes, it is true that you barely know me, but I know everything about you. I have been in love with you since the day I saw you rising from death. Yes, I know hundreds of young men have been bewitched by your charm, but somewhere behind that facade, there is a simple girl who likes playing football with the kids. A girl who never misses watering the plants on her balcony. A girl who loves to see the sunrise while eating her sandwich sitting on the grass bank near the lake.”
“Do you stalk Jennifer wherever she goes?” 
“You might not have noticed me but I just live across from your house and every day I spend hours looking at you doing these simple things. Everyone is in awe of Jennifer the Savior, but I love the Jennifer that is hidden behind that aura. I was trying to save that Jennifer when I jumped in front of you."
"This is not love, just an infatuation. A wild crush." Jennifer wanted to sound rude but her shaky voice betrayed her.
"You can name it whatever you like, but what I did today was a response born out of my feelings. I couldn't let my love getting killed in front of my eyes. It was not about becoming a hero, it was just about protecting someone precious than my life. And if we ever get stuck in a similar situation, I am going to do it again. You can punch me as much you want, I don't mind that, but as long as I am alive I can never let any of those bullets come near you. Loving me or not is your choice, but loving you is the truth of my life and I can't change it. And you can't stop me from loving you. "
Jennifer felt a lump forming in her throat. Her fingers snapped. "This love will lead you nowhere." She choked on her words.
James gave a disarming smile. "My love led me to you, and now I don’t want to go anywhere."
Jennifer turned around and walked away from him. She had nothing more to argue with James. Love could prove to be a massive distraction in the pursuit of your goal. You must keep the door of your heart firmly shut. 
Hey, you are a young girl. Your heart craves love. And there is something endearing about James. He is good-looking, intelligent, and caring. He is honest about his feelings. He is strong enough to express his love to the chosen one. No one had the guts to do that before.
He seems a little too good to be true. 
Hell, he jumped in front of the guns for you. He was ready to give up his life for you. What more could you ask for in a guy? 
But are you ready to tread the path of love? Love gives strength but it can turn into a weakness as well.
Jennifer the savior and Jennifer the young girl kept on fighting. She was fidgeting with a lock of her hair when she noticed a couple of grey strands in her beautiful dark hair. Then her eyes fell on the back of her right hand and she saw a few wrinkles.
The exertion of using the superpowers had taken its toll on her body. She had been warned of such consequences during the Conferences. She had to use her powers justifiably, but today there was no other option.
These grey hairs and wrinkles rang the warning bells. During the final war, she will have to extensively use her powers and might be fully spent. Not only she won't be able to bear a child, but she might also have nothing left to offer to her lover.
Love was not meant for her.
Some doors must remain shut and never be opened.





Chapter Thirty-Two
The Verdict
The bitterest defeat is when someone trumps you in your own game.
Aden 
5L 15/15/1/16
"Yes, I accept the fact that this coverup was a wrongful action on my part, and I am ready to accept the punishment. But first, you all must understand why I chose that path.” 
Samuel was an ocean of calm amidst the raging storms. Samuel's grace in the face of adversity swayed public emotions in his favor. During the trial, Olivier and Malcolm repeatedly hinted that Henry committed all those crimes under extensive orders from Samuel, but he never slighted anyone. He drove home his points and very subtly reminded people about what he had done for them, but also made sure that it never felt as if he was boasting about his achievements. Many Adeners believed that this whole trial was a dirty political game to dethrone the king who had dared to empower the commoners.
A perfect example of this was his ingenious reply when one of the judges asked him that why he didn't notify the Council about the botched-up mission seven years ago and instead opted for the coverup?
“Irrespective of what honorable HighMinister thought about my intentions, he must have surely misunderstood me at some point, God knows that my sole intention of sending troops to Elisium was to defend Aden from any foreign threats. When I came to know that the mission had taken a violent turn, I decided to take its full responsibility and give up the throne at that very moment. But then I realized that if I recuse myself from my position, without a proper person present to take it over, it would lead to utter chaos. By God’s grace, I also had some ambitious plans for the development of Aden, so I decided to hold on to this opportunity to serve the people of Aden for another seven years."
"But why did you keep the Council in dark?" One of the judges asked.
"Holy angels. Honorable minister, just tell honestly, if I had told you all the truth, would you have let me continue as the King? Would you all have let me do what I did in the last seven years? Just go and ask Adeners, and they will tell you what our regime achieved in the last mini-cycle. We brought remote parts of this world into the fray. We gave common people representation in the Council. We provided scientists and scholars a chance to have a say in the policy matters of this world. Yes, I am guilty of stealing seven years, but I didn’t steal them to beef up my defenses and protect my throne, but I stole them for Aden. I stole those years to fulfill a dream. And Almighty is my witness that this dream was not to sit on the throne forever, but was to turn Aden into a much more united, developed, and prosperous world."
"That doesn't wash away your crimes." One of the judges tried to silence him but the crowds started jeering. Samuel’s every word resonated with the masses. He was their messiah.
"They were no crimes, they were mistakes. Big mistakes, no doubt, but I want people to know that what I did, I did it with a clean heart and noble intentions. I have never even once said that I must be spared. If I had wanted to escape, I had seven years to do so. But here I am, in front of the people, ready to face my sentence."
King of the common men had wooed Adeners. A majority of them wanted him to continue. They were least bothered by what happened in Tenebra or who committed those massacres, all they cared about was what was best for their world. And Samuel was the best thing that had happened to Aden after Solomon. The administrative brilliance he had shown was unprecedented. What he had achieved in seven years hadn't been achieved in that many cycles.
***
It took Henry a few days to realize that he was the scapegoat that Olivier had prepared for sacrifice. All the bloodshed was pinned on him. Olivier and Malcolm kept repeating that Henry knowingly did all this on Samuel’s orders. Most army officers from the mission testified against Henry. He vehemently denied all the allegations, but he had walked right into Olivier’s trap and there was no escape.
On the other hand, Olivier's problems kept on compounding after Brendon's assault. Samuel had handpicked Brendon to the Council and Brendon had repaid his faith by tearing down Olivier’s story and putting it on a burner. More Council members, scholars, and even some commoners, now began to question Olivier’s actions and intentions. Cracks grew wider, not only in his watertight story but his impeccable demeanor as well. The ever calm and composed diplomat repeatedly got offended during the questioning. His frequent outbursts were in stark contrast to Samuel’s flawless composure. Samuel’s acceptance of his mistakes trounced Olivier’s denial of his crimes. Adeners knew who amongst the two was more worthy of their trust. Although there was no substantial evidence against Olivier, the seeds of doubt had taken roots.
The nobles in the Council also felt the heat. Samuel was skillfully diverting people’s attention away from him and focusing it on Olivier. His selfless image was growing on people's minds with each hearing. If the trial stretched for too long, the Adeners might just ask the Council to pardon him and let him continue on the throne. And that was the last thing the nobles wanted. They needed to act before the matter slipped out of their hands.
All the powerful nobles of Aden held a secret meeting. The fate of Aden was sealed.
***
On the seventh morning of the trial, Kalvin, the senior-most of the five judges, abruptly decided to conclude the trial.
"I think we have heard all that everyone had to say in this matter. We have heard the testimonies of all the prominent people who were present in Elisium, heard what the defendants had to say, and also listened to some bizarre theories. I assume no one has anything new to say and repeating the same points again and again from different perspectives is just a waste of time. What we, the judges, have heard in the last six days is enough for us to reach a judgment. Since there is no new development, I will read out the judgment, which we have reached with a majority of four to one."
Kalvin took out some papers and started to read from them.
"By the virtue of the powers vested in us by the Council of Aden, in the case against the former King Samuel Solomon, we the judges have reached the following verdict.
‘King Samuel has, again and again, emphasized the fact, that his intention in doing what he did, was the betterment of this world. We found no reason to doubt his intentions, but his faulty decisions did cause the loss of thousands of lives. Hundreds of our families lost their sons and that certainly cannot be ignored. He committed another offense by trying to cover up this debacle. But he more than made up for the coverup by working tirelessly for the development of this world, and the people of this world will be forever indebted to him for his efforts."
A loud murmur of approval was heard around the arena. Kalvin, and the other judges with him, had made sure that the statements of the verdict did appease the sentiments of the people. They had to achieve their goal, but couldn’t afford to rile up the masses. No one wanted a rebellion.
"However, since he approved that wretched mission, against the wishes of the Council by using the Right of the King, he must face its consequences. We must also remember, that although inadvertently, his hands are stained with the blood of thousands of innocent people and such a person cannot be deemed fit to hold the lofty position of a king. Since Samuel has already renounced the throne, he will continue to do so. Furthermore, this court sentences Samuel Solomon to fourteen years of Banishment in Tenebra, to repent for his mistakes."
There was an uproar amongst the crowd. What did Banishment mean? What were they going to do with their beloved king?
Kalvin shouted at the top of his voice and asked people to settle down. Once the order was restored Kalvin continued reading the judgment. "As per the laws of this land a person who has committed a crime, even if he is the king, must be punished. Since the horrors of Samuel's wretched decision were mostly suffered by the people of Tenebra, it seemed most appropriate to banish him to that world, so that he can see the aftermath of his ill-advised invasion. This will also give him a chance to redeem himself by working for the betterment of the world which he almost destroyed. Samuel and Commander Desmond will be Banished to Tenebra during the next Crossing, and till that time they will be held as prisoners in Aden. Once they reach Elisium, they must stay with its people and try and help them rebuild their world. That will be an apt redemption for their mistakes."
There was a mixed reaction from the crowd. Gasps, murmurs, and head-scratching. Some weren't happy that their king was getting banished but others felt that the judges had eventually given out a fair judgment. A person with blood on his hand cannot rule them and Samuel had already given up his throne to face the consequences of his decisions.
After a brief pause, Kalvin continued reading from his papers. "As for Commander Henry, it has been proved beyond doubt, that he was the main culprit behind this bloodbath. His motives remain unclear, but his despicable actions demand the strictest of punishments. Commander Henry is henceforth sentenced to Banishment for life. He will be sent to Tenebra during the next Crossing, and till that time he will be imprisoned in the darkest of our cells. Furthermore, he should receive twenty lashes every week as an additional punishment."
There was a roar of approval after this sentence. Henry was people's most loathed villain and he got what he deserved.
Kalvin put down his papers and addressed the crowd.  "This trial leaves our world in a precarious situation. We are left without a King. The natural heir to the throne has vanished, and in such a scenario, the HighMinister is the obvious choice for the throne,.." 
People started shouting as soon as they heard Olivier’s mention. Some of the people used choicest of abuses for him. Olivier was the second most unpopular man in Aden after Henry. He hadn’t helped his cause by trying to malign the beloved king. Kalvin requested the crowd to let him speak, but people kept screaming. He was only able to resume when things cooled down after a couple of minutes. 
"After what has unfolded in the last few days the HighMinister's reputation has been severely damaged. Although nothing has been proved, yet a person with a tainted image doesn’t inspire confidence to be deemed fit to rule our world. After much deliberation, the judges have selected a person who seems fit for this role. He is well known for his intellect and hard work. At a relatively young age, he has rapidly risen through the ranks to become a minister. Furthermore, he has the added advantage of having stayed in that other world. He has seen the mistakes the former regime had made from up-close and as a king, he will benefit from that experience to ensure that we don't end up making such debacles in the future. At present, he is the best option we have. We, the judges, propose the name of Minister Malcolm Lewis as our new King and I request the Council to take a vote on this matter."
***
Olivier couldn’t believe his ears. He hid his face behind his palms. His body went numb. He couldn’t even feel his heart beat. His world had been torn apart. All his wicked plans and all the innocent lives he had taken were going to count for nothing.
Olivier was a shrewd politician. He understood what happened behind his back. His falling popularity might have ruled him out in eyes of the Council. The nobles would have also considered that Malcolm being a more subdued person than Olivier would be much easier to manipulate. Olivier knew that everyone must have agreed on Malcolm's name a night before and this voting was just a show in front of the people. 
Just as he had expected, the nobles stood one after another and voted for Malcolm. The commoners in the Council were clearly caught unaware. They hadn’t expected the new king to be elected during the trial and had no plans to counter this move. Besides that, they were still in minority and their votes wouldn't have made any difference. In front of thousands of people, who had gathered inside the arena to witness the trial, Malcolm was elected the king of Aden. 
Olivier saw the blank looks on people’s faces. They didn’t know whether this was good or bad. Or how should they react? But everything was done and dusted before they could realize the enormity of the verdict and this sudden development.
The trial was over and their King was banished. Out of nowhere, Malcolm Lewis had become Aden’s new King.
Olivier was a forlorn figure. He looked at Malcolm who stared back with a triumphant smile.  "You are too engrossed with yourself to look at the qualities of others. Someday this will come back to bite you. Someday, someone might trump you in your own game and then you will be left wondering." Malcolm's words, which he had said to him in Elisium, echoed in Olivier's mind.
The bitterest defeat is when someone trumps you in your own game. 
Malcolm, the unassuming disciple, had trumped his master. 
With one decisive blow, he had hijacked his plan and took over his dream.





Chapter Thirty-Three
A New King
Well collaborated lies have the power to overcome the erratic truth
Aden
5L 21/19/4/14
“King Julian should arrive soon and make that important announcement for which he has called this urgent Council meeting.”
HighMinister Benjamin addressed the Council. The Great Hall was abuzz with anticipation. Every member had reached there before time. They knew that King Julian was under tremendous pressure because of his decision to raise a large army to send to Tenebra, so this could be some big announcement related to that. Although Julian had the Council's approval, public sentiments were against him. His Royal-Decree that families must provide a male recruit to the army, didn't help his popularity either. Everyone held their breaths for the king to arrive at the Great hall.
After an hour of waiting, a palace guard came and whispered something into the ears of the HighMinister Benjamin. He quickly stood up from his chair. "We all have been called to the palace."
When they reached the palace, Queen Miriam, Crown prince Marcus and other members of the royal family were waiting for them in the reception hall. Queen Miriam was sobbing and princess Sarah was trying to console her.
Prince Marcus looked at the members of the Council. "Our beloved King Julian breathed his last yesternight. When Queen-Mother tried waking him up in the morning he didn't respond. His body is in his chambers. You all can pay your last respects there. Then we must prepare for his royal funeral."
A shock wave spread amongst the members of the Council. The sudden demise of the king, at this crucial juncture, was a huge blow. The expected turmoil of the turn of the loop was just a couple of years away, their enemy was probably looking to attack them, and some Adeners had started to raise their voices against the regime. This was probably the worst time for someone to ascend the throne. Marcus had a tough job on his hand.
But most people weren’t surprised by this tragic news. In the last few years, King Julian's health had severely deteriorated. He was suffering from insomnia, was delusional and it looked like something was haunting him from within.
The Council declared a weak of mourning. Arrangements were made for a massive funeral, but there were hardly any crowds. Even his final procession didn’t fill up the streets. Julian must have become the least popular king of Aden.
***
Queen Miriam was silently standing on the same balcony where Julian used to spend his sleepless nights. Marcus walked in to check on his mother.
"Remembering father?" 
Miriam wiped a tear that had trickled down on her cheek. "In the last couple of years, your father spent a lot of time standing here. He was deeply disturbed from within."
"Yes, everyone could see his health deteriorating."
"That is why, a couple of nights ago, standing right here, embracing him tightly in my arms, I decided to put him out of his misery."
Marcus’s mouth fell open. He thought he had misunderstood his mother, but Miriam burst out crying. "Yes, Marcus... I.. kill.. killed him," Miriam mumbled between her sobs. "After giving him.. his sleeping medications... I strangulated him.. with.. with.. the pillow. I .. killed the man... I .. loved .. more than .. my .. life... I .. can't.." Her whimpers drowned her words. 
Marcus felt his head spinning. He still thought this was some weird dream. But Miriam looked beyond grief. Marcus felt his mother might lose her senses if she didn’t get hold of herself. He filled a glass of water and offered it to her. 
Miriam drank the water and slumped in a chair. Marcus kneeled in front of her. "Why mother? We don't kill a sick person. We try and treat him."
"A sick organ must be amputated if it starts to threaten the whole body. It was no longer about him Marcus, it was about you and the future of our family. Your father was plagued with some bizarre visions. He just saw death and misery in his dreams. Do you know why he  had called that urgent meeting?”
Marcus shook his head.
“He wanted to cancel sending troops to Elisium. He was possessed with the idea that the heir of Solomon and that wretched amulet are in Elisium. To avoid war and bloodshed, your father wanted to strike a peace deal with that supposed heir. He was even ready to give up his throne if that could stop the war. He couldn't bear the burden of innocent lives on his soul. Your father had grown weak. He would have ruined the future of our family and this world. I had no option but to kill him with my own hands. I killed the person I loved the most and who loved me the most with these hands." She started smashing her hands on a table. "I will rot in hell."
Marcus held her tightly. "Mother, stop. You told this to me, but promise me you will never tell this to anyone else. We can't let people see cracks in the royal family. We must not let people lose confidence in us."
Miriam nodded through her sobs. There was a long silence as the mother and son were engrossed in their thoughts. Miriam broke the silence. "Your father was a nice honorable man. He never wanted to harm anyone. He was even against the Drownings but his mother forced him into it. He was a gentle soul, but you will have to be strong Marcus. I took a bold decision to kill your father, and in the future, you will have to make many tough calls. If you have to sacrifice someone, just like I sacrificed the person I loved the most, for the greater good, you must not hesitate.” 
Marcus looked at his mother. She was torn apart by grief, but her mind was still racing to safeguard the future of her children.
“The sparse crowd at your father's funeral showed us that people’s sentiments are against us. You must begin your reign by winning people’s trust. You must inspire confidence in them and show them that you are a strong man with an iron will. Your coronation ceremony is an opportunity to reach out to the people and tell them that they can trust you to lead them in these turbulent times.”
***
Marcus listened to his mother’s advice. He turned his coronation ceremony into a show of strength and labeled it the Celebration of Unity. He sent formal invitations to every part of Aden and compelled every settlement to send its representatives to this ceremony. The deck of Nineteen Martyrs was turned into a large stage and the riverfront was lavishly decorated for these festivities. 
Marcus also took care of other secret arrangements. A show had to be put on that day and Marcus didn't want anyone to drift away from his script. Everything must exactly go as per the plan as now there was no room for an error.
On the day of the coronation, thousands of people had gathered at the riverfront. Marcus knew that most of the people who were there, haven't come by choice. They came there because they didn't have a choice.
On his part, Marcus had gone out of his way to take care of the guests. From luxurious accommodations to sumptuous feasts to an array of entertainment, he donned the robes of the most hospitable host and arranged for everything to please his guests. The festivities continued for several days and Marcus projected himself as a king who looked after his subjects.
His coronation ceremony began with the usual prayers. Marcus took the oath after the prayers finished. He was sworn in by the HighPriest of Aden. Once the formalities were done and dusted, Marcus took to his real agenda 
As per his well-designed script, Commander Michael first came to the stage and read the message which was sent by Christopher during the last Crossing. He made it sound like warning bells and a desperate cry for help, just like the way he had done it in front of the Council four years ago. 
After Michael's credible performance, many other officers came to the stage and recounted some fabricated stories about the winds of change in Tenebra. An extensively thought out and meticulously designed picture of Elisium was painted for Adeners. Marcus had left nothing to chance. Every speech was explicitly written and every performance was well-rehearsed. Through a series of half-facts mixed with assumptions, fantasies, and some outright lies, Marcus tried to change people's perception of that world. Rather than the people who were being exploited, he portrayed the masses of Elisium as bandits who could wreak havoc if not kept under their check. He wanted Adeners to believe that the only way to control these outlaws was to trample them under their feet.
Marcus silently observed the crowd. There were more than a few concerned faces there. Well collaborated lies have the power to overcome the erratic truth. The fear of the unknown was slowly seeping into the hearts of the people. He had created a frightening atmosphere through this long horror show and now was the time to go for the kill.
The new king stood up from his chair and took the mike for his first public address.
"My brothers and sisters, the honorable citizens of this beautiful world. We have gathered here to celebrate the beginning of a new era but before that, we must mourn the untimely demise of our beloved King Julian who carried us on the path of prosperity for more than two cycles. He left a big void that will be hard to fill. 
‘But today we must also decide our future. My father passed a resolution to build an army to defend our world from those who want to disrupt our peace and prosperity. He had listened to all these testimonies four years ago, and that is what prompted him to take that decision. He never revealed these serious threats to the common people of Aden, because he didn't want you all to panic. He had sleepless nights, thinking about your future, but he wanted you all to sleep in peace. In the end, his worries consumed him, and one day he just never woke up.
‘Many of you wanted him to call back our troops. All of you were angry with him when he asked you to send your sons to the army. But he endured your hatred and kept working for your better future.
‘Today when he is no more, I have revealed the truth because I feel the time has come. In the coming days, at the turn of the loop, we may be facing war and we can’t win this war if we remain divided. This Celebration of Unity is to bring our hearts together. We can’t win this war if our soldiers don't know the reality and don't believe in this cause with the core of their hearts. We can’t win if all Adeners don't support us. We can't win if their prayers are not with us.
‘We have all heard about the amulet of Transition and its powers. Some think of it as a myth, but that amulet is real.” Marcus paused for a moment to let it sink. "Our spy to Tenebra saw that amulet and witnessed its powers. You just heard the story about how he was murdered at the gateway. But before getting killed he was able to pass on some notes, which gave us details about the enemy troops, their weapons, and the amulet." 
This was a blatant lie, but Marcus needed some lies to heighten the fright. "The amulet is real. The enemy army is real. The threat to our world is real and we have no choice but to defend ourselves. We have all heard about the Transition but many of us chose to take it as a legend and thought we will never face it. Now since we know that this amulet exists, then we must believe in the Transition as well. 
‘The Transitions might have been gradual in the earlier loops, but this time around there is no chance for it. This Transition will surely lead to a violent conflict because the only way those people can come on top is by destroying us. And they so badly want to do that. They want to use the powers of that amulet to try and annihilate us. They want to ruin our world and rule over us. Yes, our forefathers started this madness, but now we have no choice but to end this. Because if we let our enemies end this their way, our world will be doomed. 
‘We cannot let this Transition happen. They have the powers of the amulet, but we have a large army, lethal weapons, and advanced technology. We can hope to nullify the impact of the amulet if we properly utilize our resources. If there is a war then we must win it, because losing is not an option.
‘Today we stand at the crossroads of our destiny and we must make a choice. I, King Marcus the Mighty give you Adeners the right to make this choice. If you decide that we must stop sending troops to that world, I will immediately pass an order to disband the army and will call back our existing troops from Tenebra. If this world turns into a battlefield, then let it be. If rivers of blood flow here, then it is your choice. If your children end up becoming slaves, then no one else is to be blamed.
‘But if you choose that we must defend our world, then you must help me in building this army and back me up with your hearts and your souls. I cannot fight this battle without your support and prayers. The decision is completely yours. You have to decide, not just for yourself, but for your generation to come."
There was a ghostly silence in the crowd as Marcus returned to his seat. He had surprised himself by his splendid performance. His script had played out very well. The testimonies of the officers earlier had sowed seeds of fear and he had watered that tree. Now it was time to reap the fruits. Fear, after all, is the biggest motivator.
A person from the crowd stood up and shouted, "We must defend our world. We must fight for our children. You are not alone. We are with you, King Marcus."
"We are with you, King Marcus." Another one cried.
Marcus had left nothing to chance. His own men in the crowds started the chants and it had a rippling effect.
Soon chants of ‘We are with you King Marcus’ echoed around the riverfront.
Julian had made the mistake of not reaching out to the public, but Marcus rectified that mistake. Through an amalgam of fiction and lies, he had swayed public sentiments in his favor. It looked as if the whole of Aden stood behind him.
Marcus smiled to himself. If everything went to his plan, this new King might end up becoming the first real King of the Two Worlds.






Chapter Thirty-Four
An Unexpected Visitor
A wretched life filled with remorse is the true meaning of hell 
Aden
5L 15/15/2/10
"You have a visitor, Your Highness". 
A guard walked near Samuel’s small prison cell and announced in a loud voice. Samuel came out of his thoughts where he was pondering over the journey of his life. From the lavish balcony of the Grand Palace that had magnificent views of Aurae to this dungeon with no sunlight, his lifestyle had leaped off a cliff. Nobles had ordered the prison authorities to make his life a living hell, but the guards there still adored their former king. They took good care of the person who had done so much for their world.
Samuel chuckled. "Holy Angels, you must stop calling me that, boy. If King Malcolm hears that he will have your tongue pulled out."
"Minister Olivier is here to see you." 
Samuel got up from his cot and received his childhood friend with a beaming smile. Olivier looked pale and a bunch of grey hairs showed that he had aged many years in the last few days. He seemed taken aback by Samuel’s warm welcome. Clearly, he hadn’t anticipated that.
"Who am I meeting today, the HighMinister of Aden or an old friend?" 
Olivier’s face, a portrait of pain and despair, reflected his inner turmoil. "I am no longer the HighMinister. In fact, I am no longer in the Council. A person with a tainted reputation wasn't deemed fit for it. The same Council members, who had pledged to make me the king, threatened to banish me if I didn’t give up my post."
"Oh my God! It looks like Malcolm is trying to clean up the Council. Remove all people who pose a threat to his position."
"He turned out to be much sharper than I thought. When I was facing the heat during the trial, he discreetly played his own game. One by one he turned all of my accomplices on his side and asked them to promote his name as the contender for the throne. He offered them much better deals than I did. Those fools thought that Malcolm, being the innocuous and simple guy he pretends to be, will be their puppet and do their bidding for the rest of his life. Some even called him the Accidental King. He skillfully manipulated the Council by remaining in the shadows, but the moment he sat on the throne, he started to show his true colors."
"An accidental King!" Samuel giggled. "You thought you were using him, but it was the other way around. He quietly turned the tables on you and outplayed you in your own game."
"Yes, right at the time when I was in a dire need of his support, the rascal stabbed me in the back and threw me to the wolves."
"I think I perfectly know that feeling. Sounds very familiar to me."
Olivier's eyes welled up. When he spoke words barely came out of his mouth. "I don't know what got into me. I was the fourth son of a palace guard, a boy whom nobles wouldn't even allow getting near them, but you embraced me as a friend. You treated me like your brother. You didn't just include me in the Council but, against the wishes of everyone, made me the HighMinister. And I repaid your love by betraying you." 
Olivier fell at Samuel’s feet. He was sobbing. "I don't know how I sunk to such depths. I killed Andrews, William, and countless others. I turned into a blood-thirsty demon. I caused a war that killed thousands and consumed a world.  All this for a throne which I didn't get in the end.  As the HighMinister I was anyhow ruling this world, but the greed to be called the King, that title, that crown is what brought my downfall. I deserve every bit of what has happened to me. I deserve much worst. I should be taken to the town square and lashed every day. I must be tortured to death. Whatever is done to me, I will never be able to repent enough for my sins."
Samuel placed a comforting hand on his friend's shoulder. "Greed does turn men into beasts. What happened has happened and you can't change that."
"Just tell me one thing. How did you manage to receive me with a smile? If you would have done to me what I did to you, I would have pounced on you the moment I saw you and beaten you to death. Tore you apart."
"In the last few years, I had prepared myself for far worst scenarios than these. There was no shock for me when things turned out the way they did. When I came to know about your betrayal I too wanted to kill you, but by God’s grace, I gradually realized I don’t have time to waste thinking about revenge. I had so much work to do. I tried to use this time to make up for my mistakes. And now, the only feeling I have for you is pity. After all your crimes, you got nothing and that is the biggest punishment for you. I know that you are burning from within and a wretched life filled with remorse is the true meaning of hell."
Olivier hung his head. There was an awkward silence before he spoke. "You utilized these seven years very well. Every commoner wants you back on the throne, but they can’t go against the regime. Their hearts and souls are with you, even if their swords are against you."
Samuel gave a placid smile. "Their hearts and souls won't help me a lot in my current situation." 
"Yes, but your reforms linger in their memories. Many commoners are looking for your son to crown him the King. On the other hand, Malcolm is looking for him as well, for all the wrong reasons. You did well to hide your family or else they would all have met the same fate as you."
"And how would have they justified banishing my family without any crime?".
"As per a new law, treason is an offense that attracts the biggest punishment. Banishment. If someone speaks against the king or the regime it is called treason and is very easy to prove in a trial. All that regime needs is a couple of planted witnesses to testify against the accused. Malcolm understands that public sentiments are with you. Your family and that amulet possess a serious threat to him. So he will leave no stone unturned to weed out his only competition. He has already sent out spies to track down your family and I just hope that they stay away from his clutches."
Samuel leaned back and closed his eyes. He had to make a decision but wasn't convinced about his choice. In the end, he took Olivier's hand in his and looked into his eyes. He saw remorse. Pain. And that natural connection. Had his best friend returned? "Can I trust you with one last task?"
"I know I am not worthy of your trust anymore, but believe me I am ready to give my life for you if that could do any good."
"Seeing the current situation, I think my family should be warned. That amulet, and its true heir, must be protected from falling into wrong hands."
"Tell, me how can I help you?" Olivier asked.
"I have scattered my family in different parts of this world and don’t know about their whereabouts. However, I know exactly where my only son Evan and the amulet is. By God, he is just a child Olivier. You know that I had him after having four daughters and almost losing all hopes of getting a male heir. He came as a miracle in my life and now he needs a miracle to stay alive. A mastermind like you could help him survive these treacherous times. Evan was too small to understand the importance of the amulet when I sent him away. But now you can educate him about its powers, and why it needs to be passed down the generations till the end of the loop. Tell me can I trust you with this?"
Olivier stood from his chair and raised his right hand. "I swear by the Creator of these worlds and the Lords of Nature, I swear on my life and lives of my children that I will protect your son and your family till my last breath."
Samuel hugged his friend and told him Evan’s location.
Samuel had taken a huge gamble. He had entrusted the very person, who until a few weeks ago could have gone to any depths to lay his hands on Evan, to protect him. But somewhere in this wrecked Olivier, he saw his honest and reliable friend of the past. Samuel had to take this chance because he knew that Evan wouldn’t survive this massive manhunt without an expert to guide him. And Olivier was his best bet. He asked the hunter to become a protector.
***
Olivier walked purposefully towards the Grand Palace. Malcolm was waiting for him. Olivier stood in front of the new king and gave him the information he was eagerly waiting for.
Malcolm’s eyes lit up. "Well done Olivier. Even after all that has happened to you, you haven't lost your touch. So finally, you have decided to put aside your resentment and come to my side."
"I don't have much of a choice. Do I?"
"This is the right choice. With the Council brimming with stupid nobles and filthy commoners I can certainly make use of a sharp elite brain like yours."
"So is your offer still valid?"
"Yes. I always keep my promises. In exchange for this priceless information, I will order the court to clear you of all the charges. Within a month you will be reinstated to the Council."
Olivier bowed his head. "It is a pleasure working with you my King," Olivier said with a quiet smile. Although the plan had a few rough edges, it had worked out just fine for them.
***
Aden
5L 15/21/21/19
Olivier came to meet Samuel for one last time a couple of days before the Crossing.
"Holy Angels, you are aging very fast. Every time you come to visit me, you seem to have aged a couple of years". Samuel took a dig at his old friend.
"Okay, I know I don't visit you as often as I should, but I have eyes on me. If Malcolm knows about me coming here that will be game over for both of us and I will be joining you at the Banishment party. And all these greying hairs are because of living a dual life. Trying to keep your son safe, while pretending to lead a manhunt to track him down is no easy job.” 
"You have to admit that my idea to put up a false trail on Evan to gain Malcolm’s trust was a genius move. That got you back on the Council and kept Malcolm looking in a completely different direction."
"But I had to catch a couple of your cousins to make the trail look genuine. They might be joining you in the banishment. Your idea worked in the beginning, but Malcolm is a shrewd man, and now it is a completely different story. He doubts me. I think this cat and mouse game is going to go on forever." Olivier paused for a moment. When he spoke his voice cracked due to the lump in this throat. "I think this is going to be our last meeting."
Samuel's expression didn’t change. He looked as calm as ever "Yes, I know that. I don't have too much time left in this world."
Olivier got up from his chair and hugged his friend. Tears streamed down his cheeks. "I know I don't deserve it, but please try and forgive me for whatever I did. It breaks my heart to see you in this cell and your family hiding away like fugitives. This all happened because of me, my greed. Please Samuel, please forgive your old friend."
"I have told you before, I hold no grudge against you. And I am thankful to you for all the things you are doing for Evan."
Olivier wiped away his tears. "That reminds me of something. I have a farewell gift for you." Olivier took out a tiny gold chain from his pocket and gave it to Samuel.
Samuel recognized the chain and the tiny locket. Samuel himself had ordered that chain to be made for Evan for his naming ceremony.
"The amulet has his next heir. Evan was blessed with a baby boy last month. He has named him Samuel. That chain was worn by Samuel the second during his naming ceremony. Evan has sent it to you as a memento."
Samuel kissed the chain. His eyes became moist with tears of joy and grief. Although he might never see his grandson, he was happy that his family was safe. The amulet and its bearer were safe.
On the first day of the new cycle, Samuel, Desmond, Henry, and a few other Solomons were thrown into the whirlpool. They were the first people to be Banished from Aden. At the other end, Aden’s soldiers took them deep into the unending forest and abandoned them to die. None of them made out of that forest alive. Nothing was ever heard of them again. Samuel the Brave met an inconspicuous end.
Malcolm kept hunting down Samuel's family, but Olivier kept protecting them. Malcolm's successors continued the manhunt and Olivier’s descendants carried on his redemption. The regime captured and banished Solomon's descendants but somehow the true heirs and the amulet survived.
Destiny then played its part. It brought the true heir and the Amulet to Elisium, the world where they had to start the Transition. Moses met an untimely end but the amulet found a new Transitioner. And this time, the Amulet and the Transitioner merged into each other to truly become one. Their powers reached heights like never before and both the worlds shook in anticipation.
The time to unleash those powers was close.
The amulet, and the heiress of Solomon, were now ready to strike.
The Dance of the two worlds was about to reach its climax.








Part Two
Love is a strength and not a weakness. Love is a miracle that can perform miracles
Chapter Thirty-Five
A Twist in the Tale
An ally to a tyrant, whether he likes it or not, becomes a tyrant himself
Elisium
5L 21/19/5/20
"I just can't understand why it is so difficult for people to understand a simple thing? How many times I have to repeat to you that you must stay out of harm's way till your time comes?"
Adam, as everyone had already expected, was furious.
"Jennifer is following all your instructions. What more do you want me to do?"
"Just tell me, when did I instruct you to walk right into enemy's territory with just ten soldiers to protect you?"
"That was supposed to be a safe trip. Our men have been mining Star-Rocks from those fields for the last couple of cycles without any incident. How the hell enemies got tipped off about our movement on that particular day is anyone's guess. It could just be sheer bad luck. And for your information, Jennifer can’t see the future. I had no way of knowing what was about to happen there."
"That is the exact reason I want you to stay away from trouble. You must not hop onto anything filled with uncertainties. That was a narrow escape."
Noah, as usual, cut off a rampaging Adam. "I think we should applaud the girl for the courage and skills she showed that day. She single-handedly took out a whole enemy company."
Jennifer gave a sheepish smile. "Grandpa Solomon's sandstorm tactic was a great help.".
Noah put out his chest. "Ask Solomon who taught him that trick." 
It was hard to please David but he was also impressed. "That air shield you conjured was some sharp thinking on the feet. I thought your boyfriend was gone for all money before you suddenly came up with that shield."
Jennifer’s cheeks turned a shade of pink. "He is not Jennifer’s boyfriend." She quickly fired a question to divert everyone from that topic. "By the looks of it, you all seem to know everything about the fight. Were you all present there when this fight was happening?"
Adam narrowed his eyes. "I don’t believe that you are still asking us this question? How can you forget we reside inside your brain and are attached to your soul. We see through your eyes and listen through your ears."
"And also get a taste of your food." Noah crinkled his nose. "And the food in the Refuge is horrible."
Everyone stared at Noah. "That was a joke. Just spare me those glares."
Abraham also boarded the praise wagon. "We all have to admit that Jennifer excelled under pressure. Training is a completely different thing, but to be able to execute her skills under such circumstances is truly commendable. In hindsight, I think we all should be happy that this incident happened because it gave us a good idea about Jennifer's capabilities."
Adam brought that wagon to a screeching halt. "We shouldn't get carried away. She did well, but if she has to win this war she will have to further develop her skills, as she might be facing thousands of enemies"
"You can never please our grandpa, no matter what you do." Noah was at his annoying best.
Adam just ignored him "Jennifer, I am telling you this because there is an interesting twist in the tale. Your enemy number one, whom you were getting ready to fight, has suddenly been replaced."
"Replaced means?" David asked.
"Julian is no more," Adam replied. "His son Marcus is the new king. So now there is a new enemy who I think is more ruthless than his predecessor."
Noah put his hand over his mouth. "Oh my God! Poor Julian. I was looking forward to taking him on. How did he die?"
"Just spare us your abysmal overacting. As per the official statement, he died in his sleep due to heart failure. But in reality, he was murdered by his wife."
"What!!" Everyone exclaimed in unison.
"But why would she do that?" Jennifer asked.
Adam looked down and averted eye contact. "Because he was about to do something which she didn't want him to do. I messed up Julian’s brain by showing him some visions of the previous wars, rivers of blood, you becoming the savior and he was wrecked from within. I knew he was a man of conscience and at last, his conscience took over. He was about to reverse his decision of sending a large army to Elisium, but at the last moment, his wife intervened. I never thought she was capable of taking such a bold step. Her one move completely changed the dynamics of this game."
Noah got a golden opportunity to have a go at Adam. "I thought you just messed up with our minds, but now you are walking freely in other people's brains wreaking havoc. Poor Julian, I can imagine what a ruckus you would have created in his head. The old chap lost his wits and got killed because of you."
"I never thought this would take such an ugly turn. I was trying to solve this conflict without a bloody war, but I might have made things even worse."
Jennifer raised an eyebrow. "Worse? How?"
"If there would have been too much loss of life during the war, Julian would have backed off. His conscience wouldn't have allowed him to go on and sooner or later, he would have sued for peace. But Marcus doesn't have any such inhibitions. I forayed into his mind and showed him the visions that I had shown his father, but he was barely affected by it. He didn't lose any sleep over them. I am sure that he is ready to go to any lengths, to bring both these worlds under his full control. He won't budge, no matter what happens."
"So basically, your silly little adventure in Julian's mind backfired spectacularly." Noah took another jibe.
"Yes." Adam nodded.
"Julian or Marcus, what difference does it make? We have to go to war in both scenarios."
"The difference is in their approach. Julian was reluctant to go to war, Marcus is looking forward to it. Secondly, most of the Adeners were against Julian and his decision to send troops to Elisium. Their sympathies were with Elisians. But through some hideous lies and canny manipulation, Marcus has turned the tide. Now he is not a king trying to save his throne, but a Savior, who is trying to defend his world from the wretched heir of Solomon and the powers of the cursed amulet. I was there when people were chanting his name at the riverfront. This may no more be just a fight between the heirs of Samuel and Malcolm, but this could now very well turn into a full-fledged war between the two worlds. I am afraid the two sisters might end their dance with an ugly fight."
"So, to restore the rights of the people of Elisium, we might  have to wade through rivers of blood in Aden." Jennifer’s voice was a little shaky when she spoke. "That day, when Jennifer cold-bloodedly shot those soldiers who were just following orders, Jennifer was thinking what was the difference between me and Julian. We both are the same. We both are killing innocent people to achieve our goals."
Abraham, the most learned amongst the Transitioners, sensed her dilemma. "My dear, your answer lies in your question itself. The difference lies in the goal. The motive. Your mission is to free and liberate people, whereas Julian's, and now Marcus's goal is to enslave and subjugate them."
"And how does Jennifer justify killing all those soldiers, who neither want to subjugate nor liberate people. They are just doing what they are told."
"An ally to a tyrant, whether he likes it or not, becomes a tyrant himself. That day, when you were cornered, didn't all those soldiers fire at you? Weren't they prepared to kill all of you, without even seeing your faces? The day they signed up for this army they became accomplices in these crimes. If their masters will order them, they will not hesitate in killing all the men, women, and even the innocent children of Elisium. If your conscience is stopping you from fighting these looters, then it is heavily misplaced. Don't let such emotions cloud your decisions."
Jennifer just slumped in her chair. She couldn’t digest the fact that to safeguard the interests of her people, she will have to get her hands dirty.
Noah decided to lighten the mood. "Enough of these serious talks. Let us chat about something interesting. What do you all think about that young man, who tried to give up his life to save the Savior? He is head over heels for Jennifer."
Jennifer's cheeks instantly changed their color. "Jennifer doesn’t feel anything for him." 
Noah gave a mischievous smile. "Don't try and fool us. Don't forget we live inside your head. All the tingling sensations you feel, while you are near him, are felt by us as well." Everyone glared at Noah once again. "Well, they are felt by me at least. All the others are too old to feel emotions of a young heart."
Abraham walked over to Jennifer. "Love is a strength and not a weakness. In situations where everything seems lost, when there is no desire to go on, love, and only love, will push you forward. Don't turn your back on true love."
"Will he still love me when he will come to know that Jennifer won't be able to bear him any children? Will he love me after seeing this?" Jennifer showed Abraham the wrinkles at the back of her hand.
"I have already noticed those dark circles forming under your eyes and a couple of greying hairs. It is a reminder for you to use your powers wisely. But, my child, true love ascends all these physical barriers. You are a beautiful girl, with an even more beautiful soul. James won’t be bothered by a few physical imperfections if he truly loves you. Don't just give up on him without giving him a chance."
Adam kissed Jennifer on the forehead. "Remember my child, when there is hope when there is a will, a miracle is always around the corner. And love is a miracle that can perform miracles."
Everyone raised their right hand to bless Jennifer and vanished from her sight.
Jennifer woke up with a sense of heavenly peace enveloping her heart. A pleasant breeze brought in the delightful scent of wet earth mixed with the fragrance of roses on her balcony. A soft drizzle cheered her up. 
Love was in the air. And love was blossoming in her heart.





Chapter Thirty-Six
A Desperate Plan
Some "Ifs" bring some stories to a tragic end.
Elisium
5L 21/19/5/12
"Were these trucks toppled in the same way as the trucks in that ambush four years ago?"
HighCommander Christopher asked looking at the toppled vehicles.
"Yes sir," Commander Simon replied. "If anything it was worse than that, but thankfully this time they didn't break open the door to shoot. Our soldiers inside the truck were injured but survived the attack. No one knows what hit them but everyone is sure that the enemies were on foot and they did not have any machines to topple these vehicles."
"Then how did they topple the trucks?"
"No idea sir. The trucks flew then bounced and flipped multiple times before coming to a halt. The soldiers felt as if they were inside a giant football that had been kicked by a monster."
Christopher's family had vowed to protect the legend. He knew what made these trucks fly. "If they had the guts to enter our security perimeter and take a stroll in these fields, then we should be wary of them. Tell me how did we come to know about their presence?"
"Someone amongst them must have accidentally triggered our security alarm."
Christopher shook his head. "But it did us no good. They escaped and we lost around a hundred men."
"Yes, we lost a few men but due to this incident, we came to know that they have secret access inside our security perimeter. That could have been a vital blow to our defenses if it came down to a war. But by following their trail, we were able to locate that hidden entrance."
"What! You mean to say, you have been able to find out how they entered our perimeter?"
Simon's chest puffed up. "Yes sir, let me take you there."
Simon guided Christopher through the bushes towards the entrance of the tunnel. Two hundred soldiers were guarding it. "In their rush to escape they left behind a trail that led us to this tunnel."
"Did you send men down the tunnel?"
"Yes sir. And this is not a single tunnel but a series of interconnected tunnels. Its two other exits open inside the Ruins, but its farthest exit opens on the riverbank outside our security perimeter. They might have used that opening to trespass into our territory."
"What was there on the other side?"
"Just like we are protecting the exits on our side, they are now heavily guarding that entrance on the riverbank. The moment our men exited the tunnel, enemies showered them with Star-Rock pellets."
Christopher paced back and forth inside the tunnel. "Rather than guarding the exits, we must seal the tunnel. Get your men to work and seal the tunnel midway, so that they can't access any of the three exits that open inside our security perimeter."
"Okay, sir."
"I had always been intrigued that from where were they getting the Star-Rocks to use in their ammunition? I have my answer now. And with this tunnel gone, their weapons manufacturing will be severely crippled."
"Yes sir, this will be a big blow for them."
Christopher returned to the farms and looked around. "I don't think they were out here for a stroll. They must have been planning something big but were caught wrong-footed. Still, they managed quite a mayhem. They came so close to our headquarters and we can't rule out the possibility that they were planning an attack on the Ruins. Keep all our forces on high alert and recruit extra troops to guard these exits until the tunnel is completely sealed."
Simon quietly nodded.
"Any news of Commander Darren? Are you sure he isn't amongst the dead?"
"No sir, I think they have taken him as a prisoner."
Christopher sighed. "He would have been better off dead than being alive in their hands."
Christopher climbed onto his truck. "I want these fields patrolled day and night, even after the tunnels are sealed. I don't want a single pebble of Star-Rock getting stolen from under our noses. Also, increase the security of the Ruins. If there are more such unknown tunnels, we are at more risk from being attacked from inside than from outside."
"Okay Sir, I will immediately get to work." Simon saluted his HighCommander as his vehicle sped away towards the Ruins
***
"As expected, they have found the tunnel," David announced while entering the conference room in their headquarters. "Some of their men emerged on our side and we shot down a couple of them. But the main point is that we can't use this tunnel anymore. There will be no more supply of Star-Rocks."
Jacob rubbed his temple. "Well, even if they wouldn't have found the tunnel, it would have been a suicide going back to those fields. Hundreds of their soldiers must be patrolling them now."
George's mind was stuck on another problem. "The turn of the loop is two and a half years away. Our people have grown used to the comforts of electricity and we can't completely cut it off. And our current stocks of Star-Rocks won't last too long."
"And we need more and more Star-Rocks for ammunition. We have to find some way to restart that supply." David was more concerned about his army.
"My son, those fields are out of our reach and I suppose you don't want to attack the Ruins right now. As far as I know, there is no other place in this world where we can find these rocks."
"There is one more place, where there is a huge supply of Star-Rocks." Nathan had a spark in his eyes. "Their storage facility near the bridge of Faith. Throughout the mini-cycle, they transfer the Star-Rock from the Ruins and store it there, so that they can push it into the whirlpool during the Crossing. We can attack that facility and siphon off those Star-Rock stocks. If we can pull this off, we will never have to worry about the Star-Rocks."
"Brother, should I remind you that this facility lies on the other side of the wall. I suppose they are not going to open their gates and welcome us."
"With our latest adventure, we have diverted their full attention towards those fields and the tunnels. And since we forayed deep into their territory, they must be fearing an attack on the Ruins and would have assigned a chunk of their troops for defending it. This means there will be hardly any security at other places. So this is the right time to strike a target that they least expect us to attack."
"Yes, but you still didn't tell me how will we reach the storage facility without triggering all their alarms?"
"I think I have a plan for that," Nathan said with a confident smile. He went to the cupboards and brought some of Matthews's old maps. He opened a map and started explaining his plan.
Although it wasn't a watertight plan, it was a solid one. It did leave quite a few things to chance, but to win this war, they had to take their chances. There was a night-long discussion, heavy brainstorming, and some fine-tuning, but in the end, everyone agreed that they must give it a go.
If all went well, this attack might shake up Aden's army to its core.
But there was a big "If" to this and some "Ifs" bring some stories to tragic ends.
***
5L 21/19/5/21
Nathan and his men came out of the first tunnel and stealthily moved into the shadows. The entry point of the second tunnel was about a mile from there, and they had to reach it without getting detected.
He hoped that everything goes according to the plan. Since their main tunnel was now blocked, Nathan had decided to make use of the only other tunnel that had an exit outside the enemy's security perimeter. However, the problem with this tunnel was that none of its exits opened anywhere near the storehouse on the riverbank.
After closely examining the maps, Nathan discovered that a few other tunnels had exits around the bridge of faith. After all, the main purpose of these tunnels was to enable David's heir to reach the whirlpool and leap. But to access one of these tunnels, they had to come out of the first tunnel, walk for a mile in open enemy territory, and then enter the second tunnel through a sub-exit. To Nathan's relief the scouts he sent out to check this route confirmed that this whole area was covered in thick bushes and there was little chance of them getting caught, especially during nighttime.
After finalizing the route, Nathan had to devise a plan to ensure that the soldiers at the storage facility shouldn't be able to call the headquarters for help. One thing that worked in their favor was that this facility, just being a storehouse, didn't have too much of a defense mechanism. It wasn't even connected to their direct radio network. Only a dozen soldiers guarded this facility at a given time.
However, the main problem for Nathan was the IWS or the Incursion Warning System. IWS was an automated alarm system, which was installed in all the military structures and the security fences. If someone triggered that alarm, heavy reinforcements would arrive at that spot within minutes. IWS almost got them killed, they can't risk it again. They had to somehow find a way to disable it.
Roger gave Nathan a heads up on IWS, but it was Darren who, during an interrogation, revealed its biggest flaw. IWS was connected through the power grid and its distress signal passed through the power lines. If there was a power failure in a certain area, it would get disconnected from the IWS as well. If they can somehow take out the power supply of the storage facility, there would be no other way for the guards to alert the headquarters.
Everyone was surprised when they heard about this outdated defense system. But there was some logic behind this complacency. Since the time Aden's army made their base in Elisium, there hadn't been a single attack on their secured premises. This lack of hostility had prompted them not to upgrade their technology or fortify their defenses.
To successfully carry out this attack Nathan had to anyhow interrupt the power supply. If the transmission tower that provided the power to the storage facility was destroyed, it will be blacked out. But how to strike down a transmission tower? Nathan knew the answer but the moment he proposed it in the meeting he got some furious responses.
"Well, have you forgotten that she just had a narrow escape? How can you even think of taking her back to the front line?" Jacob was the first to shoot down the idea.
"This is the monsoon season. There are thunderstorms every other night. All she needs to do is to direct some lightning bolts at the transmission tower. She doesn't even have to come inside the facility once the tower falls. She can just return to the tunnel."
"My friend, she still has to go inside the enemy territory for doing that. We cannot risk that again." George came out in Jacob's support. The arguments went on and on until one person gave out the final verdict.
"Jennifer will do it. I will take out the tower and rush back to the tunnel as soon as my job is done. No attempts at heroism there, okay?" Jennifer added before her father could start protesting.
That was a week ago and now they were walking into the open enemy territory. They reached the second tunnel without any incident. After walking for more than an hour inside the tunnel they emerged at the other end. This exit opened in the bushes southeast of the storehouse. The bridge of faith lied to the northwest of this facility. The transmission tower, that they wanted to target, was about a hundred meters south of the exit. George's men silently poured out of the exit and gradually spread out to surround the facility from all sides.
Nathan looked towards the heavens. The rain was pelting down and lightning was lighting up the sky. The angels of fortunes were on their side. These thunderstorms were not only providing them great cover but were also making Jennifer's job much easier. She didn't have to create a storm. All she needed was just to divert a sustained lightning strike at the transmission tower.
Nathan watched Jennifer quietly sneak towards her target. She glanced towards the sky and a bright pink glow began to emanate from her forehead. The next moment, a lightning bolt struck the transmission tower. The tower had its protection mechanism to shield it against lightning, but that mechanism was never built to overcome the force of a sustained lightning strike generated by Jennifer. Within a few seconds, the tower caved in and the storage facility, and all its surroundings, were engulfed in complete darkness.
George's men were just waiting for that signal. The moment the lights went off, they attacked the facility from all directions. Soldiers standing on the watchtowers were sniped out with Star-Rock pellets. Around thirty men dashed towards the front gate of the facility. Guards protecting the gate were shot down. Everything was going smoothly till they hit their first obstacle.
Before they could breach the main gate, a company of hundred soldiers took position inside the gate. Hiding behind solid concrete barricades, they started firing at David's army. George's men were caught wrong-footed. Many of them were shot down before they could react.
They heard an officer shouting. "Radio the headquarters that we are under attack. Ask them to immediately send a large reinforcement."
During these scenes of confusion, a certain clarity dawned on Nathan. He now understood that Christopher had outsmarted him and George in this battle of wits. Christopher must have calculated that once he had cut off their access to the Star-Rock farms, they will try to steal it from some other place. He might have predicted that this storage facility would be their ideal target. As a result, he deployed heavy security inside the storehouse and even connected it with their radio network. Nathan was certain that Christopher must have also kept a large reinforcement unit on standby to respond to any distress signal in a matter of minutes.
Christopher had laid down a trap and was waiting for his prey. Nathan and his men had walked right into the trap.
Nathan's hands and feet grew cold as he saw enemy troops firing incessantly at his men. Nathan tried to formulate his next plan of action. He knew that if all his men retreated at once, the location of their secret tunnel would be revealed and they would be hunted inside the tunnel. His men were trapped and there was no escape, but he had to somehow salvage this situation.
He looked in Jennifer's direction. Whatever happens here, he had to keep her safe.
And now that was going to be his only mission.





Chapter Thirty-Seven
The Line of Lightning
The moments of glory don't come to you, but you have to seize those moments
Elisium
5L 21/19/5/21
"Sir, we have received a message from the storage facility. They are under attack."
The officer didn’t even wait for HighCommander Christopher to properly open his eyes.
Christopher wasn’t sure whether he should be happy that his guess was spot on, or worried about where this might lead to. But once again it was proved that he was a naturally gifted war tactician. Almost all his strategies turned out to be masterstrokes. Here too, Elisians fell into his trap. Now he must teach them a solid lesson to deter them from any future adventures. Although it was against his vow, it was the best he could do for the two worlds. 
"Ring the emergency sirens and get troops ready to move."
"Already done sir. We should be ready to move in ten minutes."
"Good job. Who is In-charge of tonight's reinforcement troops?"
"Deputy HighCommander Alfred has decided to take the charge himself."
"Okay. Tell him I will be joining him on this mission as well. Let us check out what these rebels are up to."
Christopher was happy that Alfred was taking charge of this mission. Alfred was one of the most efficient Commanders of Aden’s army and despite being just in his second cycle, he had quickly risen through the ranks. He was singled out to become the next HighCommander of Tenebra base.
Christopher hurriedly put on his army uniform and rushed towards their headquarters. Alfred was shouting instructions to his lieutenants. The Army convoy was ready and soldiers were climbing onto their respective vehicles.
"We will be ready to move in a few minutes. I have ordered all the other lieutenants to ready their troops as well. Just in case we require any more backup." 
Christopher nodded. "Just remind our soldiers one more time, that they must shoot to kill. There have been far too many attacks for our liking and this time we must show them our true strength." Christopher hated bloodshed, but he wanted to send out a strong message to his adversaries to stop this war. Killing off armed rebels was much better than taking the war to the civilians.

"I've already told them that," Alfred replied. "This time we'll strike them so hard, that they will never think of entering our premises again, even in their wildest dreams."
***
Jennifer was dashing towards the front gate of the storage facility when Nathan lunged at her and pinned her to the ground. "What the hell are you trying to do?"
"We need to breach that gate quickly. Then only we will be able to get what we have come here for."
Nathan firmly held onto her. "I know that, but you are not getting involved here. You promised to stay away from the frontline and return to the tunnel as soon as you have done your job."
"You know you can't breach that gate without my help. This mission will fail if Jennifer does nothing.
"Hundreds of soldiers are firing incessantly at us from behind those concrete barricades and the watchtowers. The enemies were prepared for this attack and huge reinforcements will be arriving here any time soon. This mission has already failed. Our men are trapped and the best we can do is to get you safely out of here."
"What kind of a leader Jennifer would be if she flees and let her men die? No one will ever believe in Jennifer if she lets that happen."
"When your time comes you will have to fight a much bigger war. But this is not that moment. You have to wait for your powers to reach their peak."
"The moments of glory don't come looking for you. You have to seize those moments. Jennifer will not run and abandon her men. Believe me, Uncle Nathan, Jennifer knows what she is doing."
Before Nathan could say something else, Jennifer got back on her feet and came out of the bushes. She wasn’t Jennifer anymore, she was someone else. If some person from a foregone era would have been here, he would have seen Solomon in Jennifer's walk, her eyes, her fury, and her every action. It was Solomon versus Thomas’s army, all over again. 
Even Aden’s soldiers stopped firing for a few seconds to see what was happening. Jennifer stood in front of the main gate and raised her right hand towards the sky. An ominous dark cloud appeared overhead. Everyone was frozen. The battle had come to a standstill.
And then she jerked her hand, snapped her fingers, and pointed at a barricade. On cue, a firebolt struck that barricade blasting it away. Many soldiers were electrocuted while others were blown away by the blast. There was another lightning strike. No one had ever seen lightning work like a laser gun hitting targets with utmost precision. Aden’s soldiers fired at Jennifer but their bullets limply fell at her feet. Some of them kept shooting while others seemingly gave up and waited for Jennifer to point her finger in their direction and meet their fate. 
Jennifer started walking towards the enemies. The fire was her weapon and air was her shield. With all that energy emanating from her, she was glowing like a bright star. It was hard to say whether she was firing the thunderbolts from the sky or directly from her hands. Whatever was the case but one thing was certain, there was no stopping her. At last, she had unleashed the Super-Transitioner.
Guns against firebolts, humans versus nature. The fight, as expected, didn’t last too long. All the barricades were blown away. The watchtowers were destroyed. Many parts of the storehouse were on fire. There were charred bodies everywhere. The soldiers of Aden, who had survived the attack, had no idea what to do. All they could think of was to try and stay away from the line of lightning.
Nathan’s men saw the opening and charged towards the storehouse. The majority of the enemy troops had been laid to waste by Jennifer's assault. It took them a few minutes to assert complete control over the facility. When they barged into the communications room, one of the soldiers was sending a desperate cry of help on the radio. "We have been hit by lightning. Almost all soldiers have been blasted away. Send help quickly, please...". Those were his last words before he got a bullet in his head.
George held the radio. "They had this installed here. The reinforcements should be here any time soon."
"We can't leave empty-handed. We must take what we have come for." Jennifer was not listening to anybody.
"Girl, it will take time to load Star-Rocks into the trucks and we don't have that. If the reinforcements reach here, we will be finished." 
"Then it mustn't reach here. We have lost many brave soldiers and we can't let that all go in vain. Jennifer can buy you some time by blocking the reinforcement."
"And how will you do that?" Nathan asked.
"That you must tell me," Jennifer shot back. "You are the expert of maps. You know the terrains of these worlds better than any of us. This was your plan. Now, you give Jennifer an idea about how to hold their troops."
Nathan took out a map and studied it for a moment. "I think we can do that. I will take Jennifer with me in one of these armored trucks. If our plan succeeds, we will get a couple of hours to stock the Star-Rocks into the trucks. If it fails, I will radio you, and you must immediately initiate the exit plan. Jennifer and I will meet you at the exit point."
"Friend, are you sure about this? She has already taken a huge risk today and you want her to do it once again." George wasn’t that confident about Nathan’s plans anymore.
"Is this question coming from an anxious army commander or a concerned father?" 
"Both." 
"After what I have seen of this girl tonight, I think she can handle herself. Don't worry, I promise you that I will protect her with my life. Trust me."
"Trust is all that we have left. Go quickly you might be running out of time."
Nathan and Jennifer climbed into an armored vehicle and zoomed out of the facility.
George's men got to work and started loading Star-Rocks inside the trucks.
***
Christopher’s convoy had just begun its journey when he heard the desperate cry of help on the radio. "We have been hit by lightning. Almost all soldiers have been blasted away. Send help quickly, please..." There was the sound of a gunshot and then an eerie silence.
Christopher, who was in the front vehicle, shouted on the radio, "We must move fast. They must not flee."
The convoy gathered speed. Once they reached the outskirts of the Ruins, the convoy diverted from the main road onto a side lane that led to the storehouse. It was a narrow road, only used by the storehouse trucks, and was in a bad shape. The convoy's moved much slower on this road. There was very little visibility because of the large bushes on both sides, persistent rain, and no street lights. 
The convoy had just moved about a mile on this road when Christopher spotted a distant figure standing in the middle of the road. As his vehicle got closer, Christopher strained his eyes to look at that person. From the slim physique and long flowing hair, it looked like she was a girl. She was not facing the road but was rather staring at a hill on the side of the road. Her left knee was bent and her hands were stretched in front of her body pointing towards the hill. As his vehicle got close, Christopher saw that the girl was seemingly exerting all her strengths to do something. Her eyes were locked on the hill, her body was trembling, and she was making a grunting noise. Any onlooker would have thought that she was trying to move the hill. As if she was pulling it towards her.
And then it struck him.
"Stop the car and give me the gun," Christopher shouted jumping out of the car. He grabbed the gun that one of his soldiers tossed to him. He got down on a knee and aimed at the girl. He might break the vow, but his one bullet could save the two worlds.
Christopher fired. A man who was standing beside that girl spotted him. He flung himself in front of her. One after another, four bullets pierced his body.
The girl heard the gunshots, saw bullets pierce her accomplice's body, and let out a cry of anguish. Her shrieks of agony pierced the night. It echoed around the bushes. The sky rumbled. The earth trembled.
And then it happened. The hill started to shake. With a loud bang, large rocks, trees, soil, and debris from the hill slid down its side and flooded the road. Christopher ran for cover as the massive landslide obstructed the road in front of the convoy and created a barrier between him and the girl.
For a split second, Christopher's eyes met the girl’s before the landslide blocked her out of his view. He would never forget that face. The fury in her eyes. Did he just fan a fire? Finger a sleeping beast. Invoke a demon from its slumber. Only time will tell.
***
Nathan was lying in a pool of his blood. Life had already left him by the time his body hit the ground. Jennifer sat down near his body. Tears were streaming down her face.
"We must quickly return to the storehouse." One of the soldiers pulled her back into the present. She nodded. Four soldiers lifted Nathan's body and put it inside the truck.
Jennifer climbed into the truck, and sat near Nathan's body, holding his hand. 
Nathan kept the promise he had given to your father. He protected you with his own life. He sacrificed himself for you. But you failed him. Even after so many years of training, you made the most basic mistake of letting your guard down in the middle of a battle. If not for Nathan's timely intervention, you would have joined Moses in the pantheon of the failed Transitioners. Your one moment of carelessness has dearly cost Elisium. 
The moment their vehicle entered the storehouse, George rushed towards the truck to check on his daughter. Before he could say anything, Jennifer signaled towards Nathan's dead body. There was a moment of awkward between the father and the daughter.
"The road is blocked. They won't be reaching here anytime soon." Jennifer was barely able to speak.
George looked at the body of his dear friend and tears welled up in his eyes. He quickly shut the truck's door. There will be time for mourning, but right now they had work to do.
***
Christopher was livid with himself. He could have ended the war right then and there if not for that man sacrificing himself to save the girl. "What are our other options for reaching the facility?" He asked Alfred.
"This is the only road which leads to the storehouse." 
Christopher’s face was flushed. "The facility which stores the most valuable thing on this wretched planet has just one mucky road connecting it to our base? Get all our machinery here and get this damn road cleared. Fetch our experts and see if we can find some other way to the facility. I don't want that cursed girl escaping again." 
***
George dispatched a couple of vehicles to clear up their exit route while his other troops were loading the Star-Rocks. An old dirt road ran all along the riverbank to the south of this facility. This road was used by Elisians to reach the Ruins before it was captured by Aden. Aden’s army never used this road so it began to fade away, and wasn’t even shown on their maps.
Although this road was in dilapidated condition, army vehicles, specifically designed to plow through rough terrain, should be able to make it through. However, there was another major problem. To exit the security perimeter, they had to pass through their secured fences and there was no way of doing it without having a faceoff with Aden's troops at any of their checkpoints.
Four trucks were fully loaded with the Star-Rocks in the next couple of hours. George's men also got hold of twelve armored military trucks parked inside the facility. A convoy of sixteen vehicles began its arduous journey on that dirt road towards their final exit.
***
Christopher was impatiently walking up and down the road, as his machines worked at full tilt to clear the debris. The moment there was enough room to let a vehicle pass, Christopher jumped into his truck and rushed towards the storehouse.
The carnage at the facility was visible even from a distance. Many parts of the building were on fire. The watchtowers and the barricades were blown away. When Christopher's truck neared the storehouse, he saw scorched bodies of his soldiers scattered around. "Look for survivors. See if we can get any useful information," he ordered while jumping out of his truck.
"Sir, please come here." One of his lieutenants sought his attention.
Christopher saw one of his soldiers lying on the ground. "I was blown away by a blast," the heavily injured soldier muttered through labored breaths, "I somehow managed to crawl into the bushes. That witch seared our men by lightning. She shot thunderbolts at us."
"Where did they go?" Alfred asked.
"All vehicles moved towards the southern side. Maybe they are using that old dirt road for their exit."
"Let us follow them," Christopher declared.
But Alfred had a better idea. "Sir, the vehicles will move at snail’s speed on that dirt road. To exit our security perimeter, they will have to pass through one of our checkpoints." Alfred took 
out a map and pointed to a location on it. "This is the nearest checkpoint, outpost number five. If we go back to the main road and make a dash for this checkpoint, we have a better chance of reaching it before them."
"That is a good plan. Let's go."
***
Soldiers at outpost number five were jolted by a radio message. "All soldiers on outpost number five stand on high alert. An attack is anticipated anytime. Back up is on the way." The troops scrambled to their positions. Those who were off-duty were asked to rush back to the post.
The rain had stopped a couple of hours ago. The ghostly silence of the night was stirred by the sound of a bugle echoing in the deserted landscape. On cue, hundreds of fighters hiding in the bushes charged at the outpost and launched a coordinated attack. Star-Rock shells and bombs were hurled at the wall. Guards at the watchtowers were snipped out. Only a hundred soldiers were guarding this post and they were taken aback by the intensity of the attack. Their solid defense structures did help them withstand the ambush, but they knew they wouldn't be able to hold for too long. They badly needed more troops.
A minute later, twelve military trucks drove towards the outpost. Lieutenant Travis, the commanding officer at the checkpoint breathed a sigh of relief. The reinforcement had arrived just in time. 
Travis quickly came down to receive the troops to brief them about the situation. HighCommander Christopher was in the first truck and Commander Alfred was sitting next to him. There were more than a hundred other soldiers, most of them the junior ones which Travis didn’t even recognize, but he couldn’t have asked for more. HighCommander himself had come to his aide. 
“Son, take these soldiers and show them the positions,” Christopher ordered Travis. He took the reinforcement troops and placed them beside the existing soldiers. Christopher then took Travis’s radio and shouted, “Boys, shoot the enemies.” The reinforcement troops instantly turned their guns towards their fellow soldiers and started shooting them. Aden’s soldiers had no time to react. By the time they could understand what was happening bullets had entered their bodies and their souls had left it.
Travis’s mouth fell open. He looked at his HighCommander, but before he could do anything Christopher leveled his gun at him and blew his head. 
***
The massive gate at outpost number five was wide open. Christopher spotted a couple of trucks going out of the gateway when his vehicle was zooming towards it. He got out of his truck and walked towards the giant gate. This was a complete disaster. Not only had his enemies forayed deep into his territory and made a mockery of their defense infrastructure, but they had also fled with tons of Star-Rocks and killed hundreds of his soldiers.
And then his eyes fell on someone. That mysterious girl was standing twenty meters away from him looking in his direction. She was waiting for him. Their eyes met once again, and even from that distance, he could see a fire raging in her eyes.
But Christopher got the biggest shock of his life when he noticed the other person standing beside her. He had heard his soldiers narrate the stories of meeting their duplicates in this world. Today Christopher was staring at his copy. Face, height, build, the color of eyes, even the number of greying hairs were the same. His duplicate was within his striking distance but he was too shaken to react.  
Christopher’s copy gave him a triumphant smile. He didn’t look surprised. He might have known about him all along. And tonight, after securing a comprehensive victory, he must have decided to come face to face with his duplicate cum nemesis and rub salt in his wounds.
The duplicate snapped his fingers. The very next moment, a series of blasts went off. The earth shook violently and the whole gateway collapsed to the ground. Christopher was startled and took cover by lying face down. When the noise subsided, he raised his head. His face was soiled by the mud. He saw his duplicate and the girl having a hearty chuckle, mocking him for his helplessness. They had soundly defeated him and quite literally buried his nose in the dirt. They gave him one last stare, then climbed on a truck and drove away.
Lying on the ground, Christopher pondered over his situation. His predicament would be the new definition of getting defeated by one's own self. His present position was also symbolic of their current state of affairs. Christopher and his army were knocked out in their backyard with their pride and confidence buried into the ground.
But this absolute thrashing wasn't Christopher's only problem. A bigger issue was that his men had seen the raw powers of that girl and that was going to create a lot of panic amongst his troops.
Christopher knew he had a very tough time ahead of him.





Chapter Thirty-Eight
The Proposals
Love is a strength and not a weakness
Elisium
5L 21/19/6/2
"In the last month, we have lost around four hundred soldiers in the enemy attacks. We know the morale of our forces is shattered by these attacks, but we must inspire our troops to stay strong and be ready to fight back."
Commander Alfred was addressing his fellow commanders in a review meeting. Commander Simon diverted their attention towards another issue. "That is not the most important concern. The main problem is that our soldiers have witnessed what that girl can do. They saw her pull down a hill, fire thunderbolts out of her hand and they have now guessed what made our armored trucks fly or brought a sandstorm out of nowhere. They are not scared of the enemy troops but you can’t expect them to fight the forces of nature."
Christopher quietly shook his head. "We have to find a way to fight her because we don't have another option. We are trapped here and can't leave until the next Crossing. The only choice we have is to try and stay alive till then. All we can do is fortify our defenses and hold onto it until the reinforcements arrive about two years from now." 
Simon however, was concerned about another problem. "You anticipated that they will attack the storehouse. We were ready for them but we were still routed. To be frank sir, our soldiers are shaking in their pants. Four years ago, they attacked us in open fields, so we confined ourselves inside our secured perimeter. Now they are attacking us right inside our territory. Our soldiers feel trapped. They fear that the next attack will be anytime soon and this time that girl is going to fry them all." 
Alfred raised another query. "You just mentioned the reinforcements but how are we going to receive them? For making the necessary arrangements for the incoming troops we will have to move out of these walls and face our enemies in the open field. Do you have a plan for that?"
Christopher chinned up a little. He had to show confidence to boost the morale of others. "I have a plan to evade our enemies who might be waiting for us outside our gates. And that might also keep our troops busy and divert their minds from the recent fiascos."
Christopher explained his proposal to his Commanders. "I know this is a very rough plan, but we can develop it into something workable. I think this is the only way to receive our incoming troops."
The idea was a little far-fetched, but that was their only plan and they had to make it work.
***
When Jennifer opened her eyes her mother was at her bedside. Cynthia took her hand in hers. "The only time you feel warm is when you are having a fever. Since the day of your resurrection, your body feels like it is made up of ice."
Jennifer smiled. "Maybe after Jennifer dropped dead, her soul wasn't pleased to be pushed back into the same body. It has not warmed up to it again. By the way how long was Jennifer knocked out?" 
"A couple of weeks. You kept coming and going. But it is the first time you have fully opened your eyes and said something. Hopefully, you will be staying longer this time."
"Yes, feeling a little better now." Jennifer looked at the back of her hand. She found a few new wrinkles there.
"I will get you some soup." 
"Can you get Jennifer a mirror as well?"
"That is a bad idea. You don’t look great. Quite understandably, you have grown weak and pale due to your illness. First, get well, and then you can admire yourself in the mirror." Cynthia left the room to fetch her some food.
You over-exerted yourself while shooting the thunderbolts and pulling down that hill. You had been warned about the subsequent consequences of overusing your powers. Thankfully you fell unconscious inside the truck during the return journey and not on the battlefield.
Jennifer remembered how Adam had explained to her, in detail, how the amulet worked. It is designed to harness the immense energy released during the turn of the loop. It traps that massive power within itself. The Transitioner can unleash those powers when he needs them, but for doing that he has to exert himself. That huge effort takes a toll on his body. The greater the powers unleashed, the higher the toll.
However, during the turn of loops, enormous amounts of energy are already present in the atmosphere. There are lightning strikes, thunderstorms, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions. At that time the amulet just has to control all this energy and divert these cosmic powers in a specific direction. Be it Noah’s floods or Solomon’s Star-Rock shower, they were results of channelizing this energy towards a particular target. During that period, the Transitioner doesn’t need to overly exert himself. All he needs to do is to use the full potential of this amulet and utilize the energy present around him.
The powers of the amulet made the Transitioner a master of all the natural elements. He could divert water to create floods, shake the earth to cause earthquakes, rain fire in form of lightning, and whip up the air to conjure tornadoes. All the forces of nature are at his disposal and during those days there is no limit to his powers.
All the Transitioners before Jennifer faced several obstacles after they jumped into the whirlpool and arrived in the other world. To overcome these problems they had to use these powers and suffer the consequences. Solomon had to show many miracles and extensively use his powers to unite the largely fragmented society of Aden. It took such a toll on his body that no one was able to even recognize him when he came back to Elisium. He looked almost two cycles old on his twenty-first birthday. 
Jennifer noticed few more strands of grey hair. She had grown pale, her body felt weak and there were definite signs of aging. Jennifer the Damsel again took up arms against Jennifer the Reborn.
Grandpa Solomon, again and again, told you to avoid using these powers till the turn of the loop. 
Jennifer had to keep the ever-dwindling hopes of her people alive. She had to bring rains to end draughts. Divert floods, stop tornadoes. People look at their Savior to help them. She can’t just turn her back on them.
What good will you do to them if you are spent before the turn of the loop? Saving people is alright but what do you have to say about two back-to-back faceoffs with the enemies. That is what did this to you. Firing lightning bolts, pulling down a hill, you love being a hero. Isn’t it?
The first battle was a sudden situation. And in second Jennifer couldn’t have left her soldiers to die.
The two Jennifer’s paused their battle when Cynthia entered the room with a tray of food in her hand. James was behind her. "He has been coming to see you every day. I think he would be happy to see you awake, so I called him."
Jennifer’s face lit up. Butterflies fluttered inside her tummy.
Control yourself. You are Jennifer the Reborn, not some silly teenage girl.
James gave her a peck on her cheek. "You look great."
"Making fun of an ill person used to be counted in bad etiquettes in our world. Although Jennifer is not allowed a mirror, she can imagine how horrible she looks."
James chuckled. "I am serious. If you would have seen yourself when we brought you here two weeks ago you would have got the shock of your life."
"Is that supposed to cheer Jennifer up? James Matthews, you were attracted to a beautiful young girl four years ago. That girl is neither beautiful nor looks young anymore. So what is your heart’s view about this not-so-pretty Jennifer? Do you feel the same way as before?" Jennifer managed a feeble smile and her attempt at making this sound humorous fell on its face. Her heart was racing like a wild horse as she waited for James's answer.
Cynthia audibly cleared her throat. "I have a few chores in the kitchen. I must get going. James, make sure she finishes the food." 
James brought his face near Jennifer’s and looked into her eyes. "You still don't get it. It was never about your beauty or looks. I broke up with a girl who people thought was much more attractive than you. There is an invisible connection, an attachment, between you and me. I can't explain what it is, but that is what made me not care for my life and lunge before you that day. For me, you are and will always remain the most beautiful girl in Elisium.”
“You still haven’t answered Jennifer’s question.” 
“Yes, my feelings for you have changed. If anything, I am now much more in love with you than ever before. And today I have come to ask you the most important question of my life." James paused for a moment and then blurted out. "Will you marry me?" 
Tears welled up in Jennifer's eyes. "James… Jennifer… wants... but... You .. know... she ..can't... she won't" Jennifer mumbled as she tried to figure out how to tell him the truth.
"I know you won't be able to bear me any children if that is what you want to tell. Your father told me that years ago. But that doesn't stop me from loving you. Others can continue my family lineage, but for me to continue living, I need you in my life."
Jennifer lunged at James and hugged him tightly. "Jennifer loves you, James. She loves you more than her life."
Jennifer the Damsel badly needed this. Finally, you have someone who looks at you as a vulnerable young girl and not the iron-willed chosen one. Someone who can see through your strong façade at your tender heart. Someone who can lend you a shoulder to cry. Someone who loves Jennifer, the naive girl, and not Jennifer, the Savior.
Melting away in James's warm embrace, she immediately started to feel better. As the bliss of love filled her heart, strength returned to her body.
Love is indeed a strength and not a weakness.
James looked as if he was over Turion, Elisium’s largest moon. It was written all over his face what that meant to him. His biggest dream had come true.
***
Elisium
5L 21/21/19/18
Jennifer woke up, shivering in fear, screaming at the top of her voice. "He is shot in the back. Help him, he has been shot."
James shook her. "Wake up dear, wake up. This is just a dream."
Jennifer tightly hugged her husband. She was hysterical. "Oh my God, that shot came from behind Jennifer’s back. James, Jennifer can't lose the person she loves the most."
"These are mere nightmares. You must stop thinking about them."
"These are not just bad dreams. These are some sort of signs. Jennifer sees the same scenes again and again." She tried to convince her husband for the umpteenth time.
A series of visions had plagued Jennifer's mind in the last few months. What began as some abrupt flashes, these nightmares got more and more vivid with every passing day. Different scenarios played out in these visions, but this one particular scene always shook her to the core. She always saw her loved one getting shot, but couldn't see the person who shot him. However, she knew one thing for sure, that the person who shot him was amongst them. This traitor was going to betray them and she had to find him before he could carry out this heinous act.
In the beginning, she thought that these visions were some sort of mind game from Adam. Jennifer confronted him in one of the conferences. "Stop messing up with Jennifer’s mind. She doesn’t like these gory scenes."
Adam frowned. "I am not a fool to mess up your mind. Tell me what do I gain by doing this?"
"Your actions and intentions are always beyond our understanding." 
"Trust me I have nothing to do with your visions. Even if I want to play with someone's mind, I can only show them scenes from the past. And none of your visions are from the past."
"You mean they are from the future?" 
This was a rare occasion when Adam wasn’t sure about something. "I think so. Although none of the Transitioners before you have been blessed with the powers to see the future, however in your case, there have been many firsts. Therefore, I never rule out anything when it comes to you."
"If not you then who is showing Jennifer these scenes?"
Adam gave his why-does-she-keep-forgetting look. "I have told you this many times before that Lords of Nature want to maintain the balance in these worlds. Maybe they want you to delve into these scenes and see what lies ahead of you."
"What do you reckon is the purpose of all this?" 
"Just try and remember the details of these visions, as best as you can. There may be some hints in these visions that they want you to see and then formulate your strategies accordingly. Knowing what is going to happen before it happens is not always a blessing, but in your case, this could be a massive advantage. In the coming war, this might help you put your enemies’ best-laid plans to waste."
"How can someone show Jennifer the future. Show something that hasn't even happened?" 
Abraham, the most learned of the Transitioners, felt this question was in his territory. "Time and space are constraints imposed on our body. When we rise above them, there are other dimensions and a whole new world of possibilities. By following the trails of past and present one can project the possible course of future."
"You mean to say that these are future projections. Some possibilities. It may happen and it may not."
"Knowing the powers who have made these projections, I can safely say that these are not possibilities, but realities. What you see will surely happen." 
Jennifer sighed. "If what Jennifer sees is anyhow going to happen, then what good these visions will do to her?"
"I can understand your disappointment and I know what you want to change, but you can't. These visions are not there for you to change something, but they are for you to observe, learn and chalk out your strategies. Don't get occupied by that one scene. These visions may help you avoid your enemies’ traps and save hundreds, or even thousands, of lives. All you need is to just concentrate on them."
Jennifer understood that logic, but it was hard to shrug off the effects of that particular vision. Despite this mental torture, she heeded the advice of Adam and Abraham. She delved into her dreams, remembered the situations, the surroundings, and picked up some vital clues. 
She still couldn’t understand how this all worked, but very soon these visions were about to come to her aid.





Chapter Thirty-Nine
The Trap
A very obvious idea is never the best plan
Aden
5L 21/21/19/21
"I assume our troops are ready to do the dirty job?" 
Marcus was taking a stroll in the magnificently landscaped gardens of his Grand Palace with Michael.
"Yes, Your Highness. They have been trained exactly as you had ordered."
"They must be trained to kill on any little provocation. Even without any provocation. You understand that they are not going to do any humanitarian work over there. They must be ready to go to any lengths to establish our complete authority in that world."
"Yes, Queen-Mother’s idea of spiritual sessions was quite a success. Your preachers have brainwashed our troops to see every breathing thing on that planet as their enemies. Their subconscious has been instilled with the fear of the unknown."
"Do you think they will be able to pull off this mission for us?"
"A weapon, no matter how deadly, is only as lethal as the person who wields it. How these troops fare depends on who commands them and I am sure that I am not the one chosen to do that." Michael did little to hide the disappointment in his voice.
"I know how much you want to lead these troops, but I cannot risk going against the Council and lose everything, just like Samuel. The effects of all those theatrics at the Celebration of Unity are gradually dissipating and people have started to see what lies behind the curtains. However, no one has the guts to openly oppose me and I want to keep it that way. And that idiot Paul Andrews is always at my throat. He will stir a storm if I suggest your name for this mission and I don’t want to give him that chance."
"You have given him too much freedom. His growing stature is a clear threat to your throne. All he needs is one slip up from you and he will turn the whole of Aden against you. Why don't you do something to silence him."
"Some people call him the common man's king. There will be an Aden-wide rebellion if I even try to pluck a hair out of his head."
"You don't necessarily have to execute him. He can meet an accident or even die in his sleep. After all, he is an old man and you know a thing or two about old men dying in their sleep." Michael's jibe was pretty obvious and it didn't go down too well with his king.
"You are listening to too many rumors."
"Your Highness, let us drop these pretenses and be frank. I think your father had grown too old and was in no shape to tackle the crisis which we are facing. So, it was appropriate that you took over but your timing was awful. Your father died right in the night when he had called an urgent Council meeting to announce his plans for Tenebra. That left a lot of room for wagging tongues and pointing fingers. You should have done, what you eventually did, a lot earlier."
Marcus didn't tell Michael that it was his mother who had done it in the end. "We are not here to discuss my father's death. Tell me how can you help me with Paul."
"I can remove him in a way that no finger will ever point at you."
"Okay, do it. I promise that I will make you the HighMinister of Tenebra once your troops have won it for us. Handpick some of your fiercest and relentless commanders. Promise them high rewards and a lifetime of luxuries. Train them to be ruthless while leading the mission in your absence. Prepare them in a way that your absence isn't felt in that world."
"But your father had promised to send a delegation of ministers on the mission to rein in the army. Our commanders will be no good if your ministers keep overruling them."
"I have already handpicked a few spineless ministers and have them fall in line through lavish promises or dire threats. So don't worry, no one will overrule your commanders. Once they have broken their resistance and annihilated their army I will send you there as my envoy and you will rule that world for as long as you live."
"Okay, Your Highness. The deal is sealed."
"For that to happen you have to first win that world for me."
"That I will." 
Marcus paused for a moment, then decided to tell Michael something that was lingering at the back of his mind. "I think I should tell you that I had some bizarre visions at the beginning of my reign. Those visions faded away once I stopped paying attention to them, but they showed some grisly scenes and rivers of blood. I suppose they were some vicious omens that this war will see a lot of bloodshed. Our troops must have guts for gore."
"Don't worry. I will prepare them."
"I also saw people bowing to a young girl who made an ominous thunderstorm disappear in a blink of an eye."
"You mean to say.."
"Yes. I think the amulet is real and a girl has it. She also knows how to use its powers. I assume the girl with the amulet has taken our enemies’ side and our forces might have to deal with some supernatural paranormal powers."
The look on Michael’s face said it all. Marcus knew that Michael, like many others, had thought that the amulet story told at the Celebrations of Unity was pure fiction to gain public support, but now he was being told that this menace actually existed.  A few creases formed on his forehead but he tried to put up a brave front. "We will try and devise some strategy but I don't think we can plan for something so unpredictable. We can provide our troops with the best weapons and all the information and then let them handle the situation themselves."
Marcus nodded.
"I must take your leave, Your Highness."
"Okay, and take care of Paul as quickly as you can."
A sinister smile spread across Michael’s face. "Don't worry, Your Highness, I will take very good care of him." 
Marcus felt as if a weight had been lifted off his chest. Paul had been a thorn in his flesh for far too long. If Michael could remove him, he would be able to breathe a lot easier. Michael had never failed him and Marcus was sure that he will be successful in this secret mission as well.
A mission that was going to shake Aden. An assassination that was going to turn the tide in this world.
***
Elisium 
5L 21/21/20/1
Christopher was having his customary late-night stroll along the riverbank. During these turbulent times, the cool breeze from the river soothed his nerves and lifted his spirits. Alfred joined him in the walk.
"How are things going at the entry point?" Christopher asked his deputy.
"The Demon's Entrance has been turned into a minefield. No one is getting anywhere near it without getting blown to pieces."
"Good job. Anyone suspicious of our movements around the river?" 
"No alarms so far. Our soldiers mostly travel in the dark of the night and stay close to the opposite bank which is always pretty desolated."
"And how many boats are ready?"
"Enough to carry all our existing troops if we want. But I think we will want to leave some of them behind to guard our posts."
"That is great. Just keep increasing the perimeter of the mines. The farther we can keep them from us, the better."
Christopher stroked his chin. Once again he had proved to be a master strategist. When he had proposed this plan two years ago, it looked too overambitious, but there was a solid logic behind it. Elisians were afraid of traveling in water and hence the rivers were never used for navigation. The situation was similar in Aden a few cycles ago, however, the ever-growing need for new modes of transport and the dwindling fuel reserves led scientists to concentrate on utilizing the flow of rivers. Eventually, boats were developed and they became massively popular in just a few years.
Aden’s technology was their best bet against the paranormal. When his enemies were guarding the land, Christopher decided to use the water. The two planets were identical, so the water routes that worked in Aden should work in Elisium as well. By using these waterways his troops could avoid the enemy traps and reach the Demon's Entrance, this world’s entry point, unscathed. 
He first sent out a few scouting parties to ascertain the safety of this route. When they made their return journey without any incident he constructed a boat-building unit near the Bridge of Faith. Thereafter, regular troops traveled to the Demon's Entrance and turned that whole area into a minefield. They laid down interconnected explosive mines and mapped them to ensure that Aden’s army could navigate this area, but it would be impossible for anyone else to traverse this minefield without getting fried. 
Elisian’s bizarre tactics also helped Christopher in achieving his goal. After the successful attack on the storage facility, he had expected relentless attacks, but to his surprise, enemies went into some sort of slumber. Any further attacks would have destroyed his troops’ morale, but this period of lull allowed them to get their confidence back. Christopher took advantage of this situation, and after more than a year of careful execution, a large radius around the Demon's Entrance was secured on both sides of the river. 
Christopher wasn’t sure about the war, but he for sure loved the war games. He had once again outthought his enemies and it was now time to lie low and wait. He had made good enough arrangements to receive the incoming troops and just hoped that his bosses had heeded his warnings and were going to send a big enough reinforcement. 
***
George was presiding over a meeting of David’s army inside their headquarters. "We are exactly a couple of months away from the turn of the loop. We must now start to prepare for the final war." 
David never missed a chance to oppose his father's overly defensive tactics. "It should have never come down to this. We should have kept attacking the enemies after we had rattled them."
"Son, we came out of there alive only because of Jennifer's intervention. You had seen her condition. We couldn't have risked her going through that again."
"We should have attacked the Ruins through the tunnels and finished them off from within. We could have pulled it off even without her help."
Roger intervened in the father-son verbal duel. "That wouldn’t have been that easy. There is a much more sophisticated defense system in and around the Ruins. Security alarms, hidden mines, and very sophisticated weapons. With all their troops on high alert, even an army of twenty thousand wouldn't have defeated them inside their fortress."
"Son, those tunnels are good for ambushes, but with their whole army waiting to welcome us inside the Ruins, any full-fledged attack would have been a mass suicide. Even Nathan admitted that our army needed more time and more weapons to be ready for a full-fledged war."
David smirked. "Do you reckon we are ready now? Or shall we wait for the next loop?"
Jennifer was fed up with these regular tussles between her father and brother. Are you sure they are real father and son? It looks likes somebody dropped him at your father’s doorstep. "What is going to be our next move?" 
Darren, who was brought to the meeting on George's orders, gave an idea. "We must first secure the Demon's Entrance." 
"Now will our enemies devise strategies for us?" David reminded Darren of his disgust towards him.
Jacob however agreed with Darren. "You know, that is the most logical thing to do. The looters will have to come out of their rabbit hole and reach this place to do the necessary preparations before the Crossing. They have no other option. If we take control of that area and turn it into a battlefield of our liking we can give them a grand reception whenever they arrive."
James also voiced his approval. "This seems like a solid plan. Generally, they start this process a couple of weeks before every Crossing, hence I guess we have enough time in our hands to make the necessary arrangements. They will stand no chance of defeating us in our tailormade battlefield."
"And once we overcome their existing armies, we can take down their incoming troops in the river itself. Not even allow them to set their foot on this land. It would be such fitting revenge for me. Shooting and drowning the people who had tried to drown me during the last Crossing," Joseph said licking his lips. 
Everybody admitted that rather than charging at the enemies, letting them walk into a well-laid trap looked like the most sensible thing to do. And even David, who was always against his father's defensive strategies, couldn't find a fault in this plan of action.
However, once the meeting was over, Roger took David into a corner. "Don’t you think this plan is too obvious? We have a saying in the army that an obvious idea is never the best plan. Don't you think Aden’s army might have thought about this too? And to be honest, Christopher, your father's duplicate, has a much sharper brain than your father. He outsmarted him, and almost had him and all your men killed in that storehouse ambush. I am sure he must be up to something."
"What could he plan to do without even coming out of his burrow?"
"I don't know. But since this suggestion came from Darren, I think he knows something which we don't. Don't get fooled by his recently developed soft corner for your people. He used to call you worms and wanted to trample you under his feet. That kind of disdain doesn't go away that easily."
"What are you trying to suggest?"
"I am just trying to warn you. In trying to lay down a trap, just don't walk into one. As far as I know Christopher, he won't be just lying down for two years and do nothing – just like your father. He may spring up a surprise on you."
Roger’s warning left David with some serious thinking to do. David knew that since his father had already approved this plan, he won't listen to any counter-arguments. All he could do now is to remain extra cautious to avoid getting ensnared by their enemy.
He had no idea that even before they could spread their nets, a trap had already been laid down for them. 






Chapter Forty
The Surprise
The splendors of all great societies come to an end when their rulers give up courage and honor for treachery and deceit
Aden 
5L 21/21/20/14
"Oh! That is very unfortunate." 
Marcus was sitting on his exquisite golden throne and going through the routine proceedings of the Council when one of his guards whispered something in his ears. Marcus wanted to sing, even dance, but he made a face that made people assume as if he had lost a limb. His acting skills had improved a lot. He addressed his Council in a croaky voice accompanied by moist eyes. "Yesternight, one of our most distinguished Council members, Paul Andrews, breathed his last."
All the people inside the Great hall gasped aloud. 
Marcus continued his performance. "We all know that his health had been deteriorating for the last couple of weeks. He had been unable to attend the Council meetings as well. And today we got this unfortunate news."
Marcus paused for effect and then took a deep breath. "Paul was one of the visionaries of our time. A great scientist, scholar but above all a very kind human being. He was a father figure to me and was loved by all Adeners. People always looked up to him for inspiration. His demise, in these turbulent times, is a huge loss for Aden. May his soul rest in peace. I declare three days of official mourning in his honor."
"Yes, there definitely should be mourning." A loud voice from the entrance of the Great Hall interrupted Marcus’s poignant eulogy. Everyone looked in its direction. Many eyes became wide, some hands went to their mouths while others just froze. Paul stood there in flesh and blood. He walked menacingly towards Marcus and his booming voice echoed in the hall. "Mourning not on my death, but on the demise of honor and values of the person who occupies the throne. On the murder of morals and virtues in our beautiful world."
A ghostly silence engulfed the Great hall. Blank faces stared at the two adversaries. Marcus's face had lost all its color. Paul’s face was flushed and his eyes were breathing fire. He stopped right in front of the throne and glowered at Marcus. "I assume you didn't like this surprise. Did you? You know what? The splendors of all great societies come to an end when their rulers give up courage and honor for treachery and deceit." 
Paul gestured behind his back, where his son John, dragged a person into the hall. Paul turned his glare towards Michael, who was sitting to the right side of the king. "You bribed my butler to mix green-weeds in my food to make me ill. But you forgot that I am quite a decent chemist as well. It didn't take me too long to understand that someone wanted my health to worsen so that he can finish me off. I stopped taking that food and pretended to fall ill. My family and I tried to catch the culprit but were too naive to suspect our butler, who had been dutifully serving us for two cycles. But rapacity can corrupt purest of souls.’
‘Then yesterday he tried to strangulate me in my sleep. Poor chap didn't know that my son was guarding me in my chamber. It just took a couple of slaps for him to blurt out your name. And I can take a very educated guess that on whose instructions you ordered him to kill me," Paul added returning his attention to Marcus.
Marcus slapped the side of his throne and stood up. "How dare you put baseless allegations on your king? I can put you on trial for treason and banish you from this world."
Paul gave a cold smile. "Do you know how hollow you sound? Your guilt is written all over your face and evident in your stuttering voice. I dare you to put me on trial and banish me. You know that is not an option or you would have done that long ago."
Michael tried to shield his king. "You can't prove anything. Your butler's testimony will count for nothing in a trial. Bound by gratitude, he is obliged to say whatever you want."
Paul curled his upper lip. "Don't get so charged up Michael. I have not come here seeking a trial. I know there is no hope for justice in this place anymore. I just came here to show this Council the real face of our king. He just said that he saw me as a father figure, so he just tried to do to me what he did to his father. We had heard rumors surrounding King Julian’s death but we chose to ignore them. However, after this botched attempt on my life, we don’t need any more evidence to see the truth. We now know that our beloved king removes obstacles from his path by getting them strangulated in their sleep. He did that to his father to get the throne and attempted the same on me to retain it."
Marcus pointed his finger at Paul. "How dare you accuse and abuse me in front of my Council? How dare you call me a murderer? I will have your head on a spear and parade it in every corner of Aden."
"That would be more befitting of a king, rather than these filthy little games you chose to play. Be a man. Come out in open and face your adversary."
"Since you have admitted yourself that you are my adversary, you are in clear rebellion against the crown. I immediately dismiss you from the Council and ask the Council to initiate a closed-door trial against you. Till then you are under arrest."
Paul broke into a burst of menacing laughter. "Thousands of my supporters were waiting outside when I walked into this hall. Someone spread the word that the king was trying to falsely implicate me and put me behind bars. If I don't safely walk out of here, they will barge into this building. Your handful of guards won't be able to stop them and you will be beaten to a pulp before your army reaches here. I didn't simply walk in here to get meekly arrested."
Paul then landed his last punch. "I know you have dung filled up in that little brain of yours, but trying to kill me was the stupidest thing to do even from your petty standards. Public support for you is hanging by a thread and the last thing you want is a rebellion. And a rebellion is what you are going to get. I promise you that."
Paul turned around and stormed out of the Great hall. A loud cheer erupted in the crowd that was waiting outside to see him. Paul waved to the masses, climbed in his car, and drove out of Aurae.
While Adeners were cheering their popular leader, the deathly silence inside the Great Hall resembled a graveyard. Marcus’s opponent had flushed his seemingly perfect plan down the toilet and ripped apart his mask to reveal his ugly face to the public. His biggest critic now held the key to his fate.
***
Standing on the same balcony where his father had spent a lot of sleepless nights, Marcus absently stared at the magnificent Aurae sleeping under a blanket of peace. He knew that this exterior calm belied the hidden turbulence. He could sense a storm coming for him.
"Losing your sleep over your problems, just like your father, isn't going to solve them." 
Marcus turned around to see her mother entering the balcony. "Tell me what should I do? You are always so full of advice." Marcus shot back.
"You should have sought my advice before carrying out that foolish plan. Trying to kill Paul, when you have bigger enemies banging down at your door, was the stupidest thing to do."
"I think I have heard that before. Tell me something that I don't already know."
Miriam took a deep breath. She clearly didn’t want to further upset her son. "What are you planning to do now?" 
"To be honest I am clueless about what to do. Paul has gone to his ancestral town and is assembling his supporters there. He promised me a rebellion and he looks he has taken that promise to his heart."
"You can't sit here and just let him do whatever he wants."
"He is called the king of the commoners. Thousands of people will be charging at our palace calling for my head if I even touch him."
"You should have thought about that before trying to assassinate him. You have already started a fire and now you must find a way to extinguish it."
"If you have any ideas I am all ears." Marcus scoffed.
"You know what is Paul's weakness? His weakness is that he is a kind man with a soft heart and kindness is a frailty that must be exploited by the ruthless. Paul lives his life for other people. He won't let others suffer because of him.  And we must use this flaw against him."
"Can you be a little more specific? I am exactly not in a mood to solve riddles."
"You must send a loud and clear message to Paul. Choose a strong messenger who can instill devil’s fear in Paul’s heart while delivering this message. I think Michael shall be a good choice. Call him tomorrow morning and I will tell him what exactly he has to do."
Marcus looked at his mother. She had a sardonic smile on her face and a spark in her eyes. Marcus decided to trust his mother. After all, she was the one who had put him on this throne and now she was going to save it.
***
Paul was meeting some of his old friends, inside his family home in the town of Agar, when one of his men came into the room. "Sorry to disturb you, but Commander Michael is here. He has brought a large convoy of Aden's army with him. We have stopped them outside the town, but he seeks your permission to enter and deliver you a message on behalf of king Marcus."
Paul nodded. "I was expecting someone, although not with a huge convoy. I think our king has become desperate. Okay just send him in."
Paul received Michael in the artistically designed hall of his ancestral home. Some of the greatest minds of this loop had graced this house. Paul’s friends and supporters were still there when Michael entered the hall.
Michael greeted Paul with a sly smile. "Hello Paul, Good to see you in such great health."
"You tried your best to take it away but God had his eyes on me."
"It is your story against mine. I will say that whatever you think happened is just a fragment of your imagination, and you will say otherwise. So let us just keep that aside and have a meaningful chat."
"I think you have a message for me from the king. I can’t wait to hear that."
"Not in front of the whole town." Michael gestured towards the people in the hall. "Some matters are best discussed behind closed doors."
Paul requested his supporters to leave them alone. Only Paul, his son John and Michael were left in the room.
"Now tell me, why Marcus has sent you here?"
"He asks you for some time. You know the turn of the loop is just four weeks away. Our enemies are ready to strike us and this will be the worst time to fight amongst ourselves. This is only going to weaken our strengths. Our king wants you to go out to the public and declare that you have reached a truce with the king till the turn of the loop. You and King Marcus will sort out your differences after dealing with the foreign enemies."
"And why would I do that? You know very well that I don't buy any of his crap about Elisians planning to attack us. I am clearly against him sending any troops to that world and I will firmly stand by my opinion."
"I knew you won't give in. Now since you have taken a stand against the King and the Council, you are in clear rebellion against the crown. And it leaves the Council with only one option. To take out the rebels."
"These are just empty threats. If Marcus wanted to kill me, he would have done that the day I walked out on him."
"Well, he regrets that missed opportunity. He should have beheaded you right there but you caught him on the wrong foot and he just panicked.”
Paul smirked. “Even now he can’t do that. He knows that killing me will spark a fire that will be too hot for him to handle.”
“But leaving you alive and unchecked will do even more damage. You with your venomous tongue will instigate more people against the crown than your silent dead-body. At least by killing you we cut the head of the snake and hope that the snake never rises. Maybe people might have second thoughts about the rebellion after seeing the fate of the rogue town that housed a rebel leader. "
That last sentence caught Paul's attention. "What do you mean by that? What are you up to?"
"Three thousand soldiers, armed with the latest weapons, have surrounded this town. I have orders that if you don't accept the king's proposal, I must kill every person in this town. Men, women, and children. Everyone. On the charges of treason and rebelling against the crown."
"Marcus will never get away with this. The Council will never approve this."
"Oh come on Paul! You are smarter than this. You know that the Council is a mere puppet in the king's hands. He has also invoked the Right of the King, which gives him full authority to take emergency decisions to quell the rebellion. This will be passed off as one such necessary step. He doesn’t need the Council’s approval to dispose of the rebels."
"You can't kill thousands of innocents just like that."
Michael brought his face near Paul’s. He could see that bloodlust in Michael’s eyes. "How many people are here? More than ten thousand? When we kill them all, this news will spread like wildfire. It will serve as a very good example of what happens to people who go against the crown."
Paul tried a last roll of the dice. "The soldiers won't shoot at their people."
"These soldiers have been under training for years. They have been brainwashed to believe that whoever stands in their path is their enemy. But I must admit, they need some real field practice before going to that dark world. There they might have to kill many innocent people and I don't want their hands to shake when they do so. This mission provides me a great opportunity to test their mental strength. I have handpicked some of my most stone-hearted soldiers for this mission. They will shoot first, and in the ensuing chaos, others will follow suit. You don't worry about the soldiers. I have that aspect perfectly covered."
There was a sinister chill in Michael's tone that made Paul’s blood run cold. These were no empty threats. Michael meant what he said and was even looking forward to this massacre. After all, he was a descendant of Henry, who had massacred thousands of people. Paul knew those character traits carried down the generations in these worlds. He couldn't afford to take a chance against him.
"Give me some time. Let me think over it."
"What do you want to think? You don’t have a choice. Anyways I am hungry so I give you an hour while I have my lunch."
"Tell me, how will you face your conscience if you kill all these people?" Paul tried to invoke emotions in a heartless demon. Conscience, justice, mercy – such words meant nothing to Michael.
"Don't put that on me. I am doing what I think is the best for this world. Now the gun is in your hands. You have to decide whether you want to pull the trigger or put it down. You will kill all these people if you make the wrong choice. It is your ambitions versus the lives of your followers. And make your decision quickly. Don't keep me waiting for too long and tempt me into doing something I so much want to do."
Michael stormed out of the room. Paul looked at his son John for some advice.
"We don't have a choice father. We neither have men nor weapons to fight their troops. We need time to gather our people and put up any sort of resistance. Michael is right, if you get killed here, there might be uprisings but there will be no revolution. We need some time and for that, we have to accept their terms."
***
Thousands of Paul’s supporters were waiting for him in the central square of Agar. Aden's army had moved into the town and surrounded the square. Paul walked to a raised platform in the center and addressed his people under the shadow of guns. Michael stood beside him flashing a wide grin.
"The turn of the loop is just a few weeks away and we suspect that our enemies in that other world are planning an attack on us. In these critical times, we cannot afford to fight amongst ourselves. King Marcus has asked me for a truce so that he can deal with the foreign threat. Once that is done we can try and sort out our differences. Looking at the current circumstances, I have decided to accept his peace offer."
A loud collective groan went up in the crowd.
"He killed his father."
"We must punish the murderer King."
"He must give up the throne."
Many people started shouting at once. Paul raised his hand and asked people to calm down.
"Yes, he has to answer to a lot of things and we will ask him all these questions once we have overcome our common enemy. Till then I request all my brothers and sisters to adhere to this truce and not indulge in any activities against the regime or oppose any of their orders. Believe me, I have taken this decision for our world’s sake and your own good."
Many people voiced their disagreement. Some even started booing but Paul ignored them and quietly walked away from the square.
Michael had expertly manipulated Paul's weakness and forced him to accept his terms. For now, he had secured a very important victory for Marcus. He gave a victorious smile on their way back towards Paul’s house. "I must say that was a job very well done. Now to maintain this truce you and your son will remain under house arrest. My troops will be guarding this town on my behalf. I am leaving behind some very capable commanders who will not hesitate to wipe out this whole town if they feel someone is not staying in line. I hope you will not give them a chance to do any such thing."
Michael got inside his vehicle. "You know I was quite disappointed. I thought you will not give in and I might get some action. Hopefully, I will have some action when I visit you the next time." Michael grunted and slammed the door of his car on his face.
Paul absently looked at him drive away. Like thousands of his followers, he just hoped that he had made the right choice.






Chapter Forty-One
A Masterstroke. And Another
Of all the human qualities, change of heart, the will to turn back on evil and embrace righteousness, is something one should firmly believe in.
Elisium.
5L 21/21/20/18
“Keep your eyes open and move very carefully.”
George ordered his men as they slowly began to move towards the Demon’s Entrance. It was an unusually warm day for this time of the year. Thankfully a cool breeze was blowing from the riverside which was helping everyone smother their jingling nerves. 
This was the first mission for the majority of George’s men. Since no enemies had left the secured perimeter very little action was expected here, but still there were tense faces and sweaty palms all around.
George had reluctantly agreed to approach their target from all four sides on David’s insistence. Originally he had planned to barge there through the main road which was maintained by Aden's army, but David was able to convince his father that if somehow enemies had sneaked out of their fortress, this direct assault could lead to heavy casualties. A more cautious approach might enable them to snare any enemies present there and also comb the perimeter for any traps. They finally agreed to sweep a mile’s radius around their target.
George led the unit that approached the Demon's entrance from the main highway and took Jennifer with him. He kept a close eye on his daughter He wanted her to get involved, but didn’t want her to take any risks just yet.
***
Jennifer was edgy right from the moment she disembarked from her truck. Something was bothering her but she was unable to pinpoint it. She kept anxiously looking at her surroundings for some clues and then she saw it. A jacaranda tree, with peculiar shades of bright blue and dark maroon flowers. This was the rarest variety of the fern tree and this sight sent her mind racing. Flashes from her visions flooded her mind. Jennifer knew what was about to follow. She had seen that in her visions. 
She halted in her steps and shouted, "Freeze. Don't move. Pass the message and tell everyone to stop right now. Don't even take a step. Quickly pass the message. Everyone, freeze." Jennifer was drenched in sweat and manically snapping her fingers. 
Everyone around her was startled by this sudden outburst, but they all knew that Jennifer knew things that they didn't. The message was relayed as quickly as possible and soldiers stopped their charge. George came near his daughter but before he could ask anything they heard a loud explosion. And then another. 
"Nooooooo!!!!!!" Jennifer sank to her knees and let out a cry of anguish. She exactly knew what had happened. 
One after another more than a dozen blasts rocked the riverbanks. All the chaos was happening on the other side of the river. Jennifer stood there staring helplessly at the clouds of smoke rising in the air and listening to the gut-wrenching shrieks that followed them.
You knew what will happen and still, that happened. What good are your powers?
Gradually the explosions stopped and there was an ominous silence that gnawed at the souls and haunted the hearts. No one spoke or moved, they just waited for news from the other bank with their hearts in their mouths.
About half an hour later, Jennifer saw her brother limping towards them. His left forearm was bleeding and his pants were drenched in blood.
“Oh my God! You look badly hurt.” George rushed to check on his son.
“I am alright, father. Just minor injuries.”
“What happened there?” Jennifer asked. 
“Before we could relay your message one of the soldiers blew up. Others around him panicked and started running headlessly causing more explosions. None of us had any idea what was triggering the blasts. I realized that something under our feet was blowing up so I ordered our men to halt in their tracks. Gradually everyone understood that this pandemonium was causing more casualties and they just froze. At last, some sort of order was restored.”
"Mines. I knew Christopher would be up to something. He turned this place into a damn minefield." Roger looked impressed with his former Commander.
Jennifer hid her face behind her palms. "Jennifer saw that in her visions but still couldn't save those soldiers."
George tried to calm her down. "Jennifer, you saved hundreds of lives. God knows what would have happened if not for your timely warning."
David agreed with his father. "Yes, only a couple of companies didn’t get your message on time and it led to such chaos. Just imagine the kind of mayhem that would have occurred if these mines had exploded simultaneously on every side. Hundreds would have been killed." 
Roger’s mind was running in a different direction. "We have to admit that this was a masterstroke from Christopher."
"You still seem to be in awe of your HighCommander," David said crinkling his nose.
"Acknowledging a master's genius helps you learn his art. If you want to outsmart him you have to first appreciate him."
George diffused the tension between the two. "Roger, since you understand him so much better, then you must know how to cross this maze he has laid out for us?" 
"These mines are interconnected and the only way to evade these mines is to avoid stepping on them. Even if you unearth these mines, they will explode if you try to disconnect them from the grid. So it is impossible to navigate this minefield without a detailed map."
"We must keep pushing through. Doesn't matter if we lose a few men, but we must reach the Demon's entrance." David was not in a mood to retreat.
"It would be mass suicide. We are still a mile away from our target. There could be thousands of mines inside this radius. Its density will increase as we move closer. We could end up losing hundreds of men." Roger mentioned the dangers of this plan of action.
George sat down on a rock in the corner of the road. He had to make a sensible decision here. Joseph, who was commanding the northern arm on the other side of the river, arrived at that moment. He had a badly bruised face, a bloody arm, and singed clothes.
"One of those things went off ten feet from me. It took out three soldiers and many others, including me, were blown off their feet. These things are everywhere. We can’t move forward. I have ordered my men to carefully fall back to a safe position."
"How many men did we lose?" George asked.
"More than sixty and counting. Around hundred seriously injured."
That count helped George make up his mind. "We can't knowingly lead our men into a death trap. We have to abort this mission. Order all our troops to retreat and report back to the Refuge."
***
David grabbed Darren by his collar the moment he entered the Conference room. "You scoundrel, you led us to that trap. That minefield."
"How would I know what is out there? Remember I don't have any contact with my army since you have captured me."
"This doesn’t look like a spontaneous idea. They didn’t cover such a huge radius overnight."
"Believe me I didn’t know about this. I just gave you a plan which I thought would be the best for you."
"You knowingly led us to this slaughter. If not for my sister's timely intervention, hundreds of our men would have been killed."
Jacob stopped the verbal battle. "Leave him alone David, what he suggested was the most logical thing to do. Whether he knew about the mines or not is a secondary issue, but first, we have to deal with the bigger problem."
"And what is that uncle Jacob?" 
"You know, the main issue is that our enemies are outsmarting us in our every move. We attacked the storehouse and they were waiting for us. Here at the Demon’s Entrance, they caught us napping. They made all the moves while we were sleeping on this opportunity and by the time we woke up, it was too late. If not for Jennifer's interventions both these incidents would have been absolute disasters."
"So my friend, what do you suggest we must do?" George asked.
"Christopher is your duplicate, George. He is winning the battle of brains right now but you know, your minds are copies. Just don his thinking-cap, guess what he expects you to do next, and then do something which he least anticipates you to do. It is time to turn the tables and give him a taste of his own medicine."
Joseph had another concern. "I don't understand one thing, how the hell did they reach the Demon's entrance? We were closely monitoring all their exit routes."
Jacob shrugged. "No idea. We were watching the routes of their vehicles so maybe they used some of the side exits, like the ones on the riverfront, and used some other modes of transport. There were no convoys so they must have sent small troops through some other ways."
"They have secured the Demon's entrance but their main units are still inside that secured perimeter. To receive the incoming troops, they will have to come out of there. Small units reached there quietly, but it won't be possible for large battalions to move that stealthily. This time we spread our web and cover all the possible routes. We wait for them to come out and then we attack." Jennifer proposed the next plan of action.
At that moment, Christopher’s thinking-hat had pulled out a trick in George’s mind. "Yes, that is spot on. We wait for them to come out and then we attack." George repeated Jennifer's words with a peculiar smile.
Christopher had caught him by surprise, and he must return the favor.
***
Christopher nervously glanced at the empty banks as his boat cut through the river. He expected bullets flying in his direction or Star-Rock pellets fired at his boats any time. Although he had thoroughly calculated his every move, he was still worried about something going awry.
The moment he got the news of the failed attack at the Demon’s entrance he halted all movements on the riverfront. His enemies so far had no clue about the river route, and he didn’t want to give away his secret before this major movement. He chose the darkest night of the month, on which neither of Elisium's two moons rose above the horizon, to reach his destination. He also ordered his boats to keep close to the opposite bank, as there wasn’t much surveillance on that side. Every boat was given a radio to warn others in case of an ambush.
If everything went well, Christopher expected to reach the Demon's Entrance around sunrise. Even if the enemies got the news of this movement, the odds were heavily stacked in his favor. First of all, the enemy troops would be scattered all around Elisium, guarding the land routes. To assemble and bring them to the riverfront would be an impossible task. Even if they somehow managed that, it would be very difficult for them to target the fast-moving boats in the pitch black of this dark night. Enemies didn't have automatic machine guns to target fast-moving objects and their current weapons were not suited for this type of combat. 
Christopher had calculated that, without any prior information, his enemies won't be able to do much about this movement. By the time they would think of any strategies, his troops will be home. Once they reach the center of the maze the minefield will keep them protected.
However, Christopher was only worried about one thing. Or one person, to be precise. That mysterious girl had the potential to mess up all his calculations. He just hoped that this time around he will have some better luck.
***
The village of Clovefield, being close to the enemy's security perimeter, was turned into a temporary base of David's army. A vehicle stopped near the army headquarters and Joseph jumped out of his vehicle and rushed towards the conference room.
"The movement has begun. They are moving on the river, using boats. Our scouts across the river spotted the movement."
Jacob tapped on his chair. "Christopher never ceases to surprise. I must admit that this is a pure stroke of genius. He has calculated that on the river, the odds are heavily in his favor."
"And he achieved this by using something which is quite common in Aden but has never been used in this world. The river route. That man has some great military acumen." Joseph joined his father in the Hail-Christopher chant.
Jennifer, who was having a little stroll with James saw Joseph and hurried towards the headquarters. "Joseph's mad dash makes Jennifer assume we have some news."
Jacob chuckled. "Getting over-excited is his childhood problem. The news is that the enemy is moving and we must get ready for the attack."
"How many of them are on the move?" David asked Joseph.
"More than four thousand. It's an estimate but a pretty good one."
"The more the better."
George sprang up from his chair. "We must hurry. David, get your lieutenants into action. Tell them to get the troops into their proper positions. Timing is crucial for the mission to succeed. The attack must be simultaneous and everyone should be in their precise places."
"Okay, we will get moving right away."
"And please fetch Roger and Darren for me."
David rolled his eyes. "For God's sake, you still trust that venomous snake. Even after he led us into a death trap."
"Son, of all the human qualities, change of heart, the will to turn back on evil and embrace righteousness, is something one should firmly believe in. I feel that happening in Darren. He has lived in Refuge and seen the misery his men have inflicted on our people. For any righteous soul, that should be a good enough reason to switch sides. Roger has turned and I think Darren will do the same."
Jacob voiced his support. "Well you know, he is the one with the latest inside information about the enemy strategies. The details he provided during the storehouse ambush were more accurate than those provided by Roger. Yes, we must remain cautious and shouldn't trust him blindly, but we need his help."
David shook his head, but there was no time for argument. He scrambled a couple of soldiers to call Roger and Darren.
***
The first lights of dawn eased Christopher’s nerves. They were very close to their destination, and within an hour so most of his troops will be inside the safe zone. He hadn't expected this movement to be so smooth. He just hoped for the last leg of this journey to get completed without any incident as well.
On the other side, David was nervously waiting for this daybreak. After a long dark night, this dawn could mark the beginning of a bright new day in the history of Elisium.
David had expected all his other units to reach their designated positions by now. This was by far their largest military exercise to date. The first real combat for most of his soldiers and the first time they might have to kill someone. For people with conscience, killing, even their worst enemy, doesn't come easy. He turned around to look at his men and their creased foreheads, anxious looks, and sweaty shirts showed him their inner turmoil.
David peeked out of the tunnel and signaled to his soldiers to follow him. They systematically rushed out and started to spread.  David’s heart raced when his men swarmed the deserted streets of the Ruins, but it turned out to be easier than expected. With every passing minute, George’s plan increasingly looked like a masterstroke
His father had promised to catch his counterpart by surprise, and this was going to be one hell of a thunderbolt.





Chapter Forty-Two
The Informer
A battle won, without a drop of blood being spilled, is the most astonishing victory
Elisium
5L 21/21/21/10
“Hell of a day and a never-ending night. Don’t know when will I get to see my bed.”
Commander Simon was trying to keep himself awake while sipping his eighth cup of coffee. He first supervised the shifting of boats from the yard towards the river, then saw off the convoy, and then assumed the command of the Ruins. With just around one-fifth of the total troops left behind to defend their fortress, he had to ensure that everything was in proper order.
Christopher had warned him that their enemies might try to breach one of their outer posts. After the attack on the storehouse, fortifications had been enhanced and more guns and canons had been deployed. Mines and traps had been laid down on roads leading to the Ruins. Anyone who tried to navigate these roads without proper directions would never make it to the city.
Simon had spent the whole night assigning his troops to different locations and was looking forward to retiring to his residence when one of his soldiers knocked the air out of his plan.
"What?" Simon furrowed his brow. "But how and why?"
"I don't know sir, but they are waiting for you in the command room." 
Simon rushed towards the command room. "Good morning HighCommander. When and why did you return from the Demon's Entrance?" Simon noticed that Deputy HighCommander Alfred and three other commanders were also with him.
Christopher’s eyes were darting all around the room. "I never made it that far. I got some crucial intel and decided to rush back to the base." 
"What intel Sir?"
"Enemies are planning to attack the Ruins and take control over our headquarters."
"I have increased the number of troops on all the outer posts. Shall we send more?"
"No. They will not attack from the outside, they will attack from within. They will use the tunnels."
"But we sealed the tunnels."
"Some of them. There are many more and they are going to use those unidentified passages."
"May I ask Sir, what is the source of this intel? Who is your informer?"
Christopher slammed his fist on the table. "Will you stop asking questions and let me act.” Simon was taken aback by this outburst. Christopher never lost his cool but today he was edgy. However, he quickly got hold of himself. “Sorry for shouting but we are short on time. Commander Darren escaped from enemy confinement and reached one of our outposts. He messaged me on my radio. Thankfully I was still in range when he radioed and I turned around to deal with this situation. Darren is in very bad shape and our soldiers will bring him to the Ruins as soon as he is okay to move."
"What shall we do now?"
"As per the info, they will attack all our outposts simultaneously to create a diversion. In the ensuing chaos, the enemies expect us to panic and send most of our troops towards the outposts and leave the Ruins defenseless. That is when they will attack it from within and take it over."
"Seems like a good plan."
Christopher nodded. "Yes, my friend. So first of all, we must disable all the automatic warning sirens. They will be deliberately targeting the security fences to trigger the alarms and cause panic amongst our troops. And the last thing we need is fear and anxiety."
Simon signaled to his officers in the command room and they switched off the IWS. Christopher then turned to Alfred. "Take a few officers and hurry to our weapon's store. Pick the weapons which I have instructed you to. We need fast guns for short-distance combat. We may be outnumbered, so our guns should scythe through our enemies like a knife scythes through butter."
Alfred rushed out of the room with three other officers. A red light started to flash on one of the electronic circuit boards.
"Distress signal from outpost number three," Simon said looking at the board.
Christopher started pacing around the room. "So boys, the diversion has begun. Simon, rush and alert all our officers. I want every single soldier to be present in the training ground in an hour. After creating these diversions, the enemies will wait for a couple of hours before attacking. They want us to send our troops to the outposts so that they can easily take over the Ruins. But what they don't know, is that we now know the locations of their underground tunnels. Before they come out, we will enter their holes and turn them into their graveyards.”
"Okay, sir. I will start assembling our troops right away." Simon saluted his HighCommander and rushed out of the room.
***
David was in charge of the ambush from one of the tunnels inside the Ruins. There would be other attacks, but his position was very critical. David's exit opened up in an alley inside what was once the Royal Mound. As per Darren’s information, the large clearing outside the Royal Mound was turned into the army training facility. Aden’s soldiers used the surrounding buildings for recreational activities, so they were mostly deserted at night. David's troops had to quietly secure these buildings without triggering any alarms.
David's marksmen had the exact location of the watchtowers and they sniped out four unsuspecting nightguards without any fuss. However, one of the guards on a distant tower spotted their movement. He sprung into action and pushed down on something. David expected the blaring noise of the warning sirens to disrupt the chill of the night, but nothing interrupted the blissful silence. The guard manically pressed again and again, to no avail. He grabbed his gun to shoot at his enemies, however, a bullet found his heart and another one pierced his head. David's snipers showed off their years of training and the poor guard didn’t even manage to fire a single shot.
David told his men to hurry up and take their positions inside the empty buildings as enemies would be filling this ground any time soon. While his troops secured the structures, David silently admired his father's master plan. After being outsmarted by Christopher twice, George thought like him and did the exact opposite of what he expected. 
The most logical thing for Elisians was to attack the convoy and stop them from reaching the Demon's entrance. But that would have led to an open field battle and Aden's army would have always had an upper hand in such an engagement due to their superior weapons. George made a calculated guess that owing to the Jennifer factor, Christopher would take most of his army to the Demon's entrance, leaving his otherwise extremely secured fortress, very thinly guarded. This was the best chance to stab the enemy in his heart. And David's army didn't just have the element of surprise, they were also up against tired minds and bodies. Most of Aden's soldiers had worked extra shifts to prepare for the massive movement and the last thing they wanted was to defend against a brutal attack.
David was however much more impressed by his father's most genius idea. If everything went as per that plan, there wouldn't be any further loss of life on either side. A battle won, without spilling a drop of blood, is the most astonishing victory. By the end of this day, they might be in control of the enemy headquarters, their defense structures, and most of their weapons. This would leave them in a much better position to tackle the additional troops arriving at the turn of the loop.
***
Christopher was waiting at the gate of the army headquarters when Simon hurried towards him.
"All the troops are present in the training ground waiting for your instructions."
"Have the weapons been distributed amongst them?"
"Commander Alfred is bringing the guns you requested from the weaponry. He will be there by soon."
Christopher nodded and then whispered something to one of his lieutenants. The lieutenant ran away in the opposite direction.
Christopher entered the training ground and climbed a small stage built in its corner for viewing the parades. Two people entered the ground from one of the buildings behind the stage and Aden’s soldiers let out a collective gasp upon seeing them. Commander Roger and Commander Darren climbed the stage accompanied by a few soldiers of David’s Army.
And then chaos landed a punch on the calm. Roger snatched a gun from one of the soldiers and shot Christopher from behind. Christopher who was looking the other way collapsed to the floor. Roger shouted at the top of his lungs, "He is not Christopher. He is George, his duplicate. Run. Take cover. You are surrounded by enemies."
 A complete pandemonium broke out at the training ground. Unarmed soldiers of Aden's army, who were standing in the middle of the ground, panicked and started running. David's men, who were positioned in the surrounding buildings, began shooting. The helpless soldiers tried to take cover, but there was no escape from death. The situation quickly turned into a hunting game. The shooters locked onto their targets, took their aims and the clueless prey had nowhere to go.
Jennifer rushed to check on her father who was lying on the floor and embraced him. "He has been shot in the back. Someone help him, please. He has been shot." Tears streamed down her cheeks.
George somehow managed to mumble through his labored breath. "Stop.. the .. firing.. don't .. kill .. unarmed.. men.. please.. dear.."
Jennifer got up and screamed, "stop the firing. Stop it." Her voice echoed around the ground, above the sound of gunfire.
David, who was on the opposite side of the ground, heard his sister and ordered his men to hold fire. The shooting stopped and the surviving soldiers of Aden gradually halted in their tracks. Everything came to a stand still. The running track at the ground had been painted red with blood. The gymnastic area was littered with bodies. A creepy silence gnawed at the souls. The only noise was the painful whimpers of the injured soldiers.
***
In the manic moments, after he shot George, one of the soldiers wrestled the gun out of his hand and held him down. Roger did not put up any fight. He had already achieved what he wanted.
But now he saw another opportunity. After the storehouse ambush, George had ensured that Jennifer was always surrounded by a ring of soldiers. It was almost impossible for anyone to target her. But in this shambolic situation, everyone had gathered around George and she had broken away from that protective ring. Once again, enemies had dropped their guard at a crucial juncture just like they had done during the time of Moses.
Jennifer was right in front of his eyes. Unguarded. All he needed was a gun.
Roger suddenly flipped around and punched the soldier holding him in the face. He was a master in hand-to-hand combat. Roger had given the impression of surrendering and this sudden assault startled his captor. In a quick motion, Roger grabbed his gun and aimed it at Jennifer. No one was even looking in his direction at that time.
He had already killed one Savior before. And he had just murdered the enemies’ army chief. Now if he took out Jennifer, it could be the final nail in their coffin. He could end this bloody war, right there, right now. The victory, for his world and its people, was only one shot away.
Roger leveled the gun and pulled the trigger.





Chapter Forty-Three
The Traitor
The bounds of duty should be unshackled when they start foraying into the realms of tyranny
Elisium
5L 21/21/21/10
“You cursed treacherous demon. You backstabbing monster.”
Darren lunged at Roger and started punching him. Everything had happened in a jiffy. He had been walking alongside Roger when he suddenly grabbed a gun and shot George. Darren was shaken by this unexpected move from Roger. He had always believed that Roger was genuinely on George's side. He had been helping them for seven years. But now that all seemed like a lie.
His head was still spinning when he saw Roger wrestle free from the soldier holding him, snatch his gun, and fire at Jennifer. But the bullet didn't hit her. Darren had never seen Roger miss an aim in his whole life, but somehow, he missed the most important target of his life.
Roger leveled his gun to shoot again. That is when the dawn of clarity chased away the darkness of confusion. Darren heard his inner voice. He knew what he had to do. He leaped across as Roger pulled the trigger, knocking him off his feet. The second shot didn’t even come close to Jennifer.
The sound of simultaneous gunshots caught everyone's attention. Before anyone could react, Darren pushed the gun away and kept landing blows after blows on Roger.
"Get off me, you moron," Roger shouted, "you just blew away our chances of winning this war."
"No. I just safeguarded the chances of some honorable men triumphing over perfidious devils." Some of the soldiers rushed towards them and pulled him away from Roger. They then pinned Roger to the ground and tied his hands behind his back
***
His father was counting his last breaths when David reached the stage. George put his hand on his head. "David's Army is now all yours. You are a true descendant of David, strong and courageous like him. It is quite apt that you lead these men in the biggest fight of their lives."
Jennifer was sitting near his head, glaring at the person who shot their father and tried to kill her as well. George called his daughter. "Jennifer, I have brought you to the gate of victory, but I won’t be able to see you through. You have to look after yourself. In your every step, just keep in mind that you are the only hope of this world. The future of millions depends on your actions. My girl, be brave and lead our people towards freedom and glory. And never drop your guard ever again."
George suffered a violent bout of cough. "Water." 
Jennifer quickly got on her feet. "Someone please bring some water. And where the hell are our medics?" 
Jennifer moved a little away to look for water and David’s father took this opportunity to say some important things to him. Every word seemed to drain the life out of him. "Son, don't make the same mistakes that our opponents made. Don't spill innocent blood. You don't want to save our people by killing thousands of other innocents. You reap what you sow. Don't sow hatred and anguish but sow love and mercy. Don't fight this war keeping grudges, but show compassion. Spare lives whenever you can. Remember life goes in circles and someday your acts of compassion will come back to your aid."
George gestured towards Jennifer. "Your sister is now your responsibility. She is a true heiress to Solomon and I have seen his fury in her eyes. We will need that fury to win this war, but we don't want her to turn whole Aden into the Ruins. Son, there might be times when you might have to reign her in. You have to be the ice to Jennifer's fire, or by the end of this war, all that will be left is ashes. Bring your ear close to me." 
David brought his ear close to his father's lips and he whispered a few words in them. "This might come to your aid. Use it during desperate times."
Jennifer came rushing back holding a water canteen. "We must shift you to the medical wing."
George gulped a sip of water and gave a wan smile. "A man knows when the time has come to meet his Creator. Maybe God wants me to see a free Elisium through your eyes. God bless you, my children. May he guide you both in your every step." George closed his eyes and tried to take a deep breath. His head rolled to his right and his body went limp.
Jennifer let out a cry of anguish. David just sat there, frozen like a statue. There was so much more he wanted to ask his father, but destiny didn’t give him a chance. He, in fact, no one in Elisium had ever imagined that they will have to fight this war without George. He was a father figure to the soldiers of David’s army and a beacon of hope for Elisians. His death had the potential to shake the very foundations of their belief. David was still struggling to come to terms with the fact that the immovable rock for all the storms had been washed away. That mighty pillar of calmness had fallen.
Joseph quietly sat down near David. "What should we do with these soldiers on the ground?"
"We do to them what they did to our soldiers when they surrendered on the riverbanks seven cycles ago." Jennifer was breathing fire.
David looked at his sister and saw the fury his father had just warned him about.
"You know very well why father planned this deception and put his life at stake by walking into the enemy’s den. There was no need for this decoy if he had wanted to slaughter them all. He wished to win the Ruins without a bloodbath and we must honor our father's last wish."
Jennifer was taking short sharp breaths and snapping her fingers. David stood up and walked to the front of the stage.
"Soldiers of Aden, you are not our enemies and we don't want to curse our mission by spilling unnecessary blood. Even if you escape this ground, two more units are waiting for you outside. This battle is lost. I David, chief of David's army, promise that no harm would be inflicted on those who surrender peacefully. I request you to cooperate and help us avoid bloodshed."
"Can you look over the surrendering process.”  David asked Joseph, “I have to take care of other urgent matters."
Joseph nodded.
David descended from the stage and grabbed commander Simon by his collar. "Let us go to the command room and get done with this battle."
David pushed Simon into a chair near the radio. "Order your soldiers at the outposts to surrender."
"I will do no such thing."
"I will send my men, dressed as your soldiers, in your vehicles and tell them to shoot down your men from inside. We used the same trick during the storehouse ambush and it worked perfectly. Don't get your men butchered needlessly."
Simon held his head in his hands, but in the end, took the microphone. "Attention, all the outposts. This is Commander Simon and I order all the units to stand down with immediate effect. Our headquarters at the Ruins has fallen. All our soldiers here have laid down their arms. This battle is lost and as your commander, I order you to stand down and surrender."
Arnold, the duplicate of Deputy HighCommander Alfred, snatched away the mike from Simon. "That was very precise. Thank you."
"You are Commander Alfred’s copy? What is your name?"
"Arnold. And let me introduce you to someone you would love to meet." Arnold clapped his hand and a man walked into the room. "I am pleased to introduce you to your duplicate. Smith."
Simon’s mouth fell open. Smith gave a placid smile. "George conceived this plan and put the identical features of our world to some good use. He thought that it would look more convincing if the duplicate of your HighCommander walked into the command room with at least four or five other officers. They could come to his rescue if he faltered somewhere. Darren identified more than ten members in our army who were copies of your commanders including me and Arnold, and trained us about your mannerisms and army codes."
Smith was interrupted by Joseph, who dragged Roger into the command room. Jennifer and Darren were behind him.
"The surrender is going smoothly," Joseph reported. "There is no resistance and the looters have resigned to their defeat. George's last plan worked perfectly. He spared both the parties a lot of dead bodies. And if not for this moron's heinous act," Joseph turned and kicked Roger in his gut, "we would have won this battle without spilling a drop of blood."
"How many were killed in the firing at the ground?" David asked.
"More than a hundred. Many others wounded as well."
"Allow the surrendering soldiers to do the final rites of their deceased brothers. Where are we going to keep our prisoners?"
"The buildings around the training grounds are being turned into temporary prisons."
At that moment, Jacob barged into the command room and leaped at Roger who was tied to a chair. "Why? Just tell me why? George trusted you so much."
"He committed the ultimate mistake of placing his trust in an enemy."
"Not in an enemy. He placed his faith in human conscience. In morals and values of our worlds. In a basic human virtue of choosing right over wrong. Well, it seems you have forgotten even the core fundamentals of humanity."
"This is war, Jacob. There is no right or wrong, only friends and foes. And these men are the enemies of my world."
"You know, I come from the same world, but I am fighting with the people of this world."
"Because you hold a grudge against your people. You want revenge. That is what drives you against us."
Darren stepped forward. "What about me Roger? I hold no grudge against our world. What is my reason for supporting these people? I am helping them because I have seen the sufferings, the despair, the miseries we have inflicted upon them. And so have you."
"You are a traitor. You use to call them filthy worms and now you are advocating about their plights?"
"George once told me, that of all the human qualities, a change of heart, the will to turn back on evil and embrace righteousness, is something one should firmly believe in. I will tell you about an incident. George once took me to the house of a martyred soldier. That family greeted me warmly, offered me coffee and it was only after I saw their younger son that I realized that this was the family of a soldier that I had killed in the Star-Rock farm incident. They knew very well that I was the person who had murdered their son. I was visibly shaken but then the old man told me something which I will remember for my life. 
“He said, 'don't worry son. We don't hold any grudge against you. You were merely following orders and doing your duty just as my son was doing his. The only difference is that your orders were to subjugate people, whereas my son was doing his bit to liberate them. Hopefully, someday you will realize that the bounds of duty should be unshackled when they start foraying into the realms of tyranny.' Tell me, Roger, somewhere along our journey in this world, haven’t we crossed the boundaries from being dutiful soldiers to becoming heartless tyrants?"
"Never occurred to me that you were a man with such an emotional depth. George tried such tricks on me, but it never worked."
"Tricks? What he showed us was the reality of this place. The naked truth. We keep saying that this world is under the shadows, but in reality, the souls of people like us have become dark. These people, despite their sufferings, are far more enlightened than us."
"I don't give a damn about these people. I am loyal to my world and my people, whom you have decided to betray."
"I am no traitor, but people like you are traitors to humanity. You, our king, and all those corrupt members of the Council."
Jennifer, who was silently hearing this conversation, had a question for Roger. "If you weren't on our side why did you help us? Why did you provide us information?"
"Help you? I never did that. I just gave your father some pretty basic information to win over his trust and that emotional fool began to trust me."
David got up from his chair and slapped Roger across his face. "He treated you like a friend. He looked after you despite all of us being against it."
"Yet he kept me locked in a room. Don't bother about showing me how much he cared for me, you are never going to convince me." Every eye in the room was glaring at Roger, but he was unmoved by all this hatred for him.
"I was always looking for a chance to backstab you. Do you know how a dozen army vehicles suddenly arrived at Star-Rock farms? Because I, while lying down to catch my breath, discreetly raised the alarms. That would have been a perfect escape for me and to top it off, I would have got all the big players arrested as well. The resistance would have died then and there."
"So why didn't you escape?" Jennifer asked, "why did you come back?"
"I came back because I witnessed your unbelievable powers. I realized that I could be of much more value to my world if I can further gain your trust, gather more information, and if I get a chance, finish you off just like I finished Moses. I would have done that today if my shot had not, quite inexplicably, missed the target. I even had a second chance, but this idiot Darren ruined that."
Jennifer snorted. "Even a thousand bullets wouldn't have hit Jennifer there. You think that you missed a chance of killing Jennifer, but actually, you stood no chance. The protective ring of soldiers around me was just to please my father, but in reality, Jennifer has learned to take care of herself. The biggest lesson we learned from Moses's death was to never drop our guard. Jennifer did forget that lesson once and lost Nathan, she was not going to repeat that mistake ever again."
Jennifer took a bullet out of her pocket and threw it on Roger. "Here is the thing you fired at Jennifer. It didn't miss her but dropped right at her feet. How? That you know very well. There are things you still don't understand. Powers that are way beyond your comprehension and they will get what they want. Your treachery and betrayal won't change the course of destiny."
"If you weren’t on our side, why did you warn me about the Demon's entrance?" David couldn’t still believe that his father had so badly failed to read Roger’s true intentions.
"I know the strategic importance of the Demon's entrance and was just trying to dissuade you from going there. If I had known about Christopher's genius trap, I would have advised you to charge there with all your troops and get blown away to pieces."
Everyone in the room recoiled at that statement. David’s bile rose to his throat. It wasn’t just Roger’s treachery that sickened him, but it was his absolute lack of remorse, that horrified him."Enough listening to his crap. Now tell me, what must we do to him?" 
Joseph had an idea. "I say we must take him to the training ground and shoot him in front of his men." 
"Jennifer has a better idea," Jennifer said interrupting him. "Jennifer has come to know that Roger is a descendant of Henry. Let us do to him, what his grandfather Henry did to our grandfather Nicholas, right in this city, seven cycles ago." 
She signaled to one of the officers. "Take him to the entrance of the ruins. That tree trunk, on which Nicholas was nailed and lashed, still stands there. Pinning him there would be such a poetic conclusion to this whole story."
Roger smirked. "You think this is the end?"
"No. It is the beginning of the end. You don’t know yet, but your brother Michael is preparing an army to attack us. This will finally end when I will pin Michael and your new king on the gates of Aurae and do this same thing to them."
David tried to reign his sister in. "Don't you think, torturing him will send out a wrong message to his soldiers?" 
"You showed them our compassionate side by letting them off, now let Jennifer show them our callous side so that none of them dares to revolt."
"You don't want to keep me alive," Roger hissed. "You better kill a venomous snake before it bites you."
"Don't worry, Jennifer will finish you off. But before that, she would like to play a little with her prey."





Chapter Forty-Four
The Turn of the Loop
Those who play with fire, most likely end up getting burnt
Aden
5L 21/21/21/14
"I want the forthcoming Celebrations of Freedom to be a grand affair just like the Celebrations of Unity." 
King Marcus, Queen-Mother Miriam, HighMinister Benjamin, and Commander Michael were seated around a table in the King's private meeting chambers. Queen-Mother was doing most of the talking. "Every village and town must send their representatives. We need to divert people's attention from Paul's gimmicks and show them that we have the power to protect them. And destroy them as well, if needed," She added after a brief pause.
"Yes, Queen-Mother," Benjamin replied, "the invitations have already been sent. All preparations are underway."
"Let us turn our attention to some more pressing matters," Marcus cut his mother short and turned his attention to Michael. "Whom should we entrust the reins of our forces. We must finalize a name so that we can get it approved by the Council in tomorrow's meeting."
"Christopher is a very shrewd Commander and he knows that world better than any of us. He is the most obvious choice to lead. His deputy Alfred is the fiercest young man I have seen and my brother Roger is also there to assist them. One of my most trusted commanders Brian will lead the troops from here and hand it over to Christopher. All the instructions we need to pass on to Christopher can be relayed through Brian. I think we have enough capable men there to carry out our plan if the Council’s delegation doesn’t interfere in their decisions."
"The delegation is made up of spineless fools. Christopher will have a free hand. And if things get nasty, we can always use Christopher and these idiots as scapegoats to pin the blame."
"How many troops are we going to send there?" Miriam asked the commander.
"Around twenty-three thousand men," Michael replied.
"Then what about Aurae?"
"I am sorry. I didn't get your point?"
"If I am not mistaken, Paul's son John has escaped the house arrest."
"Yes, a week ago. He wasn't happy with his father's truce agreement. They had an ugly spat and a public fallout. He disappeared from the house the very next day."
"And you bought into this story? Are you really that dumb?" Miriam's change of tone took Michael by surprise. "That apparent fallout was just an excuse to smuggle John out of the house. By staying there Paul has ensured that we don't go back on the truce and by sending out John he has made certain that his fire of rebellion spreads to every part of Aden."
There was a heavy silence in the room. It looked as if no one had even thought of this possibility.
"What do you think they are planning to do?" Marcus broke the silence and asked his mother.
"If I would be Paul, I would attack and take over Aurae, right after the Celebration of freedom. Most of our troops would be gone to the other world, our defenses would be down and it would be easy to assemble all his men inside Aurae on the pretext of these Celebrations. This would be their golden opportunity."
"What do you suggest we do now?" Michael’s gaze was fixed on his mother.
"Hold back some troops, around seven to eight thousand, to defend Aurae. It will be useless to win another world there if we lose this one here. Heighten the security on every entrance of Aurae. Turn it into an impenetrable fortress. All the walls and fences, that we built around Aurae in the last seven years to defend against the foreign enemies, might help us against our own people."
"Then what about the Celebration of Freedom? How will we conduct it amidst such tight security?" Benjamin asked.
"Turn these festivities into a display of our military might. These Celebrations must take place under the shadows of the weapons. People should sense that our soldiers are always there. Waiting to pounce on them. Make a few public arrests and even thrash a few commoners. During these festivities, we must send out a loud message that whoever crosses the line will not be spared. Fear is the biggest weapon and we must instill our fear in people's minds."
"There will be thousands of people arriving for these celebrations. What if John's men plan some secret attack during these days. How should we tackle that?" Marcus asked his mother.
"We must check every vehicle entering Aurae and ensure that no unauthorized weapons are smuggled in. No weapons mean no attack. Since Michael isn't going to Tenebra, he can surely look after the defenses of Aurae, as the newly appointed Minister of Security."
"It will be an honor Queen-Mother," Michael said respectfully bowing his head.
"Even if they already have weapons inside Aurae, they won't be expecting such a huge army presence. They must be thinking that we are sending all our troops away, however, they will be surprised to see thousands of soldiers still here. If they try something silly even after that, it might be actually good for us. Michael, I want you to thwart any such attempt as brutally as you can. Make it a spectacle, so that it serves as a precedent for others."
Michael nodded.
"Michael, in tomorrow's Council meeting I will pass a decree to designate a force of seven thousand men to protect Aurae and will appoint you as the Minister of security. Make sure you pick some of your most ruthless and intimidating officers to scare the commoners," Marcus announced.
Benjamin came up with another niggling question. "Your Highness, don’t you think that holding back so many men will jeopardize our mission in Tenebra?"
"We already have a few thousand soldiers there and with these reinforcements, there will be more than twenty thousand men in Tenebra. If they can't pull it off with that many men, then a few thousand additional soldiers won't make much of a difference. And besides that, just as my mother said, there is no sense in winning that world if we lose this one."
"One last question, what am I supposed to do about Paul?" Michael asked.
It was Miriam who answered that question, with a sardonic smile spreading across her face. "He is trying to spread the fire of rebellion in Aden. And those who play with fire, always end up getting burnt." 
***
The turn of the loop arrived with a bang. The thunderstorms rumbled on, the ground kept shaking and lightning bolts regularly lit up the dark skies. But it didn't stop the Celebration of Freedom. Sixteen thousand soldiers were about to depart to the dark world to face familiar, but the so-called hideously unknown enemies.
All the feasts and festivities took place under a looming shadow of fear. There were numerous check-points, relentless patrolling, and surprise raids. Armed soldiers towered over the crowds at every place and anything out of the line was swiftly dealt with. The regime’s efforts to impose its authority over the people were blatantly evident. Dread and gloom lurked behind this cheerful mask of celebration.
The arrangements were top-notch and so was the security set-up. Michael's soldiers made their daunting presence felt everywhere. No major incident was reported during the functions. Marcus knew that after the ceremony people will return to their towns and spread the word about the strong defense mechanism of Aurae. Rebels will have second thoughts if they were thinking of anything adventurous. Everything had gone as per the plan and now he was eagerly waiting for the news he had expected to hear.
***
John had called a meeting of his supporters in his hideout inside Aurae.
"We weren't able to smuggle enough weapons. And with such a large number of troops inside Aurae, we can't go through with our plan of taking over the Council." 
One of his men entered the room and whispered something into his ears. John slammed his fist on the table and let out a cry. "I asked him to leave with me. I knew they would do something like that. But he was too worried about the people of his town. He didn't want to give Marcus a reason to slaughter them."
"What happened?" asked one of his men.
"Father was killed in a so-called accidental fire in our house. Burned to death. We all can guess how that accident happened. I swear by the soul of my father, I will make Marcus pay dearly for this. I will make sure that he and his filthy supporters are wiped out from the face of this world and their palaces are burnt to the ground."
***
Marcus stood on the balcony of his room and looked at his beloved city. Thunderstorms were lashing out at Aurae but Marcus’s mind felt an absolute sense of calm. The rainwater drenching his body felt like bliss. A situation that had threatened to spiral out of control was back under his leash. His biggest opponent was dead, Aurae was turned into a fortress, and the commoners were scared of his army. Things couldn’t have been better for Marcus. Although Paul’s death was made to look like an accident, Marcus had ensured that everyone knew that it wasn't. Through this move, he had sent out a clear signal that he wasn’t going to spare his opponents. No one now had the guts to point a finger at their king.
The turn of the loop had indeed arrived with a bang.
Both Elisium and Aden were ready to face off.
The Dance of Two Worlds was about to reach an enthralling climax.
***
Elisium
6L 1/1/1/1
Jennifer was unable to sleep the night before the first day of the new loop. The time of reckoning was there. The days, for which generations after generations of Elisium had eagerly waited, had finally arrived. 
She walked to the bridge of faith just before the sunrise. With the first rays of the sun, The Abyss of Unknown magically appeared beneath the bridge. Since this site was inside the security perimeter of Aden's army, no one from the current generation of Elisium had ever seen this majestic sight.
David joined his sister on the bridge ."I hope you are not thinking of jumping into it right now. We have some unfinished business here before we leap."
Jennifer’s eyes were moist. "Just remembering father. He always dreamt that one day, when he had vanquished the enemies and freed our world, he will stand on this bridge and stare into the eye of this Abyss. "
"He will look at the Abyss through your eyes, but for that to happen we have to first take care of our enemies."
Jennifer nodded. "Jennifer assumes, as we stand here and talk, our enemies will be jumping into the other whirlpool. Are you sure about father's strategy of waiting for them to come to us?"
"If what you saw in your visions is correct and Aden is sending a huge army, then our best bet is to ensnare them in their own trap."
"So, is everything in place?"
"Yes almost. And we still have a couple of days to make further preparations. Simon hasn’t been cooperative, but his duplicate Smith has been a revelation. He, posing as Simon, convinced many of his men to follow our orders and help us rejig their maze. And Darren’s inside knowledge has proved invaluable to us in devising our strategies."
"You must remain cautious. We cannot afford another stab in the back. The last wound we got will never heal." Jennifer's eyes again brimmed with tears as she remembered her father.
"Well, since you have mentioned that, don't you think you have had enough with Roger. It's been ten days since we buried our father."
"No. We never knew how long they kept our grandfather Nicholas pinned to that trunk. Roger deserves every bit of what he is getting and Jennifer is not letting him go."
David understood there was no point in arguing with his sister on this topic. "I think you should have some rest. We might have some grueling days ahead"
"Don't worry brother, Jennifer is alright. She is just conserving her energy to unleash it when required."
***
Christopher was overseeing the arrival of new troops. Everything so far had gone smoothly without any disturbances, yet too much of this calm was also unnerving him. He knew his enemies had men, weapons, and a miracle girl who can shoot lightning bolts. One failed attack wasn't going to break their spirits. Christopher had no way to know what was happening outside his maze. All he could do for now was to wait and wish.
He was at least relieved by the fact that the Council had heeded his warnings and sent him a very large reinforcement. With this much manpower and weapons, he should be able to quell the rebellion and restore order in this world. But first, they had to reach their fortress and that could be the trickiest part.
It took two days to pull all the supplies out of the river. The weather was relentless, but nothing was going to stop the biggest army of Aden from conquering Elisium. The face-off of the two worlds was now imminent. The two sisters were ready to pounce on each other.
On the third day of the new loop, they were finally ready to move. Christopher suspected their enemies might attack them on their route back towards the Ruins. Their convoy, consisting of hundreds of vehicles, was an easy target. Alfred headed the convoy, whereas Christopher with commander Brian stayed in the middle. He ordered all his troops to remain on high alert.
Brian handed over the reins of the troops to Christopher and spelled out the instructions sent by King Marcus. He made it very clear that the whole purpose of this mission was to enable Marcus to rule Elisium in every sense. He wanted all the resistance to be uprooted and this whole world, with all its people, to fall under his dominion. Aden's superiority must be firmly imposed over Elisium once and forever.
Brian told Christopher that Marcus had given him a free hand and he can go to any depths to achieve this goal. Marcus wanted to break the wheel of transition if it existed and Christopher had to do this dirty job, whatever be the cost.
The convoy moved at the best possible speed for such a behemoth. Christopher kept checking his radio, expecting to catch something on it, however, the ghostly silence and the spooky calm kept him on the edge. He jumped at any little noise, but nothing happened at all. He felt like tearing his hair apart thinking why haven’t Elisians made a move yet. What, in God's name, were they waiting for?
At dawn the next morning, Christopher’s eyes lit up when he saw the large gate of outpost number three in front of him. Half of his troops had already entered the fortress without any incident and those remaining will be soon inside as well.
Christopher breathed a huge sigh of relief. Maybe he had overestimated the powers of his enemies. They might have been good enough to carry out random ambushes but not capable of fighting a full-fledged war. He thanked the Almighty for getting spared from having more blood on his hands.
Simon’s voice crackled over the radio. "Welcome HighCommander. We have been eagerly waiting for you."
That was the signal.
On cue, the calm dissipated and a storm engulfed them all.
Christopher's worst fears sprung to life as his hopes suffered a crushing blow.
After all, losing a battle, with victory in sight, is the most excruciating defeat.





Chapter Forty-Five
The Minefield
When angels or demons fight the wars of men, it only leads to destruction
Elisium
6L 1/1/1/3
"Freeze. All vehicles freeze." 
Alfred grabbed the radio and shouted as his driver pressed hard on the brakes and their truck came to a screeching halt. Alfred was in the front seat of the third vehicle at the head of the convoy. He had been awake the whole last day because he knew that during any crisis, his troops' safety might depend on his prompt actions. Once his vehicle entered the secured perimeter, he dropped his guard and dozed off. 
A loud blast shook him up. He opened his eyes to see one of the two vehicles in front of him go up in flames. Before he could react, the second vehicle blew up as well.
"What the hell? Did those morons drove over our mines?" Alfred asked his driver.
The driver pointed to the map in front of him. "No sir. We are strictly following the map. There shouldn't have been any mines in this area at all."
Alfred had a long hard look at the map. "I told Commander Christopher that laying down mines inside our fortress is idiotic. I knew we will end up shooting ourselves in the foot. It seems our mapping department forgot to mark these mines. Tell everyone to stay put till I sort this out." Alfred then shouted on his radio. "Units Alpha four and Alpha five, get down and check on the damaged vehicles."
Soldiers from two trucks jumped out of their vehicles and moved towards the corner of the road. The moment they stepped sideways, there were simultaneous explosions on both sides of the convoy. Tens of soldiers were blown away.
These blasts made it loud and clear to Alfred that this was no blunder from their side, rather the enemies had somehow breached their fortress and tampered with their maze. Before Alfred could think of some plan of action, the vehicle adjacent to his truck blew up. There was another explosion behind him. And another. Alfred helplessly looked around to see vehicles around him go up in flames. His feet grew cold when he realized that their convoy was stuck on a road in the center of a large field and their enemies, hiding in these fields, were targeting Aden’s vehicles with their very own anti-vehicle guns.
And then Alfred's eyes fell on someone and a chill went down his spine. He had heard about the mysterious girl from the soldiers who had survived the storehouse ambush. That girl was now standing on a small hillock on the left side of the road, merrily shooting lightning bolts at his convoy. Alfred rubbed his eyes and his mouth fell wide open. The thing that shocked him wasn’t the thunderbolts, but rather the utter ease from which she was able to shoot them. It all looked like a child’s play for her. She was calm, composed, and didn’t even break a sweat while annihilating his troops.
The armored trucks, and most of their interiors, were made of solid metal to make them sturdy. She used this fact to her advantage and electrocuted his soldiers right inside their vehicles. The ominous thunderstorms were making her job easy. A tremendous amount of energy was present in the atmosphere and all she had to do was to direct it at specific targets. And there were abundant targets in front of her.
Alfred had to think on his feet and try something out of the box. If his men remain hidden behind the trucks this girl was going to fry them all inside their vehicles. Alfred grabbed his radio. "Attention, all the units inside the security perimeter. Our enemies are hiding in the fields on either side of the road. Charge at them and finish them off."
At that precise moment, the girl’s gaze fell on Alfred’s truck that was still standing amidst the burning debris. Their eyes probably met for a split second before Alfred opened the door and jumped out of his truck. On cue, a lightning bolt hit the vehicle and his driver was electrocuted in front of his eyes.
Aden’s soldiers rushed out of the trucks and started to move towards the fields. One after another, there was a series of explosions. An intricate maze had been laid down for Aden’s army, like the one they had laid down for Elisians at the Demon's Entrance. Unlike their enemies, Alfred's men knew a thing or two about the mines, but the incessant firing from the opposite troops, who were hiding in the tall grass behind the minefield and the mystery girl’s thunderbolts, clouded their thinking. They kept tripping on mines, and every explosion added more fuel to the chaos and panic.
It was pretty evident that every single mine that Christopher had scattered around the secured perimeter, had been relocated on either side of this road. To counter their enemies, Alfred's men had to cross an ocean of explosives and they were making an absolute mess of this task. Elisians had timed their attack to perfection and quite literally caught them napping. After entering the secured perimeter most of Aden’s soldiers had dropped their guards and were dozing off when this assault began. Their sleepy minds and exhausted bodies got rattled by this sudden attack and they weren't able to make sensible choices. 
Alfred had a huge army and much better weapons. The situation was grave but he could still win this. However, he had to first rein in the pandemonium. He sent out a message to his fellow commanders to stop the charge and hold on to their positions. Once the commotion had settled, Alfred studied the fields around him. Enemy soldiers were about thirty meters away, so obviously there were no mines beyond that point. Some of his earlier units that had charged at the enemies, despite suffering heavy casualties, had reached very close to that safe zone. There was a bloody trail left behind by these units.
An idea then popped up in Alfred’s mind. Rather than charging from every direction, if his men followed these trails they will be able to navigate through the minefield and reach the safe area. Most of the mines on these trails had already blown up, so now they can use them as tracks to breach the enemy lines. Once beyond the danger zone, they can spread out and surround their enemies. With their greater numbers and better weapons, they will always have an upper hand over their enemies on a neutral battlefield.
He asked his commanders to charge through such trails. Although there was incessant firing from the other side, Alfred's men had now regrouped, their military instincts had kicked in, and they were fully focused.
Many such patches of exploded mines were identified on both sides of the road and Aden's army started to forge ahead into the fields through these gaps. There were a few more explosions, but Alfred’s men made a swift advance and now their enemies were under pressure.
At last, Aden’s army broke into the safe zones on either side of the road. They charged at David's army who began to retreat towards the dense forests behind these fields.
Alfred ordered his men to shoot the fleeing enemies. David’s army neither had the numbers nor weapons to match Alfred’s troops and they started to fall in heaps. The element of surprise had weathered off. The tide had once again turned towards Aden.
***
Jennifer was looking at these scenes from her position. She saw her brother's plan work magnificently for a while but then spectacularly fall apart. 
Firebolts won’t be enough now. You need some miraculous divine intervention. However, give your men a few minutes to reach the forest and take cover before you do anything.
She closed her eyes and her fingers started snapping. The thunderstorms had already made life difficult for Aden’s army, but now the winds, blowing at unfathomable speeds, made their advance even more difficult. When she opened her eyes she saw that the enemy commander was very close to the forest when one of the officers moving alongside him pointed at something to his left.
Even from a distance, Jennifer could see the look on his face. His eyes became wide and all color left his face when he saw a massive tornado rushing towards them. And that was not all. Another tornado was dashing towards his troops on the other side of the road as well.
Most of Aden’s soldiers had by now seen these natural weapons of mass destruction. They tried to run, take cover, but the twin tornadoes swiftly swooped down upon them like angels of death. They caused massive destruction in the fields, on either side of the road. They darted left and right as if controlled by a remote and swept anything that came in their path. Vehicles, soldiers, trees, and bushes, the twins blew everything away. 
They dropped some of the soldiers and vehicles, over the remaining mines triggering more explosions. For what seemed like ages, the twin tornadoes performed the dance of doom, moving back and forth, taking violent turns, wreaking havoc with every step. As if they had a mind of their own, they looked hellbent on destroying everything present in those fields.
When Jennifer summoned the tornadoes, she didn't know that she could control them with such precision. She was able to maneuver them like a puppeteer controls his puppets through the strings. 
Left and Right. Front and Back. Wow, this is fun, making these criminals fly like blades of grass and then bringing them crashing down to the earth. Let them feel some of the pain they have inflicted on your people. Their broken bodies will remind them of the hopes they crushed in this world.
By the time Jennifer was done, that whole area was an absolute wreck. Aden's vehicles were scattered all around the field. All their men were sprawled on the ground after being twisted and turned most violently. Their bodies were fractured, but alongside that, their spirits had been shattered beyond repair.
Alfred himself was thrown from a height and broke his back. He couldn’t feel his lower body and was unable to move. He had done everything he could. He had regrouped his men, was on the charge and might have even won if Jennifer hadn’t intervened.
There was no way anyone can prepare for such mayhem. And if this continued, there was no way anyone was going to stop this.
When angels or demons start fighting the wars of men, it only leads to destruction.
And that destruction had just begun.
***
A couple of hours ago, Simon had come down from his post to greet Christopher and Brian at the gateway. 
"Everything going well?" Christopher asked Simon.
"As smooth as Elisian silk," Simon replied. "I think you should come upstairs and have a look at our unending convoy, from our new watchtower and the command room."
Christopher had constructed high watchtowers on every outpost after the attack on gateway number five. These towers were heavily fortified, contained a small command room with all the latest communication equipment, and offered sweeping views of the terrain around them. 
"I am tired and just want to reach the headquarters as soon as possible." Christopher wasn’t in a mood for any delays.
"Five minutes won't harm that much. And I am sure our new Commander might love to have some glorious views of our world."
"Okay let us go up there and have a quick look." 
They had a 360-degree view of the area around them through large glass panels fitted on all sides of the command room. About two-thirds of the convoy had already entered the secured perimeter.
Once Christopher was inside the room, Simon said into the radio. "HighCommander secured. Let us begin the show."
Before Christopher could ask Simon what was that all about, the person on the other side of the radio activated the mines. Christopher jumped up from his seat when he saw a couple of his vehicles go up in flames. "What the hell is happening here?"
Four soldiers quietly leveled their guns at Christopher and Brian. "Easy HighCommander," Simon hissed,  "I just want you as collateral. But I won't mind blowing up your head if you force me to."
"What in God's name are you up to Simon?"
"Not Simon. I am Smith. I thought you must have guessed that by now. All these men are soldiers of David's army. Your headquarters in the Ruins and all your outposts have been taken over by us. And I would like to add that your soldiers in this convoy are in some serious trouble."
"You are making a huge mistake. You will never win against Aden's army. This is plain suicide," Christopher shouted and rushed towards the glass panel only to see two more trucks exploding.
Smith smirked and signaled to his men sitting at the controls. "Raise the volume of their radio channel. Let him hear the triumphant roar of his soldiers. Or are they desperate cries?"
For the next half an hour, Christopher saw and heard his troops getting wiped out. There was complete pandemonium and they were losing men by the seconds. At last, he heard Alfred taking control of the situation. His men regrouped and gradually gained the upper hand.
Christopher gave Smith a death stare. "Your surprise is over. Now my men will run all over your people. Believe me, you can't win this. Your men neither have the skills, nor the numbers, nor the weapons. The more you fight, the more blood will be spilled. Trust me, I don't want that. I want to avoid a bloodbath."
Smith curled his lips. "Spoken truly like the son of Olivier. Do you remember who first spilled innocent blood in this world? This talk of avoiding bloodshed doesn't suit you. Your great-grandfather won't be too proud of you."
"You might not know this, but it is because of Olivier that the true heir of Solomon is today present amongst you. It was he who protected Samuel's children from getting slaughtered. When Olivier died, he made his sons take an oath to keep looking after Solomon's descendants and also take care of this world. He tried to make amends for his crimes by making this arrangement. Because of this vow generations after generations of our family have served as HighCommanders of this base to try and safeguard the interests of your people as much as they could."
"Safeguard our interests? By tyrannizing our people?” Smith scowled.
"For years my predecessors and I have tried our best to stop the regime from carrying an all-out attack on your people and turning them into slaves. We have also encouraged our soldiers to spread the stories of exploitation in this world amongst the Adeners so that they sympathize with you and push the regime to stop this oppression. And believe me, there is a massive wave of sympathy in Elisium’s favor. In a few years, the regime will be forced to pull back its troops. But this armed rebellion will crush the chances of a peaceful retreat.” 
“You and your predecessors have brutally killed hundreds of our men and you expect me to believe that you are our well-wisher?"
“We have only killed the rebels to stop the rebellion from spreading into the civilians. I have seen the might of Aden and I know you can't win. This resistance will only lead to rivers of blood and thousands of innocents getting butchered."
"You already started the butchering at the Demon's entrance."
"I laid down that minefield to avoid a direct battle. Thousands of soldiers would have died on both sides if that had happened. Yes, a few of your men were killed, but that did help us evade a full-fledged war. Try and understand, I am trying to save both our worlds."
"Just tell me how are you trying to save us by killing us? You even tried to kill Jennifer during the ambush of the storehouse."
"Yes, I tried to kill her because I thought that was the best way to stop this war. For generations, we have protected the heir of Solomon, but in the current scenario, killing her seemed the best thing to do. We are very close to a peaceful resolution. Believe me, very soon Aden’s rulers will have to give in to public pressure, call back their army and help your people rebuild their world. But your Savior is leading you to destruction by inspiring you to fight and when a Savior turns into a destroyer, he must be sacrificed."
"I think your ancestors promised something on similar lines. Helping us develop our world. Do you think we will buy into this crap once again?"
"I know it is hard for you people to trust us, but look outside. See the fate of your soldiers. You don't stand a chance if you keep on fighting."
Smith suddenly broke into a wide grin. "I think it is time for you to see the fate of your soldiers"
Christopher looked out of the glass panels and saw the twin tornadoes. He helplessly watched the twins twirl in the fields, grinding his army into the dust. His troops inside the secured perimeter were pulverized. 
There was a spooky calm after the tornadoes disappeared. Soldiers of David's army, who had made it to the forest before the tornadoes struck, came out to take stock of the situation. The remaining troops of Aden held their breaths and waited inside their vehicles. 
The status quo was disturbed by a sequence of bangs. A series of lightning bolts struck Aden's vehicles that were waiting outside the gateway. Christopher saw her from the watchtower. The mystery girl, standing on the balcony above the gateway, was frying his men. This series of lightning was so quick that it gave his rattled soldiers no time to react.
Christopher sank to his knees. "Stop her. Please stop her. I'll ask my men to surrender. Just don't kill them like this."
"That is precisely why we have brought you up here. Order your men to drop their weapons inside their vehicles and come out with their hands raised above their heads. You do this and I will go and stop her," Smith said offering him the microphone
Christopher grabbed the mic. "This is HighCommander Christopher. All troops stand down. Everyone drop your weapons inside the truck and come out with your hands raised above your heads."
"Keep an eye on him," Smith ordered his men and dashed out of the room.
***
David reached Jennifer before Smith. "Jennifer stop. Christopher has ordered his troops to surrender."
But it did not affect her. She was too engrossed in electrocuting her enemies.
David rushed towards his sister and shook her. "Jennifer please stop! It's over. We have won."
Jennifer was in a trance of unbridled rage. She looked at her brother. "We can't win this till all our enemies are dead."
"They are not the enemies. They are just soldiers following orders. Our true enemies are their masters, who are sitting pretty in that other world. We have to finish them off and for doing that we have to end this war."
"We can't let all these soldiers just walk away like that. We must finish them off when we have a chance."
"Remember what our father said, we need to break the cycle. They kill, we kill, it goes on forever. We need to spare lives when we can. That is the only way to break this vicious circle."
David turned his sister’s attention towards Aden’s soldiers, who had started milling out of their vehicles with their hands raised above their heads. "Just look at them. They look helpless. This is our chance to show them that we are not like them. This is our chance to show mercy."
Jennifer watched the clueless soldiers.
Their faces tell you the story, Jennifer. All fight has been knocked out of them. They have resigned to their fate. The battle is well and truly over. Now it's time to honor your father’s last wish.
Jennifer closed her eyes and took a deep breath. 
This battle is won and now it's time to prepare for the last war.
But then some foolish soldiers of Aden went for glory.
And their pursuit of glory brought doom.





Chapter Forty-Six
The Leap of Destiny
When history is being made, even the elements halt in their tracks to bear witness to the spectacle
Elisium
6L 1/1/1/3
"Jennifer told you that they will keep plotting against us till they are alive. Can you see it now or are you still blinded by your compassion?" 
A raging fury was burning in Jennifer’s eyes. She and David were looking towards the fields to try and gauge the destruction caused by the twin tornadoes, with their backs towards the surrendering soldiers of Aden, when the sounds of few simultaneous gunshots pierced the silence.
Jennifer turned around. Tens of bullets, aimed at her, stopped inches from her body, and limply fell to the ground. Presumably, a unit of Aden’s soldiers had acted on its own and decided to take down their biggest enemy. They kept firing but nothing touched her. An invisible divine shield was protecting her from these attacks.
"The last thing Jennifer’s dying father told her was to never drop her guard and she heeded to his advice. And now she will make you all pay for your deceit." Jennifer closed her eyes and her fingers started snapping. Her forehead radiated the darkest shade of pink. Whatever was about to come was going to be devastating.
"Jennifer has got bored burning them. Now it's time to bury them."
She opened her eyes and stretched her hands in front of her body. She glared at the ground and it began to shake. There had been constant tremors since the beginning of the loop, but this was something unprecedented. Waves rippled across the ground as if it was a choppy sea. Soldiers of Aden were tossed around as if they were caught in a tsunami. And then the ground caved in. Hundreds of Aden’s soldiers and their vehicles were consumed by Elisium.
Jennifer was wild rage personified. She was hell-bent on burying every single one of them alive. This was a desperate moment and David rushed to his sister. He brought his lips near her ear and whispered a chant.
Her brother's voice reached Jennifer. She felt someone pulling her out of her trance. She wanted to stay there and punish the monsters who wanted to destroy her and her world, but her brother's voice kept tucking at her soul. There was a struggle going on within her, between Jennifer and the Super-Transitioner. There was excruciating pain and she thought her body will split in two, but a sudden bliss took over the agony and Jennifer finally passed out into the calm of nothingness.
***
James was sitting at Jennifer’s bedside when she opened her eyes. He kissed her on the forehead. "Welcome back."
Her head was still throbbing. "What happened out there?"
"You were turning this whole world upside down when you suddenly collapsed."
"David chanted something into Jennifer’s ears and she felt as if someone was trying to tear her apart." Jennifer had vague memories of what happened before she passed out.
James uncomfortably shuffled in his chair. 
"Blurt out what you want to say. You look terrible when you try to hold back your thoughts." Jennifer teased her husband.
"To be honest, I think you went a little too far with your powers there. I don't know how David managed to do that, but if he hadn't reigned you in, only God knows what you would have done."
"Was Jennifer that bad?" 
"You almost turned half of the Elisium upside down."
"Jennifer used those tornadoes to save our soldiers. And she buried those men, only after they tried to attack us after pretending to surrender. So, tell me where did she go wrong?"
"Can't blame you for your actions. The people of that world have broken our trust multiple times and today they did it again. But you can't punish everyone for the mistakes of a few. A line has to be drawn somewhere."
"The people Jennifer killed weren't some innocent clueless citizens. They were soldiers who voluntarily signed up for this mission. Elisians wanted their enemies to be annihilated so Jennifer can’t understand what all this fuss is about?"
"Just to clarify, many of these soldiers didn't voluntarily sign up but were forced to join Aden's army. In war, there is no other option but to kill your enemies, however, you must also know when to stop." James paused for a moment to clear his throat. 
"Just speak what you want to say." 
"Jennifer, those who fight against oppression, when they stop reviewing their actions and start justifying them, they end up becoming tyrants themselves. There is a very fine line separating a true warrior and a heartless despot."
"And you think Jennifer crossed that line?" Jennifer asked although she knew the answer.
At that moment David entered the room and saved James from the awkwardness.
"How is my little sister doing?"
"Look who is asking. You almost split Jennifer in two, by whatever you whispered in her ears."
David had a sheepish look on his face. "Jennifer, you must understand…"
Jennifer cut him short, "It is okay brother. Jennifer’s loving husband has already called her a tyrant…"
"I didn't say that," James interrupted Jennifer but she ignored him. 
"Jennifer doesn't have an appetite for hearing something on similar lines from you. But can you tell her what did you whisper in her ears? Who taught you that?"
"Father taught me those words during his last moments. He said it might help me rein you in when nothing else works. Some old man, dressed in royal clothes, taught him those words in his dreams."
Jennifer guessed who the old man might be. "Grandpa Adam just can stop invading people's dreams. Now since you both are the ones closest to Jennifer, he may be visiting you anytime soon," she added with a smile. "Now dear brother, can you tell Jennifer what happened after she passed out."
"Christopher had already ordered his men to surrender before some of those fools tried to shoot you. In response, you buried about fifty vehicles and everyone around them. Once the others saw what happened to their comrades, no one tried anything stupid. From then on it was a smooth surrender."
"And what about those in the fields?"
"The twins killed hundreds and left thousands with fractured bones and broken limbs. Hundreds were blown away by our troops and the mines. Christopher and Brian are trying to ascertain the total damage but I think more than a couple of thousands are dead and many more heavily injured. Our medical units and theirs, are trying to patch up the injured, but none of them expected such mayhem. To say that they are overburdened will be an understatement."
"Where are we keeping the prisoners?"
"A large portion of the Ruins has been turned into a prison."
"Will we be able to look after so many prisoners? Won't they try and revolt if they get a chance?
David gave a gentle smile. "You have knocked every single ounce of the fight out of them. They neither have the will nor any strength left to battle against you. And when there is no hope or will, there is no chance of a miracle. Don't worry about them sister, they are going to do nothing." 
David had a close look at her and a few wrinkles formed on his forehead. "I hope you will be fit soon. We have to leave for Aden as early as possible."
"Jennifer just has some weakness. A good night's sleep is all she needs. Her dear husband has a penchant for medicines as well. She is sure he will whip up some sort of concoction to fetch her a peaceful sleep."
"Okay. I will leave you lovebirds alone. Good night." 
"Brother," Jennifer called David when he got up to leave. "Do you think Jennifer just lost it today? Got carried away by her powers. Is she turning into a blood-thirsty demon?"
David took his sister's hand in his. "Don't ever think like that. You did what was absolutely necessary. Wars can't be won without killing enemies and you just did that. And don't worry about getting carried away. I will always be there to drag you back if you go a little too far. Just toss away this guilt and unleash your fury to destroy the enemies. As for maintaining control, leave that on me. You do what you do best and I will take care of the rest." David gave her a reassuring smile and kissed her forehead.
Jennifer’s face lit up. Those words had taken a lot of weight off her soul.
James brought a glass filled with some potion. "Time to sleep, my love."
Jennifer took the glass and drank it. Instantly, her muscles started to loosen up and her eyes became heavy. After the kind of day she had, she deserved a night of blissful sleep.
***
Aden
6L 1/1/1/6
It was a quiet morning, barring the thunderstorms and constant trembling of the ground, and Commander Kepler was having his morning tea inside his tent when one of his soldiers rushed into it. "There is some movement in the river."
Kepler quickly got up and sprinted towards the bank. "Tell everyone to keep their guns ready."
"Everyone is ready and in their positions sir."
Kepler reached the riverbank and saw a few soldiers of Aden's army emerging out of the water.
"Hold your fire. I am commander Simon."
"Show me your ID sir." Kepler requested.
Simon removed an ID from his pocket and handed it to Kepler. Kepler was about to check the ID but quickly stepped back when his eyes fell on the other officer coming out of the river. "Deputy HighCommander Alfred! I thought you were supposed to stay there and take over from HighCommander Christopher." Kepler asked furrowing his brow.
"Yes, that is true. But after the bloody battle there, I have a few things to discuss with our new king before I take over the reins. In the meantime, HighCommander Christopher is looking after that world for me."
"How did the mission go?"
"That is a very long story but for the time being, will you just ask your men to put down the damn guns and start making arrangements for the arriving troops?" Alfred suddenly raised his voice and started yelling. "Why the hell are they standing like statues when thousands of men are expected to arrive in the next few hours? Tell them to get moving and do the necessary preparations for the returning heroes."
Kepler flinched. "Why are you shouting? Politeness was never your forte but to be downright rude to one of your old friends is pathetic, even from your petty standards."
Alfred wasn’t in a mood for a lecture on behavioral niceties. "You know what? After returning from a gruesome war our soldiers can at least expect a blanket and a warm cup of tea when they come out of this freezing water. Instead, what we have here is some morons pointing their guns at us. It will be much better for you if you don't irk me further and start doing arrangements to receive my men properly. The last thing you want is me reporting you to King Marcus when I meet him tomorrow."
Kepler decided not to test his temper any further. He rushed away and ordered his troops to take out blankets and start preparing tea and food for the incoming troops.
"Wow! you just blew him away," Smith whispered to Arnold.
"Just got a little rattled by that man. Going on the offensive looked like the best strategy there," Arnold replied with a sigh of relief.
Soldiers of Aden dropped their weapons and got busy in preparations to welcome the victorious troops. Since Arnold had blasted Kepler, Smith decided to be friends with him.
"Don't mind Alfred," Smith said to Kepler who was overlooking the arrangements, "you know how he is. Plus he is shaken by the events of the last couple of days. Lots of blood, dead bodies, very little sleep. I am sure you can understand his mental condition."
Kepler nodded.
"You seem short on hands. Why do you have just a handful of soldiers here? Where are the seven thousand men that King Marcus had kept behind to defend Aden."
Kepler looked over his shoulders and said in a barely audible whisper. "Our king is more worried about local enemies than the foreign ones. That idiot started an internal war by killing Paul and now half of Aden is against him. All he cares about is protecting Aurae and the rest of this world can go to hell. He just gave me seven hundred men to guard this entrance. Can you imagine that?"
Smith crinkled his nose. "You are lucky that we won there. Imagine what would have happened if enemies, and not us, came out of that river."
"That is the exact reason why I had kept my men ready to shoot. Our best chance was to kill as many enemies as we could inside the water. And your friend was shouting at me for doing what was the most logical thing to do."
"I again apologize on his behalf. But tell me one thing, you wouldn't have killed all the enemies inside the river. There must be some backup plan." Smith tried to get some more information.
"Even if they would have made out of the river alive, they wouldn't have gone too far. There are mines hidden all along the riverbanks. Most of them would have been blown to pieces before getting out of this area."
These hidden mines seemed like a standard practice of Aden's army. First Christopher and now Kepler had used the same tactic. "Have you disabled those mines? We don't want any of our men mistakenly stepping on one of those."
"I was just about to do that." 
Kepler called a couple of his lieutenants and gave them the instructions.
By now hundreds of soldiers were pouring out of the river. There was a buzz of activity around the riverbanks. Soldiers of Aden were offering blankets, food, and a warm cup of tea to their returning companions. But with the arrival of larger units, discrepancies started to pop up. Two brothers in Aden’s army came face to face with their counterparts from Elisium. Another soldier met the duplicate of his friend he had left behind in Aurae. There was a buzz amongst the troops and things quickly started to unravel. Kepler turned towards Smith for an explanation but found his gun leveled at his head.
"Ask your men to stand down. I think you are smart enough to understand what has just happened. I am Smith and not Simon. You are heavily outnumbered and your men don't even have their weapons on them. Thousands of Aden’s soldiers surrendered in Elisium and we spared their lives. I promise the same here. I hate killing so please don't force me to do something I don't want to do."
Kepler’s men had dropped their guards whereas his opponents were ready to attack. It was a hopeless situation. Kepler quietly asked his men to stand down.
This was the first truly non-violent surrender that was accomplished without firing a shot. Smith and Arnold had played their parts to perfection and skillfully outsmarted their opponents. This was a sweet victory for David's army. 
Kepler’s men were swiftly rounded off and locked inside their trucks. Soldiers of David's army kept arriving in large numbers. And finally, the stage was set for the arrival of the main hero.
***
On the other side, in another world, Jennifer, David, James, Jacob, and Joseph stood on the bridge of faith. They were amongst the last batch to depart for Aden.
Joseph looked towards the sky. "The weather looks relatively calm. These days were supposed to be the worst. They aren't quite living up to the reputation."
"When history is being made, even the elements halt in their tracks to bear witness to the spectacle," James said winking at his wife.
Jacob, as always, had an explanation. "Well, that is a great line. But I think the real reason for this calm is that the thunder-strikes, the twin tornadoes, and the massive earthquake drained all the energy out the atmosphere."
"You mean to say that Jennifer sucked the power out from the turn of the loop?" Jennifer asked.
"You know, you don't create energy. Your powers just help you harness it and divert it in a specific direction. Your rampage of a couple of hours even exhausted our mother nature. There were clear skies for hours after the tornadoes. Seemingly you wore out the elements and they too wanted a break," Jacob added with a smile.
James saw the lighter side of it. "Thankfully the battle was over before that or else my dear wife would have been in an embarrassing situation. Just imagine – she tries to move the earth, but it doesn't budge and instead tells her, 'just go to hell. I'm tired of shaking and need a break'."
Everyone burst into laughter.
Joseph brought their attention back to the situation at hand. "We must now concentrate on our next step. Hopefully, Smith and Arnold would have pulled it off. The first thing I don't want to see upon returning to my old world after seven long years is a heap of dead bodies."
Jennifer raised an eyebrow. "David, are you sure our staying behind was a good idea? Jennifer could have been of some help there." 
"As per the info I got from Brian, the troops that were held behind in Aden, were to protect Aurae from the rebels, and not their entrance from us. So there shouldn't be too much of a problem even if our decoy plan goes awry." 
Jacob had a different take on this decision. "Besides that, we can't push you in every situation. Once these days are over, you will only be present in one world. Our men must learn to take care of different scenarios. Smith and Arnold are senior commanders and they must be ready for such responsibilities."
Jennifer nodded.
"It is time to leap," David said looking at his sister.
David, Jacob, and Joseph jumped first. Jennifer and James climbed the railing and looked into the Abyss of Unknown.
A loop ago, a young Solomon leaped from this same spot and changed the fortunes of Aden.
His heiress was about to take a similar leap. A leap that was expected to stabilize the wildly swinging fortunes of the two Cosmic Sisters.
Tightly holding hands and looking into each other’s eyes, Jennifer and James, took the plunge.
A plunge of faith.
A leap of Destiny.





Chapter Forty-Seven
The Twins
We, humans, are hellbent on wasting the blessings of destiny, but it always somehow finds a way to bless us back
Aden
6L 1/1/1/7
"What? Visitors? Here? Who?" 
David asked Arnold when he told him that some people wanted to meet him. He was busy getting his troops ready to move towards Aurae. Thankfully Aden's army had done decent preparations to receive their returning troops. There was more than enough food, clothing, weapons, and vehicles to help David’s men in their further journey.
"You ought to have a look at them yourself." Arnold shrugged.
"Okay, bring them."
Arnold brought them near David, but it was James, who gasped and brought his hand to his mouth. James pinched himself when he saw John standing in front of him. "Well, well, well. We surprised our enemies by using their duplicates and now it’s time for us to get surprised. I think you must be the great-grandson of Andrews the Explorer."
"Yes. I am John Paul Andrews. And you must be a descendant of Matthews." John replied extending his hand towards James.
James shook his hand. "I am James. Although I have seen a lot of such incidents in the last few days, still it’s absolutely mind-boggling to be standing face to face with someone who looks exactly like me."
Jennifer got a chance to pull her husband’s leg. "Jennifer is having goosebumps as well. As if enduring one James wasn't enough, she is now being told that God created two such samples." Everyone had a hearty chuckle.
And then Jennifer's mouth fell open when she saw someone in that group. "Moses!" 
"Not Moses, he is Shaun. Moses's twin brother." John explained.
"Twin brother? How is that possible? If Moses had a twin brother why wasn't he banished to Elisium with Moses?" Jennifer still couldn’t believe what she was seeing.
"His parents never told anyone that they had twins. They knew that one of them might become the Transitioner and their lives might be in danger. So they separated the twins in the hope that if something happens to one of them, the other survives. Shaun was kept with her aunt, and it was only after Moses was banished, that his Aunt told him the truth."
Jacob slowly clapped his hands. "The Lords of Nature, seeing the utterly chaotic situation in this loop, had a backup plan right from the beginning. They had sent two prospective Transitioners, two heirs to Solomon, but it was us humans who messed up their plans."
"If Moses had a brother who was born on the same day, why didn’t he become the Transitioner after Moses?" Jennifer asked shaking her head.
"Well, because Shaun wasn't in the required world at the time of Moses's death. You know if Moses's parents hadn't split up their kids, Shaun would have been banished with Moses as well, and he would have been present in Elisium to take over from Moses. Destiny already had a backup that we couldn't see. We, humans, are hellbent on wasting the blessings of destiny, but it always somehow finds a way to bless us back. Just like the way it blessed us by turning Jennifer into the Transitioner when everything seemed lost. Maybe it is a way for the Supremes to show us their supremacy and our fallibility. "
Shaun narrowed his eyes. "What happened to Moses?" 
Jennifer put a comforting hand on Shaun's shoulder. "It is a long story which Jennifer will tell you in detail, but first meet Jennifer, your distant cousin, and supposedly a triplet to you twins," she added with a quaint smile.
Once the introductions were over, David came straight to the point. "John, what brings you here? Has your King sent you to us?" 
"Marcus is not our king anymore. Almost all of this world is against him, but we don't have the means to fight his armies. You are here which means you have defeated his troops in that world and have the courage, resources, and numbers. We both have a common enemy. My people can help you overthrow Marcus and his regime."
"But why should we trust you?” James asked with a shake of his head. “The fact that you look like me, doesn't make you my friend. And our people have a bad history with their duplicates from the other world. In fact, this whole mess began when one Adener put a bullet in his copy’s head seven cycles ago. "
 "You can trust me because our forefathers did that. They built a healthy friendship based on trust and that was the only bright spot in the relationships of these worlds."
"That friendship didn't turn out to be too fruitful for them if you remember. Both ended up getting brutally murdered." James reminded John about the tragic part of that story.
"Not due to any misunderstandings between them, but due to treacherous intents of others around them. Look, I know you are going to go after Marcus with or without our support. But a little help won't harm your chances. None of you has seen this world before. It may be a replica of your world, but Aden, due to its rapid development, is a lot different from Elisium. You will need someone to guide you through."
Joseph stepped forward. "I think that you are forgetting that my father and I, and many others who were banished are on their side. We know everything about this world."
John shrugged. "Things have changed drastically in the last seven years. This is no more the Aden you knew. Believe me, without my help, you won't be able to get anywhere near Aurae."
Jennifer shook her head vehemently. "Whenever we have placed our belief in anyone from your world, they have back-stabbed us. A few days ago Jennifer’s father was shot by one such double-faced monster. Some of your soldiers tried to kill Jennifer after she had just spared their lives. Jennifer can’t understand what kind of darkness rules the hearts of people here, but all they know is betrayal and deceit. And Jennifer will never trust any of you ever again."
"You must understand that now since we have discovered a way into each other's world, the only way these two worlds can peacefully co-exist is through harmony and cooperation. We need to break this vicious cycle of treachery or else both our worlds will consume each other." 
James smirked at his duplicate’s comment. "It is very easy to say this when you are on the other side of the line. Just put yourself in our place and then honestly say, would you have trusted us if we would have done to your people what your people have done to us?"
"The commoners here are equally against all the injustice that has happened in your world. My father was a vocal critique of the regime's policies and wanted all troops to be pulled back from there. Joseph, and many others who were banished, know that. Am I right Joseph?"
Joseph nodded.
"Not everyone here is your enemy. In fact, we both have a common foe. Our real enemy is the despot king, his corrupt Council, and those few wealthy elites who live in palaces inside Aurae. They are not only oppressing your people but are terrorizing Adeners as well. We must fight them together. Remember James, our grandfathers, Andrews and Matthews, had dreamt of two peacefully co-existing and mutually cooperating developed worlds. Once we overthrow the tyrants we have a chance to fulfill their dreams."
"That was a good speech, but we have heard many such promises before and I still don’t trust you." David didn’t want any further betrayal.
"I don't want you to trust me blindly. You listen to the info we give you and then you decide whether you want to act upon it or not. For starters, I will give you a tip. Commander Kepler must have surely forgotten to inform you that they had a secret warning system installed at the entrance. He must have already triggered that warning and Aden's army in Aurae might be waiting to welcome you. So if you are planning a surprise attack, I will ask you to reconsider."
Arnold and Joseph rushed from there. They returned ten minutes later. "I confirmed with Kepler and cross-checked with three other officers. There was indeed a warning system which they have already triggered," Joseph whispered to David.
David looked into John’s eyes. "Roger used the same tactic. First, he gave some petty info and then drove a dagger through our hearts when he got a chance. You are still far away from gaining my trust."
"I am in no hurry. You can always cross-check my info with the officers you have in your custody. I also request you to allow my men to fight alongside your troops. Aurae is a fortress and you will need every little help available to penetrate it."
"Nothing comes for free. What do you want in return?"
"I just want the bitterness to dissolve between our worlds. I want our people to live like real brothers and sisters. Otherworldly twins. True Identicals. And one way to bring people close is to make them work together towards a common goal."
"Only time will tell whether this happens or not," David said curtly.
"I also want a promise from you and the Transitioner, that you won't colonize our world and subjugate our people when you win this war. We don't want to repeat the mistakes which our ancestors made."
Jennifer smirked. "Your people started the exploitation when you were on top, but you want us to swiftly end it when you lose? Your people always want the best for themselves. Why shouldn’t we give them a little taste of their own medicine?"
"I can understand your grudge but maybe your perception towards this world and its people will change when you witness the condition of the masses. Although the conditions here are not as bad as Elisium, Adeners aren’t living in paradise either. However, to see that, you will have to come with me"
"Where?" David asked.
"A place which all of you might relate to. And don't worry it's not that far from here."
David was about to refuse John’s offer but something from within told Jennifer that she must visit this place. Jennifer knew that her inner voices weren't just human instincts, they were something much more. A collective echo of the experiences of five loops.
"Okay, we will come with you."
***
The large Convoy of David's army took a detour from the highway that led towards Aurae and drove on a side road. In just over an hour they reached Agar, the hometown of the Andrews family.
Most people in David's army were against this plan. They could be heading straight into a trap, but David trusted Jennifer and her instincts. On the other hand, he also wanted to meet the common Adeners and see their true nature. His father's last words kept echoing in his mind, ‘Don't fight this war keeping grudges, but show compassion.’ David always kept looking for ways to do that. 
Agar was a medium-sized town, with a few thousand residents. But it had become the center for anti-regime activities ever since Paul walked out on King Marcus. Although officially Paul's death was declared an accident, the regime did little to hide their involvement in his death. After his murder, the houses of his known supporters and other important buildings were vandalized. This brazen display of power served as a threat and a warning for those who were looking to go against the king.
Marcus however made a tactical blunder. He pulled his troop out of Agar after Paul's death and keeping up with the trend from all across the universe of all major rebellions starting around prominent landmarks, Paul's burnt house, a sign of the King's autocracy and his regime's despotism, became a center-piece for this revolution.
Agar was already overflowing with people when David’s army entered the town. Tents and canopies had been erected around the town to accommodate the steady influx of the discontented Adeners. Their hearts skipped a few beats when they saw a huge army convoy rushing towards them and took it as a crackdown from the regime to end this rebellion. However, there they breathed a collective sigh of relief when Paul and Shaun got out of the first truck.
"Don't worry. These are friends. God has sent us help from another world," Paul said looking at the wide eyes and glum faces of his supporters.
David got down from his vehicle to have a stroll amongst the crowd and saw two worlds meet like one. Many of his soldiers met their copies amidst these Adeners. An old lady hugged a young man, thinking of him to be her son who had gone to fight in Elisium, only to realize that he was his duplicate. Adeners saw their brothers and sons in David’s army and Elisians found their loved ones in Agar. Many of them even found themselves. There was an instant connection, bonding, love, and affection. The scenes in Agar felt like a large family reunion. There were no strangers here, everyone was connected to someone. There were no enemies, only friends. They were the same, they were two parts of a one, but some demons had kept them apart and made them hate each other. 
Someone was recording these heart-warming scenes. These moments were precious.
David made another connection. A scene from Elisium’s past was playing out in Aden. He had heard the stories, read about them in the books, but now it was in front of his eyes. The striking similarities were hard to miss. Agar had turned into a replica of Elisium's Refuge in its early days.
Seven cycles ago in Elisium, all the people harassed by Aden's army flocked towards one settlement that gradually turned into the Refuge. The same was now happening in Aden. All the disgruntled Adeners were moving into Agar. However, there was a big difference between the two scenarios. Here the people weren't terrorized by some foreign invaders but were oppressed by their own king.
David talked with Adeners to learn about their plights. It wasn't just Elisium that was suffering since the last seven cycles, but Aden, despite its superficial splendors and glories, was in freefall as well. 
Ever since Malcolm banished Samuel and took over the reins, this world was never the same. He systematically undid all the changes Samuel had made in the seven years before his banishment. Aurae was turned into a city of dreams, but every monument, park, or building was built on the foundations of some new tax, that would bury the commoners into the ground. 
The self-proclaimed farmer-friendly regime provided them with machinery but kept their lands as mortgages to cover the costs of these machines. Many farmers ended up becoming laborers in the farms which they once owned. In a bid for fast-paced development, large government-owned industries were set up, and many Adeners were forced to shut their small businesses and work in these plants. These industries promised to provide them steady income, but that promise never met their needs.
A slew of such laws made the elites richer and even more powerful, and turned the commoners into poverty-stricken feebles depending on the mercy of their masters. Every brick of gold in the coffers of the rich came through the tears and blood of hundreds of penurious. Behind this dazzle of advanced technology and rapid progress, Aden drowned in a sea of corruption and manipulation.
The simple and moralistic people of this world couldn’t raise themselves to fight for their rights. Killing, even their worst enemy, was beyond their imagination and hence war was never considered an option. The greedy kings and their ravenous Councils fed on these moral predicaments. They knew there was resentment amongst the masses, but they made sure no one made a noise. They used the threat of Banishment as a weapon to keep the dissenters in check and swiftly dealt with those who still dared to speak.
However, things started to change when, for the first time, the commoners’ strife found a loud and clear voice. In Paul Andrews, they found a hero who dared to openly oppose the King and the Council. Commoners started to rally behind him and before the regime could deal with him, he gained such a stature that the Council feared that even touching him might spark a widespread rebellion.
Paul raised the concerns of the commoners in the Council. He fought for their rights. He also constantly pressurized the Council to withdraw its forces from Aden because he knew that the troops and the weapons prepared for Elisium, were later used to strengthen the regime’s hold over Aden. 
Over the years, Paul’s supporters kept growing in numbers. They knew that to undo the damage done by Malcolm and his successors, they had to strike down this empire and change the whole system. But to do that they had to first weaken its strengths. Cutting down their ever-growing manpower by stopping them from raising new armies was one way of doing it. 
On Paul’s suggestion, his supporters openly started boycotting the Celebrations of Freedom. Their protest against sending troops to Elisium was not just a movement to save the people of that world, but it was intended to save their world as well. That was just the beginning. A stepping stone. Once they succeeded, they planned to take it to the next level.
But all these symbolic protests took a strong hit when Julian arm-twisted the Council to approve the formation of an even larger army to send to Elisium. If this wasn’t enough, he even passed a decree that gave his regime complete authority to choose whoever they deemed fit for the army. No one got any say in that. Once a person was selected for the army, there was no way out of it.
Paul fought a long battle in the Council against this law but he soon realized that there was no hope left in this regime. He secretly formed an army of his supporters. His family house in Agar became their headquarters. 
Marcus, during his coronation ceremony, did try to sway public emotions in his favor, but Paul's army kept spreading the truth and brought people's attention back to the current issues. However, this cold war came out in open after Marcus's botched attempt at Paul's assassination.
Although the timing of this failed attempt was catastrophic, Marcus took it as an opportunity to stamp his authority. Commoners weren't on his side and he wasn't going to win their support in his lifetime. The only way to keep Adeners in check was to sow fear in their hearts by using brute force. There was no gain in playing this hide and seek game anymore, so he brought his true ruthless form to the fore. Turning Aurae into a fortress and conducting the Celebrations of Freedom under the overwhelming shadow of weapons instilled that fear in people's minds. Laying a siege on Agar, threatening to wipe out the whole town, and then cold-bloodedly murdering his biggest opponent shook everyone to their cores. Now the whole Aden trembled at the sight of their king. Marcus was hands down winning the war in Aden and only some miracle could turn the tide in Adener's favor.
Unfortunately for Marcus, that miracle had just arrived in Aden. And she was on her way to have the last showdown with him.





Chapter Forty-Eight
The Wall of Water
A person who has faced injustice or abuse, will never wish, let alone inflict, it on another person
Aden 
6L 1/1/1/7
"Mother, this is Jennifer."
An hour after arriving in Agar, Shaun took Jennifer inside a tent and introduced her to an old lady. Claudia, who was in the early years of her third cycle, greeted Jennifer with a gracious smile. "Shaun tells me that you are the one who has taken Moses’s place. I will tell you an interesting story. You know Moses and Shaun weren't expected to be born on that fateful day. I kept praying to God that I don't deliver on that day."
"But why?" Jennifer asked.
"Because I knew that the Transitioner must be born on the first day of the twenty-first cycle and I wished my child wasn't that. My husband and I had spent all our lives in fear because of the amulet. Hiding from enemies. Shifting from one place to another. I didn't want to pass that misery on to my children. But destiny has its ways. Moses was born prematurely and we knew what he was destined to become. But the Almighty surprised us with a blessing. We got twins. We thought God has given us another son so that one could live a normal life while the other can fulfill the destiny of these worlds."
"So you decided to separate them?"
"Yes, we kept Shaun near his aunt, so that Moses's fate doesn't affect Shaun's future. Their father was banished when they were seven. Moses got captured and banished before I could even explain to him what his destiny was. The Lords of Nature had sent Shaun to help his brother and take his place if required but we messed up that plan by splitting up our two kids. Thankfully they had another backup in you."
Claudia got up from her chair and kissed Jennifer over her glowing forehead. "My child you have to finish this for Moses. To be honest, if I could go back in time, I would have corrected my mistake. Mother's love clouded my thoughts back then, but today I can happily sacrifice all my children for the future of these worlds."
It is not just Elisians who have lost their peace, these people have suffered a lot too. 
Jennifer’s eyes became moist. "Although Jennifer may never experience the bliss of motherhood, she can surely relate to the grief of losing loved ones to these demons. And Jennifer promises you, very soon we will put an end to this cycle of traumas and miseries."
"And for doing that you have the support of this whole world,” John said entering the tent. “For the last few cycles, people of this world have yearned for the rightful heir of Solomon to return to power. Shaun, although not a Transitioner, is an heir of Solomon. Some people even say that he is a copy of him. My father earmarked him as a beacon for this revolution. Adeners have their faith in him and he believes in you."
Claudia held Shaun’s hand and looked at Jennifer. "My son inspires confidence in Adeners and they look up to him to bring the change. He will make these people rally behind you. He will stand by you, fight for you, and if required, die by your side."
"We must stop talking about dying. It is time our enemies start worrying about death." Jennifer said snapping her fingers. 
If carrying the burden of Elisium wasn’t enough, now hopes of two worlds rest on you. Way to go, Jennifer.
"I think it's time for our people to meet their new leader. The Savior, who will lead them out of this dark night into a new dawn," Shaun said leading Jennifer out of the tent.
Shaun took her to the town square and then climbed a raised platform. The weather was unrelenting. There was a steady downpour and people’s feet were submerged in water up to their ankles. Nevertheless, thousands of Adeners braved the weather and assembled there to listen to him.
"The turn of the loop has arrived and the Transition is inevitable. But this time there won’t be a Transition where one world ascends the heights of prosperity whereas the other descends the depths of doom. In this Transition, both these worlds will go hand in hand and look after each other. 
‘Our gluttonous Kings and their corrupt Councils have not only destroyed the other world but have also pushed our world to the brink. We feared that the next Transition might send Aden into a tailspin, but that deterioration came much earlier than expected. The Transition didn't bring us down, but our rulers did. The only way left for us now is to go up. We gave up our fears a long time ago and are now ready to embrace the Transition and the Transitioner. Today we have Jennifer the Reborn, the chosen one, amongst us, and it's time we pledge to fight our biggest war alongside her."
"A girl? We thought your brother was the chosen one." Someone shouted from the crowd.
"He didn't live long enough to take us through."
"Never in history, has a Transitioner been a girl," an old man voiced his concerns.
Here you go. Same old questions, same old doubts.
However, Shaun gave the answers. "Many things have happened in this loop that has never happened before."
"But how can you expect a girl to lead us in a war? She can't win it for us." 
"She won it for them in Elisium. Her troops defeated an army of more than twenty thousand men in that world. That should be enough to convince us of her capabilities."
A woman came forward with tears streaming down her face. "My son was in that army. Her troops killed him. And you want me to embrace his murderers."
Jennifer got down from the platform and walked towards the woman. "Your son was no enemy of ours. I know most of those soldiers didn’t voluntarily join this mission but they were forced to do so. And if we don't stop this vicious cycle, then many more soldiers will be dumped into this raging furnace of war. Many more mothers, in both our worlds, will lose their sons. We all know that the real murderers are those who sit in the Council in Aurae. They turn us against each other, make us fight and kill, while they relax inside their palaces and enjoy the spectacle. We, the common people, have suffered heavy losses in both worlds. It is time to make the real culprits pay for their crimes and put an end to this."
Jennifer took the woman's hand in hers. "And there is a good chance that your son might not be dead. Most of Aden's soldiers surrendered and weren't killed. They will be brought back to this world as soon as the war is over."
There was a buzz in the crowd. Many people had their relatives in the troops that were sent to Elisium. A wave of relief swept amongst the crowd when people realized that there was still hope of seeing their loved ones alive.
Another old man in the crowd expressed his doubts. "You talk about going hand in hand, but the moment you overthrow the regime, you will turn us into your slaves. Our forces have tormented your people and you might not be able to stop your soldiers from returning the favor."
See, the way you don’t trust them, they don’t trust you. This is never going to work out.
Before Jennifer could say anything, David decided to reply on behalf of his sister. "A person who has faced injustice or abuse, will never wish, let alone inflict, it on another person. We have endured this oppression for so long that none of us will ever wish it even on our worst enemies. Besides that, we now know that the masses of Aden had nothing to do with what happened to us. And we don’t punish one for the crimes of another."
David then climbed the raised platform. "I, David George Orlando, chief of David's army and brother of Jennifer the Reborn, make a sacred promise to the people of Aden, that when we win this war we will not subject Adeners to any atrocities. No harm will be done to them. They will not face any humiliations. They will not be asked to evacuate their towns or leave their lands or abandon their homes. Aden will be a free world. They will have a compassionate ruler and a trustworthy council. Rest assured, we have not come here to destroy this world and enslave its people, but we have come here to liberate both our worlds. I name the Almighty Creator and the Lords of Nature as witnesses to my sacred vow. May their wrath fall upon me if I turn back on my words. May they bless us all and guide us all the way."
Jennifer gave her brother an incredulous look. 
What the hell is he doing here. Earlier in the day, he was reluctant to make any commitments and now he has taken a sacred vow. 
"She doesn't seem to agree with you." Someone in the crowd noticed her expressions.
Time to show some family love and back your brother.
Jennifer got on the platform and stood beside her brother. "The Creator made our two worlds replicas of each other. From landscapes to rivers, to mountains, everything is exactly the same. Our towns and cities, our clothes and food, our cycles and loops, even our people, everything are identical. But then we started interfering in nature's plans and the symmetry started to disappear.
‘Seven cycles ago each person in this world had his duplicate in that world, but that is no longer the case because thousands of our people were killed. Many family lines ceased to exist. The Ruins, despite the catastrophe, was a buzzing place like Aurae, but your armies forced us to abandon it and flee towards Refuge. The Creator and nature didn't discriminate between our worlds, but it was us humans, who messed up the balance. They wanted the two worlds to live side by side, hand in hand, helping each other, looking after each other, and that is why they provided us the whirlpools to travel from one world to another. However, the greed of a few people botched up those plans. But Jennifer thinks this is the right time to undo the wrong and bring back the balance."
Jennifer gestured towards David. "Jennifer firmly stands by her brother’s holy vow. She promises that no city in Aden will turn into the Ruins and Adeners won’t need a Refuge. The days of darkness will end in both the worlds and our future generation will not have to face any adversities."
There was a hushed silence in the crowd as everyone listened to the Transitioner. 
You have talked yourself into a corner. Your promise has made this a win-win situation for Adeners. They anyhow wanted Marcus’s regime to be toppled, and now your army is going to do it for them. And with this sacred vow, they are assured of a secured future after the war.
And then a young man from the crowd asked Jennifer the burning question. "Everything you said is fair. We believe in your noble intentions but how do we trust in your abilities? Your powers? How do we know that you are the real Transitioner, the chosen one?"
Jennifer looked at the guy who asked the question and flinched. That triggered something in her mind. 
You have seen this before. You have been here before. Look around. Think. Get your brain running.
It dawned on her when she saw the clogged water near people's feet. A layer of dark liquid was floating over the water. Many people in the crowd noticed that as well. A chill went down her spine when she made the connection.
There was a loud explosion on the northern side of the square. Seconds later, there was another blast on the eastern side. Flames spread on the liquid above the water and rushed towards the center. The liquid fuel, which Adeners had stopped using cycles ago, was highly inflammable. The thick layer floating above the water surface was enough to burn them alive. There were loud shrieks, desperate cries of help, and a sense of dejection as people saw death charging towards them.
You know what to do. Your visions have given you ample time to plan for such scenarios. Stay calm and focused.
Jennifer closed her eyes, mustered all her strengths, and joined her palms in front of her chest. Then she slowly started to part her hands.
Amidst the pandemonium, many eyes were fixed at Jennifer, their last hope of survival. Some of them squealed when they saw a miracle unfold in front of their eyes.
With Jennifer's parting hands, the water which was logged in the town square started to retreat. Some invisible force pushed the water back. A large wave flowed from the center and spread outwards in all directions. It completely drained the water out of the town square and stopped the flames from reaching the center. 
Thousands of awestruck people watched the flames form a ring of fire around them. A five-foot-high wall of water encircled them. No law of physics could explain how water, in its liquid form, was holding up like a solid wall and not gushing back. A fire was raging on the layer of fuel above the wall of water, but everyone within that ring of fire was unscathed. It was hard to believe that they were standing on dry grounds surrounded by a dam of blazing water ready to burst.
Jennifer stood like a statue. Or more like a meditating monk. Her eyes were firmly shut and her fingers were snapping. People watched her and the burning wall of water, which like a chained beast, wanted to pounce on its prey, but was unable to break the shackles. 
Eventually, the fuel burnt away and the fire fizzled out. And with that, any doubts about her powers dissipated as well. Jennifer heard David whispering in her ear, "the fire is out."
Jennifer let out an audible sigh of relief and opened her eyes. The invisible barrier disappeared and the wall of water caved in. She almost collapsed but James was there to get hold of her.
The old man, who had raised doubts over Jennifer’s capabilities, came forward and bowed his head. "Human race is obsessed with miracles, and they can’t believe in a savior till they see one. We doubted you but you still saved thousands of us from getting burnt alive."
"Jennifer did what she should and she will keep doing it till her last breath."
The old man placed his hand on her head. "God bless you, my child. May he always give you the courage and strength to fight for the people. Every one of us is now on your side. With our hearts and with our strengths."
Someone from the crowd cried. "Hail Jennifer, the Reborn."
Chants of "Hail Jennifer" echoed around the town. All the Adeners and Elisians joined in the chant. It was the first time that the people of the two worlds had come together for a single cause. It was the first time that they had rallied behind a single person. It was the first time that their voices echoed the same sentiments.
It was just the beginning.
The beginning of a new era.
And the beginning of an end.





Chapter Forty-Nine 
The Meeting
Fear has a much everlasting impact on people's minds than all the acts of nobility
Aden
6L 1/1/1/8
"That was one hell of an attempt to wipe out all the opponents in a single blow." 
Joseph said with a roll of his eyes. All the prominent members of the United Force, an amalgam of David's army and John's supporters, had assembled in the courtyard of Paul's burnt house.
"Where did all that fuel come from?" David asked John.
"Agar lies very close to one of the oil fields which once catered to the fuel needs of this world. There are a couple of defunct refineries nearby. Agar prospered mostly due to these refineries. Once we switched to Star-Rocks as our primary fuel, the refineries were shut down. But still, hundreds of barrels of nift lie there unattended."
"And somebody decided to put that useless fuel to some good use," James quipped. "Did you find out who leaked the oil?"
James shook his head. "There are thousands of people here who don't belong to this town. It is difficult to ascertain who is on our side and who is not. But one thing is clear that our enemy is keeping a close eye on us and won’t deter from trying out hideous tactics to wipe us out."
James saw the lighter side of things. "That would have been such a distasteful way to die. I mean who gets killed by burning water? When I meet Marcus I'm surely going to ask him from where does he gets such innovative ideas?"
"Can't expect anything better from a person who allegedly strangulated his father in his sleep," David said. "We must get moving. The enemy might have got the news that we survived this attempted massacre. We don't want to give him too much time to further strengthen his defenses."
"How many troops does he have inside Aurae?" Jennifer asked.
"Seven thousand latest recruits. Four thousand old recruits who returned from Elisium during the last Crossing, have all been called back on duty. There are around one thousand Resident Guards of Aurae. Furthermore, in these so-called turbulent times, Marcus has passed an order that all those retired soldiers, who are still fit enough to fight, must rejoin the army to defend their city against the Rebels. Though not many people voluntarily signed up for this cause, about three thousand or so were forced to do so."
David quickly made the calculations. "That is fifteen thousand. After leaving just about enough men to look after the captured base in Elisium, we were able to bring eight thousand soldiers. We are still outnumbered two to one."
“We have many others.” Joseph hinted towards something.
David rejected his proposal. “They are here for other reasons. As decided before, civilians are not be used in combats.”
"I can provide you with a couple of thousand retired personnel of Aden's army. They have served in your world and now are ready to fight on your side." John reminded them about his supporters.
Shaun diverted their attention towards another problem. "Apart from the extra men, they have secured walls and heavy fortification all around Aurae. They have spent a fortune in the last seven years to secure that city."
Arnold came up with an idea. "We can try the tactics we used in Elisium. Sneaking under their defenses and catching them by surprise. If the two worlds are indeed identical, that option should be open here as well."
"When we attacked the Ruins, that was an army base, with no commoners within the range. We try something like that in Aurae, with their whole army present there, and hundreds of thousand people residing within those walls, that will lead to a bloodbath. Thousands of unsuspecting people will be in danger." David dismissed that plan of action
Jennifer, who was quietly listening so far, decided to intervene. "We won't be sneaking in there like some thieves. We are not here to steal their throne. We are here to liberate this world and its people from the clutches of these tyrants. We go there and announce ourselves. We offer Marcus and his Council an opportunity to step down and leave Aurae. We first try for a peaceful resolution to end this war."
"I don't think Marcus would be too tempted by such a proposal." Shaun knew how their adversary will react to such an offer.
"Then we do what we have to do. And we won't be responsible for any unfortunate incidents borne out of that." Jennifer’s tone made their hairs stand on their ends. There was a fire burning in her eyes.
***
Michael barged into Marcus's chambers. "They have arrived at our doorstep and have asked for a meeting with you."
"And why should I entertain them at all? Why shouldn't we just blow them up and close this chapter?"
"That won't be that easy. They have thousands of soldiers, some good weapons, and a miracle girl. They have a peace proposal and you ought to hear them out."
"Don't tell me Michael you are afraid of them and want a truce. I thought you had a bloodlust just like your much-revered great-grandpa."
"You know we are on thin ice. The first thing our enemies did after arriving in Aden was to release a few survivors of the war in Elisium. By doing that our enemies made sure that the news of that battle spread in Aden like wildfire. Now everyone knows how our troops were routed there. You must understand that most of our soldiers don't want to fight and have been forced into this army. All they need is a little provocation to drop their weapons and walk away. To make them fight, you have to make them believe that you tried your best to avoid this war. Show them that you tried talking to the enemies but they are too arrogant and the only option left for us is to fight."
"Okay, okay, I get your point. Call them to the palace for the meeting."
Michael chuckled. "Do you think they will trust us after we tried to burn them alive in the most heinous way? They want a meeting in a neutral ground, outside the gateway of Aurae, where both the troops can guard over their representatives."
"What if they play some trick and try to capture me or even kill me?"
"That actually won't be that bad. That would give us a solid reason to justify this war. Fight to avenge our slain King. That would make a terrific battle-cry."
Marcus glared at Michael. “You have suddenly grown fangs.”
Michael knew Marcus hated his jibes but sometimes he wasn’t able to control himself. "Don't worry, unlike us, they are honorable people who value their morals. And most importantly, they genuinely want peace. So jeopardizing that little chance of a truce by going after your head would be pretty worthless. Be ready, we will be meeting them after sunset."
***
An enormous and lavishly decorated tent was erected outside the magnificent gateway of Aurae. Marcus, Michael, Benjamin, and a few other trusted Council members were present on Aden's behalf. Jennifer, David, Jacob, John, James, and Joseph represented the other side.
Marcus directly had a go at John. "Good to see you, John. I thought your father wanted to save this world but you have sided with the foreign invaders. He would be grieving in his grave right now after seeing your betrayal."
"He wanted to save this world from the clutches of a monster and I am trying my best to fulfill his last wish." John wasn’t bothered by Marcus’s taut.
"He had many such wishes, but sadly death didn't give him enough time to fulfill them. Hopefully the same doesn't happen to you. Although the path you are treading might lead you to the same fate."
"Yeah, you tried your best to inflict the same fate on me, but thankfully there was some divine intervention. Burning people seems like your preferred option."
"I must admit, first your father and now you have proved a little hard to kill. Both of you seem to have nine lives. But don't worry, I won't give up on you, just like I didn't give up on your father."
"I think we were here to discuss terms of a truce." Jacob tried to calm things down.
"Oh really!" Marcus sneered. "Okay here is my offer. You people surrender your weapons, and I allow you to pass through the gates of Aurae and let you go back to your world. You people take care of your damned world. You have my word that no one from this world will ever come there again and neither should someone from your side show their faces here. Additionally, I want the head of this traitor John. I will hang it on this gateway to turn it into a precedent so that none of these filthy commoners raise their heads again."
David chuckled. "I don’t think we came to this world for a tour. What makes you think that we will accept such an offer."
"You will accept this offer because you grossly miscalculated our might. Aurae is no Ruins where you just sneaked past the defenses and overcame our troops."
"We routed your much larger army there. From what we know you don't have that many men here. And the men you have don’t even want to fight." Jennifer reminded Marcus of the present circumstances.
"That was your world. You knew it better. You manipulated that battlefield to your advantage. This is my domain and you don't even have a hint about the kind of preparations I have done to welcome you. Believe me, you won't even sneak past these walls."
"We are not planning to sneak past it. We are going to blow it up." David said gesturing towards his sister.
"Aah, the miracle girl. Your whole battle plans revolve around one person. I am much better prepared than that. Let us see which one of us comes out on top."
Jacob was worried about something else. "There are hundreds of thousands of people inside Aurae. A war inside a crowded city will be catastrophic."
"Wow! Invaders with gentle hearts. If you are so concerned about these people then why are you trespassing into our world? Just cut this crap. It is not going to make any difference in this meeting."
John curled his lips. "You seem to have completely given up on people. Do their safety and well-being hold no importance for you?"
"Public support is a very fragile thing. During my initial days, there was an overwhelming response in my favor but soon, those very people started to rally behind your father. I quickly realized that people have short memories and fluttering minds. So rather than begging for their support, I decided to force them into submission by using a weapon called fear. And believe me, fear has a far more everlasting impact on people's minds than all the acts of nobility."
"If you and your predecessors had taken good care of the people, you wouldn't have needed fear to rule over them." David tried to reason with him.
"You haven't been a king, have you? You don't know the vagaries of being a king. You can't keep everyone happy. Take Solomon the greatest king, who laid down the foundations of modern Aden, as an example. Isn't he called a Demon in your world? Samuel, who did so much for the commoners, ended up getting banished? I took my lessons from the history and understood that trying to please everyone wasn't a logical thing to do."
John slammed his hands on the sides of his chair. "So you let the commoners suffer to please the elites. You allowed them to build palaces when others struggled to make their ends meet. And now you are ready to sacrifice the people of Aurae to save your throne. Don't worry, your reign of fear will end shortly. Very soon these same people of Aurae will beat you to death."
"Don't fool yourself with these notions. People inside these walls don't give a damn about what is happening outside. They don't care about Aden. Maybe my predecessors failed on other fronts but they did turn Aurae into a jewel. It is not just a city, it is a true paradise. If there are other worlds, I bet you won't find anything as beautiful as Aurae in any of them. For the people of Aurae, we are the true kings and you are the invaders. They don't wish for the true heir of Solomon to rule them. They are more than happy with us."
"If you are their true king then you must shield them from any harm.” David tried to catch him in his own words. “Accept our offer and walk away from this city. We will spare your life and we also promise that no harm will be done to anyone inside Aurae." 
Marcus broke into demonic laughter. "Is that your offer? Did you actually think I was going to walk away just like that?"
Jennifer looked into his eyes. "No, we were pretty sure that you weren't a sensible person. Okay then, we give your people a day and a half's time to evacuate the city. We attack at sunrise the day after tomorrow. Those who walk outside those walls during this period will remain safe. And only you will be responsible for whatever happens to this city after that."
Marcus waved his hands. "Don't try and please your conscience by laying down this blame on me. It is you who are attacking Auare and its helpless citizens. You and your selfish ambitions will be fully responsible for every drop of blood that will be spilled. Don't try to fool yourself and others by your skewed notions of liberating a world. It is your greed to rule the two worlds that has brought you here. Solomon's hidden covetousness turned the Capital into the Ruins. If any such fate befalls Aurae it will be because of your avarice."
"We are giving your people a chance to escape," David argued.
"Chance to what? Chance to become refugees and leave behind everything they own. Leave their homes in this extreme weather and come out in open fields with their women, elder, and children. You told me you want to change things, but you are doing exactly what our armies did to your people seven cycles ago. This is no liberation, this is revenge."
"We are not asking them to leave their homes forever as your people did to us. We are asking them to just get out of harm’s way. Once the war is over, they can move back to their homes." David pointed out the difference between the two scenarios.
Marcus glared at Jennifer. "Who knows what will be left of this city after the war. Will their homes even be there or will they be destroyed by another lunatic, self-proclaimed savior? And what is the guarantee you won't change your mind if you somehow win this war? Nobody is going anywhere. If you want to capture this world, get your hands tainted with innocent blood. If your consciences allow you to win this city after wading through rivers of blood, then be my guest."
A heavy silence hung inside the tent.
John broke the silence. "You have taken after your mother. My father always said that there was a humane side of your father, desperately trying to emerge from the shadows, but your mother never let it come out. You don't seem to have inherited any of his qualities. I have heard whispers, that your mother murdered your father. Is that true?"
Marcus stood up from his chair. "I think, as we have nothing more useful to discuss, that should be the end of this meeting," 
Then he walked towards John and hissed in his face. "I'll give you a piece of advice. In this war don't go looking for my humane side because you will find none of it. And to answer your questions, yes, my mother did murder my father and I have indeed proudly taken after my mother. Now think, if my mother can kill the person she loved the most to protect my throne, just imagine what I, her true son, will do to the enemies who are trying to dethrone me. I will make sure that Michael butchers you and your men in such a gruesome way, that it will make even his illustrious grandfather Henry squirm in his grave."
On hearing Michael’s name Jennifer turned towards him. "Dear Michael, Jennifer just remembered that she has brought a gift for you." She signaled to one of her officers and seconds later a couple of soldiers carried Roger into the room. There were injury marks all over his body. He couldn’t walk and had to be dragged by the soldiers. 
Michael rushed towards his brother. "What the hell have you done to him?" 
"This is the first installment of your due payments. Just an example of what is going to happen to every single one of you." 
Jennifer then turned towards Marcus. "We will still stick by our deadline. Hope you will have a change of heart and let the people of Aurae make the correct choice."
"If I were you, I won't be too optimistic about such an outcome." Marcus spared a glance towards Roger and stormed out of the tent. Michael carried his brother behind him.
The peace-talks, as expected, had fallen apart and the fate of Aurae was now sealed.
The Day of Reckoning was finally upon them.





Chapter Fifty
The Command Center
No war is won without sacrifices, and sometimes a sea of innocent blood is required to turn the tide
Aden
6L 1/1/1/9
"Well, I don't think he is letting anyone out.”
Jacob said with a gloomy face. “Those people are his shields and he will hide behind them. He will not even tell the people about our offer. So I don't think waiting for another day is of any use."
Jennifer was thinking on different lines. "If he is doing something we expected him to do, let us do something he doesn't expect us to do. Arnold, did you do the job Jennifer told you about?"
"Yes, and your hunch was spot on. Solomon did build tunnels in this world and that too in almost the same locations as the tunnels of our world. I followed the maps of Elisiums and located the required tunnel in Aden. And the good news is that the long tunnel is in surprisingly good shape for something that has not been used for ages. It will be perfect for our little foray inside Aurae."
"They know we used tunnels in Elisium and they will be prepared for this plan of action," Jacob warned them.
“Even with the maps, I had a hard time finding the exits. I think it is almost impossible for someone to locate these tunnels without any maps. And I Am sure they don’t have any of those," Arnold retorted.
Jennifer nodded. "Let us give them a surprise tomorrow morning. When we first discussed this plan in Elisium it looked like a long shot but with the help of John and his allies inside the city, we will be able to make a far greater impact than expected."
John gave a twisted smile. "Yes, we are going to give Marcus the shock of his life."
"Okay, so let us get moving. Time is running out and we have a lot of work to do."
***
The residents of Aurae were living under a shadow of fear. There were rumors that their troops had been annihilated in Elisium and the enemies had arrived at their doorstep. They dreaded that a bloody war could begin anytime soon but they had no means of being sure. Aurae was completely cut off from the outside world.  No one was permitted to go beyond the walls neither anyone was allowed to come in. And then, one gloomy morning, thousands of residents of Aurae woke up to a surprise. Or rather a shock. They received something which they hadn’t imagined in their weirdest dreams. The truth had been shoved in their faces in the crudest way possible. They now knew that their counterparts weren't just waiting outside the wall, but they had penetrated their city. And even reached their homes. 
***
Michael pushed aside the guard, who asked him to wait for the king’s permission, and barged into the dining room of the Grand palace where Marcus was having a quiet breakfast with his wife and mother.
"Seeing your expressions, I don't think you have some good news," Marcus muttered through pursed lips. "Come, have some breakfast."
"I think you too will lose your appetite after seeing this." Michael handed an envelope to Marcus. It contained a picture of an impoverished family in ragged clothes standing outside a hut. There was a letter accompanying the picture.
"This is the picture of Judas and his family who are duplicates of you and your family. Just like them, every person in Elisium is the exact copy of a person in Aden. And just like you, we are honest, moralistic, peace-loving people. 
However, our world has been terrorized by some gluttonous monsters for the last seven cycles. Our lands have been snatched, homes confiscated, and our men women, and innocent children have been subjugated to a life of suffering and misery. Nevertheless, we vanquished our enemies in our world and now want to finish their masters to end this vicious cycle of oppression.
David's Army, the Army of Elisium, has surrounded your city. We are not your enemies. We just want to save both our worlds from the clutches of tyranny. We offered peace to your king, but he rejected it. Yet our offer is still valid.
Our leader, Jennifer the Reborn, the Super-Transitioner, the true heiress of Solomon and Samuel, has vowed that whoever walks out of the gateways of Aurae before tomorrow's sunrise will suffer no harm. They will be spared the horrors of war and can return to their homes once the war is over.
Come out of the gates and we will welcome you with open arms.
Don't become scapegoats for a despot."
"Yesternight, thousand of such letters were distributed all over Aurae. People got photos of their duplicates delivered at their doorsteps. They had the guts to drop one such envelope at the palace gates as well.” Michael handed another envelope to Marcus. Marcus saw a picture of himself, or rather his duplicate, standing outside a shanty with his wife and kids.
“After seeing the pictures of their counterparts in such miserable conditions, everyone in Aurae now has proof of our regime’s atrocities in Elisium. Their hearts and sympathies are with our enemies. They trust them more than they trust us. They know that our enemies are the ones who want peace but it's their king who is risking the lives of his citizens by opting to fight. In one move they have completely switched public’s loyalties in their favor.”
“How did they get such detailed info about our people?” Marcus asked looking with wide eyes at the family photo in his hand.
“They captured our base in Elisium which had all the data about our citizens. They used our cameras to take these gloomy pictures of their citizens and matched them with our data to prepare these envelopes. I assume John’s supporters helped them deliver these envelopes to proper addresses. I must say that they did quite a commendable job of delivering so many envelopes in a single night." 
Marcus stood up from his chair. "You were supposed to take care of the security of Aurae and you are showing me this?"
"You told me to deploy my troops to protect the boundaries of Aurae. There were only a handful of soldiers within the city and this was done in a very discreet manner with a lot of inside help."
"How did they enter the city?" Miriam joined the conversation.
"No idea. But I guess they unearthed those mysterious tunnels which they had used in Elisium as well."
"Wasn't your useless brother supposed to locate them?" Marcus’s voice was rising with every sentence.
"He hasn't seen their maps and it would be impossible to locate those tunnels without them. Besides that, they have completely broken him. He is a living dead."
"This is just a gimmick. We should just sit tight and things will cool down on their own," Marcus implied.
"I don’t think so. Thousands of people have already gathered near the exit gates and there is a commotion there. As I told you, people seem to have more faith in them than they have in us."
A guard entered the room before Marcus could say something and whispered a few words to Michael.
“Switch on the TV,” Michael ordered the guard.
When the television came to life, a documentary was playing on Aden’s state news channel. The headlines at the bottom read ‘Elisium: The Twin of Aden’. In the beginning, there were some sweeping views of Elisium highlighting the similarities between the two worlds. Then the deserted streets of the Ruins were shown to emphasize how Aurae’s replica had been turned into a ghost town. The remainder of the video focused on the Refuge, showing the pathetic condition of its people and the overall dismal state of Elisium. 
Marcus had to admit that whoever had directed this documentary was a genius. He had taken wide shots of the slums of the Refuge to make them appear inhabitable. Through fleeting shots, he had covered thousands of people in this short movie to ensure that most of the Adeners saw themselves, or someone they loved, on the screen and instantly connected with their plight. A couple of poignant interviews about the injustice and tyranny even made Miriam wipe a tear from her eyes. If the photos inside the envelopes had triggered Adener’s sympathies, these gut-wrenching images of misery and despair burned their hearts. Hearing about a tragedy is one thing, but witnessing its effects with your own eyes is something different altogether.
Marcus sunk back into his chair. This documentary was going to add more fuel to the already raging fire. The situation was quickly spiraling out of control. Bur before he could think of a way to control it a familiar face appeared on the TV screen.
"Hello, people of Aurae. For those who don’t know me, I am John Paul Andrews. I am here to inform you that David's army has infiltrated Aurae and they will take down this despotic regime. Aden's troops are powerless against them. 
I want you to understand that the people of Elisium are not our enemies. They are not invaders. They have already spared the lives of thousands of our soldiers in their world and have promised to not harm anyone of us”
(A video played in the background that showed Aden’s surrendered soldiers in the training ground inside the Ruins. Despite losing the war and sustaining injuries, they looked in good condition and it seemed they were taken good care of. Many Adeners even recognized their relatives in this video and this further strengthened their trust in Elisium’s army.)
John’s sing-song voice continued on the television.
“But to remain safe, we have to move out of harm's way. Our deceitful King, not only rejected their peace terms but also failed to inform us about their offer. David's army has guaranteed that whoever walks out of the city gates before sunrise tomorrow morning, will survive this war unscathed.  Once the war is over we all can move back into our houses. They don't want to displace us but want to save our families from getting killed.
‘Citizens of Aurae, I plead you to move out and not to fall into the trap of a monster, who is willing to sacrifice all of us to save his throne.
‘Once you walk out, you will find that our so-called enemies are ready to welcome us with open arms. They are far more concerned about our safety than the person who claims to be our protector.
The video switched to the outskirts of Aurae where numerous large tents had been erected. Hundreds of Elisians, including women, were making arrangements inside these tents to receive the refugees from Aurae. 
‘Your copies from the other world have come this far to save you from the jaws of a bloody war. They are waiting for you beyond these gates. Come and embrace your other-selves.
Some recordings from Agar played on the screen. People of two worlds embracing each other. Otherworld twins eating and laughing together. The heartwarming clips from the big two-world reunion were enough to quash any remaining doubts. The happy faces made it clear that there were no monsters or enemies amongst the Elisians. Only friends.
‘My brothers and sisters, make a choice and take the leap. May God bless us all."
Marcus's face had turned crimson red. "Where did that transmission come from?"
“Such an emergency broadcast can only be made from our Army command center,” Michael did his best to evade his king’s glare.
"Don't tell me you didn't leave enough men to guard our Command Center. I am seriously having doubts about your ability to tackle this situation." Marcus looked as if he was going to blow up like a volcano.
Michael did his best to stop himself from trembling. He hurriedly took out his walkie and shouted, "Command Center, come in. Command Center?"
John's dreamy voice crackled over the radio. "Ah Michael, I was waiting to hear your voice. Don't worry about your troops here. They are alright. We just incapacitated them. And don't bother about sending any reinforcements. Our job here is done. We will be long gone before anyone arrives. I assume you are with Marcus. I have a little surprise for both of you. Just walk to your balcony and have a look at our glorious Command Center."
Marcus, Michael, and Miriam rushed towards the balcony. The moment their eyes fell on the iconic structure, a series of explosions shook the whole building. The ear-shattering booms of the blasts reverberated around Aurae. They just froze and watched with wide eyes as, with a loud rumbling sound, the whole Command Center started to cave in. Within seconds, the historic building was reduced into a pile of rubble.
"That was the chiming of the bells of war. The formal beginning of the end." John sounded the warning before severing the connection.
Marcus hung his head and trudged back to the dining room. "They are wreaking havoc without even using their biggest weapon, that girl."
Michael shrugged. "They can't bring in their whole army through the tunnels. Can they? I am thoroughly confused. Should I protect the boundaries or pull back my armies to guard the city from within?"
Miriam was the only one who, despite these shocking assaults, was able to think clearly. "These blows shouldn't change our strategies."
"Mother, that wasn't just any other building. That was the heart of our operations. An icon that inspired confidence in our people that everything is under control. They just ran a dagger through that belief."
Michael's radio crackled once again
"Minister Michael come in."
"Yes. Go ahead."
"The crowd is getting out of control at the main gateway. They want us to let them out. They are even attacking our soldiers. Please instruct what to do. The situation is getting out of hand here."
Michael silently looked at Marcus for an answer.
Once again it was Miriam who was able to read the situation. "We can't let them out. They are our only shield. Our insurance". 
"So what do I do?" Michael asked.
"Disperse them. Tell them to go back to their homes."
"I don't think they are in a mood to listen to my commands.” 
"I think, with all those men and weapons at your disposal, you should know how to make people listen when they don't want to. Impose an immediate curfew in the city. Tell people, those who violate this direct order from the king will be treated as rebels. And I assume you know how to deal with rebels."
"There could be rioting."
Marcus was ready for the consequences. "I don’t mind a few dead-bodies, or a few hundred, or even a few thousand. This should persuade people to listen to us. Use the guns and do whatever you have to. I want to crush this internal rebellion before we deal with those enemies outside."
Michael let out an exasperated sigh.
Miriam seemingly sensed his uncertainty. "Michael, no war is won without sacrifices, and sometimes a sea of innocent blood is required to turn the tide. You have to understand that enemies are doing all these gimmicks to avoid bloodshed. They are soft and compassionate and that doesn't help in a war. We must exploit this weakness to rattle them. Innocent blood will gnaw at their consciences. It will perturb them and force them to abandon their well-planned strategies and commit a mistake. And that is when we make our move. But do you have the guts to carry out these orders or shall we entrust this mission to someone else?"
Miriam had masterfully tickled Michael’s ego and he gave the expected response. "Don't worry about my guts, Queen-Mother, I am a true descendant of Henry. Just wait and watch."
Marcus patted the back of his most trustworthy lieutenant. This was his last roll of the dice. "Make it a spectacle, Michael. The gorier it gets, the more it will rattle them. The more blood you spill, the better chance we have of upsetting their plans. This all now comes down to you and your bloodlust. Don't let us down."
"I won't." Michael bowed his head and walked out of the room.
Marcus smiled to himself. The miracle girl had caught him by surprise through her unexpected move, but the return gift was going to shake her to the core and have an everlasting impact on Jennifer and the two worlds.





Chapter Fifty-One
The Rain of Fire
Love has its own powers. It can create life but can also destroy a whole world.
Aden
6L 1/1/1/10
"This is the last warning. We request you all to retreat into your homes. The King has announced a curfew with immediate effect. If you don't follow the orders we will have to use force."
Michael was standing on the balcony above the gateway with a megaphone in his hand.
"To hell with your King. Let us out," shouted a man from the crowd.
"Open the gate."
"Don't drag our children in this war."
"Let us escape."
Michael knew that his warnings were useless.
He grabbed his mic and shouted, "Fire."
His voice shook despite his efforts to control his emotions. He was a ruthlessly ambitious man, but open-firing at thousands of innocents was too big, even for his dark soul.
A ghostly silence followed his command. Soldiers looked in his direction to ascertain whether he actually wanted them to fire at their people. Everyone in the crowd stopped in their tracks to gauge the seriousness of this command.
“Fire,” Michael shouted again. 
Now there was no doubt that Aden’s soldiers had been given an order to kill the very people they had sworn to protect. There was a long, seemingly never-ending, pause, some sweaty palms, furrowed brows, flushed faces but then someone’s finger slipped on the trigger. It had a rippling effect and others followed suit. In a moment of frenzy, the whole hell broke loose.
Adeners were confident that their own army will never shoot at them. But that first bullet shattered their trust, hopes, and dreams, and what followed after that took away their lives. Shrieks of clueless men, helpless women, and innocent children drowned the rumble of the thunderstorms. They tried to flee but there was no escape from the raining death. They cried for help but there was no savior to protect them. Every bullet that pierced flesh left a never-healing wound in the mind of this world. Every body that fell left a curse on its soul. 
Michael never ordered his men to hold fire. His soldiers, stuck in a trance as if possessed by some invisible demons, just kept shooting. It was difficult to understand whether the downpour from the sky was heavier or the shower of bullets. Just like seven cycles ago, the blood of the fallen mixed with the rainwater to form Rivers of blood. But this time around, these streams were much darker and muckier. There was more blood than water. The history of one world had repeated itself in the other, in the most gruesome way.
Children have to pay for their father’s sins, Adeners paid for it with their blood. To start a new era, all previous debts had to be cleared and the balance had to be restored. But that balance claimed a heavy price. And Aden was left on the brink of an endless abyss.
***
Jennifer was planning for the next morning’s attack when Arnold brought the news to the Command tent.
"They are butchering people. We can’t wait till tomorrow. There will be an ocean of blood and all that blood will be on us."
Jennifer paused for a moment. Her fingers started snapping. "There is no time for secret ambushes. We have to charge at them."
"You know that could be suicidal. They might be expecting us to do something like that." Jacob tried to rein her in.
"If you have a better idea, Jennifer is all ears. If we follow our plan and attack tomorrow, we might just be walking into a massive graveyard. Tell me, Jacob, do you want us to bide our time while that monster is on a killing spree. We promised those people a safe haven, so now we cannot abandon them at the time of their need."
David looked at Arnold. "Ready our troops. We attack right now."
***
Michael was standing on the balcony above the gateway of Aurae, monitoring the highway that led to the city. Sounds of gunshots were echoing behind his back as his men were still struggling to control the crowds inside Aurae.
He was quite surprised by the spine shown by some individuals. Anguish steers people towards foolhardy bravado that leads to their destruction. Many Adeners in Aurae were suffering such a fate right now. Confronting armed soldiers with knives and sticks, or even bare hands should certainly qualify as the height of stupid heroism.
Michael was reminiscing on such incidents when his eyes fell on some vehicles speeding down the highway. "Here they come," Michael muttered under his breath. "Just as we expected. Emotional fools, charging towards their deaths."
"Point all our guns and cannons towards the highway. Let us fry a few enemies." Killing his own people had had an inverse effect on Michael. It had freed him from the shackles of morality, right and wrong, good or evil. Nothing mattered to him anymore. All he wanted was to win this war and destroy his enemies.
The soldiers hurriedly turned the levers of their heavy cannons to target the highway. The automatic guns installed on the walls were also turned in that same direction.
Michael ordered them to fire. All the cannons roared in unison. Several enemy trucks were blown away. Many more trucks approached the gateway and Michael told his men to kept firing. He smiled to himself as vehicles after vehicles were blasted by his cannons. This was turning out to be quite easy. His enemies had lost their heads and were simply committing mass suicide.
Nevertheless, Michael knew that the war wasn't over yet. He couldn’t afford to relax till he had got rid of the miracle girl. He just hoped that she was in one of the vehicles shot down by his cannons, but he knew that his enemies weren't that foolish to send her right upfront.
Michael was dragged out of his thoughts when he heard the cry of one of his lieutenants.
"To the left. They are on the left.." His sentence was never completed as he was blown up by a Star-Rock pellet. 
Michael turned around to see David's Army targetting the wall from the other side, from behind the bushes. His troops had concentrated all their efforts towards the highway but that turned out to be just a diversion.
By the time Michael's men could make the necessary adjustment they were caught in a shower of Star-Rock pellets and shells. Their own sophisticated weapons and ammunition, which had been confiscated from the troops that surrendered in Elisium, were now being used against them. The assault was intense and unrelenting and Michael's men were in disarray.
While Michael was trying to salvage the situation his eyes fell on Jennifer. She was standing amidst a protective ring of her soldiers. Their eyes met for a brief moment, and Michael could swear that he saw her smile before she closed her eyes. Although he had never faced her in a battle, still Michael knew what she was about to do.
***
The massacre inside Aurae had necessitated an immediate response but even during this emergency, Jennifer had not lost her head. 
Just remember what grandpa David has told you a thousand times. A calm head in a critical situation is the key to success. You can’t afford a mistake here.
When David ordered his troops to charge towards Aurae, Jennifer instantly remembered scenes from her visions where their vehicles were getting blown up by cannons of Aurae. 
Your enemies are expecting you to come charging at them. First, live up to their expectations and then catch them by surprise.
Jennifer asked her troops to come within a mile of the gateway of Aurae, then get off their vehicles and slip into the thick bushes on the right side of the highway. The soldiers were then told to stealthily move within the bushes towards the wall of Aurae. Once they had reached their positions, the empty vehicles should be set loose down the straight road, one after another, to serve as diversions.
Things panned out exactly as Jennifer had planned. These trucks caught Michael's attention. All cannons, heavy guns, and the majority of Michael's troops were concentrating on the highway when David's Army attacked from the other side. By the time Michael’s troops could recalibrate their cannons, and their plans, they were under heavy fire and suffered many casualties.
However, Michael wasn’t the one to give up that easily. He had spotted Jennifer and ordered all his men to target her. "Shoot her down. We kill her, we win the war," Michael shouted.
The heavy cannons and guns needed time to turn around. The soldiers of Aden tried to shoot at Jennifer but her invisible divine shield and her protective ring of soldiers shielded her from any harm. All Jennifer needed was a clear view of the target and a few seconds.
She opened her eyes, stretched her hands in front of her body, and pointed them towards the gateway of Aurae. Her fingers snapped and her lips moved. 
Her eyes met Michael’s. The look on his face told her that he knew that it was all over. He had seen the end in her eyes.
The earth began to tremble. The gateway of Aurae and the thick walls around it shook like a boat on a turbulent sea. Soldiers of Aden guarding the wall were tossed around. Bullets and shells coming out of their guns and cannons went haywire. Even the soldiers of David's army sunk to the ground due to these wild tremors.
Jennifer firmly stood there, channelizing all her energy and the forces of mother nature to bring down the final barrier, the gateway of Aurae. However, the structure, as if it had a mind of its own, kept defying her. It held its own against the tremendous might of the elements.
Jennifer exerted all her strengths and soon it started to drain her out. Her body shuddered, her face grew pale and her knees buckled. Her heart sank.  
What the hell is happening here. Why isn’t this thing falling? How can something overcome the brute forces of nature? You are letting your people down? All the lives sacrificed so far will count for nothing? You are proving to be useless.
And then, through the corner of her eyes, she saw Shaun calmly step beside her. He took a deep breath and then looked towards the sky. He then spread his hands in front of his body and directed his gaze at the gateway of Aurae.
Jennifer felt a surge of energy course through her body as a violent rumble shook the world. The next second, skies opened up and balls of fire started to batter the wall and the gateway. These fireballs exploded the moment they touched any surface.
People of Aden were eventually getting the Star-Rocks they so badly wanted, although this wasn't exactly the way they had wished to get them. 
Shaun’s whole body was trembling as he targeted the gateway with the might of the elements. 
Holy God! Your cousin also has powers. He has unleashed a tremendous force and hope he can keep that in check. You can’t afford a repeat of what happened exactly a loop ago when this same power was unleashed by an angry mind. You don’t want Aurae turned into the Ruins. 
Jennifer was still lost in her thoughts when she heard a thunderous roar. The gateway and the surrounding wall began to collapse. They had finally given in to the battering from the earth and the sky. The two-pronged attack proved a little too much, even for the strongest of the structures. 
The final frontier was breached. A large chunk of Aden's army and its defense mechanism was wiped out with the gateway. Jennifer breathed a sigh of relief.
At long last, David's army entered Aurae. From being the ones getting persecuted to becoming the ones who now held the aces, Jennifer and his people had come a long one.
It was now time to get hold of their biggest nemesis.
It was time to face Marcus, the demon king.
***
Jennifer was lying to the ground, breathing heavily. Shaun sat down beside her.
"Thanks for the support, my dear cousin. Jennifer must admit that you took every one of us by surprise by the timely display of your powers."
Shaun folded his arms. "I myself wasn't sure about them, but of late I have been having some strange dreams, where an old man.."
"Our dear grandpa Adam. He just can’t stop invading people’s minds." Jennifer chuckled.
Shaun nodded. "Yes, it is so annoying to have someone walking around in your brain. Anyways, he kept telling me that since I am the twin of Moses and was born on that special date, I can access the powers of the Transitioners. He believed that during the turn of the loop I might be able to control the elements, even without the amulet. He believed that if a situation arises and the chosen one needs some help, I could provide that extra support."
"And you did a great job." 
"I wasn't convinced by Adam's idea because he said that no one other than the Transitioner has been able to control the elements in earlier loops. However, when I saw you under pressure I thought this was the time to at least give it a try."
"Thank God you did that. To be honest, Jennifer was on the edge. That wall and the gateway had pushed her to limits. The Star-Rock shower was a great idea."
"Grandpa Adam taught me a few tricks. Since you were already shaking the earth I thought a little help from the skies should do the job. Thankfully it worked."
David came from behind and patted Shaun on his back. "A great job by our secret hero. Now we must get moving and end this before Marcus has any new demonic ideas."
Jennifer looked at the clear skies. The ominous dark clouds had disappeared after the Star-Rock shower.
"Even the all-powerful elements are exhausted and you expect this humble mortal to keep going on." Jennifer gave her brother a complaining look.
David smiled and offered her his hand to stand up. "One last task my little sister, and then your brother won't bother you anymore. And please keep your elemental friends ready. We might need them for one last hurrah."
***
David's army entered Aurae through the debris of the fallen gateway. Despite Shaun's best efforts, some Star-Rocks had hit buildings inside Aurae. Many structures close to the wall were on fire.
But the actual scene of horror was spread out on the road. Thousands of dead bodies were strewn across the street. Men, women, and children, young and old, healthy and sick, none had been spared. The scattered bodies indicated that people had tried to run but were savagely hunted down. The street was still waterlogged, with blood-red water.  And it was hard to tell what was more, the blood or the water?
Marcus's warning echoed in Jennifer's mind while walking through this blood-flooded road. If you want to capture this world you will have to get your hands tainted with innocent blood. If your consciences allow you to win this city after wading through rivers of blood, then be my guest. He had exactly done what he had promised. All this blood was on her.
Jennifer's eyes fell on the body of a young woman clutching her infant child to her chest. A bullet had pierced her child’s face and then passed through her heart. Tears began to roll down her cheeks.
Smith pulled her out of her trance. "We have survivors on the wall and the gateway, including Michael. He is badly injured but alive"
"Keep them alive. Jennifer will make them pay for every drop of blood they have spilled here."
David turned to Darren, who was walking alongside him. "Take Arnold with you and secure the other two gateways. We don't want any more massacres."
Darren quietly nodded and went on his way.
"Joseph, you take Kepler with you. Make him mark out the strategic locations inside the city and take control of them. I hope he is cooperating?"
"He had pinned his hopes on the wall. After it fell, he seems to have acknowledged that this is a lost cause now. Has been quite useful since then."
"Okay, get moving and sweep the whole city. In the meantime, Jennifer and I must take care of the devil. It's time to see Marcus."
Aurae was a huge city but its streets were deserted due to the curfew. Quite surprisingly there was very little resistance from the remaining troops of Aden. Apart from a few small companies defending some important buildings, their troops were conspicuously absent. David’s army was quickly able to secure most parts of the city.
Jennifer and David reached the Grand Palace. It took their troops more than an hour to overcome the soldiers on the outer boundaries of the courtyard before storming the inner grounds.
And that is where their forces faced real resistance. More than two thousand heavily armed soldiers were protecting the Palace. They were positioned in different areas of the courtyard and also at the windows and the balconies. These soldiers opened fire at David’s army when they entered the inner premises. David's men suffered heavy casualties in this cross-firing before Marcus, who was standing on the central balcony, ordered his men to hold fire.
Marcus grabbed a microphone and called out Jennifer. "Jennifer my dear, come forward. Let us talk, face to face."
Jennifer, who was in the outer courtyard, looked at David who shook his head. Marcus couldn’t be trusted.
Marcus called out again. "I assume you are not too keen about seeing me, so let me tell you something which might influence your decision. My troops are holding thousands of people as hostages on the two other gateways of Aurae. I am holding a radio in my hand and my soldiers are waiting for my command. One word from me and those people will suffer the same fate that some unfortunate ones suffered this morning. If we can reach an amicable solution, I will order my troops to stand down. The decision lies with you. We can meet and talk and no more people need to die. But if you are too scared for your own life, then prepare to get more blood on your soul."
Jennifer didn’t wait for his brother’s approval. She stepped inside the courtyard and walked towards the palace. David was on her side, with a company of soldiers shielding them from every direction. Most of them had their guns leveled at Marcus. They were ready to shoot him down if he played any tricks. They stopped a few meters from the palace.
Marcus surveyed the ring of soldiers surrounding Jennifer. "I assume we don't have each other's trust. Don't worry, I am well within the range of your guns. I can’t try anything silly here. Can I? Now I am coming down to the courtyard and I want you to step forward as well. We meet in the center where our troops can watch over both of us."
"Why can’t we talk from here only?" Jennifer asked.
"Negotiations can't be done like this. We need to discuss a few fine points which I can’t let everyone hear.”
"We both rejected each other’s peace proposals. What's new to discuss now?" 
"Situation has changed a lot in the last day or so. Yes, you have broken through my defenses but I too have a little bit of leverage over you.” Marcus said waving the walkie in his hand.  “I think under these changed circumstances we might be able to reach some sort of agreement."
Marcus descended from the balcony and stood behind his troops. David stepped forward. "Being the chief of David’s army and Jennifer’s elder brother, I will talk to you on her behalf."
"Brother, let Jennifer go. She can handle him," Jennifer whispered to David.
"You are my responsibility and I don’t trust this venomous snake. I promised our father that I will protect you till the last drop of my blood. I can't allow you to take such a risk."
Marcus interrupted their discreet conversation. "Might not work that way. The talks should be between the current king and the future Queen. I don't want a situation where you agree to something, which your sister doesn't approve of later."
"My sister has given me the complete authority," David said gesturing towards Jennifer, who nodded her approval. "She will abide by every decision I take on her behalf."
Marcus shook his head, but before he could say anything else, David started to walk towards the center. Marcus reluctantly took a few steps and then stopped behind the lines of his troops. Before David could register that Marcus wasn’t walking, he heard something click under his foot.
His heart stopped and his muscles stiffened when he realized what had just happened. He turned around to have one last look at his sister.
Their eyes met before a loud explosion reverberated through the courtyard. Jennifer let out a cry of anguish when she saw her mentor, protector, and only brother blown to pieces.
Marcus ducked behind the lines of his soldiers. "Damn! Kill her. Shoot her down." 
Both armies started firing at each other. Marcus barked into his walkie, "Kill them all. They are all rebels. Let rivers of blood flow in Aurae. Let Adeners know what happens to those who go against their king."
Jennifer was on her knees, sobbing uncontrollably. Her heart was gutted. She was beyond herself. Her brother’s brutal murder had shaken her to the core. 
They took away your father by betrayal and now they have killed your brother through another act of treachery. They are monsters. You must punish them all.
Jennifer slowly got back on her feet. As if in a trance, she started to move forward. Her grieving heart messed up her brain and her invisible divine shield was no longer there to protect her. Enemy soldiers sensed an opportunity to finish off the mourning Savior.
A flurry of bullets traveled in her direction, but they fell to the ground inches from her. Shaun had once again come to her aide and, just at the right moment, conjured an invisible shield in front of her.
"Jennifer stop. What the hell are you trying to do?" Shaun screamed, but his words fell on deaf ears.
Jennifer kept walking till she reached the spot where his brother was blown to pieces. She looked in Marcus's direction and called him out in a thunderous voice, that echoed around the courtyard. Everyone just froze. The fiery battle paused for that moment. "Marcus, you venomous treacherous monster. You, and everyone who has aided you, will have to pay for your deceit. No one will be spared. Nature’s wrath will fall on you."
Jennifer looked towards the sky and closed her eyes. Her lips quivered, her fingers snapped and the ruby in her forehead turned crimson. 
Shaun had seen that rage in her eyes and guessed what was about to happen. He shouted to his men, "Retreat. Run. Get as far away from here as possible." 
Soldiers of David's army fell back as Shaun continued to shield Jennifer and himself from the enemy bullets.
In a matter of few seconds, an ominous dark cloud engulfed Aurae. Forces of nature gathered to help their Transitioner for one last time. On cue, the moment Jennifer opened her eyes, the heavens opened their gates. And it wasn't water that was raining from the skies.
Everything became a blur. Star-Rocks pelted down on Aurae. Balconies of the palace, walls of the courtyard, the fountains, the statues, the trees, and humans, anything and everything started to explode. The Grand Palace was the epicenter of the mayhem, but there was carnage all around it.
Soldiers of Aden tried to flee, but there was no escaping the rain of death. In their panic, some of them ran towards the courtyard and set off the mines they had laid down for their enemies. They were trapped within their own trap.
Shaun helplessly witnessed the destruction. This wasn't a controlled assault but a raging fury. This was the repeat of Solomon taking down Thomas. History was replaying itself in the most gruesome manner. Aurae was getting turned into the Ruins. Shaun could also hear the explosions outside the palace boundaries. Jennifer had to be reined in before it was too late, but ironically, the murder of the only person who could control her had triggered this catastrophe.
Marcus, cowering behind a pillar, watched everything around him getting destroyed. His plan to treacherously kill Jennifer had most spectacularly backfired. All he could do now was to see his family, his men, his palace, his city, and everything he loved getting blown away.
James somehow managed to dodge the Star-Rocks and reached Jennifer. He looked at his wife, frozen like a statue, staring at the sky. She was trembling with fury and it looked as if all her veins might burst due to the powers she was exerting to destroy this place. The ruby within her forehead was glowing like a red beacon. However, James noticed that all color had left her face and her whole body had turned pale. 
James hugged his wife. He didn't know the magic words that David had spoken to pull her back the other day, but he knew that love has a magic of its own. "Come back to me, my love. This is over. We have won. Our enemies are finished and you don't want to destroy this whole world. You don't want to end up killing the very people for whom we started this fight. You don't want to repeat the mistakes of the foregone era. Look at me, my love. Please, come back to me." James tightened his embrace and felt her rigid body loosening up. 
Jennifer broke her gaze from the sky and looked into her husband’s eyes. She felt like she was melting in his arms. She kissed him on his lips. “I love you, James. Jennifer loves you more than her life."
“I love you too my girl. I love you too.”
Jennifer tightly held onto him, as a drowning person holds onto a log. "Thank you, James, for pulling Jennifer back from the abyss. She had drifted away, don't know where. Maybe in some other world, some other space, but your love reached out to her and brought her back.”
“I won’t let you go anywhere. I will always be there for you.”
The Star-Rock shower began to slow down. Everyone breathed a sigh of relief.
The Catastrophe of Aurae, which began because of Jennifer's love for her brother, was ended by her husband's love.
Love has its own powers. It can create life but can also destroy a whole world.
Jennifer’s eyes fell on Marcus, who had somehow survived the carnage. "Jennifer can blow you up right now, just like Solomon blasted Thomas, but that would be too easy a death for you. Jennifer has a much better plan."
Some soldiers of David’s army nabbed him and took him away
The great war, at last, came to an end.
Every war is followed by celebrations and mournings. But this was an unusual war. This was a war where the attackers tried to save the people they were invading when their own army opened fire at them. A war that began with rivers of innocent blood and concluded by a rain of fire. A war where victors weren’t celebrating because despite the victory they felt that somewhere they had failed in their mission. And a war where not all the vanquished were mourning because they saw a silver lining behind this cloud of gloom. This war was not like others. This was a war of twins. A war of identicals. A war between two parts of a one, to make it whole once again.
However, the toughest part about war is to take stock of its damage. In this strange war, its aftermath was going to decide the future of the two worlds.




Chapter Fifty-Two
The Conclusion
The Last Conference
The Games of Destiny are beyond the wits of the mortals
Aden 
6L 1/1/1/11
“Drive Jennifer around Aurae. Jennifer wants to see what she has done.”
There was a crystal clear sky in the morning following the Catastrophe of Aurae. The elements had no more energy left and the Transitioner had almost spent herself. Jennifer looked pale and was barely able to stand on her feet but she was adamant about her plan. Though everyone was against this idea, John, Joseph, and Shaun reluctantly gave in and joined them on the tour. As they drove around the city, they saw the aftermath of this bloody war. 
You betrayed the people you promised to keep safe. You turned this city into ashes. You failed in your mission.
Jennifer had turned the Grand palace into complete ruins, but the other buildings around it were heavily damaged as well. Anyone could easily guess the fate of its residents by looking at their dissipated state.
"Any news of people inside the palace?" Jennifer asked John.
"We have retrieved the bodies of some soldiers. As for Marcus's family, we found Miriam and her daughter buried under the rubble. Marcus's wife and his two sons are still missing and I don't think we are going to find them alive."
She turned towards Joseph. "How many men did we lose?" 
"Not many at the gateway. We did lose a few when we stormed the courtyard. Some of our men were hit by the Star-Rock shower as well. The count is still on."
Jennifer kept a straight face. No one could read behind that mask. "What about their troops?"
"Thousands killed and many more injured. Most of the soldiers inside the city surrendered, including those at the two gateways, although not before carrying out Marcus's last order."
"Take Jennifer to the gateway."
Shaun shook his head. "I don't think that is a great idea. A huge crowd has assembled there and they might not be too friendly."
"Jennifer wants to see it. Take her there."
Her tone had an air of finality and it didn’t leave them much choice. Their car had to wade through massive crowds to reach gateway number two. Jennifer's head dropped and her face lost its remaining color when she saw the scenes in front of her eyes.
If anything, this was even worse than the main gateway. The whole area was cordoned off by tall barricades. It was clear that the people here didn’t even get a chance to run and save themselves when the soldiers opened fire on them. The barricades were colored in blood. The street was red. Children were squeezed under their parents who had tried to shield them from the bullets. Some others were crushed under the stampeding crowd. Some people had climbed over the dead bodies in a bid to jump the barricades but got shot and ended up hanging over them. There were distorted faces, mashed limbs, spilled organs, pools of blood, and piles of dead bodies.
Jennifer got out of her vehicle and walked towards this massive graveyard.
"This is the demoness which caused the rain of fire," someone shouted from the crowd.
"You promised us peace, but you brought us death."
"You lured these people out of their homes to get butchered."
"All these deaths are on you. You are a blood-thirsty witch."
"You brought doom to our world. Go back to your damned world."
"Go back, witch."
"Go back."
The crowd had found a face to vent out their anger. They closed in on Jennifer and some of them tried to make their way towards her. Jennifer’s guards were having a hard time shielding her.
Jennifer felt like throwing up seeing the gruesome scenes. Her knees grew weak and she had to hold on to James to remain on her feet.
"I think we should leave," James suggested. 
Jennifer quietly nodded. They climbed back into their vehicle.
"What is the situation at the third gateway?" she asked John.
"Almost the same. Maybe a few hundred fewer dead bodies."
"These massacres wouldn't have happened if we hadn’t provoked the people to come out," Jennifer's voice trailed off. 
Shaun tried to comfort her. "It is not our fault. We wanted to take people out of harm's way. No one could have guessed that Marcus would turn into a blood-sucking demon." 
"But our plan backfired most spectacularly. Jennifer had seen these scenes in her visions and yet she failed to plan for it. We ended up getting more people killed in a single day than Aden's army had killed in the last seven cycles. So, tell me, did we succeed in our mission?"
"It was their own army, acting on the orders of their king, who slaughtered them," John argued. "We didn't fire a single shot at any unarmed person"
Jennifer felt a lump forming in her throat. "And what about the rain of fire? Marcus, and maybe his mother, deserved what they got, but what about his sister, his wife, and his sons? Many unarmed men, clueless women, and innocent children burned to their deaths in and around the Grand Palace. How can we justify that? There is no hiding from the fact that hundreds of people lost their lives because Jennifer lost her head. Maybe she actually is, what they were calling her out there, a blood-thirsty witch."
James put his hand around his wife’s shoulder. "Jennifer, no revolution succeeds without sacrifices. When we started this war we knew some lives will be lost. But you have to look at the brighter side. Just look at what you have achieved. You liberated two worlds from the grasp of a demon who readily sacrificed thousands in a bid to save his crown."
"And Jennifer turned herself into a monster while doing it. You know very well that she had lost her mind and only God knows what she would have done if you wouldn't have pulled her back."
John tried to divert her attention. "These are effects of war. Just look at what the soldiers of Aden did. They butchered their own people. Maybe their consciences might have held them back, but one of them fired a bullet and it had a rolling effect on others. They were caught in the heat of the moment and the notions of right and wrong, good and evil, were all forgotten. It is quite common for people to lose control of their senses in such situations." 
You lost control. You burned the innocent.
These scorched buildings, these rivers of blood, these piles of bodies are all on your soul. Do you even have a soul? You are empty from within. Hollow. 
How can you even live under such a mountain of guilt?
You didn’t win. You lost terribly. You failed your ancestors. You are a shame.
She kept fighting with herself till they reached John's house, the temporary residence of Jennifer, the Reborn. A large crowd had gathered here as well. Claudia, Shaun's mother, was waiting for her near the gate. She came forward and hugged Jennifer as soon as she stepped out of her vehicle.
"You did it, my child. You freed this world from the terror of the demon. That monster murdered thousands of Aurae’s residents, who had been so loyal to him, just to provoke you, now imagine, what he would have done to the Adeners who had rebelled against him. You saved millions from getting slaughtered. Aden and Elisium will forever be indebted to you."
A bit of color returned to Jennifer's cheeks. She even managed a half-smile. "Jennifer tried her best to accomplish what she was destined to do, although she failed in many areas."
Claudia kissed Jennifer on the forehead. "You did great my child and we are all grateful for that. These people have gathered here to express their gratitude. There are millions of others, in all parts of this world, who want to do the same. And we all now have one last request. Solomon, the Conqueror, revived this world from slumber and drove it on the path of progress. You, the true heiress of Solomon, saved this world from a free fall and now we want you to take it to its zenith. You are our Savior and we want you to be our Queen."
"Hail Jennifer the Reborn. Hail the Savior Queen," someone shouted from the crowd.
All the people around her started chanting her name.
Tears welled up in her eyes. Adener’s warmth melted away her sorrows. Her heart started to beat again. She waited for the chant to slow down before she addressed the people.
"Your love and affection have filled Jennifer’s heart with joy. She came to Aden, to overthrow a despotic regime and restore peace and prosperity in our worlds. However, only God knows how much she succeeded in that endeavor. Yes, it was Solomon who drove this world towards prosperity and it would be quite appropriate that his true heir guides you back on that road." Jennifer paused to take a deep breath and then added in a soft voice, "but Jennifer is not that person."
There was a collective gasp from the crowd. 
"Don't say that," someone shouted from the crowd.
"We all believe in you," cried another.
"Jennifer doesn't belong to this world," Jennifer continued. "There are thousands of people out there who hold her responsible for whatever happened to this city. They call her a demon, or a witch, and want her to go back to her world. And maybe they are right. When we are looking to rebuild our world, the last thing we want is a large group of people not trusting their ruler. And besides that, people of Jennifer’s world also need someone to look after them."
"So you will leave us just like that? Without a leader?" Shaun asked.
"No," Jennifer replied looking at Shaun. She then turned back towards the crowd. "There is a true heir of Solomon right amongst you. If not for some unanticipated twists of destiny, he might have become the Transitioner after Moses. The Lords of Nature have bestowed him with powers. Jennifer would have never breached the gateway of Aurae without his help nor would have survived the assault inside the Palace courtyard. He is much stronger in the face of adversity and has a much calmer head than her. 
‘Remember people, it was him who dared to stand by Paul's side and bring you all together to go against the regime even before Jennifer arrived in this world. I am sure he has the courage of Solomon, and just like him, he will truly become a great king. With a pious heart and a strong will, he will inspire everyone in this world to fight the odds and live their dreams. And that might as well be a perfect tribute to Moses. So let us place our trust in Shaun, the Courageous."
"Shaun, the Courageous," Joseph cried.
"Shaun, the Courageous," James joined Joseph.
Soon loud chants of "Shaun the Courageous" rose towards the sky.
The reign of terror was officially over and Aden had its new king.
After seven cycles of darkness, a true heir of Solomon was going to lead them towards a bright future.
Moses never regained his Lost Paradise, but destiny gave his twin brother a chance to rebuild that Eden.
The Games of Destiny are beyond the wits of the mortals.
***
The new loop was two weeks old. Two weeks of upheaval that brought calm, chaos that restored order, war that ended tyranny, destruction that paved way for progress, death that gave hope to life, and darkness that ushered a bright day. The fortunes of the two sisters had changed in the last fourteen days. Those worlds had turned upside down.
Jennifer and James were standing at the Deck of Nineteen Martyrs ready to jump into the Eye of Tenebra. Most of the other Elisians had already returned to Elisium in the last couple of days.
Shaun, who had been officially coronated as the King a day ago, had come to see them off. Jacob, Joseph, John, Darren, and the whole new Council of Aden were present as well.
Jennifer hugged Jacob. "With father, uncle Nathan, and David all gone, you were the one Jennifer was looking up to. Are you sure you don't want to come back?"
"I am an old man, my child. I won't be around for too long. I just want to spend my last few days in the world I was born in."
"May you live long and may all your coming days be filled with joy."
 She then turned towards John. "How is Marcus doing?" 
"He was pleading with me to put him out of his misery. The humiliation of being tied to a trunk at the gateway and getting publicly lashed has broken him. Now and then people spit on his face and children throw stones at him. I had to tighten the security around him to make sure someone doesn’t kill him. Keeping him alive is much more fun. Michael of course is giving him some good company there."
"What about Christopher?" Jennifer felt a twinge in her heart as mentioning Christopher reminded her of her father.
"He seems like a decent man. Although we aren’t sure, his story seems genuine. Just like your father, he always seems to wish the good of these worlds. Still, we will keep a close watch on him and also try to use his tactical expertise in the governance of Aden."
Jennifer nodded. 
"Aden will always remember what you did for this world. You will forever live in the heart of every Adener. Goodbye, sister. See you soon." Shaun said to Jennifer holding her hand.
Jennifer gave her cousin a parting hug. "Brother, take good care of this world and its people. They all are now your responsibility."
Jennifer bid adieu to everyone else and waved to the massive crowd that had gathered there to bid farewell to their Savior. For one last time, she looked at the world she was never going to see again.
Then holding her husband's hand, she took her last leap.
The whirlpool sucked her in. She didn’t emerge on the other end, rather she felt someone was pulling her down. She desperately tried to keep herself afloat but noticed that the water around her had turned red. Blood red. She looked around and saw hundreds of dead bodies swirling into the water. She felt a twinge in her heart and gave up her struggle. Her body started to sink to the bottom. Water entered her lungs. Quite ironically, she was about to die in the same whirlpool that connected the destinies of her two worlds. Life began to drain out of her as darkness engulfed her. And then there was a flash of bright light.
Adam was standing near her. "You need to let it go. You can't keep dwelling on it. The massacres weren't your fault."
Jennifer was inside a brightly lit room, sitting on a chair around a large table.
Noah raised an eyebrow. "I thought there were no more Conferences allowed after the turn of loop.”
"These are special circumstances," Adam replied.
"Don't you think you are bending the rules a little too much? Anyways I am happy to see my dear Jennifer once again." Noah quickly turned to Jennifer before Adam could give him an earful. "Although I am a little disappointed by you. You used Adam's tornadoes, Abraham's earthquake, David's divine shields, and Solomon's Rain of Fire. Only my floods didn’t make an appearance."
"If you didn't notice, there were already rivers of blood flowing in Aden. So she wisely decided against adding more blood and bodies to it." Adam immediately regretted his comment.
Jennifer's eyes were locked at the floor and her voice was barely a whisper. "Yes, Jennifer had already created a holy mess. Thankfully she didn't do any more damage."
Adam sighed. “You still don’t understand the whole picture and that is the precise reason I have called this conference. I must clarify a few points that seem to be lost on every one of you.”
“And what are they?” Jennifer asked.
“First let me explain to you the basic essence of the so-called Dance of Two Sisters. Nature created two worlds that were identical in every aspect. We know that the Holy Number Twenty-One is made up of Two and One. It is a symbol to show that the Two worlds are One in their essence. Two bodies with One Soul. Everything in them is interconnected, just like the twin whirlpools. Therefore to emphasize this oneness of the Two, every cosmic phenomenon in these worlds was based on the Holy Number.” 
Everyone in the room had their gaze fixed on Adam.
“Then five loops ago, when the human population in both worlds reached a considerable number, the Wheel of Transition was set in motion. I was sent down and given powers to start this process.”
“But why to put in such a strange system, where one world developed while the other stagnated?” Solomon asked. 
“There were many reasons for that. Some of them are beyond our understanding. But one of the reasons was that neither I nor the amulet that inherited all my powers could be in two worlds at a given time. For a properly controlled growth of these worlds, Lords of Nature designed a gradual system of development that had to be looked over by a single lineage. Hence we, the lineage of Transitioners, were assigned this task and were bestowed with powers to execute our duties.”
“But why couldn’t both worlds develop together. Why this stop-start process?” This time it was Abraham who asked the question.
“Because if these two worlds were left on their own, there was a chance that one might heavily outshine the other. Maybe grow a little too fast. Nature wanted a slow but steady development. It didn’t want these worlds to reach their zenith too quickly, because every zenith is followed by a nadir. Many civilizations in this universe grew too fast, consumed their resources, and then collapsed. I think one such far-off planet called earth is on the verge of the same fate. This system of rotating growth adapted by the caretakers of our worlds worked perfectly. We, the Transitioners, alternated between the two worlds and helped them develop steadily.”
“After looking at what happened in the last loop, I won’t say that the system worked perfectly,”  Solomon quipped.
“You are one of the main reasons for the failure of this system. Your Catastrophe pushed Elisium back by many cycles. And your over-eagerness to transform Aden, just to placate your guilt of the Catastrophe, put Aden on a hyper mode. It developed at a breakneck speed and in a matter of few cycles, the gulf between the two worlds became too wide. The whole point behind this dance was to maintain balance but your extra effort just flipped it. What Lords of Nature had feared happened in the last loop. One world massively transcended the other and messed up the whole process.”
“And I think Andrews’s little adventure worsened the situation,” Moses said.
“Yes, you can say that. However, another reason behind this system of alternating fortunes was that the Lords of Nature wanted the two worlds to interdepend on each other. They wanted them to have a mutual understanding and harmonious relationship, like two loving twins. That was the main essence of these identical creations. At a right time, people of both worlds had to know about each other’s existence and come face to face with their counterparts. Right from the beginning, that was an integral part of the grand scheme of things. We Transitioners had to maintain the balance so that when our worlds finally meet, they meet as equals. However, Andrews’s little foray ushered that meeting before its time was due and a few people’s ulterior motives ruined that much-awaited get-together.”
“If the meeting of two worlds was all a part of the grand scheme then why did things fall apart so spectacularly?” Jennifer asked.
“Did they? I don’t see it that way.”
“If thousands getting killed doesn’t fit your criteria of things falling apart then I don’t know what to say?” Jennifer had an edge to her voice.
“An initial conflict was always expected during the first meeting. Although I must admit that it got a little out of hand. However, you must see the larger picture. After the Catastrophe, the massacre, rivers of blood, and years of exploitation there was an imbalance between Aden and Elisium. They weren’t the same anymore. One of the main imbalances was in the human population. There were people in Aden whose counterparts didn’t exist in Elisium. Before the beginning of a new era, an era of peace and harmony, the two worlds had to become identical once again. Identical in every aspect. Just like they were five loops ago, right at the beginning. The lost balance had to be restored.”
Adam paused for a moment to let that sink in. All the brains in the room were racing to decipher what Adam meant.
Abraham spoke first. “You mean to say that the massacres at the gateways and Jennifer’s rain of fire were ways to eliminate the extra population and restore the balance?”
Adam nodded.
Jennifer found a loophole in this theory. “But that can’t be true. Thousands of more people were killed in Aden than in Elisium.”
“During the Catastrophe and the massacres in the last loop, many families were wiped out from Elisium, whereas their counterparts in Aden grew in numbers. There was a huge gap in the population of the two worlds and that gap had to be closed out. Hence, the loss of lives here was much more.”
“Are you implying that during the last few days, only those people were killed in Aden whose counterparts didn’t exist in Elisium? Only those lineages suffered losses whose counterparts had become extinct in Elisium during the last loop?”  David asked.
“Ways of nature are beyond comprehension. Just like Solomon wiped out nobles of Elisium, Jennifer wiped out nobles of Aden. The massacres of Aden leveled out the rivers of blood in Elisium. Once the smoke settles and the picture gets clear, you will see that more or less the same set of people have survived in both worlds. The population of the two worlds will be identical once again. There will be a few wrinkles here and there. Like Jacob and Joseph in Aden and Cynthia and Jennifer in Elisium, who don’t have their counterparts in the other world. But that is the beauty of nature. Even identical twins have small differences to tell them apart, a mole here or a birthmark there.”
Jennifer shook her head. “You mean to say all those people were killed just to maintain two identical worlds? This whole war, the sufferings, was just to restore some damned balance.”
“In these worlds and many other worlds in the universe, Nature has to maintain balance. Floods, earthquakes, plagues, wars, are all just means to do so. This is all for a greater cause. When these worlds start to outgrow their boundaries and head for doom, Nature pulls them back to help them sustain.”
“So the loss of all these lives was predetermined. One way or the other, irrespective of Jennifer’s actions, these people were anyhow going to die?” Jennifer asked.
“You can say so.”
“If that is true then Marcus was just a puppet of destiny as well. He just did what he was supposed to do. He is no more a villain than Jennifer is.”
“Destiny always gives you a choice. What you choose decides your fate. Marcus could have chosen not to kill those people. It was the darkness of his soul that made him slaughter them.”
“But if he wouldn’t have killed them, then how the balance would have been restored?”
“As I told you Nature has its ways. For example, earthquakes and floods are a regularity during the days of extreme darkness. If Marcus hadn’t made that choice Nature would have taken some other course of action.”
“That also means that Jennifer shouldn’t have conjured that rain of fire. Nature would have taken care of it as well.”
Adam came near Jennifer. “I want you to answer just one question. What made you lose your head and conjure that rain of fire?”
“David’s death and Marcus’s treachery,” Jennifer replied meekly.
Adam then turned to Solomon. “What made you bring the Catastrophe?”
“Thomas’s deceit and the death of all of my loyal men.”
“Don’t you see the connection?” Adam asked Jennifer. “Do you think that this is just a coincidence that the destructions of the Capital and Aurae were both triggered by the fury of Transitioners who lost their dear ones? Maybe, it was just a way for the Lords of Nature to get things done. They created a situation and you both responded on expected lines.”
Adam put a comforting hand around Jennifer. “I know the casualties of the Rain of Fire are gnawing at your heart. However, dwelling on the sorrows of the past only leads to despair in the future. Those people had to leave this world one way or another. That was their destiny. And don’t worry, Nature never lets anyone get wasted. Maybe what lies for those souls in the afterworld is much better than what they had in this world.”
Jennifer quietly nodded, although her eyes were still moist.
“You must leave the darkness behind and look at the brighter side. You have put both worlds back in balance. Two has again become One. Aden and Elisium are once again like two newly-born identical twins. And with the amulet gone the Wheel of Transition has, at last, come to a halt.”
“So there will be no upheavals from now on? No ups and downs?” Jennifer asked.
“From now on, there will be no bright world or the dark world. This wheel was always meant to be stopped at some point, and with both worlds nearly in balance, this is the right time to do so. You and Shaun are now the parents of these twins. Lords of Nature have once again turned them identical from every natural angle, now you two have to take care of the remaining aspects. You both have to rebuild these worlds just like parents raise their identical twins by providing them the same clothes, the same food, etc. And with the door of cooperation now open, the two sisters will also have to look after each other. One’s deficiency will have to be filled by the other.”
“From where do we start?” Jennifer asked.
“Aden has the technology and Elisium has the spirit. Adeners see you as your Savior and also owe you for freeing them from the clutches of a tyrant. So take Shaun’s help to bring technology into your world and level it up on that front. In return, you can provide him with your men to stabilize his world. The portal is open for a few more days, utilize this time to chalk up the outlines. Finalize your plans now and quickly get to work.”
“You want us to redevelop these worlds as exact replicas?” 
 “Yes, that is the essence of this whole exercise. As Shaun tries to rebuild Aurae, you bring people back into the Ruins and restore it to its previous glory. Believe me, you have a great chance to achieve the ultimate goal of establishing two identical worlds. After the war, they might already be having the same sets of the human population. So if you put in the effort, Elisium will catch up on the technological and infrastructural fronts in a couple of mini-cycles. Soon the monuments, the houses, and every other thing inside the Ruins will resemble that of Aurae. Hopefully, in near future, both the sisters will become truly identical and will remain so forever.”
“That will need some monumental effort.”
“By steadying these wildly gyrating worlds you have already achieved what looked like impossible."
Jennifer smirked. "Achieving the impossible! Jennifer almost failed at felling a simple wall. If not for Shaun's timely intervention she would have botched up the whole mission. But of course, you knew that she was not capable enough and might fail at some point. That is why you kept Shaun ready as a backup."
Adam’s clenched his jaw. "Have you completely taken leave of your senses? I didn’t train Shaun because I expected you to fail. I did that because I understood that the odds were heavily against you and you may need some help. I thought you might be grateful but now I see that is not the case."
Abraham intervened to save Jennifer from Adam's verbal wrath. "That wall wasn't as simple as you think. Do you know who built that wall and the gateway? Adam himself. They had survived five loops and stood there because no one had the powers to destroy it. Do you know why?”
Jennifer shook her head.
“Before Adam's era, both these worlds were inhabited by demons and humans alike. When the human population grew in numbers, demons started attacking humans. Adam defeated the demons in wars, but some of them survived by hiding. Adam built this wall and the gateway to protect this city from demon attacks. They were built with other-worldly materials and were reinforced by the strongest enchantments. They could survive earthquakes, lightning, and everything you could imagine. That is why you felt that they were resisting your attack as if they had a mind of their own. The fact that you and Shaun were able to bring them down, must count as an astonishing achievement."
Adam added while taking long deep breaths. “I had used all my powers to strengthen it. The only explanation for the caving in of that gateway is that the forces guarding it would have sensed the divine intervention from the earth and the sky. They would have realized that something extraordinary is happening, and hence decided to give in.”
Before anyone else could start another topic, Moses got up from his chair and came near Jennifer. "Choosing Shaun as the King of Aden was a great gesture from you."
"That is the least Jennifer could have done for you. And Shaun deserves it much more than me. He is a true heir to that throne and has a far better temperament than Jennifer. God knows what Jennifer would have done if James hadn't called out to her."
Adam grunted. "Here we go again. You must stop admonishing yourself. If not for you, then for the little one that is growing inside you. Have you seen your condition? Do you know what effect this will have on his health?"
Jennifer gasped and covered her mouth with her hands. "So are you telling Jennifer that what she is suspecting is actually true? How is that even possible? You told her that she can never conceive?"
Adam gave a warm and affectionate smile. "Remember my child, when there is a will, there is hope, a miracle is always around the corner."
"But you just told us that there will be no more Transition. No more superhuman interference in these worlds."
"Lords of Nature didn't want one world with a powerful king and the other without one. But then they thought that both the worlds with true kings would be much better than both of them without them. Shaun and his wife will soon have a child as well. As for the superpowers, I don't know whether these children will have them or not. However, what I know for sure is that both these twin worlds will now have my descendants as parents to look after them. They will be identical from this aspect as well."
Adam came forward and kissed Jennifer on the forehead. "So my child cheer up. People of Elisium might not want a King with a gloomy face."
A cheerful smile lightened up Jennifer. Her cheeks turned pink.
Noah clapped his hands. "That is the Jennifer we all love." 
Adam looked at Noah. "And this, for your information, is our final conference. Now we can all return to our eternal abode."
Everyone got up from their chairs and raised their right hand.
"God bless you. May you and your children forever rule this world and the hearts of its people."
With a bright flash of light, everyone vanished from sight.
And that concluded the last Conference of Transitioners.





Chapter Fifty-Three
Epilogue
The Twin Conspirators
Every beginning has an end, but every end is just another beginning.
Elisium
6L 1/15/1/1
"There it comes. Bring it to the shore." 
Commander Mark said looking at the transparent glass cubicle that popped out of the water. It was the first morning of the Crossing, and Commander Mark was posted at the Demon's entrance, officially known as The Solomon Arcade. “This one looks much better than the pods we received during the last crossing. They have upgraded the design," he added.

Commander Arnold, Elisium's Ambassador to Aden, was the first person to walk out of the cubicle. "Hello, Mark. I must say that King James has a nasty sense of humor. The last thing the tourists arriving from Aden want to see is Marcus's duplicate welcoming them at the entrance. Many of them might want to jump straight back into the whirlpool." 
"It is not my fault that God made me like this. Trust me, the moment we develop the technology that can change a person’s face, I would be the first one to go for it. I'm tired of people giving me vicious stares and anxious looks."
"They sent you back in a much better pod than the one they sent me in last time around." Smith came forward to greet Arnold.
Arnold hugged his old friend. "This is such a great invention. I didn't even get a wrinkle on my suit. This is so much better than directly jumping into that swirling mass of water."
"So how many visas did you issue there?" Smith asked.
"More than ten thousand tourist visas and some four thousand business visas. A team comprising of two thousand individuals made up of engineers, technicians, doctors, scientists and other professionals who are supposed to stay here till the next Crossing will arrive on the fourth day of adversity."
"Two thousand professionals! King Shaun is taking the cooperation treaty quite seriously."
"Yes. He will not relax till he has fulfilled his promise and turned Elisium into Aden. Markl, you are going to have extremely busy seven days verifying all these documents."
"That is quite less compared to what officers at their end will have to endure. Joseph, their Ambassador in Elisium, has issued about twenty thousand tourist visas and five thousand business visas. He has introduced a new student visa policy, where our students can go to Aden for further studies and stay there for the full mini-cycle. There was a mad dash for these visas amongst the youngsters and Joseph closed it on three thousand visas for this Crossing. I had to use all my sources to secure one such visa for my son."
Smith furrowed his brow. "Will they be able to transport all these people back and forth in time? The last thing we want is the portal to close with hordes of tourists stranded in the wrong world for seven years."
"I just hope nothing like this happens?" Arnold said and then he turned to Mark. "I must inform you before I forget that tomorrow morning you are to receive the most high-profile delegation. HighMinister of Aden, John Paul Andrews, is arriving tomorrow to pay a visit to King James. Irrespective of his post and the fact that he is our king's otherworld-twin, he is a very close friend of King James. Just make sure that he gets a grand reception."
***
John entered Queen Jennifer the Reborn memorial, one of the most opulent buildings of the Capital. He was escorted to a magnificently decorated chamber in a corner of the building which housed the tomb of Jennifer. 
"Quite an unusual venue for a meeting," John said greeting his old friend who was standing beside his wife's grave.
"Hello John, pleased to see you after such a long time. I thought that on this official visit you would first like to pay your respects to the Savior who saved our worlds."
"That was so considerate of you" John quipped. "Seeing you standing here with moist eyes, would lure anyone into believing that you actually loved your deceased wife, but unfortunately I know the truth."
“What makes you think otherwise?”
“For starters, the fact that you killed her.”
"Well, my feelings for Jennifer are quite complicated and not easy to understand. I was already in love with Emily, my current wife before I pursued Jennifer. Not out of any love or infatuation, but purely for the pursuit of this power. For ages, since the time of Andrews and Matthews, our families had given everything for the betterment of these worlds, even sacrificed their lives, but never reaped the rewards. I just wanted to change that."
John sighed. "Yes, I can relate to that. Shaun was crowned as the King in Aden when it was my father who started the rebellion and it was I who took it forward. Shaun was just a face to attract people. But your charming wife, and everyone else, deemed him fit to be the king just because he was born in the right family."
"That is the question I kept asking myself, why them? Why not us? We had done a lot more for these worlds than them. I wanted to change this scenario forever. Moses's untimely death and Jennifer becoming the chosen one provided me with a golden opportunity. I thought that the best way to bridge this gap was to merge the two families forever. Becoming the better half of the savior herself would forever bind her, with all her powers and influence, to me. That is why I pursued Jennifer."
"That was a very long shot I must say." 
"Not really, because I was very close to her father. We were neighbors and I was also an integral part of David's army. Through him, I came to know about the fact that she can't conceive. I kept a close eye on her. I noticed that she was trying her best to bury her romantic side and thus had become emotionally vulnerable. I took advantage of that. George was very impressed with me. I told him about my feelings for Jennifer, and being a concerned father who didn't want his daughter to spend her life all alone, he helped me get close to her. It took me years to win over her heart. I had to even throw myself in front of bullets, although I was quite confident that she will somehow save me. In the end, it worked out quite well."
"I had seen immense love for you in her eyes. You were even able to pull her out of her trance on the night she was blowing up Aurae. It is hard to believe that it wasn't true love."
"That is why I told you it's complicated. I loved Emily, but she allowed me to go after Jennifer to fulfill my dreams. She sacrificed all those years of her life waiting for me. I couldn't have turned my back on her. But Jennifer was such a sweet girl herself. It was hard not to fall in love with her as well. It was like I had two hearts, one beat for Emily and the other for Jennifer."
"If you loved her then why did you kill her?"
James closed his eyes and took a deep long breath. "I didn't kill her. I just eased her pain. You had already seen her condition after the war. It just kept getting worst. She was shattered from within. She had nightmares and could never sleep. She was never able to shrug off that burden from her soul. And then, quite miraculously, we were blessed with a true heir to her throne. I waited for that boy to be born before putting Jennifer out of her misery. My medical expertise helped me in doing that without raising any suspicions."
John chuckled. "Don't tell me you wouldn't have killed her if she wasn't sick. If she would have lived, you would have remained the Queen's husband for your entire life, You would have never become the King. You wouldn't have been able to marry Emily, your first love, either. So cut that crap about mercy killing."
"I don't want to think about what if. Assuming that I just did her a favor by ending her misery, helps me overcome the guilt of killing someone I truly loved."
"I still don't understand one thing. Why did you let her give birth to her son? You could have finished her before that and claimed the throne."
"Once again the family name came back to haunt me. Seeing Jennifer's deteriorating condition, there were already whispers about who was going to succeed her. Marcus had done me a great favor by blowing up David, so that chapter was closed, but his son Gabriel had grown into a fiery young man. As he was the grandson of George, son of David, and belonged to the true line of Kings many people were already putting their weight behind him.”
“So how did her son help you in this matter?” John asked.
“Once Jennifer's son was born, whom I named George as an apparent tribute to his revolutionary grandfather, he automatically became the unanimous choice. Everyone wanted the son of their Savior to lead them whenever he became eligible to do so. I was unopposedly crowned as the King-Regent after Jennifer's death and was tasked to look after the true heir. So my unplanned son was a blessing in disguise, or else I would have never got the throne."
"So now what is your plan going further."
"In less than a year, George will become an adult and will be crowned the King. I will let him stay there for a couple of years and then have him meet an accident. By that time, David, my son from Emily, will have come off age and I will ensure that the crown swiftly passes from one brother to another."
"One thing still intrigues me. Why can't George live and rule as king, after all, he is your son as well?"
"I did all this scheming with just one goal in my mind, to alter the line of Kings. To change the name on that crown. When George will become the King, he will be seen as the heir of David and Solomon and the same old line of Kings will continue. There will be no change. But when David becomes the King, he will rule as David Matthews, an heir of Matthews the Genius, and start a new legacy. And that is what I wanted to achieve, right from the beginning."
John curled his lips. "You will kill your son to start a legacy?"  
"No defining point in history is without its shades of grey. No great legacy starts without a sacrifice and I am quite prepared to make one for this cause. When you aim for the stars, you must be prepared to sink to the depths."
"I must say that I am quite impressed by your dedication towards this change." John’s tone didn’t show whether that was a statement of appreciation or a jibe aimed at James.
"Now you tell me your plans. Fourteen years ago, during the battle of Aurae, I had told you about my plans to put our families where they belong. I have sorted out my side of things, now you tell me what are you up to?"
"Things at my side are a little more complex. Being the King’s mentor, I have the King and the whole Council firmly under my control. However, unlike you, I am not the husband of the Savior and hence have been stuck in the position of the HighMinister for fourteen years. But if something happens to the king, while his son is still underage, I being the HighMinister and the most revered figure in Aden would unanimously be appointed the King-Regent. Once I get the throne I will take care of Shaun's son as well. But I must quickly make my moves because time is running out on me."
"I am planning to visit Aden in the next Crossing. Hopefully, by that time, you will be the King and I will be the King-Father. May the names of Matthews and Andrews live forever in these worlds. For the time being, let me take you out of this crypt and treat you to a feast in the Grand Palace of Elisium."
The two otherworld twins, friends and co-conspirators, walked out of the memorial.
Unholy dark clouds of wicked conspiracies had begun to form over the two worlds, all over again. Two powerful men had tasted the fruit of rapacity and human greed is, after all, the root of all evil.
Aden and Elisium were witnessing a tremendous period of prosperity, but nothing lasts forever.
Neither war nor peace.
Neither despair nor joy.
Every beginning has an end.
And every end is just another beginning.
Maybe, it was time for another Adam, or Solomon, or Jennifer to arrive in these worlds.
***
"A man is floating in the river. He may have jumped directly into the whirlpool. Get him to the bank," Commander Kelvin shouted to his subordinate. A few soldiers jumped into the river and brought him ashore.
"What the hell were you trying to do?" Kelvin asked the stranger. "You are not supposed to jump directly into the Abyss. You must come through the pod. Where are your documents?"
"What documents?"
"Documents to enter Aden."
"What is Aden?"
Kelvin’s face was flushed. "The place you illegally tried to enter by jumping into the whirlpool."
"I don't know what you are talking about. A few days ago, my friends and I started a journey to explore the Great Sea. We wanted to see what lies beyond it. We were hopeful we might discover some new civilizations across the sea. But because of the Passing," he pointed to Elisium hanging over their heads, "we countered severe storms, and our ship was sucked into a whirlpool. I thought I was going to drown but moments later I emerged here."
"Where do you live in Elisium?"
The stranger looked at Kelvin with wide eyes. "I don't know anything about Elisium. I come from Astrum, Aether’s capital."
"Sir more people are emerging in the water." One of the soldiers pointed to Kelvin.
"They might be my friends."
"What is your name?" Kelvin asked the stranger.
"Andrews," he replied, "people in Astrum call me Andrews the Explorer."                                  

THE END
















