A Manila Romance, 1941
by Jonathan Foe


Philippine copyright 2019 by Jonathan Foe

This is a work entirely of fiction. Character names were randomly assigned, although the historical events described generally did occur. 

This e book was published by Jonathan Foe, at Smashwords

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


About the Author
Jonathan Foe is a retired American history professor living and working in Manila. 
Other books that he has written under the pen name of Frank Medina are 
Confessions of a Call Boy in the Future 
Captured!
Miguel, the Pirate of the Spanish Main, A Sexy Adventure Story of Long, Long Ago. 
The Undercover Lover of Manila

All of these titles are available through Smashwords. This book, and the Undercover Lover are available as audio books, in Findaway Voices. 
Foe has also published history textbooks through Bookmark publishing for the Philippine market. 
for comments or concerns, the author can be reached at:	jonathan_foe@hotmail.com


Preface
The Philippines had been a Spanish colony until the Americans conquered it in 1898. They imposed their system of government on the colony, and the economy prospered. Democracy was slowly allowed, culminating in the promise of independence in 1944. During the transition period, the Philippines was granted autonomy, but foreign policy, and defense was left in the hands of America. Security against Japan’s aggression became a major problem before World War II.

Although many Filipinos adopted an American lifestyle, some traditional beliefs continued, such as tolerance of homosexuals. 

This novel is historical fiction, although of course the characters are the product of imagination. 

Chapter 1

August 16, 1940
 What Leo Alcoreza couldn’t understand was why the stupid American teacher was still making them play in the rain? Didn’t he know about pasma? Staying outside in the rain was sure to bring about a sickness. His classmates were too afraid to say anything. The grumpy old coach claimed he was trying to promote “masculine values”. Leo agreed that boys should be tough, especially nowadays, but what if everyone got sick? How manly would that be? 
But regardless, here they were, playing in the monsoon rain of August in Manila. And it was American flag football. Nothing Filipino about this game. In fact, the only thing Filipino about this whole activity was that there were brown boys struggling to learn it. They should be learning Filipino games, after all, the nation was going to finally get its independence just a few more years.
On the other hand, the game was fun. If you did fall, at least it was in soft mud, not hard earth. And it wasn’t really cold either, the rain was like a warm shower. Nearly steamy in fact. Leo liked gripping his toes into the sticky mud, and feel the water drip down from your hair onto your face. 
The rain penalized both sides equally; few could get a good hold on the field, and everyone slowed down. What had been full speed running was now more cautious. And everyone was slippery, it was so hard to grip anyone because their skin was wet, and they only had on shorts. Some of the boys got muddy backs or chests, but this eventually dripped off the wet bodies.
Leo was the center for team Allied, versus team Axis. The Allies wore a white headband, while Axis went without. Admittedly, Leo was not so good in sports, so he couldn’t be a quarterback or linebacker. But he enjoyed it, and his height made up for his lack of bulk. As the center, the only concentration he had to do was on offense, and that was to remember the number of “hike”. 
He was no professional player either. He was getting an AB in Teaching Secondary Social Studies. So what would he know about sports? PE was a required subject for all college students, and that’s how he ended up in this field of mud. And it was only the fifth time that they had played football. But Leo was enjoying himself. At least, this was the last class he had, and they could wash off under the hose before they went home. And this was a Friday, and had no more classes till Monday. 
But what was really bothering Leo was the new quarterback, Mendoza. He didn’t know how he had transferred into the class so late in the sem., but there he was. Perhaps he was a PE major or something. The American teacher immediately placed him as quarterback for the Allied. And they won the last game, and now they seemed to be winning this game as well. But what was Mendoza’s hands doing on Leo’s butt? 
A quarterback might use the butt of the center as sort of shelf, that seemed normal. And of course, there might be tips of fingers near his hole, but Mendoza seemed to be doing something else. He was moving his fingers over Leo’s eggs! This wasn’t going to be noticeable to others, Leo was sure, but there was something going on. And 
then, in the last huddle, Mendoza smiled to him! Leo was so embarrassed! All he could do in response was look down and avoid eye contact. 
Could Mendoza know that Leo liked boys? Maybe a real boy would have challenged Mendoza, or just ignored it. but Leo couldn’t. He got flustered. Did Mendoza know he was bakla? Leo had never hid that, but he also didn’t announce it to the whole college. Why would Mendoza keep doing it? And why would he now smile at him? Leo thought this was very strange. He had never encouraged boys before and had never had a boyfriend either. Leo hadn’t even had sex before. And he resented those moving fingers all over his private parts. 
The worst thing was, this made Leo excited! Mendoza was like a light switch, he turned on something that Leo wanted kept in darkness. His penis started to get big, which felt nice, but Leo resented a boy having this sort of power over him. And he didn’t know what to do about it. So, he just tried to ignore it. 
Mendoza was good looking. He had a nice, square jaw line, charming smile, broad wide shoulders, long, lean arms, nice hands, even if they were trying to explore Leo’s butt. Clean skin, even if it was moreno. His stomach was muscular, and with wavy hair, and armpit hair wiry. 
Well, anyway, the game is about to thankfully end, thought Leo. He thought about rushing the opposing quarterback this time. He noticed a little bit of a gap between the center and the right guard. He hadn’t been too aggressive today, but now he was going to surprise them. 
At the snap of the opposing center, Leo plunged into the gap. The center was a bit off-balance, and Leo went, hands together in a wedge to get past the line protection. He shoved his way through and rushed the quarterback, who was surprised. The quarterback attempted to throw the ball. But Leo deflected it, slowing it down. It came down near Mendoza, who managed to catch it before it hit the ground. 
Surprised, the opposition swarmed Mendoza. But he ran around their defenses. Two linemen tried to catch up with him, but he outmaneuvered them. Their quarterback tried to get Mendoza, but was blocked again by Leo. He ran nearly half way down the football field to the goal line. Touchdown Allies! The boys jumped on each other, and the PE teacher applauded. Class dismissed! 
The Allies were congratulating Mendoza, with some credit going to Leo. But Leo didn’t want to prolong his confusion, so he merely said “thanks” to his teammates. Then he heard his name called from afar.
“Hey Alcoreza!”
Leo looked around, and saw Mendoza waving him over with a big smile. Oh no! Leo looked down out of embarrassment, but not before he had made unexpected eye contact. Leo went over to the hose, rinsed off his feet, put on his sandals, got his bag and went home immediately. 

Leo thought about Mendoza that weekend. Part of him dreaded the Friday PE class, which was unusual, since he usually liked playing sports, and enjoyed football up until that last time. Why couldn’t Mendoza just mind his own business? He resented Mendoza for gently rubbing his eggs. Yet he remembered Mendoza’s touch when he was masturbating and wished for more. This he tried to banish from thought but it wasn’t working out well. He wanted to be conservative, yet Mendoza was making him uncomfortable. 
The problem for Leo was this: Boys usually take advantage of effeminate, homosexual boys. They were called bakla. The real boys wanted to be sexually serviced and get paid for it, and get the bakla to do their homework. The homosexual boys were sometimes allowed to court the boy, but it had to be discreet. 
Leo had agreed to do the homework of this one cute boy last year. The boy was very sweet to him and held him close by his side when he said thank you. But afterwards, the boy was so rude! The next day, with a group of his friends, they made fun of Leo! A two-faced, fake friend! And Leo wasn’t even interested in him either, the boy just seemed nice, that’s all. So, through bad experiences such as this, Leo ignored his male classmates.

That following week, the Mendoza problem reappeared in an unexpected encounter. Ernie, another bakla and Leo ate together inside the canteen at Philippine Normal College. They always bought coconut juice from a Japanese vendor inside the school. They went up to her stall.
Konichiwa, Mrs. Nakamura,” said Ernie, “Good afternoon ma’am!”
Mrs. Nakamura just bowed, and then averted her eyes from the two boys.
“Hey, what’s the matter Mrs. Nakamura? Hey why are you crying?”
“Me tell to leave. Immigration. Me illegal here!”
“You are being sent back to Japan? Why?” asked Ernie.
“Yes, Philippines do not want import Japan people!” replied the vendor.
“Oh no, we like your fruit juice! That is wrong ma’am.”
“You two are nice, but immigration bad people. They say, only 50 Japan can come in a year. Too many Japan people come here every day. Must leave now!”
“Oh I am sorry to hear that,” said Ernie. “We will miss you. When are you forced to leave?”
“October they say.” 
“I’m sorry, I wish there was something we could do to help,” added Leo.
“It’s ok. Too bad. Here, me like, but go back home.”
“Ok, will still see you dear! Thank you!” Ernie gave a little wave goodbye.
As they walked back to their favorite table, Ernie remarked, “Too bad, she was always nice, and her juice is good too.”
“Yes, I thought that the anti-immigration thing against the Chinese and Japanese was racist, but on the other hand, some of those Japanese have been caught taking pictures in areas they should not be in,” said Leo.
“You mean you think Mrs. Nakamura was spying?”
“Oh no, not her. No. It’s just that some, probably like five percent, are probably spying, and that was the idea of President Quezon to restrict immigration. And get some anti-Chinese votes too!” 
“You still don’t like him?”
“Quezon does not understand how a democracy works. Nor national defense. Look, the Japanese are so big, so near, and we do nothing, except kick out people selling coconut juice.”
“Well, you can blame his Field Marshall Douglas MacArthur for that!”
“Yes, I will!”
“But Leo, I have a confession! It’s juicy! I had sex with an American soldier.”
“With an American! Oh my god Ernie, how could you?”
“Why not? We both wanted to!”
“I just never would. I guess. How did it happen? And this was in English? My goodness!”
“Not English, we used the language of love! Aha!”
“You know what I mean!”
“He was sweet to me too!”
“Tell me the story.”
“Well, my friend Jorge was supposed to meet me at this resto in Ermita. Rosie’s Diner. I was hesitant, because it’s full of Kano, but I thought well, I could wait at least for him there. Our date was 8pm. So I got there and ordered a coke. And waited and waited. Nothing! No Jorge. But this guy, Frank, came by about 9pm, and sat down beside me. I know I’m not that good in English, not like you, but I struck up a conversation with him.”
“Ernie, you are good in English. I’m just kidding you.”
“I was embarrassed because all I had for money was to buy one coke. So he bought me a hamburger.”
“Becoming an American! We are what we eat!”
“And it came with French fries! And we talked, we talk easily. He is stationed on this destroyer, and they had 48-hour leave.”
“Ah, a sailor. Seafood, I think it’s called. But what was he like?”
“He was from San Francisco and knew some Filipinos there.”
“Describe him Ernie.”
“Well, about 5’8”, brown hair, brown eyes, part Italian, broad shoulder, nice chest, about 19 years old. And it looked like a German sausage, uncut!”
“You had sex with him in the bathroom?”
“Oh, of course not! He had a hotel room, in this cheap hotel on Vermont. He said he didn’t have much money for a bar, but we could buy some beer, and drink in his room. And I drank him in his room!”
“Oh, my goodness! What’s it like having sex with an American?”
“Oh, really the same as a Filipino. The language gets awkward sometimes.”
“Was he smelly?”
“No, because before we did it, we took a bath together!”
“Oh, my friend is so clever! Was he good to you?”
“You mean money? I didn’t even ask. I didn’t want him to think I was some kind of prostitute. But I did thank him for the liquor and the hamburger.”
“Good for you Ernie. I just think for myself; I wouldn’t have sex with an American, especially a soldier.”
“Why not? You see it as some sort of politics or something?”
“Well, yeah Ernie. They are the occupation army! Look, it’s now 1940, and until now, no sign of them leaving!”
“Oh Leo, don’t get so pure on me. He was just a kid like us, 19 years old. He was not responsible for the invasion.”
“Still he was an American! Part of the American occupation!”
“And he was sweet and believed in our independence. Besides, which would be better, a Japanese occupation, or an American?”
“Oh not this again. Of course American.”
“And you are confusing the nation, America with Americans. Some Americans are sweet. After all, Frank didn’t invade us, he only penetrated me! Ouch!”
In the midst of this discussion, Leo didn’t notice who had arrived from behind until it was too late. Suddenly Mendoza appeared, to give him a light slap on the shoulder. Leo jumped.
“Hey, Alcoreza, you did a great block last Friday! Great intercept!”
With wide eyes and open mouth, he looked at Mendoza with his group of tall boys. He did manage a smile, and softly said “Thanks!” And then looked down at his rice and remaining chicken.
“I’m looking forward to see you play again!” said Mendoza, in what Leo thought was a loud voice.
With this, Leo did look up to Mendoza, and make a weak nod of his head. In response, Mendoza gave him a wide smile, raised his eyebrows, and walked off. Leo could tell his other friends were asking him questions. For Leo, it felt like everyone’s eyes were on him.
“Bakla! Who is that?” asked his Ernie.
“Mendoza, he is on my football team.”
“Your football team! You are such a boy!”
“It’s PE class, mandatory.”
“And he likes you! And you are shy! And you my dear, are blushing!”
“Shhhhh! Don’t make a scene Ernie!”
“Me, make a scene. I didn’t say anything. It’s you and Mendoza who are causing the sensation!”
“Don’t start! Please Ernie, don’t start on me, please!”
“Oh my, mister clean has a crush! The virgin at 19!”
“Ernie, if you say one word more, I will leave this table.”
“You look like a stoplight. Bright red.”
“Ok, bye!”
Ernie got Leo’s hand away from his tray. “Ok, ok, no more talk!”
“Thank you.”
They sat quietly, while thoughts raced through Leo’s mind. After two minutes of silence, Ernie could not stand it anymore.
“Bakla, please hear me out for just a second. Mendoza, whoever he is, likes you, and is willing to greet you in front of his friends. Just for that, he is a boy worth considering. I don’t know anything more, but at least he’s got guts, is a gentleman. And good looking.”
Leo just sat there looking at the ceiling. 
“My goodness, at nineteen and never been kissed. The world’s last virgin. Ok, come on Leo, let’s go to class now, we are late!” 
Chapter 2

August 23, 1940
Mendoza was taking over his brain. Leo had to admit, that Ernie was at least partially correct. Mendoza was interested in him. And to some degree he was willing to risk the respect of his friends to greet a bakla. On the other hand, Ernie might have been wrong, perhaps Mendoza was only interested in his sports abilities. And if that was the case, this attraction was going to go nowhere. Leo might enjoy some sports, but he wasn’t good at psycho-motor skills. 
On Friday, Mendoza arrived at PE, and he immediately smiled at Leo and gave him a friendly squeeze on the shoulder. So Leo immediately looked down again. He was worried that other boys would start to suspect the two, so he again avoided eye contact. But the problem was the football huddle. 
As the quarterback, Mendoza was the leader. In the huddle, he told Leo, as the center, he should always stand beside the quarterback so he could hear the number of the hike, as well as know the play. So Leo moved next to him. But in the huddle, Mendoza often caressed Leo’s butt, if no one else could observe the move. 
Leo didn’t know what to do. He wanted to push away the unwanted hand, but it might make a scene. And he didn’t want to tell Mendoza to stop it, for it might insult him. Besides, it felt nice.
During a particularly long huddle, Leo was feeling like a cat being stroked. Mendoza hand was right beside the anus, in the soft part of the butt. This drove Leo to distraction; he couldn’t remember which number he was supposed to hike the ball on. At the line, he had to turn around and ask Mendoza the number again. As he turned around to hike the ball, he could feel his erection painfully compressed against the tight loincloth. 
But the worst thing happened, upon hiking the ball, he was rushed by two guys. As they pushed him backwards, he lost his balance, and fell backwards. This caused his opponent to fall on to him, and the boys knee went directly into Leo’s erection, bending it backwards The pain was excruciating, never had Leo experienced anything like it. 
Leo was down, with his hands over his rapidly softening up erection. He felt like throwing up. Of course, it looked to everyone that he had been hit in the testicles. Nevertheless, he couldn’t move, so the game was halted. Mendoza and another boy supported his shoulders as he limped off the field. Mendoza asked him how he was, and Leo just looked away. He was angry and embarrassed with tears of pain in his eyes.
Axis soon gained control of the ball, and the Allied team had to now play defense. Mendoza raised his hands in an X, and the coach sent in a sub so he could take a break. Mendoza went off the field and sat down beside Leo.
“Alcoreza, you still in pain? Are your eggs ok?”
This comment made Leo angry. “My eggs are fine. It was my erection that got bent in two!”
“Your erection! Oh shit! Oh no! That’s funny!”
“Go to hell Mendoza. It hurts!”
“And I caused it!”
“Who else? It really hurts! It might be damaged!”
“Oh my goodness! Amazing!” Mendoza was laughing.
Just then Mendoza was called back to play. Now angry, Leo announced with a raised index finger, “Don’t ever touch me ever again!”
Mendoza’s mouth dropped, and tried to say something, but the teacher yelled out, “Hurry!” So off he went.
Leo didn’t play for the rest of the day. His teacher asked how he was feeling, and he said it still hurt. He hoped this would not affect his grade. And, the only good thing about an injury to the sex organ was that you didn’t need to show it to anyone, just say that it hurt.  He waited until 5pm on the bench when the coach said that class was dismissed. 
But as he was leaving, Mendoza ran up to him, with palms together and short bow said, “Hey, it’s my fault that you got injured. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have laughed. Can I make it up to you? Can I buy you a Coke?”
Leo looked Mendoza suspiciously in the eye and slowly said, “Buy me a Coke?” 
“Yes, a Coke? Can I? Just you and I?”
“I have to get home for dinner.”
“Where do you live?”
“Calle Azcarraga.”
“It’s ok, they got a little canteen across from City Hall on Calle Arroceros. It’s on your way.”
“Ahh, maybe next time!”
“It’s close by. Come on Alcoreza, it’s just a Coke! I have to make it up to you!”
“Are you going to make fun of me?”
“No, of course not. It’s my fault. It was wrong of me, I apologize.”
Leo was silent, thinking, so Mendoza pressed again. “Can I please?”
“Ok, but not a long time.” 
So off they went, and Leo, was still a bit suspicious of what Mendoza wanted.
“Alcoreza, what’s your first name? Or name you want me to call you?”
“Leo, that’s short for Leonardo, but you just call me Leo. Everyone else does.”
‘Ok Leo!”
“And you, what do you want me to call you?”
“Honey!”
Leo smiled, “Now that was funny.”
“I’m joking. My first name is Manuel, but it’s so old fashioned. My family calls me Man. But for you, Mendoza, even if there are hundreds out there.”
“Mendoza it is then.”
“And again, I’m sorry that your organ got hurt. I won’t touch you that way at football ever again.”
“Thanks. I didn’t realize how much something like that could hurt!”
“Yes, it happened to me once, but not as bad. It’s strange, a part of your body that can bring so much pleasure, can also bring so much pain.”
“Exactly!”
“Is it ok now?”
“I think so. I looked at it in the bathroom before the end of class, and it seemed ok.”
“Not black and blue?”
“No, still brown, but it’s tender.”
“Yeah, and even if it was broken, you can’t put it in a cast!”
“Ha, ha. Just don’t humiliate me for being who I am.”
“No, that I will not do that Leo. Promise.”
“But tell me Mendoza, why you do you like me?”
“Nice personality? Sweet?”
“But I don’t have those things you want.”
“Yes you do Leo.”
“Girls are what you want!”
“Oh, of course!”
“But then, why were you touching me a while ago?”
“Oh, I don’t know, you seem like a friendly guy!”
In an exasperated tone, Leo replied, “But I like boys, and my everyone knows this.”
“I know that, it’s kind of obvious. But it’s not a problem for me.”
“Ok, I just wanted to make sure you knew.”
Mendoza directed him rightwards. “Now we go in here, inside the parking area in the back. Here is the canteen. Sort of out of the way.”
“Yeah, I didn’t even know it was back here. And now, few customers!”
“You want a coke, or melon juice?”
“Melon!”
“And I will get cassava cakes for us”
“Oh, nice! I should pay!”
“It’s my treat, and it’s not much!”
As Leo was waiting, he realized the place was actually quite discreet. Usually he went to small sidewalk canteens near the school full of students. Instead, this was an inside place, with no students. Maybe Mendoza had chosen this on purpose? And although Leo was no expert in this sort of thing, he thought that the bakla made the first move on the boy. But Mendoza seemed after Leo. Maybe there was no rule book afterall.
Mendoza came back with two melon juice and a large cassava cake with two forks, and sat down on Leo’s side of the table. Leo moved over to give him room.
“You like football Leo? You are a good center!”
“Oh come on, I hardly do anything. And there really is not much for me to do, maybe except for the field goal hike.”
“Oh no, you get the ball off quick, and you and the other guards really protect me. I can really concentrate on throwing or passing off the football.”
“Ahh. We do nothing compared to you, the quarterback.”
“If I was rushed, every time like that other team’s quarterback, I couldn’t do anything. Honest!”
“Well, I couldn’t do anything like what you do. Did you have practice in football before?”
“Yeah, some. But sports is my major, secondary in Physical Education. So I should be good.”
“Well, you are good. But I really know nothing about sports. I know some volleyball, and some sipa, but really not much. I only enjoy it.”
“Hey, that’s good enough! Sports should be fun!”
“Yeah, well I enjoy it, that’s all. This football and basketball, I’m not really that much of a boy to get really involved, but I enjoy it.”
“Yes, sports shouldn’t be only for macho types.”
“Well, I am not macho. I’m a major in secondary educ. social studies.” 
“Impressive! History and Economics! Something I could never do!”
“Well, me I could never teach sports, so I am impressed too! And this cassava cake is good!”
“Yes, it will hold us over till dinner. Where do you live anyway?”
“Just off of España before Universidad de Santo Tomas.
“You just walk home?”
“Yes, almost always. It’s not that far, and I can save the transportation cost that way. My family doesn’t have much money.”
“My family is from Pampanga, and we don’t have much money either! But at least enough to send me to school in Manila! That’s the good thing anyway!”
“So you living with an aunt or something?”
“Oh no, I do have an aunt in town, but she lives in Pasay with a big family. So I live in a boarding house with other boys in Quiapo.”
“Is that better than living with your family?”
“Family is better. And I have to make sure I do my studies, because sometimes we boys can get rowdy in the boarding house.”
“Like drinking and singing sort of thing?”
“Exactly like that! How did you know?”
“Well, I can see it on the street sometimes. And you are from Pampanga!”
“Well, I try not to party too much. Even if the other boys are from Pampanga. My family depends on me. They say, ‘Son, you are the hope of the family!’”
“That puts a lot of pressure on you?”
“Yes. Our farm doesn’t make too much money. So that is why I am being sent to school.”
“You have a sweetheart back in Pampanga waiting for you?”
“Not even! Not even an ex-girlfriend!”
“Very sad. I thought you boys were always courting girls!”
“Some, maybe. But not me. Don’t get me wrong, I like girls, but maybe they don’t like my dark complexion.”
“Ha? You have beautiful skin, and nice broad shoulders!”
“Aha! Thank you. You are sweet, even if you might be saying it to be nice.”
“No, this is a fact about you. You look good Mendoza.”
Mendoza rubbed Leo’s forearm while saying, “You are sweet.” He then pointed outdoors, “But I have bad news for you Leo! Look out the door!”
“Oh shit, rain. And it’s so hard to get a bus at this time of the day.”
“Here, I will walk with you back to your house, and then I will go home. I got an umbrella. Our dinner isn’t until 7:30pm.”
“Oh no, I couldn’t have you do this!”
“No I just volunteered. So you say thank you!” 
“But you’ll get late for your dinner!”
“No, I have the time. For Leo!”
“Oh goodness. You have already repaid me for my injury!”
“It’s ok. I will enjoy it.”
“Oh, Mendoza, thanks! But it’s not necessary. But we should leave now then, so you can be back in time. Just a second, where do you live mister Mendoza?”
“Globo de Oro, near the Colgante Bridge.”
“That must be noisy, with the new bridge construction!”
“Yes, at least they don’t work at night. That’s the only thing I can say!”
“And we will walk by your street too!”
“Just say ‘thank you’ Leo.”
“Thank you. You are sweet to me. And this rain is really coming down!”
Outside in the rain, Leo’s heart was melting. He felt like he was being courted. As Mendoza held the umbrella between them. Leo put his hand on Mendoza’s shoulder. But he still had doubts.
“Mendoza, if I can ask, why are you doing this? Why so sweet to me?”
“I don’t know. Because I like you, and you seem like a nice guy. That’s all.”
“Ok, but I don’t think I deserve your attention!”
“Leo, just say thank you. Do you like me?”
“Well yes, you are quite handsome, and a gentleman too!”
“See, there you go!”
They walked in silence for a while. Leo still couldn’t tell what Mendoza thought of him, or why he thought of him in the first place. Maybe Mendoza was a little bit bakla? If he was, it wasn’t obvious. Leo didn’t want just quick sex with a boy, he wanted more of a relationship. Most boys it seemed just wanted a quick release, sort of assisted masturbation. Leo wasn’t that desperate. 
After a while, Leo took the umbrella from Mendoza to hold it. Mendoza, first looking back to see if there was anyone following them, discreetly caressed Leo’s butt again, and Leo smiled. With his elbow, Leo lightly rubbed Mendoza’s chest. He had seen Mendoza’s chest, and it had some muscle on it, with broad shoulders and chocolate nipples. In return, Mendoza pulled Leo’s hips closer to his own, and smiled at his friend. 
The rain was slowing down by the time they reached Leo’s house on an unpaved dimly lit street named Calle Paquita. His house was a small, two story wooden house, painted mango yellow, nearly touching its neighbors on a narrow side street. It had a tiny yard with a Talisay tree in front, and a metal corrugated roof. One of the next-door neighbor houses was vacant, and had an overhang that protected it from the rain. There Leo and Mendoza stood face to face to say goodbye. 
Leo put his hand over Mendoza’s, rubbing it softly. Leo’s hand soon got a mind of its own and felt Mendoza’s butt and then stomach. So firm, and the stomach bumpy. And Mendoza, seemed to enjoy it. There was a growing bulge in his crotch. 
Mendoza then gently slid the back of his hand over Leo’s crotch. “It has recovered!”
“Well look at yours!” Mendoza’s erection was pushing out his shorts. Leo rubbed the back of his hand over it. They both laughed. 
But just then, on the sidewalk Leo spotted his kuya, his older brother approaching. It wasn’t clear how much he had seen.
“Kuya, how are you? This is my classmate Manny Mendoza from football!” said Leo, a bit nervously, pointing his hand at his friend.
“How do you do Mendoza?” replied the older brother in a monotone.
“Good evening kuya!” said Mendoza. 
“His name is Mike.”
“Hello kuya Mike.”
“You are coming home for dinner Leo?”
“Yes, we were just saying goodbye!”
“Ok, goodbye! Dinner is soon.”
As the older brother walked towards the house, Leo suddenly felt anxious. 
“Are you worried about your older brother?”
“Yes. He might have seen us or something. He’s conservative on many things.”
“Like his younger brother?”
“Like that. You see, our dad died when we were young, about ten years ago. My older brother took on the role of dad.”
“He became strict or something?’
“Well, a little bit. Yes. But he’s really good to us. And after our dad died, we lived on donations from the relatives. Now, he works, and provides for us.”
“Ahh! So he has become your dad!” 
“Yes, like that. And I respect him too.” 
“Hey, I can’t be late for dinner. And neither can you! I don’t want to get your kuya angry at me. You go in now!”
“Yeah, I should!”
Mendoza tapped his own cheek with his index finger and looked at Leo. He understood the gesture and looked around. Seeing no one, Leo kissed Mendoza there. Smiling, Leo left, running quickly in the rain. From the porch, he waved at Mendoza, who waved back, and then was on his way. 


Dinner was uneventful. Leo just kept on his PE clothes, because they were not so muddy like before. His younger brother, Francis was there. He was 14 years old, and in V Mapa High School, third year and doing well. 
“Hey kuya, I’ve got this oral report tomorrow! Can you help me?”
“What’s it about?”
“Japanese aggression in Asia. They invaded China, right?”
Kuya Mike said that Japan is an aggressive nation that wants to control Asia. “They took over Korea and Formosa in the 1900s, then took Manchuria during World War One. They started their invasion of China by taking Peking in 1934, then Shanghai.”
Francis asked, “But then why do the Europeans allow them to do it? Why doesn’t the USA stop them?”
“Then that might start a war in the far away Pacific. France was defeated by Nazi Germany this last May. They were forced to give Vietnam to the Japanese. The British are weak. They too might get invaded by Germany. So they are going to protect themselves first before protecting Malaysian Federation.”
“Well what about the Americans?”
“They don’t have a big army, besides they are in the middle of a depression. They don’t have enough tax money to raise an army to stop Japan. They only threaten Japan with words.”
“What if those Japanese invade the Philippines?”
“That is a good question! We don’t know, but the Americans promise to protect us. After all, we are their colony. That was the agreement.”
Leo butted in. “But we should protect ourselves! We soon will be independent!”
“But we have no army Leo!” said Mike. “What little we have is called United States Army in the Far East, or USAFFE, and that is hardly anything. 
“But isn’t that the reason why Leo takes ROTC, so he can defend us!” exclaimed Francis.
“And your kuya Leo aims a wooden rifle and goes bang bang! It’s a joke!”
“Our kuya is right Francis. It’s pathetic! And America is asleep, while Japan is busy invading others!”
“Will Japan take over all of China?”
Mike said, “If they can. But with hundreds of million people against the Japanese army, it will be a big headache for the Japanese. Let’s just hope they are so busy with China Japan won’t go south against us!”
“But that looks doubtful. What the Japanese lack is oil and rubber, and Malaysia and Indonesia have got both. And if you look at a map, our nation is right in their way,” observed Leo.
“But Japan is not so strong, at least not yet. The Americans can easily beat them up if we are attacked,” added Mike.
“If somehow Japan did invade us, would they kill us all?”
“Oh no,” replied Leo. “But if you look at the rape of Nanking, that happened like four years ago or something, they raped and murdered tens of thousands of Chinese. Women and children too. I saw photos of the beheadings! They had piles of heads below two guys with bolos. They had a contest who could chop off the most heads.”
“Oh my God! Would they do that here too?”
The mom eventually spoke up to reassure Francis. While eyeing her two older sons, said, “The USA is strong Francis, I don’t think that they will allow Japan to invade us. So don’t worry too much.”
“But mom”, Leo countered, “The Japanese navy now has more ships than Americans do. It will take time before those big warships that Roosevelt wants will be ready. Until that time, we are in danger.”
“Well, we hope for the best, and pray for the best, for our family, boys.”
“And in the meantime, prepare ourselves. That’s why I joined up with the ROTC, even if our equipment is made of wood. Someday soon, we are promised real rifle practice!”
“Maybe I will join ROTC too, Leo! Like you did!”
“Well you have to serve in ROTC. That is mandatory. But I am taking an intensive training.”
“Just study hard, so you can get to college! Don’t hardly study!” added Mike. “What good is ROTC if all you shoot is a piece of wood! Ha! Heaven help us!”
“At least it’s a start kuya,” said Leo in a low voice.
“But Leo, idealism does not win wars. Well-equipped armies do, that have an air force, and navy. We don’t have that! Be realistic.”
“I am trying my best. I just wish the Americans would do the same.”
Later the boys in the family did the dishes, while mom relaxed. There was no ROTC that coming Saturday, so Leo could relax a bit. He loved and respected his kuya, so when the Mike suggested they go outside so he could smoke, Leo said he would join.
“Leo, let’s keep this conversation between ourselves, ok?”
“Oh, ok kuya. What’s up?”
“Ok, I am a little bothered about what I saw along the street coming home.”
“Oh, you mean me and Mendoza?”
“Yes.”
“But kuya? Why?”
“Don’t give me that bullshit Leo. Mendoza is not just a friend, is he? Perhaps a special friend?”
Leo was silent, looking down, at his feet.
“Look, bro, I know you like boys! I’ve known for some time now!” 
“Huh?”
“Stop playing with me Leo. I am your kuya. Remember we went night swimming in Las Piñas? You were looking at the pogi boy bathing himself. You were getting excited. Clearly excited.”
“Shit. You saw me?”
“Now, I want honesty. We have always been honest with each other, no? So, stop playing dumb.”
“Yes kuya.”
“You like boys?”
“Well, a little bit.” Leo squirmed in his seat. The kuya rolled his eyes upwards. Leo put his hand on his forehead, and admitted, “Yes kuya. I like boys.”
“Look Leo, you liking boys, that’s ok with me. I can’t change that, I realize that. That’s you. You can’t change it either.”
“Yes. I did try to change but it didn’t work.”
“Yes, the main thing is to accept yourself. I accept you as you are. Don’t hate yourself for it.”
“Thanks kuya. For understanding.”
“Ok,” paused Mike, putting the palms of his hands out to his brother, “Look, I don’t want to be a wet blanket or something. But, when you and your friend are touching each other in front of the neighbors, that’s when I have to draw the line. That shames our family. If I had a girlfriend, and she was touching my excitement in public, what would people think? It’s the same Leo. Now, you carrying on like that, what will the neighbors say? No dad, no discipline?”
“Kuya, I am sorry. You saw us? This is my fault.”
“You must be a gentleman Leo. Carry yourself with dignity. You carry the Alcoreza name.”
“I got it kuya.”
“Just make sure you do. I don’t want a flamboyant bakla brother like you see in Tondo, who looks like a whore!”
“Oh, kuya, never would I do that!”
“I know you wouldn’t do that, but people are going to talk shit behind your back as it is, just for being bakla. You cannot help that, and I’m gonna defend you for being that way. But you have to keep your dignity, for your sake, and for our family’s sake.”
“Ok, it won’t happen again kuya.”
“I know how hard it is, when you really like someone, to restrain yourself. It’s lust. Every guy has the problem. Our hands get a life of their own! But do it in private, ok? Not on our sidewalk. Not on any sidewalk. Anyone could have been walking by.”
“Yes, kuya. I get it.”
“Now, second thing. Is your friend Mendoza a good boy? Is he just using you for his own pleasure?”
“Oh kuya, he is a good person. At least I think he is. And really, we haven’t even talked about sex! He is just on my football team. He offered to escort me home. Honestly!”
“Ok, it’s just that I know boys. How boys talk about bakla. Most disrespect your kind. Even the ones that secretly use bakla for sex, they talk shit about them. It happens. So I want you to keep your self-respect.”
“Yes kuya.”
“So you make sure, before anything else, that he respects you, and likes you. Like for instance, if you said, ‘no sex today!’ will he come back tomorrow. Is he just using you for favors, for money? Is he a patient boy, a decent boy? You have to make sure first.”
“Ok, thanks. But I really don’t know him that well. I don’t know yet.”
“Well, before you get into a relationship with him, remember your own self-respect. So he will respect you.”
“Ok I got it kuya. I will also need to remember the name of the family. I understand now kuya. Thank you!” Leo was still squirming in his seat. He hadn’t talked this frankly before with his brother.
“You are not a girl, so you will not get pregnant. Sex is ok. But with one partner at a time. You have to keep your self-respect, and our family’s too. Some people will look down on us just because you are bakla. But for me, and I think for mom too, they don’t count for anything. But I don’t want you acting like a prosti.”
“I will never do that kuya. I am not like that!”
“Yes, and you get good grades too. I respect you.”
“Thanks for being so understanding. I didn’t know you were coming down the street.”
The kuya now put his hands up in the air for emphasis. “But Leo, I could have been a neighbor, who would have seen you two caressing. And that is wrong. You don’t see boys with girls doing that in public do you?”
“Ok, I got it kuya. It won’t happen again, promise.”
“Ok, let’s go inside and listen to the radio for a while. I miss my soap opera!”
“But kuya, one other thing. Does mom know?”
“Hmmm. I think she suspects, because of the way she talks about you.”
“Shit, I didn’t know I was that obvious.”
Smiling, Mike said, “Well, just a little bit obvious! It’s the way you move, but it’s not vulgar or showy. It’s just you Leo. And don’t worry about it. You are still part of the family.”
“Thanks kuya! Let’s listen to the soap opera now!”
Chapter 3

August 25, 1940
On Sunday afternoon, about 3pm, the Alcoreza family was listening to the radio, to the American jazz show. Although Leo didn’t like America, he liked their music. There was a knock at the door, and Mike answered it. It was Mendoza, looking snazzy, dressed nice in long pants and a polo. Leo was hopping up and down, excited. His boyfriend was in the house! 
Leo introduced his two brothers and mom to his friend. After giving Mendoza a glass of water, he asked why he came over. Mendoza wanted to go to church! 
“Oh, but I already went! But I can go twice in one day! Where will we go?”
“I was thinking of Santa Cruz. Although it’s farther away than Quiapo church, it’s less crowded.”
“Perfect!” Leo was thinking going to church with Mendoza was a perfect answer to his kuya’s concern. Clearly, a boy who brought his partner to church can’t be evil! And his kuya was ok with his friend, offering a chair, and something to eat as well. Meanwhile Leo ran upstairs and changed into long pants and a simple shirt.
As they went out of the house, Leo noticed Mendoza snazzy clothes. He had high waist ivory colored slacks, with a dark blue checkered shirt, tucked in. This was quite a change, since Leo usually saw Mendoza only in muddy shorts and a t shirt. As they went to the Santa Cruz, Leo related the conversation with his kuya. Mendoza just laughed.
“See, Leo you shouldn’t have put your hands all over me that night!”
“Me, my hands! It was you who started it! You touched my butt!”
“That was during football practice, when no one was looking. You said stop it, and I did. And then, you start touching my butt, my shoulders while we were walking in the rain!”
“But then you touched my organ!”
“Because your organ was being so obvious! And I had to make sure it wasn’t broken.”
“Oh my goodness Mendoza. As if I am the problem! Anyway, from now on, we can put hands on shoulders, but no more caresses in public. Ok?”
“That is fine with me Mister Alcoreza. I don’t want to dirty your family name.”
“And I will not to get carried away with your handsome body!”
“And I will keep my hands off your beautiful butt, at least in public!”
“So we will have to find a private place.”
“Yes. Someday we will, Leo.”
“Mendoza, to be honest, I have never had a male before.”
“What? As in, never? Not even given a neighbor boy release or anything?”
“No, never. I didn’t want them to just use me.”
“Oh, you were thinking of family reputation! You didn’t want to be seen as a sex crazy girl!”
“Yeah, exactly!”
“So this means you are virgin?”
“Yes! I’m waiting for the right guy!”
“Aha!”
“And you, Mendoza, are you virgin?”
“With girls?”
“Ok, with girls?”
“Yes, I am pure!”
“Ok, with a bakla?”
“Well, that’s a long story!”
“Well, you can tell me the long story on our way to church. Then you can ask for forgiveness!”
“But that is such long story. I don’t want to bother you with it. It was just being stupid.”
“It’s ok. I won’t fall asleep listening to your story. Just be honest.”
“Ok, it happened last summer vacation. I was home in Pampanga. I have a bakla cousin. We were drinking, he, me, some friends, with a few neighbors. After the others went home, there was just me and my high school friend with the cousin. My friend, he had had sex before with a bakla, and knew my cousin liked to do boys. So we did too!”
“All of you together?”
“Well, yeah, my friend and I were close. So it was ok.”
“Oh, my goodness! Such a sex maniac!”
“No, I’m not a sex maniac. But that is one reason why I wanted you. I don’t want to be like some sort of like that. I want, maybe not love, but friendship or something. Not just sex!”
“Ah, so you wanted me for sex!”
“Leo, I didn’t say that. Friendship first.”
“So you want to use me?” asked Leo with a grin.
“Leo, I’m not saying that! If we could, that would be nice. I don’t want to just use you like that. I wouldn’t have picked you today up for church if that was what’s happening.”
“It’s ok Mendoza. I like you too. And someday, yes maybe sex. Who knows!”
“I really like you Leo. You can see I do.”
“I can see a bulge growing in your pants again!”
“I can’t help it! It’s my desire for you!”
“Ahh, so romantic!”
“Well, ok not romantic. I realize that. Its desire. But it’s just normal.”
“Yes, I know.”
“And look at you Leo! You are walking around with a banana!”
“Ok, it’s normal,” said Leo, as he and Mendoza adjusted their organs. “But let’s not make it so obvious. I don’t want God to see us with bulges!”

The next Tuesday, they two boys saw each other in the hallway, and it was agreed after PE class on Friday, Leo would visit Mendoza’s boarding house for dinner. Leo told his mom this, saying that he would be home late, and she said it was fine. 
On Friday, it was a good day for both. Leo figured in two interceptions, and one resulted in a turnover, in other words, he was able to grab the football from the opposing quarterback. In addition, there was no problem with two field goals, which had required him to toss the ball between his legs back three meters to the kicker. As for Mendoza, his passing abilities were superb. Rarely was there a miss, and he was applauded by the American coach. Also, he didn’t fondle Leo, so both could concentrate on the game.
On the way home, Mendoza apologized in advance for the boarding house.
“We have no electricity, so no fan or anything. So don’t expect much!”
“Oh don’t worry about it. In our house, we only got hooked up to Meralco last year when kuya started working. And we really limit our usage to four lightbulbs, the radio, and one fan.” 
“Well, at least you got a radio. Us nothing!”
 “I love the radio! I am not sure what I could live without, you or the radio!”
“My goodness! How could you live without the Mendoza?”
“Well, how could I live without my radio programs?” 
“So selfish. Maybe you should invite me over to listen to the radio too!”
“Maybe, if you are a good boy!” 
“I am a good boy! But look, it’s starting to get dark, and I think I hear thunder.”
“In August, if it isn’t raining now, it is about to rain!”
“So true. We have three blocks to go before my house. Maybe we should walk faster.”
“No, we should run! It looks like a black cloud!”
“Oh shit, here it comes! Run after me Leo.”
“Go!”
They reached the boarding house, and since it was raining buckets of water, both were dripping wet.
“Crap! You know, even if we had brought an umbrella, we would have still gotten wet.”
“Yes. Lucky we had no papers with us, and that it was just PE class.”
As they were standing under the awning of the house, two boys came running up, also in shorts and sandals. 
“Hey Francisco, you got wet too!”
“Shit, soaking wet, we got soaking wet!”
Mendoza suggested, “Let’s take a shower under the drainpipe. We just came from PE!”
“Excellent!” 
As they climbed up the porch stairs, an older woman appeared. 
Mendoza cupped his hands together yelling, “Mother, this is my friend I asked if he could eat over here tonight. Is this ok?”
“Yes, go ahead. I have plenty for everyone. In fact, we might have fewer boys eating here tonight because of the heavy rain.”
“Thanks mother. We will shower under the drainpipe!”
“Dinner will be at 7:30pm, so go!”
The four dripping boys ran to the back of the house. They were jumping up and down with excitement and chill. Mendoza ran upstairs and came back with two large towels, one for his roommates, and the other for him and Leo. The bathroom was outside the house in the rear, with metal and cement walls at shoulder height, so there was some privacy. 
“Hey, Francisco, this is my friend Leo, and this is Gonzales. Leo is my friend, and classmate in PE.”
“Hello there! Come on guys, lets strip off these wet clothes!”
Gonzales and Francisco stripped naked, while Mendoza, and Leo kept their loincloths on. Leo thought of stripping off the loincloth as well, but he didn’t want to get excited, and he didn’t know the two boys well. 
It was fantastic to shower against the drainpipe, because the water came down in a torrent. It almost hurt the head. Soon they were screaming, and jumping up and down, just like they had when they were small boys. Mendoza got out some native shampoo and soap, and soon the boys were as fresh as ever. Under the overhang as well, Mendoza washed the mud off both shorts using the shampoo, and then squeezed them dry.
The boys took turns drying off under the overhang. Mendoza wrapped the towel around himself, and then went to the landing, looked inside, and gave the all clear signal to his roommates. They rushed up the stairs naked. Then Mendoza gave Leo the towel to wrap himself around, and placed his own shorts over his loincloth. They too rushed up the stairs. Mendoza explained that the landlady didn’t want the boys running around naked. 
 “That’s funny, that’s what my mom says too!” added Leo.
“Same here, but we run to the bathroom just in a loincloth. And she still complains! But let me dry this thing now, and they you can dry yours. You sit on my bed here.”
Mendoza patted the mattress. Then he put his back to Leo and undid his loincloth and rolled it up tight in a dry towel. Leo for the first time allowed himself to look at his boyfriend’s butt, and indeed, it was firm, rounded butt, that flexed nicely. Then Mendoza turned around facing Leo, uncovered, and dried himself. He gave Leo a tempting smile, and Leo looked down immediately. Fortunately, Mendoza’s penis wasn’t hard, but Leo did not want to start anything. 
When finished putting on his covering, Leo stood up and whispered, “Mendoza, stop teasing me. You will embarrass us if you do this.”
“Well, who was looking at my butt?”
“No please, let’s not start on this!”
“Agreed! I was just teasing you, that’s all. Now dry your loincloth like I did. I have extra shorts you can wear for dinner. I will get something downstairs. You make yourself at home.”
So Leo stripped and dried his loincloth and then put it back on. In the front bedroom, Francisco and Gomez sounded like they were talking, and Leo looked around. 
It was an old, wooden house, with a stairway leading down to the back bathroom and kitchen. Another opened door led to the front room, while a small step-over door led to a narrow outside balcony that had a clothesline. Fortunately, there was a big overhang, otherwise the clothes would have gotten wet in the rain. Although there was no electricity, so no fan, at least it was cool with big sliding windows made of capiz, a translucent seashell. The walls and ceiling was painted white, but since there was so many things lying about, the room was rather dark. And it was cooling off because of the heavy rain outside. There was an unlit kerosene lamp by the small table. Mendoza’s bed was in the rear bedroom. This had four beds, and Leo, looking at the front room, also saw four beds, bunkbed style. The frames were made of wood, with thin cotton mattresses. Each bed had mosquito netting, and a small chest of drawers, placed on top of each other. 
Leo wanted to see the street, and asked Francisco if he could look out the window. He waved him in, and continued talking to Gonzales. They too had changed into loincloth. Leo looked out. It was still raining hard, nearly 45 minutes later, and now the sidewalk had disappeared. It was dusk, becoming a black night. This is bad, thought Leo, he might not be able to go home tonight. The rain was nice to look at underneath the street light, it was so strong, and the air so fresh, and made a slight breeze. It was so much better than the intense heat during midday. And, best of all, he was safe inside, and wasn’t outside stuck in the downpour.
Mendoza came up, and signaled Leo back to the rear bedroom. He took off the towel around his waist, and handed a mug to Leo.
“Here is some hot tea Leo. Here, drink this, and then we can take a nap before dinner.”
“Do you have to help prepare dinner?”
“Oh no, dinner comes with the price of the bed, forty pesos per month. So we can sleep now. Can you nap beside me? It’s kind of squished, but I don’t think you should use someone else’s bed.”
“It’s ok, it will just be a quick sleep anyway. But let’s not touch each other. Keep your hands to yourself Mendoza.”
“I beg your pardon! I can control myself just fine, Mister Alcoreza!”
“Ok, I am just saying!”
“You just lie back. That is more like it. Now relax, and we will go to sleep.”
“Do we need to get woken up for dinner?”
“Oh yeah, mother will scream! Don’t worry about her! Go to sleep now.”
Chapter 4

August 30, 1940
Leo awoke because his partner was startled. Mendoza was on his back. With three other boys watching, Francisco was lightly slapping Mendoza’s erection, outlined under the loincloth. This caused laughter among the boys, who evidently were used to this kind of thing. 
“Francisco, stop!” Mendoza turned away from Francisco. “What do you want?”
“Time for dinner! You and Leo! Come, says mother!”
“Yes, coming now. You guys go on down, we will follow right away.”
As the roommates were going down, Leo asked if this was normal teasing. “Oh yes, it’s normal. It’s just a little strange though, to do it in front of you, a visitor. But normal. I guess they think you are ok. Here, let’s get up, and I will get you my extra shorts. We don’t need shirts. Your loincloth is ok now, dry?”
“Yes, thanks Mendoza.”
As Leo put on the shorts, he went to look out the window. The downpour hadn’t stopped. Now the sidewalk was invisible, totally under water. Leo guessed that the flood reached past the knee. It would be difficult to go home after dinner. 
‘Mendoza, can I sleep here tonight? The floodwaters are deep, and it’s still raining hard.”
“Yes, of course. That’s what I was thinking.”
“Can I call and leave a message with my neighbor?”
“Yes, but you do that after dinner. Dinner starts with a prayer, and I think they are waiting for us. I need to turn down the kerosene lamp.” 
“Thanks!” Leo gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.
“Ok, we go down now!” And with that, gave a little slap on Leo’s butt, who went down the stairs.


It was now a full house, with all the boarders present, plus Leo. 
The dinner was good. It was pork adobo, with potatoes and garlic, ampalaya salad, and red rice. Leo noticed that these boys really ate a lot of food. The pork was ample for the fifteen normal servings, and the boys ate everything up. 
“You see Leo, where the rent money goes to!” commented mother.
“Yes, they can really eat a lot. Maybe this is partly your fault mother, because the food was so good!”
“Yes, maybe I should serve fish more often, and have lots of small bones in it. Real fishy taste, and hard to eat! Perhaps catfish?”
“Oh no mother, that would not be so nice!” exclaimed one of the boys. “We would starve to death, and die of malnutrition if it wasn’t for you!” exclaimed another.
Leo asked if there were other meals served. 
“Breakfast, coffee with egg and rice, or pan de sal, or something not so heavy. And I just leave it out for them to eat,” reported the landlady. 
“And we always pray before dinner, and mother makes sure we go to church on Sundays too.”
“We are very blessed here.” commented Gonzales with a straight face.
Most of the dinner was done in silence, as the boys concentrated on eating, except when mother was asking questions. There was some discussion about the flood, and all agreed that there would be no class tomorrow. In fact, one of the boys noticed that the Pasig River was nearly overflowing its walls. 
But fortunately, the house was built about three feet above the street. The flood would stay outside. It was a large rectangle old house, quite bare. There was a bench and chair near the large window with iron grills facing the front, and a bookcase with large dresser, that sort of sectioned off the bed of mother. They were sitting on a long table with two benches and mother sat in the chair at the head. The table was made of planks of varnished wood, similar to the benches. Leo sat on a low stool at the other end. 
In the back of the house Leo could make out a small bathroom, evidently used by mother, and a dirty kitchen for cooking. Near the back door was a large cement sink without a faucet, and a table next to it. The walls and bare ceiling were painted white, and the only decoration was a small statue of Jesus on the cross. The lighting consisted of two kerosene lamps, both suspended from the ceiling at opposite ends of the house. Turned on low for economy, these gave a warm, yellow glow.
After dinner, the boys retired upstairs. According to the chart, it was Mendoza’s turn to wash the dishes, and Leo helped. This took about twenty minutes, with both boys washing, and Leo pouring water saved from the drainpipe to rinse the dishes. Leo was a bit worried about the flood. He said that it might be worse near his house, because often the estero, or canal got clogged up and quickly flooded over. Fortunately their house, like Mendoza’s house, was a bit high. 
When the two went upstairs, Leo was a bit shocked to see them all lounging on the floor dressed only in their white loincloths. On the other hand, that is how he and his brothers relaxed in their room, but this was more open, and more of them. 
“Hey Mendoza, I think it’s a drinking night!”
“Yes, with all this water, we need some warmth, the warmth of alcohol running down our throats,” exclaimed another.
“Besides, there won’t be classes tomorrow, it will take a while for this thing to go down.” 
“Ok,” announced Mendoza, “but do we have money?”
The boys shook their heads, claiming they were broke. So Mendoza went over to where their shorts were hanging up on hooks next to the beds, and felt for coins. 
“Hey, you can’t do that!” exclaimed two boys.
“I feel money! I feel coins! Francisco, Almeda, Bulaon, you guys have deep pockets! Let’s share, shall we!”
“Hey, I’ve got some coins too,” added Leo.
“But you are the guest!” replied Mendoza.
“Look, I’m not buying a big bottle or anything. this is just 25 cents!” reported Leo. 
“Hey, now we are talking. What a sweet special friend you got!” claimed Francisco.
Mendoza raised his eyebrows at his roommate, in a cold stare.
“Ok, ok, here is another 25 centavos!” added Gonzales..
“Hey, now we are getting close,” remarked Mendoza. “Bulaon and Almeda, do you have something to add?”
They both added ten cents, so now they had nearly a peso, which would buy a liter and a half of gin, and a little bit of ice in addition. Mendoza and Leo were the ones who went out, since they were in shorts and still needed to call Leo’s house.
Outside the water was nearly up to the crotch, so the two pulled their shorts up. At the store, Leo made a quick call to his neighborhood shop, and they promised to send their boy to Leo’s house to tell them he wasn’t coming home due to the flood. Over there, the water hadn’t reached the first floor yet of any house, so it was still ok. This was a relief to Leo, now he could relax. 
But he did need to warn Mendoza about something else. Once up on the boarding house porch, he said, “Hey guy, I know Francisco from first year. He was just a classmate in English class, and not friends. But he would know I am bakla. Do you think it will be a problem?”
“Leo, most guys at Normal know you are bakla. But being in a boy’s boarding house means we have really no privacy. So we roommates talked about this a long time ago. ‘What goes on in the house, stays in the house’. Both Gomez and Gonzales and others have had ‘special friends’ sleep over. And Viloria has snuck his girlfriend in a few times. We don’t talk about it to outsiders. We might tease each other at home, but it’s not discussed outside. So that goes for you too. Don’t repeat what you see and hear to girls or to your bakla friends.”
“Yes, of course, I will not.”
“Then there is no problems!”
“Ok, I am just warning you.”
“I am not worried about Francisco. But we will get teased by them.”
“Will that be a problem?”
“I think we can handle ourselves!” Mendoza smiled, and punching his fist into his palm. Leo gave a questioning look, which Mendoza just laughed away, and gave a squeeze to his friend’s shoulder. And with that, they ran back up the stairs to the second floor.


When they returned with gin, ice, and fried pig skin with vinegar for snacks, the pitcher was out, and the boys fixed up a small low table in the middle of the back bedroom floor. It was still a bit warm, especially without a fan. Mendoza told Leo to strip down to his loincloth like everyone else. 
When Leo was undressed, Mendoza tapped the floor beside him, so ordering Leo to sit down beside him. Mendoza put his hand around the knee of Leo, which a couple of other boys were also doing. So, everything was cozy and casual, and Leo did not feel so out of place, but he was a bit worried about any teasing. But from the looks of it, he figured that Mendoza was one of the leaders of these boarding house boys. As the place was being arranged, Leo asked about the room mates.
“Are all of you guys going to school?”
“Yes, all students,” replied Mendoza. He pointed the boys out in clockwise fashion. “Dominguez, Far Eastern Institute, Francisco, and Almeda and Gonzales, Philippine Normal, Bulaon and Gomez, University of the Philippines, and Viloria in San Beda!” 
“A brilliant group of boys!” noted Leo.
“Yes, but so stupid when we drink!” replied Viloria. “Especially Gomez! No brains!”
“Ahh, the last time we drank together, Viloria was passed out, drooling on the floor!”
“This, I don’t remember Gomez! There you go again, making things up!”
After a few rounds, Bulaon got out his guitar, and the boys sang popular kundiman and harana. Actually, these guys could have been in a choir, thought Leo. He thought maybe they had a lot of singing practice together while drinking. His own voice was not so bad, having sung in a glee club in high school. In the meantime, Mendoza’s elbow was still on Leo’s knee, and occasionally he would rub the thigh. This was ok with Leo, as long as it didn’t become obvious. 
“Hey, Mendoza, where is Leo going to be sleeping tonight?” asked Francisco.
“Beside me. He’s stuck here because of the rain.”
“Oh. That will be romantic, having a special friend sleep beside you!” This comment came with a muted laughter from a couple of boys.
“Yes, and that is why you need to lay off the issue Mister Francisco!” replied Mendoza.
“But maybe you two will wake us up with some mmmm, mmmmm, and ahhhhhs!” This was said with sound rhythmic sound effects.
“Oh no, not me Francisco. It is your masturbating every night that wakes boys up around here. You are noisy!” This too got laughs and kidding from the other boys. Evidently, they too had heard Francisco’s groans.
“But with me, at least it’s just me. It will be two of you making noises!”
Mendoza replied, in a barely disguised threatening tone, “Francisco, calm down. Leo will not cause problems. I do like him yes, but it does not involve you.”
“Ok, I’m just saying I might get envious!”
“Francisco. Stop. You are being a twit,” warned Mendoza with his index finger in the air.
At this point, Almeda, and Viloria, put their arms around Francisco’s shoulder, and quieted him down. He soon saw that he was outnumbered. Bulaon played two more songs, and soon everyone was singing again. Leo relaxed, but then felt the need to pee. Mendoza said just pee in the laundry sink on the back porch. So Leo got up and went to the back. 
While he was peeing, Francisco slid up next to him to pee too, so Leo moved over. He was a bit nervous, especially since, glancing over, Francisco was not hiding his enlarging penis. But Leo was able to pee once again.
“I want a special friend too Leo! Could you get me one?”
“Hey, I’m not going to get you one! I’m not a pimp!”
“But don’t you have a bakla friend or something?”
“Look, Francisco, the problem is you. Nobody else. You like to tease the bakla. And their male friends. Who wants to be teased in public? If you were nice to bakla, they would be nice to you!” With this, Leo shook his penis, and put it back into the loincloth.
“Do you think they would like me Leo?” Francisco also put away his organ, and tightened up his loincloth.
“Yes! Remember Fred in our first-year class? He had a crush on you, he admitted it, and then you laughed at him in front of the class. So rude! Stop acting like a jerk.” Leo put his hand on Francisco’s arm, and added, “You can do this, can’t you?”
“Yeah, I guess so. Maybe you can talk to your friend Ernie!”
“Oh, you know Ernie? He is a good friend. But no, I am not cupid. You talk to Ernie yourself! In a nice way.”
As Leo came back, Mendoza looked at him with questioning eyes. Leo just smiled, and waved his hand in the air, as in “no problem”. Leo returned to his place on the floor beside his partner. It was breaktime, with some of the boys going to take a pee, and others getting more drinking supplies.
Softly, Mendoza asked, “Did Francisco give you a hard time?”
Leo whispered in reply, “Well, now you mention it, he was getting hard! He asked if I had a bakla for him. I said I didn’t. And he was showing me his organ when he peed!”
“I will show you mine later! It’s better than his!”
“Oh! You will guys will do a strip tease?”
“No! You and me will go out back when we are done drinking.”
“Is it a better penis than Francisco’s?”
“Of course! His dick is a little bit bigger than mine, but it’s black and ugly! Mine is coffee and milk colored!”
“Oh! And do you know this?” Leo asked in a surprised tone.
“We don’t have much privacy around here, as you can see. We see about everything of each other.”
“I am looking forward to seeing it. Is it sweet? Coffee and cream and sugar?”
“Aha! Yes. Sweet like a lollipop. Now it’s drinking time though.”
“But a favor Mendoza. Don’t caress me again. I’m already having trouble keeping it inside.”
“Ok, sorry. I shouldn’t, because I get excited too, just looking at you!”
“Ok, we just drink!” Leo just put his arm on their knees and took another shot. “I’m not used to drinking this much gin. I am a lightweight.”
“Then you say ‘pass,’ when you get too drunk. You need to be awake for later!”
“Yes, thanks Mendoza.”
As they continued to drink, Leo looked around the room. All these brown skin males, surrounded by stained wood furniture and flooring, with a yellowish light from the kerosene lamp, gave off a red-brown glow. A couple of the guys were handsome. Mendoza especially, with his wide shoulders and bumpy stomach, and defined jaw was the best looking. Dominguez and Francisco were also good looking, but still boyish in built and mindset. Almeda was also muscular, handsome, but too short for Leo’s taste. He wanted his boyfriend to be taller than him.
Mendoza had nice skin tone. It was a reddish golden brown. He had a chest that looked comforting to put your head on. His small brown nipples were high on his chest. Leo had noticed sleeping next to him that his armpit smell excited him. And now looking down at the loincloth, the right side was loose, not tightened. Leo could see some pubic hair, and the start of the dark skin around his eggs. But he only could glance at it, for fear of being too obvious. 
Mendoza got up to pee, leaving Leo with only Almeda by his side.
“So you are Mendoza’s special friend?” he asked.
“Yes, I am. Why?” replied Leo.
“Can you be my special friend too? See, I need one too!” With this, he touched the tight bulge in his loincloth.
“No, put it away Almeda. We are classmates, yes, but not special friends.”
“Ahh shit. I was hoping.”
“I stick to one, and that is Mendoza.”
“Too bad!”
“I’ll tell you though Almeda, there are bakla who are interested in you. Really. You have a masculine, tight body.”
“Yes! So I have a chance?”
“With them, but not with me.”
“Maybe you can tell those bakla that all they have to do is ask?”
“Maybe you are just not being friendly enough. Almeda you are sweet, all you need to do is try.”
“Can you just tell them for me?”
“Almeda, you need to do is smile at the bakla, and their heart will melt!”
“Maybe I will try that!”
“Just treat them with some respect.”
Mendoza sat down again beside Leo and gave a squeeze to his knees again. 
“Your room mates are very horny!” Leo pointed his thumb at Almeda, who nodded his head and smiled. “They all seem to want a bakla friend!”
“They all want release, it’s hard for us to wait till marriage.”
“Do they have girlfriends?”
“Some. Almeda, none, but has had one before.”
“But I never got past first base with her,”  he admitted.
“So Almeda, smile and be sweet to the bakla. Maybe you will get a chance,” advised Leo.
“But enough talking of these guys, just don’t let them bother you Leo,” said Mendoza.
“Oh I am not bothered. Just amused. Almeda is nice. My bakla friends think most boys are stuck up. But once drunk, well they become playful and horny.”
“Yes, horny is the word. Honestly, I think we masturbate every night. When the lights go out, the beds creak! And creak. It’s hard being a boy,” admitted Mendoza.
“Yes, me and my brothers try to be quiet about it, but we all have caught each other beating off!”
“A few times we have done it together! Especially when looking at naughty magazines.”
“Oh well, no privacy!”
“Yes! It’s ok though. We trust each other. And later, you and I will go to the back.” And with that, he wrapped his arm around Leo’s leg and gave it another squeeze while Almeda looked on and smiled.
Leo replied, “But let’s listen to what the UP boys are saying!”

Bulaon was talking. “Gomez mark my words. There will be war. Japan is moving south. They are now taking coastal China, threatening Hong Kong. They have Formosa, and all places north. They are moving into Vietnam. They want the natural resources of the Philippines, Malaya, and Indonesia. We have to live with that fact.”
“But they can’t win against the navies of the British and the Americans!”
“That’s nuts Gomez! It’s a new world now. Great Britain can’t do much, they risk invasion in their own country. Hitler is bombing them daily. And the United States, yes, they are taking a hard line against Japan in words, but only in words. They are not prepared for anything. We might get invaded!”
“So what should we do! Just what can we do, a newly independent Philippines against the Japanese? We have nothing except ROTC!” asked Viloria.
“Well, we do have USAFFE. I know that’s not much, but we got something. And the US Navy would protect us,” added Gomez.
“Face the reality.” Bulaon gave a finger slap to Gomez on the head. “America is stuck in a depression, and their retired General MacArthur is tired! We need to make our own military!” 
Viloria butted in, saying that “President Quezon needs to work out some sort of peace agreement with the Japanese military. Make them promise not to invade us, so that way we can stay neutral.”
Bulaon dismissed this comment. “Malarkey! And just why would Japan agree not to conquer us? We have abaca, rice lands, some rubber, sugar, things that they want. We also block their access to Dutch East Indies and Malay States. I am sorry, unless we agree to give them tribute and military bases, we are finished!”
“What if we promised to ditch the Americans? Then be neutral, like what Quezon wanted,” asked Viloria.
“The whole thing is all balled up. The Americans wouldn’t agree. And the Japanese want control, not our neutrality,” replied Bulaon.
“We must fight! We must demand from the Americans guns, for a huge army!” Leo butted in.
“But Leo, we need a modern military. Not just guns, but tanks, bombers, battleships, like that. America isn’t going to give us those things. They are already nervous enough giving “their subjects” rifles. And, their military is weak. It’s every nation for itself!” said Dominguez.
“But we can do what the communists are doing in China. Guerrilla war!” Leo replied.
“But Leo, guerrilla warfare is ok, but we don’t want to be occupied in the first place!”
 “Maybe we can show Japan fighting spirit, by a huge army of armed Filipinos!”
“No offense Leo, but you’re dreaming! We are not a military type nation. The Japanese are tough. We are smiling, peace loving people! Not warrior types!” added Bulaon.
“Besides, America would never agree to arming us, with every man a rifle. We might shoot them,” added Dominguez.
“Let’s drink to that! Leo, maybe we can stick poison in the Jap soldiers’ gin when they occupy us! Here Here!
“Can I just ask gentlemen. Don’t jump on me.” Mendoza downed another glass of gin with water chaser. “Right now, we are occupied by the Americans. Would the Japanese be that much worse?”
Bulaon spoke first, raising his hand in a stop gesture. “The rape of Nanking. The Japanese went on a killing and raping spree, killing maybe 100,000 Chinese. It went on for two months. The Japanese newspaper applauded this massacre, showing photos. And now China is acting as Japan’s rice bowl. Japan is taking their rice, and the Chinese are starving to death.” 
“Mendoza, the Japanese are cruel. The Americans pretty much leave us alone, now at least. We would be suffering under Japan, believe me.” added Francisco.
“Yes, and the Americans talk tough, but they are not the ones who are going to get invaded. They are just a bunch of blabbermouths. And they hardly are helping us defend ourselves either. They are just letting us out to be the sacrificial lambs!” said Leo.
“But what do you want them to do? Give us an aircraft carrier?” asked Bulaon.
“No, the USA needs to say: The Philippines is our responsibility to defend until total independence in 1945. And we will defend you, no matter what happens.” replied Leo. “We will not surrender you to an enemy! Clear!”
“And where is the US Pacific Fleet! In Hawaii, and not here! We just get a few old destroyers,” added Dominguez. “They don’t want to make that promise Alcoreza, because they know they can’t keep it.”
“Yeah, too bad Roosevelt’s words don’t match his military strength. It’s all talk,” remarked Leo. “Because when the USA cuts off all the scrap metal sent to Japan, and all the oil exports, Japan will be forced to decide: Give up China and Vietnam, or take Southeast Asia, and go for broke. They will be pushed against the wall.” 
“But let’s not talk about bad things. Why would Japan want 7,100 islands anyway? They would just get soft here in this tropical paradise,” noted Mendoza.
“And rape our women! Yeah!”
“Maybe we could become “special friends” with the Japanese!” suggested Francisco.
“Oh now you are talking Francisco. You had better get your butt well lubed because maybe the Japanese will think you gotta cute rear end!” laughed Dominguez. “They’ll put you in handcuffs, and you’ll be their sex slave at Plaza Miranda!”
Everyone started laughing, imagining Francisco getting entered by Japanese soldiers. 
The conversation degenerated into drunken comments, but Leo had forceful ideas. Mendoza signaled him to just calm down. 
“But the discussion is important for our future,” Leo told Mendoza.
“Yes, our lives might depend on it. But they are drunk right now, so don’t pay them much attention.”
“That’s our problem, as Filipinos, we demanded independence, but now, faced with war, we don’t have plans, and will hide behind America’s skirts!”
“Leo, calm down. I love you!”
“I love you too Mendoza! Ok, I’ll let it go!”
Almeda patted Leo on the back, and told him to never mind the idiots. Four of the boys shared two cigarettes. 
“This is a time for just relaxing. You don’t smoke?” asked Mendoza to Leo.
“I tried once, but I just got dizzy. You?”
“My football coach smoked, and he said it hurt his game. After 5 years it’s hard to breathe deep, he said. So I don’t.”
“So your breath smells clean, kissably clean!”
“Oh yes! But soon they will want to go to sleep!” Mendoza replied softly. “There is not more gin. Then we go to the back porch!”

Chapter 5

August 30, 1940
Mendoza was correct, the front room boys, and then the rear room boys went to lie down. Mendoza and Leo sat on their bed, and when the kerosene lamp was extinguished, Mendoza handed Leo the bed matt, and they got up and went out to the back porch.
“Hey, where are you guys going?” whispered Almeda.
“I’m going to show Leo the back porch area.”
“Oh, ok. Hey Mendoza, give me some lube.”
“I’m taking it out with me. You want some now?”
“Yeah, just put it on there. Yeah, like that, thanks!”
Leo was puzzled. Mendoza put the lube stuff from an eye dropper onto what looked like Almeda’s erection as the boy rubbed it.
Once they got outside, he asked Mendoza about it.
“Oh, I got an eye dropper, and fill it with coconut oil. I use it to masturbate with. And my housemates, are always borrowing it.”
“So you put it on Almeda?”
“Yeah, it was a bit hard to see, but I saw a brown stick, so I dripped it on. But you never mind them, you are with me!”
Leo thought, these boys really are strange! Imagine masturbating in front of one another, like it was like combing your hair. At least it was dark. But then, maybe that kind of thing meant little to them, since they were not attracted to each other anyway. 
Mendoza put down the mat on the back porch, and both boys sat down. They could only hear an occasional rooster crowing, or a dog barking and a boy snoring. The rain was only a drizzle now. Leo was new at this sort of thing. 
Leaning over, he kissed his friend in the mouth, and got Mendoza’s tongue back in return. This was strange, and exciting. Both boys had just a little bit of mustache bristle, and their lips soon got big and full. Mendoza lightly chewed Leo’s lip, and Leo followed his example. 
Then Mendoza lightly pushed the Leo’s head down to his nipple, and had Leo rub it with his nose, but Leo had questions. He whispered into Mendoza’s ear “Hey, sir, you tell me what to do. I am new to this, honest!”
“Ok, but I’m no pro either!” He put his hand over Leo’s and had Leo rub his nipples. Leo liked this, because he could feel the soft nipples against the firm breast muscles of his partner. The dark spots soon tighten up. Then Mendoza put his hand on Leo’s shoulder and pulled him up and gave him a hug. 
Still keeping one hand on Mendoza’s breast, Leo lifted the arm up and smelled the armpit. Mendoza’s smell was intoxicating, and his wiry armpit hair was damp. He then kissed the boy on the mouth, this time rubbing their two bodies close to each other, bumping their erections together. Both organs were standing upright in their loincloths. Mendoza again lightly pushed Leo’s head, this time to his own crotch, and he sucked in his stomach a bit while Leo removed the loincloth from the shoestring that held it up. 
The organ was very hard, and Leo licked the head. He noticed that the head was large in comparison to the stem, and the length was longer than his own. And Mendoza’s eggs were large, smelled musky and sweet. Leo looked up at Mendoza, who rubbed Leo’s hair. Leo then removed his own garment, and then dripped some oil onto his partner’s organ.
Leo put the shaft in his mouth, and spread around the oil. But Mendoza had to stop him and warn him about the teeth scraping. Leo also had trouble getting the whole thing into his mouth, so Mendoza had to show him how to hold the base of the penis with his index finger and thumb. Mendoza was quickly aroused, and Leo could taste the light salty taste of his juice, as he stroked the organ with his lips. 
Finally, Mendoza breath quickened, and Leo felt the erection enlarge, and then pump as warm liquid came into his mouth. His mouth felt the gooey, milky stuff. He looked at Mendoza, with a questioning look on his face. The boy lightly rubbed Leo’s throat downwards with his index finger, signaling him to swallow. This he did.
Leo slid up and kissed Mendoza, who was still breathing hard, laying on his back. Leo put his face into the armpit. 
“You want?” Mendoza whispered, while tapping Leo’s erection.
“It’s ok! We don’t need to.”
“Oh no, you won’t be able to sleep tonight, with too much semen inside you. I will help it out! You lie back.”
Leo stretched out fully, and Mendoza propped himself up on his elbow. Leo’s penis was hard and was wet on the tip. Mendoza pinched the tip, making the erection pop up. He smiled, asking, “You like?” Leo just nodded. He felt frozen, at the mercy of his lover. He was anxious, worried that it somehow the wonderful feeling might stop. Slowly, with one hand, Mendoza dripped the lube onto Leo’s penis, and spread it around. 
Mendoza then rubbed Leo’s nipples. Unlike his own, Leo’s nipples stuck out a little bit. Leo rubbed Mendoza’s chest, smiling, and murmuring “Ahhhhh”. 
Mendoza wasted no time, and started to slowly rub up and down Leo’s shaft. He kept on looking at Leo’s face, who was concentrating on the stroking. Occasionally he would smile back at Mendoza, but usually he didn’t have eye contact. Leo was too embarrassed for that. Then, within about thirty seconds, Leo started to pant, and his stomach contracted. He whispered “slower, slower,” and Mendoza prolonged the agony. As the organ suddenly enlarged, the juice pumped out. 
Mendoza reached up and got a clean rag and gave it to Leo. Leo first cleaned off his partner’s crotch, and then himself. They both lay back, tired, and Mendoza put his hands up under his head, while Leo put his nose in the armpit, and his knees over the thighs of his friend. 
Mendoza whispered, “Are you ok? It looks like you nearly had a heart attack.”
“I am so lucky to have you!”
“No, I am luckier to have you. Hey, and you are good at sucking me!”
“I’ve never done this before!”
“So you will get even better!”
“You have such a nice body!”
“And you like my smell?!”
“Yes, and your testicles smell good too!”
“I don’t think that a girl would ever say that to me.”
“And yet, I tell you the truth!”
“Did my juice taste good?”
“Like vanilla ice cream.”
Mendoza just laughed. “Do you like my roommates?”
“They are nice. I was just surprised that they were so horny!”
“Just a little rummy, and they become monsters.”
“And you guys masturbate together? Really?” asked Leo suspiciously.
“Well, yes, but only if the lights are off. Well, except for a couple of times, when Francisco buys a naughty magazine from Quiapo. We can’t help it.”
“We use the bathroom in my house.”
“But look Leo, we are eight guys, using one bathroom to masturbate? Not possible. See we have no privacy.”
“Yeah, I guess not. But it’s ok.”
“But hey, don’t mention it to others, huh?”
“Of course not. ‘People who live in glass houses should not throw stones.’”
“Huh? What does that mean?”
‘Don’t make gossip about other people, especially if you live an embarrassing life.”
“Ahh, I get it. Yes, that is the right philosophy. Just a second, let me get up and pee.”
Mendoza rose up and peed into the big sink, and flushed the sides with a dipper of water. Leo squatted up and rubbed Mendoza’s butt. it was so big and round, like a brown half-moon. And so firm too!. 
And as Mendoza was shaking off his penis, Leo saw that his boy had gotten big again. While Mendoza still stood, Leo reached up from behind and rubbed the root of the penis below the eggs. His partner moved his legs apart a bit, and moved his butt back a bit so Leo could get a better grip. Then, Mendoza turned around, and while Leo was still kneeling, got satisfied once again.


In the morning, Leo woke to the sounds of the roommates getting up. He was on his back, and his partner had his leg over his thigh. Mendoza had his arm laid across Leo’s chest, so he couldn’t move. He shook Mendoza’s arm, and tapped his stomach with his left hand. Slowly Mendoza stretched, and he too lay on his back. Leo noticed that his own erection had escaped out of the loincloth in full view of the roommates. He covered it up. 
“Oh, looks like you two lovebirds didn’t get enough last night,” observed Almeda.
“Oh,” said Mendoza, “it is never enough!”
“Yes, I could imagine. But it’s breakfast time you two. Good morning Leo!”
“Good morning Almeda! It’s hard to wake up with a headache!”
“Too much gin! Ha!” Put on your shorts and come down now!”
Leo thought at least the boys were friendly enough and could ignore the obvious. “Do we need to put on undershirt too?”
“Oh no, don’t bother. Come on!” answered Almeda.
At breakfast, it was rice porridge with chicken, coffee and rambutan. Nice breakfast thought Leo. The landlady asked him questions.
“So you are Mendoza’s friend?”
“Yes, we are football teammates.”
“Football? American football?”
“Yes, mother. It’s even taught by an American coach.”
“Oh, I hate those Americans. They try to make us become like them.”
“Yes, sometimes I feel that way too. They invaded us, killed many, and now we are supposed to be their friends!”
“Exactly! And yet so many of your generation idolizes those Americans, young man.”
“For me, I try to take the good with the bad. I don’t idolize them, and we can adopt some of their ideas, but we need to focus on our own culture, not theirs.”
“Oh, what a good friend you have Mendoza! A smart boy. Where are you studying?”
“Oh the same as Mendoza, Almeda, Francisco and Gomez. Philippine Normal. I am studying to be a high school social studies teacher.”
“Very good! In spite of that being an American sponsored school, you are going to teach students about our history!”
“Yes, I want them to have pride in being Filipino!” 
“What a good boy. Many Filipinos have died defending their country, and it’s like the Philippine revolution never happened for some of these boys.”
“My grandfather fought against the Americans, and he told us many stories, mother.”
“My husband died in battle, hit by a sniper. I think about him every day, even now, but get sick when I see some of the things that go on nowadays. It’s like we have become like little Americans.”
“I’m sorry to hear about your husband’s death. Why that must have been nearly forty years ago!”
“Yes, we had just gotten married too.”
“That is sad, mother. I hope he would be happy now that we are making a new nation!”
“Yes, but threatened by either the Japanese, or by the Americans!” 
“Yes. But I am more suspicious of the Japanese myself.” 
“Well, at least the Japanese are more straightforward. The Americans are backstabbers!”
“In so many ways, yes. And we are becoming independent in perilous times!”
“Yes, indeed son. But at least you will be a good teacher.”
“I hope so. Nice breakfast, thank you so much!”
“Where do you stay?”
“Oh, with my family off of Calle Paquita, just past Azcarraga.”
“You must have a nice family!”
“Well, we are honest and hardworking, but not rich!”
“That is the best kind to have, son!”
“Yes, at least we are not politicians or capitalists. But I will do the dishes!”
‘Oh no, someone else can do them dear!”
“Oh no, it’s not a problem!”
“Look, Leo and I will do them together, mother. Don’t worry!” added Mendoza.
So the two set off to do the dishes. Actually there wasn’t so much to do. But Mendoza playfully hit Leo’s head, saying, “You are such a suck up!”
“I like her nationalist spirit!” 
“Oh boy!”
“What’s wrong with being a nationalist? I am pro-Filipino!”
“But you like American football Leo!”
“I take the best of both worlds. Look at you! Brown. I love a beautiful brown boy!”
“You saved yourself right there!”
“Shut you up, didn’t I!”
As Leo got upstairs he was greeted with thrown pillows. “Such a suck up! Why if he lived here, he wouldn’t even pay rent! Long live Bonifacio, long live the Philippine Revolution!” they exclaimed. Leo was even condemned by the UP students!
“Oh you guys,” responded Leo, “full of colonial mentality!” He said this with mock seriousness, waving his hand. 
“Well, revolutionary, time to take a shower! Come on!” announced Mendoza. So the boys went to use the bathroom. Both Almeda and Francisco sat down on the toilet. The two commodes were set off by a corrugated metal wall for privacy, so only their legs were visible. 
Dominguez and Viloria joined the couple taking a shower. Mendoza offered to lend Leo a loincloth, but Leo said that he would just wash his and then towel it dry, so he could wear it later. It was less trouble. 
The boys stripped down to bathe. Leo was worried that he would get excited again by looking at Mendoza, so he just ignored him and talked to the other boys about ROTC. At least the issue of being bakla was gone while taking a bath. 
Later, when walking Leo home, Mendoza asked him what he thought.
“I had a great time. I really like you a lot. A whole lot!”
“I liked you too! But please Leo, mine is not a forever type of love. Someday I will get married to a woman.”
“Oh I know this.”
“I just don’t want to let you down. But you know, I care for you a great deal, you know that?”
“I can tell! I understand. You are a boy.”
“Who is in many ways, in love with you the handsome Leo the bakla.”
“Ahhh. Don’t worry, I am not getting my hopes up. I will love it while it lasts.”
“Ok. Because I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Thanks Mendoza.”
“And my roommates like you.”
“Yes, but I would be afraid to go there and sleep without you there. They might want to mount me!”
“Oh yes, that’s what they would want to do. Really, they masturbate every night, and would love to use you.”
“That’s what I thought. And you, don’t masturbate every night?”
“Ahhh. When I think of you Leo I do!”
“Oh boy, you know the right things to say.”
“And you masturbate too don’t you?”
“Yes, but maybe four times a week or so. Depends. I don’t think once a day.”
“Well, we usually do it before sleeping, sometimes more often.”
“And I want to say Mendoza, I sort of ignored you while in the bathroom just a bit ago. I didn’t want to get hard in front of the other boys!”
“Hey, I figured that. You can’t help it can you?”
“No, it’s just natural for me. I’ve always liked boys. And I get excited easily too!”
“Yeah, I was thinking if I was taking a shower in front of a bunch of girls my age, I’d probably get hard too!”
“Yes, exactly. That’s what penises do! They have a mind of their own!”
“What a smart partner I have! Hey, there is your mom and kuya reading on the front porch!”
Mendoza held Leo’s shoulder until they got to the front gate. Evidently he wanted to show that he was a gentlemen taking care of their bakla son. 
“I am sorry that I am delivering him so late Mrs. Alcoreza. As soon as we reached my boarding house, it started to rain. It was past the knee last night!”
“Yes, we know. He called, and its good, because we were worried about him! Thanks Mendoza!”
 “Mendoza, you want to stay for coffee?” asked the older brother.
“Oh no, I have basketball practice later. And I still have to wash my uniform. But thanks sir!”
“Ok, thanks for bringing him home safe. Good luck!”
Mendoza gave Leo’s shoulder a squeeze, and Leo watched him walk away. Leo thought, gosh, they never worry about me before. I’ve been treated as an independent boy. Now, it’s as if I am their daughter. It’s like an unspoken agreement between the boyfriend and my family. And they don’t have to worry so much though, since I won’t get pregnant. Aren’t customs strange? Constricting sometimes? Maybe it’s the price of being in a relationship.
It was also a strange experience being in love, thought Leo. You enter into a secret, private world of your partner. Now he knew Mendoza’s penis almost better than Mendoza knew it. And he knew how Mendoza would get spasms in his stomach before he released. His eggs nearly disappeared before the penis started to pump. And how his eggs and armpit smelled, sweet, musky.
And how Mendoza prided himself on his sports abilities. A priority for him was protecting Leo from harm. He was not afraid of what his roommates thought of him. He was willing to fight. Mendoza was also basically conservative; it took much to change his opinions, like his view of a Japanese occupation. 
He knew now so much about Mendoza, and he was a little fearful that it could somehow end abruptly. And Leo had to admit, it would hurt himself more than it probably would Mendoza. That was the difficult, but honest fact. 

The following Monday after the boarding house sleep over, Leo saw his friend for lunch. Leo had arrived first, and was sitting down when Ernie arrived.
“My, my my! Someone is just absolutely glowing!” exclaimed Ernie.
In response Leo just smiled innocently, and gave his friend a quizzical look.
“Oh no, I think someone has just lost their virginity. My Leo, you are absolutely glowing, like a light bulb!”
“Hisst! Keep it down Ernie,” Leo said with a wide smile.
Lowering his voice just a little bit, Ernie said, “My, I think you swallowed the Mendoza’s juice, and look at the effect!”
With even bigger smile Leo replied, “Ernie, what is this, you are going to tell the whole school? Keep your voice down!”
“Bakla, just one look at you, and they will already figure the whole thing out. Look at that glowing happiness! Ahhhh!”
In a more serious tone of voice, Leo asked, “Is it really that easy to tell?”
“Oh yes dear, yes indeed,” Ernie laughed. “And I am so happy for you. I bet you were the last bakla at Philippine Normal who was a virgin!”
“Oh, Ernie, you are full of malarky! How would you know! I’m not that conservative!”
“Oh, if you could see yourself now! Why you are like a stoplight! Before, so pure, but now, a fallen angel!”
“Ernie! My goodness. Maybe I won’t even tell you my story!” exclaimed Leo in a fake, hurt tone.
“Let me see, your boarding house dinner was last Friday. Oh, but it was heavy rain. You got stranded there. And Mendoza and you had sex!”
“Shit! How did you know!”
“Aha, I am Sherlock Holmes!”
“Ahhh. I think I can guess! Francisco! In our first year English class!”
“Yes, he was annoying, but really horny too! And big!”
“That’s Francisco! He asked me about you! That I should ask you to go over there again.”
“Oh no, I couldn’t! You are the princess now of boarding house! I don’t want to interfere with your territory dear.”
“Shit! I only want Mendoza. He and I are going steady now. You on the other hand, would want to do the whole boarding house!”
“Yes, and why not! Almeda is pretty good looking too, but I think a little bit small in the loincloth department.” 
“Maybe, but it seemed pretty good size to me.”
“Oh you saw it! What was it like? Big?”
“Ernie, you will have to discover it for yourself!”
“He is always making eyes at me. And I am trying to be shy and not notice him!”
“Seems out of character. You shy!”
“Oh, I really am.” With that, Ernie lowered his chin, pulled out his fan to cover his face, and blinked his eyes timidly at Leo. Both boys laughed.
“That boarding house of your boyfriend, has a boy named Dominguez?”
“Oh, yeah. Nice boy!”
“He always is out looking for bakla!”
“Really? Where?”
“My goodness, you, such a virgin. Cruising España, or Mehan Gardens at night. As if you don’t know Leo!”
“Really! Boys do that?”
“Yes! Just to get service!”
“And you’ve seen Dominguez there?”
“Yeah, in fact near your house, about midnight.”
“I didn’t know!”
“And Dominguez is big, and isn’t a statue like other boys. He helps! Kisses, and bites the nipples even!”
“Ernie! I don’t want to ask how you know this.”
“Oh, do ask!”
“You are such a floozy!”
“Lucky for them, I didn’t go with you to the boarding house. It would have been a story: Boarding House Bakla!”
“Or Enchanting Ernestine, Sex Slave of Boarding House!”
“Your title doesn’t leave much to the imagination! I would be put on the floor, mounted doggie style, while giving another boy a blow job! Yes!”
“Ernie!” Leo was shocked, and put his hand in front of his mouth. Fortunately, the bell rang. “Hey, it’s time for class. I must go now!”
Ernie was laughing. “Ha Leo the reluctant virgin. Admit it, you would like boys mounting you!”
“No! Not like that. I’m not a slut like other bakla I know are,” Leo rose with perfect posture, chin up in the air, while his eyes remained wide open on Ernie.
“Leo Alcoreza, the last of the bakla saints! Go girl! I think I see Almeda down the hall. I will just wait here! Bye!”


Chapter 6

October 26, 1940
At the end of the first semester, in October, Philippine Normal ROTC had a two-night bivouac in the mountains of Antipolo. Leo had been promoted to sergeant cadet, while Mendoza, not so keen on the program, still a private. The program met every Saturday for field exercises, which was, like Leo’s kuya observed, “marching around with wooden rifles pretending to be a soldier”. 
The bivouac promised to be different. For one thing, they were to challenge the nearby Adamson School in preparedness training. For the first time, they were to have rifle practice and mock combat drills. The one in charge of the bivouac was Captain Doug Graystone, an American.
On the bus ride to Antipolo, Mendoza was hung-over from a night of gin at the boarding house, while Leo was excited. Mendoza didn’t like the standing room only on the bus, for it was a two-hour ride to the campsite. They did have a break in Cainta though, where they were able to switch positions, those who stood now could sit.. As soon as they were sitting down, Leo propped his left arm over Mendoza’s back, and the sleepy Mendoza dropped his head on Leo’s shoulder. Occasionally he would fall forward, and Leo had to keep him upright.
Once on the hot bus, they took off their T shirts and put them in their pocket. The student soldiers wore only the regulation shorts and rubber shoes. Regardless, it was hot, and the boys were squished together, chest to chest. The boys got wet from the sweat of each other. Leo tried not to think about this. A few boys got hard from bumping up against one another, according to the catcalls of some of the boys. 
They had been instructed to pack light. They were not allowed to bring alcohol, only a change of underwear, a malong for sleeping bag, a bar of soap and sandwich for the first lunch.
It was about eleven in the morning when the buses arrived in Antipolo. At least the camp site was cool, thought Leo. They were told to assemble at 2pm in formation for instructions from Captain Greystone. 
The overview was all in English. He greeted them all and said that finally the Philippines was getting some money from Washington to properly fund ROTC. Greystone said that when independence does come in five years, 1945, the Philippines will have a military. But while Washington would help set up the military, it was up to Filipinos themselves to develop an army, navy and air force. This must be done rapidly, for Japan had taken over most of the resources of China, as well as Vietnam from the French. The Japanese want the resources of South East Asia. In addition, with Germany overrunning Russia and Europe, it could easily turn into another world wide conflict. 
America has acknowledged that it was going to defend Filipinos from any invasion until independence. It was now supplying excess and old military equipment to its former colony.
Greystone admitted that Japan was a big military power, with a greater army and navy than the USA had. But he said, that will change rapidly, for the USA has a huge population, and was an industrial nation. President Roosevelt has started a big armament campaign. Large battleships and aircraft carriers are being built today. Yet, even without that, Japan would be defeated in a conflict with America. 
The Japanese are bloodthirsty. He said that tens of thousands of Chinese were slaughtered in Nanking when the Japanese took over that city. The Filipinos can expect that same sort of treatment if the Japanese conquered the islands. Greystone said it was for all of these reasons that the boys assembled here today must take this training seriously. 
The cadets of the two buses, one of Adamson and the other Philippine Normal were told the plans. The two groups were going to be broken down into four sub-groups, with rotating one day of rifle practice, the other day of combat drill and war games. Fortunately, Leo and Mendoza were both in the last group, squad D, of rifle practice first day, and battle drills the following day. 
In squad D, the pair helped set up camp. First they covered the ground with leaves, and then set up a large green tarp over the sleeping area. The boys set it up so that it was angled in one direction, so if it rained it would drain away without getting anyone wet. Other boys set making dinner, while others collected wood for a fire. 
The dinner was simple adobo and rice, and for dessert there was singing accompanied by a guitar around a fire. It was a fun feeling of an all-male bonding. In squad D, even if a few of the boys were from Adamson, there was a feeling of togetherness. At about 9pm though, there was some thunder, and soon it started to rain, so the boys climbed into their malong. This cloth was a three-feet wide, six-feet long tube, worn by Southeast Asians. Each boy’s malong, was sewn up at one end, and so was suitable as a light sleeping bag. It was the first night for many, including Leo, to sleep outside. There was no star gazing, but at least they were not getting wet.
That night, an unfortunate event happened. Both Leo and Mendoza did not feel sleepy at 9pm, so they lay down beside each other talked softly. They enjoyed the sound of the rain against the tarp. After a while, they could hear other conversations die down as boys fell asleep. When they too got sleepy, Leo leaned over and gave Mendoza a good night kiss on the cheek. But Mendoza took the back of Leo’s head, and kissed his partner deeply. But suddenly, a flashlight shined on the two and the American commandant burst out, “What are you two doing!”
The commandant had been taking a tour of the campsites with the student military leader, Lieutenant Soriano. He was shocked with what he saw and demanded “You two stand up right now!” Other boys heard the commotion and awakened.
Both Leo and Mendoza promptly stood up and came to attention. “What are you two doing wearing rags for God’s sake?”
“This is our underwear sir!”
“Can’t you wear boxer shorts or something?”
“My family cannot afford.” answered Leo. 
“Most of us wear loincloth sir, it is cheaper.” added Soriano. 
“What a bunch of baloney. What are your names privates?”
“I am Alcoreza sir.” 
“I am Mendoza sir.”
“Geez, but what are you bennyboys doing on this bivouac? I won’t have soldiers kissing each other!”
“I am sorry sir. But we are not bennyboys. We are real boys, it’s just I like other boys!” answered Leo.
“Look, the US military won’t tolerate homosexual behavior among its soldiers!” 
“But it was just a quick kiss, sir!” pleaded Leo.
“I don’t care, soldiers do not kiss other soldiers! Period!”
“Sir, sergeant Alcoreza here is one of our better soldiers, He is up for promotion,” added Soriano.
“He is a homosexual!”
“Oh we know about he and his partner Mendoza. They are good football players!”
“Football! What does this have to care with football lieutenant?”
“Just to show that both of them are capable of doing manly things sir.”
“But kissing isn’t a manly thing!”
“We just ignore it sir.”
“Well, I don’t like it lieutenant. I know that you have your own culture, and we have ours, but homosexuality has no place in any military. Are you hearing me you two?
“Yes sir,” both Mendoza and Leo answered. “We won’t do it again.”
“You had better not. Here I am trying to make men out of you, and you two go kiss each other! It’s like girl’s behavior. I am going to consult my superiors about this issue when we get back to Manila. Because I don’t like it.”
“Yes sir! Sorry sir!” the couple answered.
As the commandant and Lieutenant Soriano, walked off, the two boys were asked what happened. The whole squad D was now awake. Leo answered, saying that he had given his partner a goodnight kiss, and the American made it into a big deal. 
Two boys from Adamson asked them, “So you two are bakla?”
Leo answered, “Well I am, but my partner Mendoza is a boy.”
“Ahh, we didn’t know.”
“Exactly! We don’t make it a point to have to tell the world. It’s our affair, not the commandant’s,” answered Leo.
“We don’t care if you are bakla or whatever. We got many bakla at our school,” admitted the Adamson student.
“Oh, well, what can I say?”
“Let’s just go to sleep and ignore what the American says!”
“Thanks guys. Good night!” replied Leo. The other problem though would be Mendoza. He didn’t like to be put in the limelight, or under the flashlight, certainly on an issue like this. Mendoza had his back turned to him, making no movement. 
“Hey, Mendoza!” Leo said in a whisper. Mendoza made no reply. He shook his shoulder. In response, his partner, keeping his back turned, put up his hand to wave him away. Leo slid up closer, lay his hand on his shoulder again, and whispered, “Hun, I’m sorry!” and Mendoza shook his shoulder, and slid away from Leo, taking his bag with him.
“Shit!” Leo said aloud. And he too slid back, and put his back towards Mendoza, and tried to go back to sleep. 


 
When Leo woke up the next morning, Mendoza was gone. Not a good sign, thought Leo. We will have a problem right in front of all these other guys, and they will probably make fun of us. That stupid Mendoza! He will make the problem worse. He put on his shorts, rolled up the malong, and went to the breakfast area.
Each group had its own breakfast, and Leo and Mendoza were on the cleanup crew. Yet in the food line, Leo saw Mendoza serving breakfast to the cadets. When Leo’s turn came to get food put onto his plate, he asked, “I thought we were on clean up?”
Mendoza replied, without looking at Leo. “I switched with Lorenzo.”
“Oh. Why?” For a response, Mendoza only replied, “Next plate please. Keep the line moving!”
Leo got himself a coffee and sat down by himself. Gosh, he thought, it wasn’t fair for Mendoza to blame me. Ok, I did give him the first kiss, but it was just a good night kiss, that no one would have noticed if the commandant hadn’t walked by. It wasn’t his fault. Bautista, a classmate he didn’t know that well, sat down beside him. 
“Hi Leo!”
“Hi to you too Bautista.”
“I was behind you in line Leo.”
“Oh.”
“I think you need to give Mendoza some time.”
“I bet he is embarrassed,” replied Leo.
“Yes, to be made to stand up and admit he was kissing a bakla, that’s tough.” 
“Well, Bautista, I am the bakla. That’s hard too.”
“Yeah, but everyone knows you’re one. Now guys will tease Mendoza about being one too!”
“But he isn’t!”
“Some guys think if they go with a bakla, they will become one too.”
“Well, shit. Stupid guys! The whole thing burns me up!”
“Just let the issue rest Leo. Don’t worry about it now.”
“Ok, I will try. Hey thanks Bautista!”
“Last sem. in math class, you let me copy your math homework once, remember? See, I owed you one!”
 “Oh right, So long ago. I forgotten. It’s rifle practice today?”
“Yes, after our cleanup shift, remember?”
“How could I forget!”
In spite of his assurance to Bautista, Leo did want to talk to Mendoza, to at least calm him down. But after the cleanup, it was bath time in the river. The naked boys were still splashing themselves when Bautista and Leo got down to the river. Mendoza was just getting out, tying up his clean loincloth, and pretended not to notice Leo. So Leo just stripped off too and went into the river. It wasn’t a good time to try to reason with Mendoza, especially being naked. 
Leo took a quick bath, but still he was too late to talk to his partner, or who knows, ex-partner. Group C and D were lined up for rifle practice. The cadets had never fired a rifle before, and there were ten rifles. The commandant declared the Enfield 1917 was the standard US Army issue rifle. Leo doubted this, since the rifle was over twenty years old. The cadets had been shown how to load, fire, take apart, and clean the rifle already in ROTC practice. Before the weapon was to be fired, each cadet would have to take apart and put back together again the rifle blindfolded. This should take five minutes or less. The commandant announced a contest for the best shot in these two groups. 
Mendoza was in the front of the line, and the commandant did not seem to notice him. When the whistle blew, Mendoza quickly took apart the rifle, and put it back together again all within two minutes. He then took off his blindfold, and went up and got the target practice rifle, loaded it, and got on the ground and started firing away. Soon he was joined by others. 
The target were pieces of wood, about two hundred feet away.  If the cadet heard the bullet strike cement with a zing, it was a miss. If instead made a dull thud, it was a hit. The commandant went around to check the practice, while the cadets rotated in and out. 
Mendoza was the best. There was never a zing sound, instead it was always the sound of a thud. The commandant came over to him and asked him. 
“Attaboy private! What is your name?
“Mendoza sir.”
“Oh shit. From last night. Ok, but where did you learn to shoot so good private?”
“I live in Pampanga. There, my father and I would escort hunters into the swamps to hunt birds sir.”
“With a shotgun I suppose?”
“Oh yes, but also we used a rifle for baboy ramo, I mean wild pig sir. So I learned shooting.”
“Well, you are a good shot. Can you train others?”
“Yes sir, I can try sir.”
“You do that, because other cadets need some help Mendoza.”
“Yes sir.”
That is how Mendoza started to train the others, for the commandant was short of trainers. So, for the next three hours Mendoza went from cadet to cadet, trying to improve their shooting. They were lying down on their stomachs. When he got to Leo though, he tried to pass over him, but some of his classmates behind noticed and loudly coughed. Mendoza looked and frowned. Reluctantly he squatted down next to Leo. 
“Aim through the sights, with one eye. Put the rifle stock more on your chest, less on your arm. Then slowly squeeze the trigger.”
“Mendoza, what happened last night was not my fault.” Leo remarked softly, while slowly shooting.
“Aim more with one eye.”
“Don’t blame me for this!”
“Try it again.”
“And you were the one who held my head while we kissed.”
“Good luck!” And with that, Mendoza walked away. The boys beside Leo gave a loud “ouch!” Mendoza and Leo just ignored them. Leo started to cry, and it was hard to dry the tears without being obvious about it. He did try as best as he could to concentrate on shooting. He thought it was so unfair, for Mendoza just to ignore him like that. 
Obviously both boys were at fault, but really it was the fault of the American commandant, who Mendoza seemed to be now making friends with. Look, the two were talking again. Like a man to man talk. Joking even. Creepy! And that statement about homosexuals. Although most boys might not know the term, they could guess the meaning pretty easy. 
Leo just gave up shooting, and said he needed to go to the bathroom. Another cadet took his place. As he was leaving, a couple of the classmates behind him gave him a sympathetic thumbs up sign, and Leo tried to smile back. At least they are not turning on me, thought Leo. But my boyfriend is! 
Leo pretended he was going to take a dump, so he just went off downstream of the river and thought about things. As he was returning to the camp though, Lieutenant Soriano saw him. He tried to stare straight ahead, but Soriano pulled him aside.
He reached over and stroked Leo’s shoulder. Then he looked Leo in the eye, and said “Look, this is a military camp Alcoreza. You have to be tough here. You can’t cry. Then they will pick on you. Act more like a man. So, dry those tears, and pull yourself together.”
“Ok, I will try Soriano.”
“Don’t just try. No crying!”
“Ok, I get it. Thanks.”
“And I’m sorry about the commandant, Alcoreza. But you must continue on.”
The rest of the day passed without problems. Mendoza continued to ignore Leo, which Leo had to accept. He did notice a couple of guys went up to Mendoza and talked to him and while they were talking, they looked back at Leo. But in response, Mendoza shook his head and turned away. The other boys looked down with their palms up in the air and raising their shoulders, and walked away. 
At dinner time, Lieutenant Soriano approached Leo again. He said that he needed Leo to lead squad D against squad C, the Adamson group in tomorrow’s war games. 
“Forget it. Get someone else lieutenant. My mind is busy with other things.”
“You are the one always talking about defending our nation. If the Japanese invade us, are you going to let some lover’s quarrel get in the way of your performance?”
“Ah lieutenant! That is a bit exaggerated don’t you think?”
“Actually no. This is a military training. And we might be close to war. And you are the best one I have. On campus I relied on you, and now I need you again.”
“What about the commandant? Will he like a bakla leading the troop.”
“It’s all about performance, nothing else.” 
“Oh shit, here we go again.”
“Besides, it’s an order! So snap to it Sargent Alcoreza!” 
“Yes sir,” replied Leo with a monotone.
“Overview: You will brief the men what to do after dinner tonight. The war games start at three am, this coming morning, and last until three pm in the afternoon. Your group, squad D, and them, squad C, can attack each other at any time during the 12-hour period. The first side who is able to bring back the flag of the opponent to their side wins. Every cadet will have two grenades to kill their opponents. These are colored fire crackers. I can advise you, for I was present during previous engagement of squad A and B. But I only will suggest. You will lead.”
“Should I use a diversionary tactic?”
“Yes, and night is a good idea.”
“But we can’t talk about this with the other team around?”
“No. There might be spies. And finally, to do the diversionary tactic, I suggest Mendoza.”
“Oh sir, come one, why are you trying to do this to me?”
“Because he is capable. That’s all. Nothing personal Alcoreza.”
“But, look, this is sort of personal sir, but we are still not talking to each other right now.”
“A lover’s quarrel?”
“You are making it sound stupid.”
“Well, you are stupid for letting it get in your way. Again, lead your troops Alcoreza. Besides, don’t you see I am doing you a favor? In the eyes of the commandant?”
“What favor?”
“A bakla is just as capable of being a soldier as a regular man is.” 
“Ahh. I get it. Like a statement. I’m still not sure I’m up to it.” 
“Before dinner, give me a summarized plan. Squad C is across the river.”
“Yes sir! But sir, one request. You are the one that brings this up to Mendoza, not me.”
“Ok, we will find him now. You and me. Come on Alcoreza!” 
Leo promised himself he would speak to Mendoza in even, clear terms, that would not indicate a problem, and not show emotions. Soriano called Mendoza over, and Leo asked him while it was still light, to do a recon mission down the ravine, over to the camp of squad C. Mendoza said he would, and then went off. 
So far so good, Leo thought. This was the proposal presented to squad D that night:
The safest plan would be a diversionary assault, straight on attack, led by Mendoza, starting at 330am, going across the river, wearing only shorts, and not the white t shirts. The attack should be spread wide, so that the enemy can’t get past them and attack our squad’s flag. This would use most of the troops. Only three would be left guarding the squad’s flag itself, and five going with Leo back on the road to the right, then cutting in to their camp from the road. This would be from the enemy’s rear. Whoever is able to grab the flag first, would take the road back to the squad’s campsite. 
In war of course, it is nearly always unwise to break up your army. But in this war game, it is more of an all or nothing thing, with the flag being the only object. And because of a night attack, surprise is a major factor that belongs to the offense. Leo added that there wouldn’t be a moon tonight, so really, eye injuries in the forest were going to be a problem. The boys should walk with one hand in front of their face. Password would be malas or bad luck. After the meeting, some could take a nap, but others should make t shirt disguises, of soldiers sitting around a fire. Mendoza and one other would scout the area over to squad C once again to look for obstacles, as well as to make sure the other squad was not cheating.
Leo reminded them of their weapons. It was firecrackers with their side getting the color blue flames. These were the “grenades”. If one exploded ten feet away from a man they were to lie down. Everyone was given an incense stick, with two firecrackers. There was to be no cheating, in other words, if a grenade from the other side, or even your own side fell within ten feet of you and exploded, you were dead. 

The attack began at exactly 3:30pm and was a big success. The Adamson squad C had few guards out at all. They had thought that it was too dark to attack in the forest at night, so planned an attack at dawn. The diversionary attack totally overwhelmed them. Mendoza was able to get his men quietly into place at the right place and time. He was the one that reached the campfire and flag first, just ahead of Leo’s group. Leo was able to throw grenades into the sleeping area, killing dozens, so the diversionary group could easily escape on the road. 
Squad C, feeling humiliated wanted a rematch, but Leo would not hear of it. Besides they didn’t have enough grenades. Instead they slept in that morning while A and B were doing target practice. Later they hiked over to Hinulugang Falls near Tatak Road, about four miles from the bivouac area. 
It was hidden away, in a deep forest. There was a little trail to it, and when they got to it, it had falls down a nearly straight cliff, and a small pool underneath. There were four women, without tops on, who scampered away, perhaps afraid of a rape or something. The boys stripped off all their clothes, and jumped in. Fantastic! The water was cold, while the day was hot. Leo had a great time, while trying to ignore Mendoza who still would not talk to him. 
At the awarding ceremony that night, the commandant had to acknowledge Leo and Mendoza. He did admit, that he was proven wrong, “that men of different likes in life can also be good soldiers”. The men cheered for them, and Mendoza even briefly looked at Leo. Some boys yelled out, “kiss, kiss, kiss” but Leo, Mendoza and Soriano quickly shushed them up with a slash of the wrist movement. The commandant produced a case of Tunduay dark rum, not enough to get them seriously drunk, but it was a good end to an eventful weekend. 
Mendoza stayed away from Leo, at the party, while sleeping, and the following morning as well. Mendoza acted like Leo did not even exist. It was so unfair, thought Leo, since he had done nothing wrong. It was Mendoza who had started the relationship, and Leo had tried to keep the relationship private, because both of them did not want to be talked about. It was true, that Leo had been known as bakla before meeting the boy, but that was not Leo’s fault. Mendoza knew this yet wanted this relationship. And on the actual night, all that Leo gave was a quick kiss on the lips, that no one else saw. It was Mendoza who held his head while they deeply kissed, and then the commandant saw them. It was so unfair and so cruel.
The next morning, the commandant got picked up in his car. He had a driver, and his wife was in the back. The ROTC boys waited for their bus, and again it was standing room only. Of course, Mendoza wouldn’t sit with him, so he sat with Soriano instead.
“Thanks for all your help Soriano!”
“Hey, Alcoreza, I just gave the job to the best man I got!”
“Well, I’m glad that it worked out.”
“Yes, you did much better than Group A and B did the day before.”
“Well, thanks. Maybe we were just lucky!”
“You like leading men Alcoreza?”
“Yeah, I like also planning out strategy.”
“You deserve a promotion!”
“So do you sir! But for me, I just want to say, I’m not sure about leading men into battle. Ok, it would be exciting, but there would be a lot of death that I would be responsible for.”
“Well, someone’s gotta do it, be responsible for it. Sending men to their death, in spite of overwhelming odds. It’s an officer’s job.”
“Yeah, it would be difficult though.”
“You and Mendoza still not speaking to each other?”
“He seems upset at me. He won’t talk.”
Soriano put his hand on Leo’s knee. “I am trying to put myself in Mendoza’s shoes. As a boy, we are proud to be who we are: boys. It’s ok if we have bakla classmates, but we know bakla are beneath us. For Mendoza to be openly in a relationship with a bakla, kissing a bakla, to be disciplined for that in front of everyone, well, that would be hard for any boy to take.”
“Well, what about me sir? Everyone knows I am bakla, especially at college. I did try to be more of a male, but being bakla is just me. And I got teased a lot by stupid boys.”
“Yes, it’s unfair to be treated bad just because you are bakla. But Mendoza acts like a boy, a real boy, and then to be accused of being bakla, well that would hurt, Leo. It’s a shock for him.”
“But I didn’t do it! It was the commandant!”
“Yes, that part doesn’t make much sense, but he is embarrassed. Angry!”
“You have talked to him?”
“Well, yeah at the falls, we talked. Just give him time. I like you both, and I hope it works out.”
“I didn’t know that other guys were talking to him.”
“A few, yes. So just be patient with him.
“Ok, thanks Soriano.”
“Hey, Leo, did you enjoy that waterfall yesterday! I really liked it!”
“Yeah it was nice.”
“I liked swimming right under the falls, and with the water crashing on my head.” 
“Yeah, I did that too!”
“I once swam in some falls in La Union, and there was a cave behind the falls. They were big falls and you had to shout to be heard. But this one was nice too. I liked the trail leading to it.
“I haven’t really been to the province, so any sort of falls was great for me. It was like a secret world there!”
From there, the conversation sort of wandered, and Leo could tell that Soriano didn’t really want to talk about bakla stuff. But he tried to be supportive, and he deserved credit. Soriano was not insecure. Even if Mendoza was.

Chapter 7

November 12, 1940
So the bad situation continued, because it was semester break, and most students had gone back to the province, or to cemeteries in Manila to honor dead relatives. Although Mendoza had earlier invited Leo to visit his family’s farm in Pampanga over the holidays, that didn’t happen. Neither did Leo have any reason to go by Mendoza’s boarding house, even though he had been a regular visitor there. 
He could have visited Francisco, but he didn’t want to make problems with Mendoza. And he did want to talk over his problem with his bakla friend Ernie, but he too was in the province. Soriano was right perhaps, just let it rest for a while. 
On the second day of classes, in the second semester, about five pm, walking home alone along Calle Arroceros from classes, there was a sudden rainstorm. Shit, Leo thought, he didn’t want to be late getting home, but he had no umbrella. He was wearing nice shoes and long pants too. He remembered the old canteen that Mendoza had shown him one day after football practice. He had not been there since September, but now it was an emergency. It was a sudden, heavy rain. Leo ran to the back of the building, and there, next to the window was Mendoza, looking at him enter. Leo froze, not sure whether to go in or not. Mendoza just looked at him, with a slow smile. Leo turned looking for other seats to sit at, but there were no other customers in the canteen. He went back to the entrance to see if he could wait out the rain anywhere else, but there was none. He looked back at Mendoza, who did a quick nod, meaning “come on”. He pointed with his hand to the nearby seat. Leo was hesitant, but Mendoza put his hand out again and nodded. Finally, Leo sat at his assigned seat.
“You stay there. Just one minute.”
Mendoza went to the cashier and came back with a two melon juice and a cassava cake with two forks.
“Thanks.”
“No problem Leo”
“I didn’t know you were here, honest.”
“Oh yes, I’ve been here for ten minutes. I thought it might rain.”
“I didn’t expect to see you here.”
“And I didn’t expect to see you here either.”
Leo didn’t want to talk, or at least start the conversation. Let Mendoza start it, he thought. So he just looked out the window. Finally Mendoza spoke, with his hands twitching on the table. “You eat half the cassava cake. We might be stuck here for a while.”
“I’m not really that hungry,” Leo replied in a monotone.
“How are classes? You got what you wanted?”
“Yeah it’s ok, I guess. I got a practicum placement now anyway.”
“Hey, that’s good for you. Me, no more football. But I have practicum teaching PE at San Beda High School.”
“That is good for you. I will be across the street at V. Mapa High School.”
“And your social studies? Are they ok?”
“Yes, they are ok.”
There was a long silence. Leo looked out the window, at the rain. He didn’t want to take control of the conversation, besides he was always the more vocal one, and Mendoza needed to talk.
‘Leo, I don’t deserve your love.”
“What? What are you saying?”
“I don’t. I feel, or at least I felt ashamed.”
“You might be thought of as bakla because you were with me?”
 “Yeah. I was so embarrassed by what the commandant did to us. And by the thought of the other boys thinking I was one too.”
 “Yes. I thought you felt this. And I don’t want to be in a relationship with a boy that is ashamed of me.”
“You don’t deserve that kind of treatment.”
“Yes.”
“But I do like you, love you Leo. I don’t know what to think. Am I bakla Leo?”
“You define yourself. Don’t let other’s do it for you.”
“But do you think I am?”
“You define yourself! It is not for me to decide!”
“You are not answering the question.”
“But I don’t know what is in your brain. In your heart Mendoza. But I saw you as a horny boy, who needed release, and I know you didn’t love my body. You were someone who wanted love from another.”
“But look at me now, now I’m crying, because I know I hurt you. I feel so bad, really so ashamed of myself for being embarrassed because of my special friend.”
“Well, honestly speaking, I think there is a small part of you that might like other males. But that is ok. I don’t think you males are one hundred percent male, or we bakla are one hundred percent bakla either. We are all somewhere in between.”
“Maybe so. I might be a little bit bakla, but I really do like women’s bodies. These are my fantasies when I jerk off.”
“Well, see primarily you are a male.”
 “My dad would be upset if his son was bakla.”
“Search for the truth first, and then decide how to deal with the issue.”
“Yes, that’s probably the best way. Leo, I missed you, but I thought first that I need to sort things out. So I wouldn’t hurt you more.”
“I think I understand.”
“And I have been very selfish. Leo, in so many ways I love you.”
“And you know I have always loved you.”
“Can you be patient with me?”
“It depends. If you keep hurting me, ignoring me, no,” Leo replied, pointing his thumb to chest.
“I mean if we got back in a relationship?”
“If you were nice to me. If you told me what was going on in your brain, yes. But not if you are embarrassed about me. And start giving me the silent treatment, acting like a got some kind of disease.”
“Leo, I’ve been so bad. I promise Leo. Please give me the chance!”
“But look Mendoza, I just ran into you,” holding his hands up in the air. “If I hadn’t run into you because of the rain, would you be saying this now?”
“No, I would be saying it tomorrow in lit class. We are classmates tomorrow.”
“Lit class with Miss Borromeo? At 11 AM?”
“Yes. Remember Gonzales, my roommate? He works in the registrar’s office. He arranged it for me.”
“Gonzales? You talked to him?”
“No, he talked to me. The guys at the boarding house said I was sad without you. They thought we were good together.”
“Shit. Boys talk about stuff like that?”
“Well a little bit. We are a little bit mushy. Just a little bit though.” Mendoza held up his thumb and fore finger to give a little measurement. 
“So sweet,” said Leo rolling his eyes.
“Hey, we are not like girls. It’s just teasing.”
“It is kind of funny though.”
“Can you give me another chance?”
“Maybe, Mendoza. But really, I don’t want to be more public or anything. A discreet relationship. I too have to remember the Alcoreza family reputation.”
“Yes, it wasn’t you who made it public. It was me, by that deep kiss. And that stupid commandant making an issue about it.”
“It really hurt me, your reaction. Your silence, it was so unfair.”
“I’m so sorry. I like you so much, and you aren’t flamboyant, just bakla. And that is ok with me. That is just you Leo, and I won’t be ashamed again.”
Leo raised up his forefinger in the air. “And that, most importantly you will make an effort not to hurt me again.”
“Yes, I understand. Just please understand, this bakla stuff is new to me.”
“But think about it. Boys have mistreated me my whole life just because I’m bakla. So when you hurt me over the same issue, it’s like rubbing salt into an old wound.”
“I’m sorry, again, I apologize. I know you deserve respect Leo.”
“But I really don’t think you are bakla Mendoza. You are too insensitive to be bakla!”
“Insensitive! What do you mean by that?”
“Us bakla think with our emotions. You are too cold.”
“You think so?” Mendoza made a quizzical face. “Maybe. But I feel hurt too, especially now. I do like you Leo.”
“Well, at least you are trying to understand me Mendoza. I will give you credit for that. And I do love you.”
“Thanks Leo.” Mendoza looked him in the eye.
“Looks like the rain is clearing up!” exclaimed Leo.
“So are my tears!” Mendoza wiped his eyes with a napkin.
“My goodness. Real men do cry.”
“Sometimes even stupid movies make me cry.”
“Mendoza, I just want to say, I am not pushing you to go bakla. You are a male, and that’s ok. And I will try not to embarrass you or anything like that. Just respect me, and try not to mistreat me. Is that ok?”
“Of course. I’m sorry that I was acting like a spoiled kid.”
“No, not like that. Actually it was Soriano who got me to look at you better. That you are a boy, shamed in public, identified as bakla. And that would hurt. And he said just give you some time.”
“Yeah, he talked to me too. Yes, that is what it took, time. And being man enough to admit when I am wrong. And I wronged you Leo.”
Mendoza got up, and went to Leo’s side of the table to sit down. He discreetly stroked Leo’s thigh. They couldn’t hug each other. 
“Love that Leo!”
“I love you Mendoza,” as Leo held his hand. “But now, let’s think about going home now. The rain is stopping. And this drama is killing me!”
Mendoza laughed, and said, “I’ll walk you home.”
The two got out of the canteen, with Mendoza putting his arm around Leo’s shoulder. 


One day, at the beginning of December 1940, Mendoza had escorted Leo to church. When they returned to Leo’s house, kuya Mike offered Mendoza to come for dinner the following Saturday night. Leo didn’t know it was coming, but was happy that Mendoza was sort of being treated as a family friend. Of course, Mendoza accepted the invite. It meant respect for him and Leo.
Leo cooked pork sinigang for the event, because it was getting a little bit cool at night. His mom made leche flan for dessert, with carabao milk. Leo made the soup with a lot of vegetables, the way he liked it. The little brother Francis was put on clean up detail an hour before Mendoza was scheduled to arrive. But really, other than the cleaning and the leche flan, there was nothing special about the dinner. Which was fine with Leo, because he wanted Mendoza to feel at home.
“So, what should we call you dear?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Oh, just Mendoza. Manny or Manuel sounds funny to me.”
“Ok, Mendoza, will you go home for the holidays?”
“Oh, yes. Our town has a parol festival, and this year it’s on December 15th and 16th. Our family always participates.”
“You mean the lighted lanterns? Stars?”
“Exactly, our town makes some of the best in Pampanga. Sometimes we sell them beside the road.”
“With electricity, or with candles?”
“Now, mostly with electricity. But some still have candles.
“Nice!”
“Sometimes we use capiz shells, or sometimes just cellophane. Sometimes blinking lights too!”
“Does your family also make them Mendoza?”
“Oh, yes. My brothers and sisters and mom start making them in October. Me, I can only help when school gets out in December.”
“When is the last day of Philippine Normal?”
“It’s December 12th. But I would like to ask a favor. Could Leo visit my family over Christmas break? I already asked my parents, and they thought it was fine. He could stay for a couple of nights. He would take a boat from Quiapo that goes to my town.”
“Over Christmas?”
“Oh no. After Christmas, like 27, 28, and be back 29. Mrs. Alcoreza, I have asked my mom and she said that it was fine.”
“Are you sure? He could stay at your house?”
“Oh yes, it’s a big old house. And the boat fare is only 3 pesos one way.”
“Mike, could we afford it? The payment?” asked mom.
“Yes, it would not make much of a dent on the budget. But that would be your big Christmas present from us Leo!”
“Wow! That’s great! I would love to go there Mendoza,” Leo said happily. He didn’t know this was coming up, and his face lit up. “Mom, I would like to see his family, his mom and dad, and of course the province life.”
“Then, it’s a very good idea. Because Mendoza, we have few relatives in the countryside. Leo doesn’t know how people live there.”
“Yes, I noticed this on our bivouac. He didn’t know how to take a bath in the river. Yet we take a bath in the river every day!”
“I did too know how to take a bath!” 
“But what about shampoo? You didn’t know about gugo shampoo. You didn’t know better than to pee upstream of the bathing area!”
“Why use gugo when I brought shampoo!”
“And proper hygiene? Peeing upstream?”
“Well, I didn’t know!”
“But Leo, you are planning to go fight the Japanese invaders. Do you think it’s going to happen here in Manila? It’s more likely to happen in the province. You will have to get used to it.” suggested the kuya. 
“Ok, I will get used to it. I promise. And Mendoza can show me how. Maybe a swamp survival course!”
“I think the most important thing to remember is how not to get eaten up by mosquitos in a swamp!” said Mendoza.
“Hey kuya, maybe I should go too! I hate mosquitos! And the province would be fun!” Francis suggested.
The kuya answered, “No, not this time. Maybe next time he goes up there you can join.”
“Next time, you can come too Francis!” promised Mendoza.


After dinner, the kuya, Leo and Mendoza played a “tong its” card game out on the porch, while drinking Tanduay Rhum. On the porch was a cheap wooden table that had been repaired many times, and two small benches. They were so broken down, the Alcoreza family thought that no one would ever want to steal them. A small kerosene lamp lay suspended over the table, and that was brought in every night. The radio show, “Philippine Classics” was playing on the radio.
“Well, what do you think of Germany’s invasion of Russia? They are at the gates of Moscow! Think it will come here Mendoza?” asked kuya. 
“No, Europe is far, far away. Japan and China are much closer!”
“But think, maybe Japan might think about taking the Malay States and East Indies. There is little the Dutch or British can do to stop them.” added kuya.
“The Japanese just might, but those Europeans wouldn’t allow it.”
Leo butted in, saying “Mendoza, the Europeans are fighting for their lives, and couldn’t spare their army to help in the Far East. And the Dutch, and French are occupied by the Nazis.”
“But do you think that Japan could actually win against say the British navy? Impossible!”
“But in 1905 Japan really whipped the Russians bigtime! They sank half the Russian fleet!” replied Leo.
“But England is a different lion altogether. Not like the stupid Russians!”
“Well who knows what will happen. But clearly, Japan wants to take over East Asia, and we stand in the way.” noted the kuya. “Besides, even if the British have the world’s biggest navy, most of its navy has to protect them from getting invaded by the Germans.”
“You know, I don’t like Quezon much, but he did help the Jews escape the fascists. So that is one good thing he has done,” noted Leo.
“Leo, what’s a Jew?” asked Mendoza.
“They are the people of the Old Testament. Jesus was also a Jew, and they used to live in Palestine, and then the moved to Europe. They have a different culture and religion from Christians.”
“Why did they escape from the fascists?”
“Because the number one fascist, Hitler, hates Jews. Many Germans don’t like them either, so when Hitler ordered them rounded up, the Germans were happy.”
“So they ended up here?
“Yeah, they were escaping death in Germany. And now, Hitler is going after all European Jews. He will kill them.”
“He sounds bad!”
“He is becoming best friends with Japan!”
“Exactly. Birds of the same feather, flock together!” said the kuya.
“Let’s just hope for the best,” suggested Mendoza. Then to the kuya, he said, “Did you know your brother might become an ROTC officer?”
“An officer? Leo is this true?”
“Sheee! Don’t tell mom. She’ll just get upset.”
“You weren’t even going to mention this to me?”
“I was. I just applied yesterday, that’s all. There won’t be any news until January. But now they need new officers, because the USAFFE is expanding rapidly.”
“Still with wooden rifles that the shooter has to shout ‘bang bang’!”
“Well, yes. No one is really serious about defending the nation. Everyone is saying it’s going ok, but it is a joke. We are going to be left out to die by the Americans.”
“Except of course for Leo! He will become a guerrilla fighter, like the Chinese communists.” remarked Mendoza. 
“And no offense Leo, they allow bakla to be officers?” asked kuya.
“Hey, that is a sensitive topic for me and him,” pointing to Mendoza. “But yes. They know about me. It’s ok for the Filipino army.”
“Ok, change topic. Shot! To peace!” suggested the kuya.
“To peace!” They clinked their glasses. 
“Since we are talking so frankly, kuya, is that Kathrine girl you brought over the other day, are you both serious?”
“Leo, when you bring your partner over to meet the family, that means its serious.”
“Ahh!”
“Like you brought Mendoza over tonight!”
“Well he was hungry!” replied Leo, smiling. “And you were the one who invited him! Not me!”
“Excuse me!” said Mendoza.
“You and Kathleen?”
“Well, yes. But we are not going to get married yet. We are both saving up our money.”
“Great! I’m happy for you. She seems like a nice girl, and funny too! When is the date?”
“Maybe a year. That’s when our little Leo will soon be graduating, and working as a teacher!”
“Yes! To work!” Leo drank another shot glass.
“Hopefully, you can help a little bit with the expenses. But I know your salary will not be much.”
“It’s ok, kuya!”
“Kuya, where do you work? Leo told me, but I forgot!”
“At Bank of the Philippine Islands. As an assistant manager.”
“My kuya is very industrious!” remarked Leo.
“Well, not so much. But we agreed not to get married until Leo finishes school! So that’s like six more months!”
“I will hurry up so you can get married.”
“Well, I just hope that you stay bakla, so you take care of mom.”
“Hey, you’ve got this all worked out!”
“Well, yes. I will help still help pay some of the bills here. And in the meantime, you will become an uncle!”
“My goodness. But what if I want to have a kid too?”
“I think you have the wrong equipment inside your loincloth! No pregnancy!” observed kuya.
Mendoza laughed, “Maybe he wants my baby!” 
“Shit, you two. I was just thinking, that’s all. I could adopt or something, who knows?”
“Well, maybe that will happen, someday!”
“Let’s get back to the cards.! This conversation is too personal!” declared Leo.
The rest of the card playing was friendly and stayed away from personal topics. It was good too, because Mendoza felt comfortable with the family, and he was accepted in the house. Mendoza even gave him a quick kiss in the living room before he left. 
After Leo said farewell to Mendoza at the door, the kuya motioned Leo to sit down beside him.
“Leo, this is not my place to say this, but I just want you to realize something.” 
“What kuya?”
“You said Mendoza is a boy. I think he is a boy too. Boys get eventually married to girls. That is their dream. They do not get married to bakla.”
“I know this.”
“Well, then, I don’t want you to forget it. Mendoza will eventually leave you for a girl. I can see he likes you very much now, maybe loves you, but eventually will find a girl.”
“That’s why I’ve been trying to get pregnant! Ngaaaaaaa!” 
“I’m trying to warn you brother. It will not last forever.”
“I know this.”
“I just don’t want your heart to get hurt.” 
“I get your point, I do. And thanks kuya for warning me. Mendoza has said it to me too. 
“Well, that means he is being honest with you Leo.”
“Yes, he is honest.”
“And don’t get me wrong either. I think he is a nice boy, and that he is taking good care of you. Mom likes him too. But I don’t think it will last.”
“You think mom knows he is my boyfriend?”
“Yes. Remember she has a bakla brother, Uncle Ferdie. She must have grown up knowing your type.”
“Oh, I guess so. I try not to make it too obvious.”
“I think even our dog knows what’s going on.”
“Kuya!”
“Just don’t get your heart broken brother!”
“It’s ok. I know it is temporary. I try not to put too much emotion into it.”
“Well, put some emotion into it. He deserves it. Maybe like you would a very close friend.”
“Thanks kuya for your warning. Also warning me about taking care of mom.”
“Is that ok, you taking care of mom? Or it might be Francis, he might not get married for at least some time!”
“No, I am fine with that. And maybe next year I can get a teaching job and help with the finances. I know it’s a burden for you kuya.”
“These are not things that we need to worry about right now. But sometime!”
“Good night kuya. I’m a bit drunk!”
“I will go upstairs to sleep in a little bit. I’ll just finish this cigarette. Night Leo!”

Chapter 8

December 27, 1940
During the Christmas break, Leo was able to leave for Pampanga all by himself. He had never taken a trip far away, but he was determined to prove himself. Leo wanted to show to his partner that he was serious, and could handle a challenge. He loved Mendoza, and he wanted to find out more about his life. The problem was he couldn’t just say to the family that he was in love with their boy. He would leave it up to Mendoza. He would follow his lead. 
Leo liked the weather in December the best. It was cool in the morning, and although it could get warm in the afternoon, it cooled down again at night. And there was no danger of rain either. He walked down to the area below Binondo and saw the cascos along the estero. He didn’t use these though, since they used poles, and it would take all day to reach Pampanga. Instead he used the small steamer that made a daily trip to Pampanga. Leo could have also used the bus, but the water route was more scenic. Also, the Mendoza family lived near the bay, so the water route was faster. Mendoza had given him written instructions where to get down, and would be expecting him along the docks. 
On the way, he saw the fisherman huts of Tondo, Navotas and Malabon. These houses, up on stilts, were made like a basket, with woven walls and bamboo and thatch roofs. And then the steamer cut across the bay, and far away, mangroves could be seen. The fishermen were slowly gathering up their nets. North of Malabon though, they lost sight of the shore completely, and made straight for Mendoza’s province.
Nearing Pampanga from the water, it seemed like endless mangroves and swamp. There was no real shoreline, just grasslands, mangroves, and clouds of birds. Leo didn’t know birds that well, but there were many white birds with long legs. The boatman said they vacationed here from China, because it got cold there in winter. Beyond the swamp lay distant mountains, hovering over immense flat lands.
When he got down at the dock at Santo Niño town, there was Mendoza waving at him. Leo could tell he was very happy and squeezed Leo tightly when he was walking under the shoulder of Mendoza. 
“Was your trip nice? 
“Yes, I saw so many birds. Especially the white ones with the long legs. Terns from China right?”
“Yes, they hang out in the rice paddies.”
“I think they are trying to avoid the invading Japanese army.”
“And I think this Leo’s imagination at work again.”
“Yes. If we could only train them to drop tiny bombs on Japanese soldiers when they return.”
“If only you were St. Francis, those birds might listen to you.”
“They could bomb them, just like a Stuka dive bomber!”
“But then the Japanese would shoot all the birds!”
“Maybe not such a good idea, huh! Bad for the birds. But can I ask Mendoza, your parents don’t know I am bakla do they?”
“Oh no, and don’t mention it to them either. They might get ideas about us.”
“I could say, I’m pregnant with your child.”
“Then my mother would undress you and check your equipment. And when she finds a penis, she will really wonder! She might cut it off!”
“I am hoping for immaculate conception.”
“Oh really, like the Virgin Mary? I think you have too many sins.”
“Yes, like coming up here to see you!”
“But act just a little bit more like a boy. Keep your wrists from flying around.”
“But they have a mind of their own.”
“Restrain them.”
“You need to give me handcuffs!”
“Maybe that is a good idea. So you can’t stop me hugging you!”
“But Mendoza, ok I will be less showy. But look at you, boys don’t walk so tight with each other unless they have been drinking. So let’s keep some distance, ok?”
“I can’t help it. You look so good, and I want to fuck you now!” With that, he gave a light spank to Leo’s butt.
“Mendoza, stop it. We cannot do this sort of thing. People will see.”
“Oh, we are not going to allow them to look. I’m going use your butt on the way to the house.”
“My butt! I think that would hurt. That’s what my friends say!”
“Love is supposed to hurt.”
“You would mount me and get pleasure, while I would get pain!”
“But Leo, I will be gentle. Besides I brought some vegetable shortening. Remember I said I had sex with my cousin once. That’s what he used. I know how to do it so it won’t hurt.”
“Ahh, if you know how to do it so it won’t hurt, well, then I can enter you!” 
“Oh no, I am the boy! And you are the girl. Boys enter girls. Now, here is our canoe.”
“Can’t we be a little bit more flexible? Like I do you?”
“No, me entering you is more normal.”
“Well, maybe we can try.”
“Honest, you’ve never done this before?”
“No, you are my first boy!”
“Shit, 19 years old, and still nearly pure. Ok. I will enter you, gently. Now here is our family boat. We live just a little bit outside of town. On the way there, there is a nice sandy beach that we can swim in. And do other things too! All by ourselves.”
“Hey look, I’ve never been in a canoe before. So be patient. It looks narrow, and it wiggles.”
“I will take good care of you Leo. I promise.”
“Thanks. But what about crocodiles? Aren’t there crocodiles in swamps?”
“Crocodiles! There are no crocodiles here. The farmers killed them off a long time ago. Like in the time of Aguinaldo.”
“Ok, I just read about these things.”
“You just sit down and relax. I will use the pole to move us forward.”
“You don’t use the paddle?”
“No, the river is shallow, and the pole is quicker. We will be at the private beach in five minutes.”
“You know best!”
“Yes! Now I will steady it. Then you climb in slowly, no jumping in. Ok, you slide in now, and now me. Off we go!”
The pole did work fast, even if it made Leo uncomfortable seeing Mendoza standing. He was nervous about the canoe, since he couldn’t swim that well. Besides, if the boat capsized, and Mendoza died or something, how could Leo survive? Where would he swim to? The water was a maze of channels. 
To Leo’s relief, they came upon the beach soon enough. It was up a small stream that ran into the Pampanga River. Oddly, in an area of mud and grass, this area had trees and sand. Mendoza slid the boat up onto the beach and directed Leo to take the basket of food and water behind some bushes. He then took off to hide the canoe in the grass and came back holding his shorts and t shirt next to his chest, clad only in his loincloth. 
He came up to Leo and gave him a big kiss. He then undid Leo’s belt, and took off the shorts, and shirt, putting them behind the log. Leo lightly slapped the tip of Mendoza’s erection, rubbing it against the cloth. Leo pulled on the shoestring holding up the loincloth, off it fell with the rest of the clothes. Now, Mendoza was standing up straight, while his erection was going up at a sharp angle, pulsing in time to his heartbeat.
“This is your Christmas present Leo.”
“I like it!” With it, he lightly pinched the most sensitive part, moving his index finger along the heart shaped dark purple underside. 
Mendoza then undid Leo’s loincloth, and rubbed underside his butt. “This is what I like Leo!”
“Look, you have to be gentle with me sir! I am a virgin in the butt.”
“Trust me. First I will put Purico on me, and then we apply it to you too.” 
“Shortening? You are going to fry me?”
“No, you bakla always use Purico!”
“And how would you know?”
“Remember, my cousin? That’s what he uses! Take it from a pro!”
With that, he reached into his short’s pocket, and pulled out a small matchbox. Then, he got out a bedsheet from the food box, and placed it on ground, and gently guided Leo into a doggie position. He then rubbed Leo’s testicles and erection from the rear. Mendoza slowly rubbed his thumb around the anus, and tried to relax Leo’s tight butt. He then put Purico on his index finger, and slowly slid it in, back and forth. At first Leo tried to grab it with his anus, but then relaxed and let move freely. 
“Relax it, just let it slide in and out.”
“Your penis is bigger than your finger!”
“I will go slowly, gently!”
Leo stroked Mendoza’s throbbing erection with the Purico, and then got down doggie style. Mendoza slowly put himself into Leo. Once he got his pelvis bone up against Leo’s butt, he slowly slipped out. He then put in more shortening and moved it back and forth. 
“It’s ok? You tell me if it gets too painful.”
“Kay.”
Leo felt strangely hot all over. A strange feeling indeed, being speared by a boy. And he liked how Mendoza held him tight around the hips. And although he was losing his erection, it still felt good, stimulating and strange. Good that there was no one around, because he couldn’t help but moan when his boyfriend thrust inside. All he needed to do was just stay on all fours. 
He really did feel like a girl doing this though. Leo could tell when Mendoza was getting closer to coming, because he knew Mendoza so well. But now Leo was openly moaning, not loudly, but rhythmically. The penis seemed to get bigger and bigger. Finally, just when Leo wanted to say “stop, it’s hurting too much” Mendoza suddenly slowed down, and released inside of him.
Mendoza lightly put his weight on Leo, and spoke quietly in his partner’s ear. “Did it hurt too much?”
“No, it was just mostly strange, that’s all. Did you enjoy it?”
“Wonderful! You have such a great butt too. Tight, nice and round.” Mendoza kissed Leo’s ear and did a quick massage of the left side of his butt.
“I always wanted a narrow waist. I’m built like a rectangle.”
“Well, it’s just the perfect fit for me! I love the Leo!”
“Ahhh. At least now, I’m no longer virgin!”
“Yes, and I did it to you! I was the first! But let me wipe you off.” He slid out of Leo, and from the bag Mendoza found a rag. 
“Here put your butt up in the air. You got my juice still up there.” Mendoza wiped off his erection, and then wiped down Leo’s butt. He got back on his side and gave Leo a kiss on the lips and gently massaged Leo’s butt, and then both relaxed. Mendoza lay on his back with his hands on the back of his head, and Leo lay his head on his boyfriend’s arms, nose to the armpit. But Mendoza’s erection did not go down. Mendoza pinched Leo’s nipple, and Leo’s erection started to visibly throb. Leo got the cloth and stroked Mendoza’s erection. 
“Now don’t put it in your mouth. Just let it go back where it wants to go. You get on your back now, yeah, and we will put the shorts under your butt. There, perfect!”
Mendoza put the shortening again on his erection, and this time on Leo’s erection as well. Mendoza slowly guided his penis in as he lifted up Leo’s legs. Mendoza had Leo’s thighs against his chest, and smiled. The boy then stroked Leo gently, up and down. Leo thought, this is so wonderful, yet so demeaning at the same time. But he couldn’t help it, and after all, he loved Mendoza. And Mendoza was so good. Leo thrust his head back and bit his lower lip. Mendoza slowed down then stopped stroking the organ, leaving Leo in agony. But he could feel Mendoza’s erection inside still stroking, making Leo’s organ to pump out juice onto his stomach.
Mendoza was ready. He had a painful smile on his face, and kept his eyes locked on Leo. Straining, with his tongue hanging out a little bit, he was panting. Leo could feel the erection get bigger, and then felt the pumping as Mendoza gave him a straining expression of release.
Then keeping his penis inside of Leo, he lay down on top of him, getting sticky from the semen on Leo’s stomach. 
“Hey, be careful! We might get glued to each other!”
“No, you are too sweaty and wet Leo!”
“You are the wet one! Why there is even sweat on the tip of your nose! So yucky!”
“You can’t say I’m yucky! I am your husband!”
“Ok, you look so great when you are on top of me. So athletic and caring!”
“Hey, did you like it, me being inside you?”
“Yes, it’s such a funny feeling though, especially when you masturbated me. It made it so tight!”
“Yes, I could feel it too. But you could take it, and thanks Leo!”
“I sort of now know how a girl feels. To have a boy on top of me, pumping.”
“It’s a good feeling?”
“Yes. But I feel like I am being used, like a sacrifice to you.”
“I won’t take advantage of you Leo. I love you!”
“Thanks Mendoza!”
 “Now let’s jump in the water!”
“Ha! You should go first. Make sure there are no crocodiles in the water.”
“Not this again. No crocodiles there, promise!”
“You go first. I know crocodiles like the dark meat of Pampanga boys.”
“Ok! But you follow me huh! You are so dirty!”
“If I am dirty, you made me this way. Come on, I’m right behind you!”
The two boys went swimming. They even peed on each other. Mendoza brought along some gugo bark, and they made shampoo by rubbing it in a bowl. Laughing, they washed each other down like they would a horse. Then they ate the lunch Mendoza’s mom prepared, rice and fish and papaya and ampalaya salad. It was a perfect afternoon of exploring the area, and of exploring the bodies of each other as well.
Chapter 9

December 27, 1940
Later they arrived at the Mendoza family house on canoe. It was almost dusk, and the sounds of an old kundiman from a radio drifted down to the shore. The house was only about ten meters from the side of the river. Surrounded by trees, it was an enlarged nipa hut with a woven thatch roof, with pillars holding up the house. On the cement foundation there was farming equipment, a metal storage box for rice, and a large bathroom and washing area. Up a flight of stairs was the house, about 90 square meters. The first floor had the kitchen, living and dining room. The flooring was just bamboo see through slats, in fact from the first floor, Leo could make out some details of the second floor. See through too were the walls, made of woven matting, that let the wind through. Of course, sounds travelled easily too, so in this house, there could be few secrets. 
On the second floor were the bedrooms, one for the parents, a small one for the servant, and one each for the girls and boys. The windows were a sliding type of real windows in wood frames. At the top of the stairs there was a small balcony that overlooked the rice fields, and in the distance, Mount Arayat. 
“This is the house. It’s a simple wooden house Leo!”
“Yes, but it is big. It’s so cool too, because of the thatch roof and the trees around it.”
“Yes, even in the summer, it doesn’t get too hot. And the wind just goes right through it.!”
“But in a typhoon?”
“Scary! The wind goes right through it! You don’t want to be here!” admitted Mendoza.
“Lucky for me it’s December!” observed Leo.
“During a typhoon, you have to hold on to the walls! And hope and pray you don’t fly away!”
“But it hasn’t flown away yet. And look, it’s raised up eight feet,” noted Leo. “Because of floods?”
“Yes see, the land here is so flat, when the water rises we start to worry!”
“Does it flood around here?”
“Hey, it’s normal for a flood to last a month around here. The waters of central Luzon just goes right past us! Sometimes even underneath us!”
“That is scary!”
“That’s why the house is high up!”
“Does the water reach the house?” Leo was anxious by nature.
“Only a couple of times. Like ankle deep on the first floor. It’s funny too, because we just park this boat next to the front door.”
“Yikes! I’m glad it’s not flood season now! It would be like Noah’s ark.”
 “That’s why my dad never wanted an expensive house. Because he said it just might drift down to Manila bay.”
“But then why, no offense, live here then?”
“The dirt is so good here! There are no rocks, just rich soil. And so many fish, ducks, wild pig, to eat. And irrigation is so easy too. Two crops of rice a year!”
“My goodness. That’s why the Tagalogs think the Pampangeños are rich!”
“Oh that is not true at all! Everyone knows about the Tagalogs. Look at Manila!”
“And this is the reason for the wild parties of the Pampangeños! They live on golden land.”
“But many don’t have land. So we share the riches with our tenants. We are not so money oriented like the Tagalogs.”
“Oh, we were not going to get into that argument again. Let’s go say hello to your family.”
“Yes! Just remember, I am Man here, short for Manuel. If you say Mendoza, everyone will raise their hand.”
The Mendoza family had two boys and two girls. Man was the oldest in the family, and it was clear he was a bossy older brother. Now Leo understood why Mendoza took it for granted that he should boss around his roommates in the boarding house, and boss around his bakla partner as well. 
Mendoza told his brother and sisters to greet his friend Leo by holding Leo’s hand on their forehead, which Leo thought was excessive. After all, the brother and sister were high school age, not much younger than him.
The mom was busy cooking goat kaldereta, a tomato sauce type stew. It smelled delicious. Maybe what Leo had heard about cooking in their province was true. At Leo’s house, meat was used as a flavoring, not really as a main dish. Meat was too expensive. Leo met the father in the living room. He seemed warm and friendly. They sat down on rattan furniture.
“Sir, your house is so nice and big. Our family house is small, and we can hear everything the neighbors say!”
“Well, welcome to the province Leo. A lot of the land is unsettled.”
“It’s nice, because you use all Philippine furniture. And it’s nice and breezy here too.”
“Thanks Leo! Do you drink? We have some fantastic coconut liquor here. My friend makes it, and its perfect.”
“Oh sir, I do drink, but can I have it after dinner? I get dizzy easily.”
“Ok, that’s what we will drink later. I want to hear about college life.”
“Yes sir, I can tell you about college life. But your son is in my school, so it would be the same information.”
“But he doesn’t tell me much!”
“But I do dad!”
“I want to hear it from someone else. What are you studying at Philippine Normal?”
“History sir. I want to teach history.”
“History of the USA? History of the Philippines? What?”
“I want to teach history, especially Philippine history, from our people’s perspective. Not the American view.”
“Dad, Leo is a nationalist!”
“Ahh, a man after my own heart! Not like my son who only wants to make money!”
“Dad, that’s not true! I want to teach sports!”
“Ahh, sports! But first let’s sit down to dinner. Then we talk later.”
After a delicious dinner, the dad, brother Ricky, a senior in high school, Man and Leo went upstairs to the balcony. The father pointed out that they had ice, since just last year there was an electric line installed. They were able to get a hook up and it was so exciting. They got a small refrigerator. two fans, and three light bulbs and a radio. They still had to save up money, for the kids were coming into college age. 
Leo was trying to make conversation. “Hey, this lambanog is great. The stuff I’ve drank tasted like bad medicine.”
“Yes, I’m glad you appreciate it!”
 “Yes, college is so expensive sir, even on my partial scholarship. In our family, we no longer have a dad, and my kuya is the one that finances my schooling. We live on a tight budget.”
“Yes, lucky for us, the land is rich here. I inherited the land from my father, and we have developed it. But this land cannot support all my kid’s future families, so we need to send them to school.”
“You are industrious sir!”
“The kids help out too, as much as they can. So Leo, what will you do after graduation?”
“I plan to teach history in public high school.”
“But doesn’t private pay higher?”
“It pays a little higher, but the difference isn’t that great. Besides, I want to help the nation, and its citizens!”
“So idealistic you are! Good for you. But can your family afford it?”
“Oh, I think so. The pay difference is not really that much, and the benefits of public school are better.”
“Your family owns the house?”
“Thankfully yes. So we don’t have to pay rent. But still it’s hard for my kuya, because he is just an assistant branch manager for BPI. Through budgeting, he can feed us, and pay for my schooling and my little brother’s school projects.”
“Well, he sounds like a responsible kuya.”
“And my mom does bookkeeping on the side, and that does help out a lot.”
“Excellent! I bet they both look forward to you graduating and getting work!”
“Oh, you said it. My kuya wants his own family. I feel a bit guilty, because I’m still in school.”
“Don’t feel guilty son, you are going to earn much more money soon because you went to college. Just be patient.”
“That’s what I keep telling myself sir.”
“You don’t have a girlfriend yet Leo?”
“Oh no sir. I need to support my family first. My brother wants to get married in six months and I’m supposed to help my mom and little brother.”
“Family comes first?”
“Exactly sir!”
“Here, Leo have another drink. Man, you give him some more ice. I’m glad you two are friends. Man was excited to have you visit.”
“Well, I was excited about coming. I have not seen much countryside before. Really, my family just stays in Manila.”
“You don’t visit your mom or dad’s province?”
“Well, my dad’s family, we are not really close anymore. And my mom grew up in Manila, so we just stay in Manila.”
“Man went over all the things he wanted to do with you with us since last week.”
Man rubbed Leo’s bare thigh, while looking at him. Leo thought this could be embarrassing. “Well, I missed him too sir. And really I’ve never been north of Caloocan!”
“My goodness. Really! It’s good that you are here. Welcome to Pampanga then. In San Fernando, we had a radical nationalist uprising, where they wanted to kick out President Quezon!”
“Oh, the Sakdal people. I see their point, but I don’t agree with them. Do you sir?”
“Oh no, they are crazy. Imagine taking up guns against our republic!”
 “We have a democracy. We need to be pro-poor, but an armed uprising isn’t the way to do it,” remarked Leo.
“That’s my thinking too. I am a follower of Pedro Abad Santos. He is a pro-poor radical, but non-violent.”
“I’ve heard of this guy. His brother is the Supreme Court Chief Justice?”
“That’s the one! He is a character, and lives near here.”
“Perhaps though, the communists are taking advantage of the peasants?” asked Leo.
“Maybe, but then at least the communists are listening to their pleas for justice, even if the government is not.”
“You are probably right sir. And it shows also the peasants are angry, perhaps getting screwed by landlords. No offense sir!”
“Oh I am not a bad landlord, and yes, many of those peasants are getting screwed over. The carabao are at least fed, but the sugar workers, the sakada, especially after the harvest, are left to die, with no work, no food. I feel sorry for them.”
“You make sure that your workers are always fed?”
“Yes, there is always food for them, and I pay them higher than the neighbors do.”
“That is good sir. Wealth should be earned, as well as shared.”
“Yes, Filipinos should work hard! That’s what you think too Man?”
Mendoza didn’t seem to be following the conversation. “Yes sir! Be industrious!”
“My son is not idealistic. He wants to get work at De La Salle?!”
“The rich boys’ school! Really Mendoza, I mean Man!” said Leo.
“Yes, why not? The pay is better. Might as well work for high pay, correct?”
“Well, you have a point.”
“Your idealism Leo wouldn’t pay my bills.”
“But it should. The pay really is about the same.”
“But think of the gifts every Christmas from the students! I’ve seen the boxes the teachers get from those rich boys at San Beda. They need a cart to carry it all!”
“But I will be happy just as well at V. Mapa.” Focusing on the father, Leo added, “I did my training there, and it’s public high school with high standards.” 
“Very good boy!”
“And I will teach our history, from our perspective, not the Americans. And I will show how our revolutions have been incomplete!”
“Yes Leo. Sometimes I too think we need another revolution.”
“But for now, make it a peaceful revolution.”
“Leo, do you think my son lacks a nationalist spirit?”
“No sir, your son likes sports, and can promote sports. He is good in football. I know that is an American game sir, but males get excited with sports. Remember us entering the 1936 Olympics? We got a bronze in boxing, and the nation celebrated. Imagine, we were the only East Asian country except for Japan that competed. That’s national pride!”
Mendoza squeezed Leo’s shoulder. “He’s my promoter dad!” The father just laughed and congratulated them both. “Leo, did he hire you or something?”
“Oh no, I get frustrated with him sometimes too sir, but he is a good honest boy. I like him a lot.”
“You think he is handsome!”
“Yes. Honest, caring, and good-looking!”
“See dad!” With that, he squeezed Leo’s leg against his own. 
“I think I am outnumbered!”
“Sir, can I use your bathroom?” Leo wanted to get out of the conversation, it seemed the dad had figured out everything. It was getting embarrassing. 
Ricky spoke up for the first time, and said he would show him where it was, so Leo followed him to the ground floor bathroom. As he was following Ricky, he noticed a bit of a sway in the hips, and loose wrists. Hmmm, Leo thought. Was Ricky bakla?
“Here we are, the place to pee is here, space for two.” Leo and Ricky both unbuttoned their shorts, pulled out their organ, and started to pee. Leo tried to angle himself away from Ricky’s view, but Ricky was peering anyway. As Leo finished, and buttoned up, Ricky added “Do you have a girlfriend kuya?”
“Oh no, none. And you Ricky, do you have one?”
“Oh no, me either. Hey, are you a special friend with my brother?” Leo thought, here comes that special friend thing again!
“Ricky we are friends. Good friends.”
“Oh, not anything, . . . deeper?”
“Ricky, I am a visitor. You ask your older brother.”
“Oh, too personal maybe?”
“This is a nice family house! And your dad is nice Ricky!”
“Yes, my dad can be strict, but he is open-minded about things.”
“We should go back upstairs.”
“You go up first, I will get more ice!”
When Leo came back up the father was gazing out at his farmlands. Mendoza grabbed him around the hips and pulled him close. Leo glared at his partner, and pulled away. He sat where Ricky had been sitting. He didn’t want to start a scandal in front of the father, especially when it was so obvious anyway. 
The dad turned around. “So Leo, since you are a history guy, do you think there will be war in Asia?”
“Sir, there already is war in Asia. Japan has invaded China, and has taken over Vietnam.”
“Yes, but do you think there will be war here?”
“Yes, but this is a guess. History deals with the past, and you are asking a question about the future!”
“Ok but given your background.”
“Yes. Poland was so easily overrun by Germany. It stood in the German path to Russia. So did the rest of Western and Eastern Europe fell as well. And now, the fascists got Russia rapidly retreating. Germany is so tough!”
“So Germany will win against the UK and Russia?”
“No sir, they took on too much by going against Russia. That is too big. If Russia loses 5 men for every German killed, Russia would still win.” 
“What about the United States? Will they back up the UK?”
“Eventually, they will get sucked into it. Germany will sink a US navy vessel or something, and war will be declared. That will spur on the fight against Germany. At least that is what I think,” replied Leo.
“You might be right. Those Germans do have the tough military though.”
“But they can’t continue to fight against Russia and the British. It’s too tough of a fight.”
“Will England fall too?”
“No, they are an island nation protected by the world’s biggest navy. But they are no match for Germany. But united with Russia, with the USA giving them weapons, and escorts to their convoys, they have a chance.”
“But that is way over in Europe!”
“Oh yes, but Japan is now allied with Germany. That’s how it got into French Indochina. But I think, eventually, the USA will fight Japan. Reluctantly, but they will fight. Because they don’t want an Asian nation controlling Asia. Also, the USA likes to think of itself protecting China, so that is another reason why they don’t like Japan.”
“That is an ugly picture.”
“But I’m no fortune teller! But one more thing, no matter what the arrogant MacArthur says, Japan will invade us. They will at least try. The USA doesn’t have the military yet. Japan will take over Southeast Asia, and then they hope the US will sue for peace.”
“So our nation might get invaded?”
“Could be. Yes. And that’s why I am in ROTC. Because the nation might need us.”
“That’s a requirement now for males in college?”
“Oh yes, but I want to be in the army reserve, so I applied to become a sergeant.”
“Man, I like your best friend.” Man patted Leo’s knee, and gave the thumbs up sign. “So you will train on the weekends?”
“Oh, just once a month for one weekend, unless we are called up, answered Leo.
“But how can you, in the ROTC, fight fully equipped, battle trained Japanese troops? That’s impossible Leo. Think.”
“Sir, the odds are bad, but we need to defend ourselves if we are attacked. If we can’t do that, we don’t deserve to be a nation. We want to be a colony of somebody else stronger than us.”
“Nicely said, but the ROTC against the Japanese Imperial Army? Are you crazy?”
“But sir, Aguinaldo faced the same problem of overwhelming odds against the military might of the USA. And thousands volunteered to serve under him. Because it was necessary, even if it wasn’t safe. Now, again, is one of those times.”
“Ok, I see your point. It’s necessary, but dangerouos.”
“Well, there is the American navy, and they have troops here too. They are sending more men and ships over. But they don’t seem so serious in defending us either.”
“So true, Field Marshall MacArthur seems like he is playing Quezon for a fool with ROTC business.”
“I agree sir. Look, sir, you asked me, and I told you possible things that might happen. Let’s hope it doesn’t, but we have to prepare for the worst!” 
“This is getting depressing,” noted Man.
“Yes, I’m sorry gentlemen. The problems of the larger world might just mean we, or our neighbors will die,” the dad reminded the two boys.
“Yes, Filipinos are innocent, yet might get caught up in an ugly fight,” added Leo.
“But that is how war is. Usually the ones who actually start it, don’t care about us little people,” Mister Mendoza remarked.
“But dad, who knows what will happen. Besides, the Americans wouldn’t abandon us like that,” said Man.
“You hope they wouldn’t abandon us. But Leo is right, we wanted our independence so bad, and now, after getting it, then we do what nations do. Build up a military. Especially now.”
“Dad, Leo got a medal last time.”
“So did your son sir. He was the best shot in our ROTC bivouac.”
“But you seem more devoted than my son Leo.”
“I am supposed to be sir. I teach social studies! That’s nationalism. And your son has a gift in sports, he is really good. If we were a developed nation with a strong sports program, maybe he could have gone to the Olympics or something.”
“Man, do you pay this Leo boy?”
“No sir! He is just a devoted friend. And he is also good in football.” Man put his arm around Leo’s shoulder.
“But your son is better, he is the team leader. The quarterback!”
“So I should be happy with my son?”
“Very happy sir. I am happy with him, and envious of his abilities. He is also considerate!”
“I think you are biased!”
“Very much sir, very”, as he put his hand on his friend’s knee.


When it got about 10pm, the father suggested that the boys go to sleep.
“Leo, you must have had a long day. And here, we wake up kind of early. Do you want to go to bed now?”
“Yes, that might be a good idea. I had to get up at 3am for the trip from Quiapo.”
“Maybe you both would like to sleep in tomorrow morning? We can put Ricky in to sleep with his sisters. Is that ok with you Ricky?”
“Oh no sir,” answered Leo quickly, “I can wake up with the rest of the family. I am just fine waking up early.”
“Don’t you two want some privacy?”
“No, not necessary sir! Really. Ricky can sleep with us. I think it’s got plenty of room in there.” Leo was wondering, it must be so obvious that he was bakla! But the dad at least seemed fine with it. 
“Ok, whatever you would like. Good night you all! I at least am going to bed,” announced the father.
The three boys went to their bedroom. Man had put Leo between himself and the wall. And soon enough, Mendoza pulled Leo closer, and wrapped his legs around the him. Leo had to get him to stop by whispering in Mendoza’s ear. “Hey, we are not in your boarding house. We are in your parent’s house. So, Mendoza, stop it.”
“Hey, it’s ok, it’s just Ricky here.” Mendoza whispered back. 
“No, move back,” pushing Mendoza back with both arms. 
But it actually didn’t matter much anyway, for when Leo woke up in the middle of the night. He was on his side, and his knee was on top of his partner’s erection. Leo could easily feel it through the thin loincloth. He thought, shit, this knee has a brain of its own! The only good thing in spite of see through walls, it was pitch black inside the house. Leo moved his leg quietly away from the bulge and turned away from Mendoza. 

Chapter 10

December 28, 1940
Man and Leo were called down for breakfast at 7am, for a meal of chicken and rice porridge, with mango and coffee. Nearly everything on their table was from either the farm or the surrounding area. It was delicious. 
“This breakfast is great mother! Everything is so fresh. There is even carabao milk. Amazing!”
“But you have carabao milk in Manila don’t you Leo?”
“Well, the rich people do, but for people like us, only on special occasion. Thanks!”
“You are welcome. So you lived in Manila all your life”
“Well yes mother. My parents grew up in the city, and we don’t have relatives outside.”
“That’s too bad,” she said.
“My dad’s family was from San Miguel, Bulacan. They say it’s pretty because it’s in the mountains. But he’s dead, and we don’t see much of his family.”
“But you never went to the province?”
“Well no. But your son and I recently spent two days in the mountains of Antipolo in ROTC training.”
“Mom, he didn’t even know where gugo shampoo came from!”
“Well, Man, you can’t blame me for something I wouldn’t know anything about,” countered Leo. “But I know the city better than you, like where to go for this, the cheapest price for this, requirements for government offices, like that. I’m just not familiar with the countryside that’s all.”
“Man, you should take your friend around today, and show him things.”
“Oh I will mom, I’ll teach him swimming, and how to breathe through a reed. He will need to know because he wants to be an ROTC officer, and needs training to be in the woods. He will soon be fighting the invading Japanese!”
“Say what? The Japanese are going to invade?”
“That’s his prediction. He can see into the future mom, and the future looks dark.”
“Oh my, I hope the Japanese don’t invade. They would probably take away all our food!”
“That is probably true, Mrs. Mendoza. It might be even worse than that,” Leo remarked.
“Well you go out and give him some training then Man. So he can fight off the invaders!”
“We will mom. We will take a bath first though.”

When they got to the bathroom, Mendoza took off his loincloth, and already had an erection. Leo was a bit put off, because anyone could walk in and see them. Besides the wall only went up to shoulder height and the ceiling above was see through. He told him to stop it. They kept their voices low, for they knew they could be easily overheard. 
“But I can’t help it. I look at your butt I get excited Leo.”
“Look, then you can take your bath by yourself, I’m leaving.”
Mendoza grabbed him by the shoulder. “Hey, don’t make a scene! Help me!”
“You turn around and face the wall to bathe then. Use this pail of water. Otherwise I am leaving Mendoza.”
As he turned around, he whispered, “You really are fussy Leo!”
“I am only trying to protect my reputation and yours!”
“Fussy!” Mendoza remarked as he started to dump water over his body using a coconut husk. He then applied the gugo shampoo to his hair. Leo was doing the same to himself. “Hey we don’t have soap down here. You got some?”
“Here, use this. I brought it.” He handed it over to Mendoza.
“Camay! This is a girl’s soap!”
“So what’s it to you? The actress Mila del Sol uses it, and so do I!” 
“Oh my, so stuck up!”
“How do I keep such flawless skin Mendoza? Huh”
“I’m going to tell dad. A die-hard nationalist using expensive American soap!”
“Hey, it’s worth it. And I don’t use that much imported stuff. But I have dry skin.”
“Maybe you should use Katialis!”
“Katialis isn’t a soap! It’s an oily ointment.”
“Maybe it would make your skin soft.”
“With Camay, it’s perfect as it is.”
“Well, maybe. I just thought you would use local products!”
“Well, I keep looking. Coconut soap might work, but I haven’t seen it yet. You know, it’s kind of funny though, because Camay imports the copra coconut oil from the Philippines and export it back to us as soap.”
“Yeah, and we get stuck with little profits, and our peso goes overseas.”
“Same thing with coffee. We could expand our coffee growing areas and drink our own coffee. Instead we buy Chase & Sanborn instead.”
“That is colonial mentality, and you are a part of it Leo!”
“Yes, I am and you are too. Your parents aren’t though, everything here is local.”
“Well, except for the Ford Model A truck. But at least that was second hand!”
“You’ve got a car!”
“Oh yes. Well, my family does.”
“Oh, I am with the bourgeoise!”
“You mean burgis? No, this is an old truck, a humble truck, that we really need way out here. It’s for farm work.”
 “Well, I’m impressed.”
“We are going to take a drive to Mt Arayat tomorrow to go hiking. And I will drive!”
“Great. But just us two?”
“Oh no, maybe Ricky and dad too will be going. I’m not sure yet.”
“I’ve never climbed a mountain. The highest I’ve ever been was our bivouac in Antipolo.”
“Well, that wasn’t a mountain. And Arayat is nice, because it just sticks out like a big pimple on a flat plain.”
“But looks better than a pimple.”
“Hey, thanks for the use of the soap. Now I feel like a beautiful woman!”
“Well, that’s what the advertisement says on the radio. ‘The soap of beautiful women!’ So it’s great for me, of course!”
“And if I keep on using it, I will just get more beautiful?”
“I’m not sure if that would work. There are limits to everything Mendoza. Instead, you may become a woman! Aha!”
Mendoza swore under his breath, and then whispered, “Can we do it again in your butt? Please!”
“I guess so. But just once, I don’t want to get it too sore.”
“Oh good, I can bring the Purico again for swimming!” whispered Mendoza.
Leo crossed his arms over his chest in mock anger. “Hey boy, if you think you can have me anytime you want, you are wrong. So very wrong!”
“But you are supposed to offer your body to your husband.”
“And where is my money, my husband? You forgot your duties!”
“Aha! Let’s just dry off and get dressed. We need to go to San Fernando to get a plow fixed, and then swimming.”

The truck was parked on a little manmade hill near the house. The driveway was a half block long, leading straight into a dirt road. Leo was impressed with Mendoza. His boyfriend drove a car! It might be a model over ten years old and used more as a truck rather than a people mover, but it did go, and clearly Mendoza knew how to drive.
Leo thought it must have been easier to drive in Pampanga than Manila, since there was so little traffic. As they pulled out into the dirt road, Mendoza pulled Leo closer to him. Leo was hesitant though.
 “Hey Mendoza, don’t you think your neighbors might see us, sitting close together?”
“Well just say the dog was sitting beside you. Why, you don’t like sitting beside me?”
“Well, I don’t want us to have an accident. You might get excited.”
“Well, you might get excited too! You might attack me Leo. Let’s pull over up there. Under those trees, there is a private place to park.” Stopping the truck behind a bamboo thicket, he rubbed Leo’s crotch, and felt it harden. Leo did the same thing, and got the same response. Mendoza asked, “Undo the belt and buttons.” Mendoza sucked in his stomach, allowing Leo to undo the belt. 
“Here, it’s safe, no one around. We will do it quick,” announced the boy. With that, he pulled off his t-shirt, and pulled down his shorts to his ankles, leaving only his loincloth. He gave a quick nod to Leo, pointing with his lips to his erection. Leo took off his shirt, and scrunched down on the floor of the cab, while Mendoza lay across the bench seat. Leo pulled the loincloth away with his teeth, then  played with the head with his tongue, especially the part just below the hole, and then sucked in the two eggs into his mouth. Mendoza lightly pulled Leo’s head up and got him to suck his erection. Within two minutes, Mendoza pumped out his semen. 
“You were quick!”
“That butt of yours has been driving me crazy! When I looked at it this morning in the shower, my goodness!”
“I’m worried, since I have such a good-looking butt, you will become bakla!”
“I just might!”
“Do you get worried about going bakla?”
“Well, not really. I think a vagina will be nicer than your round butt!”
“Ahhh! There you go! Yucky! A vagina!”
“But I love the Leo!” With that he rose up Leo’s head and gave him a kiss on the lips. Leo then got out his hankie, and wiped the mess on the crotch of his friend. Mendoza asked if he wanted to be stroked, but Leo said no, maybe later. So they both adjusted their clothes and started driving again.
As they were driving towards San Fernando, Leo asked about Ricky.
“Is your brother Ricky bakla?”
“Bakla? Ricky! Hell no!”
“He was asking about you and me last night. The special friend thing.”
“Ahh. Well that’s nothing. Maybe he heard about it in his school or something.”
“Mendoza, maybe the boys and bakla talk about it up here.”
“Well, maybe in the province they do it differently than in Manila.”
“Well maybe, you know how Pampangeños are! Lusty! Everyone knows that!”
“Whoa! Now that is not true.”
“But it wasn’t just that. He was really curious about me. And really studied my organ when we were peeing.”
“Oh, so you peed together?”
“Yes, he followed me downstairs, and was asking me personal questions. “Are you my kuya’s special friend? as he was trying to look at my bird. So I told him to ask you.”
“Maybe he is being stupid. But he isn’t bakla!”
“Besides he has light movements, especially with his hips.”
“That doesn’t make him bakla.”
“Hey, Mendoza, what if he is?”
“I’d beat him up. We don’t have bakla in our family.”
“Why beat him up? Look at yourself! You are using a bakla.”
“But that is different! It’s not being bakla!”
“You are so stupid! If you accept me as a bakla, a homosexual, then you should accept Ricky too!”
“But I do accept you as bakla! I defend you.”
“So what’s the difference if your brother Ricky is also bakla? You defend him too!”
“Well he is not.”
“And if he was, you would be the last one to know, with that attitude. Love and accept your brother if he is whatever he is. And if he doesn’t see that acceptance from you, that love from you, he will keep his secret hidden. And it will be painful for him, and frustrating for you.”
“Hmmmmmm”
“That’s all you want to say? Hmmmmm?”
“I’ll think about it. I hope he isn’t though.”
“He is whatever he is, and there is nothing you or him can do to change it. Just accept him.”
“I will think about it.”
“That’s what my kuya did for me.”
Mendoza remained silent.
“I will tell you about what happened to me. When my kuya talked to me about you, remember the time that he was walking by, and he saw us touching each other? The first time he saw us, rubbing each other near our house? You remember? After dinner he talked to me on the front porch. He said, ‘Look Leo, I know you are bakla, but you are still my brother, and I still accept you.’ When he said that, it was such a relief for me! He said he knew he couldn’t change me, and he loved me as a brother in spite of everything.” 
“Ok, it’s nice what your kuya said. Yes. But I couldn’t say that to Ricky, at least not now.”
“Ok, you know best the situation.”
 “I will think about what you said Leo. But now, we have to go to the tool place on the highway, to get the plow sharpened. Afterwards, I was thinking, if you wanted, we could see the US Airforce station at Angles. It’s about 20 miles outside of town.”
“Will your dad get upset if we take the side trip to Angeles?”
“No, he is the one who suggested it. Then we come back, maybe 3pm to go swimming. Ok?”
“Great! I love the Mendoza!”
“Love you too Leo!”

After leaving the plow to get fixed, the two boys headed to Angeles, Pampanga. There they wanted to see first-hand the American Army Air Force base. This was where the latest American planes were kept, in the biggest US airfield in Asia. 
“You ever seen an airplane before Leo?”
“Yeah, once when I was in second year at Normal. We had a physics class, and part of our assignment was to check out a Boeing 314 Clipper plane.”
“What’s that?”
“It is a huge, four engine airplane, that travels from San Francisco to Hong Kong, with many stop overs along the way. It lands on the water!”
“Wow! I saw that in the newspaper!”
“It is a very strange looking plane. You know how planes look so streamlined? Well this one looks like a boat with a roof, two wings and four engines.”
“And it flies?”
“Oh, yes, slowly! You watch it take off, and you wonder, will it ever leave the water? Many boats could go faster! You never seen them? They are called clippers.”
“Oh never!”
“Well, it’s only for rich Americans anyway. It costs about $700 to fly from Sangley Point in Cavite to San Francisco. From there it can connect to airports in New York and Washington DC.
“That’s the price of a new car! Oh how long does it take?”
“Three days or less. They got beds, dining area, waiters, the works,” replied Leo.
“Gosh, I think if I was going to go to the USA, I’d save my money and go on a merchant ship. Much cheaper that way.”
“But those Americans, so busy making money, here and in the USA, time is money for them. The ship takes four weeks, but the airplane, only three days.”
“Yeah, some of those Americans are so rich! $700.” Mendoza whistled. 
“But admit it, wouldn’t you like a chance to fly?”
“Well, of course. Someday, but I doubt it. I will never be rich!”
“Well, me too. But at least your family could afford a car! Rich!”
“Nahh, let’s look at this. It is not a car, it is a truck. And it is a second hand truck. And my father worked out the finances for it and figured that it would save him from renting a truck on the family farms.”
“Hey, take it easy Mendoza. I was just joking. Besides this is so romantic, you driving me around like this.” Leo lay down and put his head on Mendoza’s thigh.”
“Leo, my you complain about me, but look at you! Always horny!”
“Mendoza, I’m showing my love here.”
“But Leo, remember this is a body of lust! I am a forever horny Filipino!”
“Oh really, I hadn’t noticed!”
“Aha. And right now, I am thinking of that brown donut hole, hiding in your beautiful butt.”
“Brown donut hole? What?”
“Your butt, dummy!”
“Mendoza, you have an evil, one track mind. Now here comes the sentry box. Get out your ID.”
“Let’s hope we can get in Leo!”

They had no trouble getting onto the base, they just showed their ROTC identification. Leo thought it would be a busy place, since it was a Monday. Yet inside, the place was sleepy, it seemed that everyone was sleeping off a holiday hangover. 
They did see unusual airplanes. They just parked the truck next to the airfield and walked around. Fortunately, it wasn’t too hot either. Outside of a few bi-planes, they saw 8 Martin B10 bombers. They were large, two engine airplanes, with a huge front window for the bombardier. These were all metal planes and had an enclosed cockpit. One even took off, and the boys could see the machine guns move around behind their plexiglass window. Once the plane was airborne, it retracted its landing gear. These seemed like modern aircraft. The sentry said that it could go over 300mph. That was fast, the boys thought. There were also seven P35 fighters, with all-metal, enclosed cockpits, although they could barely go 300mph. 
The planes were indeed impressive. One B10 bomber was getting fixed up, so they wandered over to look at it. There, they found one Filipino serviceman working on the left engine, supervised by another Filipino. An American was sleeping underneath the other wing. 
The supervisor seemed friendly enough, so Leo and Mendoza approached him. They asked him what was going on.
“Oh, this is just a tune up. But with a 12 cylinder radial engine, it’s a difficult job!” said the sergeant, with a nametag that said Lizardo.
“Oh, that must be difficult!” replied Mendoza. “Our truck mechanic gets confused even at only four cylinders.”
“Yeah, and the cylinders don’t fire like a clock going around. Instead it goes 10, 4, 9, 3, like that!”
“That is confusing,” remarked Mendoza.
“So you are a sergeant, sir? We are only ROTC cadets,” announced Leo.
“Yes, just a sergeant boys. Not so important. I only went to a technical school after high school.”
“Well, we are impressed sir. This is a difficult job Sergeant Lizardo. You supervise the mechanics?”
“I try to. Teaching our own kind, that is easier. But the Americans, they don’t like to be ordered about by a Filipino. I have to use diplomacy!”
“They look down on you?” asked Mendoza.
“Well sort of, some do. But most are ok. You just have to let them think they are still the boss.”
“But this guy there,” pointing to the boy sleeping under the opposite wing, “What is he doing?”
“Not much!” replied Lizardo in a slow severe tone. “Many of them do not do much.”
“Why, I thought we were supposed to be the lazy ones!” said Leo.
“No, not true here! Look, these guys signed up for an easy job, and here in the Philippine Islands, they have it extra easy. Cheap liquor, cheap girls, and house boys to wash their clothes and run their errands. They don’t work too fast around here.”
“But President Roosevelt is threatening the Japanese! There might be war!” replied Leo.
“No one takes it seriously. Maybe they should, but really, the policy is here, everyone goes at the same speed. For instance, if my mechanics go too fast, get too much done, it looks bad for the other mechanics. So we have to go slow too!”
“Shit. That is a bad policy! Especially with the Philippines threatened by Japan,” added Leo.
“Well, we think we can take on the Japanese. The brass, the upper officers, say those Japs don’t have advanced planes.”
Leo said, “Look, I saw a newsreel of a Japanese military parade over Shanghai, filmed by the BBC. It had one hundred planes participating. All metal, no biplanes. Here, the main airfield in the Philippines, I see only maybe 20 planes, and sleepy Americans.”
“Hey, don’t sound so worried boy. More planes are coming in, and they are the latest planes the US has. There are some Boeing B-17s arriving. That is a big four engine bomber. And we also might get P-40s, and that will outperform their fighters. So don’t fear!”
Mendoza rolled his eyes at Leo, and sliced his finger in front of his throat. In other words, stop. So Leo just said, “Sergeant, I hope you are right. I hope the US can defend us. Because they could easily escape and leave us Filipinos at the mercy of the Japanese.”
“Look, I hope there is no war too. Anyway, it’s getting around quitting time, and I got to finish this tune-up myself. It’s taking too long. See you both later!”
As Leo and Mendoza walked away, it seemed to them that much hope was based on American military might. But the problem was where was the might? It wasn’t here at the airfield. Would America protect the far away Philippines? Perhaps Americans had bad feelings towards its former colony, because of the Filipinos had won the promise of independence? A sort of “serves you right, now you can fight on your own!” Leo hoped not anyway.
Of course, the promises of McArthur to defend the nation were soothing to hear, but it didn’t look to Leo that they were really prepared. Maybe McArthur was dreaming. Or perhaps, the USA had no real plans to defend the archipelago in the first place.
Chapter 11

March 25, 1941
 It was close to graduation time. For the event, Leo had bought cream colored long pants, a light red barong, and new black Ang Tibay brand dress shoes. He could have bought a long sleeve American style shirt, but his nationalism prevented him. After all, he thought of himself as part of the new Filipino generation. 
As a present, Leo’s kuya offered to shoulder the cost of a graduation date. When Leo asked Mendoza about it, Mendoza offered to also chip in. After all, how many times did a boy graduate? They agreed to eat at Leo’s for dinner, and then see a movie, then maybe go to a popular bar or something. It may not sound like much, but it would be a first time out on a date for both boys.
Mendoza showed up wearing a more American inspired outfit. He had Dexter topsider shoes, and an Arrow American long sleeve shirt he had purchased it at Heacock’s department store along the Escolta. Leo and him talked out in the porch.
“My goodness, you bought these clothes at Heacock’s! My we are rich!”
“No, Leo, not rich, sophisticated!” 
“Don’t start Mendoza! Remember you live in a boarding house!”
“But at least I dress well!”
“Oh yes, you do look swell! 
“Thanks!”
“I just hope that you didn’t spend all the money on clothes, and now you have no money for our date!”
“Oh, no, I still have some. Don’t worry!”
“Because remember, you are the boy, and I am the girl. So you should pay for our date!”
“Ahh, but I thought most bakla gave their boyfriends money and gifts.”
“That might be true with older bakla, but unfortunately your bakla friend is young and poor!”
“Shit. Love is blind! I should have found a rich bakla! But Leo, I do have a present for you!”
“For me? Really? Oh, it’s a small package! A pregnancy test? An engagement ring?”
“Oh my goodness, your really have an imagination!” 
Leo opened up the package. “A Matibay brand watch! Not minding what the neighbors thought, he leaned over to give Mendoza a kiss. “It’s perfect, because you know, a teacher needs a watch. It’s easy to read too!”
“And it’s made in the Philippines. Ideal for a nationalist like yourself!”
“Yes, perfect, much better than American watches.”
“And if it is fast or slow, you can take it in and get it adjusted free for the next six months.”
“Oh, I love you Mendoza. But me, I have no gift for you!”
“Don’t worry. My dad sent me some extra money this month. And he wrote me to treat you out on a date.”
“He used the word ‘date’”?
“Well, not quite. A good time. But I think he figured out anyway.”
“You think so?”
“Yes, when dad was asking about you, and said he too had a bakla friend when he was in high school.”
“Really? Back then they had them?”
“I guess so. And remember, he is a Mendoza. And we are cute.”
“Oh, I hadn’t noticed! Oh gosh, of course! As cute as a bug’s ear!”
In walked kuya Mike. “So where are you two going to do tonight?”
Mendoza replied, “Hi kuya! We are going to watch Pakiusap, that movie with Rosario Moreno and Rudy Concepcion. Then afterwards, who knows!”
“Leo, you haven’t seen that yet?”
“No kuya, and I wanted to, especially since Concepcion died.”
“Where is it playing?”
“At the Strand!” 
“It’s airconditioned!”
“So fancy. Have a good time you two!”
“So Leo, you get dressed then for dinner. It will be soon, mom said.”
“Ok, come on Mendoza, you help me.”
So up went Mendoza and Leo to the bedroom. Leo had already bathed, so he just wiped a wet washcloth on his armpits, and then stripping off his loincloth, wiped around his organ, while Mendoza looked at the photos of an old Life magazine. He was semi erect, but he was reluctant to make a move on Mendoza for fear of getting carried away. He then put on his new pair of white undershorts with a drawstring. This was the first non-loincloth he had ever put one, and he modeled it for his partner!”
“See, look now, I am sexy!”
“Well so you got together some money and bought actual undershorts! Great!”
“Well, only one pair. And I thought that I should wear it because this is a special night.”
“Well, look what I bought, also from Heacock’s! See?”
Mendoza stood up from the bed, and let down his dark slacks, and behold, he was wearing a Jockey brief!
“Oh shit!” remarked Leo.
“Yeah, Viloria bought one, and he liked them. See, if you get excited, it isn’t so obvious. And your penis lays up, instead of down. Cooler!”
“Hmmm. But I thought your penis was always up.”
“Because I see you, just like now. And it likes what it sees.” 
“I think it’s pretty obvious when you get excited. Look! It’s like a flag pole!”
Mendoza gave Leo’s erection a light slap, and then reached around under Leo’s shorts, at the bottom of his butt. “That’s what I like. Maybe afterwards we should go to a cheap hotel. We can buy some vegetable oil!”
“Sheeee! You are making too much noise again. Let me get dressed in peace. You button up your pants.”
“Uumph! Look at your shorts! A big bulge, and acting like you are some kind of nun. Besides, my pants have a zipper, not buttons! I am modern!
“Mendoza, you are in the Alcoreza house,” he said waving his index finger at his partner. “We are old fashioned around here. I don’t want my family to get scandalized by you.”
“Ok, ok, I will go back to reading the magazine.”
Leo finished dressing and looked very handsome. They made a nice couple. 


After dinner, the boys went outside, for kuya Mike and Mendoza wanted to smoke. Leo’s mom insisted that she would do the dishes, although the boys did clear the table and put away things. Leo then also reminded his kuya he would be sleeping over at Mendoza’s boarding house later that night. His family home had no outside door lock, and he did not want to disturb anyone when coming back home. 
“Hey, no problem brother! This way you can stay out late. You deserve it for all that studying that you have been doing.”
“Thanks’ kuya!”
Mendoza had another idea. “Hey Leo, I was just wondering. If by chance, we could watch a different movie.”
“I think that would be impossible.”
“But the movie I want to see, it’s all about the upcoming world war two! It has adventure! Suspense! And is anti-Nazi!”
“My goodness, which movie?”
“The Maltese Falcon, starring Humphrey Bogart and Mary Astor. It is supposed to be fantastic!”
“Oh, an American movie! I want to see Rudy Concepcion!”
“But this is a significant movie. It is a detective spy movie. Fantastic!”
The kuya butted in. “Leo, this movie is supposed to be a great new movie. You should watch it.”
“I wanted to promote our own cinema!”
“Well,” said the kuya, “Maybe this can give ideas on how to make Filipino movies better. I’ve been wanting to see it too.”
“Kuya, you could come with us!” suggested Mendoza. Leo thought he was just suggesting this so they would be sure to watch the American movie.
“Oh no, this is your big date you two. You two go watch the Maltese Falcon. It really is a much better choice. And next time, watch a Tagalog movie. Maybe you can make that compromise.”
“Ok kuya!”
“Hey Leo, I’m only making a suggestion. I am not telling you where to go on your date.”
“It’s ok kuya. I hope it’s just as good as you two say it is. Where is it playing?”
“Also 730pm at the Lyric. So we should set off soon. This way we can watch the newsreels.”
“Yeah, good idea, even if they are depressing. And look kuya, look what Mendoza bought me! A Matibay watch!
“That’s special! So sweet!”
Mendoza and Leo stood up, and sort of without thinking about it, Leo planted a kiss on Mendoza’s check. The kuya smiled, and said, “Mendoza, keep good care of our Leo!”
“Oh I will sir!” 
But as Leo was looking around, he saw his brother Francis’s jaw drop, looking shocked. Kuya Mike noticed as well. Francis ran up to the boys’ room upstairs. Leo went off to get Francis, but kuya said, “Hold it. You guys leave. I will handle him. Don’t worry about it.”
So both Leo and Mendoza exited the house.


As they emerged from the Lyric Theatre, the two boys were very excited. 
“Oh Mendoza, that was the best movie I ever saw in my entire life! Fantastic!”
“And that Mary Astor, so sexy!”
“And Peter Lorre, I think he is almost a Filipino, and he was playing a bakla character!”
“You think so? A bakla?”
“Yeah, by the way he talks, the way he looked at the other detective, and the way he is so worried about being clean. He is not a nice character, and he is bakla!”
“Maybe, I didn’t know they had bakla in America.”
“Of course Mendoza, we are everywhere. I just wish though he was a more likable guy. He was a little jerk in the movie. Humphry Bogart was the real hero. But he was also greedy too. So not a total saint either.”
“But you know what Leo, what I noticed was the camera angles. Some shots, they had to put the camera on the floor. Some shots high up. And the lighting, it wasn’t a bright studio light, but many times it was dark.”
“Gosh, I didn’t notice that. Yeah, but you are right!”
“And I wasn’t sure who did the murders, not until the very end. In fact, I’m still not sure! 
As they walked up towards Azcarraga, Leo asked where they were going.
“Dancing! We are going dancing!” replied Mendoza.
“Two boys, that’s ok for dancing?”
“Why not, besides if that is not possible, we can hire a girl taxi dancer!”
“A girl! I’m not sure about this idea Mendoza. This is our date, remember!”
“Oh yes, don’t worry. In fact, we might not even dance ourselves. But we can watch people dance. There is a new club, not so expensive according to Francisco. He went there last Saturday, and said it was swell.”
“Well, Francisco, he is a maniac, and has deep pockets too.”
“But he said it was cheap. Five beers, twenty centavos.”
“And that is San Miguel?”
“The one and only. That’s only a little bit more than the neighborhood store. And I want to see dancing too. In fact, I want to see my Leo dance!” With that, he patted Leo’s rear end. “Maybe after dancing, we should go to a motel!”
“Mendoza, you only have eyes for my butt. And not planning ahead! Do you know how to dance?”
“No, and that is a problem, but at least we can watch.”
“You don’t know how to waltz? That’s a simple one,” remarked Leo
“Well, ok, I did sometimes danced with my mom, listening on the radio.”
“Me too. That’s how she taught me. Foxtrot?”
“Oh, the faster one? Maybe I do know. I did that last sem. break with her downstairs. Yeah, it would come back to me.” 
“Where is this place?”
“Just off of Doroteo Jose and Rizal, one block north of Azcarraga on the left, down two blocks. The street actually is Luzon.”
“Oh, just past Mapua. What’s the name of the nightclub?”
“The Hollywood Club.”
“Mendoza, this place probably is full of pretenders to be American inside it. And I am in my barong! I might look out of place! These males might be in zoot suits, trying to be James Cagney or something.”
“Oh Leo, the pretenders will look out of place, because although it’s called Hollywood, this is still Manila!
“True.”
“Look, we shall see. If it seems like a clip joint, we can just find somewhere else to go.”
Although the door charge was a little steep, twenty-five centavos per person, the beer was cheap and cold. The dance floor was big, about 70 square meters, and at any given time, about fifteen couples were dancing. There was a small orchestra, with a saxophone player and a great vocalist pumping out swing music. Some boys danced together, but they were usually eyeing the girls dancing near them. 
The strange thing though was, the sexes were completely separate outside the dance floor. One side were the males, either at tables, or just standing around looking at the dancers. On the other side, were about a dozen girls sitting down, all dolled up looking at the boys. There were two older bakla taking requests for girls, because the males could not talk to them outside the dance floor. Bouncers guarded the floor, because fights could easily break out between the males over the girls. 
After they had drunk most of their first beer, Mendoza asked Leo if he wanted to dance.
“I’m not so sure about this. It would be like everyone is looking at you if you dance. All eyes on us!”
“Well, if we drank more beer, and then danced near the back, it wouldn’t be so bad!”
“But Mendoza, would you get embarrassed if the other boys saw you dance with a bakla?”
“Oh no, look a few boys are dancing with a bakla. Look, that older bakla with the boy. And see those two in cream pants? I’m sure one is a sort of a girl. I think it’s kind of normal here.”
“Strange place! But here is another problem. You don’t know a fox trot or swing. Dancing a waltz might be a little awkward? Cheek to cheek?”
“Maybe you are right. I will watch the foxtrot. I have done it once before.”
“Oh the foxtrot is real simple. The main thing is to get the timing right, both you and your partner.”
“But some of the music is faster, the quickstep? Look how some of those people are gliding over the dance floor!” 
“Yes, beautiful. But I don’t know that one, although I’ve seen some PE classes do it.”
“Oh, and Leo, you will be the girl partner, and me the boy?”
“As you wish Mendoza, but remember, if you are the boy, that means you must lead, so you have to know what you are doing!”
“I just hope your toes don’t get squished when I step on them!”
“Shit, I should have bought steel-toed shoes!”
“For construction! Those would have looked great!”
“I see that you are looking at the girls!”
“I can’t help it. I am a normal horny boy! But you know, some of them really know how to dance! They move so smooth!
“Maybe they move smooth also in bed!”
“Look, this is not a place of prostitution Leo. I bet most of these girls are decent.”
“Hmmm. Maybe. But don’t you want to dance?”
“Yeah, there is a break in the action, the new music is just starting up. Not too fast, not too slow! Sounds like an imitation of Benny Goodman but slower. Perfect! Let’s go!”
The problem was, the music was fast, and Leo and Mendoza couldn’t keep pace with the song, Chattanooga Choo Choo. Then came Honeysuckle Rose, which maintained the same tempo, and Mendoza suggested to Leo that they take a break. Leo agreed, they probably looked like a pair of cement mixers. 
As the two were leaving the dance floor, Mendoza went up to a girl and asked her if he could have the next dance. She nodded her head, and gave him a thumbs up sign. He walked back to the table.
“Hey, what are you doing Mendoza?”
“Look Leo, we need to get some education on dancing. The girl behind you was good, so I asked her to teach me. I think you should find yourself a girl who can dance, and who can teach you too.”
“But I came here to be with you,” complained Leo.
“Yes, that’s not going to change, I just think we should learn to dance, since we are here. Ok?”
“I’m not sure I like it.”
“Leo, don’t be a wet blanket. Look, this instruction is not going to take long. The girls only cost ten cents per dance, it’s not like a big expense or anything. Do you want me to have her pick out a partner for you too?”
Leo thought this one over. He was getting a bit jealous, but he didn’t want to just be sitting there watching his partner have a good time with a girl, so he said, “Yes, have her get me a partner.”
So, the two boys went to the bakla guarding the girls, and Mendoza paid twenty centavos for Cora, his girl, and Francine, a girl for Leo.
Leo was not looking forward to this, but Francine was actually nice, and he did learn the fundamentals of the quickstep at the end of the Body and Soul song. He thanked her and went to sit down. He did get a bit distracted though with Mendoza, because he was dancing so close to Cora. 
Mendoza kept dancing. He was chatting, smiling, looking charming, and the girl was looking quite coy, and battering her eyes at him. Then he pulled out a one-peso coin, showing that he had money, and Cora and he danced a waltz, while she put her head on his shoulder. Mendoza was laying his body flat against the girl, rubbing with what looked like an erection. Leo by then was angry, obviously this was not a dance lesson, it was flirtation on their date. At the end of the dance, the couple went off to the side, and seemed intensely talking, smiling, while Mendoza was holding her hands. 
Finally Mendoza came back to sit down, and Leo was glaring at him. Mendoza ignored him, and finished off a beer in one long gulp. “Hey, she teaches real well Leo, maybe you could go again with, what’s her name, Francis?”
“Hey Mendoza, this was our date. Our date, tonight. For graduation. But look at what you are doing!”
“Hey, what’s it to you Leo? You don’t want me to get educated about dance, is that it?”
“No, don’t be stupid Mendoza. You could have come here on your own time and learned dance. But instead, you want to be with her, not with me.”
“Because I like girls? Sometimes I want to be with them? That’s me, and you already knew it. So now you are getting upset because I spent twenty minutes with a girl? Leo, give me a break!” With this, Mendoza opened the last of the eight beers, and sat and stared at Leo.
“I think you are making a fool of me,” replied Leo.
“No, you are trying to put a leash on me. I told Cora we’d take a break, and then we dance again. You stay here. I will dance just a few more songs, then we can leave.”
With that, Mendoza stood up, had another long glug, and unsteadily, went to the bakla to get Cora again. 
Leo was by then, quite upset. Is this what Mendoza thought of him? Ok, just a hole for sexual service, passing time with a bakla until a girl came along? Someone not important, that you can drop when you get bored? And look at them, Mendoza, his back to him, probably on purpose, and Cora looking all happy at the waltz, looking up sometimes in Mendoza’s eyes. It’s not dance instruction anymore. Shit, Mendoza even kissed Cora on the cheek. Shit! 
Leo thought to himself; Why am I here? What was I doing here, torturing myself? And afterwards, after the dance, would Mendoza even want him around? Maybe he would want to wait for Cora to get off her shift? And even if he did want his bakla boy Leo to stay, what’s the point? Mendoza clearly has a crush on Cora, not on me. So, really, why should I stay? Also, honestly, probably Mendoza would be happier if I just left, so he could concentrate on Cora. 
That did it, Leo thought. He called the waiter over, asked about the bill, and went with him to pay at the counter. Leo, feeling like a stupid sucker, paid for the eight beers, and walked out into the night. 


Once leaving the Hollywood, Leo realized that he was a bit drunk. He was able to figure out the shortest way home though. Cross Avenida Rizal, then left on O’Donnell, and then right on Zurbaran. If he didn’t do it right, he’d end up in the Manila City Jail. In spite of the anger, once he started walking, he was doing better, even if his feet found it hard to keep a straight line. He did notice that it was 2am which was a surprise. Oh, the watch! From Mendoza. Maybe he should give it back to that idiot, even if he felt now like throwing it away.
And for sure, the door of his house would be locked from the inside. He would have to wake someone up. Or just sleep outside, but that would be bad in his nice clothes. 
Why did Mendoza just snap like that? What made him so rude? How could he be so inconsiderate? Did he just think of Leo as a piece of garbage? Maybe that was it. Leo was always going to come in second, if given the choice, Mendoza would always go for a girl, and not a bakla. He was basically a selfish, self-centered male, who didn’t deserve his loyal Leo.
But this problem should have happened before. Maybe Mendoza and Cora had love at first sight or something. Or maybe, he just isn’t that good around girls, but now jackpot? But a taxi dancer? So cheap. So desperate! Pathetic. 
And himself, Leo? Well, pathetic too! Both kuya and Mendoza warned him this was going to happen, a boy would choose a girl over a bakla. So who, thought Leo, should I be most upset at? At Mendoza or at myself?” By the time he reached the house, Leo was fighting back tears, which made him only angrier and self-pitiful. While Mendoza was enjoying himself, he himself was crying! And who paid for the beers? Fool!
The front door of the Alcoreza house was indeed locked, and there were no lights on. He could have slept outside on the porch, but that would be really pathetic. And crawled over by cockroaches. Yuck. Leo didn’t want to wake up his mom either. So, going to the back, he picked up some pebbles and threw them on the open capiz window near Francis’ bed. Sometimes they went “plink” and sometimes no sound at all. Finally, after ten minutes, Francis came to the window and saw his kuya. He just waved and nodded his head. 
As he was waiting for Francis, he remembered the boy’s reaction to his kiss on Mendoza’s cheek. Oops. That will be a problem. Shit, problems, problems!
Leo got to the front porch when the door was being opened by his little brother in a loincloth.
“Hey Leo, I thought you went out with Mendoza. Where is he?”
“Long story. We had a fight. A disagreement.”
“Ok, I’m sorry bro. About me getting upset at you.”
“No, I should have told you before. It’s my fault Francis.” Leo gave a quick hug to his brother.
“Yeah, I was just shocked.”
“You are my brother,” Leo now held Francis with both arms. “I should have told you.”
“No, really. I thought you were a boy.”
“Well, I am a boy, but a boy who likes other boys.”
“Will I become one too?”
“No of course not. You like girls, right?”
“Yes, my crush wrote me a note today, saying she likes me!”
“Well good for you Francis. Honestly, are you ashamed of me?”
“No, no kuya. You are my kuya. If anybody messes with you, I will kick their ass!”
“Thanks Francis. But I don’t think it will come to that.”
“It looks like you been crying kuya. And maybe drinking too!”
“Well sort of yes.”
“Is it about Mendoza?”
“Yes, we just had an argument.”
“What did he do to you kuya? What?” said Francis in a belligerent tone. Leo hugged his little brother’s shoulder.
“Hey, I will be ok. It’s just that Mendoza can be an asshole sometimes. But thank you brother, for getting up in the middle of the night just for me. And I’m so sorry that you didn’t know about me being different. I should have said something, but I was ashamed, and I didn’t want you upset.”
“Hey kuya, I love you no matter what. No matter what.” With that, Francis put his arm around the shoulder of his older brother. 
‘You go upstairs Francis. I will go up there in a second. I only want to wash my face and brush my teeth.”
As Francis went up the stairs, Leo thought how much he loved his family. He’d heard of other family’s being mean and violent to their bakla. But not this family. It’s great. Why do they love me so much? When I can be so stupid sometimes?

Chapter 12

April 2, 1941
For the next week Leo did not see Mendoza. He felt since the scene at the Hollywood was not really his fault, why should he apologize? After all, it was their date, and Mendoza insisted that he dance with Cora for 45 minutes, and then go back on the dance floor again with her. Thinking only of himself, he humiliated Leo. Mendoza was making sure that Leo realized that he was only a second best, a friend to use for sexual release. That was all Leo was to the boy. 
Leo did have a few doubts. He could have been a little bit less impatient, and let maybe Mendoza dance a bit more. Or not left so abruptly. But he was drunk, and really, Mendoza was picking a fight with him. His partner wanted him to leave, or at least that was how he was acting.
Actually, the whole thing could be looked at as a good thing. Leo realized now just how insignificant he was in the eyes of his boyfriend. And so why invest all this energy, commitment, and love to a guy and get so little in return. So, summing up, Leo thought it was beneficial, because now he knew that Mendoza was a dead end.
This was all good and well, but he was still upset. One other problem was that there were no more classes, so he had few distractions, so he found himself always thinking about Mendoza. And getting angry at himself, and at his ex as well. 
Leo was in the process of applying to V. Mapa High School on Mendiola. They wanted him at the school, and all he needed to do was pass a medical exam done at Philippine General Hospital. That was easy enough, and they had found him physically fit. Yet, they didn’t exam him for a broken heart. 
He submitted his results to the principal’s office, and was told to check back on Friday for a meeting that would discuss his loads for the upcoming school year. At V. Mapa, things were falling into place. For this, Leo was happy, his dreams were coming true. He was going to become a social studies teacher!
As he walked out on his way back to Calle Legarda, and he passed by Centro Escolar University. In spite of few classes, at their main gate, a number of students and friends were waiting outside. Leo paid it no mind, he was just daydreaming, when he saw Mendoza! He was intently waiting for someone and did not notice Leo. Leo slowed down a little bit. Then out came Cora. She kissed Mendoza on his check and he hugged her and looked in Leo’s direction. Only about five meters separated them, and Leo went very slow. 
Time went very slow too. Mendoza only showed a slight surprise, but then, smoothly, took Cora’s shoulder and moved towards Legarda as well. And as he was walking away, Mendoza moved his right hand in a sweeping motion, signaling Leo to go away. Leo stopped, dumbfounded.
Leo sat down on the sidewalk and cried into his hankie. Mendoza didn’t even look back. He even thought about buying a melon juice and throwing it on both Mendoza and Cora, but that would be an immature thing to do. 
Leo reminded himself of his own self-respect and the Alcoreza name. And soon, in six weeks, he would be teaching at V. Mapa, so he should be happy. And graduation was approaching, so really he should be proud of himself, and self-strong. And not crying into his hankie. And really, he would no longer see Mendoza, since both were going their separate ways. So, Leo, be happy!


Another incident came at graduation itself. In the alphabet, Leo Alcoreza came before Almeda, the roommate of Mendoza. Since the breakup, Leo had not visited the boarding house, for there was no reason to. He did like Almeda as a person, but the friendship was based on Mendoza. But on this day, Leo would be sitting on a bench beside Almeda for two hours, and of course, they would be talking. But they couldn’t look at each other so much, otherwise it would look like they were chatting. 
 “Hey, Leo! We missed you at our boarding house!”
“Yeah, and I missed you too Almeda. But you know how it goes!”
“Mendoza was kind of cold to you. The way he described it, we got surprised. I think he should have treated you better. You deserve better Leo.”
“Well, maybe I do. Mendoza described the dance hall, the Hollywood?”
“Oh yeah, of course it was mostly about how he found his girl, Cora. But he didn’t have to drop you like that.”
“Well, that’s what I felt too, but you know, its maybe all for the best anyway.”
“Well, me and Francisco liked you. The other guys too. You know, honestly, I had a bakla buddy before, and I admit, he helped me a lot. And I did try to treat him with the same respect he treated me, tried to treat him as something special.”
“That is good Almeda, but for you and for Mendoza, the bakla is temporary. I knew I was going to be replaced.”
“Yes, but he didn’t have to ditch the bakla right in the middle of the date! And you two were going steady too. Well, anyway, it’s not my business.”
“Yeah, you’re right Almeda. Thanks.”
“Hey, you’re crying. Here, use my hankie.”
“Thanks, but I got my own. I’ve been using it a lot nowadays.”
“And you should find another boyfriend who deserves you Leo. Me, or many other guys would be happy if they were chosen. You are discreet, and caring. Mendoza said you were good, well at you know.”
“Did he? Hmmm,” Leo wondered how boys discuss sex with bakla. “But hey, thanks Almeda. But I think you should stop. I don’t want to cry over Mendoza. But your words were nice to hear bro.”
Almeda gave a quick stroke to Leo’s leg, who replied, “Thanks, but right now, I’m not thinking about boys. I just want to move away from the topic.”
“That’s perfect Leo. And I hope you can stay sweet, and not get bitter over Mendoza.”
“That is what I am trying to do. Not get bitter!
“That’s our Leo! And Leo, if you ever wanted to try me, hey, it’s ok.”
“Ahh, Almeda, you are sweet. And handsome too. But not now sir. I’m still upset.”
“Ok, no rush. Do you have a job yet?”
“I think so, at V. Mapa. Teaching history and geography.” 
 “Congratulations Leo. That is perfect for you.”
“Yeah, I guess I was lucky to get in there. But that’s where I did my practicum teaching, and they offered to put me there.” 
“So it is good for you!”
Leo was thinking, Mendoza never was very supportive of him. And Almeda, without prompting, was being nice to him. Maybe Mendoza was not so nice of a boy.
“Almeda, you are a sweet boy. Thanks, you made me feel better.”
“Hey, I like Mendoza too, so I am not getting involved. But you are a sweet bakla who deserves good treatment from a boy.”
“Ok, now. So who is our speaker?”
“He is Teofilo Sison, in charge of national defense. We are supposed to stand to welcome him.”
“Oh ok. But what will he do when the Japanese invade?”
“He will bow and ask for mercy.”
“And won’t we all! Almeda, is that your hand on my butt?”
“Yes, I’m showing my appreciation. Mendoza told me it was great.”
“Shit. Damn him. Why did he have to talk about it?”
“It was just me and him. We had been drinking. I asked him about it in the butt, because I said I enjoyed it with my bakla buddy, it was nice and tight.”
“My goodness. You males!”
“Now stand up and welcome our Defense Secretary!” announced Almeda. Both boys stood up
“I am, I am! But it’s not good when guys talk about my butt.”
“Don’t worry Leo, this was a private discussion. It wasn’t like it was posted on the bulletin board at the college.”
“Ok, Almeda. No more talking about this, and no more touching my butt. I do like you, but not now, and not here either. I don’t want the people behind us to get the wrong idea.”
“Ok, ok, calm down. We have to listen what he has to say. But can I tell that you like me. You got a banana in your pocket!”
“Almeda! It’s got a head, with no brain. It gets excited at anything. Let’s pay attention to what Sison will say.”


Defense Secretary Sison described the great things that are taking place to get the new nation ready to defend itself. As part of USAFFE, the United States Armed Forces in the Far East, the Americans were helping prepare the Philippines. They were donating used equipment, and training Filipinos to assume command. They were also sending over their latest equipment, such as the Boeing B-17 heavy bombers, P-40 fighters, and air supplies. 
Since the Pacific Fleet moved to Hawaii, Sison said that there will be more navy ships visiting the Philippines, and perhaps getting stationed here. Subic Bay in Zambales is getting new facilities. Furthermore, the fast torpedo boats, the Q boats, are being quickly built, and these ships can sink any sort of ship, including air craft carriers with their torpedoes. At the same time, the boats are nearly impossible to sink because they move so fast with agility. 
The ROTC program is moving ahead full speed, Sison remarked. More and more young men are getting the rudiments of military training, and the military is rapidly increasing in size. 
Leo got disgusted. “If his presentation was any worse, I would start to laugh. It is full of propaganda. He is saying we are ready for the war, but we are not!” 
“But what do you expect him to say Leo? That we are ready to lie down and get raped by the Japanese?”
Leo got animated with his hands. “What about more realistic! Mendoza and I saw the planes at Clark. This was last Christmas. And there were none of these advanced planes there. And the men we talked to said that they are going to send over a dozen B-17s, and they were going to arrive someday. And by the sound of it, that day will never come. And then what are they going to do with twelve airplanes? And the Japanese are battle tested, with hundreds of aircraft.”
“Leo, calm down, and lower your voice. We are in the first row!”
“Sorry!”
“Well, maybe the Americans will send more help now that those Japs took over Vietnam.”
“Those Americans like to talk tough and say how weak the Japanese are. I think they underestimate the land of the rising sun. At our cost,” added Leo.
“What do you mean?” 
“Well, the Japanese will soon tire of following Americans demands. They want to take over all of China and Southeast Asia. So they will go for broke, and just say damn the Americans, and do some sort of surprise attack on us.”
“Maybe, but they will be going against the biggest industrial power in the world,” said Almeda.
“Yeah, but Japanese got the Germans behind them too. And for a while, while America start to re-arm, the Japanese have a larger number of planes and ships. So Japan just might go for broke and do a surprise attack. Just like they did to Russia in 1905.”
“And maybe attack us right here in Manila?”
“And take us over before the Americans can stop them? Yes, just maybe! The Americans are not being serious. Serious about our lives,” declared Leo.
“Well, we aren’t that serious either. Most Filipinos aren’t willing to fight the Japanese if they invaded.”
“Well, if someone was giving them hope, some inspiration to put up a fight, I think we could. But that inspiration will not come from Sison or politicians like him.” 
“Yes, but remember, this is our graduation. Calm down. It’s a happy celebration.”
“Yes, Almeda, it should be happy. But war is about to change us graduates, and change our nation in dramatic ways. We live under a dark cloud of uncertainty.”
“Leo, be happy today.”
“Almeda, ok, ok. It is a day to thank God and our families for the blessings that we have received. You are correct, and I am corrected! So be happy!”
“So we can have fun some night together?”
Leo ignored this hint. “Yes, I will have fun with my family. And you with your family. Of course you are going out for dinner?”
“Yes, my parents arrived last night from Legaspi, and stayed at a cheap place. But tonight, we eat at the Luneta Hotel.”
“Is your whole family here?”
“No, just my dad and younger brother. They couldn’t afford that the whole family go on a big trip. So my mom stayed home and is taking care of my other five brothers and sisters.”
 “Ahh, but at least someone is here!”
“And you?”
“It’s the whole family, but we got a small family, only two other brothers. Plus we live in Manila, so it’s easy. We will eat at the Aristocrat on Dewey Boulevard.”
“That’s the new place?”
“Not so new, but we haven’t eaten there before. But it’s supposed to have good food, and a view of the sunset too.”
“Very special, the Aristocrat!”
“Well, I am special Almeda!”
“I agree with that! And Mendoza is blind!”
“Mendoza, who is that? Never heard of him!”
“Yes, time to move on Leo!”
“Yes, now is the time to celebrate! Life is good Almeda! You got a job lined up?”
“I think so! At my old public high school, a national high school in Legaspi. My teachers want me back!”
“Hey congrats, and it will be a math teacher?”
“Math and science!”
“I bet you will be a good teacher. You explain things well.”
“Hey thanks. That’s just what they told me in my demo teaching interview.”
“See, you are good!”
“So we are both sitting on top of the world Leo!”
“Yes, and thanks for making me happy Almeda!”
“Hey, and you are always welcome to come by! I will be in the boarding house until April 30th, then I return to Bicol.”
“We shall see. I think it’s about time to throw these silly hats into the air!”
“Yes, the president is approaching the stage now. And here it goes! Hats off! Celebration!”


Leo hugged many classmates that day. Many were jumping up and down, while Leo was trying to stay controlled but happy. He avoided the middle of the alphabet, the M’s, while greeting his friends. He did see Ernie Esteban, which was great. He had been a close friend since his first year.
“Congratulations Ernie!”
“Congratulations Leo! My, you and Almeda seem to be in love!”
“In love, what are you talking about!”
“I saw that hand cupping your butt!”
“Ernie! My goodness, you have such a dirty mind! There was nothing going on!”
“While his hand was exploring the possibilities of entering Leo’s tunnel of love!”
“Ernie! Look, honestly yes, he was interested, but for me, nothing. I’m not in the mood now. But bakla, he is there in the boarding house till the end of the month. Maybe you should pay him a visit. He said, quote, ‘I enjoyed doing it before in my bakla buddy’s butt.’”
“Oh really! I should really go look up Almeda!”
“Look, here is your chance, go Ernie!”
“Thanks for the tip Leo! Will I see you before I go back to Cebu?”
“Yes, I will go to school on the 27th, the day the yearbooks are distributed. We can go out afterwards.”
“Good, see you then! I will be there. Now go, before his family takes him away!”


It was a day of celebration, but it also had an awkward moment. It happened at the Aristocrat. There had been no contact between the ex-lovers for weeks. In fact, when Mendoza climbed the stage to get his diploma, it was the first Leo had seen of him since the sighting at Calle Mendiola. This suited Leo just fine, since the less said, the less salt on the wound of his broken heart. 
Leo’s family took a karitela to the Aristocrat. Francis, the bunso, had to walk over two blocks to find a four-seat horse-drawn cab, and pay extra for the trip. Leo thought, it was still cheap, considering Almeda’s story about the long trip from Legaspi.
When the family arrived at the restaurant, even if it was not yet dinner time, there was a line outside waiting to get a table. While the Alcoreza family was in line, up pulled the Mendoza truck, and out came Mister Mendoza, his son Man, the bakla brother Ricky, and Mrs. Mendoza. 
Oh shit, thought Leo. I hope there isn’t a bad scene on this happy day. The father recognized Leo right away and walked over with a big smile.
“How are you Leo! The number one nationalist in all of Philippine Normal!”
“I am just fine sir Mendoza. I hope you are happy on this day!”
“Oh yes, very happy. My son has graduated, finally! Hey, come here Man, don’t be shy!”
Up came Mendoza, trying to avoid eye contact, as his shoulder was held by his dad. Leo could sense tension, especially since Francis, who was sitting behind him, had stood up and now was standing right beside him. Leo felt if Francis was a dog, he would be growling now and in attack position. So Leo discreetly put his arm around his brother’s head, as if he was feeling his forehead affectionately. 
“Congratulations to you Leo! This is your family?”
“Oh yes, this is my mom, Mrs. Alcoreza, my kuya Mike, and the bunso Francis. This is Mister Mendoza.”
“Mrs. Alcoreza, when your son came up to visit us last Christmas, I was so impressed with his knowledge of historical and current events. He is really a nationalist to his heart,” said Mister Mendoza.
“Oh thank you sir. We are always talking about current events around the dinner table. Sometimes he gets passionate!”
“Yes, I wish my son was as much a nationalist as he is.”
“At least he is promoting sports sir!” noted the kuya. 
“Oh yes, sports. But you know, he just told me, that in addition to his becoming a PE teacher at De La Salle high school, he will also teach fitness at the Japanese Embassy on the weekends!”
Leo’s jaw dropped, and for the first time, looked directly at his ex-partner. “Say what, the Japanese Embassy! You are going to work there?” 
Mendoza looked down and nodded his head.
In reply, Leo just shook his head, looked down, and softly said, “Oh my God.”
“You didn’t know Leo?” asked Mister Mendoza.
“No sir. No. Sorry. I am sorry sir,” Leo murmured and turned away. 
“Leo, you are always welcome to visit us. In fact, so is your family. We are not too far away, it’s just Pampanga.”
“Oh, maybe sometime sir. Thank you for your offer,” replied kuya Mike.
Just then a waitress yelled out “Alcoreza party, ready!”
With a look of condolence, Leo shook mister Mendoza’s hand. “Sorry, I didn’t know about it. But we must go in. The waitress is calling. Good day sir!”
With that, the Alcoreza family walked in. Leo now felt that Mendoza made the ultimate break. First it was Cora, and now the Japanese embassy! He wouldn’t have done that if he was his boyfriend. Leo would have vetoed the plan. But now with Cora, Mendoza had lost his bearings. 
The Japanese Embassy? Did Mendoza do it on purpose to make Leo angry? How many other places could Mendoza have taught fitness training? Dozens! What an insult. It was fine to make money, and teach at De La Salle, but to teach the spying Japanese? No nationalism there! How depressing.

Chapter 13

October 22, 1941
Leo loved teaching. He felt that he had really made the right choice. His students were well-behaved, and listened when he talked. His busy schedule meant little time for thinking of Mendoza. Leo taught geography, Philippine history, and civics. 
Like most new teachers, Leo was overwhelmed with school work, since these subjects were new to him as a teacher. Honestly, he felt sometimes unprepared to teach his classes, but he was doing the best he could. He had to devise quizzes, exams, lectures and projects. And like most new teachers, his boss, the head of the social science section, and the principal pressured him to take on extra-curricular assignments. 
The Department of Education had asked all high schools to implement a civics program, focusing on helping the community in times of war, storms, or earthquakes. As usual, the department gave only had vague guidelines. In October, the principal called Leo into the office and gave the job to him. He earned no additional pay, only an additional headache. 
Leo could think of many things that the club could do, like basic military drilling, house to house campaigns to bring news to families in case of emergency, stockpiling food, money and contingency plans. The principal wasn’t very helpful with ideas, and his boss was overwhelmed with work herself. Leo felt he needed guidance. 
So Leo sought out his alma mater, Philippine Normal and their ROTC unit. Perhaps they would have ideas. He went there on a Saturday afternoon, which was the time that the ROTC practice was finished. He was happily surprised to see his old friend there, alone in the office.
“Sargent Soriano sir, reporting for duty sir!”
“Hoy, sergeant Alcoreza, can’t you tell, it’s First Lieutenant Soriano now! Give me ten pushups!”
“Yes sir!” Leo smiled and put down his large envelope and got down on the floor.
“You can’t do that Alcoreza! You were kicked out last year!”
“But I’m back now sir!”
“You can’t come back, you moron! You graduated already”
“But sir, you said once trained, always ready.”
“Aha, but there are always exceptions to the rule! What are you doing here, besides wasting my time?”
“Asking for help, sir!”
“Ok, but if you want help, that will cost you one beer!”
“Yes sir, I am willing to pay sir!”
“Ok, now you are talking! I was just about to take a shower Leo, so can you wait for just a few minutes? Then we can go out to a close by bar, get something to eat, and you buy me the beer. If we drink another beer, I will pay!”
“Yes sir!”
As Soriano was undressing to his loincloth, he asked, “Just what is it that you want Leo?”
“Sir, I work at V. Mapa High School. I teach civics, and the principal assigned me to lead up a civics group of student volunteers. So I wanted to ask you what things I could do with them. Dep Ed hasn’t come up with any real plan yet.”
“Sort of like a junior ROTC maybe? Ok, give me a couple of minutes, and then we can leave. At ease, sergeant!”
As Soriano went to take his shower, Leo could feel growing excitement between his legs. Soriano did look good, with a nice broad chest, bumpy stomach, and in the back, a nice rounded butt on a narrow waist. Maybe this dinner and beer might lead to better things!
When Soriano came back, he was wearing a dry loincloth, and Leo couldn’t help but smile. Soriano returned the smile, but then asked, “Hey, you and Mendoza still together?”
“Oh no. It’s very much over.”
“Yeah, that’s what I heard.”
“People talk about us?”
“One of the boys did, I can’t remember who. But the only thing they said was that you two were apart now. I’m sorry Leo.”
“Yes, very apart, sir.”
“Stop the sir bit Leo, you are no longer in the ROTC. No more sirs. If I can ask, what caused the breakup? Was it the bivouac?”
“Oh no, no. It wasn’t that. This might sound stupid, but it started with our date for graduation. He took me to a dance club, and he fell in love with this taxi dancer, and just ignored me for the whole time.”
“Does sound like a stupid reason to break up though. But let’s go. We can go to the bar, it’s just on Ayala and San Marcelino. It’s only a few blocks.”
“Ok sure, we can walk there,” as Leo got up to leave the office. “But Soriano, it was eight, ten dances, with no signal he was going to stop dancing with her. They were kissing on the dance floor. We never had a date before this one. And I didn’t make a scene, I just paid the bill and left for home. But he never even apologized, and never contacted me again.”
“Just like that, everything was over?”
“Yeah, just like that. Like, ‘I found a girl now, I don’t need you anymore.’ And then a few weeks later, I ran into Cora the taxi dancer, and him. They were embracing. Mendoza noticed me and waved his hands for me to leave. Just like this!” Leo waved his hands like you would to shoo away a dog.
“So you got dumped. That’s sad Leo.”
“Yeah, I was upset, and mentally I was prepared for being replaced by a girl, I was ready for it, after all, he is a boy. But not like that, not like he did it.”
“Well, you deserve something better Leo.”
“But wait, there’s more. I saw him and his family on graduation day, and I found out from his dad, he’s gotten a weekend job with the Japanese embassy as a fitness instructor. The Japanese, our best friends!”
“No, really!” Soriano sounded shocked. “The Japanese!”
“Yes, really. And you know, he’s working full time at De La Salle, but he wants more money, and that’s ok, but why choose the Japanese government? Even an American corporation would be better.”
“Ok, I agree with you there. The Japanese are spying on us, I’m certain. So why help them!”
“Yes, that was my question too. I was disappointed in him really. But I didn’t say anything in front of his family, it is no longer my affair.”
“Poor Leo, I will be nice to you tonight.” With that, he gave a tap on Leo’s butt, and they left the campus.
On the way over, Soriano remarked that it was too bad Leo hadn’t continued in the army reserve. 
“I wish you could have continued guy. You were good, and would make a good leader.”
“Hey, Soriano, I wanted to, and still want to. But this first year of teaching, it’s a near 24 hour a day job. My weekends are taken up preparing for the upcoming week. But, as soon as this school year ends, I really think I can, I will have more time.”
“Yeah, I’ve heard that about teaching. But after a while, especially after the first year, then you get more efficient, and everything is not so new anymore.”
“Yes, next school year, I think I can promise Lieutenant.”

For fear of getting too drunk, Leo suggested that they first eat at the sidewalk eatery near the bar, and then go to the bar and drink. The first job after all, was to ask for ideas for the civics group, and then enjoy themselves. 
“Are there girls also in your group Leo?”
“Yes there are. And they are more responsible than the boys.”
 “Do you want to include though rifle practice in your group?”
“Oh no, I don’t think the girls would be allowed, besides these boys are too young and dumb for a rifle.”
“Yes, I suppose you are right.”
“What I was thinking about was more practical for their families. The government should be doing this, but is not. For instance, explaining what happens in wartime. Such as, not hoarding. Instead have a stockpile of food that would last one week. Perhaps if possible, buying a shortwave radio now, and make a hiding place inside your house. That all family members know what to do in an emergency. That sort of thing.” 
“Leo, these are good ideas. I don’t think you need me so much. But I can add, buy a flashlight, and learn a little bit of Japanese.”
“Japanese?”
“Well, yes. It might save your life. Remember we are thinking of civilians here.”
“Ok, I understand.”
“Plus, of course, earthquake drills, how to put out fires, emergency phone numbers, those kind of things are important too. And of course, how to avoid getting shot, like staying low, running for cover. Encouraging neighborhood meetings to discuss emergency situations.”
“Oh Soriano, you are a fountain of ideas.”
“But I think also, self-discipline is important too. Maybe your members could do calisthenics? Perhaps jogging, like near Malacañang Palace? That’s a nice place too. And you should think of bonding things to do with the group, so they will stick together.”
“Maybe I could take them on field trips, even to Fort Santiago or something.”
“That would be ok, as long as the Americans would let you in!”
“Also the national museum, so they get a sense of history.”
“Sergeant Leo, you are good!” 
“Lieutenant, you inspire me! And your body, so fit too! Mine, turning to mush!”
“I have to keep in shape, otherwise it looks bad to the ROTC students. But you like it Leo?”
“Yes. It is a nice body Soriano. You have a nice, wide chest.”
“You should call me Juan. You are no longer under my command Leo!”
“Juan it will be. Let’s order another San Miguel. I’m getting thirsty just looking at you!”
“Hey, that is nice to hear Leo! To Leo Alcoreza, to his kindness, honesty, and his nationalism!”
“Juan, why honesty?”
“Well, I’ve had a few other guys flirt with me. But they don’t identify themselves as bakla. So I have to guess their intention, and when I do, they get defensive and start to lie. You are bakla and ok with it. You don’t lie about it.”
“Ahh, ok, yes. I haven’t told my other teachers yet though. I thought since I was still on probation, I should play it safe.”
“Maybe you are right in that situation. But you try to be honest.”
“Yeah, I don’t pretend to be a male there, I just don’t announce it. But it’s kind of obvious that I am bakla.”
“Yes, but you are decent about it, not flamboyant.”
“Yes, I try. And I have always enjoyed you Juan. You always treated me right, even in a macho place like ROTC.”
“Honestly I had a relationship with a bakla in second year. And our bunso is bakla too. So I know a little about you guys.”
“You had a relationship with a bakla? Really!”
“Yeah, it was for about six months.”
“Why did it stop?”
“It wasn’t my fault. I liked it. It was him. He was about 25, and he just used me. He said he was faithful, but he was always having sex with other boys. I was just one of many, and he broke many of our dates too. He lied to me. He finally left me for a crush of the college.”
“Well, we bakla can’t be perfect. Some of the guys I know, they just use the boy, and then move on. They don’t care so much for respecting the boy, and the boy has feelings too.”
“Yes, very true. I felt degraded.”
“Yes, I’m sorry. It’s bad especially if it’s the boy’s first relationship. The bakla has to take care of his boyfriend, like a good kuya would. Give guidance.”
“But Leo, one thing you have to watch out for, don’t attach a lot of emotion into the affair. Keep pace with the guy, don’t go head over heels in love like you did with Mendoza. Keep it simple, and at the same level as the guy puts in it.”
“That is good advice. I don’t want to get broken hearted again.”
“Oh knowing you, you will be emotional, just like your nationalism Leo. But try to tone it down a little bit.”
“Ok. I will. Do you think there might be a chance with you? You and me?” asked Leo a little bit coyly.
“Maybe, I might like it. Do you like me?”
“I have always liked you, and yes, maybe! Let’s drink to that!”
“Yes Leo! But just remember, a boy is looking for a bakla for sexual release, and as a friend too. So keep it on a friendship level, ok? I don’t want you to get disappointed in me. And I don’t want to ruin our friendship either.”
“Such a sweet boy you are Juan!”
“And I know you bakla, you are always thinking of size. Leo, I’m not that big.”
“If you were the size of my baby finger, that is fine with me. It is yours Soriano and so I like it. I take the whole package. You are good looking, and mature too!”
“So romantic Leo. I am yours!”
“Cheers, to the two of us!” 
“Hey, can we pay up now? I am already kind of drunk. Then I suggest that we go to my boarding house.”
“That is fine with me. I am kind of drunk too. Look, it’s almost one am.”
“Oh, you got a watch! Nice touch!”
In a low tone, Leo said, “Mendoza gave it to me on our last date. I was planning to return it, but I need it for teaching. Besides, he doesn’t deserve it.”
“Let me see. Yes, it is a Matibay brand, for the nationalist in you. Too bad your relationship wasn’t matibay, huh!”
“Very funny!”
“And honestly, I liked Mendoza, he is capable, quiet, but maybe insensitive sometimes, Leo.”
“Insensitive is a nice way to put it.” 
“Oh, Leo. Just relax now. The boarding house is ok? Its only three blocks away from here.”
“That is fine with me Soriano. But it’s not too late now, can I leave a message for my family? I should call them.”
“Yes, there is a small store with a phone on the way home. You use that.”

On the way home, Leo liked the way Juan held him, close, with Juan holding his shoulder tightly, and he gave him a tap on the butt when in front of the small store. The call went fine, and over in Calle Paquita Francis was there buying something at the small store when Leo called. So he told his brother he was going to be with Soriano for the night. 
At the outside of Soriano’s boarding house, both boys didn’t talk. From the outside, Leo could tell it had been a big old house, that had been cut up into different rooms. The front door opened with a key, and the house was dark and quiet. Juan’s room was on the second floor, unlocked, in the back, and was only about nine square meters. On a shelf was some cooking supplies, and some military books. In a small closet without doors was where he kept his clothes, and a single lightbulb lit up the room. There was a fresh breeze from the capiz style widow, that looked onto neglected garden. This was nice, especially since Leo could see no fan. In spite of its dinginess, the hardwood floor was shiny, the bed on the floor neatly made, and there was no clutter. 
When the two entered the room, Soriano turned to Leo and gave him a kiss on the lips. Leo returned the kiss and pulled Soriano closer. But he pointed to his crotch, indicating that he needed to pee. Both removed their shoes and socks, and Juan escorted Leo down the hall to the bathroom, and Leo peed followed by Juan. They then went back to the room, and upon entering Juan turned off the lights, and bolted the door shut. The only light in the room came from the descending moon.
Juan took off his shirt and put it on the chair. He then took off Leo’s t-shirt, and put it also on the chair, and the two embraced chest to chest. Leo went down to Juan’s nipples. They were flat, so he just rubbed them with puckered lips until both got hard. He then went down to Juan’s pants, and rubbed the crotch with his nose. Soriano gently pushed his friend’s face closer to the erection. Leo undid the belt, then the buttons, and Juan stepped out. Then Leo took off his own pants, until he too was just in his loincloth. 
Juan gently pulled Leo to the thin cotton mattress on the floor, and sat down and kissed his partner again. As Leo was kissing, he lay Soriano on his back, and kissed again his nipples, rubbing them again with his lips. Juan found the shoestring knot around Leo’s waist and undid it, and let the loincloth fall away. He then did the same with his own, and now both were naked, and both excited. Leo moved up to again massage his friend’s nipples, while rubbing the two erections together. After about a minute, Juan pushed his bakla friend’s head to his crotch, and Leo licked it. Soriano’s tip was wet with excitement. Leo sucked on the eggs, and then slowly sucked up and down on Juan’s tight erection, and then went back to the eggs. The erection was smallish, but the testicles were large, with only a little line of pubic hair above the organ. Moving up and down on the shaft, after three minutes, Leo could feel the penis further enlarge, and then the pumping started. It kept coming out. Leo counted eight contractions, and nearly got a mouth full of semen. Juan pulled out a used T shirt from the laundry basket, and Leo cleaned up. 
“Sorry Leo, I know it was a lot.”
“It was like drinking one of those American milkshakes. It just kept coming!”
“I think it’s been about a week. Was it ok to swallow it?”
“Hey, that’s fine. And it was impressive. It was like Mt. Mayon. A big eruption! Maybe because your eggs are big.”
“My old bakla buddy said that too. Maybe it’s the eggs. But Leo, you want to also? Looks like you are ready to go.”
“Oh, later, in a little bit. Best now to relax.” 
“You lie down beside me. Too bad there is no fan, but what can I say?”
“I’m just fine sir.” Leo lay down on his side, with a leg over Juan, and his head resting on the bicep. He smelled the armpit, which smelled of fresh masculine sweat.
“Hey, what you doing Leo?”
“I like your smell, it’s nice.”
“But my armpit doesn’t have hair there. Not like your armpit or other guys.” He raised his arm for Leo to see.
“Yeah, I have a neighborhood friend just like it. Just like you, with only a line of hair above his organ.”
“Yeah! My father the same way, my bakla brother too.”
“How did you know he likes boys?”
“Oh, I once, totally by mistake, caught him having sex with another boy. I had suspected a little bit, and that just confirmed it.”
“He saw you see him?”
“Oh yes, most definitely. He had another boy’s dick in his mouth! So we talked about it afterwards, and I promised not to tell the parents. I just told him not become a bakla who is like a sex maniac or something.”
“Yes, just like my kuya told me!”
“He caught you too?”
“Kissing Mendoza openly near our house. A scandal. I have to defend the Alcoreza name. Be discreet.”
“Well, that is partly true. You have to be decent.”
“And I am. I’ve only had sex with Mendoza, that’s all!”
“Well, gosh, that makes us about even then. Now you relax now, you sure you don’t want me to stroke you some?”
“Oh no, maybe later.” Leo lay on his back, and Juan pushed his body beside his partners, and put his foot between Leo’s legs. 
Leo wanted to talk, but sensed the mood was quietness. He thought best to just relax and enjoy the moment. After a while, Juan rolled over, and put his leg over on Leo, while Leo stroked Juan’s chest. The bakla gave a quick kiss on the mouth. In turn, Soriano pushed himself on top of Leo, then slid down, and put himself between the legs of Leo. He gently stroked Leo’s erection, and pulled up the legs, and massaged behind Leo’s eggs, near the anus. Juan gave Leo a questioning look, as if to say, “Can I please?” Leo nodded in return. 
Juan got up, and got some coconut cooking oil from his food supplies, and came back to the mattress, and put it down. He dipped his index finger into the oil, and then gently reached behind Leo’s eggs, and inserted it into the anus. He moved it in and out, and for Leo, it was wonderful. 
Leo then poured a little onto two fingers, and stroked it on Juan’s erection, and then applied it inside his own anus. He then got on all fours, and put his butt up in the air, signaling Juan to enter. Juan first massaged the area around the anus, relaxing it, and gently pulling his partners eggs down. Then, he gently pushed himself in. Halfway there, Leo asked for more lube, and Juan pulled out a bit, and dripped some on his head, and went slowly, fully in. Juan then put some oil on his right hand and reached underneath to stroke Leo. At every push he made, he would also stroke Leo. 
For Leo, this was heaven, even if it reminded him how a carabao was milked. Juan wasn’t just after his own satisfaction, but Leo’s as well. And to feel the erection of Juan, although not as big as Mendoza, was tight because of his own erection. Every stroke of Juan’s penis, he massaged the root of Leo’s erection. Leo didn’t want to get his juice on the bed sheets, so he put the already semen-stained T shirt below him. He moved around his butt a little bit, so Juan could have variety in his stroking. Both boys quickly came with a groan, with Leo gripping his anus around the Soriano’s erection. Leo wiped himself off and then lay down with Juan still on top, inside of him.
For a minute, Soriano just lay there, still a bit breathless, then pulled himself up, and wiped himself down. Then he lifted up Leo by the hips and put his butt up in the air and wiped the white juice still in the anus.
“Can you blow out all the air?”
Leo let out an airy fart that didn’t smell. “Yeah, that should be it.”
“Ok, I think I got most of it now. I really stretched it out. It’s like a PNR train tunnel! I will get some water and wipe it down just a little bit more, and then we go to sleep!”
 “Hey, you are really taking care of me Soriano!”
“Well, I used you, it’s the least I can do.”
“And Juan, why on earth did your bakla buddy abandon you? Did you do this to him too?”
“Of course. I wanted him clean.”
“He must have been real stupid. You are so sweet Soriano!”
“Ok, there, one more wipe and then we go to sleep. We can sleep naked since nobody is here but us two. You have got enough space there Leo?”
“I am already in dreamland sir!”
“Good night. We sleep in tomorrow. Sweet dreams!”
With that, Leo leaned over and gave Soriano a kiss on the lips. Leo put his knee over his partner’s leg, and almost immediately fell into blissful asleep. 

Chapter 14

November 15, 1941
Leo had done much work to make the community meeting a big success. Lieutenant Soriano, the principal of V. Mapa High School, and Leo planned a meeting of concerned parents. This was to give advice to civilians in case of war in Manila. Leo’s civic group and Soriano organized the meeting. They had a unique speaker, a missionary who had just returned from China. The V Mapa High School auditorium was packed, and they had to put speakers outside in the parking assembly area. The city of Manila had sent a representative from Emergency Services, as well as the district officer of the Department of Education. 
After the introductions, Leo introduced his neighbor, the missionary Alfredo Urbano. It was a frightening presentation.
Father Urbano said that he lived and worked in the last four years with the American Dominicans in a missionary in Suzhou, China, which is just north of Shanghai. He also was in contact with other missionaries in China, who had similar stories to tell. 
He stressed just because this was his experience in China, it might be entirely different than what might happen in Manila. Maybe the Japanese would be better than the Americans had been. Or maybe the Japanese would be worse than they are in China. But this was his story. 
“Our town was taken over by Japanese troops in 1937. We have been under military occupation since that time. Actually, few shots were fired upon the takeover, the Nationalists just fled, robbing the markets and warehouses with what they could take before the Japanese troops came in. 
“My advice to the people of Manila, in case war breaks out, as soon as things settle down, get out. Leave Manila. The Japanese need food, Filipinos can starve to death for all they care. No food is produced in any city, food must be trucked in. So food has to come into Manila, and soldiers will set up checkpoints and seize food for themselves. The residents will get little food. You must move to the food source, and that is in the countryside.
“In the province, there are less soldiers, and you can grow your own food, and there can be many places to hide the food that you do have. In the city, you also need to hide your own food, but it is easy for the Japanese to grab food that comes in from the province. They will grab the food in the warehouse, and in the marketplace. They have guns, and you do not. So, you need to make a decision, what is more important, your job in the city, or your family’s life? What is more important, occupying your house and pray your family is unharmed and fed, or live in safety with relatives in the province? 
“There are few military targets in the province, so there are fewer soldiers. But here, the major city of government, trade, and industry, obviously is the target of the Japanese. So what can you expect? I will tell you a story:
“Our mission is in the main plaza. In many places such as ours, houses have no water faucets, instead the neighborhood has a water fountain on the town plaza, with an area to wash clothes and get water. Since everyone needs water, the Japanese have put sentries there, and took over a nearby house. 
“The Japanese military system is a system of humiliation. The generals degrade the captains, the captains the sergeants, the sergeants the enlisted men, and the enlisted men degrade the civilians. You must bow down to the Japanese sentry, low like this, otherwise, you will get slapped. The system is also sadistic. I have seen soldiers get beaten by irrational sergeants for imaginary infractions. Sometimes the enlisted men’s fingers are broken just for the hell of it. Soldiers think that’s normal, and so they practice their brutality on those they conquer. The Japanese system breeds cruel degradation, and they will practice it here. 
“But sometimes it goes beyond humiliation. For instance, just two months before I returned here, three Chinese men went to get water at 10pm at the plaza. The sentries were drunk, and didn’t like the attitude of the three Chinese men. They were beaten to death on the spot, and left to rot in the plaza. Their brothers had to pick them up the following day. Now, if our policemen, or even an American did that, he would be arrested and sent to jail. But nothing happened to these soldiers. Probably they told their commanding officer that the Chinese men needed to be taught a lesson. And that’s it. That’s the last you hear of it. 
I’ve seen countless men slapped by sentries. Sometimes even women get slapped. The soldiers slap people for no reason, and this is normal. But for us Filipinos, we would rather be punched than slapped. So you must learn to lose your dignity with calmness.
“On another occasion, a few months ago, a group of soldiers were taking a bath in the plaza. For them, taking a bath naked is a normal thing, never mind local customs. Just when they had finished up, this was a Sunday morning, two young women came out from our church, passing near the fountain. The girls didn’t really notice the soldiers, but the soldiers noticed them. They were chased and grabbed by the naked soldiers, and as one screamed, she was hit. The two were taken to their headquarters. Fourteen hours later, the girls were released, bruised, and could hardly walk, and their clothes torn to shreds. They had been repeatedly raped by a squad of soldiers. 
“Ok, so what did we do about it? Nothing! We stayed quiet, we learned our lesson. Before, on another rape case, our Father Gunther went and appealed to the Japanese captain. Even if he was a priest, and German, their ally, he was beaten up. We had to pick him up, and he still has missing teeth and he limps. The commanding officer of the garrison told him he was lucky to be alive.
“I am not telling you exceptional cases. Girls get raped and held for months in our town. People disappear without a trace. If we ask where they went, we might get arrested and beaten. 
“Most of us are going hungry and we are just living day to day, trying to count our blessings. If a male is slapped, hit, teeth broken, you say, well at least you are still alive. If a girl is raped, well, at least you are still alive! That is all we can do by the grace of God. We survive. 
“So, if you need for some reason to stay in Manila, get a shortwave radio, and don’t tell your neighbors about it. Buy extra canned goods and rice now, and hide this too. Don’t tell your neighbors. The less people know about it, the better for you and for them. People often break down under pressure, and will tell on you for their own personal gain. The occupation has brought out the worst in the Chinese, and I’m sure it will bring out the worst in the Filipino as well.
“If for some reason, you own a car, sell it before the invasion. The Japanese like cars, they cherish American brands. They also like American watches. You will end up donating these to them. Gas stations will only serve the Japanese. Same thing with electricity, have back up kerosene lanterns. You can buy flashlights, but you will need batteries. Our batteries come from the United States, and trade will be cut off. 
“What about your daughters? Suggest to them that they get married now, because a married woman is less desirable to the rapists rather than an un-married one. Cut the girl’s hair short, and put charcoal on her face so she doesn’t look good in public. Caution your sons to be patient and not to explode if they are humiliated in public. Being humiliated is better than getting bones broken or shot dead. 
“Society will be governed not by laws, but by the rifles of invaders. If it turns out anything like China, it will be a nightmare. Thank you for listening to my story.”
Silence reigned over the auditorium for about thirty seconds, and then pandemonium broke out. The people got panicky. The principal had to get the microphone to call for order. There were endless questions. 
While the missionary priest was answering questions, Leo put up manila paper suggesting the following:
1.Buy flashlight
2.Learn some Japanese
3.Make a hiding place in your house, and don’t tell the neighbors.
4.Buy a shortwave radio if possible.
5.Learn how to duck for cover if there is shooting in the neighborhood. 
6.Sell your car soon.
7.Move to the countryside with relatives
8.Tell the boys to be patient, and not hot-headed.
9.Tell the girls to get married, or get a tom-boy haircut. 
10.Talk to your family and neighbors about an emergency plan. 
11.Withdraw some money from the bank and keep American dollars. 
12.Store water in case of cut-off.

Not everyone was excited about how the meeting went. The city official complained to Leo because if the press got a hold of it, it might start panic buying. The presentation was too frightening, and shouldn’t be talked about. Leo replied though it was better to have panic buying before an invasion, rather than when the place gets invaded. Because by then, there might be real panic with little food supplies available. 
Although the Dept. of Education representative thought it was a little premature, he found the presentation very effective, and that he would talk to his superiors about more public meetings be made. 
Leo and Soriano were impressed with the missionary’s presentation, because he didn’t hide the seriousness of the possible situation. The principle was also impressed, and urged Leo to do more public meetings.


Afterwards, Leo and Soriano, bringing with him a few of his cadet officers went for beer near the school. It was a Saturday night, and Leo and Soriano were still excited about how the meeting went. Leo still did carry a few misgivings about it though. 
“You know, we wouldn’t have to be making these presentations if the United States had decided early on to prioritize protecting us.”
“True Leo, but of course, they are going to think about their own defense first, and not ours,” replied Soriano. “We were the ones demanding independence, now. It wasn’t their idea, it was ours. We should have prioritized national defense in 1934.”
“But I read somewhere one of the reasons why the US congress voted to grant us independence was because we were a magnet for attack in an Asian war,” added Leo.
“So, yes, but now they seem to be saying that they will defend us 100%. But the rumors are, that the USA will indeed be forced to retreat if there is a major invasion,” replied a ROTC cadet.
“Might be right! Roosevelt is still making threats against Japan, while leaving us out to dry,” said Leo
“But Leo,” Soriano said, “Right now, the Japanese have more aircraft carriers and battleships that the USA has. The USAFFE just might be forced to retreat. The USA has been talking about how tough they are against the Japanese, but that is sometime in 1943.”
“Yeah, but one reason they don’t like the Japanese is because they are Asians, like us!” observed another cadet.
“Yes, I agree, they are being racist and underestimating the enemy. But Japan is indeed a nasty conqueror. Remember what the missionary said!” observed a cadet.
“Oh, agreed, but what I’m saying is that they underestimate the Japanese, at our own peril. Our peril, because we are the ones who will be left out to get invaded, said Soriano. 
“But are we talking about this invasion, like it is inevitable? Isn’t that a bit defeatist Soriano?” said Leo.
“Yes, it is being defeatist. But I know, from a good source, the American war department has little faith in MacArthur and Quezon’s war plans. The top brass think it’s too little too late. So what about US military planning? Some are saying, very quietly, that if attacked, their forces will retreat, and not try to fight it out. In other words, the more B-17 heavy bombers they send us, the more they might lose if the Japanese invade. The more troop they send, the more that might have to surrender. That is reality. The Americans won’t admit it, but that’s it. The Japanese navy, if it wanted to, can stop supplies from reaching the Philippines. And the more the USA supplies us, the more the Americans will lose.”
“Shit. It is clear now. So MacArthur has been stringing us along all this time, giving us false hopes! This is bad news Soriano,” replied Leo. 
“Not all of it is MacArthur’s fault. He has been way too optimistic yes, but he has always thought that the USA would never give up his islands. That was never his plan. It’s just now, it is dawning upon him, not everyone in the War Department feels the same way he does.”
“So the Philippines, we are the sacrificial lambs?” asked a cadet. “Maybe if America wasn’t here, making these threats against Japan, we won’t have gotten invaded?”
Soriano responded, “No, not true bro. Look at Vietnam, the French never said anything against the Japanese, and they were taken over. Look at China. Those Nationalists tried to avoid a conflict with the Japanese, and they were invaded anyway. No, we would be attacked just because we have resources that Japan wants. And our archipelago is blocking their way to Malay States and Dutch East Indies.”
But the cadet asked again, “But didn’t President Quezon go to Tokyo secretly to try to cut a deal with the Japanese not to invade us?”
Leo answered, saying “Yes, he tried to make a deal. But Tokyo knows that his hands are tied. According to the independence law, our foreign policy is still controlled by the Americans until we get full independence in 1945. So Quezon was just trying to cut a deal, that wouldn’t have worked. But he was desperate, knowing that Tokyo is soon going to invade us.”
“I think we need another basket of beer. This conversation is getting depressing!”
“Yes, another basket!” Leo waved his arms, holding the empty basket. “Well, we have to face events logically, and calmly. It looks like war is on the horizon. In Tokyo, the prince, who mostly wanted peace, was replaced by General Tojo and a military cabinet. It is a pro-war cabinet.” 
“But look sir, the Japanese are still meeting with the Americans in Washington DC, to try to work out a peace deal.”
“Their whole thing is a bunch of baloney. I think they are planning a surprise attack,” Soriano butted in. “Study their history. Just like what they did against Russia in 1905. Surprise attack the enemy. All the while acting like they want to talk things out. And look at the Japanese in the here, they act innocent, but some of them are spies.”
“Besides,” continued Soriano, “the Americans have cut off the oil supplies and surplus metal shipments to Japan, and they gave an ultimatum to Tojo. Japan imports all of its steel and from USA. Withdraw from China and Vietnam if you want the oil and metal shipments to continue. So, Japan has only two choices. Withdraw its military, or go for broke and try to beat up the USA.”
“But sir, it sounds convincing, but surely they can’t expect to beat up the USA!”
“But they think they can do it, and that’s what’s important cadet,” added Leo. 
“Right now their navy and army is larger than America’s. So if they make a swift advance, they will hope that the Americans will quickly give up, and let the Japanese manage East Asia,” observed another cadet.
“But, Sir Soriano, what will the USAFFE do? What are their plans?” asked a cadet.
“There are a variety of plans. I don’t know which one MacArthur, or the US War Department will choose. But of course, these plans are being kept secret. Of course, MacArthur wants to fight it out here, before they can take over Manila. But we don’t know what will happen.”
“But lieutenant, may I ask you, on a personal level, just what are your plans in case of an invasion?” asked Leo.
“Que sera sera! Sergeant Alcoreza, I am just an officer, a lowly officer, in the eyes of MacArthur, I am a mere housefly. I go where the general, and my country sends me.”
“Sir, you are giving a vague answer,” noted a cadet.
“Look, right now, I don’t have my own rifle! Less than 25% have their own rifle. And these rifles are World War One surplus! We lack discipline, and lack training. One in five soldiers have never heard artillery before! We lack ammunition. The B-17s that you heard about before, they are only arriving now, and they are only thirty. 
"The problem is not lack of soldiers, but lack of weapons and training to use the weapons. We could get more soldiers, but they have no more equipment. Shooting at the invaders with a wooden rifle? ‘Bang bang, you are dead!’ All of this discussion about the problems of the civilians is bad enough, and as you know, as soldier we are not supposed to complain, but for us, we are sunk! The Japanese have been fighting in China for nearly ten years, they have experience, and the equipment. Us, nothing!”
“So you have lots of men, but little equipment?”
“Yes, oh we have 100,000 men, all ill-equipped. We got rubber shoes that melt in the rain. We don’t have mosquito nets, soap, tents or medicines. Even the simple things we lack. 
Leo still had questions. “But you have the Constabulary, they are good troops aren’t they?”
“Oh yes, they are good,” answered Soriano. “They are excellent out in the field. But their target has been bandits, not armies.”
“I think that the American military was resentful of our quest for independence, and essentially thought, well screw them, if they wanted independence so bad, let them provide for their own military. We only have gotten real help in the last two years,” added Leo.”
The talkative cadet nodded, adding, “And Field Marshall MacArthur was way too optimistic. How was modern military going to be cheap, when it’s always expensive?”
“There is one other problem that we face,” declared Soriano. “We are an archipelago. Of course, to defend a group of islands you need a strong navy. But, the overwhelming force in modern warfare is airplanes. That is shown in the Battle of Britain. Hitler could not conquer the island because of British air power. 
“In an archipelago, all you need to do is to conquer one island that has an airfield on it. With that, you have an unsinkable aircraft carrier. We have hundreds of islands, and how can we defend them all? Say the Japanese conquer Leyte. They put an air base there, and they can easily bomb the entire Philippines from that central location. So just one island that gets conquered, it puts all of us in danger.”
“Lieutenant Soriano, maybe you shouldn’t have said that. We were already depressed!” remarked Leo.
“Well, yes, I was looking at a map this afternoon and saw the problem. Sorry to have brought it up.”
“Don’t you have any positive things to say Soriano?”
“Ok, positive. Reinforcements are being sent in from the United States as we speak. Those thirty Boeing B-17s were not there last year, and now they are here. Heavy cruisers and destroyers have come into Cavite shipyards. Nearly 100 P-40s fighters, the best the USA has, are now stationed in Clark. So no, it’s not all bad. We stand a fighting chance in case we are attacked.” 
A cadet suggested, “You know, maybe we should end our conversation on that. That might be the only positive thing that comes out of this evening. The rest, starting with the presentation was all bad news. And yes, while I agree with Mr. Alcoreza here that we need to look at the facts, this whole thing has got me worried. So let’s just let it rest tonight? Ok?”
“Yes, I think so. Let it rest,” agreed Leo. “I just want to unwind sometimes, and bad thoughts keep coming up.” 
“Yes, gentlemen, when it comes right down to it, there isn’t much we can do anyway. Outside of preparing our families and ourselves, with the little we have, we have to pray and hope. And drink! Mabuhay Philippines!” declared the lieutenant. 

Chapter 15

December 8, 1941
Leo was sound asleep early Monday morning. An insomniac neighbor, Mister Garcia, who often stayed up at night, was listening to his shortwave radio as was his habit. He heard first from shortwave, and then from commercial radio programs, that Pearl Harbor in Hawaii was bombed by Japanese airplanes. Surprised, much of the US navy had been sunk. Hundreds of aircraft had been blown up. The situation turned into a panic in that US territory.
The neighbor had been to the civic group meeting. Now he banged and banged on Alcoreza door waking the whole family. Shocked, Leo turned on the family radio and heard the sketchy details. Leo tried to go back to sleep, but couldn’t. Obviously, Japanese aircraft carriers had carried out the attack. The only good thing was that there was no mention of sinking American aircraft carriers. Hopefully that would mean they were not hit. 
Later at breakfast, the family huddled around the radio. They heard that about 10 battleships were sunk or badly damaged, and many other ships had gone down. Many aircraft too were shot up. Some thought that an invasion of the Hawaiian Islands would be attempted now. Leo guessed that with this attack on Pearl Harbor, the USA would not want to risk a big defense of the Philippines. Their navy might lose even more ships trying to defend the archipelago, while cautious American leaders would not want to lose Hawaii. That would be the priority, not the Philippines. 
MacArthur was aware of the attack, and was making plans for a counterattack, the radio reported. Leo thought this was false, he probably was preparing for defense of the Philippines from his headquarters at the Manila Hotel. He would be worried about possible landings by the Japanese army and bombing raids over Clark air base. Invading the Philippines was much more likely than invading Hawaii. After all, Japanese bombers from Formosa to the north could bomb many targets right now in the Philippines. They wouldn’t need an aircraft carrier. Regardless, the radio reported that all classes at all levels were cancelled for the day, so at least Leo would not have to go to work.
What should Leo do? He suggested to his mom that Francis and her do some panic buying of rice and canned goods, before the shelves were emptied at the grocery stores. He also thought that they should buy a water container in case of water cutoff. Just because Leo was in charge of the civic group didn’t mean he had follow their advice. 
Leo was anxious, wanting to do something, but what? He felt a need to see Soriano. He might know what to do. Besides, he hadn’t seen him in a week. But where would he be? The best place would be Fort Santiago, in the ROTC headquarters. 
Leo could have walked, or taken the horse drawn cart, but he was in a rush, so he took the bus on España, and then the street car on Azcarraga at Avenida Rizal. Actually, few people were out, and fewer still were walking around. Most were in small groups talking, exchanging rumors. He even heard from the bus conductor there was a Japanese warship in Manila bay! The scuttlebutt was crazy.  
The fear of the unknown, and the inevitable is scary. Leo felt like he should be doing something, but then, he had been scheduled to give a preparedness talk at another high school, but now it probably would be cancelled. 
At the crossing of the Pasig River on the Jones Bridge, he heard an air raid warning. A bridge is the worst place to be in an attack, but he, and everyone else in the streetcar looked out and didn’t see anything. Of course it might be a false alarm, and there was not a sound in the sky. In fact, there were few sounds in the city either, things were eerily quiet. 
Yet, when they were passing the Interdencia building, Leo stuck his head out the window, and now, yes he heard propellers. What it was, and whose it was he didn’t know, but he decided to get off. He could walk just as well as ride on the streetcar. From the edge of the walls of Intramuros, he could see, high in the sky, large airplanes, bombers perhaps. He didn’t recognize them as Japanese or American, but it was frightening. 
Just then, from the first plane, he saw a small object drop away from the plane. It looked like it was headed towards Plaza Goiti, the place he had just left on the other side of the river. Then he saw another object drop, this time on his side of the river, aimed close to him. Leo was frozen in wonder as it seemed to float down. It looked aimed at him, but then it seemed to be missing him by a block. Perhaps. 
He could see the bomb now clearly, with the fins on the rear. There was another one, and another one! Leo finally snapped out of it, and jumped into the ditch beside the wall. So did four other strangers, right on top of Leo. 
That’s when they heard the blow, as the bomb hit some dirt about twenty feet away. Even though they were lying down, all of the men bounced up at the thud of the bomb. But the problem was when they landed back on him he could hardly breath. It felt like he had a broken rib or something. Son of a bitch. He tried getting up, but the men on top of him prevented it, and it was hard to yell because these guys were piled up on his back. Besides this ditch was had yucky water that smelled bad.
Leo started saying, in as loud as a voice as he could do, “No more bombs! Let me up! Let me up!” Finally, he could feel some movement above him, and the pile started to rise up. But he gasped when he saw who had been lying on top of him. Mendoza!
“Son of a bitch! Shit! Mister traitor!”
“Leo, don’t sound like that! I didn’t drop the bombs!”
“But you are the one who got the job at the goddamn Japanese embassy!”
“Ok, it was wrong! I know it now. But it was good money!”
“Yeah, good money, but what is the cost of your honor Mendoza!”
“Ok, it was a mistake, I admit it. I didn’t realize it at the time Leo. Honestly! I was stupid!”
 “And you just dropped me Mendoza!”
“I did you bad with the taxi dancer Cora. I’m sorry Leo.”
“Oh shit, it’s that too!”
Another man was overhearing their conversation. “You mean, he works at the Japanese embassy?”
“Oh no, not what you think sir. He was just a part time PE instructor on the weekends. He was a nobody there.”
“Was he training the Japs?”
“In calisthenics. That’s all. Yes, he may be an idiot, but not a traitor.”
“Ok, I just overheard.” 
“If he was really a traitor, I would have killed him already. Promise sir!”
“Ok. Shit, I think there is a fire,” another man added.
“Damn. That looks like where Letran is. That’s a lot of smoke!”
“Maybe we should go over there now. There’s no classes now, but there still might be people trapped,” suggested the man.
“Good idea. I wasn’t doing much anyway.”
“I will follow you Leo.”
“Look, Mendoza, last time I saw you, you essentially told me to leave you alone.”
“Leo, I am sorry. I really am.”
“Like shit you are.”
“Are you two guys ok?”
“Yes sir. We used to be in a relationship together. I was a fool, a rude fool,” admitted Mendoza.
With this, the man’s jaw dropped.
“Mendoza! First things first. Fire! Let’s go deal with the fire, and no drama.”
“Ok, I just wanted to say I am sorry Leo. We can go now.”
“Ok, let’s get going! There is a small gate just over there.”
As the group was running towards the fire, Leo was thinking my goodness, what a creep. If he was so sorry, why didn’t he say this last week? Last month? He got so angry with Mendoza, expecting me to drop everything and go run to his side. Probably Cora has forgotten him already. So he wants it to return to how it was before. Such a thick face! And what is he doing jumping on me? Was he stalking me or something?
The fire was big, and getting bigger. Some people had been in the wooden building evidently, and were standing around looking dazed. In the distance they could already hear sirens. It was a three-story building covering an entire block, the fire all over the place. Because the fire was primarily on the first floor, working its way upwards, without a ladder there was not much they could do. The men searched around for a garden hose or something, but came up with nothing. The only thing they could do is help clear out valuable items from a small building at Calle Anda and Muralla streets, for the building was threatened by spreading flames. 
The sky was clear now of airplanes. Leo was thinking they must have been aiming to spread terror, and also perhaps aiming for Fort Santiago, the big American army outpost. They certainly were successful in spreading terror, Leo thought. But more effective would have been to attack the air fields at Clark and other places. Hopefully the Americans are not asleep like they were in Hawaii. 
As the men rested after taking out things from the building, its roof caught on fire from the Letran building fire. The fire was mesmerizing. It was so huge, 
“Leo, what were you doing here?”
“I was going to see Soriano. I thought he might be at ROTC, Fort Santiago.”
“Oh. I was going there myself.”
“Why bother? They might arrest you for spying!”
“Leo, I wasn’t spying! You know me better than that.”
“Ok, they might arrest you for being stupid!”
“Leo! Ok, I was stupid. Please forgive me.”
“Look, Mendoza, I really cannot talk about this right now. Not today.”
“Ok. By the way Leo, you look bad. You want to change at my boarding house?”
It was only then that Leo gave himself a look over. It was a smelly black mud covering the front side of his clothes. Over his nice ivory slacks! The shoes could be brushed up, and the undershirt could be washed, but it would be hard to get rid of stains on the pants.
“Yeah, shit, it does look bad.”
“Do you want to change clothes at my boarding house? We can just walk there now!”
“No! I don’t want to do that. I will just go home. There is not much I can do here, now that the firemen arrived. So I will go home. Goodbye Mendoza.”
“But Leo—”
“Leave it for some other place and time. Good luck!”
“Do you want me to escort you home Leo?”
“No! This is a bad day Mendoza. Bye!”
Leo left, without looking back, crossing the golf course to the front of Manila City Hall, from there he took a bus that went up España. On the way home there was no sign of any war damage. But everyone was talking to one another. It seemed like he was the only war damage they could find. A couple of people tried to sit next to him on the bus, but then moved when they smelled him. Leo was in such a bad mood, he felt it was just as well. This way, he could have the whole seat to himself. 
And he never did see Soriano, but then again, the lieutenant was probably busy. So Leo thought, I need to learn the art of patience, in a day that could only bring impatience. 
Upon reaching home, Leo listened to the radio. It seemed that in spite of the eight hours advance notice, most of the planes at Clark air base were caught on the ground, and most were destroyed. He remembered the complacency, the laziness of the Americans. Probably they had been drinking the night before, and they forgot to check their radios. In fact, not even checked the commercial radio stations. MacArthur holed up in the penthouse of the Manila Hotel, probably sitting on his hands. That’s where the Japanese should have bombed, thought Leo. Those lousy Americans! They couldn’t believe that the Japanese could give a good fight! 
Oh, the arrogance of Americans over Asians! Saying how weak the Japanese were, and now look at the whites! Their planes destroyed, their navy destroyed, and now their grip on the Philippines imperiled. Yet of course, the Americans are suffering, but who will suffer more? The Filipinos, the ones the Americans pledged to protect. 

Chapter 16

December 12, 1941
The radio kept reporting, factual or not, that they recieved phone calls stating that there were Japanese on the beaches in Legaspi, Aparri, Camuguin, Vigan, and Davao. The Japanese seemed all over the place, and from MacArthur, not a word was heard. He had said before that the USAFFE would drive the invaders into the sea, but instead, it looked like MacArthur was waiting to be rescued on a faraway beach.
The few remaining B-17s had managed to bomb a few troop transports, but the American navy made no opposition to any landing. Instead, the big bombers were flown south towards Australia, away from the fighting. The whole thing was turning out as Soriano predicted. In the face of an invasion, the American plan was to retreat fast.
Leo was in anguish. If the Americans wanted men to defend Luzon, he could volunteer. Many would join him. But they needed leadership from the Americans, and the weapons to do the job. He did understand the problem, there just wasn’t enough weapons, and little way to get them to Manila. The Japanese navy was already in the British Malay States, had taken Hong Kong, and were going strong against the Dutch East Indies. Since the bombing at Pearl Harbor, the American navy seemed unwilling to lose more ships against a superior force. One half of their Pacific fleet was sunk. It just seemed like MacArthur’s strategy was give it up without a fight. 
Throughout this time, there were no classes, and Leo like the rest of Manila was glued to the radio. They didn’t have a shortwave, but did find out that the British warships Prince of Wales and Repulse were sunk by Japanese bombers off the Malayan peninsula, while the Japanese were quickly marching towards Singapore. Leo thought it was a bit funny too, because he had overheard some Americans comment that the Japanese would never be good pilots because they squinted with their slanted eyes. Well, that showed them! 
He finally did find his friend Soriano at his boarding house on Friday, December 12th. He was leaving the following day to Pangasinan, to join his ROTC troop. Soriano admitted he still didn’t have his own rifle, but he was going to fight anyway. 
“But Soriano, what’s going to happen to us in Manila?”
“How in the hell am I supposed to know Leo! Do you think MacArthur listens to me or something?”
“So there is no plan yet?”
“Not that I know of. But everything is all balled up. The air force has no force, and the American navy has mostly gone south. And most army units have no artillery. So how can we hit landing boats?”
“Swim out there with hand grenades Soriano!”
“Shit, this is a serious matter Leo!”
“Tell you what. Since this might be the last time we are together for a long time, maybe I should get us some beer!”
“Ok! That is a great idea. I’m finished packing anyway, but I have to assemble at Fort Santiago at 6am tomorrow.”
“I’m glad I caught you before you left.”
“I’m glad too Leo. You always make me happy.”
“Great, but let me get some food too. I’m starving. Outside your house the little restaurant looked like they had some good beef kaldereta, so let’s get some of that and some rice and ampalaya too. Sounds ok sir?”
“Leo, you are swell!” With that, Soriano kissed Leo on the cheek. “I will go with you to buy the stuff.”
As they were eating, Leo tried to dig more information out of his friend. 
“So Soriano, what do you think MacArthur will do now?”
“One, this is very hush-hush Leo.” Soriano put his index finger on his lips. “This whole conversation. You cannot tell anyone. Don’t be a blabbermouth!”
“I promise not to tell!”
“Many of your countrymen’s lives depend on you not talking!”
“Ok, ok, I promise.”
“I’m just saying this because in war, lives depend on secrets. We Filipinos are not used to this. There have been many Japanese spies who got their information from loose talk. Ok?”
“I understand.”
“Well, if you can remember, MacArthur was, and is, an arrogant son of a bitch. He said he could easily defend us, when actually he could not. The War Department in Washington also thought he was too much. So they sent over many retreat plans, because they felt their armed forces couldn’t defend the archipelago with the weapons they had, until maybe 1943. So, if the Japanese attacked us now we would have to fall back.”
“And now, with Pearl Harbor bombed out, we are sort of sunk.”
“Exactly. So, the best plan that they came up with falls on Bataan and Corregidor.”
“Corregidor? That little island in Manila bay?”
“Yes, it’s a top-secret military installation.”
“Well, I know it has guns.”
“It has huge, disappearing-after-being-fired guns. They are huge 14-inch guns with range up to 30 kilometers. No ship can use Manila bay if Corregidor and its neighbor Fort Drum are not conquered.”
“But if the Japanese bomb it?”
“There are bomb proof tunnels.”
“Oh, but maybe the Japanese know this already.”
“But they can’t move a ship in or out of the bay without passing under the American guns. In all of this, of course the place is not impregnable, it can be taken, but it will cost the Japanese dearly.”
“So you think the army will retreat to Corregidor?”
“Oh no, the island is too small. But I think MacArthur will be forced to retreat to Bataan. This was the plan made up before the war. If he does it right, Bataan can hold out until America sends in reinforcements.”
“You mean Soriano, he planned a retreat to Bataan all the while he was saying that they were going to drive the enemy into the sea if they try to land?”
“Well, you know Americans! Say one thing and do another! Just to keep us quiet!”
“Oh shit, that arrogant jerk!”
“Ok, but remember he is following orders too. Who knows! Maybe he believed it, but now, here comes President Roosevelt ordering a retreat, who knows!”
“You mean, they plan to surrender Manila too?”
“Yes, because Manila itself is not useful, unless you have the harbor. And if the harbor is penned up by Corregidor, well the Japanese can’t use the city as a transport center. And for the Japs to take Corregidor, they have to take Bataan, so they can launch landing boats from the side that is closest.”
“So you think the Americans will just surrender the city?”
“Yes, which is probably for the best, considering that many civilians would get caught in the crossfire. But Leo, remember MacArthur hasn’t talked to me!”
“Well, that is a mistake! He should talk to Lieutenant Soriano, so he would know what to do!”
“He wouldn’t even return my phone calls!”
“What a rude son of a bitch!”
“Yes, he is going to face defeat unless he talks to me right away!”
“Exactly, he is so arrogant! And saying everything was ready to go, that we could defend ourselves, but we were not prepared. And he was the one who was supposed to prepare us!”
“Well, Leo, we will need a lot of patience now.”
“This is hard for me to do Soriano. To say goodbye to you!”
“Let’s just drink another beer, and be merry. Who knows, tomorrow we might die!”
“Sir, do you think I can join you going up to Pangasinan?”
“Well, you can try Leo. It’s going to be at 8am, with trucks leaving from UST España for all ROTC men.”
“Hey, I will be there Soriano! Right beside you! Classes are suspended until after the new year anyway.”
“Well, do not fear Leo, we won’t return before new year!”
“Oh, I know, but I’m just saying, no one is going to miss me anytime soon. So I can go meet the Japanese invasion!”
“Kanpai! Oh shit, we shouldn’t say that! Cheers!”
“We will say Kanpai only when the Japanese arrive.”
“We won’t even say it then. Those two-faced bastards,” remarked Soriano..
“So you don’t know where you will be going?”
“To fight the invasions in the north. That’s all the orders are. To the north, Ilokano country!”
“Cheers! To help the Ilocanos!”
“Soriano, do you want me to go to your room? I don’t think I should spend the night though, because I will have to pack my things.”
“What time is it?”
“11pm.”
“Maybe not Leo, I too have to pack. Besides, I’m on edge as it is.”
“Maybe for something quick, and then I could go?”
“No, that’s ok. I’m not really in the mood for that right now. My brain is racing I have to think about what to do with myself, and then what to do with my men.”
“Ok, I understand. It’s going to be hard for me to discuss this with my mom and kuya. So I have to think about that too.”
“Yes, we should just blow this joint. But give me a hug when we get outside.”
“Ok, but remember, I will see you soon, in about nine hours.”
“That you will. Please just be patient when you get there. We are not organized!” 
“Don’t worry, I am not expecting much.”


The next morning, Leo was at UST at 8:15am. He had wanted to tell his mom he was leaving, but since she was off to church, he avoided it. 
This was a blessing thought Leo. If he talked to his mom, it would break her heart. Actually, it would break his heart too. How to go off against overwhelming odds to fight a war? It was likely he’d die. He didn’t think she would welcome the prospect of him dying for the nation. The kuya supported him, and so did Francis. That was enough for Leo. 
But alas, when Leo got to University of Santo Tomas, there were only two trucks, and both were already filled with men. He did see Soriano on board, so Leo climbed up the railings to talk to him. 
“Sorry Leo, we are already filled up!”
“But you said trucks Soriano! These are only two regular Ford trucks, filled with say 40 men.”
Soriano put up his hands in surrender, saying, “Well, don’t blame me Leo. I’m not the one in charge of this war. I would think they would have filled up a few trains. But no, it’s a couple of small trucks.” 
“But I want to join!” 
“Well you can’t. They only allowed active duty ROTC guys aboard. So no go sir!”
“But I wanna go fight!”
“Hey look behind you Leo, there is Mendoza!”
“Shit, why is he here!”
“Probably the same reason why you are here.”
Mendoza climbed up too, with his backpack on his shoulders.
“Hi guys!”
In a monotone, Leo asked, “What are you doing here?”
“Hey, isn’t a guy allowed to volunteer to fight for his homeland?”
“And you care, really Mendoza? After what you have done?”
“Leo, stop it. Don’t be an ass. Now is not the time,” advised Soriano with his index finger in the air.
“Yes, and why not! What I did was wrong, and I admit that,” as Mendoza put his hands up in prayer. “Now I want to volunteer.”
“So why bother?”
“Leo! Stop it. Now, both of you, you are not going to get on this truck. You two can go home now.”
“But I want to serve Soriano!” implored Mendoza.
“Look, honestly Mendoza, I know you do. But, we don’t have enough weapons anyway for a lot of guys volunteering. The army can’t send men into battle without a rifle. As it is now, we are going to get thrown in the front lines without proper training. Many of these guys have never been fired on by artillery, or even heard of artillery going off. So don’t wish too much you were on this truck.”
“So what can we do then?”
“Just go back home and wait it out! What else can I say?”
Leo then asked, “Do you think that some soldiers, if Japan does take over, some soldiers, might form guerrilla fighter outfits?”
“Leo, don’t let me answer that question, that is a Mendoza question! Mendoza, the Sakdalista? Well, will they fight with or without the USAFFE?”
“My dad says they will, with or without you guys. That’s his guess.”
“You mean those leftist farmers? They will fight the Japanese with their bolos?” asked Leo.
“Yes,” replied Soriano, “the popular front, anti-fascist groups will fight You can join up with them, or with the Philippine Military Academy guys. I think they will be forming a group too.”
“Shit Soriano, you are really on top of this.”
“This is my job Leo. Army intelligence. You want me to introduce you to a PMA friend?”
“Yes, please.”
“You also want to Mendoza? No commitments, just to get in contact.”
“Yes I do,” answered Mendoza.
“Then give me a minute to get off this truck. Just a minute gentlemen!”
Soriano talked to the men beside him as he slowly made his way off the truck. The truck was jam packed with standing men, who didn’t want to get off the truck for fear of someone taking their place. As Soriano was near the tailgate, he talked to another officer, who after some explanation, agreed to let Soriano back up again. 
Soriano took his two friends aside and told them about a PMA graduate. This boy was not being allowed to join up because he was only 17, not eighteen. This was USAFFE rules, which were dumb. 
Soriano said that the conversation was a confidential one, that his friend could get in trouble if pro-Japanese Filipinos find out about his organizing. Mendoza and Leo both agreed. Soriano said to the two to stand right there, beside the truck and wait for his return.
After just two minutes, Soriano signaled the boys to come. Leo and Mendoza followed Soriano, who introduced them to a short, but muscular boy.
“Leo Alcoreza, Manuel Mendoza, this is Terry Adevoso. He graduated from the PMA just last June, but is not being allowed to fight in the USAFFE, because of his age. Terry, these two friends are trustworthy, and leaders in the ROTC of Philippine Normal. Both are teachers. I can vouch for them. Now, I cannot get involved in this discussion. Perhaps you just want to be introduced, and exchange phone numbers or addresses or something? I leave you now.”
As Soriano was saying this, the two trucks started up, and gunned their engines. Leo turned and quickly hugged Soriano, and then the lieutenant ran towards his truck, jumped on, and off it went. 
“Sorry sir, I had to say goodbye!”
“Let’s go over where the bleachers are. There are a couple of other boys interested as well. We can talk better over there.”
There were about ten boys who gathered on the junior football field bleachers. Since schools were closed, there were few on campus. 
While they were walking over, one of the boys told Leo and Mendoza, “Hey I know you two! We did a bivouac together in Rizal last year!” 
“That was us! I forgot your name?”
“Ferdinand! And Terry, these guys got medals from that trip.”
“Did you?” asked Terry.
“Yeah, but it was really nothing.”
“No, these two are good, serious fighters sir.”
“Well, that’s good to hear.”
Leo thought, at least he didn’t identify us as a bakla, that might have caused a problem. 
As they talked, Leo found out that most of the boys were engineering students, some from UST, others from Mapua and Adamson. He and Mendoza were the only two teachers, and the only two from Philippine Normal. Only a couple had access to rifles, although all had fired guns before.
Terry explained to the boys what guerrilla warfare was. He said that if the Philippines gets taken over by the enemy, he wanted to start a fighting unit up in Antipolo. Terry said that he had relatives up there that could supply them with occasional food and information. The mountains there were thickly forested, and they could hide there. 
Although the guerrilla groups could not defeat large companies of soldiers, enemy soldiers harassing Filipino farmers could be stopped and killed. The group could provide information to USAFFE troops on Japanese troop movements outside of Manila. They could ambush small parties of enemy soldiers. 
Whoever volunteered to serve with the guerrillas would have to know that they agreed to fight until the nation was cleared of the Japanese, and that might take years. If captured, the Japanese might kill a civilian fighter. And, they would not get any salary. And, they would be living in crude conditions for the next few years. Medical help would be primitive, and that there probably would be no contact with their relatives until the conflict stopped. If anyone had a girlfriend, or a wife, it would be nearly impossible to see them, or even write them letters. 
What about rifles, one boy asked. Terry answered that he was still collecting about rifles used for ROTC in the Manila area. He was confident of getting about 15 rifles with ammunition. And of course, if anyone knew of a supply of rifles, they could inform him. Terry added medical supplies were also important because in the forest, injuries, snake bites, sicknesses and bullet wounds killed. If anyone knew where to get cheap or free medical supplies tell him. 
Even if one of them was not joining, but could donate supplies or rifles or money, that too was important. Throughout the enemy occupation, contacts in Manila would be important, for supplies, troop movements, money or just information. So if they didn’t want to be a soldier, but give support that also would be great.
The group agreed to meet the following Saturday, December 20 at ten am at Luneta Park near Rizal’s statue. Until then, they could not discuss this group with others. It was too dangerous, and the news would quickly spread. Pro-Japanese Filipinos would try to arrest them. 
As the group broke up, Leo remarked to Mendoza, “Gosh, this is real! A major commitment!”
“Yes, it is Leo! Do you think you could survive in the forest without your Camay soap?”
“Snakes, scorpions, enemy soldiers, staying wet for weeks. I’m not sure which is worse!”
“Well, look at the USAFFE troops. They might be a regular army, but they too are so disorganized. And they too will be facing the same hardships.”
“Yeah, but Mendoza, the Japanese won’t kill them if they surrender. A guerrilla, well the Japanese just might kill them. And a soldier gets benefits, and help for their family if they die.”
“Yeah, but we don’t have a lot of choice.”
“And we wouldn’t get paid either.”
“Yeah, but on the other hand, remember what that priest said about China, that civilians often got killed or abused by the Japanese soldiers in the city,” replied Mendoza.
“What, how do you know what he said? You weren’t there.”
“Yes I was. I was outside the auditorium.”
“You were? I didn’t see you.”
“Because you were busy inside the auditorium.”
“Why didn’t you stop inside and say hello?”
“Oh, and get yelled at by you for being a Japanese spy? No thanks. Or maybe your brother Francis would be inside, and he would try to beat me up.”
“He wouldn’t have beaten you up.”
“Yeah, I would have beaten him up instead.”
“Mendoza! Stop it. You were the one who deserted me.”
“No, you were the one who walked out on our graduation date.”
“Oh my God. After you had the crush on a cheap taxi dancer, and wouldn’t leave her side.”
“I told you before we had a relationship I was a boy! So boys like girls!”
“Hey, and that’s fine Mendoza, but you don’t have to rub it on my nose, on our first real date together, and totally ignore me for an hour! While you were totally head over in heels in love with that girl!”
“Look Leo, and you didn’t have to walk out on me! Just like that!”
“You didn’t even notice me leave! And Mendoza, furthermore you could have just gone to the dance hall the following night, and danced with Cora, and taken her out afterwards. But you did it on our date, in front of me. And shit, I even paid the bill, asshole!”
This boy is so arrogant, thought Leo. Now he could see the stupid pea size brain of Mendoza was trying to figure out an answer for this, but could not.
“Sorry Leo,” he admitted in a small voice. 
Leo rolled his eyes and looked away. “And you know, when I ran into you at CEU, you were so rude. Just waving your hand at me like I was an unwanted beggar! A dog! Me, your ex-boyfriend.”
“Yes, I was so rude. I was so excited to have a girlfriend.”
“Ok, then if you have a girlfriend, why do you try to destroy me in the process?”
“At least I admitted my faults. I got carried away with that girl.”
Leo tried to pause and lose his self control. “Oh, and what happened with you two?”
“She met a businessman.”
‘With more dough than you have!”
“Maybe.”
“That’s what you get for having a taxi dancer as a girlfriend. With that type, the meter is always running.”
“Now I know. Sorry Leo. She said she loved me.”
“And you loved her, it reaffirmed your manhood. That a girl would be interested in you.”
“Yeah. I had a girlfriend.”
“And now, nothing?”
“Yes, nothing now.” 
“Let’s change the subject, can we? You have a problem being here. With this possible guerrilla group.”
“What do you mean Leo? What problem?”
“If they find out that you were an employee of the Japanese embassy.”
“Well, don’t tell them Leo! That would cause problems!”
“Yes, major problems. Look Mendoza, I trust you. Soriano trusts you. But say in the future, you are in the countryside, hiding out as a guerrilla fighter. Say, your group plans an ambush of a Japanese troop, but somehow, the Japanese saw it coming. It’s like they were forewarned. The guerrillas suffer heavy casualties. Then somehow, someone in your company finds out that you were an employee of the Japanese government, and you never told anyone before, they might just kill you, just to be on the safe side.”
“Shit, you better not say anything Leo!”
“Oh, would never. But what if, what if Mendoza! What if they find out!”
“Well, maybe I should tell them before I join up!”
“You could do that, but then you probably would get looked on suspiciously. These people don’t know you like I do.”
The two were silent for as they left UST through the Padre Naval gate. 
“Ok, then what should I do?”
“Well, if I were you, I would tell Terry straight out, first thing on Saturday, or beforehand if you know where he lives. Just to make it clear to him.”
“Maybe that’s a good idea.”
“Yes, a good idea.”
“But what about you? Do you need to say that you are bakla?”
“What does that have to do with anything? I am not an employee of the Japanese!”
“Just saying!”
 “Look, I don’t need to. You saw those Adamson students? They were on the bivouac with us. Those guys will gossip about me anyway.” 
“I guess you are right.” 
“You are thinking about joining up Mendoza?”
“I don’t know. I need to talk to my dad first.”
“Yes, and I need to talk to my family too.” 
“These are big decisions for us. Here we are at twenty-one years old, and we decide whether we are going to live or die.” Mendoza said.
“No, not quite. Because just continuing to live here in Manila under Japanese occupation? Why we might end up dead. Maybe not now, maybe there won’t be shots fired when the Japanese take over, but maybe there will be when the Americans and Filipino troops retake the place.”
“Or we might die of a heart attack!” 
“Exactly, it’s in God’s hands whatever our fate is. But our country needs us Mendoza. How can we best help our families, and our nation? I think that is our question.”
“You would be willing to join Terry’s guerrillas Leo?”
“Yes, if my family approves.”
“Maybe me too. Do you want me to walk you home?”
“No, it’s too messed up right now Mendoza. But thanks.”
“Do you think there is a chance for us again?”
“Maybe sir. We can talk about later this week.”
“I would like that. I will see you later this week Leo. I will go to your house.” With that, he gave a quick kiss on Leo’s cheek, and Leo waved him goodbye. 
On the way home, Leo was frowning. Was he being too nice to the stupid ex-boyfriend? Why was it that Mendoza kept on appearing in his life? It was like Mendoza felt Leo as a security blanket somehow. Or maybe Mendoza looked at it as if he needed to protect Leo, as a boy would protect a girl? 
No, he would not give Mendoza that much credit. Also, Mendoza was fickle, he could be very attached, and then forget his partner existed if a girl came along. Not so trustworthy. 

Chapter 17

December 16, 1941
The situation was getting worse by the day. Overseas Japan was scoring one victory after another. The East Indies was under attack, and the Netherlands itself, occupied by Nazi troops, could not defend its colony. The Japanese were invading from the Malay peninsula in rubber shoes and bicycles. They were advancing quickly, driving the British back down towards Singapore. They could easily attack the city from the northern swamps. The British found out that their “fortress Singapore” guns were pointed the wrong way, towards the seaward side. The island of Borneo was already conquered. Burma was now invaded. This was becoming a military disaster. 
A sense of abandonment enveloped the city. There were no more signs of American planes or ships. Every other day groups of Japanese airplanes flying unopposed bombed the city. Now at night, across the bay, flashes of light and occasional booms of distant artillery could be heard. The US navy left Cavite after one of their ships got hit, and obviously, the sailors were in no mood to fight. They retreated to Australia. Rumors had it that Philippine government officials were also planning to abandon the Philippines move to Australia. 

In the city, stores were cleaned out, and it wasn’t even Christmas yet. There were only a few soldiers left on the waterfront. Food was still coming in from the south, but evidently it was hard to ship stuff from the north, since the Japanese airplanes were hitting trucks on the road. The Americans opened up the Manila warehouses, and bought the food meant for civilian consumption, and sent it off on barges across the water to Bataan under the cover of darkness. Ships also left for Corrigedor Island. 
Leo was now thinking that Soriano had been correct, Bataan and Corregidor were going to be the strongholds of the USAFFE troops. The question was, could they be reinforced by the USA? Or would the Americans just let the troops die off? Would Manila just be given up without a fight? 
The whole thing was nuts, Leo thought. We have no sense of a plan, and the plans that are made for us are beyond our control. It’s demoralizing, but that’s what happens in war. You place your fate in people that you do not know, and that do not know you. And you hope for the best, even if the worst continues to happen. Maybe that was why the churches were crowded with people attending the early morning pre-Christmas services. These people were asking for divine guidance, since they were not getting any guidance from their mortal leaders. Everyone that he knew was short tempered, anxious, and many were drinking at night. 
Fortunately, the Manila police were doing their job. Long lines were formed outside the public markets to keep order, and to restrict purchases to minimal amounts. Poor mom, Leo thought, she often had to go alone to these never-ending lines. He and Francis did help out by standing in lines and getting up early before the food ran out. It was tiring for everyone. 
But there was one happy night in the midst of these troubles. The month before, November, kuya was offered good tickets at half price to see The Messiah, the Christmas symphony of George Handel. It was playing at the Metropolitan Theatre near city hall. The ticket offer was made to all employees of Bank of the Philippine Islands. No one in the family had ever been inside the grand art deco building, designed by Juan Arellano in the previous decade. And to see The Messiah was going to be a special treat, for the family had only heard it on the radio before. 
Now it was December 16th, the tickets looked like a frivolous expense. Here they should be saving their money, but they were going to watch a symphony. Amazing. But kuya couldn’t sell back the tickets, so the family decided to go anyway, and concentrate on having a good time. Mom made an early supper, and they took the bus then streetcar to the venue. Leo thought the mood outside the theatre was a bit somber, with war looming on the horizon. 
The inside was indeed gorgeous. Amorsolo and Monti had done fabulous artworks on the rich plant life of the Philippines. There were huge murals that captured the Philippine spirit of art and unique way of life. Even Francis, who didn’t appreciate beauty, was awestruck by the lobby. 
This new nation, the Philippines, was artistic, not militaristic. Since the time of Juan Luna in the 1880s, the nation was in a renaissance of music and painting. The whole quest for nationhood and the arts was going to be cut short by invasion, deaths, starvation and destruction. It was not the new nation’s fault, it was going to be occupied. Even during the performance this evening, Filipinos were going to get killed fighting the Japanese invaders. 
Handel’s masterpiece was performed by the Manila Symphony Orchestra. Although the symphony was more grand than passionate, it was an emotional experience for the audience. Halfway through the presentation, everyone in the Alcoreza family were crying. Even Francis was misty eyed. Leo looked around, and most of the audience was crying. Why was it? Perhaps everyone thought that the bombing would continue, buildings would crumble, and people would die. To be occupied by an enemy, to have independence snatched away by evil soldiers was so unfair. Especially at Christmas, a time of joy and peace. And now it was only going to get worse. 
And yet, the uplifting music, and Handel’s message of hope and deliverance made things better. It was just a roller coaster of an emotional outburst, and people did not want the concert to ever end. At the end of the concert, after the applause slowly died, few wanted to leave the sanctuary of the euphoria of beauty. Most lingered in their seats, and reluctant to depart the shrine of peace.
When they got home, the kuya and Leo had some beer on the porch, while Francis listened to the radio inside, and the mother prepared a laing dish for the following day. Kuya Mike was asking Leo what he was planning on doing now.
“Well, so there were only two trucks to take the boys to the USAFFE lines. When Soriano was explaining to me what was going to happen last Saturday, I thought there would be a hundred trucks available to take the guys to the front. No, only two! How can that be?”
“That is crazy. Here the nation is being invaded, and they send two lousy trucks up north.”
“Well, in fairness, there are Constabulary, Army and Scout units already there. I just thought they would appreciate more fighters.”
“Well, look at it this way. USAFFE has to feed the fighters too. The volunteers need to eat, sleep, shoot, and use medical supplies. If they don’t have enough rifles, bullets, food, and medicines they don’t need more soldiers. You are a burden to them. In the middle of the jungle, cut off from warehouses and cities, how are they going to get resupplied? Besides, there is going to be thousands of refugees following the troops. They have to be fed too! So maybe it’s just as well you didn’t get on board.”
“Well, kuya, that is what I was thinking too. Who wants to be a burden? It’s just too bad they were so disorganized.”
“Well Leo, things might be botched up, but there is a plan. Like you described what Soriano said, it is a good idea to retreat into Bataan. And look at the other victims of Japanese assault? Malaysia is collapsing, so is Burma, Thailand surrendered to the Japanese, Hong Kong will fall within a few days, Singapore looks doomed, there is nothing stopping the Japs from taking the whole Dutch East Indies too! So at least MacArthur has a plan. And his plan minimizes civilian deaths.”
“Kuya, I was thinking of joining a guerrilla unit.” 
“A what? With a bunch of big monkeys? 
“Ha Ha! No, really there was this boy from PMA there that Soriano introduced me and Mendoza to.”
“Mendoza? What’s he doing there? He was there?”
“Yes, he had found out about the mobilization from Soriano. So, since there was no room for us on the truck, we talked to this PMA boy about forming a unit of fighters near Antipolo.”
“My goodness. One issue at a time. You and Mendoza back together again?”
“Well, we are talking. Arguing really. About whose fault it was. He said that he was sorry for being rude to me.”
“What about his taxi dancer?”
“Found a businessman with deep pockets.”
“Now that’s a very old story,” laughed kuya. “The never ending search for a sugar daddy!”
“That’s what I told him.”
“Did he say no more girls?”
“No he said that he was rude, and never would he do that kind of thing in my face like that again. But he does like girls.”
“Well, he might be right. Mendoza just lost himself, and it happens to many boys when they fall in love for the first time.” Here the kuya paused, and said, “Bakla boys I think are the same way.”
“Oh, I think so. Maybe. I get so emotional.”
“Passionate! So you two are back together again?”
“We haven’t talked about it. He said though that he would like to drop by here.” Leo spread his arms open, sort of saying we shall see.
“Well, you know what to do best with Mendoza. He is a good boy, but he might leave you again.”
“If we get back together.”
“Anyway, so what is this guerrilla unit?”
“You know, the fighters have no uniforms. They live in a camp in the woods, and hit small groups of enemy soldiers.”
“And for food, bullets and supplies? Where do those come from?”
“From friendly farmers. From raids on enemy encampments.”
“Sounds idealistic, this plan. Do they have rifles?”
“Yes, the PMA guy is planning on getting the rifles from the ROTC supplies.”
“Well, at least that’s a start. But I’m not sure you should risk your life on half-baked plans.”
“But kuya, the planning is still up in the air. No one knows each other, and we just met for an hour. We have another meeting on Saturday. I didn’t want to tell mom yet, in fact I wasn’t even sure of telling you either. It has to be a secret. We are just starting to plan it out. Like where exactly in Antipolo? Do we know people in the area? What other things will we need? How can we get more supplies when we are up there? What are our priority targets? Those kind of things.”
“Ok, I am just saying, that’s all.”
“But one thing the boy did say, that we will need, or they will need medical supplies, bullets, money, rifles, and a nurse or doctor. Not everyone should be a fighter. And the leader is a graduate from PMA, known by Soriano, so I think I can trust him.”
“And what about Mendoza’s job with the Japanese?”
“He stopped right after Pearl Harbor. And I already warned him, that if guerrillas learned about him, there would be problems. But Soriano and I trust Mendoza. I think he was just stupid, that’s all. And he admits it too.”
“So what are you planning to do?”
“I don’t know what to do yet. You know, I am a city boy. Also, I have financial obligations to the family. And the Japanese haven’t even arrived yet.”
“The financial things we can talk about. Maybe it is planning things out too early.”
“But at least now, we can openly plan. After we get occupied, well who knows what we can do!”
“Hello! Hello! Kuya, Leo?”
“Speak of the devil. Hello Mendoza! You let him in Leo.”
Leo went quickly down the stairs and opened the gate. There he saw Mendoza, with tears in his eyes. His friend lifted up his arms for a hug, and so Leo hugged him.
“My dad had a heart attack. It was bad. I got a telegram from my mom this last Monday, and went there, and just got back.”
“But he is alive, he is ok?”
“He will be confined one more night, and then to be released. He will take some medicine. But the doctor said the attack could happen again.”
“You come upstairs. It’s only my kuya and me.”
“Ok, thanks Leo.”
“Can your dad talk, walk?”
“I don’t think he can walk quite yet, and he is quite weak. But he can talk just fine. We talked, him and me for an hour just this afternoon.”
“Hi kuya!” Mendoza put his hand out for a blessing from Leo’s kuya.
“I heard. Is he ok though?”
“Seemingly ok, it’s just that with the war going on, medicine is hard to find, the doctor said. But if my dad avoids stress, gets moderate exercise, maybe he could live another few years.”
“That’s bad. It is like setting a time limit on your life.”
“And my dad works so hard too! And he doesn’t smoke either, and only drinks sometimes. Maybe no more pork!”
“And so who is going to do his job now Mendoza?”
“My dad talked to me. And now, I need to talk to the Alcoreza family.”
“My family! Why my family?”
“My dad asked me to make a proposal. I think your mom should be here too Leo.”
“My this is business! Here, have a beer Mendoza. I will get her and Francis.”
Evidently, Francis heard what was going on, and came out to the porch. Grrrrr, went the dog. Leo met Francis head on, and hugged him, whispering in his ear that he liked Mendoza, and that he should be nice to him. Dubiously Francis held out his hand, and Mendoza shook it with a smile. Leo gave Francis a beer.
The mom came out to the porch and sat down. She asked what this was all about.
“My dad has had a heart attack, mom. The doctor thinks he will die in five or ten years. Or even sooner, who knows. He asked that I, as the oldest son, take over the farms, and he will advise me. He said that he will also need help with the business. Our relative who was helping with the accounts left for the USA in October, and my dad was already overwhelmed with the paperwork. That’s why he suggested that I ask you. One house is now vacant, and it is near us. You can live there if you like, to help my father’s farm business.”
“We should say thank you to your dad. But Mendoza, my family doesn’t know anything about farming! We are city people.”
“We know this, but what we need is work at keeping the books, the property taxed, rents collected, harvests sold, mortgages paid, equipment rentals, like that.”
“You know, I was a book keeper before, Mendoza,” added the mom.
“Yes, Leo mentioned it to my dad. That’s why it might be a good idea.”
“And of course, it is close to a food source, while here in Manila there is no food,” remarked Leo.
“Yes. Actually, even a disaster struck, and no rents were coming in, you could still eat shrimp, fish, duck, kangkong and camote on a regular basis where we live. It’s beside marshlands.”
“But what could I do there sir?” asked Francis.
“Help your mom with the books, there are good high schools in San Fernando, or maybe take college at Holy Angel in Angeles, do fieldwork, or go with me to visit the other farmers.”
“I cannot leave my job at the bank Mendoza.”
“I mentioned this to my dad, and he said maybe you should stay here anyway, to guard your house. Unless things get ugly living in Manila.”
 “But I could visit!” declared kuya.
“Oh, of course. It’s easy, by canoe or steam boat, or the highway at Monumento.”
“So Mendoza, you won’t join the guerrilla unit of the PMA graduate?”
“Ahhh, no,” Mendoza put his finger over his mouth and said quietly, “My dad said that the leftists will probably put up their own unit, and my family will support them.”
“You mean Benigo Ramos? The leader of the Ganap party! He is a Japanese puppet!” remarked kuya Mike.
“No, no. Not him of course. He is a traitor. No, my dad follows Pedro Abad Santos of the Socialist Party.”
“Like Luis Taruc? They are not bad people, just militant that’s all.”
“Being militant now will mean fighting the Japanese. The selfish landlords will get fought only after the war with Japan, added Mendoza.
“But Mendoza, I don’t know anything about peasant problems. I tell you I am a city boy. They probably talk in Kapampangan, and I don’t know that language,” said Leo.
“No, not so much of a problem. We are close to the Tagalog areas too. Besides they might not need your help, maybe you can be more supportive by helping my dad help them. We can figure out that when the time comes.”
“But, Mendoza, I want to fight the Japanese!”
Mrs. Alcoreza said, “Leo, child, as your friend was trying to point out, there are other ways to support the war against the Japanese.”
“Your mom is right. Besides, my dad said they probably will start a guerrilla front. But nothing is certain yet until the activists discuss things. And these people will not meet till after Christmas.” 
“Besides,” continued Mendoza, “My dad cautioned me about safety. We don’t know where more danger will lie. It might even be more dangerous to be a simple farmer in Pampanga than a guerrilla. He wants your family to be safe, that is the priority. We can say though for certain, the countryside will have more food. And it is easy to hide in our swamps. We will not starve in my place,” declared Mendoza.
“Mendoza, since we are talking frankly, honestly, can I ask a question? We had a relationship before, you and I. Does this situation require that you and I are together?”
“No, that doesn’t matter. I asked my dad. He said you were good for me, because I do stupid things sometimes. It would be best if you guided me. But he left that up to us. But he reminded me, he wants grandkids maybe after the war is over.”
Leo rubbed his hands over his face, while his kuya said “Ahh, so sweet you two!” Leo’s mom looked at the boys with a questioning look, while Francis looked a little suspiciously at Mendoza.
Mendoza added, “But Leo, if you don’t like me, it’s also ok. Your family house is separate.”
“It’s not really a matter of not liking you, or liking you. I just wanted to find out what sort of situation you and your dad were proposing for us. You know, I do like your dad. We like your dad. And your mom thinks this is a good idea?”
“Oh yes, she likes you. But she has had problems with a dishonest bookkeeper before, and I assured her that you have an honest family.”
“Yes, we are honest, but would have a big debt of gratitude to your family. That might be a burden for us to have!” said the Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Well no, we too are asking much from your family, mom. There is a lot of paperwork. For additional money, Francis, and maybe Leo would be helping in the fields, helping me supervise too. It is a lot of work that I am nervous about. I have a bakla brother, and two sisters who will help my mom run the house. They might go to school in San Fernando, since they haven’t finished high school yet.”
“And this house is ok?”
“Oh, here, I got it in my backpack. My dad gave me a photo to show to you. See!” It was a small photo of a nipa type two floor house, raised about six feet from the ground. It was simpler than the Mendoza house, with no regular windows, just large wooden squares that swung open. There was a pump outside, set on a concrete foundation, with a river running behind it, and the house was set in the shade of large acacia trees. 
“Looks wonderful!” declared the mom. “I love the trees!”
“It was our in-laws house, but they migrated to the United States two months ago. So now its vacant, and we need it occupied.”
“Does it have electricity?” asked the kuya.
“Yes, we put in a line just last year. But we have no refrigerator there. I think you might want to get one though, because this the market is far away. And you will need to store food sometimes.”
“Mendoza, can we go see the place, and talk to your dad?” asked kuya.
“Maybe this weekend you could come? Leo knows the way. And the Japanese are still in Pangasinan, so you will not have to bother with them yet. Even if you came for one day, it is possible.”
“No, I want to stay overnight,” the kuya remarked. “I want to get a feel for the place. I worry about my family, and I need them to be safe, even if I still would live in Manila. Could we leave on Saturday morning?”
Mendoza thought that was fine. Leo said that he would talk to the guerilla leader Terry on Friday about a possible change of plans. Then on Saturday, the family perhaps would go to Pampanga to check out the situation. 

Chapter 18

December 20, 1941
The family left for Pampanga early in the morning, at sunrise from Quiapo and Mendoza came with them. They would return Sunday night, and be in time to prepare for a Christmas eve dinner. It was not going to be a lavish Christmas affair.
The family thought it was safe, for the boat was small, and was unlikely to be challenged by Japanese airplanes. They did see an American navy Q boat under attack from a Japanese Zero airplane. Fortunately it was far away, close to Bataan. They could tell the boat was zigging and zagging while firing its machine guns at the plane. The Zero came again and again, but gave up after ten minutes of attack. 
They were safe from Japanese ships. Their navy could not get into Manila Bay because of Corrigedor Island. Ironically, it took a war for the Alcoreza family to take an out of town trip together. 
“Thank’s Mendoza for helping us make this trip. It’s beautiful,” remarked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Hey, no problem mom! I’m just surprised that you never went out of town before!”
“Well, when my husband died, we really had no province to go back to. And money was always tight, just to go out of town on vacation.”
“Yeah, in fact this April, the family was planning a trip to Baguio, after Francis and my school year ended,” added Leo. “But now, that’s impossible!” 
“Well, Pampanga is kind of marshy, swampy! Not like Baguio at all. And here during raining season you need mosquito nets to sleep. But as my dad said, the food is plentiful here.”
“That’s important!”
“A marshland always has the largest number of insects and animals. It’s like a city for them. And the land is so rich too.”
“The problem is really the floods?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Yep, but your house is elevated, and we will get a boat for you before the rainy season.”
“Thanks for helping our family Mendoza.”
“Don’t say a lot of thank you’s yet. If you accept, my dad will keep your family busy.” 
“If you father is kind to his tenant farmers, and supports their leaders, he must be a kind-hearted man,” remarked kuya.
“Sometimes I think a little bit too kind. They sometimes spend money on stupid things, get into debt to the Chinese lenders, and end up selling their next harvest even before it’s planted! So stupid. And the interest rates are so high, they get screwed.”
“Would your father sell them the land that they farm?”
“Oh yes, why not? But they can’t afford it, even if my dad sells it to them at a discount. Like 75% off sale. Sometimes the farmer’s dad bought the land, fair and square, but the son goes into debt. So stupid! So my dad rescues them, and pays off the debt, and so they pay rent to us. So messed up!”
“In a situation like that, who deals with the tenant?”
“Oh my dad. Now it will be me and my dad. Don’t worry, it will not be your problem. Me or my dad would tell you whatever was negotiated. We always write everything down, the bookkeeper signs off an everything, and the tenant and us keep a copy. So it’s as clear as possible.”
“Well, as long as there is coordination between everyone it should work out.”
“Yes, that’s what it will have to be. There is a little office in our house, you can work there, otherwise you can work in your house, and just visit us daily.”
“I can see though how these debts, and shortages might get affected by the war.”
“That is another problem, yes. But these are our headaches, not yours.”
“Do you think this bookkeeping job is an all-day affair?” asked Leo.
“Before, our in-laws got it done in four hours a day. Sometimes there would be nothing at all, other days, non-stop especially if it was tax time.”
“Taxes too?” asked Mrs. Mendoza.
“Of course, we have to pay taxes on the land, and the income we make. Usually anyway. But now that the Japanese are here, who knows!”
“But if I have to do work all day, who’s going to make dinner and do the laundry?”
“Get one of our maids, or get your own!”
“Are you crazy? A maid! We don’t have money for a maid! Why before kuya Mike got a job, I had to other people’s laundry.”
“Well, maids are cheap in the province. Maybe just one who comes in the morning. We can work it out. Besides my father is generous.”
“Perhaps Francis can go to school in San Fernando?”
“Sure, my brother will be doing the same thing, that is, if schools are re-opened.”
“And you, Mendoza, would rather do farm management than teach?” asked the mom.
“No! I love teaching, like your son does. I had a great job at De La Salle. And now, with my dad getting a heart attack, I think now that dream is ended. I was hoping to teach for at least ten years, but now, that’s not going to happen.”
“Gosh, that’s too bad. These responsibilities get shoved down the throat of the young. Without much option.”
“Yes, but it’s ok. I think of it, my dad paid for all of my education. So I have a responsibility to him. I just wasn’t expecting it so soon”
“Maybe you were going to join the guerrillas?”
“Yes, I was thinking about it. To help my nation, especially after I did that stupid sideline with the Japanese embassy. Dumb. I also thought about joining to be close to him,” pointing his lips to Leo.
“You like Leo?”
“Yes. And I was bad to him, and I realize now how much I miss your son. My dad likes him for me too, so that was one reason for this plan of his.”
Leo looked up at the sky, rolling his eyes while holding his palms up to the heavens.
“So your dad is a matchmaker?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza with a smile.
“No, not really. He wants grandkids, but its ok with him to have a relationship with someone like your son. Leo’s responsible, and so is your family.” 
“Well, thanks! You seem like a nice boy. And for me, it’s ok if Leo doesn’t give me grandkids, I still have Mike and Francis.”
“We think my brother’s bakla, so no grandkids there.”
“But Mendoza, what if Leo doesn’t like you anymore? Or you don’t like him anymore? Does this put the plan into a big problem?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
With this comment, Leo rolled his eyes.
“No, we still need you as a bookkeeper. My father honors a commitment. And he needs you. Besides, I might not see Leo anyway, he might join the guerrilla fighters soon.”
“I hope not! He might get killed.”
“Well, you never know where and when it will happen mom. We live in dangerous times.”
“So true. How long do we have to go until we reach your place?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Another half hour. This is still off of Hagonoy, Bulacan.”
“Maybe you should talk to my son?”
“Maybe he’s not ready to talk to me?”
Leo butted in, “Mendoza, you make so much drama. I didn’t know you males can be so hurt!”
"Of course we can feel hurt. We are emotional, at least I am. And I am ok with it.”
“Ok, ok. Let’s go to the back of the boat. Hopefully everyone will be looking forwards, not backwards,” Leo replied.
“Good Leo. We can look forward too. To what this stupid war has for us,” answered kuya Mike.
“Yeah, right.” 
“Thanks mom.” Leo touched his mom on her shoulder and moved to the back of the boat to talk to the ex. He felt no more anger towards Mendoza now, still had feelings for him, but also did not want to make major commitments in a time like this. After all, how can a guy make plans when the world is whirling around? 

At the house, it was shocking to see how weak Mister Mendoza looked. Now Leo could understand how upset his friend Man was. His dad was pale and bedridden. Although the doctor had said that he was going to get better, it was clear that he had a long way to go. The two families met, but for only a half an hour, for the father was weak and had to rest for a while. So his son Man drove the truck to show them around the farms. 
Ricky, Man’s bakla brother seemed interested in Francis. He joined Francis on the bench in the far back of the truck, while Leo looked forward right behind the cab. He felt embarrassed while watching Ricky flirt with his brother. And his brother was responding too. Leo’s mom and kuya stayed in the front. 
 All of the Mendoza farms were within five kilometers. But these farms were not connected, and only two were actually owned in full by the Mendoza family. The other six farms had mortgages. And Mendoza family really wanted to simplify the situation, and have all their farm tenants pay off their mortgages, on easy, nearly give-away terms. If only the farmers paid off the debts, the Mendoza family life would be much simpler.
The road going to San Fernando was wide, but these farm roads were one lane dirt paths. A normal car could not have made it through the deep ruts. And during the rainy season, the mud would be very deep. Man joked that they were worried that some kid was going to drown in the mud lakes on the road. 
The advantage that their family had was that they owned a truck, a rice mill, and a warehouse. There, in the warehouse the rice could stay dry, even during rainy season. And the rice warehouse meant that they could avoid much of the costs of the Chinese rice cartels. In fact, Man said the family hoped to buy a flat-bottomed boat so they could take their milled rice directly to Quiapo. That would save a lot of money, but with the war going on, that was too big of an investment. Besides, the upkeep on the boat would be high. If there was a way to share the costs with other farmers it would be a great idea. 
But as it was, they either used the truck to sell the milled rice to Malolos, Bulacan, or if by canoe to Guagua. As it was with most tenant farmers, there was a 60/40 split on the rice. So, if the rice sold for one hundred pesos per cavan, 60 pesos would go to the owner, and 40 pesos would go to the farmer. This policy cheated the tenant farmers. So, for a cleaner system, the father rented out this land, and let the farmers make the decisions themselves and upgrade their farms and shared the costs.
For the business, the dad employed ten men, who mostly worked in the rice mill, warehouse and the two farms. Mrs. Mendoza had helped with the finances for a while, but she herself admitted that the bookkeeping made her dizzy. So the dad did the bookkeeping plus manage the farms, but this added burden probably helped cause the heart attack, Man admitted.
The kuya said that this was a big job. He said he didn’t think his mom should be the one going out to the farmers, that they should come to Man or the dad themselves, not to his mom. She shouldn’t be the one travelling around. 
Man readily agreed. That’s one of the jobs of the employees, and besides the business had a bike for messages and papers. The only travelling the mom would have to do is to go to the Mendoza house for consultations. And actually, she might not need to go there every day, it would depend. 
On the way back to the house, after a brief inspection of the family farms, Man was the one who sounded pessimistic. He said pointed out that the truck was a Ford, and now, how were they going to get parts for it? What if the war lasts two years or more? It would be hard to design parts like a distributor, or alternator, or other components. And what about gasoline? They used Shell gas, and of course, the gas companies were no longer going to service the Philippines. 
What if the Japanese took the truck for themselves, like what the missionary discussed. What if the electricity was cut? How could the rice mill work? Certainly if technology was taken away, it was better to live next to the food source, but some things really required modern parts and procedures. 
Once they got back to the Mendoza family house, they had some ice tea and relaxed. His dad had a visitor, a young man that Man recognized, who was walking out when they arrived. Mister Mendoza came out in wheelchair, bearing news.
“And I am afraid it’s bad news too. The Japanese have made a big landing at Lingayen Gulf. The other landings they did up to now are small, but this one supposedly is big, with thousands and thousands of troops wading ashore. They already have reached the highway going to La Union and Ilocos.”
“Where is that again?” asked the kuya.
“It’s the large bay of Pangasinan, sort of below the One Hundred Islands. We have gone swimming there once, when the family was small. The shallow sandy beach is great for swimming, and my guess now is that it also a good place to land an army too,” answered Mister Mendoza.
“Shit! I taught the Japanese Embassy people swimming there last September,” admitted Man.
“Very good, my boy! You supplied a perfect cover!” snarled Mister Mendoza.
“Well how was I to know! Oh my God. I was too trusting.”
Kuya asked, “Gee Man, did they take a lot of pictures there too?”
“Now that you mention it, yeah!”
“Maybe after the war is over, and Japan wins, they will want to give you a medal Man!” remarked Leo.
“Look son,” Mrs. Alcoreza said sternly. “Leo, let’s not get carried away. Anyone could have taken the Japanese there. They could have even gone there themselves, and maybe they did. You can’t blame this one on your friend.”
“But mom, I do think Man deserves a big round of applause!” With that, the kuya started to clap, and the others joined in, laughing. There wasn’t much else they could do either.
“And the other piece of news I have is that Sakdalista, aligned with the communist party and socialists, will meet to plan out and form a guerrilla army in Pampanga after Christmas. They are willing to work with the Americans to help drive out the Japanese, although they admit they don’t have the strength to fight the Japanese now. I suggest that if Leo wants to, he can meet with Pedro Abad Santos tomorrow morning in San Fernando. He can go with the boy you just saw leave. His name is Joaquin. Man can drive him there. I would like to go, but I obviously cannot right now. 
“As for Leo joining a guerrilla front, I don’t know. I don’t suggest it now. Your family, if you decide to accept, will have quite a bit of adjusting to do. And much moving to get done. And now that the Japanese have landed, time is important. The Japanese might not permit travel, or put many obstacles in the way. So I suggest, that if you decide to accept our offer to move here and help with the farms, move soon.”
“Yes, please move here soon. Really the paper work is confusing, and it’s best to get out of the city now!” added Mrs. Mendoza.
“Can I just say, that MacArthur might head to Bataan and Corregidor on his retreat path. And that fighting might not really happen too much in Pampanga?” suggested Leo.
“I too have heard those rumors. But the general has his army to move to Bataan. You can see their trucks move at night on the highway to San Fernando. The USAFFE troops will probably try to deny the Japanese advance, by mining roads, blowing up bridges, and staging ambushes. This area might get affected too,” added Mister Mendoza. 
“But Pangasinan is not that far away from us sir! How long do you think it would take the Japs to reach here?” asked Francis.
“Two weeks if they are fast. It just depends on how they work out dealing with the USAFFE retreat. Because they probably will target Manila, not realizing that McArthur has already given up on the city, and plans a Bataan retreat. It is too hard to read into the enemy’s, and our own plans!”
“This war thing is giving me a headache!” admitted Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Yes, it certainly is giving everyone a headache. Imagine how Quezon and MacArthur feel right now,” said Man.
“Well, at least they are safe. They could get evacuated, and probably will. While the rest of the Filipinos are stuck in their house, unable to leave,” remarked the kuya.
“So true, so true. As usual, it’s the common people who have to have to pick up the pieces,” added Mister Mendoza. “But anyway, we are hungry for dinner and it’s 7pm. So let’s just eat dinner and relax, have a beer or something, because there is nothing we can do.”
“Ok, can we do that?. It has been a long day. Maybe just dinner and then we leave for the guest house,” said Mrs. Alcoreza.
“But mom, can we just have a couple of beers with the Mendoza family?” asked the kuya.
“Aren’t you tired already?”
“Yes, but can’t we just have a couple of beers, and go to the house at 11pm, and no later?”
“Ok, but no later than that.”
“And Mrs. Alcoreza, if your wanted to sleep in, we can wake you up at 8am tomorrow. The last boat leaves for Manila at 3pm.”
“That would be perfect. Thank you sir!”
“And just to get a feel of the place, there are some mattresses on the bed frames in what can be your house. I think your family should sleep there tonight, just to get a feeling of the place.”
“Yes, that would be nice sir.”
“Fine. Just don’t call me sir, please. And my son Man will take Leo to San Fernando at 9am. They can eat breakfast in the car. Riding along will be Joaquin, an activist whose family has a farm near here. They will visit Pedro Abad Santos. Ok?”
This was agreed to. They sat down to a wholesome dinner made by Mrs. Mendoza. 

Chapter 19

December 21, 1941
That next morning Mendoza got Leo from the guest house, and walked along the path to get the truck. Mendoza though wanted to talk to Leo and stopped at a bushy area. 
“Hey Leo, we haven’t had much time together huh! How is my boy?” With that he hugged Leo closely. Leo put his arms around Mendoza’s shoulders, while the other boy hugged his hips and butt.
“I’m just fine. Your family, and you have been great to us. Thanks.”
“I love you Leo.”
“Love you too Mendoza.”
Just then the kuya came down the path from the house. “Hey you too!” Leo pulled away a little bit from his partner, and gave the kuya a questioning look.
“You guys ok again now?”
“Yes, we are sir. Thanks!” replied Mendoza, who continued holding the waist of Leo.
“That’s nice to hear. But I just wanted to say to Leo to be back soon. Mom and I will talk about your family’s offer this morning, but we also need to get your input Leo. And we have to leave at 230pm for the boat.”
“Oh yes kuya. Don’t worry, we will be back soon.”
“Sir, I think we will be back before noon, San Fernando is not far away. And Joaquin’s house is close by.”
“Ok, great. Thanks you two! Good luck!”
And with that, the kuya went back, and the two boys went to the truck, and Leo gave Mendoza a quick kiss, and got in.


Joaquin was the same young man that they had seen leaving the side of the father the previous day. He was about the same age as the two boys, and had gone school on a scholarship at Holy Angels College in San Fernando. His father too was a farmer. On the way to San Fernando, they talked. Joaquin knew Pedro Abad Santos better than Man did, for Man had been in Manila for the last five years. Clearly, Joaquin thought highly of the man. 
“He’s called Don Perico here. Actually, although his younger brother Jose is the chief justice of the supreme court, around here we think more highly of Pedro Abad than Jose Abad. He was jailed by the Americans during the revolution, and exiled to Guam. He became a great lawyer, and worked for free on land title cases for the poor. He didn’t ever accept payment from the poor tenant farmers”
“He was jailed by the Americans? He must be old!” 
“Oh yeah, sixty-five years old! And you might find something in common with him Leo, he’s never had a girlfriend! Never been married either.”
“Hmmm! Maybe he is like me!”
“Or maybe not. No one knows for sure, it’s not one of those questions that you just ask an old guy.”
“Yes, I understand. But he was in the Sakdal movement?”
“Not really, although he did sympathize with the peasants, but he despised their leader, Benigno Ramos. Don Perico is more of a socialist, believing in the rights of the working people and farmers. He thinks there should be a revolution to change society.”
“Hmm. You know, I really don’t know much about the peasant situation.”
Mendoza spoke up for the first time. “I’m not a socialist or communist or something like that. But I’ve seen things here. Most farmers do not have their own land. They rent it from rich Filipinos. Those rich bought it from the Spanish priests, who stole it from the ancestors of those same farmers. The land should be theirs, but it isn’t. So remember I mentioned the 60/40 split of the profits of these farms? That means the rich get to keep 60% of the harvest, while their tenant farmer only gets to keep 40%, yet they are the ones who did the all the work. And when someone in the family gets sick, they get indebted to the landowner. It’s like slavery, where the farmer’s family is owned by the rich, even if the land was stolen from them in the first place.”
“Yes, that does sound bad. There should be land reform, and the Americans should not have just resold the friar estates to the rich. The land should have been distributed to the tenants.”
“That’s what Don Perico is saying. And what we need is a revolt to straighten things out.”
“I’m not sure about the revolt part, that’s all,” replied Leo.
“Look Leo, you can argue that out with him, but today we are asking about fighting the Japanese.”
“Oh definitely. We are not going to get into the finer points.”
Joaquin directed them to the house in San Fernando town. Although it was just one floor with a cement foundation, it was large. It was also old, unpainted with stained wood outside, and a red tiled roof. The large sliding capiz windows were open, and in the front porch had about ten men standing around discussing something. Leo thought it was a large house for someone without a family, but perhaps it was used also as a meeting hall. 
The group went inside the house through the open door, and saw another meeting taking place in the living room. Joaquin told them to wait in the library, while he would find out if Don Perico was available. 
“This library is huge! This is bigger than our college had, Mendoza! And so many books about revolution. Just think a month ago, if you had said that soon I was going to visit a radical library, I wouldn’t have believed you!”
“Well, war changes things, doesn’t it! Look, the war helped bring you and me back together!”
“Yes, after you jumped on me in the ditch!”
“That was funny. At least I didn’t get dirty! Only you!”
“It was disgusting. And smelly too!”
“And really, I didn’t know it was you underneath. Not until I felt that big butt of yours.”
“There you go again about my butt!”
“I miss it! I was hoping for another time at the beach like before!” With this, Mendoza hugged Leo from behind, while Leo tried to concentrate on the books. 
“I don’t think that this trip we will have time for something like that.”
“Maybe just a quickie?” Mendoza managed to kiss Leo’s cheek.
“Now that would be nice. I miss the Pampangeño organ.”
“It misses you too. It misses warm and dark caves!”
“Mendoza, we are here and you are talking about your stiff organ again!”
“Well, it misses you!” He rubbed Leo’s butt with his hips.
“It must have had a great time with Cora, entering her dark and damp cave.”
“Hey, it’s not what you think!”
“Yes, I can’t imagine a girl’s thing, that’s true.”
“No, not that idiot! We never had sex!”
“Oh my God! What! You never got even a taste?”
“Nothing. She didn’t want it!”
“A taxi dancer, not wanting it? You offered to pay?”
“Leo! She wasn’t like that!”
“Ok, but you said she wanted someone with more money, that’s why you were replaced with a businessman.”
“I did say that, but that doesn’t mean she is a prostitute.”
“Ok, ok, I get your point. Sorry.”
“It’s ok. But you Leo. Did you taste someone else when I was gone?”
“Soriano, a few times.”
“Him! I thought he had honor!”
“Mendoza! You and I were broken up, by you. So I was free to choose.”
“Well at least he is a gentleman,” admitted Mendoza.
“Yes. He even asked about you before we did anything. He likes you too, and wouldn’t want to hurt you.”
“Well, of course he should. But if I remember, he is kind of small, with almost no pubic hair.”
“Perhaps. But it doesn’t make him less of a man. Besides, how would you know?”
“I swam and lounged around with him on the bivouac, remember?”
“You keep track of these things?”
“Well, I just thought, a big masculine guy, but yet small in the loincloth department. Did it go good, you two together?”
“Mendoza, change subject. I don’t talk about things like that. And I didn’t talk about you either. It’s rude.”
“Ok, point taken. Sorry. And I am sorry I messed up Leo.” 
“It’s ok Mendoza. Just be more respectful of me.”
“I will. I will not be an asshole from now on.”
“Good!”
“And after this, can we have some private time together?”
“Yes, I would like that before I leave. But can I change the subject? I need to be clear with Attorney Santos, I don’t know anything about land reform, or peasant issues.”
“But soon you will. See war changes things!”
“And really, I don’t know anything about it.”
“Well, how could you? You have been in Manila.”
“But you, your dad is a landlord. And look at Don Perico, a lawyer, rich family, whose brother is the supreme court chief justice, so he must be rich, and he too has the interests of the poor in his heart.” 
“So just because one is rich, doesn’t mean they want to screw the poor. He just sees the need for more equality that’s all.”
“Do you see the need for a revolution too Mendoza?”
“I’m not sure. Certainly the poor must have a better chance in life. For me, as long as a guy works hard, they should be able to advance. If they work hard. But, it’s so hard for a poor peasant to get ahead. That’s wrong.”
“Ok, I agree.” 


“Hey, you two! We can go in now to see Don Perico,” called Joaquin.
So they walked down a short hall, and into a room near the back of the house. It looked like the master bedroom, although the bed area had more tall bookshelves dividing off the room. 
Joaquin made the introductions. “Don Perico, you know Man Mendoza of course, and this is his partner Leo Alcoreza from Manila. Don Perico!” And with that, Joaquin made a quick bow of his head.
“Gentlemen sit down. Iced tea is being delivered. I don’t have much time, I am supposed to be in the meeting in the living room, but I have delays. This invasion is causing problems for us.”
“It’s ok sir. We understand,” replied Man.
“Also I want to say I am sorry to hear about your dad. Tell him to take it easier now, and get moderate exercise.”
“I will sir, thank you.”
“Sir, you look just like Leon Trotsky!” exclaimed Leo.
“Yes, but don’t say that one too loud. One of these people might kill me with a pickaxe, just like they did to poor Leon!” laughed Don Perico. “So, you two want to volunteer for a guerrilla unit if one comes about? Like you two were back in the days of the Greek warriors, going in to battle together?”
Leo caught the allusion to being homosexual, but let it pass. “No sir, I think only me. Man’s dad is now confined to a wheelchair. Man will have to assume the job of manager of the farms, at least for the time being. I believe my family is moving up here to help with their bookkeeping.”
“Ok, I understand. So Leo, it is, what is your occupation?”
“I am a high school history teacher. And I just want to be honest with you, the only time I went to the province was to visit Man here, and on a ROTC bivouac. I know how to shoot, lead men a little bit, but what I am saying is I am not used to the countryside.”
“But you are willing?”
“Oh of course sir. It is necessary for our country sir.”
“Ok, I like your attitude Leo. Willing to sacrifice, willing to learn. But we have no guerrilla unit yet. We are just talking about it. And we have few weapons, and no money. That’s the big problem. So, we are still talking about it. We have meetings in secret, such as the meeting you saw in the living room. Understand gentlemen? So this discussion is discreet, not to be talked about.”
“Yes sir!”
“The USAFFE will be retreating our way to Bataan, soon we think. They and the Japanese have weapons. We can get weapons they leave behind, although ammunition probably will be in short supply. We will then coordinate with the Sakdal groups, the communists, USAFFE if they are ready for such a thing, and our own comrades. With those groups behind us, we should be able to get a few guerrilla units going.
“Fantastic sir!”
“The reason why I asked you your occupation Leo is because I don’t want just a bunch of peasant fighters. We need trained people, like officers, cooks, mechanics, machinists, and medics. Most of those skills need English. So, I am going to ask you Leo, can you become a medic? Train with the Red Cross? Within a couple of weeks, the USAFFE will need you, then we will need you. We have no trained medics.”
“Yes, I can sir! But I don’t know anything about medicine, but I did talk an advanced Red Cross first aid course last year.”
“Well, that is something. Are you scared of blood or body parts? Sawing off a leg for instance with gin as the only anesthesia?”
“Oh goodness. That sounds bad sir!”
“I have seen this Leo, and it wasn’t a nice sight. A piece of shrapnel shattered the thigh bone, and it’s bleeding like a son of a bitch, and the fighter is crying, and calling out for his mom. It’s hard for the medic to concentrate, and hoping the fighter will just pass out, but he won’t! We had to stick a wet rag into his mouth, and he’s flailing about on the table, and we had to tie him down. The man was trying to jump up and down, as we sawed off his leg. And then the medic had to burn the flesh and he stump to make it stop bleeding. The smell was horrible. So, can you do it?”
“I can do this sir. I can be a medic.”
“Joaquin, can you get Casto in here.”
“Now one more thing Leo. I’m not putting you in as a medic just because Joaquin said you were, well you know, a little bit like a girl, and girls are medics. No, it’s not that, I assure you. With the USAFFE troops, medics don’t fight, and are given special consideration by the enemy. But when you are in a guerrilla unit, if you are captured, you will get beheaded just like the rest of us. So, we expect you to be able to hold a rifle just as well as you hold a scalpel. Understood?”
“Yes sir. I didn’t get the idea that you were restricting me.”
“Ok, I just wanted it understood that I respect you as I would any young fighter. If bakla or girls want to fight, that’s ok with me.”
“Also, I just want to say gentlemen, war is so ugly, and it will be bad for us because all the drugs we have been getting are from the USA, and now, that supply will be cut off. Thousands will die without proper medical equipment. . . Casto Alejandrino , this is Leo Alcoreza, and his partner Man Mendoza. You might know Man’s dad, Mister Mendoza of Sto. Niño. He helps us a great deal. Good. Now Casto, Leo here agreed to sign up for training in Red Cross. It starts on Friday, the 26th, right here in San Fernando. He has agreed to become a trained medic. His partner Man, will help with the family farms. Leo will be helping USAFFE wounded, and later our own wounded if we get involved. Does this make sense so far Casto?”
“That is alright. I am glad to see men volunteering.”
Don Perico added, “And also, I am very sorry for the timing of this. Here it is, December 21, and we should be making our Christmas plans. But here I am ruining your Christmas time. For that, I am sorry. But remember, it’s not me, it is the Japanese who ruined it. Understood?”
The three agreed, noting that this was a national emergency, like a terrific typhoon.
“No, it is much worse than a terrific typhoon. You three, you might ask why am I involving Casto? Because Casto is a nobody! Aha! No, I am just kidding. The Japanese are fascists, and fascist hate communists. The capitalists hate us too, but the fascists want to kill all leftists. That is their top priority. So, I suspect that the Japanese will arrest me soon. I’m too old to run and hide, and my guerrilla days are over. So, since I am a notorious communist, they will either kill me or lock me up once they occupy San Fernando. So Casto, and others like him will take over control of the movement. Got it?”
The three boys nodded.
“So Joaquin and Leo, I expect you back in town on December 26th. Joaquin, report to me, and Leo go for training at the Red Cross office. It is free, and make sure you tell them I sent you, and that you are to help assist the USAFFE troops.. And get a good nurse from them who can train you. You will not be alone, there are other patriotic boys I have sent there. They will keep you informed, even if I am arrested. Can we do this gentlemen?”
The boys, relieved to be finally doing something, agreed, and shook hands with Casto Alejandrino and Don Pedro Abad Santos and left. 

Chapter 20
December 26, 1941
Mendoza met Leo at the dock at 1030am, as per agreement. They kissed each other on the dock, by now not caring who saw what. In fact, most people were more worried about their own safety, rather than the lives of others. 
“Oh, nice to see you again Leo! We can go later this afternoon to San Fernando. Let’s just relax for a while first though. My mom packed us a picnic lunch, like before.”
“Gosh, that was last year! I think the 27th? Those were happy times.”
“Yes, we can go back to that island if you would like. I would like it.”
“Ok, then we go to San Fernando? And I should look for a place to stay there?”
“No need! Joaquin came by yesterday, and said that they have a small dorm above the Red Cross. The first aid students can sleep there.”
“Oh great, better than bothering you for a ride every day.”
“Yes, because we need this truck this week.”
“So it works out,” Leo replied.
“How was Christmas at the Alcoreza house?”
“Well, a little sad. You know that MacArthur declared Manila an open city on Monday? So, it’s like come in and rape us! Here we are! Do what you want with us! We won’t fight back! Imagine! What if you had an older sister?”
“Well, I wouldn’t let her out of the house!”
“And, our move to Manila is coming at a good time. My very upright kuya got his girlfriend pregnant! She is Kathleen, and has come by the house a few times before. So they will be living in our Sampaloc house during the war raising their family.”
“Oh my goodness. Such a horny kuya!”
“Yes, you know how boys are. But kuya’s family will move out whenever my mom comes back to live there.”
“Well your kuya better keep track of his girlfriend.”
“Well, they are going to get married after the New Year at city hall, and will get a tomboy haircut. The problem is, she is good looking!”
 “Of course, because your family is good looking too!”
“Well, that’s obvious isn’t it!”
“Change topic.” Mendoza said. “Do you think the Americans are going to send in reinforcements?”
“Oh no. We are abandoned! There is no news of the Pacific Fleet rescuing us! They are going to say, “Hold on, you USAFFE troops! Hold out as long as you can. And pray! And we will come back sometime, whenever!”
“That’s just how my dad reads the Americans too.”
“After Pearl Harbor, the US Navy has to conserve whatever ships they have left, especially their aircraft carriers. They are outnumbered. And the Japanese are able fighters. So retreat!” Leo raised two thumbs up in the air with a smile.
“So we have little defense!”
“Well, in spite of everything, the Americans and Filipinos will fight the Japanese, maybe even if the situation is hopeless. And maybe, just maybe, they will win. Who knows?”
“We hope! But what about your family? When are they planning to come up?”
“Tomorrow they will come up, with kuya. And he doesn’t have to report to work until January 2, and even that date is flexible.”
“Very good. We got a woman to come in and thoroughly clean the place and one of our farmworkers installed a better toilet and pump. So you are set now!”
“So we are set, as long as the Japanese don’t seize the house!” 
“Nah, your house is too small, they would want a grander house, the Mendoza house.”
“That would be bad then, for you would move in with us!”
“Yes, and we would share the same room. And I would sleep on top of you every night.”
“Oh, and Francis would sleep on top of Ricky every night! All the groaning would drive my mom crazy!”
“Oh, we can do it after she goes to sleep.”
“No, the problem also me, Mendoza. I don’t know where I will be. I volunteered, and am going to become a medic. Where they will send me I don’t know.”
“Well, on your military leaves, I can pound you then. And look, here, is our secret island! I will put you on the beach again, and then ditch the boat! We have a couple of hours.”
Leo brought out the picnic food and laid out the blanket. He stripped down to his loincloth, and lay under the shade. Mendoza came from behind the beach area, and Leo got up on his knees and undid Mendoza’s shirt, and then untied his white shorts, until he too was just in his loincloth. Mendoza signaled him with a quick nod, and Leo untied the loincloth too, exposing the boy’s cocoa colored erection. 
Mendoza then lay down, and caressed Leo’s head, and the two boys kissed for a few minutes, the ears, the neck, and the lips. Leo lightly bit Mendoza’s nipples, then the boy lightly pushed Leo’s head down lower. After Leo licked the head a few times, Mendoza reached down, and pulled Leo close, and then rubbed his right buttocks near the anus. Again Mendoza signaled him with a quick nod, and Leo removed his own loincloth, and found the container of Purico. He rubbed the oil on his partner’s throbbing erection, and then in his own anus. Mendoza pulled him on his back, raised Leo’s legs, and then pushed his organ slowly into Leo’s butt. 
But Leo himself was nearly soft. His emotions were spinning, though he concentrated on giving Mendoza happiness. For his part, Mendoza fondled the still soft organ of Leo, but still there was no reaction. Leo was intent on fulfilling his duties, especially since this might be their last opportunity. He pinched both nipples of Mendoza, and watched him get the far-away look in his eyes. And then, his face showing utmost strain, he locked eyes to Leo and released inside of him. 
It was then that Leo started to get misty eyed. Mendoza looked at him with yearning eyes. He stayed inside, and kissed Leo on the lips, and said, “Thank you baby!”
Then the tears started to flow. Leo just let it all out, and was crying and crying, while Mendoza stroked his hair and his shoulders, trying to calm him down. 
“Leo, baby, what’s the matter with you! We should be happy now!”
“I’m sorry Mendoza! I’m just so sorry!”
“What’s the matter?” Mendoza pulled out and stretched out on his side facing his friend. Leo stayed on his back, and pulled up his legs. His organ looked like now a small mushroom.
“Here, where is the rag? Let me get it,” Leo mumbled.
“There, Leo, I can do it myself. You tell me what’s the problem.”
“But I should wipe you!”
“Look I can do it just fine. But you roll over Leo, so I can clean you now.”
Leo did as he was told, but didn’t stop crying. He could not seem to face Mendoza, and stayed curled up on his stomach.
“Come on baby, you tell me what’s the problem! Is it about the war?”
“Yes, and everything. Why is it like this Mendoza? I’m going off to war!”
“But Leo, you knew this was coming for the last year! Everyone did.”
“Oh, I know, and now the nightmare has arrived. There is no escaping it!”
“You didn’t want to serve as a soldier?”
“Oh no. Not this way at least. I wanted it to be a glorious event. But now it can’t be stopped!”
“What do you mean Leo, What is it?”
“I will try to explain, the best I can. Remember I teach history, so I look at things in a history sort of way.”
“And you are so intelligent too!”
“No, hear me out Mendoza. There are times in a nation’s history, that the youth must serve to protect the motherland. We must, there is not getting away from our obligations.”
“Ok.”
“Like in our revolution, especially against the Americans. We needed to fight. Well, this is also one of those times. And I have been saying this, and urging my students and teachers and friends to get ready to defend the nation.”
“Yes, that is you!”
“Well look Mendoza. Now is one of those times, that I am volunteering to be a medic for our troops. But think about it, look ahead. The Americans are not going to pull us out of this jam. We are surrounded by the Japanese. Singapore, Hong Kong, Burma, Dutch East Indies, Malaya States all falling under the grip of the enemy. The American president Roosevelt just admitted yesterday that we are not going to get rescued. He didn’t say it like that, he just used the phrase we will rescue you from the Japanese, just be patient. We will redeem you! Well, you know what that means!”
“So we are going to get it from the Japanese? Without backup? Without American help?”
“Not really. Their troops are here too, thousands. They are stuck here, the army troops, but the Navy has disappeared. Gone. Now, how can they rescue us? We’ve been abandoned.”
“That’s real bad Leo.”
“But what about me, Mendoza? It’s a problem. I am going to become a medic, and get sent to the USAFFE lines. So, what can I expect out of this? The best thing is to survive and get captured. And knowing the Japanese, surrendered troops are treated like shit, like they were cowards to give up. Sometimes the Japanese didn’t even allow guys to surrender, just kill them outright. That is what I am looking at!”
“But Leo, you don’t need to do this! You don’t need to become a medic. You can stay with me and your family. You can just stay and occasionally fight as a guerrilla or something.”
“Well, the chances of me staying alive in that is also bad. But hear me out Mendoza. I look at it historically, and I know, for the sake of future generations, as a nationalist, as a teacher, and all that, I must serve! Must! There is no alternative. Mother Philippines is calling her sons to defend her. No matter what the odds, we must fight now!
“Now, I’m not talking about you Mendoza, but I look at my situation. There is no good reason not to serve. It is inevitable. It is necessary. No choice, yet now, I’m scared! Scared! And I know I can’t escape. It’s my conscience telling me to follow Attorney Perico’s orders. ‘Go, young man.’ And I must go! And I am going, make no doubt about it, but I am scared.”
“But Leo, two weeks ago, and you were trying to get on a truck going to the USAFFE lines. You wanted to fight the Japanese. What’s now the difference?”
“Now, I have had the chance to think things out, and realize what I horrible choice I’ve been given. It’s death, wounds, or a slow death by capture.”
“Maybe, but you know Don Perico knows ways out of messes. Remember he can pull you out of Bataan through Manila bay, and back to Pampanga. Say, you are near Orani or someplace like that, even Mariveles, on the Manila Bay side of the peninsula. Think about it. Likely that Corregidor will be the last place to surrender. So the Japanese will have no Navy ships, or at least limited navy ships, they will be a way to bust you out. I know that’s not much hope, but it’s something. Perico can pull you out at night.”
“Mendoza, I think Perico has many things to worry about, I am just one medic.”
“Well, you ask before you are assigned to Bataan. Besides, there is more than just you there. He said he had young men training for the first aid course. So give him the benefit of the doubt. He doesn’t want you captured, then they wouldn’t have enough trained medics for his guerrilla army. So don’t worry, they will try to pull you out before MacArthur surrenders.”
“I must go, but I am facing death, Mendoza. I feel we, you and me, are being cut short too. I just want to be with you Mendoza. Forever.”
“Me too. I wish you could stay here, and stay with my family. It’s all going to shit.”
“Well, then never mind. Maybe you would just find another taxi dancer.”
“Hey, don’t say that Leo. Please understand that I love you.” With that, he kissed Leo on the lips, and stroked Leo’s hair, and dried the tears running down the sides of Leo’s face.
“Can we just call it quits now, and swim for just five minutes? I need to clean out my rear end, and look up at the sky, and then let’s leave. We don’t have much time!”
“Joaquin said we need to get there before five pm. Because the Red Cross closes then, and you will want to sleep there tonight in their second floor.”
“Shit, it’s almost three as it is.”
“Nice watch you got there Leo! Did someone special give it to you?” asked Mendoza.
“A very handsome boy gave it to me.”
“Ok, one more kiss, and then we swim for a couple of minutes, and then leave. You feeling better now?”
“Mendoza, you did make me feel better. But I got the feeling of doom, and saying nice things just won’t do away with it. Just doom. It’s like my destiny or something. And our nation’s destiny too.”
“Well, you can only do so much. And think about it, you might volunteer as a medic, and have no bad things happen to you! You could survive, never wounded, and always fed. And while your family, and mine too, end up all bayonetted by drunk Japanese! How can we predict the future Leo?”
“We just hope and pray for the best. Only God knows what will happen. So let’s forget about it. You got some soap?”
The two boys cooled down in the water, and bathed. But the solemnity didn’t go away. Leo wanted to make light conversation, and return to being sweet to Mendoza, but just wasn’t up to it. He felt responsible for the happiness of the relationship, but he just couldn’t get out of his gloom. Finally, before putting on their clothes again, he gave Mendoza a quiet hug.
“Hey, Mendoza, I love you! And I am not angry or frustrated with you. You are something solid in my life. A solid good thing. Sorry to ruin our last outing together!”
“Hey, don’t worry so much Leo. I love you too! You too are something solid in my life too. But everyone is feeling the despair right now. We are being attacked, we are being run over, and there isn’t much we can do. I’m worried too!”
“Yes, I just wish I could forget it for an hour, and just relax with you.”
“We will have time, don’t worry. Now, we get dressed, and take the boat to where the truck is parked. Then I give you a ride to San Fernando Red Cross office.” 
“Yes, we should get going.”
“Hey and thanks for the sex. I knew you weren’t really in the mood, but you did it anyway. Thanks Leo! It will give us good memories!”


The Red Cross office was on the Manila North Road, beside San Fernando Hospital. It was little more than a two-story commercial space. Mendoza pulled the truck up in front, and they both got out. Leo said that Mendoza could leave, but he wouldn’t go, his partner wanted to make sure things were ok. Also, Leo suspected that he wanted to make sure that the other boys knew Leo was already taken. 
At the front desk, Leo filled out a form for the advanced first aid class, and then was told that there would be a dinner in an hour, and then an orientation meeting held right afterwards. Leo thought this might be rushing things along, but he said ok. He was directed to the upstairs back room to put away his things. There the Red Cross had extra cots for the trainees had time off.
When the two boys went upstairs, one of the fellow students there was an old friend of Mendoza’s, whom he hadn’t seen in years.
“Hey, Frank, what’s up? What are you doing here?”
“Taking the medic course!”
“My goodness, I didn’t know you would be here. I’m with my partner Leo Alcoreza.”
“Hello Leo, we will be seeing each other a lot. That’s what Don Perico said. But Man, you are returning to the farm, right?”
“Yeah, I wish I could also serve, but I can’t. My father now can’t do things himself very well now.”
“Yeah, I heard about it. Sorry Man! But honestly, I sort of wish I could stay and help my dad! This is going to be intense training!”
“Probably, since there is a war going on.”
“No, didn’t they tell you downstairs? This is going to be twelve-hour days of intensive training. Then we get sent to the front!” 
“Shit!” exclaimed Leo, grabbing one of the shelves. “Just what I thought!”
“How did you hear about this Frank?” asked Mendoza.
“The director told me when I checked in.”
“Oh, all we got was that there was going to be an orientation meeting after dinner.”
“But there is more. The director, Mrs. San Pedro, said in standard nursing aid classes students train by using each other, pretending there are wounds, broken arms, that kind of thing. But in our class, we will work on the injured right away. It will be training under a nurse, because wounded many soldiers are already arriving there at San Fernando Hospital. More is expected.”
“Oh shit Mendoza, I’m not sure that I can handle this!” Leo went to hold Mendoza.
“Leo, you will be fine, it’s just at the start everything is so upsetting,” assured Mendoza.
Frank looked at Mendoza, and laid a hand on Leo’s shoulder and said, “Hey bro, don’t worry so much. We will be ok. I am here to watch out for you, Don Perico told me to help you, because we have some things in common.”
Mendoza looked at him with a questioning look. “About liking guys,” said Frank in a low voice, although the other cots were not occupied.
“See, Leo, Frank will help you,” Mendoza said while squeezing Leo’s shoulder.
“Ok Frank. I can do this, it’s just a bit of a shock right now. So much is expected of us in so little time, with little chance of victory,” admitted Leo.
“Yes, and honestly, there have been many desertions of our troops in the USAFFE. But Leo, we can’t let our nation down,” said Frank.
“Yes, we will do our best! It is what is demanded!”
“Now Man,” Frank said, “You should come back here on Wednesday the 31st, at 3pm. That’s when the Red Cross hopes to have our deployment set up. Our group will be either here or in the hospital. After that, we don’t know where we will be. If there is a change of plans, you will be notified.”
“Ok, thanks Frank for all the information. Leo, you lead me out, and then get some rest for dinner.”
Leo did as he was told, and embraced Mendoza for a final time before Mendoza got in the truck and drove off. 


That next week, the visitation was supposed to be at three pm on Wednesday, but Mendoza and the mom instead arrived at 5pm. They found Leo in the hospital at the nurses’ station, just finishing up his rounds of his patients.
“Your patients! What are you talking about Leo?” asked his mom.
“Well, the main nurse on this wing can’t handle everything. So I got assigned ten cases. “See that nurse over there, she’s good. She oversees my work.”
“How can you do this? You’re not a nurse?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Well, they didn’t have anyone else mom! So they call me assistant nurse!”
“Or maybe ass nurse for short Leo?” asked Mendoza, in an effort to humor Leo.
“You know Mendoza, no one but you has said that!”
“But are you getting trained son?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Well, since Saturday, it’s been fourteen hours a day of crisis!”
“This was supposed to be first aid class!”
“Well, it is first aid. Very advanced first aid they call it. And there are no dummies, just soldiers we do our best on. I even had to pull a bullet out of a guy’s thigh, under supervision, of course.”
“Can’t they get any nurses from Manila to do this work Leo?”
“How mom, we are cut off now! Didn’t you see Japanese patrols when you came here? There are some up north.”
“Oh yes Leo, we saw Japanese. We saw the whites of their eyes, and the end of their rifle barrels. We even talked to them.” exclaimed Mendoza.
“You did what?” questioned Leo.
“Well, that’s not quite correct. More like, we were yelled at! Screamed at.”
“What happened?”
“We walked here!”
“Mendoza, they took your truck?”
“Yes indeed. There wasn’t anything your mom or I could do. We were just driving along, going to San Fernando, when we rounded a corner, and saw a roadblock. I tried to turn around quick, but there were men in the ditches. They fired their rifles in the air. They must have been waiting for a car or truck to pass by.”
“You are not injured?”
“Not really, I was rifle butted though in the gut by an asshole. But just looking at that rifle barrel, it really centered my thoughts. It made me focus.”
“Thanks for taking care of my mom!”
“She helped me too! She stopped me from doing something very stupid!”
“Yeah, like losing your life, and my life, all in five minutes,” added Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Exactly. Now it’s just like what that missionary said. The Japanese will take everything!”
“They haven’t done that yet, but they just might,” added Mrs. Alcoreza. 
“Yes, I nearly peed my pants, honestly. And now, my dad will be upset to find out that we lost the truck.”
“And beware Mendoza, they will probably not steal your farm equipment, because they need rice too, but they will take you rice stocks. Especially if they are stuck fighting the USAFFE in Bataan.”
“Yeah, you are probably right. The next step we should do is hide some of the cavans.”
“Yes, leave some, otherwise they will kill you. You can now use the boat to transport the rice to the market?”
“Yes, but it is going to be difficult, let me tell you. We are going to need a bigger boat, although an engine won’t be needed. The harvest from the farms will be a headache.”
“Leo, can you join us later for New Year! It’s important, and might be the last one together,” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.”
“No mom, I can’t get out of here. You should look at the wards. Every day we get new guys, we are now at maximum capacity, and many are in the hallways.”
“Oh, Leo, even for a few hours?”
“No mom! I just can’t. I can’t go. Besides, we are getting moved out on tomorrow morning.”
“What, pulled out of here! You medic trainees are getting pulled out? I thought you had too many new cases.”
“Oh mom, please don’t make it difficult. Can’t you see, the regular nurses are staying, and the Red Cross volunteers, why, we are going to the USAFFE front. They are retreating fast.”
“What! So soon son! Why the Japanese are hardly here!”
“Mom, you just got held up by them!”
“I think they were renegades! They weren’t an army.”
“According to the wounded here, the Japanese are advancing down here from Pangasinan. Quickly. The main armies are coming here in the next few days.”
“But Leo, where is the USAFFE?” asked Mendoza.
“They are pulling back from the north, and getting trucked up here through town, and getting sent to Lubao. There they are supposed to hold positions behind the Gumain River. That’s where we will get sent.”
“You mean, that in these last two weeks, the Japanese have advanced from Lingayen Gulf all the way down here? Without opposition?”
“Total confusion, that’s what the wounded are telling us.”
“Leo, and you are volunteering to help this army? That is totally confused?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Yes mom,” Leo said with a whiny voice. “Look, I know what you are going to say, but I must. It is my country.”
“Oh God Leo,” Mendoza commented. “You’d do better to go with the guerrillas.”
“We need to do our best in a bad situation. Besides, right now, there are no guerrillas. Remember that’s what Don Perico said to us? So here I am, doing on the job training.”
“A victim of your idealism,” noted Leo’s mom.
“Yes. But I can’t help it. It is what is necessary, can’t you see that?”
“But you will stay close to Manila Bay, in hopes that Perico can pull you out?” asked Mendoza.
“That is the hope. That is what the promise is.”
“If not, you will get killed, wounded or captured, or all three. What a choice!”
“Mom, don’t make it any worse than it is.” By now, Leo was crying. “I must go. I told my students we need to defend our country, against all odds. And now, if their teacher doesn’t do it, why should they?”
“But son, can’t you volunteer some other time? When there is a better chance of success?”
“Oh mom, you don’t understand,” said Leo crying. “Look, I would have, and thousands did, volunteer to fight with Aguinaldo against the American invasion. Even if they clearly knew it was a hopeless cause. And what would our history be if those boys had not volunteered? What a weak and hopeless people we would be.”
“Oh Leo, you have a death wish,” remarked Mendoza.
“Oh no, you are so wrong. I want to live, I want to live with my head held high.”
“Your head will be down under the ground you, you idealistic unrealistic guy,” said Mendoza.
“Do you want to see my patients?”
“No, I don’t. Do you Man?” asked Mrs. Alcoreza. Mendoza shook his head. “We are already too depressed. Let’s go to the cafeteria. They have one here?”
“Why yes, they even have Cokes for sale there.”
“Good! It might be the last one I have for a few years. And this way Leo you can remember this ice-cold Coke when you are in some swamp!” his mother said.
“Mom, I am doing my best! Please don’t make it worse!”
“Oh I know you are. That doesn’t make me the less sad. And to think you won’t see your brothers too!”
“Mom, the Americans might surrender fast! Then we might get out of there fast!”
“Oh, and then you will find another front to fight in. This war hasn’t even started yet, and I’m already sick of it!”
The canteen visit did little to dispel the gloom of the impending transfer of Leo to the front. When the mom went to the bathroom, Leo and Mendoza went to the men’s bathroom to have some privacy. 
“Leo, just do your best. I will take care of your mom. She and Francis will be my responsibility.”
“Mendoza, you are too kind to me. Thank you.”
“I respect your nationalism. Are we going to still be together after this is over?”
“I hope so Mendoza! I do love you.”
“I love you too” Mendoza went over where Leo was standing, and embraced him. “And I know, you will be surrounded by horny guys there. And we don’t know how long it will last. It’s ok Leo, do what you need to do, but with dignity. Just remember your Mendoza is waiting for you.” Leo put his chin on Mendoza’s shoulder, murmured thanks, and cried.
Mendoza and Mrs. Alcoreza embraced Leo in the parking lot, and by this time even Mendoza was crying. Leo couldn’t even wait for them to get a bus, instead he went back to check on his patients. When he looked back at the two, Mendoza was holding up his mom, who looked like she was near collapse. 

Chapter 21

February 18, 1942
It was dusk, and Leo was exhausted. It was his first actual break in six weeks. He had been working nearly non-stop the past month for the USAFFE. At least now, they had stopped retreating, and now had set up a field hospital. My goodness, he hadn’t realized the life and death decisions that he would have to make over the lives of others. 
The other medics had voted him to be their leader, since he had a college education, was good in English, had ROTC training and seemed responsible. Leo had not asked for this, but accepted the role as fate.
In the heat of the withdrawal through Bataan, he often was called on to decide who would get the scarce medicines, and who would have to die without care. Sometimes the soldier’s buddies would come in and plead to save the injured, while Leo, would listen stone faced, promising that they were doing the best they could for the patient. Yet this was really the doctor’s job, but they only had one doctor in this field hospital, so most of the decisions fell on Leo’s shoulders. Besides, their doctor was an alcoholic, who, if not on the operating table or sleeping, was out drinking.
Here in Bataan, the unusual had become the usual, operations without anesthetics, operating non-stop after battles for forty-eight hours with only breaks for meals. Evidently, the Japanese planned to regroup or something, before launching another attack. For the Japs must have learned by now, there wasn’t much left of the American and Filipino forces in Bataan. 
But now, enough of that thought Leo. He just wanted to take a bath before it got too dark. His other medics were on shift, and for the first time since his training with the Red Cross, he had a night off. The thought of bathing, eating, and then sleeping sounded like heaven to Leo. He was so exhausted, thinking was difficult. Such simple pleasures, before the Japanese invasion, would be an easily forgettable night, now took on magical proportions. 
Tonight, Leo was thinking about this doctor. Unlike any other soldier, this guy had a near endless supply of alcohol. Maybe Leo could have a couple of drinks with him? The only problem was, Leo wanted to forget the field hospital, and drinking with the doctor meant that would be their conversation. 
Down on the San Vicente River, there were small groups of men bathing. Other men were washing their uniforms, while others smoked cigarettes and just dazed out at the river. Leo took off his clothes, got out the gugo shampoo, and soaked his loincloth and shorts and shirt. These were the only clothes he had, and it had been six days since he was able to wash anything. And his last bath was two days ago, and his armpits smelled like a dead rat. 
He fell back into the water, and did small circles on his back, looking at the sky, not realizing that he was drifting a bit in the current. Soon his head bumped into a someone’s back, and it startled him, as well as the guy he bumped into.
“Hey, watch out soldier!” said the man. Leo stopped and stood in the waist deep water.
“Shit, I’m sorry! I was just drifting, Soriano? What are you doing here?”
“Alcoreza! What are you doing here?” he replied in a mock, serious tone of voice.
“Hey, this is my bath time in my river! You are disturbing me!”
“Hey, soldier, shouldn’t you be saluting me? Remember I am Lieutenant Soriano!”
“Excuse me! I don’t see any stripes on your arm! And all you got are nipples on your chest! No bars!”
“But you know I am an officer, Sergeant Alcoreza!”
“Excuse me, this is not Sergeant Alcoreza at your service, this is acting Lieutenant Alcoreza! Kiss my ring!” Leo held out his hand for Soriano to kiss. 
“What, a lieutenant?” Soriano lightly slapped Leo’s hand aside. “What on earth! Ahh, you must be lying to me.” 
“Officers do not lie, sir!”
“No really Leo, what are you doing here in Bataan?”
“That is a very long story sir!”
“I’m not that busy, Lieutenant Alcoreza.”
 “Okay. Right after I saw you at UST, Mendoza’s dad had bad heart attack. The dad asked that my family move next to them and to help manage their farms. We thought it would be better than staying in Manila during the war. So we moved to Pampanga. I still wanted to volunteer, and Mr. Mendoza’s leftist friend suggested the Red Cross. So I went there, and me and the rest of the trainees got sent here. And I got promoted to acting lieutenant!”
The naked Soriano now did a snappy salute. “Leo, I am impressed!” 
“Thank you sir! But now, we are screwed!”
“Ahh, you said it! But Leo, I have an invite for you! Come closer, I will whisper! Can your duties spare you tonight? As soon as it gets dark, my regiment will eat, and then have a drinking party!”
“Drinking? You got booze?”
“You said it! Booze. Very high end Japanese saké!” 
“Amazing! How in the hell did you get Japanese saké?”
“In the ‘battle of the pockets’. We wiped out the supply wagons of this Japanese troop. I think they brought the saké for their victory over the USAFFE. So we got it! And I am inviting you to share the booty!”
“Congratulations Soriano. I can, tonight I am off! I am yours!”
“Great! Our camp is just over there, company D, under Major Santos. Just about 60 meters from the river. Can you get there?”
“Oh yes, I just got to wash my shorts and loincloth. See, now I use gugo shampoo! For everything. So I will be there in 20 minutes, and I will be dripping wet!”
“Hey, I’m not doing anything right now. I can help you Leo, or at least talk while you wash up.” 
“Hey, ok. My clothes are across the river,” Leo replied. He noticed Soriano was looking at his butt.  In a lower voice he said, “But hey, don’t look at me too much. You might get excited!”
“Don’t worry, Lieutenant, I will hold myself back for later!”
“Whatever Soriano!” As they crossed back to the other side of the river, Leo said, “This will just take five minutes.”
“Go lieutenant! And by the way, did you get the latest gossip! Dugout Doug promised that thousands of aircraft, and thousands of men are on their way to relieve us!”
“I don’t know how people believe that lying bastard. He is making up stories again,” declared Leo.
“Yes, and he said our supplies are ample! Hell, we are eating half rations, the bullets and grenades half the time are duds, and the mortars, so many things don’t work!”
“I don’t even think he has been here in Bataan! Him and his creased trousers, and his propaganda. I bet the Japs don’t even believe him!”
“He probably doesn’t even believe it himself,” added Soriano. “They say he hasn’t even been to visit Bataan!”
“Here, I will sing to you, an injured American sang this to us. It came from their Battle Hymn of the Republic:
Dugout Doug MacArthur lies a shaking in the rock,
Safe from all the bombers and from any sudden shock.
Dugout Doug is eating the best food on Bataan,
And his troops go starving on!
Soriano laughed. “Shit, I've heard that somewhere. They say, he has this thing against insects and snakes. Can’t stand them. And Corrigedor has better food. And there, he’s got his own house with maids!”
“Yeah, and remember I told you about Mendoza and I visiting Clarke Airbase? He left the airplanes all lined up, ready for the Japs to shoot them all, completely unprepared, a full eight hours after Pearl Harbor.”
“We could go on! But let’s not. You just wash up.” 
“Ok, but you get my back with the soap, I can’t reach back there. Hey thanks. No, Soriano, no, I didn’t say butt. Just my back. No scandals here with the Americans about. Here, here is the soap. You wash yourself up. I will wash the clothes.” 
“Ok now Leo, just how again did you get stuck here with the USAFFE? I think it’s a suicide mission,” said Soriano while he held his hands up to the heavens.
“Ok, you remember Mendoza, yes?”
“Oh of course, I saw you both at UST, the day we left.”
“Yes, so what happened is that I was going to join up Terry Adevoso, like you suggested. We were supposed to meet up again on the following Saturday, December 22. But before that Saturday arrived, Mendoza came to visit my family in Sampaloc. His dad just suffered a stroke and asked his son, my Mendoza, if my family was available right away to manage the books for his farms. So I told Adevoso I couldn’t join him, and my family and I went to see with Mendoza’s dad in Pampanga.
“There the situation looked better. My family would have our own separate house, and my mom could help manage the farms, and be out of harm’s way in Manila. They are also close to a food source. So my mom, and my little brother moved there. My kuya would guard the Manila house, and marry his girlfriend and live in our house in Sampaloc. Mister Mendoza, put me in contact with Pedro Abad Santos of the Socialist Party. He lives in San Fernando, and is a leftist lawyer, pro-peasant. Santos said that they would probably be forming a guerrilla unit, but there hadn’t been a decision yet. He suggested that I get training with the Red Cross in San Fernando and help the USAFFE, at least for the time being. They had no medics for their guerrilla units.
“So I enrolled, and the hospital was suddenly overwhelmed with USAFFE wounded from Central Luzon. This was December 27th.Then the San Fernando fell, and we were sent to Guagua, then Orani, then Abucay, and now in Orion. Always one step ahead of the Japanese.”
“No offense, but do you know what you are doing, like as a nurse? I mean, this is a two-year course.”
“We are doing our best. It’s been a crash course. For instance, most nursing courses practice with dummies or classmates, while we practice on the living, or the barely living. Aha! But we do better than nothing at all.”
“My goodness, you have gotten around! But honestly, are you’re a lieutenant now? How did you get there?”
“Acting only. They had to put someone in charge of the medics, and I was one of the few who knew Tagalog and English, , and who had ROTC experience.”
“Plus you were so cute, with the nicest butt around!”
“Soriano! Look, this promotion has not gone into my head. The agreement with USAFFE is, all the Red Cross medics are going to pulled out before we have to surrender. So what if I am a lieutenant, it doesn’t make any difference in a guerrilla unit. Besides, what good is money in the jungle?”
“Hey, I’m just teasing you Leo! But how are they going to bust you out of here?”
 “For us Red Cross medics, we have to keep close to Manila Bay, so we can be pulled out by boat before any sort of surrender. They have come by here once already and checked up on us.“
“So you can go back to Mendoza?”
“Yes, we are back together, but I would go work with the guerrillas in Pampanga, because by then, I will be a trained medic.”
“I hope you can get out of here. It doesn’t look like we have a long future here!”
“Yes! We all have short lives to live here. Cleaned now, let’s go back to your side of the river now!”
Soriano asked, “Leo, you have a crucifix necklace now? Are you getting religious?”
“Honestly, a little bit, yes. An American chaplain gave this to me. It’s just a cross made of brass, not expensive. But now I hold it when I pray. I’ve been needing to pray a lot as a medic.”
“Before you were not so religious I thought.”
“Well, yes, I didn’t like many of the priests. But this chaplain helped me realize that God is bigger than any church, or any of their sometimes stupid rules. Besides, many of the patients, they need religious help, so I try the best I can.”
“And your patients like it?”
“Yeah, but it makes me feel sort of funny though. A sinning bakla, giving spiritual help.”
“I’m sure God can overlook those little sins, and the men appreciate the effort you make Leo.”
“I hope you are right Soriano. I’ve thought of many of my failings in these past three months.”
“Don’t get too hard on yourself Leo. I bet you are doing a good job. Why think of all those bakla priests!”
“Yes, even the men of cloth sin.”
The river was only waist deep at the crossing. Men were losing weight, and now Leo noticed his friend had too. “Soriano, you have lost weight. Why, I think there are bones now in your rib cage!”
“Well, hello Leo! Look at you! You were never that fat or muscular, and now, why I think I can count all your ribs too. In fact, you look like an X ray!”
“Ha. Well, maybe so Soriano, but now look, your penis is more noticeable now, now that your stomach is caved in! At least it hasn’t shrunk.”
“Yes, it’s still small but terrible! With little pubic hair!”
“Yes, but it is still nice.”
“It’s trying to get your attention Leo!” 
“Oh yes, but remember Soriano junior, you go back to your normal size now! There are those ugly American’s present!”
Discreetly, Soriano cupped his hand around Leo’s butt and rubbed. 
Leo said, “No, not now Soriano. I am getting out of the river and getting dressed. I don’t want to cause a scandal. You follow me!”
“But I can’t get out without causing the scandal!”
“Well, you just relax in the water, and wait till it goes down. I will squeeze the clothes dry.”
Leo looked at Soriano, and saw that he was fully erect. His erection was like the head of a crocodile, just breaking the surface of the water. Leo was only halfway hard, so he put his clothes over his organ, and walked up the riverbank. Soriano followed a minute later.
“Hey Leo, remember that commandant that we had on the bivouac?”
“How could I forget! That jerk who was so anti-bakla!”
“Well, so I thought that those Americans must be so anti-homosexual. But they are not! They have been having sex with some of our guys!”
“Yucky, they are uncircumcised. Some of them are smelly. The medics complain when we have to give them a bath.”
“Yeah, but they like to be sucked!”
“Really? I thought they were so anti-homo too!”
“I bet some are, but some, well maybe they are saying one thing, and doing another!”
“Yeah, like our priests and altar boys!”
“Yes! Did that ever happen to you?”
“No, Soriano, I was never an altar boy. Besides I didn’t want the competition!”
“You haven’t lost your sense of humor Leo!”
Leo was quiet for a minute or two, while putting on his loincloth, and still looking at Soriano. While speaking slowly, he said, “Well, actually, I haven’t laughed in a long time. I can’t remember the last time. So many boys, so many boys, American and Filipino, just die in front of us. Some crying, some quietly, some screaming, some with dignity, some quickly, some in agony and some I wish they would die quicker. 
“And when we have to move, and that’s been a lot of times, well, we have to kill some. Kill! I have to decide which ones are not going to make the trip, and put a pillow over their heads. And we don’t have the drugs, and we only have one doctor, so that means we are often on our own. Even I have amputated legs Soriano! Me, with a saw. We don’t have enough facilities, we don’t have enough medicines, and just even a simple wound can easily end up gangrene, amputation, and then death. I’ve seen it so many times. It’s such a responsibility for us medics, and for me being the leader. So much falls on my shoulders.”
Leo started to stare into space, tears in eyes. Soriano went over to give him a hug. With his head on his friend’s shoulder, Leo cried, Soriano said, “Leo, let it go. You are doing the best you can.”
After about five minutes of quiet, Leo said “Hey, we should stop. The other guys are going to get the wrong idea, especially you being naked.”
Soriano pulled away a little bit, and his penis was now soft, to show there was nothing malicious. “Do not bother yourself what other people think of you. You told me that once, Leo.”
“Yeah, I guess I did, huh.”
“And you are doing the best you can being a medic!”
“Yeah, it’s just the responsibility. It’s so hard. It would be better if I was just a private, but it would still be hard.”
“Yep, I know Leo. But can I ask, why did you get promoted with so little experience? Don’t we got real nurses?”
“No. Not in our field hospital. There are two bigger hospitals near Mariveles, and those have got nurses, but it’s a long trip, and most of our patients couldn’t take it. Our San Fernando Red Cross group are the only medics present. And we only got one doctor. 
“So your advice is, don’t get injured!”
“Oh yes. And don’t get sick either. Don’t come in unless you are really dying. Honestly, my guess is that one third of our troops got either dysentery or malaria. Some have severe cases, and we see to them. But most just stick it out with their units.”
“Sounds pleasant!”
“I think most of us are going to die of sickness, not because of a bullet or shrapnel either.”
“Yes, that’s the case, isn’t it.” 
“It’s just so hard though sometimes. The responsibility, over life and death.”
“Leo, I gotta do the same thing! My men have died in my arms, while I tell them it’s going to be all right, just to give them comfort. Or like this: Tell my men to take this position, knowing full well that most of my men will die doing it. But it’s gotta get done. And I know that my captain, my major, my general, he will do the same thing their troops. Send us to our deaths, and we can’t question it. My unit has already lost one third its men. So sad! We just do it.”
“What a fucked-up situation we are in Soriano.”
“You know Leo, true confessions, some of my men have died because I made mistakes! Like they attack, and I forgot to provide artillery fire for them. And I asked my captain, and he said, that’s what happens in war. Officers make mistakes, and their men die! So I gotta live with that.”
“Yet, just like me, you are doing your best. I know you are. So relax, and just keep doing the best you can Soriano.”
“Yes, and I am sorry that we are both here, but it must get done.”
“I know, what every Filipino here is thinking, in the back of their mind, they are saying to themselves, “I am prepared to die defending my country.” 
“Or they are trying to think of a way to bust out of here.”
“Little chance of that!”
“Well, there is you Leo.”
“Look, I was ready to go here, wasn’t I? Back at UST, but there were no more trucks. And now, look, I am not really USAFFE, I volunteered to be a guerrilla fighter. And I got pushed to be a medic instead. But whatever happens, my boss doesn’t want us to die here. We will be pulled out to fight again. That was the agreement with the USAFFE.”
“Ok, so you are not trying to escape! Sorry, I shouldn’t have said it like that.”
“Hey it’s ok. I am ok with being pulled out, but of course, part of me wants to keep on helping my patients, until the end. I feel sorry for these boys who are going to die.”
“Look, if they are wounded, they will not survive the Japanese army anyway. The Japs will shoot them. We have heard about it being done. Eyewitnesses Leo. The Japanese are nasty.”
“Yeah, we have heard the same thing.”
“But with your situation, well you can get pulled out, and help the guerrilla fighting the Japanese occupation army. You are still of service to your country, plus you will learn much here.”
“Exactly my thoughts.”
“Maybe I should get asked to get pulled out too!”
“I doubt that will happen. This was a prior agreement, for us to help in field hospitals, the Red Cross would pull out their medical staff when the time comes. If it comes!”
“Hell, I was just messing with you.”
“Hey, we get asked this question a lot, if a soldier know the Red Cross arrangement with USAFFE. And explain why it can’t be done. And look at it realistically, the Japanese have boats now in Manila Bay just off of the coast. It will be hard to get through their patrols. So I am not confident of being rescued now. I think it might be impossible, the further this thing drags along.”
“You know, we never know what tomorrow will bring. We just have to good to our fellow man, and do our best. And relax whenever we can. So now is the time Leo!”
“What’s for dinner? A tablespoon of corn beef with half cup of rice?”
“My goodness, what do you think of me Leo. Oh no, this is special. This is kaldereta ala kabayo!”
“Horse meant in tomato and carrot and onion sauce?”
“Well, I can assure that it is horse, and it died yesterday, and there are vegetables.”
“Rice?”
“Captured sticky grain Jap rice!”
“This sounds like the best food I have had in a month!”
“Well, we got lucky, and captured this Jap platoon. Really lucky, because they made a banzai charge, and we shot them all dead. And that was the group guarding supplies!”
“Gosh, thank you so much Soriano. For us, it’s been spam or corn beef every day. We get nothing special.”
“Hey, don’t complain to my men. Sometimes we don’t get any food at all.”
“Ok, I won’t. I know everyone complains about it.”
“Yes, especially those Americans. They eat more than we do, get better food than we do, and they have the nerve to complain.”
“Yes, it’s the same in the field hospital. They get injured and want special treatment. And they complain when they don’t get it.”
“If it wasn’t the Japs that we are fighting, I think it would be the Americans!”
“Hmm. Some are ok to us in the hospital. Maybe one half. The rest complain! You know, we Filipinos have been approached by some of those guys, and asked if we can be their houseboys! They will pay us three dollars a month! My God, that is how some of them think of us. As servants!”
“Yes, those guys really like to complain, huh! Here we are Leo! Good timing, dinner is being served!”
“Hey should I put on my shorts?”
“No, look at the other guys. And me too! Even officers can wear loincloth or undershorts. We are not on the front line. You just hang the shorts on that tree branch so it can dry good. Now, it’s chowtime!!”

Chapter 22

February 18, 1942
The horse was indeed a bit tough, there was talk that maybe it had died of old age, and not killed by artillery the day before. But with the canned tomatoes, the onions, and kangkong it was good. And it was real meat. The Japanese rice was superior to the low-grade rice the Chinese traders sold to the US Army. For Leo, it was certainly the best meal he had eaten since Christmas. And for dessert, there was some kind of sweetened condensed milk with mixed fruits. Delicious. 
The group of men, Leo observed, looked very tired, with war weary looks. He was told that they had just finished killing off a large group of Japanese advance guard who had penetrated the forest. 
Soriano asked him, “Remember Leo, when we had bayonet practice at Philippine Normal? And we said ‘we would never have to really use it, since by now, there were rifles and pistols?’”
“Yeah?”
“Well we did have to use those suckers. In that forest, why, sometimes the jungle was so thick, you could only see two meters ahead. There were no trails. A bayonet was just as quick as a bullet, especially if you didn’t want to call attention to yourself.”
“Didn’t they also have a bayonet too?”
“No, they had bolos. But they had to pull those out, while our bayonet was ready to go.”
“Now that is a lot of blood!”
“And that is why most of us are in loincloth! Because our shorts got so yucky with blood.”
“You guys have been through a lot!”
“You can say that again sir!” 
“Another thing that I learned Leo. We all talked and talked about possible combat before we got sent into battle. But once we saw combat, well, we never want to talk about it again. It’s so horrible.”
“Hmmm. Gosh. We talk about everything in our job. But death becomes an everyday event.”
As they passed around the rice, and the stewed horse parts, the men in the circle asked Leo lots of questions about the field hospital. Leo hadn’t really thought that his job was interesting, but to these men, it seemed fascinating. Perhaps, Leo thought, because one day they might end up in it!
“Sir, do you give the same treatment to the Kano as you do to Filipinos?”
“Of course. Our staff is all Filipino, we don’t discriminate.”
“But sir, we heard that the Kano get more rations than we do!”
“You know, I heard that too! But everyone gets the same one-half cup rice and two tablespoons of protein every meal at the field hospital.”
“I thought you were supposed to give the Americans more.”
“Well, we don’t. Everybody is equal. If something is donated, something special, it is shared equally.”
“Sir, if a patient doesn’t eat his food, what do you do with it?”
“We try stuffing it down the patient’s throat. But if they don’t eat it, of course we eat it.”
“Hey, that’s cheating!”
“Excuse me! Do you know what our shifts are? Twelve hours a day, seven days a week. And sometimes there is overtime. We are busy, always. Really, sometimes I have only gotten half rations, and I collapse from lack of energy. Most of my staff has lost thirty pounds already. Honestly. And, thank you for the dinner, really, but we never get food like this! Never. Day in and day out, nothing is fresh, all comes from a can, or dried tuyo fish or something like that. We can’t ask the cooks to hunt. They are too busy, and we are too understaffed.”
“You gotta work those shifts?”
“Yes, and look, I bet, in ‘the battle of the pockets’, I bet many of you guys pulled a 24-hour, 30-hour shift. Sometimes that happens to us yes, but normally, it’s just extra-long hours. And look, you guys can hopefully rest up the following nights. But for me, this is my first night out in five weeks. I get so tired!”
“Drink some sake, it will make you feel better!”
“Hey, I don’t want to compare your work to my own. All of us are doing our best, American, Filipino, soldier, nurse, cook. We are heroes, unrecognized heroes!”
“Yes, we will try to stop complaining Leo!”
“Thanks. I just want to say, complaining about the Americans, and how they treat us, some of it is completely true. But we are united in fighting the Japanese. And the Kano are fighting beside us, defending our land. Yes, many of their men have retreated, and were dead lazy before the Japanese arrived. So true. Making promises that,” Leo said in a deep MacArthur type voice, ’We will protect you!”
With this, the men laughed with Leo.
“But you know, many of our own countrymen have deserted, thousands perhaps. Our elected leaders as well. And the Kano are still here fighting. Yet it’s no longer their country anymore. We got screwed by the Americans, but getting screwed more by the Japanese.”
“Yes, Leo is right!” yelled out a few of the men.
“Ok, but that is the end of my speech for tonight gentlemen, no more speeches! More fun, less seriousness!”
“I’ll drink to that!”
“Sir Leo, do you have enough medicine?”
“No! Not enough really! We have no more antibiotics. We have used soap and water, bleach and water, vinegar, just to clean a wound!”
“Bleach! That would really hurt! You’d need a lot of anesthesia pain killer for that!”
“Well, we don’t have much of that either. Pretty much gone now. We use just a small amount of morphine, and back it up with marijuana and gin!” That knocks them out!”
“My God, it works?”
“We do the best we can. Sometimes we even had to use a rubber shoe in the mouth, and you know, some patients just bit right through it!”
“Filipino?”
“Ilocano. They will eat about anything!”
“Ha-Ha! And it’s true, the Ilocanos are not really losing weight either! They are eating insects in secret!”
“So deceitful! Ha!”
Leo was quiet for a while, and watched them interact with each other. This group had probably been through hell together, and they watched out for each other nearly unconsciously. A few were had their arms around each other in a brotherly way. It was nice to see. This comradely spirit was good, but how many died in the effort to make their group a fighting unit? 
A few of them came up to Leo, and asked of their friends in the hospital. Leo’s mind was sharp, and could nearly remember the status of every one of their comrades. And he was truthful as well, saying something positive only if the situation called for it. Otherwise, he said to hope and pray for their recovery. 
Leo was peppered with other questions as well. Was it wise to go to the field hospital if it was dysentery or malaria? Leo admitted that they no longer had quinine, not even for the officers that got sick. Instead, they were using, with mixed results, the bark from two trees, the Cinchona and Dita. There were only a few Cinchona trees left in their area though since they grew only in the mountains. The Dita tree was more plentiful, but not as effective. 
For dysentery, again they had run out of medications. They had asked the Aeta tribes in the area, and they were trying tea made with cogon grass, or use guava leaves. The hospital were using these remedies, but Leo said the best thing was to make sure the water was clean before drinking. Prevention is better than a cure. 
Frankly, Leo said, disease and simple wounds are causing more deaths than the actual fighting is. Leo advised them if they had dysentery or malaria, visit the hospital, but don’t stay there. Best if they could keep with their unit, or with a unit on reserve, and rest with them. 
“There are reasons why I say this. Dysentery is very contagious. Just a little shit from one guy, gets mixed up with the food or water with someone suffering from malaria, means now you have two cases of dysentery. And the guys are so sick, they have no control over themselves. We just leave them out naked on top of a metal flat pan, so we don’t have so much stuff to wash. But disease prevention is such a big problem.”
“It seems so smelly! With all that diarrhea all about!”
“It is gross,” agreed Leo. And just one drop of the watery shit in an open wound, ahh, the guy will die! Or one drop of watery shit in a glass of water, means another case of dysentery.”
“That’s horrible!”
“Well, stabbing someone or getting stabbed can be pretty bad too! And watching the blood drain away from your arm when it gets whacked by a bolo, that is also bad. And I bet that has happened in this unit,” observed Leo.
“Yes, and we don’t like to remember it too much. It’s too gruesome.”
“Yes, sometimes it’s best to forget. Just try to recall the events, so you know what to do better next time.”
“Yes, we do that sir, we do that. But we try not to dwell on it too much.”
As the night got later, Leo got sleepier. Really he was exhausted from his long shifts. He asked Soriano if he could leave.
“Hey of course Leo. I think though we are going to have to wade across the stream though.”
“Hey, it’s not a we thing, I know my way back from that stream. That’s the place where we do the laundry for the hospital. So you leave me off there, Soriano.”
“Ok, ok, just to the stream then.”
“I’ll grab my shorts though, but I won’t bother putting them on, cause I’m gonna get wet anyway again.”
Soriano wrapped his arm around Leo’s shoulder, and Leo waved goodbye to his friend’s men. “They are a good group of fighters Soriano. You have done well.”
“Just like you, we learned under fire. Most of these guys never used a bayonet before, no practice on dummies. Just the real thing! Never heard artillery, never threw a hand grenade. And now, they are professionals!”
“You deserve praise Soriano!”
“We all do Leo, we all do,” replied the lieutenant. “Hey, can we take a quick detour Leo?”
“Ah, ok!” Leo felt his friend’s hand on his butt again. 
“Is this ok, with our friend Mendoza? I don’t want you to get in trouble.”
“Yeah, he likes you, and sex is ok, he just wanted to make sure I will come back to him. And I will.”
“He is a good boy for you Leo. I think you two are good together.”
“Yes, thanks. Hey, but it’s ok, you and me.”
“Great Leo! It will be nice.” They came to a small bank beside the river. Leo and Soriano kissed each other’s neck, ears and face. Soriano used his tongue when exploring Leo’s mouth. Then Soriano gently pushed Leo down, so his face was in front of his loincloth, and kept caressing Leo’s hair. The front of Soriano’s loincloth was wet from his semen even before he had ejaculated. Leo’s nose moved around the erection, and pulled the cloth aside with his teeth, exposing the erection and eggs. He tried to get both eggs in his mouth at once, but they were too big. Leo licked and then sucked the head, while Soriano held on to a branch above, and massaged Leo’s head with the other hand.
It only took a few minutes before Soriano started to throb, and his juice came out into Leo’s mouth. 
After a minute, Leo said, “I missed you Soriano.”
“I missed you too. And you feel great Leo! You nursed me back to health!”
“Yes, and think, I got my fitness drink for the month! It was another mouthful of vitamin E.”
“Was it good Leo?”
“Well, it was like the fountain of Nagtahan. So much came out!”
“Did it taste good?”
“Funny, it tasted like an old horse and canned tomatoes!”
“Ahhhhh. I think it must have been better than that!”
“Ok, sweet, like halo halo from the Milky Way Restaurant. With makapuno, ube jam, shredded coconut, kaong, and vanilla ice cream!”
“Leo, my God, stop! I’m going to get hungry again!”
“Yes, and if I don’t leave soon, you will get horny again! It was a great evening Soriano!”
“No, just a second Leo. You need a release too. My turn.” Soriano spotted some gugo shampoo in a half coconut shell. He dipped his right hand in it, and put Leo’s backside against his chest. He whispered, “Try this. It’s nice and slippery!”
Soriano pulled down Leo’s loincloth, and lathered up the erection and eggs, and rubbed Leo’s belly with his other hand. Leo put his head back onto Soriano’s shoulder, and lightly moaned. He leaned his head over, and Soriano planted a kiss on his cheek while Leo started to pant. Moving from the erection to the eggs and then back again, Leo instinctively started to push his hips back and forth. Soon, was straining, while Soriano slowed down, and finally let Leo release. 
Leo nearly collapsed after ejaculating. Soriano had to hold him up. Soriano planted a kiss on Leo’s check, patted his butt, and Leo said, “Thank you. It was wonderful!” Leo picked up his clothes and walk into the water, and waved at Soriano when he was halfway across. 
It was the end of a short and sweet vacation. Leo thanked God again for not only giving him a good family, but good friends as well.
Chapter 23

March 30, 1942
By April, Leo and the other Red Cross men felt abandoned. There had been one visit in February by a boat landing in Orion, with a message from Luis Taruc that they were going to be pulled out as soon as the situation got bad. This was reassuring, but now it was April, the situation was bad, but still no pullout. 
The hospital usually had no power, and the telephone lines were often cut. The staff kicked out anybody who wasn’t going to die right away. Even in cases like malaria, dengue, and dysentery were not given a bed unless they were near death. Some patients did sleep in the under sinks and in the bathrooms, but most were just kicked out, for they couldn’t do much for them anyway. In fact, Leo guessed that one half of the soldiers had wounds or were ill. What could the field hospital do? It was already overwhelmed.
Oh, and the food problem. Really it was hard to stay healthy when the entire army was on one-third rations. This equaled one bowl of rice and a tablespoon of corned beef per day. The staff did find food supplements, such as kangong grass, but there wasn’t enough to go around. The supplies planning for the retreat into the Bataan Peninsula had many shortcomings. 
As it was, MacArthur had only visited Bataan once, and that was for eight hours. And then, in the middle of March, he said he was ordered to leave on the orders of President Roosevelt. So he was rescued, along with his family and maid on a PT boat. But for the other soldiers, they really now felt abandoned. And when he said “I shall return!” in far-away Australia, the writing was on the wall. There was not going to be a rescue. 
Roosevelt pulled out MacArthur because the president thought a rescue was impossible, Leo figured out. And this was probably that was true, all of Southeast Asia was taken, and the Japanese were busy invading far away Burma. So, thinking about geography, how in the hell were they going to get rescued anytime soon? How could a bunch of rescue cargo ships outrun the Japanese navy and air force? Leo felt the same dawning of hopelessness as the rest of the troops. It was doom!
The only good thing Leo could see was the month of March, the Japanese were quiet. Perhaps they thought that they could starve the peninsula into submission, and with it Corregidor too. It might have been a good strategy, because the fighters on Bataan were indeed starving and in need of medical supplies. 
But Corregidor was standing in the way of ships coming in and out of Manila Harbor. And Bataan was standing in the way of an invasion of Corregidor, so here the USAFFE was, just waiting for the Japanese to regroup and launch their attacks again. 
The troops just couldn’t defend their positions well with one half of the men sick, and everyone starving. The Americans and Filipino troops kept bragging about how many Japanese were killed in their attacks, but still, how can a man fight on a stomach that hadn’t been filled up in a month? 
One of the problems was air support. The Americans had no more planes. The Japanese flew their reconnaissance missions without a care in the world, knowing that no one could oppose them. Japanese Zeros would shoot anything that moved on the roads, the only movement that could be done was at night, or in the jungle itself. 
This was demoralizing, and made Leo feel like a little laboratory rat that he saw at school. No longer was the rat in charge of its fate, instead his life was determined by the whim of the enemy. 
Yet Leo was an officer, and didn’t want to transfer his fears to his staff or his patients. The American doctor was clearly depressed, and took to drink most of the time, yet Leo covered for him as well. In this situation, complaints do little good. Leo thought that it was best just to bear with the problems. Even if these problems were near the breaking point. 
In mid-March Leo started a cleanliness drive. His staff didn’t like it so much, but Leo took the lead in cleaning under beds, and keeping the place tidy. This was difficult, in a large ward that smelled of diarrhea and piss, but he was doing the best he could do. He made sure that the roof didn’t leak in case of sudden summer rains. He had the roof painted white, with a big red cross over the center. So far, it hadn’t leaked, nor been hit by the Japanese. Thank God for small blessings. 
With the area now better cleaned, there was less mosquitos in the recovery areas. And the flies were lessened, now that the amputated body parts were quickly buried behind the hospital. Before, many patients had wanted the body parts, tagged and put under sand, so if the soldier died, he could be buried reunited with his missing limbs. Leo had stopped this practice, arguing that it was an unsanitary, and besides, the body doesn’t go to heaven, the soul does, so if the corpse had missing parts, so what? 
On March 25, the Japanese got their reinforcements. The air raids really stepped up. Dive bombers hit targets with accuracy, and heavy Jap bombers from 15,000 feet flew unopposed over Corregidor and Bataan. They had new 500-kilogram bombs. The enemy had new types of artillery as well, and they seemed to have an endless supply of ammunition. For the Red Cross medics there was more bad news. Filipino fishing boats had been made into Japanese patrol boats, and stood watch just outside of American artillery fire. 
On March 29, which was Palm Sunday, an event caused fear in the hospital. One of the big field hospitals got hit in Mariveles, with 33 killed, and 78 wounded. Hospitals were forbidden to be a target of wartime, yet this was hit. This was bad, especially since they had no air raid shelters to put the patients, nor the staff. It wouldn’t have been practical anyway, since there were no air raid warnings as such, men just yelled out when they saw bombs drop. 
For Leo, the only reassurance came from the Japanese: On the radio they apologized for the bombing, and said the mistake would not be repeated. So, Leo and his men kept hoping for the best. 

Salvation arrived the following day. It was through a wet young man named Pedro, dressed in only a loincloth. He was spotted by Frank, one of the medics, near their barracks of the hospital. 
“Sir, this boy says he is from San Fernando, here to take us!” reported Frank. “He claims that he was sent to get us out of here tonight. He wants to speak with us.”
“Terrific! We might get saved after all. Does this boy seem to be on the up and up? Does he know what he is talking about?”
“Oh yes sir, he knows about us, and knew your name.”
“Ok, let’s call a quick meeting of all medics. I think only two are missing, looking for herbs in the forest. I have to do a last rites for my patient. I can get there in ten minutes.”
“Yes sir, I will call the others. We can meet in our barracks.”
“Very good!” 
And now to the patient. Here was an unconscious boy, Filipino, dying of an infected shrapnel wound to the head. With proper medications, the boy would have recovered. Another boy dead due to bad planning. That was bad, but Leo had to act as the priest, which he was not. 
 Leo stood by the bed, and with his palms raised, prayed for God’s forgiveness. Then, with other patients watching him, Leo took out his crucifix and laid in on the chest of the dying boy, and said aloud, 
Through the holy mysteries of our redemption, may almighty God release you from all punishments, in this life and in the world to come.
May he open to you the gates of paradise and welcome you to everlasting joy. 
And then, turning to the patients around him, encouraging them with raised palms, Leo prayed with them the Lord’s Prayer. 
Leo did not like doing the last rites, but since there was usually no priest, Leo had to do it himself. He felt like an imposter. But it was necessary to do, and he could imagine other patients, how they would feel about their own impending death if they thought they would die without any sort of Catholic ceremony at all. So, Leo was doing his best.
The boy still was hanging on, but Leo knew the end was in sight. Better to do it now, before death, he thought. This would give reassurance to the injured boy that death was just a transition, and make the others patients fell not so neglected.
Now, he could walk away from sadness, and transfer to joy! They finally were being rescued! Don Perico was finally coming through. The messenger was still in his loincloth, but a couple of the medics were also in theirs, since their shift was later, so Leo thought it was ok. Besides, it was the start of another hot summer day. Leo went back to the barracks and called the meeting to order.
“This man has an important message for all of us. Are most of us here? Good. This will be a short meeting. Ten minutes max, because we need to get back to work. Go sir!”
“Hello, I’m Pedro, I have letters from your relatives with me to give to you after this meeting. I also bring greetings from my commander, Luis Taruc. Don Perico unfortunately was arrested, and is being held in Fort Santiago, and Taruc has taken his place. Patriotic forces of Central Luzon have formed the Hukbalahap, or the people’s army against the Japanese. We need your medical services back in Pampanga, where our guerrilla fighters are already engaging the enemy. Of course you are free to stay here and help the USAFFE fight it out with the Japanese, or join us. There is a small steamer in the mangroves waiting to take you back tonight. 
“Thank you Pedro. But how do we know that you are what you say you are?”
“Go ahead and ask me details, and I can answer. For instance, you are Leo Alcoreza, and your boyfriend is Manny Mendoza of Santo Niño, and you two were kissing in Don Perico’s library three days before Christmas.”
The other medics broke into laughter, and Leo rolled his eyes. He raised up his palm and said, “It was a quick kiss.”
“Yes, and I saw it with my friend Joaquin. You want more details!” Pedro said with a smile.
“Yes, yes! Tell us,” two of the medics called out.
“Ok, no more details please. You might know too much,” replied Leo quickly.
“Ahhhh!” a couple of the men sighed. 
Leo took control of the meeting. “Ok men, can we see a show of hands who wants to leave with Pedro? Can I just say though, that if every medic leaves this hospital, this place will only have four medics and one doctor for six hundred patients. Some of our patients will die because of lack of care. Just keep that in mind. This is just a show of hands, you can change your mind later.”  
Actually, Leo was torn in his decision. There were good reasons to stay. There was Soriano, who he might not love, but he was a good friend. Of course, a big reason to stay was the duty in the hospital. That was a big responsibility to abandon.
On the other hand, there was his lover, Mendoza, his mom, and family, and the safety of Pampanga. Also, Soriano could be easily moved out by the military on an hour’s notice. Soriano’s placement was temporary, especially thinking that if rumors were true, food and ammunition would be exhausted within two weeks. Then they would have to fight it out or surrender to the Japanese. 
Most of the wounded probably would get shot by the victorious enemy. If he was a medic with the guerrillas, he could fight on until the Japanese were defeated.
Leo asked the group, “Ok medics, who wants to leave with Pedro tonight? You can change your mind, but we need to plan things out. Who wants to leave tonight?”
All the medics raised their hands, including Leo. “Shit, this is going to leave the hospital very short handed. No one wants to stay?” No hands came down. “Well,” Leo added, “Pedro it looks like you will get a clean sweep! You will have twenty passengers tonight.”
“Ok medics,” proclaimed Pedro, “one demand. You cannot talk about this evacuation to anyone. No blabbermouths allowed. Not the hospital boss here, nor your patients, nor your friends. It must remain secret. If you talk, word will get out, and the boat will be overloaded and sink. So no talking to anyone.”
“Pack one small bag only and be ready to ship out at 7pm tonight. This will be the first and last trip. And don’t talk about it with anyone!” declared Pedro. Then he handed over the letters to Leo, who gave the to one of the men to distribute. 
Leo got one from his mom, and one from Mendoza. He didn’t want to open it up right away, he decided to do it at lunch. It was going to be a special treat.
Leo announced that there would be a quick planning meeting at 5pm, and then dismissed the men. Pedro came up to him to give him a message.
 “Mendoza will be waiting for you at his farmhouse. That is where we will get down off the boat, and spend the next few days. He is worried for you Alcoreza.”
“Thanks Pedro. Shit, decisions are hard to make sometimes. But necessar. I’ll go back to my duties. You ate already?”
“Yes, Frank gave me some food. Thanks. Maybe I could just sleep here?”
“Yes, you do that, it’s quiet enough here, and at least we got a fan going.” 
“Hey, thanks sir! And I am sorry to embarrass you like that talking about the kissing scene.”
“No, it’s ok. Sometimes the men make jokes about me, and it’s ok. Hey, but it was a quick kiss!”
“Yes, it was, but for me and Joaquin, it was something different, we never saw two guys kiss before!”
“It’s really not a big deal. But I get back to my rounds. Sweet dreams!”
As he left the barracks, tried to think of a way to tell Soriano he was leaving. That would be difficult, without disclosing the secret. The best way would be give a message to an orderly once they were walking out to the boat, and tell him to deliver it the following day. And even then, leave the note vague. Soriano would catch on what the meaning was. 
He went back to the boy with a shrapnel wound, who was now dead. He got an orderly to take away the corpse and prepare a new bed. Leo went to see a big American soldier who had gotten his leg amputated, and was in danger of gangrene.
While examining him, Leo overheard the soft rumble of airplanes overhead, but they seemed way up, and he pushed it from his mind. Then, he heard the whistle of bombs. It was not a far-away whistle either, it just got louder and louder.
“Everybody down. Staff, under the beds now! Cover!” he yelled out.
Leo dived under the American’s bed. The whistling just got more intense, taking forever as the bomb fell. He thought, well, this is it! This is the end. Leo heard the bomb crack through the metal roof, and then a whoosh as his body, the bed, the patient and everything was thrown into the sky.

Chapter 24

April 22, 1942
Lieutenant Soriano was stumbling, but was determined the man he was supporting fall. His men had been through hell together, and it was nearly the end of the trip. If he dropped the guy, he’d be shot or stabbed by the Japanese. That’s just what the Japanese did to the wounded. The prisoners had been told they would be transferred to Capas, Tarlac via the railroad. At least that way, the wounded man could rest, thought Soriano. 
He had never been to San Fernando before, and they were being marched towards the railroad yard. It was the only town of any size he had seen since last December. As he was walking through, he was wondering where the Red Cross office was, and which hospital Leo had worked in. Soriano also thought about Mendoza, for he lived somewhere near here. 
The Japanese didn’t have very many guards about, but then, no prisoner could run away either. Many had not eaten at all in the last two weeks, and many were dying of thirst. 
Soriano’s group though had been lucky. They had eaten two days before a dog and some mung beans. A small village had taken pity on them and donated 10 kilos of beans. The dog gave himself as a donation. Another saving grace really had been bathing in Culo river for two hours, while the Japanese tanks passed them by. Fortunately, the water had been clean. No one had gotten sick. 
Still, the march had been a horrible ordeal. The Japanese treated everyone bad, but especially the Filipino soldiers. Soriano thought that the Japanese had no respect for Asians who fought beside their colonizers. Soriano had seen men beaten to death, stabbed, clubbed, tripped, run over, spat upon and kicked. Many guards took pleasure humiliating prisoners. Most of the time, they were not allowed to drink, even if they were in sight of running water. If they asked for water, they were shot. Soriano saw hundreds of dead men on the side of the road.
The final stop was the parking lot of the railroad station. There, surrounded by six-foot wrought iron fence, the prisoners waited for the railroad cars to arrive so they too could take the trip to Capas, and then to Camp O’Donnell. In the parking lot, there was no bathroom, so the men who had diarrhea had to pull down their shorts in the corner and let it out. Like everywhere else, the Japanese did not provide water, sanitation, health services or anything. Clearly, the Japs wanted the sick to die before they got to the POW camps.
It was about 630pm when they had reached the railroad parking lot, and darkness was settling in. Although Soriano was going to get his uniform dirty, there was no choice but to lay down on the dirt, and put his head down on the thigh of his friend. He was exhausted. Just when he was about to doze off though, one of his men shook his shoulder. 
“Sir, sir, there is someone calling for you! A boy and a woman. Over there, near the yellow post.”
At the distance, he couldn’t really tell who it was, but got up, bones creaking, and went over to see what the problem was. Two people were behind an iron bar fence.
“Soriano! Soriano, it’s me!”
“Shit! Mendoza! And you, you must be Mrs. Alcoreza! Hello,” he said in a serious tone of voice.
“You are alive Soriano! Congrats! Many of the soldiers are dead, they say.”
“Yes, it has been a horrible, horrible hell. The last four months of my life.”
“Soriano, I know you don’t know me, but I want to know about my son.”
“I am sure you do ma’am. And I am sorry to report to you this. He is dead. The Japanese bombed the hospital where Leo was working about two weeks ago. When I heard the bomb, I went down from my position right away. Leo must have been close to the impact of the 500-kilo bomb, and been killed instantly. He was thrown through the air, and landed on a tree about fifteen meters from the hospital itself. I got him down, and gave him a burial.”
Mrs. Alcoreza collapsed, silently, and nearly fell to her knees. Fortunately, Mendoza held her up.
“I’m sorry to bring you bad news like this.”
“It’s ok Soriano, at least now we know. And it was good he died in the line of duty,” answered Mendoza in a voice without emotion.
“Leo had been promoted to lieutenant. My men who had been confined to his hospital always said how quick he was, efficient, and got along well with the patients. Doing his best even if there was no medicine to give out. He worked his butt off.”
“Yeah, he was really was a pro-Filipino guy, who made his sacrifice,” added his partner.
“Mendoza, I also want to say, he loved you. He did. Leo wanted you to give you back the Matibay watch. Here. And to you Mrs. Alcoreza, these two things, his wallet, and crucifix. He had become more religious as a medic. This was his wish.” Soriano slightly bowed his head.
“He expected to die there?” asked Mendoza.
“Well, we both felt it was sort of inevitable. So we gave each other instructions,” Soriano said, looking far away at the sky, fearful of crying as well.”
“Soriano, he talked about me?” asked Mendoza.
“Of course he did. He loved you. And he desperately wanted to get back to his family and to you. But it didn’t work out. For that, I am sorry.”
Mendoza head was hanging low, and tears were streaming down his face.
“Hey, Mendoza, it’s ok to cry. You should have seen me. He was such a loss to me too. And to many of the soldiers as well. I am sorry for everything,” Soriano replied, shaking his head uncontrollably. 
“Thanks for giving us these things. And the messages,” said Mrs. Alcoreza. “His brothers will be so upset.”
“Gosh, this is difficult. But I should get back to my men.”
“No, no Soriano! Do not get on the train!”
“It sounds better than walking!” replied Soriano.
“No, these are boxcars, very hot boxcars squished with men. You will overheat. They will put you in there, standing room only, and move you out in the morning. Then they will send you to the Camp O’Donnell and they do not have it set up yet. That camp is as organized as this parking lot is. No facilities at all. The Japanese want to kill you men off through starvation and disease. Escape now,” declared Mendoza
“You just stay right here, son,” she added. “See this iron rod here? It moves! In about ten minutes, it will start to thunder and lightning. As soon as a good lightning bolt hits overhead, right afterwards, you will jump through the fence. Then we will take you away on a boat, parked one block away.”
“It sounds too easy!”
“Yes, it is easy, but if too many men get away, the guards will start shooting. So, only you right now.”
“I just feel like I would be abandoning my men.”
“There will be enough other officers to organize the prison camp. You can’t improve the conditions there Soriano.”
“Ok, let me see how my men are doing, and I will be right back.”
After ten minutes, as the thunder grew louder, and lightening sparked across the distant skies, Soriano came back.
“I’ve delivered them as far as it is necessary.”
“Yes, and you can do more for your nation as a guerrilla fighter rather than a prisoner,” added Mendoza.
“Honestly Mendoza, these last four months, I’ve had my share of sacrifice. We have lived a non-stop nightmare. I just want to rest.”
“It’s ok Soriano. We understand, we will make home cook meals for you and you can sleep,” said Mrs. Alcoreza.
“Come on bro, the lighting is getting close. See how this bar moves? See, I am going to move it on the next strike. Then you jump through,” Mendoza ordered. "Now unbutton your shirt. You take it off right when you come through.
“Ok, I got it! Here comes the bolt, and here I go!”
Mendoza quickly moved the iron rod aside, and Soriano slid through the gap. Soriano stripped off his shirt, leaving only his shorts and boots on, and walked behind Mendoza and Leo’s mom. 
This was the right decision to take, for Leo was their common bond. 


the end



