
A Senior Moment: The Blog
A Novel by D.G. Marshall
VERSION 11

Published by Talon Lake Press at Smashwords 


Copyright 2020 

Cover design by x-height Graphics Inc.

\

To the Reader

Many thanks to the readers and friends who have provided editing suggestions for this novel.
The typo gremlins are insidious.

Please note that I use Canadian spelling throughout. You will see doubled letters (e.g. focussed, gratefull), ou’s (e.g. colour) and ‘re’ (centre) as well as a few other differences from American spelling.


Disclaimer: This is a novel people. That means it is a work of fiction for those of you who did Grade 12 English by correspondence school. This is not a dramatization of real events. It is a novel. Fiction. Not real. Made up. Consequently, no matter how hard you try— or wish it to be so—there is not a single character in this book that reflects, resembles or is modelled upon any individual alive, presumed dead or wished dead. I did have Grandparents that were extremely influential in my life, but would roar in their graves with laughter with any suggestion that Chuck or Brenda mirror their earthly existence. As for the other people in the book, they are simply too caricatured for any sane reader to think that such people actually exist.
So go crazy. Read the book without any guilt —or nervousness that you are exposed.
Please direct all angry comments about this novel to:
Talonlakepress@gmail.com They know where to find me.
KF


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
ISBN: 978-0-9881598-3-9
Thank you for downloading this E book. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. 



Dedicated to my grandparents who always listened.
A Senior Moment: The Blog


Blogging is graffiti with punctuation.
Dr. Sussman (Elliot Gould) in Contagion, 2011


Old people love to give good advice; it compensates them for their inability to set a bad example. Francois de la Rochefoucauld



Table of Contents
Cover Page
A Senior Moment: Part One
Blog 1: An Indulgence
Blog 2: A Missed Opportunity
Blog 3: Ooh! My aching Pickleball knee?
Blog 4: Am I slurring my words?
Blog 5: Love me or Leave me
Blog 6: All my 400 bff
Blog 7: Golf: The Obsession Theme Again
Blog 8 Golf Obsession part 2
Blog 9 How ya feelin’?
Blog 10: Progeny Problems
Blog 11: Show me the Money Honey. 
Blog 12 A Senior Moment: Ha! Ha!
Blog 13: Mobile Culinary Art
Blog 14 Fore!
Blog 15: Golf Gizmos and such 
Blog 16: Alice B. Toklas golf
Blog 17: The “Revolution” starts
Blog 18: Avoiding the Revolution
Blog 19: Thump, Thump. Where am I?
Blog 20: A Case of Selective Memory
Blog 21 Things ain’t what they used to be…
Blog 22: A senior Moment?
Blog 23 “Go take a pill.”
Blog 24 “Tuesday night at the movies”
Blog 25 A Senior Moment: Woof! Woof!
A Senior Moment: Part 2
Blog 26: The First Day of the rest of your life: 
Blog 27: Life is about passwords
Blog 28: Back on schedule
Blog 29: The family pays their respects
Blog 30: The Brain drain contingency. 
Blog 31: Merry Christmas…A Cuckoo’s Nest
Blog 32: The only innovations in golf today
Blog 33: Happy New Year—Settling into dementia
Blog 34: The caregiver
Blog 35: Simulator Golf
Blog 36: Grandpa
Blog 37: The Simulator Surprise
Blog 38: A Misspent Youth
Blog 39: The Granny scam.
Blog 40: Another Call
Blog 41: An Action Plan
A SENIOR MOMENT: PART THREE
Blog 42 Katherine: A prologue
Blog 43: Freedom Ain’t Worth Nothin’…
Blog 44: Best laid plans…
Blog 45: Revenge is sweet…
Blog 46: A sucker is born every moment...
Blog47: Where's Grandpa?
Blog 48: Finding Kat…
Blog 49: Find your friends...
Blog 50: A digital mystery...
Blog 51: Dead Ends...
Blog 52: Found you...
Blog 53: Setting the Hook…
Blog 54: The Grandpa scam…
Blog 55: Information is King…
Blog 56: Family is everything…
Blog 57: Poor Demented Gramps…
Blog 58: Gotcha…
Blog 59: Follow the Money….
Blog 60: The Truth shall set you free... 
Blog 61: Found him…
Blog 62: Convergence….
Blog 63: Fine Dining…
Blog 64: A Strategy…
Blog 65: Moonlight sonata…sort of…
Blog 66: A steady diet of creampuffs…
Blog 67: Best laid plans…
Blog 68: Love it when a plan…
Blog 69: Confusion…
Blog 70: Finger magic…
Blog 71: Time to Leave...
Blog 72: The unravelling…
Blog 73: Now a plan comes together…
A Senior Moment—OK Boomer…PART FOUR
Blog 74: Loose ends…goodbye friends

Prologue
Even before the phone call, Christine McTague, the first woman to lead the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, was not having a good day. Of course, the 'Mounted' part of the label was a throwback to the early days of Canadian confederation when 'Mounties' patrolled a lawless west on horseback. The modern agency still takes pride in their mounted origins and has a special unit that stages a musical ride throughout the country. But on September 8th, 2019 the only mounting the force was supposed to do was in their fortified, souped up, Ford Explorers. "Supposed to do," she smirked to herself as she faced the 20 cm tall stack of folders on her desk documenting sexual harassment complaints where the 'mounted' had a different connotation. She didn't think it was fair that simply because she was a woman it was expected that she would unwrap, undo and resolve decades of harassment in the historically male and military cultured organization. It would take her three evenings —days were too full of meetings—to read and study these files. And they were only the most egregious cases. 
"Good morning Senator," she forced a cheerful and warm voice as she glanced at the caller's identity and tapped the Apple earbud. "Welcome back to the city." She knew that Harold Swithwold had spent labour day weekend at his summer home on an Island in the Temagami area northern Ontario. 
"Good morning Commissioner," Smithwold offered. "Yes. It was a beautiful weekend on the lake, but I am glad to be back at work. I'll see you see you at the Foreign Affairs and International Trade meeting later today?
McTague smothered a sigh. "For sure. I'm looking forward to it." Along with the Executive Director of CSIS she had been invited to answer questions about foreign interference in national elections. She and her staff  were trying to figure out how to answer the questions without answering them. "Too much information..." the officer in charge of those investigations had mocked when he had learned she would be questioned at the meeting. 
"Great," Smithwold replied. "But that isn't why I called you today. I have another—partly personal—matter that I want to discuss with you."

"How can I help," McTaque hid her concern. It was always a problem when someone like a senator calls the commissioner on a personal matter. She didn't fix tickets. 
"It's a family matter," he offered. "You might remember that my son was taking a gap year and travelling in Asia?"
McTaque took his pause as an expectation that she would remember —and acknowledge— something he had shared two months ago at a Senate summer barbecue. She did remember. Not because Smithwold was especially memorable. He was a mousy and loud Conservative who told everyone who would listen that he was a direct descendent of a 17th century voyageur and consequently it was in his genes to spend his weekends carrying a Kevlar canoe over 50 metre portages. She remembered his son's story because her daughter was doing much the same, although it was art classes on the Sorbonne and not drunken orgies on a beach in Thailand. She imagined that Smithwold was just the kind of father that gap year children strove to escape. She had wondered at the time if she was that kind of mother. "Yes," she exclaimed. "Of course I remember. Thailand wasn't it? Is he still there?"
"Oh yes," he sighed. "As best as we can gather he and three other guys he met there have set up house on a beach in Phuket. But we only hear from him when he wants some money. Apparently offering windsurfing lesson doesn't pay very well. But I haven't heard from him since early July, so maybe he has found some way to be self-sufficient. Legal of course," he added.
"Of course," she assured him. "But how can I help your son in Thailand? If there is a concern you would be better calling External Affairs?"
"It's not my son, Commissioner," he offered. "It's my mother."
"Mother?" 
"Yes. My 89 year old mother lives alone in a senior residence in Guelph. Dad died ten years ago, but she is still quite independent. Has her own two bedroom apartment. Manages her own money. She only gave up her driver's licence last year." He chuckled. "Apparently has quite an active social life as well."
"Sounds good," McTaque offered as she checked the time on her iPhone. She had a meeting with her Deputy in 5 minutes. "We can only hope that all of us have that life at her age."
"For sure," he offered. "My family has the genes. But here's the issue. Two days she got a call from Scott. That's my son. He told her that he was in jail in Thailand and needed money for a lawyer to help him out. He said he was innocently caught up in a drug bust and if she just sent him five thousand then a lawyer could get him released. Then the lawyer called her to tell her where to send the money. They asked for bitcoin, but she didn't really know what that was so they told her how to do a Western Union transfer."
"Oh," McTague quietly responded, knowing now where this story was going. "Did she send it?"
"Yes," he solemnly answered. "She told me about is this morning after she realized that something was wrong. I sent an urgent message to Scott and of course when he replied he assured me that he had not called and he was not in jail."
"Donald," she tried to be soothing. "I'm so sorry that this happened to your mother What would you like me to do?" 
"Well," he announced. "Apart from the fact that I am shocked that we let this sort of thing go on in Canada, I want you to find these crooks and arrest them. "
McTague wasn't sure how to respond. She was well aware of the extent of the scam operations that went on in Canada. The federal government had built a webpage dedicated to informing Canadians about active scams, and the RCMP partnered with the Ontario Provincial Police to establish the Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre in North Bay. It  did its best to document telemarketing fraud, but she was also aware that there was not much her agency could do. Most of the scam operations were located off-shore and popped up and down like a whack a mole game. In addition, most of the scams stayed to small scale hustles, and a few thousand dollar scam wasn't significant enough to allocate scarce RCMP resources. They were more interested in the multi- million white collar crimes that they could actually uncover and prosecute. Add to this the fact that most victims of these scams were often reticent —too embarrassed—to make a formal complaint, then there was not much anything official could be done.
"I am making a formal complaint, Commissioner" he added. "I want these guys caught and prosecuted."
McTaque thought for a moment. "We would need an official, written complaint from your mother."
"Should be in your in box now."
McTague glanced at her desktop screen and saw the message in the top corner of the screen. She wondered how he had her private email address. "Got it Don." She opened the message and saw the attachment was ten pages long."
"She includes all details. Phone numbers of the callers. Western Union details etc."
" Ok Don," she replied in her most official voice. "We will take care of it. Someone will get back to your mother. That ok?"
"Appreciate it Christine. Thanks for your attention to this. I look forward to hearing from you."
McTague glanced at her phone again. She only had a few moments to think about this issue. She knew that the Fraud Squad —as they were called within the business—had file cabinets full of such complaints. And she knew that very few were resolved. The infamous —at least in police circles— Costa Rica bust last year was an anomaly. And while the prosecutions were few, the scam activity wasn't. The Canadian Anti-Fraud Centre told them that over $95 million was lost to scams last year, not counting the unreported ones where people were too embarrassed to admit they had been a victim of a fraud. Smithwold's mother was a victim of the well documented 'Granny' scam and while McTague, as a woman and soon to grandmother, took exception to the label, it does appear that the type of scam Smithwold reported usually focussed on widowed, older woman.  The Fraud Squad doesn't usually take action on any single one of these, but with Smithwold on her case she will have to ask the Squad to do something about this particular scam from this particular scam operation. It was doubtful they would be able to do anything but she will be able to at least report back that they had done their best. She sent a quick email forwarding Smithwold's message to the head of the Squad  with her own brief request to take cation on this case.
"Come in," she responded to the knock on her office door. She hit send and turned her attention back to the pile of folders on her desk and the Deputy Commissioner who entered, armed with his own pile of folders under his arm.





A SENIOR MOMENT… PART ONE

“I was so much older then, I’m younger than that now.” Chuck (quoting the Byrds). 



Blog 1: An Indulgence
Sunday, June 2, 2019

I'm going to be 70 next week. 
Not a big deal, you are thinking. Most men hit 70 at some point in their life —if they are lucky, I suppose. Most do it with little fanfare and with some satisfaction of a unique life, well lived —and hopefully more to come. Maybe that's the problem I'm having. After more than 60 years of thinking that I was something special, I now realize that I am just in the queue. The fact is that no matter what our histories, no matter what our foibles and weaknesses, and no matter our successes and failures, our race, stature, or our gender proclivity…we are all in the equalizing line of aging. 
I've always been intrigued by the fictional accounts of rich folks who try and buy eternal life, or at least buy perfect health and a long life. At 70 you start to realize that rich or poor, man or woman, white or any other shade, age just trundles on, ignoring all of the efforts to ignore or deflect. Sure, I know all of the stuff about eating right; exercising, managing blood pressure and cholesterol, and having some doctor finger your colon every few years. And there are pills for all of it, although the most entertaining are the efforts of the homeopathic industry to convince an aging population that there is a natural bullet for everything that ages us. (If you don't think that seniors are targeted by the pill industry, watch the CBC news, CNN or the Golf Channels…for your mental health, never watch FOX). But I'll leave the anti-aging industry for a future blog. I don't want to tick off too many readers this early in my blogging experiment.
So why this blog and why would you ever be interested in reading it?
You probably won't be interested for several reasons. 
Firstly, I am only doing this because I'm a little bored. I retired at the requisite age of 65 and for the last five years I have been doing the retired things: travel, grandchildren, long neglected hobbies, charity work, reading, health maintenance and so on. I was a computer —Instructional Technology to be precise—geek, and someone from my previous work life even calls once in a while to ask my opinion. My specialty was technology security, and it appears that the hackers and scammers are multiplying like the hares in our neighborhood these days. But to be honest, I spend a lot of my time waiting for something to happen. I don't mean waiting for the weather to get better so I can go for a walk. Or waiting for the kids to call for some babysitting. Or waiting for the next trip to start. I mean waiting for that life altering event that would induce—well— induce something life altering. And I don’t mean the type that comes from a conversation with your doctor.
This is all too much to expect of course. Retirement life is set up to induce the opposite—routine, predictability, safety, health, stability, and security are all the promotional buzzwords in the senior marketing world. The theme of this blog is none of these. It is simply about me excoriating my boredom through writing, and thus mitigating the deadly effects of routine. It is purely an indulgence, and my thoughts, opinions and experiences are likely totally irrelevant to you. So be it. If this is the case, then my first piece of advice is to go write your own. Even if useless, it is actually quite cathartic.
The second reason that you might never read my blog is my demographic. I am a boomer who smoked pot (never inhaled of course) and protest marched in the 60's (to get access to Faculty washrooms at my university). I am reasonably fit and healthy. I have been married to the same woman for 40 years. (My second try was more successful than my first—at least so far.) We are both university level educated. As of this writing both my children are employed (sort of), and the grandchildren —three of them—all healthy (I think). After 45 years in the same industry (oil, of course. It is Calgary after all.), I retired as a manager with an acceptably stable pension. I (we) own a condo in a gated community on a suburban lake. When I can find it, unlike most of my old colleagues, I (not we) vote slightly to the left of centre on the political spectrum. My passions (other than my family) are vintage cars (lusting, not owning), watching sports (go Senators go!) and playing golf. A fairly traditional old white guy. I could go on. You will learn more about me as the blog —and my life—progresses. But as you can deduce, my life is not a sad story. I have little, if anything, to complain about. I do not reflect that caricature of the destitute senior, burdened by worries of financial security or family tragedies. Consequently, I do not start this blog as either a whiner, or as an angry representative of the 'boomer' demographic. I start this blog from a happy place, as a weekly cathartic exercise to reflect on a life after 70.
But before the next Blog, it is probably a good idea to tell what my blog is —and isn't. 
The latter is easier than the former. 
Firstly, while you will certainly learn more about me and those around me, my Blog is not intended as a diary. Even I am not egotistical enough to think that anyone will be interested in my day-to-day activities or thoughts. I'm neither famous nor insightfully brilliant. You'll have to read the biographies of someone far more productive than me in life to be inspired or motivated. And if you end up reading the blog you won't be my secret ear, where I dump my disappointments and fears in the hope that they will dissolve into the Internet ether. I am more than ordinary. I am boring. 
My blogs will not engage in contemporary politics. Why? I understand that it is a natural human tendency to engage in diatribe over life's circumstances. Political discourse is even one of those rare events that isn't just a first world agenda. Even the poorest of countries and most historical civilizations have practiced forms of political discourse. However, for me it is simply the concern that contemporary politics everywhere in the world —but especially in the U.S. (and creeping into Canada) —have become mired in such motivations of greed and fear that society is being driven into two intractable, polarized camps of angry minions. This does not mean that I won't feed the fury on occasion. It is impossible to share a point of view on contemporary issues of aging without pissing someone off. All I can guarantee is that the topics I discuss will not be aimed at any place on the current political spectrum (although I wouldn't mind some help finding out where the middle of this spectrum has gone). I will be an equal opportunity misanthrope, but not an angry old man.
What is this blog then? I believe that a good blog needs to be instructive. It needs to add something to the reader's repertoire of thoughts, abilities or actions. That is why people blog about what they know and are doing. A mommy blog, a wine taster's blog, a cook's blog, a serial killer's blog (just kidding), a mechanic's blog, a traveler’s blog, and so on. But remember, I'm boring. I'm normal. I don't plan on solo rowing across the Atlantic, climbing all seven mountains or chaining myself to an oil well. I'm past giving day-to-day advice on how to be a father, a husband or even a manager. The only thing I am working on doing better is growing old. So, "A Senior Moment" (my 18 year old Granddaughter Katherine thought that OK Boomer was a better title. I demurred.) will be about the instructive moments in a man growing older. Old man sports. Engaging in the arts, like learning a musical instrument. Managing retirement. Money and preparing an estate. Religion (oops! Look out!). Science. Adventure travel. Volunteering. Health. Adult children. Grandchildren. Funerals. Maybe even sex (if you don't tell my wife). And many other topics I haven't thought of yet that just pop up as life happens (or that you might suggest?).
Finally, I'll try and keep my blogs to less than 2000 words. My anecdotal research suggests that is the limit of how much a senior can read before they fall asleep. 
Now that I have convinced you to not follow my blog, have a great day. If you are bored next Sunday (or have trouble sleeping?), check back with me. Or write to me and tell me how boring I am. Email me at: 
Talonlakepress@gmail.com
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index




Blog 2: A Missed Opportunity
Sunday, June 9, 2019

First of all, my thanks to all of the readers who sent me nasty comments after my first blog. No, I am not a misogynist simply due to age, gender and race — although probably a “libtard,” (that’s a new one to me, although I figured out that it wasn’t complimentary). After only one blog I am surprised by how well you think you know me? I'm not a Facebook person, so I am not familiar with the litany of abuse that follows from on-line stories about most anything. However, I now understand why media outlets have disbanded the "comments" sections from their news postings. So, I'd better get some rules straight for all of the insecure, serial nasties who get their jollies from delivering the online abuse they would never deliver in person. (I have a special place in my own nasty heart for the "clicktavist". But that might be a topic for a future blog.) Go ahead. After three decades as a manager I've got a thick Teflon coating on my ego. 
At least I know that I have a readership already. At a future blog I might share some of your feedback.
This week I just have a story of my sense of growing panic about time running out.
A chain grocery store is a 10-minute walk from the condo (and gated community) we moved into after I retired. (It was a life altering experience to reduce by two thirds every possession we had carefully accumulated during 40 years of marriage. Maybe more on that in a future blog as well.) I know the route well since one of my new and invaluable roles in life has become the primary cook in the family. Brenda could never cook, and in her own retirement has far more important things to worry about than my nutritional needs. Thus, I am a regular at the local Safeway.
"Make a list. You can't remember more than three things," Brenda admonished as I laced up my Keens, and grabbed my spring puffer jacket.
Partially true. I often told her that I use the association memory trick I was taught years ago in a Business class. So, I tell her that it isn't milk, ginger and soda; it is milkweed, Ginger Rogers and scotch. I explain that I used the trick with names since good bosses are supposed to remember every one of the 2000 people in the organization—and the names of their children and spouses. Rhonda the receptionist became the song "Help, help me Rhonda" by the Beachboys. The new IT guy Burt was overweight so I just associated "butt" and remembered his name. (A professor when I was at Business school tried to teach the class this trick. Professor something or other, I can't remember his name.} I joked with Brenda that I gave up at work, and just called everyone either David or Peter, or Susan or Mary and got it right at least half the time. I'd probably have to change the names to something like Olivia or Liam if I worked today.
In actual fact, (although I have never told anyone except you now), I am eidetic, (Ms. Google it if you want) so I don't have to make a list, or use memory tricks, although the syndrome refers more to old memories rather than new ones. And I have never had a problem remembering the names of everyone at work. Or a grocery list. But, actually, I don't mind pretending that I forgot something because then I have to go back again. The ten-minute walk can stretch into a 45-minute return trip and fill a spot in a relaxing day. And Tuesday was particularly relaxing so the outing to the grocery store was not unwelcome.
There was a four-shopper line up at Lucy's checkout counter. I was second behind a maybe mid-thirties young woman pushing a two toddler "Chariot". (The grandparents out there will know what a "Chariot" is. They have probably been hit up to buy one for the kids). The woman was slim, as tall as me (170?) and dressed in black, matching sweatsuit and pants on top of new Lime green trainers. Her amber streaked hair juts covered her ears. Lucy is in her mid-fifties and has let her shoulder length hair go naturally grey. I think that she only works part time since I only see her at the store on Tuesdays and Saturdays. She is shorter than me, slender and smiles a lot. She looks intelligent (Can someone look intelligent?) and I wonder if she has another career to fill her other working days. I put my milk and ginger on the conveyer belt behind the mother's selections of organic everything—apples, yoghurt, kale, wild salmon, bananas, and quinoa.
"Cute kids," Lucy offers as she rings in the sales. "What? Two and three?"
"Yes, a very tired two and three. Past their afternoon naptime. A meltdown may be imminent!"
Lucy gave an understanding laugh.
"I forgot my wallet," the young woman suddenly announced as she rummaged through her fake Gucci handbag. "But I know my credit card number. Will that work?"
(Maybe in one blog I’ll tell you how I spot Chinese fakes like her bag. She remembers her card number? Wow. I can’t deduce if she is eidetic like me, or the card is simply scorched from use.)
"I don't know? I'll have to ask," Lucy smiles as she yells to the cashier at the next till. "Can I process a sale with just a card number?" There is apparently a check-out person hierarchy at play.
Lorraine is a full timer and carries some kind of swipe card around her neck. "No. If she can't pay, then put the groceries aside and suspend the payment." She passed her swipe card to Lucy. "Will you get your wallet and come back?"
The woman looked nervously at the line-up behind her. "Yes. I only live a few blocks away."
"Okay," Lucy smiled as she suspended the sale and placed the bagged items under the counter. "See you when you come back."
That is what actually occurred and I suppose we should all be buoyed by the kindness and understanding that Lucy and Safeway showed the young mother. I'm personally depressed by it all. Fate, some divine being, or whatever you believe in, only gives us so many opportunities in life to demonstrate—put into practice —our character. I missed this one. This is what should have happened.
"I forgot my wallet," the young woman announced. "Can I give you my credit card number?"
"No," Lucy kindly informs her. "We need the actual card. Fraud you know."
"Oh."
The two year old starts to cry and the three year old reached over from his perch on the handlebar seat of the chariot and grabbed a Snickers bar from the display shelf.
"Put it on my card," the man behind in line offers, as he hands Lucy his Mastercard. A baseball hat, with what looks like a small bite out of the rim, covers the man's hair and forehead, but the grey stubble and crow’s feet accented eyes speak grandfather. The light nubblied, fleece vest said fixed income. 
Lucy took the card and looked from the man to the young woman.
"How do you know I'll pay you back?" the woman asked as she grabbed the Snicker's bar and put it back on the shelf.
"If you don't, I'll just assume you are broke and it is a donation to the needy. But I figure any lady that has her credit card memorized is a good bet."
"I won't give you my address or anything you know?"
"Here." He handed her a business card. "Pay me back by email transfer or put the money in my mailbox sometime. I don't need to know anything about you."
She glanced at the card. One side had a black meme of an old man with a cane walking. 

The flip side had the following:
Chuck Profiterole
Professional Grandfathering Service
havegrandpawilltravel@gmail.com
20 Dreamscape Cr.,
Calgary, Alberta Z6J8B1
"Christmas present from my solicitous 18 year old granddaughter. She figured I could use it if I ever get lost, or forget who I am."
"Thank you," she nodded consent to Lucy." Mr. —Profiterole?"
"Long story," he offered as he glanced at the impatient, but entertained, line up behind him.
"You have an airmiles card?" Lucy asked.
"See? I'm already rewarded for my kindness. Enough Air Miles points to buy one bite of that snicker's bar the kid tried to swipe."
Everyone laughed. The young woman loaded the groceries into the Chariot. With another mumbled thanks she scuttled towards the exit.
"That was nice," Lucy offered as she processes my own three items. "Think she'll pay you back?"
"Doesn't matter. Not much. I'll just skip a couple of meals this week."
Lucy paused her scanning.
"Joke Lucy. A joke." He patted the growing volleyball around his waist. “Do I look like I am starving?"
In the days since, I have wondered why the first event happened rather than the second? Why did I let the rare opportunity to do something good and chivalrous pass me by? Why was I walking home with my three items (what were they again?) before it struck me I was a jerk? I know that part of me was afraid of what Brenda would say when she saw the forty bucks or so charge on our credit card. I would most certainly face derision for being such a trusting fool and so generous with our money. But I was also concerned about being seen as a dirty old man. I'm sure that if the woman was a frail senior pushing a walker, instead of an attractive young woman pushing a Chariot with toddlers, I would have jumped in right away. Either way, whether I succumbed to the tensions of a marriage or the fears of contemporary society—or was just slow witted in action—the event and my behavior depresses me. 
Thus, my thought for this week is that I feel I am running out of time to get more opportunities to act on my character—assuming that my character has some goodness in it. Unfortunately, as I launch into my seventies I fight an urge to go in a different direction. Anger, disappointment and pessimism are increasingly driving my thoughts. I get angry with politicians—especially the liars or those that try and take advantage of the naivety of the ordinary population. I fight disappointment of my two boys. Graham and Donald have forged very different paths in life and I fight the urge to tell them they are doing it wrong. And I’m trying not to be pessimistic about the future of mankind in general. 
All of those creeping urges would have me assume that the young woman with the chariot was simply a spoiled millennium, sucked into the organic, gluten free, meat poison, internet mantra. Why should I support her ignorant whimsies? Fighting those urges would have me recognize the need to help another human being, unfiltered by my growing meanness.
I’ve got to work at this.
Thanks for reading. Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 3: Ooh! My aching Pickleball knees.
Sunday, June 16, 2019

I said in my first blog that I would do some blogs on old man sports. But first I had many (3 of 10 readers?) ask me to tell the story behind Profiterole as my last name. So, before I get to a sports blog, here is the story.
I am actually 100% Gaelic. At least the DNA tests show that the first pollution of our families pure Gaelic line happened somewhere around the time that Adam ate the evil apple. (Ok. It was actually during Roman times. I suspect a deserter made his way to Irish shores and planted different seeds than potato.) The story I’ve been told (by a Grandfather all too fond of Bushmills) is that my Great Grandfather proposed to my future Great Grandmother in an Italian restaurant on Bloor street in Toronto. Both of them were fresh off the boat (literally) from Ireland and had met at an Irish wake at the worker’s hall 6 months earlier. The conversation —embellished over the years I’m sure— went something like this.
“So will you be marrying me Lucinda?” Great Grandpa Seamus Carrigan blurted between sips of Irish Breakfast tea.
“Well that’s a wee bit romantic isn’t it?” Great Grandma Lucinda laughed. “Aren’t you supposed to get down on your knees or something like that?”
“Well I have a ring for you my dear.” Great Grandpa wipes his hands on his overalls and pulls a crumpled, cigarette pack from his pocket, shakes it upside down on the linoleum-covered table. “Was Grandmother’s you know? Will you take it now?”
Lucinda hesitated. “I can’t.”
“Why ever the Christ not?” (Great Grandpa apparently was quite liberal with the expletives).
“Your name, Seamus.” She paused again. “I can’t have our children grow up in Toronto as a Carrigan. They will be mistaken for the violent Republican you are, and their lives would always be in danger. There are too many people here with too long memories.”
“I’ve given up that life Lucinda. Nothing but a law abiding, Church going, citizen for me for now on.” 
“I’d seriously be doubting the church part. But if you are serious about leaving the other behind, change your name and I’ll marry you.”
Great Grandpa thought for a moment (hiding some anger and indignation I’m guessing) and then leaned over to the couple having tea and pastries at the table beside them. “Excuse me Ma’am. But what is delicate little thing you two are nibbling on with your tea?” He pointed to the golf ball sized pastry on the plate in front of the woman.
“Well, it is a profiterole.” The woman proudly held the plate up so both Great Grandma and Great Grandpa could see. “Hard and crunchy on the outside and soft and sweet in the middle.”
“Thank you so much,” Seamus offered as he turned back to Lucinda. “Hard on the outside and soft and sweet in the middle. Perfect for me. I will change my name to Seamus Profiterole.”
And our family have been Profiteroles ever since. There you go. I’ll bet many of you (especially more recent immigrants) have your own stories of name changes. 
But now back to the main theme of today’s blog.
If you are over 65 and don't want to hear again that exercise is good for everything that ails you and will increasingly ail you, then you should join the legions of my blog fans that have already shut me down (6 of 20 readers to date). If you believe the research, then you should accept that exercise would alleviate everything from diabetes to Alzheimer’s. But if you are like me and repulsed by the TV ads for old folks homes showing decrepit figures (mostly old women) meditatively attempting Tai Chi, raising their worn out hearts in a swimming pool workout, or worst of all, doing yoga — a 70 year old man in yoga pants and a dirty dog pose is a nauseating sight — then read on my lazy, overweight, reminiscing, couch athlete, friends. 
Like most of us, your memories of glory on the volleyball or squash court are quickly fading, yet the apparently innate need to compete and crush an opponent in some physical event still persists. Brenda would say that sports have replaced men's ancestral role as the family warrior. Men even treat sports paraphernalia like their ancestors would have treated their hunting war weapons. If you have any doubt of the inherent instinct for weapon care and choice, watch an old man fawn over his golf clubs. Supposedly, at advanced ages like you and me, the intent of exercise as a purpose has taken over the warrior intent. Don’t believe it. Over the next year I will explore some more adventurous ways to raise your deteriorating heart rate and stimulate your aging blood pressure. 
Here is the first.
Find the pickleball club in your neighborhood and join.
What is pickleball you say? It is a game played with a whiffle ball (yes, the same one you bought for your 4 year old grandson last Christmas), a stubby, hard faced racquet, on a badminton size court, with a tennis size net. Confused? Google it. There are an increasing number of sites with descriptions of the game, instructions, and even videos. Almost all done by previously bored seniors like you and me, by the way. 
Two months ago spouse Brenda—who hates sweating and has never played a sport in her 62 years—dragged me to the local club. I proceeded to watch two (game is almost always doubles) seventy something grandmothers destroy two strutting, fifty something, balding, overweight, glory reminiscing, male athletes. Game on. I'm balding, overweight and an ex jock. (OK. Maybe not exactly a jock, but I did play hockey at university). Vengeance will be mine.
We have taken lessons. Played against the grandmothers. Sprained a knee. Lost 10 pounds. Found body aches that I haven't experienced since I was cut from my university hockey team. And made some great new friends. No matter what your age, your level of fitness or your previous athletic experience you will be welcomed into the local pickleball scene. And you will be healthier for it. 
OK. That's the lecture. For those of you who want to try the game here are the deep insights I have gained through the extensive experience of two months of playing.
1. You can ask Mrs. Google the rules, but here are the basics.
You have to serve underhand, and, like tennis, the ball has to land in a designated part of the court.
You must let the return of your service bounce once before you hit it.
There is a "protected" area called the kitchen (no woman came up with that label) extending 7 feet from the net. You can't hit a ball while standing in the "kitchen" unless it has bounced there first.
2. It is inexpensive. A useable paddle runs less than 75 bucks. If your senior citizen jail doesn't give you access to your cash, hit up one of your kids. They owe you.
3. It is a friendly, non-competitive sport…not! The ritual is that players tap paddles over the net after every game and say something like "good game." Those grandmothers tap with glee and old jocks with visible frustration. The most satisfying moment in the game is when you make an overhead smash into your opponents, largely unused groin. But don't worry. You will soon take your place in the non-competitive, smiling, paddle-taping crowd.
4. If you want to eventually win a few games you have to be good at Pickleball—not another sport. But you will be humiliated for some time. I'll explain.
There are essentially four types of players you will encounter.
(a) The tennis smasher: This is the most common player. After a lifetime of tennis their goal is to hit the ball as hard as they can over the net, most preferably with topspin and most preferably down the "line." From what I have seen many—especially men—do not progress past this type of play. And in the newbie groups the hardest smasher most often wins. 
(b) The Badminton lobber: Not as common, but a clear genotype. Flicks of the wrist send the whiffle ball high over the net, landing in corners. These folks are good at overhead smashes and lobs and are to be watched out for. They have skills more easily translated into pickleball than the smashers.
(c) The table tennis spinner: These folks usually have a higher level of spatial awareness. This awareness comes from picking a wee ball out of empty space coming at you over 100 mph. Their forte is the spin, always trying to cut or spin the ball to make it fly into a nether land out of reach of their opponent. They usually have nice touch and are good at the kitchen (remember that place?).
(d) The racquetball killer: These folks are just plain viscous. It appears that there is no such thing as a delicate shot in that sport and the goal of the racquetball player is to whip the ball into you solar plexus (that leaves you writhing on the floor breathless, but at least doesn't ruin what is left of your sex life). But with well-developed hand eye coordination they are just mean and nasty opponents. 
5. If you just want to win games during your first year, just be a smasher or a spinner. You will beat most beginning or novice players. Good players will be able to easily handle spins, cuts and hard serves. True enough. But you will not be playing against great players. Go for the killer serve. It is much for fun.
6. Finally, if you want to eventually be a great pickleball player, ignore all the advice above. The three simple rules I gave above create a whole new racquet/paddle game that mitigates much of the practiced skill of other types of players. Quite simply, from what I saw, advanced players win with finesse and placement not muscle or speed. The two balding ex-jocks I saw that first day were very accomplished smashers. The two grandmas were very accomplished Pickleball players. 

What does that mean to you? You wimpy, overweight, lazy, couch surfing athlete can finally get your vengeance on that super jock that humiliated you in high school. 
And I have just fed the monster.
Why is it that most of us can't just go out with our friends and whack the silly little plastic, holey ball around with our friends? Like a barbecue and beer fired game of lawn darts or croquet on a warm summer's day? Why am I so obsessed with learning everything publicly available about this new adventure? What part of this is good for me as I crawl over the edge of 70? The most obvious is the exercise. No quibble here. At every age we need to get off the couch and move. But research has shown that a good walk will suffice to fend off the fendable ills of aging. The second could be social. Despite their shared obsession with polishing their skills and improving their ranking (Yes—there is actually a ranking system.), deep down, pickleball folks are quite affable. They at least share the interest and ability in moving around. Another reason is that it is doable. As we watched his wife slam a soft floating return down an opponent's throat, a 'my generation' husband shared with me that, unlike his badminton championship past, his wife had never participated in any sports. Now she drags him to the gym three times a week to play. And beats him. But perhaps most importantly, it is an equalizer. With a smaller court to run, the special rules and its newness to most jocks, almost anyone can play a good game right away. Not a level 5 ranked right away, but easy to have fun right away. Even the most skilled can play with the novice and both have fun. 
I am learning. Here is where the obsessive part starts. Once I take something on, I am obsessed with learning everything I can. I have spent hours on every Pickleball website. (What did we do before Ms. Google?) It isn't pickleball's fault. It is mine. It gives me something to look forward to. After a lifetime of purposefully getting up every morning, retirement brought the luxury of not having to do anything or be anywhere. Isn't that the dream? Freedom 55 and all of that? The lifting of the yoke of responsibility dissolves the routine of life? Yet I still get up at 6:30. I still have a French Roast with one sugar and a dash of 10% cream. I read the Globe and Mail (E version) until the local morning TV news starts and then I have a second cup of coffee and begin to wonder what the rest of the day looks like. Now, for three afternoons a week Brenda and I play Pickleball, and at least those days I go home feeling I've done something useful. Benda even takes private lessons with a coach that goes to her church.
This is enough to get you started. So all of you non-athletic grandmas out there go find a pickleball court. There is a grandpa just waiting to be humiliated. The exercise will be good for you. Vengeance will be even better.
I'll do more on pickleball (and other heart thumping activities) later after I win the city championships. (Or pick the third ball out of my pants.)
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 4: Am I slurring my words?
Sunday, June 23, 2019

Good Sunday morning all. And thanks for the feedback on Pickleball. By the information you sent me I would now conclude that doing a Pickleball instructional YouTube is now the primary cottage industry for retired jocks. I’ll allocate one Sunday to all of your responses (Maybe when I run out of something to say? Like never?), but for today a new topic.
I have the urge to tell every person I meet under the age of 65 to take special note of the things that they can still do every day —sleeping, peeing, walking, seeing, not to mention sex —because age starts dissolving these sorts of things one by one, (if you are lucky). And as Joni Mitchell lectured us, "...You don't know what you've got till it’s gone." We certainly have a paradise paved over these days (a topic for another Sunday), and over the course of the coming Sundays I may actually talk about things such peeing, walking, seeing and sex. But that's not my topic today.
However, first I have to clear something up. No one in my family knows —except you readers of course—that I am writing this weekly diatribe (much better descriptor than 'blog" for a 70 year old don't you think?). I write each Sunday morning because that is the only concentrated moments I have to myself all week. Donald and Graham, of course, have their own lives and their own Sunday morning rituals (that I don't really want to know) and while Brenda does go out on her own a few times a week for things like her yoga class, her book club, and her private Pickleball lessons, they provide only an hour or two at a time. This is good editing time but not good writing time. However, on Sunday mornings Brenda leaves me in bed and heads to church. She's an active member of the local Unitarian Church and they have a full schedule of Sunday rituals that start at breakfast and go well into the afternoon. I'm an active atheist (an oxymoron?) and Brenda thinks I spend my Sunday morning watching the golf channel. (That is actually Sunday afternoon). Our differences on religion have always been our cross (sorry about that) to bear. When we married 40 years ago she was a lapsed Italian Catholic, her warmth for the church cooling when her first husband left her to become a priest. Those of you who remember my story about great grandparents Seamus and Lucinda, will deduce that I have Northern Ireland Catholic roots, but I was raised a liberal United Church goer (go figure). However, my university Computer Engineering degree, and mid-sixties freedoms of thought and action, washed away any small predilection for ecclesiastic guilt, and put me well on the road to non-believing. The exposing of diddling priests put the final nail in Brenda’s Catholicism, but not her Godly ways, and after journeys through various worshiping venues, Brenda settled 20 years ago on the loose spirituality of Unitarianism. That the Minister is an openly gay woman only a decade younger than her, apparently bolsters her newly found feminism —and eases her memory of past Catholic transgressions. And, of course, her Pickleball coach goes to the same church.
But as is my wont, I digress. I only wanted to explain to you why I write on Sunday morning. Explanation done. 
This week—on Thursday to be precise—I quit drinking alcohol. I should probably say that I simply noticed that I had not had a drink in four days and hadn't missed it. This is not a minor thing, like forgetting to floss one night before going to bed. Alcohol had always been a constant companion in my life. I celebrated with it. I commiserated with it. I contemplated with it. And I medicated with it. While I never rejected a good beer or glass of wine, my historical partner was primarily as good a scotch as I could afford, (although a bottle of Bushmills Black was always available for emergencies). In my university days, I started off with a cheap blend (even lowered myself to a Jameson on occasion) and continuously graduated to the point where a half dozen outrageously priced and aged single malts sat on display in a liquor cabinet in our living room. Since we sold our house and moved into a condo I have downsized the collection, but just looking at the layer of bottles always gives me some wistful comfort. After I retired and after a three month stay in Central America (We tried Panama since it was touted as the best place in the world to retire.) I decided to satisfy both my growing boredom and affection for alcohol by becoming a rum expert. Nicaraguan rum is the best by the way, but I digress again. I'm told old people do that a lot.
At any rate, on Tuesday night as we watched The Crown on Netflix I poured a much needed three ounces of a Highland Park 12 year old. Brenda doesn't drink during the week so had her usual David's Milk Oolong. She was a lawyer before retirement, and was convinced that a client would know if she drank on work nights. Communion wine excepted. But the scotch didn't taste right. Instead of the usual pleasant slow burn to comfort, it just smudged in my mouth. I waited an hour and tried a 12-year-old Flor de Cana. Same thing. I tried again on Wednesday night and it still didn't work. We were watching Suits, so I couldn't blame the schmaltz of The Crown. 
For the first time in twenty years—I had previously stopped drinking for a while when I had bypass surgery when I was fifty—I have now gone 4 days without a drink. 
Was I —am I? —an alcoholic? When I was working I rarely had more than one drink in the evening. And unlike the protagonists in Mad Men, I never drank during anything work related. But in the five years since retirement I have to admit that the booze had ramped up a little. A few ounces before dinner. A few during a nightly Netflix binge. Several after golf. I don't ever remember being drunk, but then drunks never notice that sort of thing in himself or herself.
I did notice changes in Brenda after the third glass. That was always when the lawyer came out in her, and debates about social causes morphed into closing arguments. Yesterday was a good example. 
Brenda had put together a tray of cheese and crackers and opened a bottle of Amarone (her tastes got more expensive over the years, and a trip to Rome and the Amalfi gave her a favorite wine). It was too early in the evening for a Netflix binge so we were watching CBC. The story of the day was the #meetoo movement and the mounting numbers of sexual assault exposures. I made the mistake of suggesting that if these were indeed assaults, then the men should be tried in court and not on social media, and the notion of innocent until proven guilty was still a foundation principle of our legal system. I was totally sober and Brenda was halfway through a bottle of 2012. The lawyer in her did not appreciate me giving her a lecture on the fundamentals of jurisprudence. The discussion was unpleasant for sure, but my point is that I became very aware of how alcohol consumption changed the dynamics of discussion. Brenda wasn't drunk in the outwardly visible way (though probably was in the breathalyzer way) but my scratch to the surface of her feelings brought out an alcohol-liberated rant that she might have held back under more sober circumstances.
Now that I am a teetotaler (all four days of me) I started to wonder about alcohol and old folks like me. I am beginning to suspect that I am not alone in the fact that my alcohol consumption increased in retirement. Perhaps the only difference is that I have used up my lifetime allotment of alcohol while others have waited until retirement to catch up. A little research showed my hunch was right. 
In general, Ms. Google (the one woman that is never wrong) suggests that for healthy senior adults moderate daily drinking is considered to be one 12-ounce beer (unless it is American beer then you pee it out so fast it doesn’t count), 5 ounces of that Amarone, or a couple of ounces of the Scottish or Irish stuff. The bad news is that these amounts may be lower for women and may decrease the older a person gets due to age-related physical changes that significantly affect the way an older person metabolizes alcohol. They never say what these changes are? A rock hard liver maybe? The good news is that compared to complete abstinence, this moderate intake has shown to increase bone density in women, protect against cognitive decline and dementias, and protect the vascular system. There are also lower morbidity rates in moderate drinkers as compared to abstainers and heavy drinkers. 
So, are you an alcoholic if you go over these apparently healthy limits? Personally, I think the label ‘alcoholic’ is meaningless and only has substance in any negative effects from drinking booze at any level. Having said that, experts suggest that the rate of alcoholism (let’s call it alcohol abuse instead) in the elderly is often underestimated. I think there might be three reasons for this.
First, if we old folks assume that issues such as fatigue, irritability, insomnia, chronic pain, or impotence (typical signs of alcohol abuse) are somehow ameliorated by that glass of Amarone with dinner then we are all booze hounds. It is easy for us to simply brush off our booze symptoms as aging issues. The medical community is equally obsessed with ameliorating the symptoms of aging rather than looking for a bottle of Canadian Rye a day as the cause.
Secondly, most of us have no day-to-day obligations (like work) to be affected by some sort of substance abuse. Missing Dr. Oz one morning due to a night of drinking won’t upset the natural order of things.
Thirdly. What the hell? I’m 70 years old. Am I really worried that too much booze will make me an alcoholic at my age? I deserve to be a little irresponsible in my old age. We tell our partner (or family?) to leave us alone to enjoy the final years of our lives.
That brings me back to you and me. What upsets me often is the assumption that age dissolves brain cells. We are not suddenly stupid (unless we always were), and on this topic we all know very well the potentially, deleterious effects of booze. You are welcome to be a teetotaler if you want. Fill your boots. But each of us will determine the location of the line between abuse and pleasure. For me, a few ounces of the Irish in the evening actually provided some comfort I can’t really explain. (Three more ounces caused discomfort). For Brenda, a couple of glasses of that Amarone was warming. For Donald, my financially brilliant son, the collection of fine wines and scotches seems more important that the imbibing. For Graham, a food truck chef, a fridge full of craft beer is the ticket. For you and your partner, sharing a bottle of wine over dinner is a ritual.
Do any of these cross the line? Occasionally, for sure. Do I have symptoms? For sure, although they would be difficult to distinguish from the ones I expect to achieve from growing old. But I’m going to give booze a break for two reasons. First, in order to see if the symptoms (look them up yourself) persist. And secondly, my nightly drink was losing its comfort and becoming a ritual rather than a treat. We’ll see how it goes.
In a way I feel the loss of a good friend. And I’m in no way admonishing you to give up your daily, pre-dinner tipple. I won't judge Brenda or any others for their use of alcohol as they age. Many have a lot of catching up to do and there are many positive aspects to a few good belts. (Would the loosening of Brenda's inhibitions—spiritual and emotional —be some?) But for me? Goodbye old friend for now. I'll keep you in the cupboard for visitors to meet.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index




Blog 5: Love me or Leave me
Sunday, June 30, 2019

Thanks as always for the feedback after my last blog. I especially appreciate the abuse hurled my way about my #metoo comment. It makes be glad that I deleted my Facebook account before I started this blog. Since a couple of you want to rip unmentionable parts from the rest of my body (or string me up from them), it was prudent to erase my digital profile. You could probably find me if you really tired since I do use digital services such as banking and air travel and other useful sites. But you won’t find my address or phone number. And you won’t find Brenda either since she kept her maiden name. And when the boys were born she insisted on her name on their birth certificates. She rightly assumed that burdening young children with a last name like Profiterole would be cruel. You can decide for yourself if the details of my life's circumstances are particularly relevant to you and your life. As I said at the start of this blog, I write both as a cathartic exercise for a slightly bored 70 year old, and a stimulus for readers of a similar vintage to ponder their own circumstances. The former is for my well-being, the latter is for yours, and you can decide for yourself whether my anonymity is of any relevance. 
At any rate, all of you abusers will be glad to know that over the last week Brenda carried the torch for you. It has been a frosty week. And I'm not referring to a Calgary June snowstorm. There was a time when Brenda and I could have difficult conversations in a vacuum of professionalism and detachment, but I have noticed in the five years since my retirement an increasing personalization of our political or social conversations. 
Perhaps a little more background on Brenda would help with context.
You already know that I retired as an IT guy in the Alberta oil patch. Brenda retired at the same time as me after 30 years as a lawyer. She started in family (divorce) law —motivated, she once told me, by vengeance on husbands like her first one. Within five years of practice, all a spouse had to do was mention her name —and the name of the firm that hired her—to push a wayward partner back on the straight and narrow (or otherwise). After Graham was born she was recruited by Canadian Government to do some job in international affairs. I’m still not clear all of the details of her work, (she used to tease me with the old saw that if she told me she would have to kill me) but I know it had to do with women’s rights and such. I do know that she travelled a lot to some of the world’s most impoverished places, and ended up with a stable, cost of living adjusted pension. She is eight years younger than me. We met 41 years ago through mutual friends when I was a nerd punching keyboards on an ancient IBM 1500 and recovering from my first marriage. She was in her second year of law school and figured I was as far away from an Opus Dei fanatic as she could get. During our 40 years of marriage we have raised two boys and built up the estate we now enjoy in retirement. We slept together, argued over the kids together, celebrated together, shared our work stories and left each other every Monday morning for our work lives. We lived with—maybe even celebrated— our differences. She was religious. I wasn't. I was into sports. She detested sweating. She was something of a homeopath —maybe just a health nut. I snuck extra sugar whenever I could. She was a morning person. I was a night one. 
But here's the thing. We have spent more time together in the last five retirement years than in the previous 35 and over those years I have felt that the differences have become exacerbated. 
The health thing is a good example. I always thought her homeopathic leanings were just cute and maybe a little eccentric. Like the insistence of only drinking the bottled water we had delivered to our house on a weekly basis, instead of the perfectly good Calgary tap water. To my horror, she actually participated in the anti-fluoride movement. In a more serious example, even with her skepticism about the value, we always had our kids' vaccinations up to date. Now she "shares" —she spends several hours a day on Facebook—anti vaxer rants. We had a discussion this week over a morning news item where an Alberta couple was criminally charged over the death of their child when they relied upon homeopathic remedies rather than traditional medicine. 
"They were only doing what they thought was right for their child," Brenda intoned. "They shouldn't go to jail for that."
I was incredulous. "They believe crap. And they killed their child. Ignorance should be punished."
"Science isn't always right you know."
"Yes, it is," I calmly offered. "It can be right about being wrong. It can be right about not being sure. But most of all it can be right without a shadow of a doubt. In most instances health based science is right without a shadow of a doubt."
"There is always room for doubt in health matters."
"Yeah? Give me an example?"
Brenda has a habit of jutting her chin out and blinking when she is convinced of her rightness. "Vaccination," she announced with a jut of her chin. "There is a lot of evidence both that it doesn't always work and that it can cause sickness on its own."
"I won't even grace that stupidity with a rebuttal. Perhaps we should accept that lemon juice cures cancer as well?" She had forwarded an article on this miracle cure a week or so ago.
"No matter how scientific you are you can't refute people's experience." 
"Of course you can," I retorted. "We don't determine social policy—much less health policy—by anecdote."
"Why are you always demeaning of my point of view? I can have an opinion too you know."
That ended the breakfast conversation as she grabbed her yoga mat, matcha tea smoothie and headed out to her morning class. I was left with a bowl of cold steel-cut and a morning talk show with an audience full of screaming women.
Please don’t get the impression that I think Brenda is either uniformed or somehow mentally deficient. She has proven over the years that she is neither— in fact, quite the opposite. Most people would put her in the brilliant class. It simply surprises me how otherwise ‘brilliant’ people like her seem to have this blind spot when it comes to health things. Otherwise how would Gwyneth Paltrow become so rich? 
At any rate, the health issue is just one of the growing things between us. Last week’s #metoo discussion was another. The religious stuff is becoming increasingly annoying. Why is all of this just happening after 40 years of marriage? Are we different? Did we never really see all of this before? 
It appears we are not alone. 
The research shows that since 1990 the divorce rate for the over 50 crowd has doubled, and for 70s gang it had actually tripled. In addition, if one of you have been through the divorce mill before (think you would learn?), you are twice as likely to get divorced again. This doesn’t bode well for Brenda and me, although our previous marriages were both brief and early in our lives. This old age divorce phenomena even have a name in the literature: “The Grey Divorce Revolution.” Of course this label partly explains while I don’t know any 50 or older woman who actually has grey hair. It is probably their way or warding off the devil. On the flip side, men of my age rarely shy away from grey follicles. (Speaking of hair, it is an ongoing mystery to me why I lose hair on my head in inverse proportion to the growth of hair in my ears? A subject for a future blog?) At any rate it appears that Boomers have finally found the revolution—go ahead sing it; “You say you want a revolution,”—the Beatles sang about. Finally, a revolution they can actually make happen (most missed the last one). You also know that this is a real phenomenon when the business world picks up on it. While I haven’t yet seen an ad for bulk senior divorces at Costco, the financial services industry (my son included) have certainly promoted their services to seniors who are attempting to split up a lifetime of asset accumulation.
Two questions remain, of course: why this boomer divorce revolution and what do you do about it? I’ve run out of words this week, so I’ll have to report on these answers in a future blog.
In the meantime, while I know Brenda and I aren’t in the divorce category, (as far as I know?) our life together is not without some relationship challenges. Some diverging perspectives on social issues like #metoo is certainly one of them, (I suspect that we are not alone in that particular marital discussion.). Another has always been our historically different approach to children challenges, from the daily disciplining of Donald, to the different reactions to a gay Graham. However, one comment that stuck with me through all of the research I read on the “Grey Revolution” was the old “Happy wife—happy life” admonishment. Anecdotally, I can support this perspective on senior divorces. We have had female friends who announced to their unsuspecting spouse that they were leaving and “good luck cleaning toilets and doing your own laundry—if you can find the washing machine.” The reasons were apparently different (get to that in a moment) but this anecdotal evidence suggest that late life divorce is mostly initiated by the woman, while in midlife (or earlier) it is by the husband who goes out for a loaf a of bread and disappears, only to be found years later in a commune in Guatemala.
That makes me beg the question if I am doing enough to make Brenda “happy”? Or am I actually doing things to contribute to “unhappiness”? Are there things that promote happiness, and different things that promote unhappiness in a spouse? (Sort of like the old Herzberg two factor satisfaction-dissatisfaction theory in organizations). Maybe you have better answers than I do. 
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 6: All my 400 bff
Sunday, July 7, 2019

I mentioned in my last blog that I had cancelled my Facebook account. Although the main theme of that blog was the serious topic of the challenges of partnerships after retirement, I received more feedback on the throwaway Facebook comment than all of my musings on old peoples’ marriages. Maybe none of you are still married? (There are many widows and widowers after 70 for sure —still more of the former I'm told.) Or maybe none of you identify with the irony of surviving kids, menopause, 7 year —40 year?—itches, and financial and health crisis (to mention only a few), to only find out that you and your partner (in the comfort of old age) are trying to figure out if you really like each other. Of course, that isn't the case with Brenda and me. We have always had fun with our inherent differences and will continue to laugh about them—on occasion. We fully understand that it is those differences that make a great partnership. And we not only love each other, but also like each other. However, one of those growing differences we need to deal with is social media. Brenda is becoming what is referred to in the literature as a "clicktivist". 
Look it up. The term is now actually included in both the Oxford and Cambridge Dictionaries: "...a person who shows support for political or social causes via the internet by means of social media or online platforms...” Personally, I like the definition given by the Urban Dictionary: "A person who's only form of offering opinion on controversial world matters is through the use of online surveys and petitions, yet lacks the fortitude, intelligence or ambition to get out in front of the computer."
That may be a little harsh. Brenda is really quite intelligent. But she spends hours every day on Facebook with her friends (she is now up to 346 "close" friends) liking, sharing and commenting on just about everything. I thought that her computer would explode during the Kavanaugh case in the U.S. 
A conversation last Monday morning was…interesting.
Look at this,” Brenda exclaimed. “Everyone needs to read this.” She shoved her MacBook Air across the breakfast table for me to read. 
It was a posting from a media outlet that I didn’t recognize. VETERANS DENIED HEATH BENEFITS PROVIDED ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS— the red, 48-point headline screamed at me from the small screen. The text was full of dollar figures for pension and health benefits for refugees and Canadian veterans. I shoved the Air back at her without comment.
“I’m going to share this,” she announced. “This is disgusting. These people fought for our country and the others are here illegally. Why should the government give them anything like this kind of support? There is an electronic petition here I can sign. We need to fix this.”
“Maybe you should wait a moment before you re-send this?” I hesitantly offered. I figured there were two serious problems with social media that this posting represented. I wasn’t sure how to raise the issues with Brenda.
“Why?” Her index finger was poised over the return key.
“Is it true?”
“What do you mean? Is it true?”
“I mean is what they say in this article true? Are military pensioners actually getting less than support than refugees that cross the border?
“So, you can look at a headline and tell me something isn’t true? You know all about pensions and refugee supports do you?”
“Well, when I read the word “illegal” it certainly raises some red flags about the perspective of the author. The refugees that come in an irregular way at unmanned border crossings are not illegals—just irregulars. So, with that red flag I would want to do a little fact checking before I sent an article out to 400 of my best friends.”
“I can do that,” she announced. “Let’s look.”
We had the same discussion last month when she was sharing one of those Lemon Juice cures for cancer and I suggested that she check one of the “fact checking” sites before sending it. Of course, she used SNOPES and they totally debunked the article. So, she checked this veteran one with SNOPES and once again found out that the details in the posting were totally distorted. 
“Brenda,” I lectured—big mistake to a smart lawyer, “like all of these kinds of posts they take real facts and then distort them. In this instance they preyed on two unrelated views (and the facts) that someone might have —that Veterans should get more support, and that ‘illegal’ refuges should not get health care services—and combined them to make an inflammatory article. Share this if you want to inflame the issues, but don’t confuse your actions with the facts.”
“Nice Chuck,” she retorted with sneer. “Watching those reruns of Perry Mason are you? I’m well aware of where facts trump bias,” she announced as she closed the cover of her Air and stood up. “I can be right sometime you know.”
I am increasingly inclined to simply keep my mouth shut. In the circumstance above, she would be the first to support immigrants through her church. And I didn’t even tell her the second problem I have with these (and other more innocuous) posts. They are trying to get you to ‘Share’ in order to document their ‘readership’. There are a lot of these sites. Ontario Proud, and now Alberta Proud are two right wing sites that use the strategy of posting cute kitten photos or unbelievably inane math questions (50% of people get this wrong! What about you?) The reader clicks on the test and/or shares with their 400 friends and now you (and all of your unsuspecting friends) are documented as viewers of this right wing website. After Brenda left I looked up the origin of the post she wanted to share and it was indeed some unknown news outlet: therealgenuinetruthnews.com. Their web page was full of similar, truth-distorted articles. (And I just added to their readership list numbers.) 
But back to where this chat started. Giving a "thumbs up" is not a form of social activism. Neither is signing on line petitions or joining a group or organization. All of these Facebook-like actions may make you feel good and give you some sense of satisfaction that you have contributed something to a cause. But in most instances you are simply sharing and “thumbing” (a new verb for the Cambridge dictionary?) with like-minded "thumbers." Anti-vaxers share and give thumbs up to anti vaxer stuff. Anti-immigrant voters share negative immigrant photos and stories. And so on. It doesn't matter if the material praised or shared is true. It only matters that it supports your social cause. I think psychologists call this confirmation bias. None of this promotes social change. It only retrenches the social, economic and political polarization so prevalent around us today.
I engaged in my own little form of social protest by deleting my Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn accounts. Now I am going to have to figure out other ways to stay informed and to participate in social change. For the former, I guess I will have to rely on the mainstream media—fake news as President DT calls it. For the latter, I am going to have to leave the comfort of my desk and condo and go look for some way to get involved in organizations that I feel are in fact making a positive difference in our world. We used to call it volunteering. Maybe I’ll do a future blog on all of the ways that the Grey hairs can volunteer. Who knows? Maybe there can be a new Grey Hair Revolution we can start, of a legion of 70 plussers getting up from their iPads, Acers and Airs and going out into their communities to make a difference? Me? Yesterday I contacted a provincial political party to offer my services to stuff envelopes, and contacted a meal delivery service for seniors and offered to drive (so far I still have my license.)
There you go. Get up from your desk, close the MacBook air and do something that in a small way will push the world in the direction that you think it should go. Have fun. I’d love to hear about your efforts to volunteer.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 7: Golf: The Obsession theme Again
Sunday, July 14, 2019

I know that there are many retired couples out there that play golf together, or are planning on making golf an activity they can do together in old age. Good on ya, as my Aussie friends say. After a lifetime dominated by business, domestic and even sport lives, golf can indeed be an obsession a couple can share. 
However, golf can also be the ultimate test of the "alpha" dance in a relationship, that subtle competition in every couple for the dominant position? (And I'm not talking “on the top or on the bottom? Although at our age that depends more on who has a good back than gender.) It is the, "Everybody likes my curry chicken better than your Fettuccini Alfredo!" thing. You know what I mean. Of course, when the scientific literature refers to the "alpha" relationship they are usually referring to the dominant male in a species like dogs. A scientifically studied golf relationship would show that "alpha" is not applicable to the human species. Men generally suck at the game and women make the game look magically simple. If you don't believe me watch a split screen TV with the LPGA on one side and the PGA (Champions Tour is even better) on the other. Love versus testosterone. That is why it is often difficult for couples to play. No matter how hard and fast the man swings, it will likely look futile next to the rhythmic swing of his partner. Sure, he will likely outdrive her—at least 100 yards further into the bush. But she will never throw her putter into the pond on the 15th hole after a sixth four- putt green. 
I do not recommend couples over the age of 70 taking up the game. You have made it this far in life without killing each other, why push it? If you ignore this and you decide to do this together, consider this statement as a waiver of any responsibility on my part. If you are really interested in the game, read some good golf novels, although there aren’t many golf novels period, much less good ones. Here are a few available on Amazon to get you started. There is even a Canadian one about a woman golfer.
A Good Walk Spoiled
A Mulligan for Bobby Joe
Miracle at St. Andrews
The Legend of Bagger Vance
Missing Links
Any of P.G Wodehouse golf novels.
And…the only Canadian golf novel, and the only novel about a woman golfer I could find: The Sand Trap by D.G. Marshall. You can get it as an E-book on Amazon.
For the 70 year old (of either sex) who has never played the game? Unless you have the hand eye coordination of Rafa Nadal, I suggest you stick to lawn bowling, curling, or just reading about golf. And forget "cripple"—oops Pickleball. It is too dangerous and brings out the ugly side of every alpha male over 50. But if you ignore this advice, this blog is directed at the 70 plus individual who wants to try golf for the first time, or perhaps improve the golf game they have fiddled with over the years, yet never joined the obsession. Although if you are an active golfer over 60 and really want to play better or more seriously? Give it up. Your "better" days are long behind you.
But I can tell you aren’t listening. So how to play golf after 70? 
Disclosure here. I have been studying and playing the game for over 50 years. I am not a pro and have never won anything bigger than a new pair of golf shoes. And that was in a draw. Having said that, I am obsessed. Conclusion? After many years— too much study and way too much practice—I know better than anyone how not to play the game. My instruction is the distillation of all that learning to less than 1000 words for you, the 70-year-old golfer. (And yes, 5 feet nothing Brenda looks better and scores better —200 metres off the tee and straight. What can I say? She now pumps iron, actually perspires once in a while, and is the undisputed alpha on the team.)
So, beginner or experienced golf, here are my suggestions on how to increase the fun factor in golf. I’ll start with the rookies today and then give more advice to the experienced golfer in a future blog. (Or I can chat in more detail about any of these things in a future blog if anyone is interested.)
Step 1 for the rookie. Look good. 
The Internet is swamped with digital video instruction. Ignore it all except to get a picture in your mind as to how you should look when you stand over the ball. Then look in a mirror (or have a good friend who won't laugh look at you) and see if you have it right. A professional-like set up isn't rocket science. Feet shoulder width apart, knees slightly bent, torso bent at a 45-degree angle like you are going to wrestle you partner, and the end of the grip of the club 15 to 20 centimetres (about the span of your hand), from you belt buckle. Even the rawest beginner can look professional when they are standing still over the ball ready to hit. (Unless you can’t bend anything. Then go back to my previous suggestion for a more passive sport of some sort.). The first step to more fun golf is to look like you know what you are doing before you even take a swing. Then, when you invariably hit the ball off the toe of the club into the drinks cart, everyone will think that was an aberration and that you are actually a good golfer. If you want to keep that delusion alive, grab your lower back and exclaim that you pulled your back emptying the trash that morning and should retire to the bar.
But in general, the first step to more fun golf is to get the set up right. Ask Ms. Google "golf set up" and you can find no end of direction of advice as to get properly set up for a good golf swing. Of course, there isn't much on the internet to help you figure out what to do when (a) you can't bend over without falling over or (b) parts of your anatomy block the view of the grip of the club when you bend over— and in some, you can’t even see the ball you are trying to hit. No advice there. Maybe back to curling?
Step 2 for the Rookie: Dress like a golfer
To continue the sham that you are actually a golfer, you have to dress the part. There isn't much advice out there about how to dress to look like a golfer. You could just watch TV and pick out the outfit and colours that you like best and your obliging golf shop will sell you golf designed clothes and shoes. In this instance, all you need is money to look good. But I'm going to suggest a little twist here for the 70 plus golfer who wants to really look like they know what they are doing. My theme here is that golf-focused attire is largely a marketing adventure and has absolutely nothing to do with either fashion or performance. The knowledgeable senior golfer knows that, and applies the wisdom of years to dress on the golf course like they are there for performance not fashion, yet can still meet the dress requirements of the strictest private club. Only the rawest newbie goes and gets outfitted at the local Golf shop. 
I will start at the top. I have a closet full of baseball caps. What distinguishes any of these caps from a "golf" cap other than the logo? Feel free to wear a sweat stained, Burtons' Drilling Rigs hat if you are so inclined. But what will really distinguish you, as a seasoned senior golfer will be the use of a Boonie, Tilly or some other "bush" type hat that actually protects you from the sun. (Although at 70 it is probably too late to worry about sun exposure). Shirts and pants are even more insane. Costco has synthetic golf shirts and pants for 1/4 the price of the same type of short at the golf store. Of course, if all of your buddies shop at Costco you risk all looking the same on the tee box. But I save my biggest scorn for the shoes. When I started golf over 50 years ago we actually walked a course in hard soled leather shoes with steel spikes in them. A myriad of pros has proven today that spikes are useless and comfort is the key. Show yourself the true seasoned golfer by wearing a pair of trail runners on the course. The grip is better than you could imagine and they are easy on bunions and fallen arches. 
My message is be comfortable and, unless you are flush, get your golf attire at Costco or Winners. Just don't be a slob. Avoid sweatpants, tank tops that show off your tattoos, and your favorite Winnipeg Jets T-shirt and you should be fine. Cowboy boots are also a no, no. 
Step 3 for Rookies: Clubs and stuff
I won't spend much time on this one. It is simple. Go to the local golf shop and get the newest and least expensive gear. On newest, the technology has changed over the past decade and although you are probably safe to buy something a few years old on Kijiji, new is indeed better for the over 70 golfer. This is simply because manufacturers are tripping over themselves to make clubs that are easier to hit. Go to the store and ask for the least expensive set they have for sale. By default, if it is the least expensive it will be the easiest to hit since only rookies (and challenged golfers) are still un-obsessed by the golf club maker hype and buy the least expensive. More expensive brands will not make a difference for you —easiest to hit will. (I’ll talk about the special cases of drivers and putters in a future blog). Brenda (and son Donald), of course, pretends that she is sponsored by Nike, Puma, Adidas, Under Armour and Ping. But then she isn't 70 yet.
The other golf item you should have is a glove. Not that they make much difference in gripping, but they do protect your left (or right) hand from the sun. It is proven fact that men in North America have a higher instance of skin cancer on their right hands (most golfers are right handed and wear the glove their left hand). Look like a real pro and wear gloves on both hands. 
Step 3 for the Rookie: Get some golf balls.
Finally, there is the ball. On every golf course there is a long hole with a thick bush on the right side of the hole. This bush will be full of the balls of those foolish people who figured that a $6 pro-V would actually make a difference in their 35-handicap game. You get to find them for free. In 50 years of golf I have tried every expensive, game improvement ball that exists and I assure you that unless you are indeed on Tour, the best balls to play are someone else's —whatever the brand or cost. If you are too old to tromp through the bush anymore, at the end of every golf entrance driveway there is usually some other 70 year old supplementing his or her meager pension with a car hood covered with egg cartons of slightly experienced balls. Get to know this person. $1 each is about right. 
Are you now ready to try and actually hit one of those slightly scuffed $6 balls? You have a picture-perfect stance and grip, your trail runners grip the turf and your baseball cap is on, peak facing forward. Together with your golf buddies, your, Costco shirts give the impression that you are a Ryder Cup team. 
A great start. But I’ve gone way past my 2000 words for this week, so you will have to wait until next Sunday to learn how to actually hit a ball.
Thanks for listening. Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck

Index




Blog 8: Golf Obsession part 2
Sunday, July 21, 2019

Good day all! It has been quite a week of feedback. It seems that the majority of my readers have taken exception to either my golf or my pickleball blogs—or both. I think it says something for the lives we lead that I have received more feedback on these items than my ‘clicktavist’ comments. At any rate, this week I’ll further the discussion of golf, and then, maybe Pickleball in a future blog.
First though, a number of you (ok, one reader) asked if Brenda was an “Amazon” (your words not mine) to be able to hit a golf ball 200 metres? (As a small protest, I will use the metric system for the rest of my blogs on golf. Golf is one of the last bastions of the imperial system in Canada.) Brenda is not an “Amazon”. She is actually 153.9 cm tall and 52.16 Kg (5 feet 1 and 115 lbs. for those of you Canadians who, after almost 30 years, have still not adopted the metric system. That’s the last translation I will do.) She is what the fashion industry refers to as “petite”. I know it has actually made it a challenge to find clothing that fits her, although end of season sales is good because there are few females over 12 years old that are her size. I have never been able to figure out how we had one son that it something over 185 cm tall. I am only 175 cm so there must be some recessive, tall gene somewhere in our bodies to get one child that tall. (The other son is an expected 178cm tall). At any rate, no, she is not an Amazon, just a good golfer. When we play any kind of “best ball” game with friends or in a charity tournament, she always is picked first. That has not happened to me since I was the 145 cm tall kid in grade 5 who was always the last kid chosen for the pick-up basketball game (I didn’t have my growth spurt until I was in grade 10.)
Back to golf, and my promise to get you past just looking good, to actually hitting the ball. (Remember, it is perfectly fine to stay at the looking good stage and simply enjoy the 19th hole rather than the 18 before it.) So, you have a seven iron in your hand and the ball is teed up about a fingers width from the ground. (That is horizontal finger, not vertical. That trick only works when you are pouring three “fingers” of scotch.) Your feet are aiming where you want the ball to go (I sometimes lay the club across my thighs to get the alignment right).
You are ready to actually try and hit the ball. 
But first a further observation about equipment.
There are two clubs that deserve special mention, the Driver and the Putter. I'll do the driver now and cover the putter in another blog. You are able to find all those $6 balls in the bush to the right of most holes because that is where most "duffers" (a derogatory term that applies to 95% of all golfers) hit their tee shots —either a long curving shot into the bush or dead straight into the trees. Remember my goal today isn't necessarily you make you a better golfer, just to help you figure out how to have more fun. So here is a fact. No matter how far you hit it off the tee, you will have much more fun if you play your second shot from the middle of the fairway (that is the short green stuff right in front of you as you tee off). As you experiment with your clubs find the one club—any club— that you can hit straight off the tee. I play regularly with a guy who hits a six iron off every tee, no matter the length of the course. Then he stands in the middle of the fairway waiting to make his second shot while the rest of the foursome wards off ticks and snakes. I understand when we were young it was worth 12 mishit drives to get that one ‘bragging right’, pure, centre of the head, laser shot down the middle of the fairway that went 10 metres past your buddies. At 70, find some wisdom —and the fairway —and hit your tee shot with whatever works.
Two added thoughts if you insist on hitting a driver. 
The Driver that you get with your set of clubs will rarely be the one that puts you—the 70 year old—consistently in the fairway. Manufactures trip over each other to make a driver that is designed to go the farthest —on a test robot. That way they can make the claim in Golf Digest to have the “longest driver” of 2018 and so on. Hence, the stock driver you buy from the local golf Wal-Mart will be 45.5 inches (There we go again with Imperial. Unfortunately, the salesman at Golf Town will not have a clue what to do if you ask for a 115.57 centimetre driver). Length apparently adds distance. So, try this. Almost all woods (that are actually made of metal) you buy today have adjustable shafts. That means you can take a shaft out and replace it with another one. Replace the stock Driver shaft with the shaft that your 3 wood came with. Or better still, take a lady’s driver shaft and put it in your M3 head. Or even better yet, try a lady’s driver. (Brenda hits a ladies driver over 200 Meters (got ya!). My job is to go in the bush on the rare occasions she misses the fairway. But she is only 62. I've tried it. (I didn’t tell Brenda I was messing with her new, expensive clubs. She doesn’t like me touching her stuff.). Bottom line? A shorter driver works better. Try a 44-inch (111.76 centimetre) driver instead of a 45.5 inch one. I think every aging golfer should do that. Let me know what happens?
Now you can actually try and hit the ball.
You are now standing in that perfect golf stance (modified with the limitations of aging body shapes) staring at that scuffed $6 ball. Here we go.
Now think Viennese waltz. That's 123—123—123—. Get a nice waltz pace in your brain and take a few practice swings. 123—123—123 —123. Step up to the ball and go 123—123. The first 123 is the back swing and second 1… is when you hit the ball.
That's it. That is the only swinging advice I have for the 70 year old golfer.
Once you have the setup in place think nothing else but rhythm—specifically a waltz rhythm. If you know anything about golf you will now that even the best golfers have different looking strokes. Lee Trevino, Jack Nicklaus, Arnold Palmer and Hale Irwin had incomparable swings except for one thing; they had rhythm with a ratio of 3 beats on the backswing and 1 on the downswing. This has actually been “scientifically” determined. (I am always amazed at how people who dismiss the real science of things like climate change and vaccination, yet readily accept their choice of “pseudo-science” out there in the ether). I don't care what you look like, how far back you swing the club, how stiff your left arm, if you move your head, or shake your hips, just find a nice waltz rhythm and use it for every club you hit.
My personal rhythm is about 50 beats per minute. (You can download a music metronome app for free. Forget the golf-dedicated ones.). Adam Scott's is 56. If you don't like to waltz try these songs. You can boogie while you swing. 
John Lee Hooker, You’re Mellow
Aretha Franklin, Nobody But You
Jimmy Hendrix, Red House
Eric Clapton, Three o’clock Blues
I have a list of good blues songs to swing by, but you can check out the site getsongbpm.com and find your own. How fun is listening to your playlist while you look for your lost balls in the bush? Brenda and I took dance lessons once. That was once I said. For the life of me I couldn't get my feet to pretend to waltz. Don't tell her I can waltz with a golf club instead of her.
Now, just a comment on the rules of golf before you pay $75 to someone who has ruined a good farmer’s field to raise your blood pressure. OK, so you are now out playing with your buddies. Here are some suggestions to have fun. I should warn you that you do not make these suggestions to traditionalists, or those who think that there is some purpose in an accurate or official handicap. If you are one of those, you are probably already pissed off at my golf suggestions, so just ignore this section.
When I play with my collection of 70 plus year olds, we have three rules: 1. Treat everything—lost or out of bounds—as a lateral. 2. All year, winter rules. 3. Gimme putts within the leather. (Don't worry if you don't know what all this means. Either Siri or someone in your group can explain.) After three tries you also get to throw your ball out of a sand trap. My point isn't that our rules are good for you, just that most of us are only out for a day of fun and sometimes the strict interpretation of Old Saint Andrews rules get in the way of that fun. Make up your own. I know one group of 70 plus ladies that allows teeing up of every shot. Another group of old guys play modified best ball—they all play from the best drive.
At our age we have all had our share of serious competition. It is now time for fun.
That's it. My advice for golf for the 70 year old. For those of you relatively new to the game, this advice will get you started. For you old time golfers, these are some new tricks for old ponies. At our age it is always fun to try something new. What have we got to lose other than our dignity?
Go get 'em gang! The only down side is how depressed you can be if you don't play.
Have a good week. I promise to go back to Pickleball soon!
See you next Sunday
Chuck
Index



Blog 9: How ya feelin’?
Sunday, July 28, 2019

Good morning. I hope you had a great week free from any of the annoying burdens of aging. I told you before I won’t succumb to the senior obsession to share my age-related physical disorders. Whenever Brenda and I get together with friends our age, it takes one martini (two craft beers) before the discussion turns to everyone’s latest ailments. (The conversation is slightly different if it is Brenda’s age group or mine. At least one of the partners in our couple friends are 70 plus, while Brenda’s friends are all early 60s or less.) 
Once a month we have a pub night with three other couples —only one of the women is in her 60s—who we have known from my productively employed days. This Wednesday was a special summer’s night event. I’ll take you to the third craft beer. I remember it all well since I am still on soda with twist of lime.
“Have you had the new shingles flu shot yet?” Gordie changed the conversation from the latest collective rant about politics in the U.S. Gordie is a “Canadian Republican” and is always uneasy with political conversations.
“It is just a big pharma scam,” Karen mumbled through a mouthful of her Kale salad. Karen is 60 and still runs marathons. She has already asked her doctor to apply for knee surgery for an ailment she doesn’t yet have. “It costs 350 bucks. And vaccinations don’t work anyhow.”
Everyone left the vaccination thing alone. We have learned over the years what we can and can’t talk about if we want to keep our friendships. Climate change, vaccination, gay rights Immigration, bourkas —and God — are topics we leave alone. Politics are generally doable as long as we all agree within an acceptable Canadian spectrum of ideology. Sports, grandchildren, travel, music, and ailments —especially ailments—are all copasetic. 
“I had shingles two years ago,” Burt wiped bread flakes from his three cheese macaroni off his handlebar mustache. Burt is the oldest of the crowd at 74. “I would have paid a thousand bucks to avoid that.” Burt had previously told us about the 6 months of agony and ruined all our dinners by pulling up his shirt to show the seeping scabs.
Everybody else announced that they had taken the shot. 
“I threw up all day the next day,” Mary proudly announced.
“I just had a headache,” Burt was almost apologetic.
“They are going to give me a pacemaker next week,” Ruth stopped the shingles conversation. “I passed out on Sunday.” She pulled back her bangs and exposed a large cut and bruise at her hairline.
Burt interrupted. “We were watching the Flames game and she got up from the couch to get me a beer and only made it six metres before she went down like a tree. Blood everywhere.” He savoured the shocked silence as he took a lengthy draw of his Dirty Dog Brown craft beer.
“Are you alright?’ Brenda reached beside her and put her hand on Ruth’s shoulder.
“I’m fine,” Burt intoned. “I got my own beer, and the Flames scored 5 goals in the last period to win.”
Even Brenda laughed. She doesn’t usually approve of Burt’s humour, or his politics.
“Thanks Brenda,” Ruth struggled to smile. “The emergency doctor was great. It was a sudden drop in blood pressure and my irregular heart rhythm. It is all fixable.”
“How long did you have to wait in the emergency room?” Karen asked. 
And the health care discussion began in earnest. Privatized health care is almost as disruptive a topic as climate change and pot, but since the discussion is always peppered with gruesome and entertaining personal ailment anecdotes, everyone endures it in a reasonably civil manner. 
You will deduce in all of this that I was silent. It isn’t that I have not had my own entertainingly gruesome anecdotes. And it isn’t that I don’t like taking about them. It is just, as I said above, I’m not anxious to feed the monster and succumb to the stereotype that all that old people talk about is their ailments, even if that partly true. So, as I said before, while you will learn much about me and my family through these blogs, you will never read (much?) about my physical ailments. Unless I die, and then you will have to deduce those for yourself.
However, I will now rant about our preoccupation with the amelioration of the natural progress of aging.
That is where our couples’ night and Brenda’s friends’ night (weekly after the hot yoga session) diverge. While our older couple friends display their ailments, Brenda’s friends (all early 60s or less) share their latest strategy to avoid these ailments. They are all apparently Gluten intolerant (it is apparently the system’s fault that tests show no indication of Celiac Disease), and have a system “purge” twice a year. (Apparently, our body is full of trace metals that need to be purged.) I told the group one night when they were at our house for a book club meeting, that the best purge I remember was called “Purple Jesus.” (If you are laughing you remember it.) One woman had never heard of it, so I said, “How about a good Chicken Vindaloo? Works for me. Even better, book a colonoscopy.” (I got a lecture that night about my sense of humour). They buy only free range, organic eggs, (if they eat eggs) and so on. The topic of the last Dr. Oz show consumes at least half of the airtime of their dinners. This is where Brenda got the notion that the tap water was bad for her and we now have big bottles of water delivered to our house weekly that I have to carry (now there is something that is really bad for my health) to the cooler dispenser now taking up space in our tiny condo kitchen. At least she isn’t into “raw” water yet. Last spring I bought their book club half a dozen copies of Tim Caulfield’s book, Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything? Another lecture followed.
Brenda’s latest initiative came from the yoga dinner two Tuesdays ago. Apparently, another friend Susan (58 years old and the owner of more imagined body symptoms than our older couples group put together) had what she referred to as a “food intolerance test” and she discovered the reason why she has headaches, heart burn, less energy in the morning, gas of the unmentionable type and is growing a dark mustache on her lip. She also believes that she has cancers growing in her (we all do to a certain degree), although the MRI she forced her doctor to prescribe (by claiming non-existent sharp pain in her back) showed nothing. Brenda now wants to find out if she is, like Susan, intolerant to everything she could conceivably put in her mouth.
I don’t really blame Susan, Brenda or any of the others. It is hard for all of us to resist the relentless assaults on our common sense by the pseudo health industry. Do you really believe that there is a magic salve (with a scientific agent called “Delivera”—give me a break) that you can rub on your aging, aching knee and the pain will go away and allow you to play frisbee with your grandchildren? Do you really believe that a machine that vibrates your feet while you sit still will allow you to take up tennis again? Huge bottles of glucosamine (proven to be useless for anything except emptying your wallet) greet you at the entrance of Costco. And if you believe the natural foods industry, we get none of the vitamins, minerals or probiotics we need from our diet. Yet the prevalence of these types of ads on the TV that old people watch (the CBC news channel?) suggests that someone is buying all of this snake oil.
Alright, that’s enough. 
I could dedicate my whole blog exercise to peripherally related health issues for 70 year-olds and my readership would probably explode. I have even thought it would be entertaining to come up with a new “miracle cure”— a new snake oil that I could sell to the naïve, the ignorant or the desperate —and get rich. I think that the best strategy might be to find something that you would really like imbibing, and make it healthy. The original snake oil barker of 100 years ago already figured out the use of alcohol in these remedies and could sell anything called a magic elixir in prohibition days that was 50% alcohol. We have better booze rules today so I’ll have to find another human weakness. The same with pot. Enough people are already marketing the health benefits of a good toke, so I’ll leave that substance alone. How about sugar? It is really the only true unregulated poison in our lives, so how about “Dr. Chucks Energy Bars.” I can put whatever supposedly good thing in it that I want (make your own list,) as long as it is 50% some form of sugar. But even better would be something that doesn’t need to pass any food inspection process, although the inspection process for homeopathic remedies in Canada is useless. It has to be either something that you rub somewhere, or you smell. And it has to have things you can find in Benda’s spice rack or cosmetic drawer. Hmm. Leave it with me. I’ll think on this and get back to you later. Or send me your own ideas? We can get rich together?
By now, I have probably already pissed some people off. Sorry about that. Give me a blast if you want. I will read your comments. However, in the spirit of safe topics, let’s return to the pickleball idea.
Oops. I just checked the word count and I am over my 2000 words. I’m sorry about that. I got distracted again. You’ll have to come back for another blog to hear more about pickleball.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 10: Progeny Problems
Sunday, Aug 4, 2019

Good morning all. I hope you have had a great week. Mine was one of resolution. I know that I finished off a blog a couple of weeks with a promise to continue the golf thoughts for those of you 70 plus year olds who have decided that this sport (obsession?) will be a part of your retirement plans. I reread that blog and I realize that I might have been a little pessimistic about the happiness prospects of taking up golf at your age. In rethinking the issue, I was wrong. I was focusing upon the game of golf, not the notion that the action of learning something new is wonderfully satisfying, and an integral part of feeling alive. And at our age we need to look for any strategy to enhance our sense of being alive— not just continuing to have regular heartbeats, but to feel alive. To feel like we have earned the 4 o'clock martini (mine's a Virgin Caesar for now). To feel like there is more to waking up than counting or sorting the pills spread out on our dresser. To do something other than the underwater yoga and other things that are aimed at the futile strategies to reverse our aging. For some reason, to me, taking up Sudoku or the Times crossword so I will keep my faculties seems like surrendering. 
Learning new things —or getting better at old things—is not the sole prerogative of our grandchildren. Pablo Casals, the world renowned Cello player, was apparently asked on his 93rd birthday why he still practiced his instrument 6 hours a day. "To get better, of course." was the reply. So, take up a new sport—golf works if you have the temperament. (And I will continue the golf thoughts in a later blog). It is no mystery why Pickleball has become the new old folks sport. It is also about learning something new. Learn a new musical instrument. How many of us have a dust covered piano in our living rooms? You get the point. In general, what is it you always wanted to do, but work, children and the burdens of life got in the way? Pretend you are 10 years old and about to embark on a long life of artistic, musical, or sport accomplishment. Do it now.
Me? I have decided to learn to juggle this winter. 
I briefly considered learning to unicycle. I was inspired by the story of a young man who rode a unicycle up and down the Rocky Mountain hiking trail that I endured on a fall walk 10 years ago. How hard could this be? I imagined myself joyfully scooting past the senior residence near our condo, bouncing the single tire up and over curbs and potholes the way the young man bounced over rocks and roots. It was a brief fantasy that temporarily filled the urge to find something new to learn. My rarely used common sense soon suggested that it would not be a good hobby to help pass a Calgary winter. Then, at the local outdoor market I watched a twenty something in a Calgary Flames toque and cargo pants that hung around his butt crack, juggle everything from eggs to knives to some burning sticks. That's it, I said to ‘rolling her eyes’ Brenda. Juggling it is. I bought a 16-page booklet —with the requisite diagrams and photos —and three different coloured (red, blue yellow) egg size balls that are of some soft construction so they won't put holes in the hardwood when they hit the living room floor. Game on. I'll let you know later how it goes.
But I didn't intend learning something as the theme of this week’s blog. Maybe getting so easily sidetracked is an old man thing? Whatever. This week I wanted to raise the issue of kids and grandkids. As I told you before, Brenda and I spawned 2 boys and they 3 grandchildren. Like most progeny they are all different. Sometimes I wonder where the genes came from. An event with one son this week exemplifies. Donald (we named him long before his presidential namesake) is 32 and our oldest son. He is a Certified Accountant and now makes his living as a Financial Advisor. My Dad would call him a Stockbroker. He's also 186cm tall (I push 175), sports a 32-inch waist (I was 34 in my best dumpy years) and a full head of curly hair (my only curls are usually well hidden). However, it isn't his physical attributes that make me question my role as progenitor. 
In the first instance I have always wondered about Donald's business of making money from money. Watching his life, I know that he is financially well off due to his managing other people's money. And I know that almost all of his clients are retired people like you and me, relying on our investments to ensure we have a lifestyle beyond the emoluments of the Canadian Pension Plan. Donald (and Brenda) was quite upset when I retired and opted not to give him my pension funds to manage, deciding to manage my own funds. I simply bought a collection of ETFs (Exchange Traded Funds—look them up) with half my pension and have left them alone. I have no interest in managing money or trading and so on. I have to pay between .35 and .6 % of my funds annually to the fund managers, but other than spending the income, I don't think about my money day to day. I do get quarterly reports of my money and I know that in the five years since I retired, my funds returns have outpaced both inflation and most market indexes. I also didn’t have the heart to tell him that before I retired I had the other half of my retirement fund directed to a skillful financial advisor I know in Toronto. Those funds have done even better than my ETFs. I didn’t even tell Brenda since she would be pissed off that I trusted another advisor than Donald. At any rate, I'm happy with my non-involvement in my money management. On the other hand, Donald manages a collection of what are called mutual funds —and all of his client's money is placed in one or more of these funds. As far as I can see (and he tells me regularly) these funds do quite well. But here's the issue. A few years ago the disclosure rules were changed and advisors like Donald had to disclose all of the fees that came to them from the investments in mutual fund. And we all learned how people like Donald accumulated their wealth. It was not uncommon for the uninformed investor to pay 4% annually in various types of fees. I'm not an investment or financial person so it is all probably more complex than this —Donald argued quite correctly that he is paid for the investment advice he provides his clients— but from the perspective of my simple, retired brain, and needing my investments to live, there is something confusing about this ‘making money from money’ business where in a bad year, the advisor could make more from my money than I do. Even my Toronto advisor guy gets a fixed .9% of my money each year no matter the returns.
This is all complicated by the differences in types of pensions I mentioned earlier. By this time —by our advanced ages—most of us have our pension revenue stream all set up, so any comment I make here is largely irrelevant. But I do have serious reservations about the retirement health of the generation behind us. Over the last twenty years—and a continuing, growing trend—companies (private and even some public) have been shifting from the old fashioned, defined benefit plans to plans that give a pensioner a cost of living adjusted income for the rest of their life, to a defined contribution plan that gives a retiree a sum of cash at retirement to invest in a way that gives them a stream of retirement income. This has resulted in a shift of cash infusions from large, managed pension funds to individual funds managed by Brokers like Donald. And while it has certainly increased the revenue stream to these financial advisors-stockbrokers, it has not—and will not —provide stable and reasonable pensions to a future generation. But as I said, it is too late for most of us anyhow, so I'll leave this issue for your own contemplation.
However, what this issue with Donald has really got me thinking about is the question of the tipping point in a family life where there is a shift from a parent responsibility (and guilt?) for the child —to the child responsibility for the parent? Brenda is only 62 and such a niggly thought obviously hasn't entered her mind yet. It is clear that it hasn't entered Donald's mind yet. Or Graham's for that matter. But he is a different case for a future blog.
“Hey Dad,” Donald cheerfully asked through my new iPhone Plus. “How’s your day going?”
Donald never calls me unless he wants something. He has always been that way and has always started our conversations the same way. As a 10 year old he would finish his requisite responsibilities—piano, clean room, any homework—before initiating an after dinner chat. It was always obvious that he really had not the slightest interest in how my day had progressed, but he had learned even before puberty that a pleasantry was the way to start a conversation that he wanted to go his own way. “Just fine Donald,” I intoned. “I had two holes in one, made the last kilometre of my 20 km run in under 3 minutes, and your mother and I had sex twice. How about yours?”
Donald never had a bad day. Or at least he never told you he did. He and Laverne (the equally annoying daughter-in law) put out one of those letters every Christmas that celebrates the perfection of their family life. “Noah (now 7 years old) has excelled so much at day care that he has been granted early admission to a (the most prestigious) private school in Calgary. Olivia (now 10 going on 19) won the beginners’ squash tournament (at the most expensive golf and country club in town).” It never says, “Laverne had her 5th Botox session last week.” Or “Donald is going bald, no matter what homeopathic treatment he tries. Transplant is next. We will let you know next year how it goes.” Or, “Noah still pees his bed and Olivia has anger management issues.”
“Absolutely perfect Dad.” Absolutely is one of Donald’s favorite words. No mention of my two holes in one. “Do you have a moment to chat?”
Ever since Donald could talk, the “do you have a moment?” opening gambit was Donaldspeak for “I want something from you.” The topics morphed over the years. At 10 it was an allowance advance to buy a video game. At 16 it was the car. (Mine. He had his own first Mercedes at 20). At 22 it was a loan to pay for an executive MBA that had no entrance requirements other than a good credit rating. The thing is though, he never learned that I always said no (except for the car), and it was his mother who made all the money related enabling decisions, not me. More on that later.
“Of course, Donald. I always have time for you.” Not true, but suggesting I was too busy at the moment to chat would go right over his head. “What’s up?”
“Could we meet at Starbucks for coffee? The one near your place? This afternoon?”” 
It must be a serious chat if he wants to meet in person. Of course, he has forgotten that I hate Fourbucks. 
“So, what’s up?” 
“I need some money.”
Not fatherly advice. No need of comfort for a bad day. No sharing of his life’s insecurities. Just money. He had always been like this, and from my perspective Brenda and I had created him. We had indulged his every whim and fancy and enabled every step in his life that led to the man he is today. I realize that this helping-enabling thing is usually debated in the context of a child gone astray —drugs, school dropout, criminal stuff stray. I’m sure that some of you are wondering what my problem is? Donald sounds like the dream child. He is an independent, successful, family man and so on. And I have no problem whatsoever in helping your children. As soon as that wiggly little sperm found its way into a lonely egg, I was committed to a lifetime obligation to worry and help. There is no getting away from it as a parent. It only niggles me a bit that maybe there was some point that we could have helped Donald morph into a better human being without enabling every choice in his life without question. I should add that this is my view and not Brenda’s. She forwards the Christmas letter to all of her friends—Facebook and more. 
“I see. But before I hear the story as to why one of Calgary’s top Financial Advisors needs some money from his fixed income father, why are you asking me and not your Mother? I think that she has a special savings account with your name on it.”
There are two things about Brenda and my financial life that you should know before I continue. The first is that we have two different pensions. A couple of you actually asked about this. She had what I described earlier as the defined benefit plan, and I have the defined contribution plan. As I explained, it simply means that her plan provides a fixed (cost of living adjusted) amount of revenue each month, while my monthly revenue is dependent upon the variable return of an invested sum of money. The second is that we have separate banking accounts. She insisted on this when we got married. Apparently her first husband was so controlling he gave her an allowance and made her account for every penny (remember those?) she spent. She quite rightly insisted that financial independence was one proxy for a positive self-concept and self-confidence, both attributes her husband had tried to squash. Control, of course, is the central purpose of all religions and most leadership is male dominated, so I assume he found the priesthood the perfect place to satisfy his controlling obsession. At any rate, over the years, we have worked out a balanced way of determining who pays for what of the recurrent living expenses. How we spend what is left after taking care of life’s necessities is up to each of us. I never question or make her explain her homeopathic—or cosmetic—splurges, and she never makes me feel guilty for succumbing to the hype and buying the latest driver.
However, I suspect that it is the pension differences that have brought Donald to the coffee invitation.
“I need more than new brakes on the SUV or ortho for Olivia.”
We met that afternoon at 2:30. 
Fourbucks is a curious corporate phenomenon. The concept of the coffee shop is not a new one —go to Italy or Spain and count the coffee shops within any 100-metre city strip. Starbucks (and a few other ones locally successful) have tapped into the rich vein of consumers who will pay twice as much as for the perception of a twice as good coffee. If it was just straight coffee, I would guess that a blind taste test would prove that Starbuck’s coffee is indistinguishable from MacDonald’s. But Starbucks is more than just coffee. It has become a lifestyle —or at least a reflection of lifestyle. Why else would someone pay five dollars for a coffee based concoction? You actually need a lesson on how to order a permutation of something with a coffee base. So I went to Ms. Google and prepared my order for the meeting with Donald. He was paying.
“I’ll have a macchiato, soy milk, pumpkin spiced, extra vanilla, Grande, dark roast,” I smiled proudly at the tattooed, twelve year old behind the counter. She didn’t blink as she wrote some kind of shorthand on the paper cup passed to a colleague. Donald ordered a soy cappuccino. 
“I need to borrow some money Dad.” It must be serious for him to both ask to simply borrow—and call me Dad.
“Ok. Tell me about it.”
“I invested client money on some high risk investments in the marijuana area. They have temporarily dropped in value and I need to temporarily put some money back in the accounts.”
The coffee tasted terrible. “How much of a drop? How would that work? Why can’t your clients just wait until the stocks go back up?
“Eighty percent drop.”
I winced. Could have been the coffee.
“Buying those stocks goes against the investment agreement I have to sign these days with all clients. They could make a complaint against me to the regulator and then no one would ever trust me again.”
Rightly so, I thought. “What would you do?”
“Transfer the ownership of the stocks to my account and put the original investment back into my client’s accounts.” 
“If they recover you get richer?”
“Right.”
“If they go zero you lose all your money? Remember Nortel?”
“They won’t. Cannabis is the next big investment opportunity.”
“How much do you need? And why me? You have money.”
He drained his Cappuccino. “Five hundred thousand. My money is all tied up in our home and Whistler condo. I can hardly ask for an increase in my mortgage to buy pot stocks.”
I’m out of space for this week. The bottom line is that I thanked him for the sludge and told him no, I couldn’t help him with that amount of money. I’ll let you know next Sunday how that response will play out this week.

Have a great week. 
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 11: Show me the Money Honey.
Sunday, Aug 11, 2019

It has not been a good week. Brenda and I had a major fight Tuesday morning over the Donald intervention. 
"What did you do to Donald," Brenda wondered in a dangerously calm voice, as she dumped a pile of glutinous Costco fruit and vegetables into a smoothie blender.
Unlike my first wife, Brenda is dangerous in that calm demeanour. I don’t mean dangerous in a physical way, just a “watch out…this will be tough argument” way. With my first wife dangerous meant something else. I met her at work when I had some business with the HR office and she was assigned to my case. She was (still is I imagine, although we haven’t talked in over 40 years) as tall as me, with long Gaelic curls that bounced over her shoulders as she stood to greet me. We were married three months later, she attacked me with a kitchen knife six months later, and within two years we were divorced. I have been told that she finally got treatment for her schizophrenia. Maybe I wasn’t patient enough, or informed enough about mental illness. At the time I simply feared for my life.
I slowly stirred my bowl of Honey Nut Cheerios. I like the things all coated with 3% milk. And General Foods insists —read the cover— that the tiny donuts are good for my cholesterol. "Basically, I told Donald that he was a big boy and to take care of his own problems." 
The whirring blender cut the silence. 
"Do you know the implications for him and his family if we don't help?"
"We? Do you have access to half a million in your savings account?"
"We? I thought we were a team?" She poured a mucous like, green, liquid into a tall glass. "I know that you have the money in your investment account."
" I assume that you have been talking to Laverne," I slurped a spoonful of little Os. "Did she tell you why they need the money?" Laverne is the daughter-in-law who would never talk to me about something like this. I admit that our usual interactions are not fun for her. It is just that she is either so dumb—or so consumed by the hype of her generation—that she is an easy target for teasing. “How did the purge go this morning Laverne?” I would ask. She would go into a commercial (Paltrow inspired) soliloquy about the toxins in her body until she realizes that I am not taking her seriously. The laughter usually does it. At that point she stops the speech and calls me something —“You know Chuck, you really are incorrigible (I’m surprised at the big word),” she announces as she stomps away to a safer and more supportive environment. 
"Something like a bad investment." She looked healthier with each sip.
"Right," I put my spoon down and poured an Irish Breakfast Tea on top of a splash of sweetened condensed milk, like my grandmother taught me. Brenda grimaced as she watched the ritual. "Did she tell you that the investment was with someone else's money? Did she tell you it was an investment in dope stocks?"
"Marijuana is legal now. Nothing wrong with investing in marijuana companies."
"Not unless you want to go to the U.S. Or, not unless you want to lose your money. Crypto currency is a better bet today."
"What do you know?" Emboldened by the fruit and veggie smoothie coursing through her veins, her voice and indignancy was rising. "He is a specialist in investing. He has an MBA. You know nothing except how to pollute our environment with dirty oil."
"Executive MBA. Brenda," I took a slurp of Grandma's tea. "This isn't about me. You are a lawyer. You should see that Donald broke the law. He took money that his clients gave him to invest on their account, and put it in some speculative stocks. The stocks have predictably crashed and now he needs funds to replenish the investor accounts."
"He didn’t break the law. The stocks stayed in client accounts. He was just trying to make them more money. And it is just a loan for Christ's sake," Brenda calmly announced across the breakfast counter. "He just needs some money until the stock value goes back up."
"Tell me one instance where he has ever paid back any so-called loan that we have ever given him?"
Brenda got up from her stool and put her glass and blender in the dishwasher. "I have to go to my hot yoga class. Lend him the money Chuck. It is our responsibility as parents to help our children in any way we can. "
Later that morning I did go to the bank and make the transfer to Donald. I don't expect to ever get the money back, and with my defined contribution plan this will affect my monthly revenue —although not enough to affect my lifestyle. After I did the banking, I went for a long walk. Brenda had not returned from her yoga although the class was only an hour long and only 5 minutes away. The whole episode has caused me to reflect further on both Donald’s business of making money form money and the tipping point of child parent-child relationships. I didn’t reach any conclusions in either.
Brenda finally showed up at lunchtime. 
"I gave him money," I offered, as I mixed some Mayonnaise and chopped green onions into a tin of Tuna.
"Loaned. And so you should. He is our son."
"You realize that much of a reduction in my account will reduce my monthly income?"
"What do you need the money for anyhow? Not enough new golf balls in your bag? I'm going for a shower. I'll eat later."
I quietly mixed the tuna.
Donald never texted, or called, to say thank you.
Think I'll go buy some new golf balls. The six dollar ones.
See you next week. Maybe I'll have a happier story to tell.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 12: A Senior Moment: Ha! Ha!
Sunday, Aug 18, 2019

Good morning all. Thanks for all of the comments on my last blog. As I said before, I have a pretty thick skin, so the abuse rolls right off. But I am moved by both your own stories of parent-child relationships and the seriousness of the questions you asked. On the former, while I am tempted to tell your stories, remember that this is my blog, not yours, so while I appreciate the need to tell your story to someone, I'll keep it between the two of us. Your questions are another matter. I certainly never set off on this adventure to be any kind of expert on anything other than my own slowly disappearing life—and you have already seen a little bit of how well that expertise is working out. Not. But I will do two things. First of all, I will try and help off-line. So, some of you may get a response to a question that I remotely feel capable of helping you find an answer to. Secondly, I will consider which questions might be of appeal to all of the blog readers (hit 50 last week! Wahoo!) and share them in one of these weekly diatribes. Send them in. I'll treat them as blog suggestions from my fans. (Ha!)
Not this week though. I felt so badly all week about the negative tone of may last blog that I have decided to change it up —as a pitcher would say—and cheer you up. Consequently, this week’s blog is all about old people humour. If you don’t think growing old is funny—or at least has some humorous components to it— then go back to your Sunday Sudoku and skip this week’s blog.
Do you have something that deep down inside you always wanted to do, but never did? Life—usually having to make a living—always got in the way. We always told our kids (and now our grandchildren) to follow their dreams. You can be anything you want blah, blah. Of course, that might be why so many of our brats are still borrowing from us (or living with us as many of you told me) in their middle age. Our parents just told us to get out of the house and get a job, and consequently most of us placed those inevitably silly dreams somewhere in the back of our cerebellum and moved on. In my case, studying computer technology was never caught up in my Dream Catcher, but I was good at math, and in 1967 it seemed sufficiently mysterious. 
Now you are wondering what it is I really wanted to try. Get ready for it. Here it is. Not juggling. I always wanted to be a stand- up comedian. See? Already got a laugh out of you. 
I can't think of a single computer geek that made me drool with envy. (OK. Maybe Steve Jobs—until he died as a homeopath.) But I have always admired the skill, talent and moxie of Robin Williams, George Carlin, Richard Pryor, Jay Leno, Jim Carey and Jerry Seinfeld. (Yes. There are a few good women comedians. Think Joan Rivers and Whoopi Goldberg. And I think the best comedians today are women. But in the 60s and 70s most of the stand-ups were men.) The leadership literature says that people seek out the executive office or the political seat for the warm glow of power—power over the thoughts and behavior of others. I'm convinced power is a motivation for entering a religious order. What other job gives license to lecture on a weekly basis to a large group of people who have abandoned all effort to think for themselves? But none —not the boss, the General, or the preacher—match the power that a comedian has over their crowd. In general, I think that this power thing for the comedian was a good example of what the leadership literature calls referent vs. de facto power. The latter is power that someone assumes by way of their position, and they exercise that power as long as they are in that position. Politicians and Generals are good examples. The other type of power is the one that followers give to some leader. And those followers can take it away as fast as they give it depending upon the leaders behavior. While I think all leaders (positional or otherwise) should be aware of this type of power if they really want to be effective, nothing demonstrates this power exchange better than performers in general, and stand-up comedians particularly. Why comedians? Simple. The feedback is immediate. The crowd laughs or not. Sometimes they even groan or boo. But regardless, the performer knows immediately if they are in control. And the beauty of watching the power of someone like Robin Williams over a crowd of a thousand people is something to behold. Of course, like all of you and your own fantasies, I never did it. After I worked on my bits, bytes and double integrals, I went to bed fantasizing about standing in front of my whole school making them laugh —and then woke up the next day and forgot about it. 
I have run out of excuses. Here is my fantasy.
Master of Ceremonies: Ladies and gentlemen, I’m Bernie Funducker and I’m delighted to welcome everyone to Yuk Yuk’s open mike night. Remember folks. Be gentle. One of these young people could be the next Amy Schumer. Our first comedian just goes by the name of Chuck. Like everyone else performing tonight, this is his first time at our club. He is a comedian who has actually has lots of experience —and I mean lots of experience (he laughs)—about the things he jokes about. Welcome Chuck to our stage.
Applause as I slowly work my way up the stairs like I am incapacitated. I am dressed in ‘old man’ clothes…Skechers slip on shoes (I actually use them as slippers)…rumpled, no press, Dockers pants…white shirt with a button up cardigan (was Benda’s dad’s), and a Salt and Pepper cap. (Bryson Dechambeau type, only Newfoundland old.)
MC: Glad you could make it up the stairs Chuck. It says on my notes that you are 71. I have to tell you that you don’t look a day over 80. You won’t die on me here will you Chuck? Bad for our insurance you know?
Me: Thanks Burt.
MC: Its Bernie.
Me: Sure it is Burt. And thanks for the compliment. You don’t look a day over 15. Can I see your parent permission slip? Have you finished your homework?
Laughter and Burt pretends to crawl down the stairs.
Good evening everyone. And thanks for the warm welcome. Nice to be here although it is a little past my bedtime. But then like most people my age I don’t sleep much so it really doesn’t matter. In fact, I think all people my age should have two jobs, one from 9 to 5…make that 4 since we eat dinner at 4:30 for the all you can eat two buck spaghetti special…and another one from Midnight to 7, when we are awake anyhow. Just leave enough time in the morning for oatmeal and Metamucil.
So yes, I am old. But there is only a 30% chance that I will die tonight…apart from my jokes. I do come prepared though. So, I have to start out by telling you that if I have a heart attack up here I have a bottle of Nitro pills in my sweater pocket.
(I pick out a young woman in the crowd in the front row) Young lady if I collapse will you get the nitro and give it to me? It won’t blow up and since everyone will record it on their iPhones you will be an Internet viral sensation by Starbucks time. (She pauses and laughs and then nods) OK? Thanks.
It’s a suppository you know.
And don’t mix it up with the other pills. The blue ones. Those are for another performance later tonight.
Hopefully laughter.
It is true. I am a bona fide member of the hated Boomer group. According to my millennial grandchildren we are personally responsible for everything from global warming to ISIS. Harvey Weinstein is the caricature of the Boomer male. And all boomer women strive to look like Jane Honda. 
And since you can only joke today about your own culture, old has become the only generic safe space for jokes. Mothers, fathers, grandparents and the old white guy down the street are fair game for everyone…as long as they could be called a boomer. 
Now, it’s not that we don’t have a sense of humour. It is just that if only gay comedians can make fun of gay quirks, then only old folks should dish old folks. The 2slgbtQQia should be 2slgbtQQiaOF…old fuckers.
Let’s look at how you not so funny millennials get it wrong.
Memory is the most popular old folk joke area.
Two old guys are teeing off on the fourth hole. “I forgot my glasses,” one says to his partner. “Can you watch my shot for me?” 
“No worries,” the other says. “I remembered my contacts today.”
The guy hits his drive. “So where did it go?”
“Where did what go?”
That joke is all over the Internet. The assumption here is that he forgot what he was asked to do. In actual fact, what happened is that the cart girl had just driven up to the tee box and he was distracted. In actual fact, he was upset that it is all cart girls? Where are the 20 something cart guys dressed in tank tops and a speedo. Women golfers should demand equal opportunity to be distracted. He was planning his protest.
Another. Two old guys are driving down the road. The driver is so hunched over he has to look thought the steering wheel to see the road. He drives right through a stop sign. His partner winces. A moment later he drives through a red light. His partner screams. Then, when he goes through another red light his partner yells. “What is going on?”
The driver announces, “I thought you were driving.”
Funny. Ha. Ha. In actual fact they were in a Tesla and the auto drive software was malfunctioning.
The truth is that every time a senior like me forgets his car keys, it becomes the progenesis of a joke or an EEG.
(Picks out a young guy in the crowd) Hey friend. Enjoying your evening? So do you have any relatives with children? Aunt? Uncle? 
(Guy says Aunt) How many children?
(Guy says three) What are their ages and birthdays? Can’t remember? Ok. Someone get this guy a brain scan.
Memory is certainly the most popular senior joke area, but health is close behind.
Daytime TV is full of ads trying to convince us old folks that death is imminent without their aid, their insurance or their pill. Of course, they are required to tell us that the arthritis pill we should buy could affect out heart so we need a pill for that, but the heart one ruins our liver so another pill for that, and the liver pill our kidney…another pill. Then they try and sell us the two for one deal for the plastic pill container with each day box labelled and with a capacity for 10 pills.
But at least we don’t buy GOOP. You know the stuff that health expert Gwyneth Paltrow flogs? Purges? If you really wanted a purge just do what we used to do—drink a bottle of cheap Portuguese wine and eat a Chicken Vindaloo. Cheaper and more fun. Or cheat the system and tell your doctor you have a family history of colon cancer and get a colonoscopy. That clean out leaves nothing to chance.
Speaking of Vindaloo and TV ads, the ones that try and sell us premade foods really piss me off. You know the one with the old couple sitting at their kitchen table each with a different diner. He is vacuously praising the frozen, prepared pot roast that was delivered to their door. Pot Roast?? My Grandfather lusted after pot roast. Our generation wants Kung Pao and Pad Thai. Besides, all the food delivery businesses out there that you use are just a symptom of the trend to have someone do everything for you…no one does anything for themselves anymore. I guess you are all just getting ready to be old.
Technology is another area where everyone thinks that if you are over 70 you are a Luddite. 
Who came up with the idea that if you have a problem with your technology, you should ask your grandkid? All they know is how to type with their thumbs. And speak in 3 letter expressions. LOL? Old folks do that too. How about PSM…pass the Metamucil. Or FMP…forgot my password. BTW…bring the wheelchair. WFAI…where the fuck am I? They do speak more languages though. Today kids can take Spanish, French immersion, Mandarin Immersion. I took four years of Latin. I tried it on our trip to Rome but I was only understood at the Vatican—I had remembered the Latin word for bend over.
Back to tech. One cartoon shows an old guy dumping a tray of chocolate chippers in a garbage pail while talking to apple tech support. “OK. I have trashed the cookies. What next?” I have some news for you folks. My generation invented Apple…and Microsoft…and Dell …and Siri. That old guy was an Apple supervisor giving a test to a new employee and had just started his Keto diet. 
My MacBook needed a new drive so I took it into an authorized repair shop.
“Hey. I need a new drive,” I suggested to the tattooed thirty something in a Che Guevara T shirt, with jewelry poking through every part of his face holes. 
“Get a Prius,” he replied.
“Funny. Is your parent’s basement cold this time of year? I’ll stick to my electric scooter thanks.”
“Sir,” he offered in a loud patronizing voice. Why do all millennials think old people are deaf? ”These devices do need repair occasionally. There are two types of memory in this beauty. One holds all the information on the computer that you have saved. Photos? Movies? Books and such?”
“Yeah. I have some of those,” I yelled.
“Good. The other works without you knowing it. Holding the memory of the programs you use.”
“Wow. That sounds complicated,” I offered as I squinted through my bifocals.
“Don’t worry. The problem is probably that a part of your hard drive is corrupted.”
“Like our politicians?”
“Yeah,” he laughed. “I voted Rhino in the last election. They promised to never stick to their promises.”
“Very revolutionary Che. Ok. I will want a new HDD. 2.5 inch. SATA connected. SSD. Stick with 8 Gigs of RAM. Reload MacOS Catalina 10.15.”
He paused as he picked a booger from the nose ring. “Who?”
“And I want 1 tb. Transfer the data. I don’t want to lose my Gilf movies.”
Ah. (Responding to a laugh) Someone knows what GILF is. (Talking to him). Does your girlfriend there know that you know what gilf is? If you don’t know what GILF is folks, Google it. Tell your partner that you were typing in golf and got gilf by mistake. Then when you are done erase your memory and trash your cookies.
GILF. You knew at some point I had to get around to sex and old folks. So here is my news.
We do it. After she finishes her tasteless chicken, the old lady in the pot roast ad does it. Goldie Hawn, Michael Douglas and Helen Mirren do it. I’m not sure about Paltrow. Not likely room down there with the stuffed jade rock. And here’s a wonderful image for you. Your grandparents do it. We need a little chemical assistance on occasion. But we do the old in and out. Close your eyes and imagine nana and popa…? (Groans from the crowd).
However, most of the old folk jokes are written around the millennial assumption that all old men lust for younger women. Apparently old women never lust. Old women only knit and make hooked rugs. Hmmm. 
But for old guys like me— Weinstein and other assholes excepted— this is not true. ISIS fighters might dream of 100 virgins. Give me one experienced, 70 year old Grandma, any day.
(Phone in pocket rings. Pre set up.) Oops sorry. (I look at phone) Speaking of my 70 year old. (I listen.) “Yes Dear I got it. Milk, bread…and some KY.” (Listens again) “Right. Strawberry flavored. Got it. See you in a while. Get the pot roast ready.”

Thanks for listening friends!
LOL. Go hug a grandfather! WFAI
See you next Sunday Folks.
Chuck
Index



Blog 13: Mobile Culinary Art
Still Sunday, Aug 18,2019

Good morning. A second blog today. I hope that you have quit laughing after last week's blog. I want to thank all of you who made the kind suggestion that I stick to my day job. (Remember? Talonlakepress@gmail.com) I assume you were all referring to the fact that I was more likely to have had a successful life as a computer geek than as a stand-up comic, and not referring to my current job as chief cook and bottle washer—with stints out of the house as Costco cart pusher. But it must have been a good routine since I pissed most everyone off. Ah, the life of a comedian.
Speaking of food, I know from all reports that Brenda was an exceptional lawyer. Good thing, because she hates cleaning and can't cook—two generally useful requisites for a more fulfilling domestic life. I never really noticed this when we both worked since there were always cleaning people— and she was travelling a lot. And we mostly ate out when she was home. She did cook when the boys were young (before she went to the government), but it was all the basic meat and potatoes stuff. After the boys left (do children ever leave?), and now that we are both retired, she has totally abandoned any pretense at culinary arts and left any requisite domestic chores to me. All of which caused us to be totally surprised when Graham, our youngest, decided to become involved in the food business. 
And he came home for a visit this week. 
A little background might help before I get to a report on this visit. Graham was a mistake. As busy career people we were quite content to be a one- child family. When Donald was two years old, I became sick with some kind of virus (Brenda claims I picked it up from dirty keyboard). I had a death edge fever for weeks and when I recovered the doctor told me that one side effect was likely sterility. Brenda had given up the pill years ago, but on the chance that he was right we gave up the condom as well. She never liked the "clothing the banana” ritual, as she referred to it. For two years it appeared that Doc was probably right. When Brenda announced that she was pregnant again, I had mixed feelings. Donald was now in pre-school and Brenda was back in full time practice. But she had been raised a Catholic (now a 'strict' Unitarian as I told you before), so our only choice was to bring Graham into our lives. From the beginning Brenda resented him for his intrusion in her balanced home-work life. And nothing has much changed 34 years later.
Brenda was out at one of her pastimes—I think Pickleball, bit I lose track of which one she is at any one time—and I was vacuuming the living room when I saw the truck pulling up in front of our bungalow style condo. I don’t remember giving him the code for the gate to the “55 plus” community. Last week was one of those Calgary August weeks were the trees are fooled into thinking winter has started, so I pulled on a Lululemon sweater (a gift—I would never shop there) and went outside.
"Hey Dad," he cheerfully announced as he jumped down from the passenger seat of cube van dressed only in loose fitting Van Halen T shirt. "How goes it? Still doing nothing useful in your life other than polluting the earth?"
I recognized the van as a late 80s GM cube van, of the type used to do things like furniture deliveries. I knew about it because I paid for it —and for the food truck modifications—three years ago when Graham decided to go into the food truck business.
"Actually, I've given up beans so my methane production is way down." We both laughed as we gave each other man hugs. "Always glad to do my part. You still poisoning children with your curried slop?" Graham once had the notion that curry was the next big food craze, thus his food truck only served curry this and curry that. So far, the curry craze hasn't reached fever pitch, although he must be doing fine since he hadn't asked for any money recently. In fact, we hadn't seen him for a close to a year. The truck was licensed to poison in Edmonton, and he and Lorne spent the past Christmas in Toronto with Lorne’s family. 
"Actually, I've branched out into oatmeal. Next big thing for sure."
"Your Irish grandmother would be proud for sure," I offered, as another man moved around the van from the driver's side. 
The man approached and offered his hand. He wore a Bob Marley decorated T-shirt that seemed painted to his body. 
" Good to see you again Lorne. You still putting up with this ne'er do well?"
Lorne was what Brenda referred to as gorgeous. She wondered why all of the "hunks" in the world today were gay and shaped like the muscle beach boys of her youth. She always neglected to image her own son who was comparatively short—174cm— narrow shouldered and pudgy. “He got your genes,” she often reminded me.
Lorne and Graham put their arms around each other. "Yeah. He's a jerk but we celebrated our fifth anniversary last week."
"Mom around?" Graham hesitantly inquired.
"No. Bridge I think." I know she told me this morning where she was going and when she would be home but I can't remember now. "I'm not sure when she will be back. But come in and I'll put on some coffee—or Rooibos or something —and you can fill me in on the last year."
A little aside on the food industry is warranted here. If you remember my quips in the stand-up routine in the last blog, I’m not a fan of the food delivery business, especially as it aims its tentacles at seniors like us. The ads are insulting (only surpassed in this regard by the ads targeting seniors health obsessions), assuming that old couples have no taste buds, that after decades of marriage don’t like the same food, that they are incapable of the simplest food preparation tasks, and have no interest in leaving their cute little condo to get groceries. Wrong on all accounts. Hitchhiking boomers brought Mexican food to Canada. After decades of marriage, food is sometimes all we have left to share. Cooking takes time and is one commodity we now can waste. And an outing to Costco, Superstore or the Indian food specialty store is a welcome respite from Dr. Phil. 
But the ad folks aren’t stupid. There must be people out there (some of you are reading this blog) who fit the demographic they are targeting or they would change their approach. It just isn’t me, or the 70 plusers that Brenda and I know. What that emphasizes for me once again, is that many boomers like me are in the ‘sweet spot’ I’ve mentioned before —still able to get off the toilet unaided, can still remember our address, still have a compatible partner (or a new one), can drive distracted like the best, and are actually capable of creating new pathways in life (the pickleball boom). 
Back to the food truck. Graham and Lorne and their truck are only a small piece of the wide array of meal options available today. Every restaurant in the city has home delivery —at twice the cost. Companies will choose your menu, grocery shop and deliver to your door—for a premium. Are we really too busy —or too lazy—these days to do a Ms. Google recipe search and walk the aisle of a neighborhood grocery store? It appears so. However, Graham’s food truck goes a step further and brings the restaurant to you. They call their truck “Spice Islands”, and they have chosen one spicy —all curry based—meal from 10 Islands: Grenada, Honshu, Maldives (Kaafu Atoll), Halmahera, Malakula, Tenerife, Mauritius, Espiritu Santo, Shikoku, Hainan. Photos of each Island cover the side of the truck. Half the meals are rice and vegetable heavy. Half are vegetarian. Three are gluten free and vegan. One is actually a curry chicken pizza (apparently a best seller). How they do all of this in a truck is food preparation magic. But apparently it works, since investors offering assistance to take their Spice Islands concept to the fixed-location restaurant level have approached them.
“Here ya go,” Lorne announced as he placed a 4-litre aluminum pot on the kitchen island. “A pot of Mauritius curry noodle for you and Mom.” Brenda has not yet warmed up to the notion of a 185cm black man referring to her as mother.
“Thanks Lorne,” I opened the lid and sniffed the sweet mixture. “What makes this one good?” Lorne is the researcher of the pair and always has an explanation or a story behind one of their curries. 
“Mauritius culture is a unique blend of African, Caucasian and Oriental culture. The official languages are English and Mandarin. And the curry is an equally unique blend of Chinese and African spices, with a little British Raj thrown in. Totally unique.”
I sniffed it again. “We’ll look forward to trying it.” 
“We’re moving to Calgary Dad,” Graham interjected. “We have leased a commercial kitchen in the Northeast and it has an apartment above it. We will make the sauces in the kitchen and live above it. And there is a parking space for the truck.” 
Apparently the process is that they make all of the 10 curry sauces in bulk and then just add the meat or veggies or noodles and such with an order in the truck. Very slick. 
“Wonderful,” I was genuinely pleased. I liked having both of them around, despite the fact that Graham still caused a certain amount of tension in our family. “Does Donald know yet?”
“Yeah. Thought I might park the truck in front of his house. Hook it up to his sewage like in Chevy Chase’s Christmas Vacation.” 
“That would work. Maybe start a gay pride support group in his neighborhood?”
Even Lorne laughed at that suggestion. Donald and Laverne live in an oil patch executive neighborhood overlooking a golf course. When Graham ‘came out’ at 19, Donald’s only comment was how embarrassing it was for him. Laverne’s family was social conservative Alberta at its best—anti everything.
“Ha,” Graham smiled. “Not sure that Donald’s neighborhood represents our target demographic. Especially if we branch into edibles.”
“You mean Alice B Toklas type edibles?” 
“Good. You remember old man,” Graham teased. “ Yup. Deserts only. As soon as edibles are approved we are on the market.”
“I was the one who told you about Alice B. Toklas,” I corrected him. (Maybe I’ll tell you more about that later.) “But edibles from a truck?”
“Yeah. Neat eh? We would be the first.”
“Yeah. And the first on every cops list. Good luck,” I admonished. “But more importantly, how is Katherine dealing with all of this?”
I haven’t told you much about Katherine yet. I’ll start from modern history. She will turn 19 and graduate—all A’s—from high school this spring and has announced that, after waitressing all summer to make money, she is going to take a gap year to travel and to “find her roots.” She has told Graham that she plans to follow all her friends to Thailand. 
She has told me that means to find her mother. And that is not in Thailand.
The old history is a bit more complicated. I’ll truncate it all into one paragraph for you. When Graham was 18 and experimenting with his sexuality, he hooked up with a young woman doing the same thing and Katherine was the result. The young woman disappeared the week after Katherine was born and, no one has heard from her since. And as far as I know, no one from our side of the family ever tried to find her—or her side tried to contact us. At any rate, Graham became a care-giving Dad at 19. More accurately, Brenda and I found ourselves in our forties raising a child, while Graham lived in our basement and grew up. Five years ago, Graham left Calgary for Lorne and work, and took 14 year old Katherine with him, but for those first 8 years, we viewed Katherine as our daughter. I should probably say ‘me’ since while Brenda fulfilled parental responsibilities; there was never a strong bond between the two. Her legal career was in high gear, and she was relieved to be free, once again, from parental responsibilities. It was different for me. Right from the start Katherine and I had some kind of unspoken bond. I won’t bore you with the stories, just that I missed her when she left and she and I have kept in contact over the years. So that is why I was curious how she was dealing with Graham’s plans. And why she had confided her real travelling purpose to me.
“You have got to move that truck now,” Brenda made a grand entrance statement. “Your Dad and I will be up in front of the condo association if you leave that thing there.”
“Hi Mom,” Graham intoned. “Nice to see you too.”
On his way out, Graham told me Katherine was fine with it all since she was traveling next fall and living in Banff all summer. 
I can hardly wait until Thanksgiving dinner.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 14: Fore!
Sunday, Aug 25,2019

That's enough of my family for now. I'll let you know how the dope truck, as I call it, works out. Funny thing though. I'm not sure that success or failure really matters much to Graham. Since birth he has always had that disposition that dredges up happiness in whatever the circumstances life throws at him. While Brenda and I often discounted his rosy perspective on life as unrealistic —"head in the sand all the time," Brenda used to always say when he explained how failing grade 12 English was actually a good thing for a prospective author. (After reading his first Potter book when he was 10 Graham decided that he was going to be a famous novelist.) He certainly hasn't achieved the material success of his brother, but he has always been more fun to be around. I have to admit that I am wee bit jealous of his (and Lorne's) passion for their outrageous plans for the truck. 
I was passionate about some things at some point in my life. But it was never for my job. I did it well and my career progressed in a socially acceptable fashion. Now that I don't have a career—and I'm over 70 —I wonder if I can ever be "passionate" about something again? I think that the research on growing old is quite consistent in identifying a causal link between some "meaning" —as many authors call it—in life and everything from happiness to health. Of course, everyone uses different terms, meaning, hobby, passion, distraction, or obsession—pick your descriptor—but in our (the 70 plus crowd) case, they all refer to an identifiable and purposeful agenda for our day. For example, writing this blog gives me an agenda at least for each Sunday morning. 
However, I believe that the "obsession" or “hobby” that you and I should avoid is anything medical. It is far too easy for us to fret and obsess over the normal contingencies of aging. Have coffee with your friends and see how soon the conversation turns to who had the latest surgery, or to the newest “Goop” health product has transformed someone's life. (Homeopathy, and how it targets seniors is another whole topic of disdain.) Which brings me back to golf. I wouldn't place it in the "passion" or "meaning of life" category—politics, family, or volunteering in the developing world hold that territory—but it can certainly meet the obsession, distraction rule.
So, the caveat once again. If you have no interest in golf after 70, or are, in fact, a serious, low handicap searching, golfer, you might want to skip the rest of today's blog. All of my golf thoughts are intended to take the seriousness out of the game and put the fun back into it. 
If you remember my last golf blog, I suggested that you focus on your swing rhythm and let the body naturally take care of the rest. That is, go online and find one of the trillion YouTube’s that show you how to hold the club (always start with a 7 iron) and then swing away—to a waltz rhythm. 123, 123, 123 and so on. Ignore people who talk about hip turns and hands in the slot and so on. Just swing. There is one on-line instructor that I do think is exceptional —Shawn Clement, a Canadian no less —and if you want to obsess a little, look at his videos. I like him because, while he can get technical, his instruction is all about letting the body do things naturally. I like that approach, since the golf swing is a basically a simple pendulum action where the ball just gets in the way of the pendulum motion. One of his best swing thoughts for me was his matching the golf swing to the act of skipping a stone across a pond. We all do that without any conscious thought about where the hands are relative to the surface of the water, and how the timing of our hip turn affects the forward motion of our hands and so on. Our body just does everything naturally. Practice the stone skipping action and then replicate for the golf swing. Easy peasy, as my granddaughter Katherine likes to say.
I also said previously that I would comment on putting, so now my final piece of golf advice is to start sidesaddle putting. I won't say too much about this in the current blog, but I advise every golfer (not just those over 70) to take up side-saddle (or face on) putting. A few years ago I started missing so many putts that my buddies quit giving me even the ‘inside the leather’ putts. I would three putt 10 times a round. Then I came across side-saddle —or face on—putting. I won't give you a lesson or a description; you can find all of that with Ms. Google. I will just say that, while I might have one 3 putt a round; I am 80% inside 6 feet and 60 % inside 10. Now the buddies give me anything inside 6 feet. Look it up and give it a try. You won't find one of these putters for sale at Golf Town. Brenda gets quite upset when a new club arrives on Canada Post, so I thought I would make my own to try this method. I've made a dozen or so now. I use two of them, and the rest are for older golfers who don't mind being laughed at on the putting green.
Send me a note (Talonlakepress@gmail.com) if you want to learn how to take one of the 26 discarded putters you have in the garage and turn them into a side-saddle putter. Anyone with a vice, a drill and some Gorilla glue can do it easily.
Another really useful tip for new golfers is to practice swinging the club with your feet together. Again, you can google all sorts of videos on that exercise, but it will help you get everything in your body working naturally in the swing—without all those horrid swing thoughts from the trillion videos you have watched that course through your brain as you stand over the ball with your friends (or even worse, your partner) on the first tee.
That's all the instruction on the swing I am going to provide. With 123, 123 and your feet together (for the practice session) everything else will simply fall in place. At least enough for you to go out and enjoy the game. Ahh! There's the rub. Enjoy the game? Let's face it. At your age (even if you aren't a newbie golfer) you are never going to look like those gals and guys on TV. How can you be so bad at the game and still enjoy it?
That brings me back to Graham.
Over the years I have played golf with both of the boys. Donald figured out —somewhere shortly after we changed his last diaper —that a game like golf would be good for some aspect of his future life. He didn’t know anything about clients and such when he first picked up a putter, but he realized at 8 years old that the driving range was a good place to ask for an increase in his allowance. He approached the game like he approached football, squash, downhill skiing and pumping iron— as something to be mastered. And he had the natural athletic talent to do just that. However, he was motivated by mastery, rather than the “thrill of the game”. While Brenda and I certainly helped him celebrate his trophies, I don’t think that I ever understood that motivation. Now in his late thirties, I finally see the smile on his face as he plays golf in every Charity Tournament in town —friend raisers not fund raisers—and uses his golf game to get new clients who believe that they can trust someone so good at the game. He agrees with Brenda that both my golf clothes and my side saddle putter are laughable. I don’t think that I have ever truly enjoyed a game of golf with Donald.
Family golf games could be the substance of a Netflix TV series —and depending upon the perspective, a drama or a sitcom. For Graham it was certainly the latter. Graham is 4 years younger than Donald so they were never in a competitive place. Good thing, since Graham didn’t have a competitive bone in his body. 
I’ll take you to a family golf game one Saturday in July, 19 years ago 
Twenty one year old Donald was home for the weekend from his summer job at a start-up Financial Services Company. Our ‘summer” home was a turn key, condo, bungalow in a gated community with its own man-made lake (for water skiing mostly) and a Country Club with an 18-hole private course and a collection of tennis courts. Brenda bought it with her first marriage divorce settlement. (Today it is “designated “55 plus” and is our permanent home.) In those days, I didn’t spend much time at the “Cottage,” (I saved my holidays for adventure trips. Maybe more on those at some future blog if anyone is interested), but Brenda lived there in the summer with the boys, practicing law by telephone and fax. Both Donald and Brenda (golfing was the first, non-sweating, sport she ever tried) were the club “champions” in their respective categories. Donald was especially proud of his reign as the long drive champion for the club. With all of my advice for you about golf you might have surmised that I was something of a star at the club. However, as I told you earlier, while I have played golf for 50 years and always tried to be my best, I didn’t get the obsession until I retired. I can still occasionally break 80 (for 18 holes, jerk) but I’m no club champion. 
The fun started as soon as Graham pulled into the club parking lot on his mid 60s Lambretta scooter, and parked beside Donald’s vintage Mercedes (a gift from some grateful client that Donald restored in my garage. Don’t know where he got the restoration money, but I’m guessing Brenda).
Oops. I’m over my 2000 words for this week. I’ll continue the story next week.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 15: Golf Gizmos and such
Sunday, Sept 1, 2019

Good morning everyone. I left you last week hanging on an anecdote about family golf. Given the emails I received I guess I’d better continue the soap opera before I go on to some other topic. (Maybe Netflix will pick it up?)
As you recall, I started the story with 17 year old Graham pulling into the Country club parking lot on a mid 60s Lambretta —that is a small Italian scooter, for those of you not informed about these kind of things. Graham had used birthday money —$25 I think he said—to buy the thing from an online swap site, then used his friend’s Honda 125XL to do the road test for his license (they would never accept the old Lambretta as a test machine), and somehow managed to get it insured and licensed. He had done nothing to the rusty beast except keep it full of the oil that the 150CC two-stroke engine expels as puffs of smoke every time he changes gears. 
“Don’t park that thing next to me,” Donald (a wise 21) ordered as he emerged from his vintage, 1962 Mercedes 190SL convertible. “It might be contagious.” (Sarcasm is as funny as Donald ever gets.)
Graham backed the scooter up so the back was facing Donald and revved the engine until it whined and farted black smoke at Donald and his car. “Don’t worry Bro,” he offered as he removed his helmet and put the machine on a side stand. “She’s had her tubes tied. Not interested in your crate at all. How is the corporate world these days?” Graham shook his shoulder length hair and gave Donald a brother hug. 
“Making the resources needed to provide the social assistance you and all your friends will need.” (Another attempt at Donald humour that missed.)
“Ha! (Graham thought it was funny) I’ll try and save you and your car when the revolution starts.”
At 17, Graham was part of a group of self-styled anarchists high school kids. They rejected all of the trappings of civilization except the ones they needed in order to be fed and be high. Marijuana was still a long way from being legal, so while pot was clearly prevalent in Graham’s crowd, they were still careful not to fall out with the law. They were all from relatively well-off families so were likely aware that the anarchy life was a phase and they shouldn’t do anything to thwart their entry into the family business. We had no family business so I wondered where Graham thought he was headed.
“Are those your golf clubs?” Donald scowled and pointed to a moldy leather bag that Graham had extracted from a large white, 8-inch diameter, tube bolted to the side panel of the scooter. The tube on the side of the machine faced backwards and gave the appearance of a rocket launcher. Graham said it gave tailgaters some pause. “What happened to the set of Pings I gave you when I got new ones?”
“Too proletarian. Sold them on Kijiji and got these beauties instead.” He pulled out one of the irons for us all to see. I recognized them as old, but in their day quite good Callaway’s (I might have had a set 25 years ago.) He took an air swing. “Great balance. Great feel.”
Graham hated golf. He recognized it as one of the requisite, twice a year family rituals and actually wasn’t a bad player. He wasn’t much of athlete though, and any type of physical competition was shunned. At school it was band (Tuba), choir (soprano, believe it or not) and Drama Club (played Antonio in The Merchant of Venice. That should have been a clue.). 
When we got to the pro shop area, Donald immediately put his clubs and Brenda’s on a cart (drive carts were compulsory on this course. No sweating for Brenda.) and left Graham and me to fend for ourselves. “Guess it’s you and me Dad. You had better drive,” he offered as he loaded and strapped in our bags.
That was my first clue that today was going to be different. From the first time I dragged him to the course at 8 years old, the only apparently pleasurable part of the whole experience, other than constantly tormenting his older brother— “Great shot Donald. Where you aiming for that tree?”—was being able to drive the golf cart. But he has grown out of Lego as well, so I just figured he had changed in his interests. I was right of course, but I just missed the interest. At least he had worn ‘course legal’ clothes that day. He once (14 years old?) came to our family outing in a male Asian skirt, arguing that this was standard male attire in Thailand and to not allow it violated the Canadian Charter of Human Rights—as well as being culturally insensitive. (A decade later he would criticize anyone who did this for cultural appropriation.) Knowing he would eventually lose the argument (after severely pissing off Brenda and Donald) he finally flamboyantly ripped off the skirt to show the Docker (almost as bad as a skirt to Donald) shorts he was wearing. Having made his point, he submissively endured the golf. This day 19 years ago he had a legal pair of shorts, shirt and hat (only golf logos allowed) but refused to wear golf shoes and instead wore a pair of Birkenstocks (remember them?). There was no rule about golf footwear. Even bare feet were allowed. Go figure.
The first hole at the Country Club was a 500-yard dogleg left (curves left for you non-golfers). Donald hit first (somehow the tee that we threw in the air to see who goes first always pointed to him)—a 240-yard smack that followed the curve of the forest that lined the fairway to the left. 
“Great shot,” Brenda exuded from her perch in the passenger seat of the golf cart.
“Unusual for you to lean to the left eh, Donald?” At 17 Graham was developing a sense of the political divides that endure to today. 
“Only when needed bro,” Donald smirked, the political allusion flowing over his head. “Your turn Dad.”
Nineteen years ago, both the technology and I were different. I could hit the ball a lot further —as far as Donald —but the driver technology was less developed. Not even the pros regularly hit drivers over 300 yards like they do today. My point is that 240 was doable for a 51 year old. I proceeded to dribble a hit off the toe on the club 150 yards to the right side of the fairway.
“You should keep your head down,” Brenda pointed out.
“Just the first hole Dad, “ Graham consoled as he moved to the tee box. “You wouldn’t have a spare ball would you?”
This was routine as well. Graham never had a ball, tees, or a glove. I threw him the ball I had ready in my pocket. “Here. This is the one you lost on the third hole last time we played.”
Without practice, Graham took an unusually relaxed swing with the ancient Callaway and hit a decent drive 210 yards straight down the middle. 
“Straight. Unusual for you,” Donald gybed as he sauntered to the cart and drove the 60 yards to the front tee (still called ladies tee 19 years ago) for Brenda to hit. 
While I had some suspicions, Graham had not yet “come out” to me and Brenda, so I presumed Donald’s comment was only about golf. In hindsight, I realize that both Donald and Graham knew differently. But I digress as usual. By now you are wondering when the discussion about Golf Gizmos is coming. 
“Want a bite?” As we waited for Brenda to hit her drive, Graham offered me a home -made brownie unwrapped from a wax paper package. 
“Sure,” I smiled as I reached for the inch square hunk of chocolate. I still have a sweet tooth today.
“It will help your golf game today Dad,” Graham offered with a sly smile.
My hand paused in midair over the brownie as my slow, naive brain put things together: the slow relaxed swing, the slow way Graham approached the first tee, the smile. John Prine was one of my favorite ‘folk’ singers, and he had a song that went something like; “If you see me today with a smile on my face, it won’t mean anything it won’t be out of place…” Graham had that sort of smile on his face. 
“You’re stoned,” I whispered, although Brenda and Donald were 60 yards away.
“Mellow Dad.” That smile again. “Mellow.”
“I know what mellow is Graham,” I whisper yelled. “From what generation do you think that term came from?”
In fact, I was familiar with both the toke and the brownie (we called them Alice B. Toklas fudge in my university days), but that isn’t something you actually talk to your children (or Grandchildren today) about. I hadn’t imbibed (or smoked) for over 40 years but I do remember the effect. There has been more written (and studied) today now that marijuana is legal, but in those days, all we knew was that people reacted differently. I remember one friend that went paranoid after a toke, and another that simply fell asleep. Me? I just got that John Prine smile that I saw on Graham’s face. And the world simply slowed down.
“If I take that now it won’t take effect for an hour or so,” I lectured. “How do you think it will help my golf game?”
“You are too uptight Dad. Take it and compare your front nine to your back nine?”
I still hesitated.
“You guys coming?” Brenda yelled after hitting her usual drive straight down the middle of the fairway.
I reached over and took the brownie and ate it in one bite. “Alright!” Graham put his hand up for a high five. I smiled, (not John Prine yet), high fived and floored the cart and headed to my weak drive.
I’m out of words. Next week I’ll skip the front nine and take you to the back nine and the exploration of how Alice B.Toklas Brownies compare to my basement full of golf gadgets and gizmos in improving your golf score.
Have a good week.
See you next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 16: Alice B. Toklas golf
Sunday, Sept 8, 2019

Good morning all. I thought that the debate over the legalization of marijuana in Canada was over, but it appears from your responses to my last blog that there are still some strong opinions out there. Thanks for the feedback. For those of you who don’t know Alice B. Toklas, a quick trip to Wikipedia will help with the definition, but the only biographic detail relevant to today’s story is that she wrote a cookbook and in it, included a recipe for “Hashish Fudge.” She died in my first year at University (1967) and most everything else about her fascinating life has been archived, but to the toking boomer, the Alice B Toklas Brownie endured. Keeping in mind that while grass was quite illegal in 1967, no one felt at all worried about carrying a few brownies with your PBJ lunch sandwich (Surely you know what that is?). You couldn’t smell it on your breath and it didn’t fill your 61 Volkswagen van full of smoke.
However, back to the story I started a few weeks ago week. If you remember, it finished with me eating a brownie that Graham assured me would help my golf game. It needed to. My front nine was awful. I won’t bore you with the details, but I wasn’t anywhere close to my usual 40 strokes for nine holes. Graham was awful too, but he didn’t seem to care. We took a short break after the front nine. I was unusually hungry so I got a bag of potato chips, some peanuts, two muffins and a piece of double cheese pizza to take in the cart.
“Missed breakfast,” I admonished Brenda in response to the glare she gave me. “Having a low glycemic moment.”
“You don’t have to yell. You don’t even know what that is.”
“Sorry,” I giggled.
For the back nine I watched from above as someone else swung my golf clubs. As they took their swing, I could telepathically tell them what they should correct. Hold the club lightly—like a ripe banana. Take the club away a little outside. Pause at the top. Sling the club head at the hole, not the ball. Hold the finish with your belt buckle aiming at the direction you want to go. Laugh after every shot. And suddenly it was easy for that guy to do the hardest thing in golf—swing slowly and smoothly. Remember 123,123, 123?
This person I watched shot the best 9 holes they had ever done. If he hadn’t been giggling so much when putting on the 18th hole he would have scored a 36—that’s called par for the non- golfers. That is what club champions aim for.
There were other memorable moments of that round of golf. 
The course Marshal, concerned, stopped Graham and me that there was something wrong with our cart because we were going so slowly. I had thought we were going so fast that the cart was going to tip over.
The 14th hole is a 160-yard par 3 with nothing but water between the tee box and the green. As Brenda (at 43 she was still in her athletic and competitive prime) was about to hit the $6 Titleist pro 90 ball (No found balls for Brenda.), I yelled from my languorous perch on the golf cart, “Hope that’s an old ball?” Brenda glared. Donald buried his face in his hands. And Graham joined me in a fit of laughter. And then another even riotous fit when she hit the Pro 90 into the middle of the pond.
I don’t remember anything between the 18th hole and the car, because I fell asleep in the cart. And I remember that for some reason it was Donald who drove me home that day, while Brenda took his Mercedes.
I tell you this old story now because there were a few lessons I learned that day that are relevant to several of the themes of being over 70 years of age.
First on Alice B. Toklas. At my age I am having trouble thinking what is wrong with uncontrollable laughter and a deep sleep? Alice B. herself said that her fudge would result in “hysterical fits of laughter and wild floods of thought on many different planes.” I do have a few cautions if you do venture into happy land. Not everyone reacts to this stuff the same way, so if it is your first time, do it with a friend (One that likes to laugh!) The stuff today is apparently stronger than the stuff we cooked with in 1968 and even stronger than Graham’s concoction many years ago. Start small and work up? On the golf course that day, I did not have to eat a third brownie, just wait for the first two to go to work. That is the third thing. Unlike smoking the stuff, eating it takes a while to work. Thus, my rotten front nine and relaxed back nine.
That brings us back to golf. I’m not suggesting that every 70 year-old golfer carry Alice B. Brownies in their golf bag. Golf is a slow enough game, and us old folks have enough of a reputation of being unduly hesitant, to suggest that a legion of golf carts going 3 mph on your local golf course is a good thing. For me though, my experience that day proved two things about golf. (And yes, I have replicated the experience on occasion. Please don’t tell Brenda.) The first is that all those golf gizmos I have in the basement are practically worthless. If you are a golfer you know what I mean. I am amazed that despite the fact that this is a 150-year-old game, every year someone comes up with a new gizmo (or club) to cure your swing. There is even an annual Las Vegas “show” where people flog their golf gadgets and gizmos. Here is a list of the ones that I had in my basement 19 years ago (They are still there. Make me an offer.):
Special sunglasses that could see lost balls (or find other peoples). 
A shirt/straightjacket to keep your body and arms connected.
A gyro that attaches to my club and screeches when I swing properly. 
A weed whacker driver so I can practice my swing while I slash lawn weeds.
A visor with a laser in it to keep your head still over the ball. (Don’t aim it at airplanes).
A diamond encrusted wedge. (To add spin. I know. I should be buying Brenda diamonds, not my golf game). 
Numerous clubs that break in parts if you don’t swing properly (I had some friends who did not need help breaking clubs). 
And so on. You get the idea. Like all golfers I was a sucker for any infomercial that would guarantee 5 strokes of my game. I even had a pair of golf shoes where the sole was half an inch higher on the outside than the inside in order to help keep weight on the inside when you backswing. I won’t describe how funny that looked when I walked. And who can leave out the famous Potty Putter? 
My point is that 19 years ago I (re)discovered the best golf gizmo of all time. And no, it is not ‘maryjane,’ although the brownies helped me discover it. 
It is your head.
Of course, that is not the only thing I learned that day.
In hindsight, that day might have been the turning point in a myriad of aspects of my family relationships. Brenda and I played golf far less frequently after that day, she preferring her friends (or perhaps Donald) to me. It might be because I quit taking the game seriously after that day, taking liberty with lies, and drops and foot wedges—and telling anyone who asked what my handicap was, that it was my superior intellect. I never played in a serious club event after that day, since they would probably have asked for a pee test. 
I started to see Graham from a different perspective. He was certainly growing up. But more than that, it was the character I saw as he dealt with both the humour and the pathos of a father not totally in control. Even today, I sense he has endured things I don’t know about, that have shaped a sanguine character. For example, at the time we didn’t know of the discomfort (right word? Agony? Struggle?) he was feeling as a hormonal teenager discovering who he was. Twenty years ago there were not LGBTQ clubs to hang out in, and find comfort in the understanding of friends. As I watch him and Lorne this week, and their apparent comfort with each other and society’s acceptance of them, I realize how difficult it must have been for him in those days—yet how much in control he seemed to be. 
And I haven’t even told you about Katherine yet. She wasn’t to arrive on the scene until a year after this game.
That’s all for this week.
Maybe I should return to something less controversial next week. Pickleball again??
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 17: The “Revolution” starts…
Sunday, Sept 15,2019

This was an eventful week for one of the three couples that Brenda and I play bridge with once a month. I think I mentioned them in a previous blog—the one where I was ranting about old folk obsession with their latest surgery (or worse their latest “natural” cure for old age). We have known Gordie and Karen (I’ve changed the names to protect the innocent) since we moved to Calgary from Toronto 30 years ago. Karen worked in Human Resources for a local university, and Gordie was a Project Manager for a large construction company. Like Brenda and me, Karen was a few years younger than Gordie and like us they had both been retired for the past few years. One daughter works in Vancouver and another in Montreal. The Vancouver one is married, though apparently not happily. (How do I remember all of this from side bar bridge banter? I think there is a grandson as well, but that is expecting too much for my bridge recall.)
At any rate, Gordie came home from the golf course late afternoon on Wednesday and Karen was gone. I mean, not gone to Costco, not gone to pickleball, not gone to yoga, —but really gone. Like, gone with her favorite pieces of jewelry, a selection of clothes, some framed photos of the girls that were hung up in various places in the house (any photo with Gordie in it was apparently left hanging), her MacBook Air and a newly purchased (on Gordie’s card he complained about to us later) iPhone 11 pro. Of course, I get all of this second hand since Ruth, Mary and Brenda burned up their own iPhones with their chatter that night.
“Karen was the last person we thought would do this,” Brenda shared with me the Thursday morning between her tweets and the gurgling of the smoothie maker. “She never told anyone of us what she was going to do.”
“What actually did she do?” I cracked the top of a perfectly cooked, soft boiled egg. I like them with the yolk cooked, but still runny. Four minutes in Calgary. Three minutes in Toronto. And I always open them from the narrow end of the egg, like my Grandmother taught me. It was an Irish thing I guess.
“Gordie called Mary and told her that there was no note or any kind of message from Karen.”
“How did he know that she had flown the coop?” My small spoon fit perfectly into the egg and a small dribble of yellow yolk ran down the side of the shell as I mixed in a pea sized dollop of butter and gathered the first mouthful.
Brenda looked at the egg and grimaced. “A brown envelope full of documents from Isabel Dukakis was his first hint.”
“The divorce lawyer? Your partner way back?” Brenda worked for Dukakis before going to the government. Just the mention of her firm sends shivers down the spine of the male population of the nation. 
“Yup. I gather that the documents were divorce papers all ready to sign. A settlement proposed. Gordie just had to sign. She had everything worked out. Equal division of assets. They keep their own pensions. She just wants cash. He keeps the house, all the furniture and collected stuff — and the Canmore condo.” 
“She must have been working on this for months.” I cut my toast into thin strips that I can dip into the second, top cracked, egg.
“Likely years,” she twirled her smoothie in her glass. “Looks like she didn’t take anything that couldn’t fit in a suitcase and a carry on —or be electronically transferred to bank somewhere.”
“Why did he call Mary?”
Brenda gave me one of those ‘above your reading glasses’ look that makes me feel like an idiot.
“Really?” 
She nodded.
“Was there another man?”
Another one of those looks.
“Ok. I give. The mailman?”
“They don’t have a mailman in their condo community.”
“Right. The Milkman?”
“What decade are you from?” She laughed.
“Pool boy?” 
“Sexist,” she admonished. “Equal number of girls clean pools today you know. No. Apparently a boyfriend from University that had found her on Facebook messenger.”
“Ah! A digital pool boy. How modern. At least it wasn’t some guy from Burkina Faso that she has never met —other than through Messenger.”
“Where is she now?”
“According to Gordie’s ‘find your phone’ app she is in Goa.”
“India?” I was astonished. According to Gordie, Karen didn’t even like to travel to Edmonton.
“Right. India.”
“How is Gordie doing?”
“Ruth says that Mary is comforting him.”
We both looked at each other and broke out laughing again. 
“I can hardly wait until our next bridge night.” More laughter.
“What about Burt and Ruth? Was that a ‘ménage a quatre?’” I suggested.
“Stop that,” Brenda admonished through a forced frown. “This is serious business.”
“Ok. Ok. But the permutations of the relationships are boggling—and entertaining.” I fake frowned. “How come I am always the last to know about all of this?”
Brenda paused as she thoughtfully took a slurp of her green fruit and veggie Slurpee. “You just don’t pay attention to these sorts of things I guess. What exactly do you pay attention to these days?”
It was my turn to pause. Brenda was off to one of either a yoga, a spin class, a bridge class, a book club, or more often these days, pickleball lessons—I could never keep track of which. My day had no such exciting plans. Earlier this week I made a resolution to start working my way through all of the ten Giller award finalists, despite the fact that historically I have found few of the novel winners that I actually liked (enjoyed?), and more than one that I couldn’t finish. So, I will order one or two for my kindle, (Brenda and her club will only read books in old fashioned paper format) and after I do the shopping, and clean our 2.5 toilets I’ll give one a try. I’ll also keep at the futile juggling attempt. I can only practice that when Brenda is away. You can guess what she thinks of an old man throwing three small coloured beanbags into the air while watching them thud one by one onto the hardwood floor.
“Still,” I offered.” There must be some reasons why Karen just got up yesterday and decided to disappear? As you said, this must have been coming on for some time?”
“Of course,” Brenda admonished. “I would guess that it had been ‘coming on’, as you say, for decades, not days. Karen just chose the timing.”
“If so, why was it such a surprise to Gordie?”
“I suspect that in hindsight, maybe after the scotch wears off and man vision clears, he will be able to piece together the signs from those decades.”
Brenda picked up her gym bag —right, pickleball lessons this morning—took a last slug of the Slurpee and headed to the back door leading to the garage. “Maybe I’ll learn more today. See you at lunch?”
I threw her a kiss. “I’m not going anywhere. Have a good one.”
I spooned the top off my second soft-boiled egg and resisted turning on the TV and the news channel. The absurdity of politics is tantalizing escapism these days. Unlike, some of our friends I refused to add FOX to our cable channels, so I have retained some sense of sanity. And I am trying my best to ignore the Canadian slugfests. Instead, my mind wandered to Gordie and Karen. I have to admit that I smiled as I thought of Karen, lolling on a Goa beach between Biryani lunches. I didn’t know who the other guy was so I couldn’t envision any couple (coupling?) activity, but I could get a very close up vision in my mind of her smile—maybe a grin? Perhaps the smile came to me because Brenda was right. I really don’t remember Karen smiling much in all of the times we socialized with them. One of those signs ‘in hindsight’ I guess. But the worst part was that I was mildly envious of Karen. Not the fact that she was in Goa on a beach. We could do that whenever we wanted. But who doesn’t actually wonder sometime about reducing your life to a suitcase and a carry on—especially one full of cash? At our age we can be far too burdened down by our possessions. At almost 70 years of age, this person turned her life in a total new direction. On a totally new path. And did it — given the detailed planning— with the full understanding of the other consequences in her life. I’m thinking here of children torn between parents. And now I started to wonder if I was slightly envious of Karen’s perspicacity. I wonder what the other ladies in her social group are feeling?
I chatted about the ‘Grey Divorce Revolution’ in a previous blog. My thought at that time was simply that ‘shit happens’, so to speak. Now, with the real life anecdote of Karen and Gordie, my thoughts wandered to a consideration of the marriage ‘tipping’ point’ (thanks Malcolm Gladwell). That is, every marriage (old folks and young) has stresses and challenges —Brenda and me included. What causes these challenges to accumulate to the “revolution” side of the balance scale? What even populates the opposing sides of the scale for 70-year-old couples?
Siri, of course, has all of the answers. You can go look up all the litany of causes of “late stage” divorce if you want, and with further analysis it was clear that Karen and Gordie represented a classic model of symptoms and causes.
But I’ve gone over my word limit for today, so it will have to wait for a future blog for my speculation on the causes —and solutions— to the “Grey Revolution.”
In the meantime, you men out there go clean a toilet.
Have a great week.
Cheer’s
Chuck
Index



Blog 18: Avoiding the Revolution
Sunday, Sept 22, 2019
Good morning again, friends. Well, some of you are friends I think. I have received a collection of notes from readers reminding me that my thoughts are supposed to be of assistance to the 70 plus folks and all this chat about pickleball and golf and other physical activities are not relevant to most 70 year olds who are not capable of the mobility that these activities require. And many of you have described in detail your physical ailments that limit the range of your daily activities. So, let me say it again. At this stage in my schedule of aging, I am interested in exploring that “sweet spot” on that spectrum where I am certainly getting older (takes me several moments in the morning to actually walk normally, and so on), but I am not preoccupied with the limiting aspects of this stage of life, but the possibilities it offers. This “sweet spot” is the time of life between being free of work and children responsibilities and some sort of debilitating and life limiting physical (or mental) condition. Statistics tell us that for a developed country like Canada that age is most likely the 70s. (And no, the 70s are not the new 50s). Thus, my blog is about the 70s. A place where I have found myself floundering. Of course, as I have been reminded, some of you are in “retirement residences”—and if I was to believe the ads I keep seeing on the CBC News Channel (guess what demographic watches CBC news?) you spend your day between your pottery and painting class, the woodworking shop, a sauna, and a golf simulator before you head out to the dining room for a glass of Cabernet with friends. No such worries for you guys. Sigh. 
Which brings us back to Karen and her decision to take advantage of ‘freedom 70’ to leave everything from her life behind and start a new adventure. Brave? Stupid? Foolish? You will all have your own opinion on this, but time will only tell. I’ll report back to you whatever I learn about her from the ‘bridge telegraph.’ For now, I did turn to SIRI to see what the “literature’ says about the reasons and solutions to the Grey Revolution. For fun I printed out the list and before Brenda went to Pilates on Thursday morning we tried to figure out which of these things applied to Karen. And as an added twist and for fun, I suggested we give our relationship a score —0 to 10; 0 being the item does not apply at all, to 10 we are I deep shit. This was going to be fun.
Here’s the list I came up with. Maybe you can make your own.
Empty nest Syndrome or, ‘We would have divorced earlier but neither of us wanted the kids.’
“Karen’s girls had been gone for 15 years,” I offered. “So, the sudden freedom from babysitting wouldn’t have been a big thing in her decision to leave.”
“Sure. Unless she started planning this 15 years ago?” Brenda conjectured. “She was totally dedicated to those girls. I know that she felt a hole in her life after the last one left home. Or more importantly, when they quit calling her every day.”
“OK. I’ll buy that. A 6?”
“A 5 anyhow. But 6 is fine,” she agreed and wrote 6 next to this item.
‘No job’ syndrome or ‘what is my next appointment?’
“The research says that this is a big one for people who dedicated their life to their work, and then after retirement had no one to boss around,” I offered.
“This might have been Gordie’s problem, but Karen told me she was really glad to retire. She told us (the bridge gang) that there were harassment problems she had to deal with.”
“And I know that Gordie missed work,” I explained. “He was force retired when the two construction companies merged. It was tough for him to go from the corner office to the den office in their condo.”
“Another 6?” Brenda suggested.
“OK. It isn’t an obvious problem for them, but a possible one. Next?”
Pace of personal change, or what happened to the hippy I married?
“A big one,” I suggested.
“Why?” 
“Even the golf guys often had difficulty with Gordie’s reactionary views,” I exclaimed. “He was always on the right side of the spectrum, but over the last decade he went alt right.”
“I remember that,” Brenda mused. “He went ballistic when the NDP won the election in ’16.”
“That’s the surface of it. When Trump was running he tried to wear one of those red hats on the golf course. We made a joke of it and Burt threw it in the pond on the fourth hole, but he was serious.”
“It would have been difficult for Karen to live with that. I read somewhere that political differences like this are leading to all sorts of divorces in the U.S. An 8?”
“Agreed.”
Sustained Marriages are contingent on one spouse happiness, or a ‘happy wife a happy life.’
“I think this one means that if at least one partner is happy then there is increased likelihood the marriage will last. Apparently if they are both happy then they can suck up —or ignore—all sorts of bad things.”
“Makes sense,” Brenda offered. “No sense -no feeling kind of thing.”
“I guess. But the interesting part of that research was that apparently the wife’s happiness is a far better predictor of a lasting marriage than the husband.”
“As I said, no sense-no feeling.”
“OK, Ok. But did Karen ever express unhappiness?”
“Did Gordie?”
“Nothing out of the normal bumps and grinds of marriage?”
“Same with Karen. She was pretty quiet about her marriage.”
“But we must assume that she was some pissed off to pull this off?”
“Agreed. But I don’t think just being pissed off in your marriage on occasion is enough.”
“Let’s all it a contributory 4?”
“OK. Next. I gotta go soon.”
Alcohol? Marijuana? Addiction? Lifestyle?
“I can see why this would be a big issue in some relationships,” Benda offered. “Especially with seniors. If one is drunk all the time it would be tough to live with them.”
“Agreed. But what about more subtle lifestyle or addiction issues? Facebook addiction? Homeopathic obsession?”
“Are you getting personal now?” she asked defensively. “I thought this was about Karen and Gordie.”
“Sure. But we did agree we would give our own relationship some scores,” I reminded her. “I’m just saying that while I know that Gordie liked his bourbon (what Canadian drinks bourbon?), I don’t think that he abused the stuff.”
Brenda paused and sipped her coffee. “Karen was very supportive of the legalization of Marijuana. Think there might be something there?”
“I know that Gordie was strongly opposed. Maybe. Give this another 4?”
“Agreed.”
Age at different speeds, or “Grab your walker Dear and let’s go play pickleball.”
“This one must be very common in older people. Everyone ages differently and everyone has unique medical challenges, but I don’t see it necessarily leading to divorce,” Brenda offered. “If this was the case no couple would make it past their 60s.”
“Unless one partner isn’t willing to give up things to take care of the other partner.”
“Ok. This could certainly be another one of those contributory factors, but I don’t see it as an issue for Karen and Gordie. They were both in decent health and mobility.”
“But she was 8 years younger than him. Maybe she was just thinking of him at 75 and her at 67? How about sex?”
”What do you mean?” she asked, in surprisingly defensive tone.
“The research suggested that men’s sex drive —and capabilities— usually dissolve before women’s do. The blue pill has apparently helped out, but this is one difference in gender aging that contributes to the Grey Revolution.”
“The what?”
“Never mind. What about Karen and Gordie?”
Another pause. “Maybe. A 6? Next.”
“This is the last one I have. There are probably others, but this is enough for today.”
A Last grab at happiness, or ‘Love the one you’re with…
“Ahh. The pool boy syndrome.” Brenda forced a laugh.
“Or pool girl? We live in an age of equity my dear.”
Brenda laughed again. “You at least learn quickly. But more men leave their wives for the 20 year old bimbo than women leave their husbands for the ‘pool boy.’”
“Are you sure about that in 2019?” I pressed her. “That was probably the case in 1965 when women were barefoot in the kitchen while men were out there in the midst of all sorts of tempting distractions. Today women are ‘out there’ as much as men. They smoke and drink as much as men. Why wouldn’t they fool around as much as men? Besides, if a man is messing around, there has to be a woman (usually!) to involve as well?”
“Maybe,” she forced a laugh. “You never know these days. But let’s get back to seniors, and Gordie and Karen. She hooked up with an old boyfriend on Facebook.”
“Facebook and that old flame just provided a convenient vehicle for her to leave,” I surmised. “Facebook is safer than a dating site, and if not him she would have found someone else.”
“Agree. The availability of temptation is big contributor, but not the cause for them. I would rate the ‘affair’ as at least a 9 for them. I’ve got to go or I’ll be later for class.”
“Fair enough,” I handed her a pen. “But put down your score for us on each of these items. I’ll do the same and we can chat about them over a Merlot tonight? Should be fun? Maybe even helpful?”
Brenda took the pen and quickly wrote down a score for each of the items and handed me the paper. She came around to my side of the kitchen counter and gave me a peck on the cheek. “An Amarone would be best.”
I have to admit that even if they are just sparks and not fires, I can recognize some of these things in our relationship (What couple wouldn’t?). I was more curious about what the researchers say are the ways to squirt out the sparks of revolution before they become an inferno. On that the list is much less definitive.
Separate holiday time for each other to replace the work time apart. Makes sense. Even the most loving couple will can spend too much time together. That isn’t a problem for us. Brenda is gone pretty much 9 to 5 every day. 
Eat meals…cook Together? I’m not sure about this one. From my limited experience every kitchen needs an ‘alpha’ and trouble often arises when “alphas’ collide. Eating out works well. And in our case we do have most meals together, even if I do the cooking. 
Affection…even sex? This is likely the most uncomfortable of the “grey revolution” solutions. Why can’t a couple married —and coupling— for decades find it difficult to openly discuss their preferences for old person sex? But the bigger issue here is the need for regular sex to slowly morph into affection. If a couple had a life history of sex as the only moments of intimacy, in their 70s they may have trouble replacing sex with simple acts affection. That quick peck on the cheek this morning means more to me today than…? 
Work at arguing properly. I guess there is a positive way to piss off your partner when discussing contemporary social issues where there is disagreement. I’ve never found it. When these issues are prompted by CBC news, my advice to old folks is to nod your head and agree. 
Find passions to share. I’m not sure if this is such a great solution. Old folks can certainly share the passions for family. There is usually little divergence of interest here. You could try literate things like movies, books and music. But 70-year-old men and women have spent a lifetime honing divergent tastes. They are not likely to converge in old age. Telling Brenda that I prefer Le Carre —or God forbid, even a Lee Child—to Atwood, is never a good start to a cultural discussion. Politics can certainly work if you are on the same page. In our case a common loathing of Kenny politics has almost saved our marriage. Travel works as well also. How can you argue about a week on the Amalfi coast? And like us, you could try and find a common sport to play. We met a couple in Portugal who share a passion for croquet. You already know my views on old couples playing golf together. We enjoy our three afternoon a week Pickleball adventures. 
But finding shared passions is a risky agenda.
Change your living arrangements. Find a new place to restart life. This one reminds me of the Goop recommendations to do a monthly purge. It is as if erasing everything about old environments and replacing them with new environments will erase at the same time all of the reasons you need to try this strategy to save your relationship in the first place. I suspect that it would work for a while as couples are distracted by the newness and challenges of a new environment. Karen chose this solution in the extreme. I guess, moving into a retirement home would be an example as well. But all of this ignores the comforting aspects of a familiar life setting.
I’d better shut up. I’m the last person to offer insights into peoples’ relationships. I’m just an IT guy remember. You can have your own chat with Ms. Google.
Last Thursday morning, I glanced at her sheet as the door closed behind her. There was a 10 beside the last item.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 19: Thump, Thump. Where am I?
Sunday, September 29,2019
It seems that my blog a few weeks ago on Alice B. Toklas hit a few nerves. Yes, in hindsight it was quite irresponsible to take dope with my 16-year-old son. And yes, I was terribly rude to Brenda. (And I did pay for that, and I did apologize —when I woke up.) And yes, drugs are a terrible problem in our society and I shouldn’t promote them. Of course, I now also realize there are more old folks (boomers?) out there who either remember fondly some Maryjane days gone by, or are, in fact, taking advantage of the new legal regime to try it again (or for the first time.) While I remain skeptical of the health benefits —other than the healing effects of some good laughter, I do appreciate the numerous medical rationales you have used to take you to the pot dispensary. Arthritis? Sleep aid? Hunger booster? Depression salve? Whatever works go for it. I don’t think that at our age we have to worry that the occasional “brownie” will slip us into the depths of drug addiction. 
Might even be the best golf aid gizmo you ever bought? (I can hardly wait for the first Adfomerical for a Golf purposed leaf on the Golf Channel.)
But enough of dope and golf—or dopes and golf. A reader asked me how my juggling was going? Not well. Now I know why there were severe limitations on my rising through the athletic ranks of every sport I tried. I have practiced (When no one is looking. An old man trying to juggle is as eye popping as an old man trying to do that dirty dog on a yoga mat.). Without getting into the instruction on this sport, you practice the toss from one side, and when you have a three-ball throw sequence perfected, then change hands and perfect it from the other side. And when you have both sides smooth, put them together into the juggle. I look great (in the mirror) starting the toss from my right hand but for the life of me can’t get it from my left hand. Consequently, I am a long way from the Cirque du Soleil or busking at the local market. I’ll report back my progress later. 
Today, a report on a different adventure. 
Have you ever woken up from a dream and not recognized and known where you were? I was always a poor sleeper when I worked, and while Brenda could tell herself before she went to bed that she would wake up at 6:30—and she would—I needed the alarm clock. I remember often being buzz-shocked out of one of those particularly realistic ‘morning dreams’ and being momentarily convinced that I was in a hotel room in Paris, or a tent in a Northern Ontario campsite, or my childhood bedroom in Mississauga. (Other than Great Grandma Profiterole I haven’t told you much about my family history. Maybe some other time if it is relevant to a chat.) On Friday morning (I only know this because a weird nurse told me it was Friday and I surmised it was last Friday) I woke up thinking I was still dreaming because I was in a hospital room. Actually, I wasn’t even sure I was in a room since all I could see was the green curtain surrounding my bed. And most of that view was blocked by Asha and Robert. I glanced at their nametags and I was reassured that whatever brought me there, I could still read.
“Good morning Charles,” Asha gently offered. “Do you know where you are?”
“Who is Charles?” I grimaced through a serious headache. I never get headaches. “ I hope you aren’t planning on amputating Charles’ leg?”
Asha looked at Robert who cradled a padded iPad across his chest.
“You live at 20 Dreamscape Crescent? Married to Brenda?” he sheepishly asked.
“Former yes. Latter not sure,” I quipped. “I’m just messing with you. I as born Charles, but I’ll die as Chuck.”
“Ah,” Asha forced a smile. “A sense of humour. A good sign.”
“Right. So, I guess from the smell I am in a hospital. And from your haute couture you are a doctor,” I offered. “And he is your butler?” I nodded to Robert. “
“Intern,” Robert interjected with some frost. “I’m an intern.”
“Right,” Asha interrupted my next response. “So, you know where you are, you know your name —maybe— and you still have a sense of humour —I think.”
“What did you give me?” I nodded at the wires coming from my head and the intravenous tubes. “I never had a sense of humour before I came here.”
“Do you remember what happened?”
I thought carefully about the answer. The last thing I remember was a conversation Brenda and I had over lunch about a couple we played bridge with. But I can’t remember their names. And I couldn’t remember the conversation. (It is Sunday morning as I write this and everybody has of course, filled me in on all of the details, but at that moment I did not remember much.) I wasn’t sure it was the best strategy to tell medical people I had lost my mind. Jack Nicholson and ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest’ came to mind. It flashed though my cerebellum that Donald would attest to my insanity.
“Heart attack.” I figured that it was a 50-50 chance that a man of my age would end up in emergency because of a heart attack.
Asha and Robert glanced at each other. Robert tapped something into the iPad.
“Do you have any pain? Be serious now Chuck,” she admonished. 
“Searing headache.”
She pulled a sharp needle thing from her lab coat pocket. “Can I do some tests?”
“Depends upon where you intend to shove that thing?”
She ignored me and pulled the sheet from the bottom of the bed and uncovered my legs.
“Tell me if you feel anything.” She proceeded to jab the sharp thing into various parts of my body. She ignored the one part of my body that has had become increasingly less sensitive over the past few years, and pronounced, “Everything seems to be working.” 
“I’m relieved,” I closed my eyes to try and relieve the pain between my ears. “What does the poking thing have to do with a heart attack?”
“You didn’t have a heart attack …Chuck,” Robert offered. “You had a bang on your head. Knocked you out. We were assessing the extent of brain injury.” 
“We’re done here,” Asha announced before I could give a retort. “Your wife —Brenda. Remember her? —will fill you in. I’ll tell her she can come in now. Take up Chess Chuck.”
And then she and Robert were gone. I still couldn’t remember how I got knocked out. Even in her worst fits of anger (more likely frustration) Brenda would never hit me—I think. And besides, if she had done that, they wouldn’t let her in to see me now. Slipped in the shower or tub? That is the most common place for senior injury. Hit on the head by an errant golf ball? Wishful thinking. It has been a cold wet, Calgary fall. Ah. That’s it. Slipped on the ice. They never clean the sidewalk in front of our condo soon enough. No. Even in Calgary there is no ice in a Calgary September. Home invasion? Seniors always have to be aware of that danger. But if that were the case, the police would be the next visit. My eyes were so pressed closed, I was not aware of Brenda’s arrival.
“Hey guy,” she probed as she gently squeezed my hand. “How are you doing?”
“Hey yourself,” I opening my eyes and returned the squeeze. “Ok, I guess. Hell of a headache. Did you have to use a golf club? You could have hit me with a nerf bat or something.”
“Ha, ha. I suppose you will be telling everyone that this was my fault.”
“I’ll let you know when you tell me what ‘this’ is. What happened?”
“You don’t remember?”
“The last thing I remember is cracking open the top of my four-minute egg. (Not totally true, but acceptable for this purpose.) Did the chicken get even?”
“You don’t remember going to Pickleball?”
I paused, hoping that something would come back. “No.” 
“Wednesday—yesterday—was our couples pickleball. We go after I get home from Yoga and have lunch. You made a tuna melt.”
“I got put in the hospital by a whiffle ball?”
“Ha. Not exactly.”
She then described in some detail what happened. I won’t bore you with all the details she recounted. But before I fill you in on how I ended up in a hospital bed with Asha poking my feet, let’s go back to the pickleball lessons I gave you a while ago. By now if you are at all interested in the game you have now spent endless hours on the endless YouTube sites where some old person pontificates on the delicacies of the game. (Hmmm. Like me?) And you know that the third shot is often a lob shot soaring over the head of you and your partner as you stand at the edge of the ‘kitchen’ (remember that one ladies?). With visions of Shapovalov chasing a Federer lob to the back of the court, and making a ‘between the legs’ return, you will then run backwards as the ball whiffles over your head. Wrong. What you are supposed to do is let your partner run diagonally and get that lob, while you take their place on the other side of the court. Of course, that is not instinctive—or in the repertoire of the aggressive, dominating, (usually, but not always) male partner.
Back to our game that afternoon as recounted to me by Brenda. Brenda and I play(ed) the game well together and enjoy(ed) our three times a week sessions at the local community centre gym. Most of the other players are older couples like us, and the aggression and competitiveness are mostly kept to a minimum. But playing pickleball with your partner is like playing bridge (or euchre?) with your partner—it exposes the submerged testy —sometimes-embarrassing—parts of your relationship. For the most part Brenda and I are patient and considerate of each other in life, and when we have a disagreement we are equally unabusive. Not so with Lawrence and Maureen. Even though Maureen is a much more refined —and effective—pickleball player, Lawrence (never call him Larry) was a hotshot squash player before he blew out his knee. He has never played anything doubles so does not have a concept of playing ‘together’…or sharing the burden for a missed point. In Lawrence’s case, every lost point is Maureen’s fault and he announces to everyone within earshot the error of her ways. None of the other couples wants to play them, but when we do we always give her easier shots to return (although she doesn’t really need the help) and always make the best effort to return his shots. 
I think you are figuring out it out by now. Lawrence hit a third shot lob over my head.
“You had that ‘man’ look on your face as you backed up,” Brenda recounted. “I could tell there was no way you were going to let me get that lob. You were going to get that ball and hit it back —from where? —between your legs?—directly at his solar plexus? Smart Chuck. Smart.”
“Did I get the shot?” 
And then I woke up in the hospital with only a selective memory since my eggcup that morning.
I have remembered enough to chat with all of you though?
Have a great week.
Chat next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 20: A Case of Selective Memory
Sunday, October 6, 2019
Good Sunday morning folks. I sort of left everyone in the air with my last blog. And I do appreciate all of the kind notes of condolence that I received. I even appreciate the suggestions of various and weird solutions to my memory, but I think I will avoid estrogen supplements for now. And for those regular readers who constantly tell me to just go die, I reassure you that I will.
At any rate, I felt I should give you an update on my circumstances. It has now been almost two weeks since my last —and my very last—pickleball game. With Brenda’s concurrence we have decided that pickleball will now go the way of squash, hockey and ski jumping (Ok. I never did that one, so it was easy to give up). The prognosis was a concussion (loss of memory, loss of consciousness, headache, nausea and so on—not a hard diagnosis) and despite the fact that hockey and football players apparently thrive through multiple concussions, a neurologist at the hospital warned us that another crack like that could seriously (further?) deteriorate my brain. So, you will all be relieved that you have heard the last from me about pickleball, although no such luck on the topic of senior golf. I’ve only gotten started there. 
But back to my brain. My memory has largely returned, although it took a week or so before most things cleared up. There are gaps, and at the current time I am having some short recall issues. But I’m on the mend, so that isn’t what I want to talk about today. I haven’t told Brenda that I have remembered some things before we left for pickleball that fateful Wednesday. I remember her coming home from her yoga class that day and we ate the Tuna melts that I made us for lunch. We were on our usual perches on opposite sides of the kitchen island. 
“What kind of cheese is this? It’s good?” She mumbled though a mouthful of ciabatta bun, tuna, green onion and cheese.
“A Welsh aged cheddar,” I offered as I wiped a piece of melted cheese from my bottom lip. “Costco special.”
The piece of 8 by 10 white paper with the Divorce Revolution checklist —and her 10—lay burning a hole in the granite counter between us.
“How was Yoga?” Neither of us was going to be the first to recognize the paper.
She paused her chewing and looked at me before answering. “Fine. Thanks.”
Her pause answered one of my questions.
She took a paper towel and wiped her hands and mouth. “Thanks for the sandwich. You all ready to kick butt this afternoon?”
“Yup. I was looking at a video by some old lady in Phoenix this morning who gave some good tips on how to do a great serve when you can’t bend over or raise your shoulder above horizontal. Perfect.”
“Ha! You should send that to Ricardo,” she suggested. “He has the hots for that widow from the Southland club.”
Ricardo was the octogenarian in the Wednesday afternoon class. He had apparently been some kind of tennis champion (as he keeps reminding us). He doesn’t move very well but no one criticizes him since we all simply hope we can walk at his age much less have the nerve to play a racquet (paddle?) sport. He is also quite fit and insists on wearing a sleeveless shirt. “The right to bare arms” he calls it, and everyone laughs for the 50th time. He thinks these muscled arms give him the right to flirt with all of the women in their 70s. 
“He would just call her up and ask for a date,” I surmised. “Or tell her about his tennis career.”
“You’re awful,” she chided. “You could only hope that you could brag about something physical at 82. Let’s go. We can practice a bit before our game with Lawrence and Maureen.”
Her recounting of the actual event was fairly accurate. What’s his name sent a lob over my head and, while backing up; I tripped over my own feet and went down like a felled Redwood. The crack on my head knocked me out, and you know the rest. Up to now.
What I haven’t told Brenda is that when we got home on Friday (they kept me for an extra day for ‘observation’ and further consultation with the neurologist) I remembered that little piece of paper and the checklist. But it was gone from the counter when we got home. And I’ve pretended ever since that I have forgotten both the Karen-Gordie checklist and her 10 beside the last item. Apart from the fact that this seems to suit Brenda’s current narrative that I am going nuts, I have decided not to confront her on the mystery behind her surreptitiously putting a 10 beside the checklist item that referred to infidelity as a source of the Grey Divorce Revolution. I have no allusions that she was trying to tell me something — and the ‘event’ might have changed her mind. I’m now wondering whether I want to know.
After my blog about the Grey Divorce Revolution, I received emails from many of you describing your own circumstances. When I started this blog thing I had thought that my musings might be of help to 70 plusers going through the same thing I was living. Now it appears that it is you who are helping me. (How egocentric to think that this would not be the case?) It appears that all of the prognosticators on the motivation for seniors like you and me to stay with our spouses are wrong. It isn’t finding hobbies or travel to do together. It isn’t sharing the toilet cleaning duties. It isn’t sex twice a year. The prime motivation of old folks is fear of loneliness. What is the value of the yoga class, the pickleball or golf game, the cruise, the volunteering at the food bank, or the serving dinner at the homeless shelter…if there is no one to come home to…if there is no one to share the day’s thoughts and adventures?
As Elvis asked…are you lonely tonight? 
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 21: Things ain’t what they used to be…
Sunday, October 13,2019

One of Brenda and my favorite pastimes is to rant at the changes of goods (and probably services) over the past 40 years. Specifically, we have watched with great entertainment how companies gradually adjust the size and components of a product while sending the price in the other direction. Our favorite rant is KD (Kraft dinner for those of you who have been in a cultural bubble for the last 50 years.) We both lived on KD as poor students, (My favorite gourmet exercise was KD and chopped up wieners. I think that covered several food groups?), and it was our ‘go to’ 20-minute dinner when the boys were young. Of course, today we can order just about anything —in any phase of preparation—delivered to our house. Donald and Laverne have relegated all creative cooking duties to some anonymous kitchen somewhere in an industrial subdivision. My mother would have apoplexy at how her grandchildren feed their kids. I even watched an ad on TV last week that advertised frozen, single portion, prepared meals for seniors —delivered to your (old folks) home. I know that some of you are in places where there is a dining room that serves meals. I’d love to hear what you think of the food in your residence. Every time I have had food in those places it is so bland that I couldn’t tell the difference between the Salisbury Steak and the mashed potatoes. Personally, the older I get the more I want the spices—from Indian, to Thai, to Mexican. My favorite meal is still a spicy, chicken or lamb curry (maybe Graham and Lorne have it right?). I’m not sure if the kitchens in these homes—or the food delivery companies targeting you and me—have figured out the boomer gang yet. 
But as usual I digress. I was talking about KD and changing food products. There is absolutely no way that the KD you can buy on the shelf today is the same as the KD I made in the mid 60s. I wish I had kept a box from those days for comparison. The only reason that I can think of for Kraft to change what must have been a best-selling product, is to increase the profit margin on a .99 cent box of macaroni. Thus, I am convinced that the cheese is no longer real cheddar and the macaroni bits are smaller. But the most sinful act of all is the sugar they now add to the stuff. I read somewhere that food companies now add sugar to just about everything. Apparently there is an industry recognized “sugar tolerance” level— the point where an amount of sugar adds the maximum appeal of the product. I am convinced that KD has more sweetener of some sort (along with the less cheese and less pasta). I don’t have the facilities (other than old taste buds) to prove all of this, of course, and if anyone from Kraft reads this blog they will threaten a lawsuit. Fill your boots Kraft. Sugar is the biggest food killer in our society.
Speaking of sugar, I used to (still do) love Mar’s bars. They are bad for me I know, but at least when I eat one I know how much sugar I am eating. Again, I wish I had kept one from my University days, when we tried to deep fry one after we heard that someone in Scotland was selling deep fried Mars Bars. I am convinced that they are different now, in both size and substance. Again, the only thing I can prove is that they are a lot more expensive. I could go on and on about our favorite rants about how either companies have changed their product or try and fool us. Look inside a large Yoghurt container and see how close to the top the product comes? Shake down a cereal box and see how much of the box is air? (Again, not to mention how much is sugar.) I’m sure that you have your own list of pet, (favorite …not your dog. That is another blog) packaged food, peeves. I think that we —the over 70s—have an obligation to share with the world the way things used to be. In the food industry —and in every other commercial product—we all remember when it was good enough for a company to just make a good product and a good profit margin. Now shareholders (investors like you and me, folks) demand more and more from these companies, and they oblige by aiming to provide increasingly less product for an increasingly large price. 
But it wasn’t the old food that prompted me to blog about the ‘good old days’. When I was laid up with a cracked noggin, Graham visited and brought me some movies to watch. He and Lorne are apparently doing well with the food truck since they moved it back to Calgary from Edmonton. Who would have known that curry would be so popular in Calgary? Did I tell you that Lorne has family roots in the Caribbean? Brenda and I went to Grenada once and I have to admit, the local curry chicken was the best I have ever had—it had a sweetness to go with the nippiness. Of course, anything washed down with a glass of Mount Gay rum and consumed in a warm Caribbean evening breeze, has a unique flavor. They still don’t have approval for the edible dope products, but it hasn’t stopped them from a rigorous product development and sampling process. They may not have added to their customer base, but according to Graham they have significantly added to their BFF list. (Graham’s daughter Katherine taught me about things like BFF). 
“How ya doin old man?” Graham waltzed into our den/TV room last Wednesday. As usual, Lorne followed quietly behind him. I truly like that man. Despite his size and shape —Rodin would have lusted after him as a model—he had a gentle and quiet smile. I don’t think that I have ever seen him express any anger. And Graham looks at him with a genuine fondness that I thought was reserved for me. “Get some sense knocked into you, did ya?”
“What?” I menaced. “Who are you? What are you doing here? And who is your Adonis bodyguard there?”
“Dad,” Graham was suddenly somber. “It is me. Graham. Your son.”
I just grunted.
“And this is Lorne.” He cautiously pulled Lorne close where I could see him better, as if I was suddenly blind. “My partner.”
“Ahhh,” I enthusiastically replied. “Let them all pass all their dirty remarks —one love. There is one question I’d really like to ask —one heart. Is there a place for the hopeless sinner, who has hurt all mankind just to save his own? Believe me.”
I wish I had taken a photo of the look on Graham’s face. It was somewhere between shock and grief. Lorne on the other hand started to choke with laughter. He put his arm around a confused Graham and looked him in the eye as he started to sing.
“One love. One Heart. Let’s get together and feel alright.”
Graham suddenly got the joke. “I don’t think this is funny.” He tried to stifle a smile. “If you can remember Bob Marley I suspect you can remember who I am.”
“Hi Graham,” I replied. “Need some money?”
“Ha. Now I know you haven’t lost your mind.” I was still supposed to sit so as not to disturb my jostled brain so Graham had to lean down to give me a father-son hug. “Seriously Dad,” he admonished. “How are you?”
“Awful headache. But all the pieces seem to be there. Your mother suggests the bump can only improve my cognitive functioning. How is business?”
“Great. Can’t keep with demand. We’ve teamed up with ‘getyourgrub’ to have our curries ordered on line and delivered to homes. It’s the latest thing Dad—food delivered to your home on demand.”
“Glad to hear it boys,” I offered. “Let me know if you want me to test any of your products.”
“I’ll make a special brownie just for you Chuck,” Lorne laughed. “We can call them Armageddon Fudge. I suspect that Marley had his share of sampling in the day.”
“Dad,” Graham handed me a small memory stick. “I have downloaded some movies for you to watch while you convalesce.”
“Thanks. But you know that I am not a fan of modern movies.” Graham, Lorne and I have had many discussions about the state to the modern movie industry. “There is certainly the occasional good flick these days (I can give some examples if anyone asks), but in general modern movies do what every other commercial product is supposed to do—appeal to the mindless consumer. The movie consumer today is simply stupid, needing the graphic action of a comic book —or a game—to hold their attention for more than 20 minutes. The American movies (and TV series) are particularly bad, ranked only by the body count at the end of the flick. OK. I know there are exceptions, but the best ones are usually remakes of old classics. Think A Star is Born. The 2018 remake is actually as good as the 1976 original, a rare feat. Think of the remake of The Magnificent Seven for a disaster. I lost count at over 100 dead bodies. Besides, today we are perfectly comfortable with a Netflix boardroom somewhere assuming the role of cinema quality arbiter.” 
“Dad,” slightly exasperated, Graham interrupted my monologue as he handed me a memory stick. “These are old movies. The best of the 60s and 70s.” 
“Who said they were the best?”
“Old, out of touch, narrow minded, relics like you.”
I took the stick and smiled. “Will I get arrested at the border if I tried to travel with this?” I am a techie, remember. I know how he downloaded these flicks.
“Only if you keep the porn.” 
“Lorne,” I laughed, and placed the stick on the table beside my Mac Air. “How do you live with this guy every day?”
“Patience, Chuck,” he grimaced. “Patience.”
“Thanks Graham. These will help pass the time. And the older the better since I will have forgotten them all by now.” (This is actually not true. I can’t remember anything about the movie that Brenda and I watched on Monday night, but I remember every scene that Michael Caine played in Zulu.)
Another man-hug from both Graham and Lorne and they were gone and I was left alone with the best flicks of the 60s and 70s. I’m actually looking forward to watching them. I welcome anything that takes me back to better days. If anyone is interested I can share Graham’s selections (and my best and worst of today?)
Every little things… gonna be all right.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 22: A senior Moment?
Sunday, October 20,2019
Good morning. I think that a few blogs ago I said I would continue some thoughts about pickleball. To be honest I forgot about it as I got distracted with other things—like a concussion. So today, even though I will ever play the game again, I will do a little more Pickleball, but first a few comments on this forgetting issue.
I experienced a strange event on Wednesday. 
As I told you before, since I retired, I have gradually taken over the food shopping. Brenda was never excited about anything in the kitchen, despite being raised in a traditional Italian family where both her mother and grandmother fussed over every spice and tomato. As a working professional her creative efforts were always directed towards the courtroom, not the culinary arts. When the boys were young we had a nanny, and then had a series of housekeepers and all had meal preparation on their job description. She was good with lunches though. Preparing nutritious and appealing lunches for the boys seemed to fit within the range of a good lawyer’s responsibilities. In hindsight, since I had no interest in the kitchen as well (I viewed my primary domestic responsibility was to take the boys golfing) it is a wonder that the boys grew up apparently nutritiously sustained. Of course, that is just how I remember it 30 years on. Maybe Brenda wasn’t so food neglectful. Maybe I just didn’t notice. Maybe our memory plays tricks on us as we age? 
But back to the event. As I said, I do the shopping and in 2019 that means I get to go to Costco. I actually remember my first Costco trip 20 years ago. I borrowed a friend’s new membership card and experienced for the first time the pleasure of buying enough Rice Krispies to last through the coming Armageddon. On that trip the only trouble I had was at the checkout when the clerk looked at Tolbert’s decidedly African face on the membership and asked me if this was my card. I lied and she rang up our purchases. Brenda always liked going to Costco, but not only for the food. When we were on a mortgage-drained budget with two growing boys the bulk food was appealing, but it was the clothes and books that really hooked her. I would leave her browsing the clothes and books aisles while I filled the shopping list that her (the nanny?) had prepared. 
Since we both retired I have had the Costco experience to myself, although I don’t even know why we shop there. It can’t be for the food. We hardly even cook anymore. Between eating out, and experimenting with the latest social trend to have food in various stages of preparation delivered to our door, our food preparation exercises are limited to the occasional breakfast (although weekend brunch at a local café is becoming increasingly popular with the yoga crowd). I think for me it is more the event than the process. Costco is an instant reflection of the consumer trends of our city. In addition, watching the shoppers provides a glimpse at a cross section our city. A few weeks ago I saw the President of one of the Calgary Oil Companies pushing a Costco cart while his partner loads it with bulk toilet paper and orange juice. I happen to know that his salary is on the sunny side of 10 million a year, so he isn’t there to balance the weekly food budget. Maybe he likes the food samples that magically appear around lunchtime. On the other hand, the family lined up behind him for a bite of cheese-covered nachos clearly needed to save every penny. Maybe the food samples were their eating out experience for the week? At any rate, on Wednesday after waiting in a 6 cart lineup, I unloaded a bucket of honey, a packet of Starbucks coffee, a box of apples, a case of Perrier, a bottle of watered down (but cheap) maple syrup, a precooked chicken, a years’ supply of Kirkland brand shampoo, and a red t-shirt (I already have 13 of various colours, but who can pass up a $9 t-shirt).
“Your card sir?” the lady behind the cash register gently probed.
“Here…Sharon,” I offered as I passed her the card. I have a habit of always looking at the nameplate of employees and using their name when I interact with them. Why else do they have the nametag on? Is it only so you can name then in a complaint? “A busy day?” I offered as she efficiently scanned each it. (Do you remember when scanning first came into grocery stores? Brenda said it was a way to cheat customers. As an IT guy I knew how it would revolutionize the food check out system.)
“You know it,” she sighed as she shoved each item to the box loader (no bags at socially conscious Costco). “Must be the first of the month or something.”
It took me a moment to realize what she meant. Most of the shoppers—maybe her? —couldn’t shop until they got their bi-weekly or monthly paycheck. 
“Yeah,” I sympathized, looking to see if that CEO was anywhere near me. “Old Age comes at the first of the month as well.”
“I look forward to that experience,” she laughed. She handed me my card to insert into the pay machine.
I inserted the card and stared at the $ 83.50 and pressed Ok. (How would I even know the total? Maybe Brenda was right?) Then the Enter Password flashed on the screen. Password? I only have two credit cards; one I use for Costco (gets the best rebate) and other with a bank (to get the travel points). That is only two PINS to remember. And at this instant, standing in front of the machine that magically sends money from my bank account to Costco, with a 7 cart line up of impatient mothers and whining children—I could not remember my Costco PIN. 
“Sir,” Sharon gently probed. “Are you Ok?”
I must have been displaying some signs of distress.
“Fine Sharon. Thanks,” I replied as I punched in 4 numbers at random, hoping that in the meantime the elusive correct 4 numbers would swipe into my cerebral cortex and I can smile and continue.
Incorrect password the machine screamed at me.
“Hmmm,” I mumbled for Sharon’s benefit. I squinted like I was having trouble seeing the screen and punched in another four random numbers. 
The woman behind me was bouncing between anger and despair as she struggled to control the two active toddlers pulling at her arm and the now crying baby in her arms.
Incorrect Password once again.
“Bank must have screwed up again,” I suggested. “Costco really needs to re-examine their partnership with this card.” If Brenda had been there I would have found some reason to blame her. “Did you change the pin Dear?” or worse “Did you not pay the bill?” As a manager, I always had someone else to take the blame when things didn’t go perfectly. Since retirement I have often found it difficult to take the on whole burden of responsibility when things went wrong. Of course, the wrongs in retirement life are considerably less impactive than the wrongs of an executive decision. Forgetting to put the Downy in the wash won’t lose anyone their job or their investment income.
At the moment, forgetting my PIN ranked up there with the worst. Remember, I’m supposed to be eidetic. I could recall my first ever phone number and the address and postal code of our first house 40 years ago, but not my PIN. These things don’t happen to people like me. I could feel the sweat dripping down my armpits and I felt a faint dizziness, the kind where you find yourself outside of your body looking down at yourself. I looked pretty stupid from that angle.
“Yeah,” Sharon consoled. “Happens all the time. That’s the only credit card Costco takes. Do you have a bankcard? Or cash maybe?”
I paused, trying to put my management, eidetic disability, and emergency thinking into overdrive. I have a bankcard, but it has the same PIN. (I know. Stupid. But ironically I use the same PIN for all my cards so I won’t have to remember multiple PINS. That clearly worked out well.) Cash, I thought. I know I don’t have 80 something bucks in my wallet. Then I did actually remember something. “Aha,” I announced. I put the credit card away, jammed my wallet in my jacket pocket and with far too much flourish I yanked my belt off my pants. Now I really had everyone’s attention. The clerk at the neighboring cash stopped scanning. Even the baby stopped crying. Then from a zippered pouch running the length on the inside of the belt I pulled out a $100 US bill.
“What is your exchange rate?” I asked as I waved the bill at Sharon.
Sharon took the bill and called a supervisor. “We need to have a supervisor check every bill over $50.”
“I’m just forgetful, not a forger,” I joked as the supervisor snapped the bill and held it up to the light. I wondered what she would have done if it really was a fake note, and I wonder if she really knew how to tell the difference.
“Looks fine. Thank you Sir.” 
I mouthed an apology to the woman behind me (she was too preoccupied with a two year old who was breaking into a box of 24 protein bars to notice), put my belt back on as Sharon counted the change and the box lady put my purchases into a box in the cart. I headed to my car. 
But here is the thing. The minute I got behind the wheel of the Subaru WRX (a retirement gift to myself), I remembered every PIN or PW I have ever had. Alright, I only use one PIN and two passwords, but I clearly remembered them both. I said the PIN out loud to myself. 8129. 8129. 8129. I even remembered how I came up with that PIN: the year we had our first child and my age at that time. My two PW were 1DCB9Z49 and 1DCB9M49: my birthday 1949, my favorite band (Downchild Blues) and 2 favorite movies (the original Zulu with Michael Caine and The Magnificent 7‚—the original). Eidetic in overdrive.
I sat staring at my steering wheel remembering all of this like it was written in front of me. Yet in the store I could only remember that I was wearing a special travelling belt with a secret pocket, and that 7 years ago for a trip to Africa I had put $100 US emergency money in the pocket?
This whole memory thing deserves a little more thought. My 2000 words for this week are used. (And again, I never got to pickleball). If I can remember I’ll chat a little more about this in a future blog.
Have a good week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 23: “Go take a pill.”
Monday, October 28, 2019

Alright already! I’m sorry. I assure everyone who sent me an urgent message asking me if I had died, the obvious answer is no (if you assume it is me writing this blog today? Ha.). I have not shuffled off this mortal coil (apologies to Monty P). I just forgot that it was Sunday and there were folks like you out there as equally bored as me who get some kind of nourishment from my rantings. To clarify, I didn’t forget about all of you. Writing my weekly diatribe is quite ingrained in my deep psychic and is not likely dissolve into age stimulated ether anytime soon. No. I forgot what day it was, and got up this morning (Monday. I know this because Brenda is off to Yoga, not church) thinking that it was Sunday. Never mind. More interesting is what happened yesterday and why you can see why I might have misplaced a Sunday.
As I told you once before, Brenda is an active Unitarian while I am an active Atheist (oxymoron?). She usually spends her Sunday mornings (and beyond) in various church related activities, and I waste them writing this blog. Yesterday (if today really is Monday—yes, Siri confirms it), she languished in bed with me instead if jumping out promptly at 7:27 AM and started a conversation. A pleasant one.
“Everyone asked about you at Pickleball this week,” she purred. “Even Larry. I think he is wearing an athletic cup now. You know. One of those things the boys used to wear for hockey.”
We both laughed. “I know what they are. I was a boy once too you know? What were you doing staring at Larry’s groin?”
She took the spare pillow and hit me across the face.
“Watch it!” I mocked. “Want to have to take me to emerge again?”
“Maybe. Next time I’ll ask them to do a lobotomy.”
I hit back with the pillow. “Ok. And then they could donate a piece of my brain to science. Try and understand why I am such a brilliant man.”
“Oh right,” she laughed. “Maybe to understand why men can’t remember three grocery items. Or why I have to remind you ten times over two months to get the Christmas tree lights up. Or why the kitchen garbage has to be overflowing on the floor before you notice it?”
“My mind is just absorbed in more important things,” I retorted. “Like you,” I laughed and reached over and poked her belly. Tickling always annoyed her.
“Stop that,” She ordered. “I’ll throw up if you tickle me.”
That is true. We once (20 years ago. Nothing wrong with my memory eh?) had a tickling fight in bed and she actually threw up. More gagged actually, but just as gross.
“Too bad I’ve retired from Pickleball.” 
“Too bad you can’t just play gently, like all of the other old people there?” she mused. “You know. Not try and get every shot like it was the game point for the Pickleball World Championships?”
It was my turn to look at her with that ‘over the reading glasses look’. “What do you think?”
“Can’t you change?” she offered with some resignation. “You don’t have to try to be the best at everything.”
I leaned back on my pillow with my hand behind my head. The sheets were down to my waist. “It isn’t about being the best. It is more about being the best you can be—in the context of your circumstances.”
“Like what?” The sheets were at her waist as well. I noticed she was wearing the silk pajamas that I brought for her on a long-ago trip to China.
“Age. Disability. I admire the disabled athletes who find a way to push their circumstances to the limit. I guess in a way I admire some obsessions. Like the father who runs marathons pushing his disables on in a special racing wheel chair in front of him. No victory there. No world record. Just accomplishment.”
“Sounds quite narcissistic to me,” she suggested. “Can’t you just ‘accomplish’ in Pickleball?”
“Maybe. But for some reason Pickleball doesn’t rank up there with an activity that provides the risk-reward ratio I’m looking for.”
“Like golf?” she laughed and poked me in the ribs.
“I’m full of shit aren’t I?” 
“Yup, ”she agreed. “But keep talking. You’ll shoot yourself in the foot eventually.”
“Well,” I replied. “Since there is a pill for everything these days, maybe I’ll invent a pill you can take for ‘shit for brains’. Wives all over the world would buy it for their husbands. 
“You have that one right!” She placed her hand on my tummy this time. “Why don’t you get me a coffee?” She paused. “And take a pill on the way.”
You knew that at some point my blog about growing old in your 70s would have to breach the topic of sex. I mean sexual activity, not just gender. So, before I continue the yesterday’s story, a short side bar (I like sidebars) about our sex life. Have you heard the old joke about the newlywed couple that came to an agreement about sex? The man suggested to the woman that if he wanted sex, “I’ll reach over and squeeze your boob three times.” The new wife nodded. He continued. “And if you don’t want sex reach over and squeeze my penis 300 times.” I presume they are still married, although I never heard the joke where she wanted sex. Brenda and I never needed ‘signals’ that either of us wanted sex. It was always spontaneous —and frequent enough. Neither of us had to say yes, or no. We just knew. However, despite the story of the 70 year old woman who wrote a book extolling the virtues of senior sex (Ms. Google it. She actually wrote a book about it—multiple partners and multiple times a week), sex drives and frequencies morph with the natural hormonal changes of age. To put it bluntly, both men and women turn to pharmaceuticals when the urge strikes them. (Ideally at the same time.) To put it even more bluntly, the will is still there, (on this one the old lady sex author had it right), but the ability has slipped away. Or as one male comedian put it, I have the gun but I’m out of bullets. For Brenda and me this has meant two changes in our sex life. First, like the young couple in the joke we increasingly needed to develop some sort of signal. I still don’t know why we have never been able to just sit down and talk about sex. Maybe because we never had to. Our sex life was —historically—great (I think). Secondly, today we both need some pharmaceutical assistance. And for me it was the obvious pill. And her new ‘signal’ became some —often very oblique— reference to pill or pills.
Brenda’s comment “go take a pill,” was the clearest ‘reference’ I had heard in months. (I should add that by some sort of unspoken agreement the “pill” reference would always come from her. I appreciate that no man should ever take the “pill” without the agreement of the partner, but I do take a small exception to the assumption that a man always wants sex, and just needs an agreeable partner.) I stopped in the bathroom on my way to the kitchen and took one of the little blue things. I made us each an Americano on the expresso machine Donald gave us for Christmas last year, (Irish breakfast tea wouldn’t cut it this morning) and put them on a tray with a plate of sliced up Costco banana.
When I got back to the bedroom Brenda was still in bed with the sheets pulled up to her neck. The silk pajamas were on the floor. (Phew. I got the signal right.) I put the tray on the middle of the bed took off my own pajamas (cheap cotton stuff) and crawled I to bed. The pill is supposed to take half an hour to work, but at that moment I wasn’t so sure of that timing.
“Very nice,” Brenda purred as she sipped the coffee. “Just like in France.”
We had been to Paris three years ago.
“Except for the ambience?” I suggested. “No walker-gawking along the Seine?”
“Can’t be naked in a café,” she laughed as she nibbled on a piece of banana. “Even Paris wouldn’t allow that.”
“Maybe we should test it out next trip? I can see the headline —'Canadian Senior sex fiends arrested in Paris café.’
“I’d be thrown out of the church.”
“But it would give the bridge group something to talk about?”
“Ha,” she snorted. “Other than Karen and Gordie you mean.”
“Who?”
She looked at me to see if I was serious. “The bridge couple we play with?”
“Oh. Right. He’s a dick.”
“You don’t remember about her leaving?”
“Did she go somewhere?” 
“What about the 10 item checklist? ”
“Checklist?” I gave her a puzzled look. “What are you talking about?” (I figured that this wasn’t the time to talk about either Gordie—or the checklist.)
“Never mind.” She took the tray and placed it on the floor and then slid over to my side of the bed. “I just meant the you are a 10 to me Chuck.”
“I think that Bo Derek will be jealous.”
“Shut up….”
For those of you expecting a blow-by-blow description of the rest, forget it. I’ll just tell you that Brenda did indeed sin that Sunday morning and the rest of the day was blur of laughter and cooking and making fun of stupid friends. We didn’t whine about children or grandchildren once. However, it was a slightly anomalous event given the frequency of our intimacies over the past year. I was left with the nagging thought that it might have been guilt sex. 
At any rate, sorry that I forgot that it was Sunday. And I forgot about item 10 on the checklist.
Hope you have (having, since it is Monday) a great week.
Damn. You can actually take a pill for loneliness.
See you next Sunday (if I remember).
Chuck 
Index



Blog 24: “Tuesday night at the movies”
Sunday, November 3,2019

Good Sunday morning all. I sat down at my desk and my loyal Mac Air to write today’s blog —I was going to write about dogs—when I found one of those memory sticks lying on the desk. You know, one of those things that hold some data for sharing or transferring from one computer to another. I remember when they had the capacity to hold a long letter. Now they have the capacity to hold several novels. Like many of these sticks, it was a promotional giveaway from ‘Gourmet Foods Int.’ I used to collect them at IT conferences and trade shows and give them to the boys. Today you can buy them at Costco. Amazing. At any rate, I stuck it in the Air and to my surprise I found it was full of old movies. At first, I thought that I must have done it 20 years ago when I was downloading movies to watch when travelling, but then I remembered that 20 years ago there were no sticks like this that could hold the 25 movies that were on the stick. So, I must have done it recently. Given this serendipity, I have decided that today I will talk about old movies and what I think has changed in the flick world today. To start with, here is the list of old flicks that were on the on the stick; 
The Godfather (72), Lawrence of Arabia (62), Blazing Saddles (74), Dr. Strangelove (64), Apocalypse Now (79), Monty Python and the Holy Grail (75), Zulu (64), The Magnificent 7 (60), The Good, The Bad and The Ugly (66), Mash (70), Star Wars (77), The French Connection (71), Deliverance (72), One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest (75), Rocky (76), Animal House (78), Gold finger (66), Butch Cassidy (69), The Great Escape (63), The Dirty Dozen (67), It’s a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (69), True Grit (69), Easy Rider (69), The Wild Bunch (69), Jeremiah Johnson (72).
Wherever this stick came from, they certainly know the old movies I like. If they had gone back into the 30s, they could have downloaded the 1939 classic Gunga Din. Of the ones on the stick, Zulu (introduces Michael Caine) and Jeremiah Johnson (one of Redford’s best) would be my top choices. To a growing cacophony of groans, I used to force my boys to watch these ones at least once a year.
I think that two observations can be made from lists like this.
First, you can tell a lot about a person from their “favorite” lists—books, movies, art and so on. I’ll get to my books in some future blog, but what can you learn about me from my flick choices? Well, none of these movies are what are called ‘romcoms’. And none take place in a 17th century castle in England. They are either war related, or offbeat humour related. Think ‘Blazing Saddles’ and ‘The Dirty Dozen.’ I’m not sure that there are any movies on this list that Brenda would watch—at least willingly. Maybe ‘Mash’ and ‘Star Wars.’ I don’t think that I am particularly violent person, so what explains my attraction to movies with an inordinate predilection for macho behavior? (As a kid I also liked the Audie Murphy war movies.) Whatever it is, I believe that it fair to make an anecdotal observation that men and women like different movies (and different books?). Now, I don’t want to get too deep into the evolutionary biology debate that is all the rage in university Humanity departments around the world. The argument there is that gender differences are socially defined and not biological. By and large these folks deny the effects of evolution on the determinants of gender differences. Of course, evolution deniers are not a recent phenomenon either. It started the moment Darwin stepped off the HMS Beagle in 1831. And there are still some Bible thumpers today (they elected Trump so maybe there are more of them than we realize?) who believe that God created the world in the seven days described in Genesis. The modern evolution denier has tried dressing up creationism in pseudo-science and calling it things like ‘intelligence design’, (the most recent twist is to accept evolution but insist that God created evolution) but since there was very little intelligence about it, no one was fooled and attempts to get it taught in school science classes bombed.
But back to the Humanities departments. The contemporary evolution denier is more likely a very intelligent and articulate academic. Their argument is that we all start out as a ‘blank slate’—male and female brains start out at birth the same—and the observed differences later in life are the result of socialization. That is, there are no evolutionary explanations of gender behavioral differences. This supposedly explains (and supports) the apparently (to us old folks anyhow) sudden emergence of the non-binary (individuals that don’t identify with either gender). As I said, I’m not sure that I want to get too much further into this debate. I have probably already pissed someone off by even raising the topic. So, I will just say that given the possibility that there are scientifically proven evolutionary gender (not sayin’ there are…just sayin’) differences, they should not be translated in any way into universal or judged behaviors, like deciding that women are more empathetic so should be nurses and elementary teachers. 
But back to the movie issue and my preferences versus Brenda’s. I’m going to have to get her to list her favorite old movies to see how the lists differ. Is it socialization that I watched Audie Murphy movies and ‘Zulu’, and she preferred “Gone with the Wind”? (I remember the day that she learned that Clarke Gable was gay). The latter is, of course, banned in civil society today for its portrayal of slavery and the former for its portrayal of war.
All this is a distraction from the real points I wanted to make about this movie list. 
First and most obviously, they don’t make ‘em like they used to. Even the most action-oriented movie on the 50s, 60s and even the 70s were dialogue driven. People talked to each other like they were performing on a theatre stage. Today the dialogue is largely replaced by simpleton plots (especially in the comic arena) and even more unengaging dialogue that is inevitably overshadowed by the computer- generated images. I know there are some exceptions (maybe you will tell me some?), but I have to go through a lot of movies today to find a redeeming one. It probably speaks to the considerably reduced attention span of most adults today, but that is another rant.
Secondly, there are far too many movies made today for the focus to be upon quality. Netflix launches one a week (day?) in order to satiate the public demand for continual, distracting entertainment. I think that they scour the world for the worst novels they can find and then turn them over to their formula screenwriters. Like the Romance novels, they have a formula to guide the plot and the vocabulary. 
Finally, there is such a paucity of creativity in the movie business today that they have to scarf off the old ideas and make remakes. How about True Grit, The Magnificent 7, and 3:10 to Yuma? Does no one have any new ideas for westerns? At least Clint Eastwood redeemed himself with Unforgiven, but that was over 25 years ago. (He must be ready for a remake of something any day now.) As I said, I do have to admit that the ‘A Star is Born 2018’ remake was very good. Who would have guessed that Lady GaGa could be such a great actress? But couldn’t they have found an original story to showcase her immense talent?
Ok. This blog has turned into a major rant and for a blog that was supposed to be a pleasant diatribe about dogs, I certainly got distracted—gender differences and modern movies all in under 2000 words. A record of some sort, I’m sure.
I think I’ll go make some popcorn. (Maybe not. The last batch broke a crown). 
Apocalypse Now would be a good start given my current mood.
Have a great week.
See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index




Blog 25: A Senior Moment: Woof! Woof!
Saturday, November 9,2019

As I write this I am contrite.
I’ll back up a bit. First of all, it is Saturday and not Sunday as usual. Donald, Laverne and the kids came over this morning and brought their dog with them. I have always loved dogs. And it now appears that ‘they’ have proven that owning a dog is good for your health —you know the ubiquitous ‘they’? The authorities on everything? Apparently dog owners have lower levels of heart attacks, lower blood pressure and live longer.
Cool. But they are still just animals. As I watch the current worship of the dogs (pet industry generally) in society I am imagining Roman senators coddling mutts on their toggaed laps as Rome burns around them. There is a freezer truck that drives past the Calgary downtown, homeless, bottle pickers on its way to deliver organic, raw meat pet foods to suburban homes that provide sirloin to their Rotweiler-Shitzu cross, and KD to their kids. (It’s Ok because they wash it down with Kombucho). In my neighborhood there are more pet product stores than Starbucks. I walked past one last week and —no kidding—they displayed $70 doggy pajamas in their window. There are, of course, the common doggie boots, coats and hats as well. The biggest hit on Dragon’s Den last year were a couple of entrepreneurs who were flogging $5000 —yes that’s 5k—necklaces (Ok. Collars.) for dogs. The Dragons tripped over each other to invest.
I grew up with dogs. We had a series of mutts that all found a special place in all of our family hearts, and provided a special companionship for a young boy immersed in the usual confusion of growing up. (Yes—the boy and his dog thing is true). I (and every other 12 year old boy) unashamedly cried over Old Yeller. Not to mention Lassie or the Littlest Hobo. And on the farm where my parents were born, their dogs had a job. But the basis of the relationship was that our dogs were celebrated as dogs—not people. They slept on their favorite blanket by the back door. Spent their cherished outside time in all weather (undressed). They salivated over a bowl of hard kernelled dog food, supplemented with the occasional steak bone (which they usually, immediately buried in the back yard). When they got old and infirm we took them to the vet —before they either cost us a month’s wages to continually fix, or covered my grandmother’s plastic covered chesterfield with involuntary body wastes.
No one slept with them, kissed them, dressed them in booties and haute couture coats (even in the summer), took obedience classes with them (a rolled up newspaper and a firm voice always worked), increased our mortgage to pay for MRIs and cancer surgery, or placed their cremated powder in urns on our mantle place. Dog walkers? We walked them ourselves. Why have a dog if you are going to hire someone else to walk it? And they most definitely did not replace the role of children in the family relationship.
Now, I am sure I have pissed of more people than I did with my Alice B. Toklas Fudge blog. I am aware of the companionship that a dog can provide to a lonely senior. I’ll probably get one myself when I am too old to travel and don’t have to leave it in one of the Doggy Hotels ($100 a night) that have sprung up across the 1st world. (There are places in the world where dogs are still a food group). And I will love it and take care of it and cuddle with it and it will return my affection with no strings attached, and get me— and my walker— outside for a daily walk. 
But it will still be a dog.
That brings us back to this morning —Saturday. Donald and Laverne called and said that they were coming over for a visit and they had a surprise to show us. You have probably guessed that they are going to bring over a new dog. And they will have the expectation that Brenda and I will share their excitement as if they were giving us another grandchild. (A dog may be an improvement.) And you can guess from my diatribe above that my reaction was bound to disappoint. 
First a little update on the doggy breed world. In our day if we convinced our gullible parents that we would take care of the dog— feed it and walk it every day—we either went to the local pound to see what was in the discard bin, or find a local farmer who had a litter to get rid of. A deworming, some shots and we were good to go. The vet would next see the dog for fixing and then for the final visit. Today is quite different. You won’t have any social standing unless you have either a pure breed, or even more status, a designer dog. The more exotic the pure breed the better. French bulldogs at $4000 a puppy are all the rage today, followed closely by $5000 a pop Tibetan Mastiffs. But for the really discriminating dog owner there are the designer pups. These dogs are created when some Maryjane high dog owner decides to lock two horny dogs of a different breed in a room and see what comes out a few months later. When the best characteristics of the two parents show up in the progeny, then you have a winner (same with human procreation I guess). Think Labradoodle here. Of course, greedy puppy mills playing the genetic wildcard game are apparently ruining even this good thing. Guess where these beasts came from: Spitzky, Husgi, Chowba, Bullpug, Sheppug, Bortriever, Dachi, Huskiever, Shepspitz, Hullie, Brabanpug, Chiphalene, Pugsua, Poodlelier, Beagi. I always try and imagine a Burmese Mountain dog and a Chihuahua locked in that room. A Chihuaburm? Or a Burmchi? But what if you take two unpleasant dog breeds (or two breeds unsuitable for family pet stock) and have them procreate? That brings us back to my Saturday morning.
As I told you, apparently it is a cool thing in the cool crowd to have one of these designer dogs. Pure breeds are so old school, as Donald explained to me as he tried to justify spending 6K for a family mutt.
“Hi guys,” Laverne cheerfully announced as she waltzed through our front door without knocking. “Come meet your new grandson.” She had something cradled in her arms wrapped in a Burberry blanket. After all it was a chilly Calgary November morning.
Right away— gag me. It is a fucking dog. 
I walked over and pulled the blanket back a bit to see what looked like a distorted Schneider’s all beef hotdog. “Ah. You brought lunch,” I offered. “ I’ll put on the barbecue.”
Everyone ignored me.
Brenda took her own look. “Awe. He is so cute,” she purred. “What kind is he?”
It may be at this point where one of my brain synapses cracked. Or it might have been when the two loving grandchildren ran past me without a greeting and immediately hunkered down over the MacBook Air Brenda keeps on the kitchen desk nook. The remaining four of us sat down in the living room.
“It’s a Chiweenie,” Laverne proudly explained, as she sat down. “We found him with a breeder on Bowen Island.”
“A Chiweenie?” Now she had my attention. “A Chiweenie? What is that? An Anagram?” I —still calmly— requested.
“I don’t know that breed,” Laverne cooed. “ This little fellow is the best of a Chihuahua and a Dachshund. Here Dad. Hold him.”
I took the wee thing from the blanket and held him like I was taught to hold our children moments after they were born. “How old is he?” Still calm.
“Eight weeks,” Donald explained. “ The breeder insists that they be weaned before being adopted.”
I put the creature on the floor and it immediately started to whimper and then peed on Brenda’s Rajasthan carpet. “Adopted?” I’m still calm. “How about ‘outbid’? What did this animal cost?”
“Six thousand —delivered,” Donald proudly announced.
“Amazon? Purolator? What corporation do Bowen Island hippies support these days?”
“Funny Dad,” Donald responded, only slightly defensive at this point. “The hippies have all been bought out by retired Calgary oil executives. The hippies now live in gated communities in Edmonton. They can vote NDP there.”
Donald being funny again.
The next half hour is fuzzy. If you have followed my blogs you probably realized that while I may be a bit sarcastic —maybe irreverent —on occasion, I am not a mean or angry person. At least I keep any anger I have between you and me and don’t inflict it on my family. But for the next half hour I lost it. And I forget much of it. Brenda later described my angry, pacing rant as despicable and unfair to Donald and Laverne —but even she admitted it was out of character. 
I stormed out of the room and went to my den/office and sat at my desk. Brenda followed and asked me if I was OK.
I won’t repeat word for word what Brenda described. Apparently I started to pace the living room floor, ranting first about how a Chiweenie was guaranteed to be barky, stupid, and cost thousands of dollars in vet bills. Then I moved onto Donald and the money I gave him and how I paid for the dog. Laverne apparently almost cried as I waged war on Paltrow and suggested we barbecue the Chiweenie. When I moved on to UCP government, to rip offs in the golf industry, to the modern KD, Brenda said they all knew that something weird was going on. 
She has now left to try and placate Donald and Laverne. And I find myself at my MacBook Air trying to explain to myself —and you—what happened. 
I am contrite. I have never behaved like that in my life.
But right now, I don’t feel very well —nauseous and dizzy—so I think I’ll cut my blog short this week and go somewhere to lie down.
See you when I see you, folks.
Chuck
Index

END OF PART ONE


A Senior Moment… Part 2
When I was young I was called a rugged individualist. When I was in my fifties I was considered eccentric. Here I am doing and saying the same things I did then and I’m labeled senile.
– George Burns


Blog 26: The First Day of the rest of your life
Sunday, November 24,2019
Good morning everyone. Chuck here. I think I am now up to 40 followers. This has to be a record for disinterest. Maybe I should post a photo of my dog trying to hump a squirrel (a Squweenie? Ha. Ha.). I don’t have one, but I could just fake it with a stray from the humane society since no one really cares about facts or the truth today. That would get me ‘shared’ all over the world.
At any rate, loyal followers, my apologies for missing the past two weeks of blogging. I had to wait until I got home to start writing again. I checked back on my last blog and it seems I left you after announcing that I was going to try and apologize to Donald and Laverne. As I recounted, I went a little overboard about the totally inconsequentialities of dog ownership and money —and apparently Goop—and I ended up locking myself in my den and writing that last blog. I’m not sure I communicated with you the concern I had for my behavior. I never minded a good argument —at work or at home—but I never “lost it” so to speak, as I did with that morning. I intended to go to the kitchen and apologize and tell them I couldn’t give a shit whether they spent their money (actually mostly mine right now) on Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop or Chopra's phony wisdom. Basically, I wanted to apologize for calling them stupid and if they wanted to ignore everything modern science had to say about health and wellness, that was fine with me. I promised myself to not even raise the vaccination thing.
Unfortunately, I never made it. The last thing I remember is posting this last blog, closing the MacBook Air and getting up from my desk feeling a bit faint and nauseous. The next thing I knew, I woke up staring —once again— at the roof of a room that, by the putrid lime green colour, could only be in a hospital. (Did all of the hospitals in the world get a deal on that colour of paint?) The next thing was a greeting from phlegm, coated vocal cord.
“Good morning, Mr. Profiterole. Glad to see you are back with the living.”
“That’s original,” I actually laughed at the 60 something woman in a pink nurse’s outfit. “You should really quit smoking.”
“What?” she asked as she hacked her last smoke into a real linen handkerchief.
“Never mind,” I laughed. “We all have our vices. It looks like mine may have landed me in Dante’s inferno. Where am I? Who are you? What’s wrong with me?”
“Rocky View. Third floor. Private room. What do I know?” She gave me a cynical smile. “I’m just an underpaid, stupid, unhealthy, nurse that is waiting to retire.” She paused and gave me a stare. “And a poor substitute for Virgil.”
“Ok,” I choked. “It appears I may have misjudged. Even- Stephen? Can we start again?”
“No worries.” She reached out a delicate hand. “I’m Delores Reid and I’m the nurse that has been emptying your bedpan for the past 24 hours.”
“My pleasure Delores,” I offered as I took her hand. “I mean my pleasure to meet you. And thanks for the bedpan stuff.”
“Totally not glad to help,” she winked. “But now I need to call the doctor — and your family—and take some vitals. How do you feel?” she asked warmly as she took my wrist and listened with her stethoscope.”
“Actually, I have a brutal headache. What happened? What is wrong?”
She took her iPad and jotted down some data from the beeping machines behind me. “Well, you apparently passed out at home and have been zonked out for the last day. I should let the doctor tell you all of this, but they think that there is something wrong with your head —some kind of fall you had?”
“They would not be the first to tell me there is something wrong with my head,” I mused. “I did have a fall a few weeks ago.”
“Well I’m going to tell them you are conscious and get you something for the headache,” she offered. “Good luck. And be smart Chuck,” she offered as she pirouetted and walked to the door. “If I’m not back right away it’s because I’ve gone out for a smoke.” She paused at the door. “Not,” she snapped with a frown. 
At first I didn’t get the luck and smart comment, but then the doctor, followed by a gaggle of teenagers with clipboards, swooped into the room.
“Ah,” the man announced,” I see you are back with the living.” 
I groaned. 
He wore a white lab coat with the requisite stethoscope hanging around his neck and a nametag that proclaimed Dr. Hubert Ranger, Neurology. From the fringes of white hair tufting over his ears below a shiny head, I guessed him not far off my own age. “This group of ragamuffins behind me are all interning with me. Do you mind if they observe?”
Who uses the word ragamuffin today? “Observe what?” I inquired?
“I just have a few questions before your family comes. They will be excited to see you back with the living.”
I resisted a comment about the living thing. But I told myself I would scream the next time someone uses that phrase. “I’m first doctor. What happened? What is wrong with me?”
“You passed out. We guess due to the head injury. Maybe delayed concussion. ” He checked his own clipboard. “Pickleball? What is that?” He didn’t wait for, or apparently want an answer. “We have done tests to see what is wrong. I need you to answer a few questions to assess your status.”
“Can I have something for my headache first?”
“Sure,” he turned to the interns. “Someone tell that nurse who was here to bring this gentleman something. Anyone know who she was? I didn’t recognize her as one of the regulars?” He didn’t wait for an answer. “Sorry. I just wanted to chat with you before your family came.”
“Go for it Doctor.”
“What month is it?”
I was tempted to play games with him, but I sensed he was actually serious with the question. Since the last thing I actually remember was writing my last blog on Saturday and feeling dizzy, I guessed the date and the event. “It was November 9th when I passed out. Nurse Ratchet said I was brought in yesterday so this must be November 11th?” I offered.
He never corrected her name. I guessed he doesn’t know the nurses and probably never had time for movies. “Ah. Good!”
He then proceeded to ask me all sorts of questions about my family and my life. Over the course of the half hour he learned all the things about me that you have learned over the past 25 weeks: 71 years old. Married to Brenda for 40 years. Computer Engineering degree, and MBA in HR. From Mississauga, Ontario. Retired as an IT Manager at 65. Second marriage. First to another HR person when they were 21. Met at a social for new employees. No children. Lasted two years. She was mentally ill, and subject to wild fits. Lost her job when she refused to get help. She hasn’t been seen or heard from in 45 years. Played hockey at university. Started playing golf after university. Belonged to the same country club for 40 years. Was an 8 handicap, now a 12. Volunteers with meals on wheels. Used to be a Rotarian. Reasonably healthy: gall bladder, prostate problems, a melanoma bout (on hand), heart palpitations and irregular beats. Drinks strong coffee and Irish Whiskey (too much of latter so has quit drinking—temporarily, I emphasized).
The kids kept jotting down notes and he just kept saying “Ah. Good.”
“What did you have to eat for your last meal before you passed out?”
I couldn’t remember so I told him it was a sardines and peanut butter sandwich. One of the female kids grimaced.
He didn’t miss a beat. “The last time you filled up with gas in Calgary what was the price?”
“You pay for gas? In Calgary we only pay for the carbon tax.” I guessed at $.95 a litre.
“What did you buy your grandson for his birthday?”
“Not a clue. Brenda does all of that stuff.”
Finally, he announced, “Anything else you want to tell me?”
I, of course, had figured out what he was doing. He was a neurologist, not internal medicine. And all the kids were interning in neurology. He never checked my blood pressure or looked in my eyes or anything like that. He was looking for brain dysfunction, apparently mostly memory related things. So, I started to recite in my most dramatic style:
There are strange things done in the midnight sun  
By the men who toil for gold;  
The Arctic trails have their secret tales  
That would make your blood run cold;  
The Northern Lights have seen queer sights,  
But the queerest they ever did see  
Was that night on the marge of Lake Lebarge  
I cremated Sam McGee.

And I proceeded to recite all 14 verses of The Cremation of Sam Magee. One of the physician kids actually applauded. The good doctor silenced him with an eyebrow tufted frown.
“Can I get a pill now?” I asked again. “My head is killing me.”
I was relieved when the medical entourage swept out of the room with the self-important aplomb that they entered, and Nurse Reid came into the room with a small paper cup, presumably holding at least an aspirin. “Ah. Nurse Ratchet. My saviour. Enjoy your smoke?”
“She was older, uglier, nastier and more passive-aggressive than me —not to mention white—, thank you very much,” she lectured as she handed me the pill and some water. “I don’t smoke. Just have a cold. And her name was Ratched, not Ratchet. I asked for an opioid but they only gave me a Tylenol. Too bad. You’ll need it. Your family is amassing in the hallway.”
My last thought before Brenda entered the room—followed by Graham and Donald—was that I think I am going to like this nurse. Ratched, not Ratchet.
But that is my 2000 words for this week. Next week I’ll bring you up to date on my medical diagnosis.
Have a great week. Stay out of hospitals. Unless you are just visiting.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 27: Life is about passwords
Sunday, December 1,2019
Before I start today, take a moment and Ms. Google MCI—mild cognitive impairment. And I’m going to tell you right now that I do not have this serious disorder. I ask you to do this now as a sign of respect for all of those people who actually are inflicted with some form of this disease and its various progressive forms. Like all septuagenarians I occasionally struggle with some memory things, but they are all within the boundaries of the vagaries of aging. Names —people and places—are a particular challenge, as are passwords and the honey-do list around the house. It seems like my eidetic disability doesn’t extend to ‘living in the moment’ as the army of self-help books tell me to do today. But as I talk or whine about these things in my aging life, I do not want any of you to think that I am diminishing or disrespecting those who suffer from the real diseases associated with memory and life functioning.
But I jump ahead and digress —as usual. Let me take you back to the family visit in the hospital two weeks ago. Then we can get caught up, and my weekly blogs will be more contemporary.
Donald and Laverne were the first ones to enter the room. By this time, I was up from the bed and dressed in street clothes. Apparently, some statistician somewhere has concluded that patients will die happier if they are not in their pajamas. Consequently, the hospital has a new policy to have all patients —even those whose clipboard (iPad these days) notes say they will die with a few hours—get up from bed, get dressed, and walk around in regular clothes dragging their intravenous devices behind them. I had been delivered to the hospital in my usual beige Dockers pants and a Costco golf shirt, and I had found these —and my carefully folded boxers—hanging in the small closet. The belt was gone. I guessed that they figured I was a self -destruction candidate and they couldn’t take a chance on self-immolation with a Callaway stretchy.
“Dad,” Donald exclaimed solicitously when he found me trying to hold up my pants with my right hand. “How are you? What are you doing out of bed?”
“You need to rest,” chimed in Laverne sweetly. She has never talked to me sweetly since the time I gave them a trip to Cancun as a wedding present.
“Hello,” I looked up surprised. “Who are you?”
Donald was clearly flustered, but Laverne was quick. “We are your children Dad? We have come to see how you are doing?”
“I’m fine. Just got knocked out at yesterday’s football game. Probably a mild concussion but I’ll be back for tomorrow’s game. Children? At 21 I’m too young for children. You must be fans. Right?” I winked at Laverne. “Cheerleader?”
I noticed Ratched slip into the room behind them. She gave me a stern headshake.
“Yes,” Donald recovered. “Of course. We are your best fans. Why don’t you lie down again and we can chat?”
“Sure. What do you want to know?” 
Ratched rolled her eyes and quietly shook her head “no” at me at the same time.
Laverne started. “What do you remember of the ah…game? Do you know what a password is?” 
Trust Laverne to get right to the point.
“What game?” I sat on the edge of the bed and started to pull on the white sport socks and Saucony runners I was wearing when I was admitted. “I passed out in my den yesterday. Probably as a result of that old crippleball knock on my head. Thanks for coming to check on me, but I am fine. I’ll be leaving the hospital this morning.”
They gave each other a knowing glance and were saved from a response by Brenda and Graham’s arrival. Brenda strode directly to me and gave me a long hug. “I was so worried about you.” The observation was warm and genuine. 
“I’m fine,” I comforted her. “Just a wee headache. No apparently lasting damage to anything.”
Donald and Laverne glanced at each other again, clearly bursting with a story to tell the others. 
“You did give a us a scare Dad,” Graham chimed in. “You were out cold for sure.”
“Is Lorne here as well?”
“He is looking after the kids. Apparently a large, muscled, gay guy has a way with children.” 
I laughed at his description of his partner Lorne. And the possibility that anyone could manage Donald’s two children. I can, but that is because I indulge them in any of their urges. I give them sugar, pop, gluten and play video games with them. That is probably why Laverne has stopped letting me babysit them, although that was probably decided last summer when I figured that they were both old enough to learn how to shoot a pellet gun at the annoying chipmunks in their backyard. At any rate, despite my best attempts, they are spoiled, indulged and far too Facebook-based opinionated to suit my company. Lorne can have them. They are probably dressed in the tiny suits and ties that they are required to wear for their very expensive private school (that Brenda pays for). The only time I saw Laverne cry was when 6- year old Olivia was rejected by the school. I gather that the social shame was too much for her to bear. After some blackmail by Brenda, I made a few calls and managed to get her —and subsequently the equally, thick as a brick, Noah—into the school. I made Brenda promise that no one would ever give me credit for the school’s change of heart. I don’t imagine it all ending well.
I won’t bore you with the rest of the family banter as they all professed sincere interest in my health and brain functioning. We moved from the recovery room to the small room where family usually gather for that TV moment where the compassionate doctor arrives—usually trailed by some sort of religious order— to give the latest prognosis. Like the hospital rooms themselves, the design is gagging standard: an uncomfortable chesterfield (wouldn’t want family to think that they can sleep there), a collection of colonial maple furniture (obviously a national mass purchase from the Bay when it was Hudson’s), artwork painted in a sweatshop in China, muted lighting, and—I swear this is true—music borrowed from some funeral home. The Eagles or Led Zeppelin or even Phil Collins would be better consolation to a worried or grieving family. And then there is the paint colour. Somebody must have read that pink was psychologically smoothing, so all of these rooms are either a shade of pink or wimpy blue. Finally, there is the constant antiseptic smell that even the strategically located pot pourrie can’t smother. So, I held my nose —and my meager opinion in decorating—and sat in one of the armchairs that faced the door. Brenda, Donald, Laverne took the chesterfield and Graham the other armchair. Everyone assumed that the remaining, uncomfortable looking, dining room type chair was for the inevitable bearer of news. 
First, a pleasantly smiling Ratched came to the door to announce that the doctor would be here in a moment, and was there anything she could get them? Laverne then asked her if she could get her a coffee …“ a Grande soy latte with a shot of vanilla, please.” I had already deduced that Ratched was clearly not a woman to be messed with. Her face showed the lines of decades of trouble —I guessed she was in her early 60s. She was only a bit over 5 feet, maybe 5’3 or 5’4. I wouldn’t call her heavy, but she was shaped like an undernourished pear. However, nothing apparently jiggled as she walked so I would have to say an unripe pear, firm not juicy. Her grey, frizzy hair—I’m told not dying grey hair is a growing fashion in older women today—was tied up in a bun, and as far as I could tell she wasn’t wearing make-up. Ratched paused wide-eyed, and then gave Laverne a teeth-exposing smile, “Yes Ma’am. Right away Ma’am. There is no Starbucks here so would a large, chicory infused, eau de toilette, with a shot of jism do?” And she did a body-belying pirouette on her heel and left the room. Did I tell you that Ratched was also black? More strong tea than coffee, but definitely black.
“What does jism taste like?” Laverne asked. “Is it organic?”
Donald said nothing and Graham was spitting through his nose trying to hold his laughter. The doctor saved everyone. I had already met Dr. Hubert Ranger, neurology. This time he didn’t have his entourage with him. He shook everyone’s hand and introduced himself, always emphasizing the neurology part. He is a large man in his late 60s. It seemed to me that everyone had met him before. I wondered how he could hear through the tufts of hair that encircled his bald head and covered his ears. He sat down in the dedicated Dr. chair and consulted his iPad. 
“Well, I have good news for everyone. None of the scans show any apparent brain injury from playing cripple ball.” He laughed at his own joke as if none of us had ever heard it before. “It is possible that the symptoms —unusual psychotic behavior, loss of memory, passing out—are the effects of a delayed concussion. We even have a name for it—Transient Global Amnesia. But it could also be that the passing out had nothing to do with the fall or your brain, but perhaps nothing more than a low blood pressure incident.” He looked at the iPad again. “You do have blood pressure on the low side—90 over 70—but we don’t usually see that as a bad thing so I just recommend you don’t stand up too quickly…and avoid getting overly excited.” I swear he looked at Brenda with a ‘wink, wink nudge, nudge’ as he laughed again. “So off you go home. All is well. Just let us know if this happens again.” He shook hands all around again and left the room.
Seconds after he left, Ratched returned to the room. “Sorry Ma’am,” she announced with a new accent of some sort. “They were all out of chicory. I’ll walk you out while Chuck here goes back to his room and gets his socks and shoes.” As everyone gathered up their coats she whispered “2678” to me, and told everyone to follow her.
I had no idea what 2678 meant until I got back to the hospital room to get my shoes. An iPad was lying on the unmade bed. I hit the on a button and the password screen came up. I typed 2678 and my hospital chart popped up. And I learned all about the meaning of MCI.
Hmmmm.
Chat with you next week—if I remember.
Have a great week.
Cheers
Chuck

Index



Blog 28: Back on schedule
Sunday, December 8, 2019
Good morning. Today I will keep trying to get you up to date on the missed weeks.
As you know, from last week’s blog, the good news was that there was not any apparent damage from the knock on the head. The bad news was that they really didn’t know why I passed out for 24 hours, but they proposed a diagnosis anyway. I guess that they had to find something wrong with me to justify all of that expense and attention. The bad news for me was that they shared the details of this diagnosis with my family but not me. If it hadn’t of been for Ratched I would still not know that I have been diagnosed with MCI—mild cognitive impairment. (Not Transient Global Amnesia as the Doctor told us.) I usually reserve this —and a stronger diagnosis —for politicians, but after doing some research on my own I now appreciate that reality and the implications of this diagnosis. And while I will be constantly vigilant of my own mental state and behavior I am not convinced that I deserve this description. I like the transient thing better. I think maybe my clowning around in the hospital might have been a mistake. 
But let me say it again. As I deal with this false diagnosis, I would in no way diminish the seriousness or the angst of people with a legitimate diagnosis. This MCI is a real phenomenon and has possible, long-term implications. So, as I tell you of my journey in dealing with the diagnosis, please be assured that I have the highest respect for individuals and their families that must confront this illness. However, you see, my immediate problem is not with the effects of the disorder, but with the effects of a family who are convinced that I have the disorder. You can Ms. Google MCI and get all of the indecipherable medical details, but when you boil it all down, MCI refers to memory loss in seniors. Apparently 15% or so of folks my age show such symptoms. Surprise. Surprise. Although apparently some sort of electrical brain image can show MCI’s existence, it has no treatment. Shit just happens. But the big concern with the diagnosis is that 50% of the old folks like me with MCI progress over five or more years to full blown Alzheimer’s. And interestingly, while there are drug treatments for Alzheimer’s, none of these drugs work on MCI, so if you have it, you are stuck with it. The iPad chart that Ratched let me read contained the symptoms, diagnosis and a list of what to look for in the disease progression. It also gave a warning about the dangers of memory loss in seniors and how family could help. I found the web site where someone had copied this detail. If you are really curious, there is no shortage of either anecdote or prescription in the ‘ether of misrepresentation.’ There are also all sorts of charlatans out there waiting to fleece you for some homeopathic remedy. Science has proven that there is no quick fix. 
But I guess the real question you are asking is why I think this is a misdiagnosis in my case? It is simple. As I told you before, I have no (long term anyhow) memory problem whatsoever. I never forget a name and always know the names of the movies and their actors. No “what’s his name?” from me. I can remember every golf hole I have played in the last month and the names of all of the people I played with. I can recite poetry old and new. The annoyed Neurologist can attest to that. And I never lose my car keys. If you really want to be impressed, ask me my passwords for Google, Amazon and my bank account. (Ok. I had that one episode at COSTCO, but that was a transient thing —remember Transient Global Amnesia—caused by Crippleball). Despite my stupid toying with Donald and Laverne, and my lack of common sense in my banter with the doctor, I do not show the slightest symptom of either MCI, or memory problems in general. I am eidetic remember. You can look that one up again as well, but since I was old enough to realize it, I have had what common parlance calls photographic memory, although it is not in any way photographic. It just means that when I read or look at something once, the content is retained in some distant corner of my brain and if I try, I can retrieve it. It was useful at work in remembering employee names and useful with Brenda in remembering grocery lists, but no one in my family knew I had it, or understood it as a real phenomenon. At any rate, that is why I know this is a misdiagnosis. I can retrieve the image of the doctor and his followers and describe their faces in detail, as well as the brand of the wall clock that told the time of day, and the date that they visited me. If I try hard I can read their nametags and the emotions exposed by their eyes. 
It is also reasonable for you to ask why I have never told anyone about this superpower. Ha! Got ya! It is not a super power, but because people like you will think it is, I have always kept it to myself. Apparently it is not uncommon in children under four years of age, just uncommon for eideticism to be retained as you grow older. Mine has never left me. But I learned in kindergarten that people who are different get teased…maybe even bullied. So, once I figured out that I was indeed different, I decided that no one would know about it. I would forget things like everyone else. In all of the memory- based, recall type, tests I would just get enough right to either pass or move to the next academic stage, but never enough that someone would think me a freak. Of course, I always secretly used my memory to excel in various jobs. I could read a 100-page contract and remember the typo on page 16. I remembered not just peoples’ names but also the names of their partners and children. 
Of course, in case you are having memory envy, I need to tell you this affliction isn’t all a good thing. 
In addition to the ‘freak’ label I mention above, when I first excelled at school because of my memory, everyone—teachers, friends, and parents —assumed I was a genius. The fact is, ‘genius’, as we use the term in our culture, infers more intellectual capacity than just memory. I could remember Shakespeare lines better than most, but was no more capable than the normal 15 year old of imputing some wisdom from them. I could remember a logarithm but never build a bridge with it. To avoid such unrealistic expectations, I strategically hid my memory affliction. 
The other reason this memory thing is a burden is that I don’t’ forget. For example, I can still clearly see the disappointment in my Father’s face when the teacher told my parents that I appeared to be intellectually normal. I have a YouTube video in my brain of the time when, at 12 years old, I watched my dog get run over by a bus. I relive all of the times that I was emotionally crushed by an amorous rejection. And even worse, I am haunted by the vivid memories of all the times I inflicted some emotional pain on someone else. Regrets don’t go away. Over the years I have developed strategies to parcel memories —in particular bad ones— away in some corner of my cortex, but as I age this ability is diminishing, and sometimes the bad moments in my life come back in a cascade of images. On those occasions only a good Irish or single malt could send them back where they belong.
And there is certainly no reason for my family to know about this now. So, while apparently like all of you over 70, my neurons are collapsing at an alarming rate —and I may, in fact, suffer the occasional immediate term memory loss— I am a long way from the symptoms of MCI. But back to the family and their reaction.
The only family member that I saw the week after I came home was Brenda. This was not surprising since we do actually live in the same house, although with her daily schedule of yoga, Pilates, bridge, pickleball, volunteering for Habitat of Humanity, and lunches with girlfriends we often only meet in the kitchen. I’ve described Brenda to you in an earlier blog: 62 years old. Born and Raised in Calgary. U of C all the way. Family lawyer first and then government lawyer. Second marriage. First marriage at 20 to a man who left her after a year to become a priest. Married me at 22 as an articling lawyer with a firm specializing in wives perspectives on divorce, the same year that she left the Catholic Church and became a Unitarian. Shares Laverne’s obsession for things pro health and anti- aging —as long as they are labelled natural, organic or homeopathic. Yoga obsessed. Discovered Pickleball two years ago. Does “women” discovery weekends —lately week-long trips to any location with ‘wellness’ in the label. Terrible cook. Doesn’t like housekeeping and leaves it to me (actually the cleaning lady she has never met). Currently active in the Alberta UCP party (door knocked for Kenney in the last election) and the national Conservatives. Dotes on Donald’s children. Barely tolerant of Graham and his life. And this was the week when she finally decided to add ‘mother’ to her resume. She never really had time for the mothering thing with her own children. Day care, nannies and summer camps took care of most of the bum and snot wiping events. I think she might have resented children for permanently altering her physical and mental state. An instinct told her that she had to procreate, but there was no directive instinct telling her how to mold another person’s life while at the same time preserving her own identity. Of course, I wasn’t much help in the parenting area either. I do wonder at times if our boys were simply destined to be exactly what they are today, or whether some different forms of parenting styles would have made them both into something different? I do not mean the gay thing. That is not malleable. But I do wonder sometimes if who they are and what they value might be different if Brenda and I had been different parents. I know this is the old nature-nurture conundrum, but I’m sure that all parents—even the good ones—have the same thoughts. At any rate, now Brenda appears to feel she has been given a second chance to demonstrate her mothering talents—only it is with me not the children.
“Do you have everything you need?” she sweetly asked on Tuesday morning as she was leaving for a 9 AM Pickleball clinic. “I’ve left some egg salad for a sandwich at lunch. And the coffee is already ground and in the press.” 
“Thanks,” I hid my surprise at both initiatives. She hasn’t made me a sandwich in 15 years. I didn’t even know she knew where the coffee grinder was. “Yoga class?” I knew it was pickleball.
“No Dear. It is pickleball on Tuesdays, Chuck,” she warmly replied. There was no sarcastic…How many times do I have to tell you! “And today is my weekly lunch with the bridge club. I will be home by dinner. I’ve left two steaks in the fridge thawing for a barbecue.”
“Got it. Egg salad. Coffee in the press. You are home for dinner.”
“What time do you tee off this morning?” She knows that I tee off every Tuesday morning at 10, although I have missed the last couple of weeks. (A simulator league, dummy. No outdoor golf in Calgary in December.)
“Right,” I paused and thought for a moment. “Ten!” I announced as if I just solved the New York Times Sunday Sudoku.
Brenda showed her relief. “Are you sure you are up for golf?”
“Doctor cleared it. Told me to just not get hit on the head with an errant golf ball. Tough on a simulator.”
“Not funny,” she admonished. “Have a good day.” And she was gone.
Then I noticed the notes —all the little yellow sticky notes that had once been in my desk drawer in the office. On the gas stove control panel. “Check the stove” On the front of the dishwasher. “Empty me.” That one had a happy emoji face beside it. On the pop-up lid garbage pail was an “I stink” label with a drawing of a clothespin on a nose. And there was a new glass bowl on the table at the front entrance. “Keys, wallet, phone can rest here!”
I’m not sure if I will laugh or cry if I go up to the bathroom and there is a sign above the toilet telling me to put the lid down. It turned out there was only one note telling me to hang up the towel after my shower. It was really extraordinary. The behavior went on all week. Brenda has morphed from a decidedly impatient and intolerant, long-suffering wife, to a patient and kind caregiver. I was still admonished for the stupid things a spouse does to another—forget to gas the car, leaving the kitchen counter dirty, and, of course, the toilet seat thing. But I am not yelled at for these things, just gently admonished—just the way a patient, kind and tolerant mother would deal with the deviations of a child.
I’ve lost a wife and gained a mother. I haven’t yet decided if this is a good thing or a bad thing. We’ll see what this week brings. 
See you next Sunday.

Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 29: The family pays their respects
Sunday, December 15, 2019
Good morning all. And thanks for the messages. Every time I mention memory in my blog I appear to be scratching an itch in the over 70 crowd. This time it was the comment that bad and regretful events in our lives won’t stay in their appropriate, repressed place in our brain. We old folks can actually watch —and measure—while our muscle mass deteriorates as we age, and every anti-aging site directs us to weight bearing exercise, from actually pumping iron at the gym to pushing water away from our body in a heated, chlorine stinking pool. Few YouTubes provide the same plethora of strategy to deal with the synapse deterioration. You and I know that neither 70 plus (80 minus?) Joe Biden, nor Donald Trump, should ever have their fingers on the nuclear button. But the aging and deteriorating memory that increasingly regurgitates ancient—occasionally painful —flashbacks is indeed something of a paradox. Some of you have told me that they actually feel an inverse relationship between their loss of short- term memory and the invasion of long-term events. Go figure. I’m sure there is some scientific explanation for all of that. But for the moment, I wholeheartedly agree with several readers, and I wish that those memories would only leave me alone in the middle of the night. In my experience, single malt (Irish or Scottish) can help. Good Irish and Nicaraguan rum work as well, but stay away from the nightmare gin. This is becoming especially acute at home since, as if the thing is contagious, I and my MCI have now been banned to the spare bedroom. Yes, dear readers. I have given up the self-imposed sanctimony of the alcohol abstention. However, I have mostly changed to rum from the Irish or the exorbitantly costly single malts. With rum I feel that I can have my (now banned) desert and my alcohol at the same time. And good rum is both smooth and cheap. And I’ll be damned if I’ll leave a 23 year old Flor de Cana in my cupboard to my children, who would likely mix it with Coke zero. Maybe I’ll leave it all to Katherine, since she became a legal Alberta drinker last month. But booze is a topic for another week if anyone is interested. Today I’ll fill you in on the first week home after the hospital holiday.
On Wednesday after dinner, Donald and Laverne showed up for a visit—the first one since the hospital event two weeks ago. Graham had called me every day to see how I was doing but he and Lorne had their food truck at some sort of Christmas fair near Regina so they couldn’t visit. And no one knew where Katherine was. (Remember my other 19-year-old Granddaughter?) Graham hadn’t heard from her for two months. He suggested that wasn’t unusual since she was travelling somewhere in Asia and might not have been able to call. Right. A 19 year old without access to social media? But then, as an out of wedlock mistake when Graham himself was 17, everyone in the family had never really welcomed Katherine. I didn’t tell him that she sent me regular WhatsApp updates on her travel. She was actually not in Thailand like every other young adult from North America, but the last I heard from her, in Toronto looking for her mother. I even checker the location of her iPhone since she has included me (not her father she emphasized) as a ‘Friend’ and the last I looked she was still there. Since she was old enough to question her early life history she became obsessed with finding her birth mother. Her mother’s family was originally from somewhere in the Caribbean, so when Katherine asked—as she often did—Graham explained that her mother loved her but had to go to her other family. Since none of us had heard from her mother since the day she walked out of Rockyview Hospital, leaving the baby Katherine (Graham named her after my grandmother) it seemed an appropriately comforting lie. When she finished with childhood and secondary school Kathleen announced to all that she was going to take a ‘gap year’ and travel. She told Graham it was Asia—he would never have approved of a search for the long lost mother—and armed with years of babysitting and minimum wage revenue she left in October. I bought her the first plane ticket as a birthday present so Graham would not know it was to Toronto and not Bangkok. And she was off. 
But back to last week. I knew that Donald and Laverne had some serious discussion in mind since they left their legitimate progeny at home. A good thing since right now I am having a challenge dealing with the kids. Olivia is 10 and Noah 7, and like any normal grandparent I love them. I just don’t like them. Is that ok? Can a grandparent actually not like a grandchild? I know that it is not their fault that they are rude, self-centred, dismissive and haughty. Their parents and the private school that nurtures them breeds these attitudes and behaviors. On her last visit Olivia gave me a lecture on the evils of gluten, and then, since it was a contemporary topic, explained through cavity filled teeth that Fluoride was a government conspiracy to dumb everyone down so they could be controlled. I told her it was obviously working, but she was too young to miss the point and just nodded her head up and down vigorously. Kids do not come up with that shit by themselves. 
Oops. Digressed again. To Donald and Laverne.
“Hey Dad! How ya doin!” Donald greeted me as warmly and cheerily as he could manage. I was sitting in my usual recliner in our den/TV room watching a political panel on CBC. “Don’t get up!” he admonished as I made a move to get up to greet them. He and Laverne sat on the loveseat —ironic I thought for a moment—and he repeated his greeting. “So. How are ya doin? Feelin OK?”
When he is around me Donald always talks like he is the teen attendant with the Mohawk haircut at Mr. Gas down the road from our condo. 
“Actually, never felt better. Nothing like a day of hospital food to revive the old system. Don’t like what the saltpeter they use does to my libido though.” They glance at each other, neither of them have any idea what saltpeter is, or the old rumour that hospitals in the war (the 2nd big one) put the stuff in the food of wounded soldiers to protect the virtue of young nurses.
“You know that is all fake left-wing propaganda?” Donald lectured as he glanced at the CBC logo on the TV. “And we pay for it.”
“Yeah. I just watch it for entertainment. When I really want to learn about what is going in the world I jump over to Fox. I can always catch a Trump witticism or two there.”
“At least it is balanced coverage,” Laverne pipes up.
The two of them campaigned —and probably donated some of the money I loaned them— to the United Conservative Party in the last election. They know that I campaigned for the NDP so we usually avoid deep (actually I don’t think they are capable or interested in ‘deep’) political discourse. After the UCP win, I described the new Premier as a man far more dangerous than Trump because he was much smarter—actually devious and deceptive were the descriptors. You would have thought I’d called Ghandi a child abuser. (They reserve that label for the Clintons).
“So how are the dope stocks doing these days?” I was intent on not taking their bait today. I knew that Donald, the brilliant financier had lost a lot of money on Maryjane stocks and, with money Brenda shamed me into lending him, he was now hoping to recover all loses with investments in Bitcoin and a pharmaceutical that makes something called hydrochloroquinine. 
“Lookin’ good Dad. I think once the supply problem is taken care of I think the stocks will rebound.”
“The illegal market doesn’t seem to have any problems with supply. Besides, if you really want to make money from sinful activities you should invest in fudge. I hear there is an insatiable appetite and no supply problem there. Then you could invest in the latest homeopathic pill that will cure diabetes. Get the idiots from both ends.”
They never laugh at my quips. Graham —who now makes money selling deep fried Mars bars—would have retorted with his own fringe idea and we would then commiserate on how dumb the world has become. I’m sure these two geniuses think that maybe I am half serious. Or maybe just nuts and better to not be encouraged.
“I’ll have to investigate that,” Donald replies without a smirk. “ But we really came today to see how you were doing.” He glanced at Laverne and she gave him a slight nod. “And to discuss what contingencies you have made for the future?”
I do know why they are here, and I know that they have worked all of this out with Brenda. This is going to be entertaining. But first I have to back up and explain a little more about Brenda —and her views on the future. Even before the little passing out episode, Brenda had a certain preoccupation with dementia. I’m sure it stemmed from the fact that her father had early onset Alzheimer’s —started in his fifties— and he died at 62 not knowing what planet he lived on. It was terrible time for both Brenda’s mother and the four kids—Brenda was the youngest at 18 when he died. It was made even more complicated by the fact that her Dad had refused —when he was capable—to make any contingency in a will or anything else for his cognitive decline. Assets that only he managed were frozen for years. I gather that it was tough emotionally, mentally and financially on the whole family. At any rate, as soon as I turned 50 she developed what I felt was an unhealthy preoccupation with my memory. I purposely kept the fact that I was somewhat eidetic from her because then she would look even more deeply into any perceived mental lapse. So not hanging up my shower towel, forgetting to put down the toilet lid, or forgetting the name (I could always remember the colour of their shirt and whether they had straight or crooked teeth) of someone I met once three years ago became warning signs, rather than a normal human, old person idiosyncrasy. Every man who neglects to put down a toilet seat is not on a dementia track (unless you consider constantly pissing off your wife a stupid, mindless thing to do.)
“I’m worried about you,” she would exclaim more than once as I forgot a name, or couldn’t remember an address.
The obsession has turned into more concrete action now, and I’m sure some of that is what Donald and Laverne were here to chat about. 
My 2000 words are almost used up, so I’ll give you more details in another blog this week. And keep sending me your own thoughts. I love reading them even if they never show up in my own blogs.
Chuck

Index



Blog 30: The Brain drain contingency.
Sunday, December 15,2019
Good Sunday morning again!
I’ll continue telling you about the meeting with Donald and Laverne the Wednesday after I got home from the hospital. 
Brenda and I have prepared our estates for our eventual demise. Simply due to the fact that I am much older we have assumed that I would go first, so I have ensured that she will have a steady income from both my company pension and my investment account. She has her own sources of income as well, but on their own they would not support her lifestyle. It isn’t all that complicated; make sure both of our names are on everything—property (only the condo now), investment accounts and so on. I die? She gets it all. I (not her) have prepared a DNR (The do not resuscitate thing. I suspect you all know what this is.). After recent court decisions in Canada, I also had my lawyer (and golf buddy Pete) prepare a document that gives her the authority to take over life ending decisions if I am judged (by whom?) as incapable of deciding on my own when to die. I think I have this sunset of life thing well under control. However, Laverne and Donald have another perspective. Keep in mind now that Laverne gets her prescriptions from Gwyneth Paltrow and Donald failed grade 10.
As Laverne sits down on the loveseat I try and imagine that she has a jade rock stuck up her vagina. I wonder if she crosses her legs it will drop out onto the Himalayan —or was it Rajasthan—wool rug Brenda paid thousands for last year to one of Laverne’s spiritual advisors. (I had the fibre tested. It is Polyester from Guangzhou, although I never told Brenda). Laverne always treats me with a certain disdain. It is like the way a devoutly religious person looks at you if you are one of the many variations of what they would refer to as a heathen. (Usually only Christians do this. Most other religions don’t give a shit what you believe, and only care about their own devoutness.) You can hear them saying to themselves as they fake smile, “You poor individual. You haven’t seen the light…as I have.” In Laverne’s case, I have simply given up trying to point her to such unreliable fact sources as contemporary science. I gave her Caufield’s book “Is Gwyneth Paltrow Wrong About Everything?” for Christmas last year and was roasted by Brenda for not being sympathetic enough to Laverne’s spiritual needs. “You need to be more accepting of diversity as you grow older,” she admonished. “What does crap have to do with age?” I replied, becoming increasingly sensitive myself to any suggestions that age puts some kind of haze over the truth. And Christmas will soon be upon us, so I’m going to have to think of something equally deep and thoughtful for Laverne this year.
Donald isn’t a bad person. Just one of average intelligence making every effort to pretend he has some special intellectual gifts that launch unique insights —dumb ideas actually—into his pea size brain. Apparently he and Laverne meditate each night after the kids go to bed —presumably just before they watch the Simpsons and he gets to take the rock from her vagina. In truth none of his financial ideas are original, just fringe. I took his list of investing ideas he was claiming came to him in his meditative trance (more likely the birch tree gum tea they drank every night) and with a perfunctory search (IT guy remember) found the investment newsletter written by some nut living on a commune in California. I suspect that Donald is one of 12 subscribers to his illiterate advice newsletter, so he feels quite safe to claim selective ideas as his own. Over the past three years Donald has tried me to get to invest in bottled mud from a dried up lake in Peru, a new energy technology using cow farts, a human thermometer that measures by reading your magnetic aura, shoes that are made from Safeway bags (actually not a bad one). And then of course there are the bitcoin, Maryjane and pharmaceutical investments. The latter based upon some hot tips from his MAGA friends in the USA. I have no idea if he foisted this stuff on his clients. I suspect that the firm he works for would frown on him flogging anything else other than the four rip-off mutual funds they manage. And I doubt that any of those fringe investments would pay for the all-expense-paid trips he and Laverne take somewhere warm every winter.
Donald failed grade 10 because he could neither read nor write at an adult level. Intensive rote drilling got him through the math stuff, although he still has no idea how numbers are magically related to each other. Fibonacci is a small town in Italy they visited on one of their mutual fund, paid-for trips. Brenda had him tested for every kind of learning disability identified, but the results all said the same thing. Donald should stick to comic books and sitcom TV. Through excessive parental involvement (Brenda rewriting his assignments) he made it through high school. Fortunately, he was also a gifted athlete and was admitted to a small college in Michigan to play hockey. With the assistance of an essay writing businesses and a college that respected hockey success over academic success, he graduated with a business degree (the whole hockey team apparently got the same degree.) Armed with the degree and a hockey reputation, and more importantly a golf one, he was offered a job with a Calgary investment operation. They wanted salesperson without much conscience, and Donald proved to be the perfect employee. Entertaining in the company Calgary Flames box or with the corporate membership in the exclusive Calgary Golf and Country club were right up his alley. 
I love him, but I knew he was still as thick as he was in grade 10.
And these are the two geniuses—apparently with Brenda’s approval—who are now going to give me some advice.
“Dad,” Donald timidly began. “First of all, know that Laverne and I are concerned and care about you. The ‘passing out’ event has scared us. We don’t want to lose you quite yet.” He tried to laugh as if that was a joke.
Laverne’s head bounced up and down like a Trump bobble head.
“Ha,” I went along with the joke. “I’m not going anywhere yet kids. I suspect that you will have to tolerate me for a while yet.”
“Blessed day,” Laverne announced. A strange phrase I thought.
“Yup. They think I just had some kind of virus (a lie). But all tests are normal.”
“However,” Donald cautiously intervened. “The doctors report did suggest some measure of cognitive decline?”
Donald didn’t think that term up himself. Brenda has coached him. 
“You mean they think I am losing my mind?” I didn’t try and explain to them the little game I had played with the doctor. I now regret that stupid move.
“At your age we could certainly anticipate some normal decline Dad,” Laverne warmly informed me. 
I wanted to tell her that’s true, but I still have a long way before I get to your level. I should have told you before that Laverne was from some sort of fundamental Christian family who farmed near Lethbridge. She and her brothers —idiots all of them—had all been homeschooled and were appalled when no public Alberta university or college would admit them directly into the program of their choice. They all attended a 300- student, faith, (although publicly funded—only in Alberta you say?) university that only cared about their beliefs not their knowledge. Then they were all enraged when no place in the country would admit them to any graduate or professional school. The boys went back to Lethbridge to farm and breed more idiots. Laverne took a temporary job as a food cart driver at the golf course and instantly assessed Donald as the perfect match for her own level of unawareness. She had not counted on a father in law like me when she said yes to Donald. 
I was polite —tried to be polite.
“True enough Laverne,” I sighed. “I can only hope that I have started my decline with enough neurons to make it until I shuffle off this mortal coil.” From puzzled looks I could see that neither of them had met a Monty Python parrot. “What can I help you with today?
Donald took a deep breath and jumped right in. “We want you to give us power of attorney.”
I paused and appeared thoughtful. In actuality I was counting to ten very slowly so that I wouldn’t say anything I would regret forever. Despite their challenges they are still my family and I do love them.
“You mean give the two of you immediate decision-making power over all of my assets?” I calmly inquired.
“I know this might seem a little extreme, Dad,” Donald explained. “But I —our firm—has had clients go into deep cognitive decline (Brenda again) and make no provisions for investment decisions. It leaves a mess for the family to deal with. Often in court. We are just trying to avoid this.”
They do mean well. And in the scope of their knowledge and perspectives this seems just the right thing to do. I can’t at this point try and explain what eidetic means, or that I was joking with the doctor about forgetting things. Or that I am confident that at this point I show nothing more than normal signs of mental aging. Or that the testing so far of the crippleball bump shows no brain effect—at least that can be detected. (No MRI yet.) It was at this point that I decided that I would not discourage my family assumptions about cognitive decline, as Donald describes it. I’m not sure why I decided this course of action. Maybe it is just the contrariness in me. Or the curious? Or the mischievous? So I didn’t send them packing with laughter and a put down.
“Thanks for the thought kids. I will give it some serious thought. Maybe talk to your mother about it? Maybe consult with Peter Sawyer, my lawyer, about the best way to do it?”
I thought that they were both going to pass out from relief. This was clearly not what they expected. I have to say I admired their courage at least for giving this proposal a try.
“That’s all we ask Dad,” Laverne gushed. “Give it some consideration. We love you and are always here for you.”
They each got up from the loveseat and gave me a standing-to-sitting hug as if I was in a wheelchair. And then they were gone with a spring in their step and visons of Dad’s sugar plums dancing in their financial heads.
I poured myself three fingers—vertical—of a that 23 year old Flor De Cana.
Brenda and I haven’t had the discussion yet. And I have not consulted Pete about the proposal. He would get such a laugh from the idea he probably would not bother charging me his usual $500 per hour consulting fee. From my perspective the episode showed the perspective my family —I’m not sure about Graham yet—has about my mental state. And it helped establish my way of dealing with their perceptions…playing along.
And then this week, I get another shock. But I’m out of space. I promise to try and do two weeks next Sunday so we can be caught up. 
Have a great week all. See you next Sunday.
Cheers
Chuck
Index




Blog 31: Merry Christmas…A Cuckoo’s Nest
Sunday, December 22,2019
Good morning all. Thanks so much for the messages. It appears that some (a few) of you don’t approve of my disrespect for either Gwyneth or religion. Surpriiise. Surpriiiise. (Anyone remember Gomer Pyle?) It appears that the same people complain about my comments on both. This makes sense, since their perspectives are based mostly on fiction and require blind faith to accept. So be it. This is my blog not yours, so go share your vitriol elsewhere. Some of you have asked if I have a Facebook page they could follow. I assume that means is there a place where they can post abuse for everyone to read. One of my author friends recommend that I avoid any social media related to my Blog since that would only attract the trolls and clicktivists that think they can change the world with one hateful post after another. So, the hate (didn’t Jesus say we should all love each other?) will never be made public on my Blog. I assume that with lack of exposure you will soon bore of sending me the notes that I send straight to the trash symbol.
A couple of you asked if I would chat a bit more about golf. It appears that you have disregarded my advice to stick to cribbage and euchre and have decided that golf can help fill your retirement time. Since I am always glad to pontificate on golf, I will do two Blogs this week; one another golf blog, and one a continuation of the family story. But first, the events of this week. Then I will post a subsequent blog about golf so that those of you who have no interest in the game can skip that blog.
You might remember that my retirement week is usually a routine of walks, food shopping (I do all of the food shopping in the family), managing my investment portfolio (all passive ETFs), golf (try for two simulator games a week with friends), reading (Globe in the morning, junk novels…think Jack Reacher…in the afternoon), too much coffee, Netflix at night, and when I get bored I do some on line research and shopping. As I told you, I’m also trying to learn how to juggle (not going well), and pretend to play the guitar. The end of Pickleball left a hunk of empty time, but like water flooding our basement a few years ago, the low points of time were quickly filled by other interests. The week after the hospital event I lay low and endured the cards and condolences of family and friends. (I wonder what would be different if something really bad happened to me.) I get the feeling that there was a lot of chatter about my state of affairs going on behind my back, but the first week I went along with the expectation that I was somehow a lesser human being after the event. For example, the visit by Donald and Laverne. And I let Brenda try and do the shopping that week, although her mother never taught her to shop around the outside aisles of a Safeway, not the inside. But by the third week (last week) I tried to get back to normal routine. Tried is the operative word here. Without my approval, Brenda actually used one of those food delivery services to deliver 6 dinners to our house. (Essentially they pick a recipe, do the grocery shopping and deliver it all in a carboard box. You —me, actually—still have to chop, dice and cook. And they charge as much as a good pub meal. Go figure.) And Brenda hovered. I fried some eggs for breakfast and while I was eating, (she just has green, mucous, smoothies for breakfast) I caught her out of the corner of my eye checking the stove. I know she skipped one of her three bridge club events. She didn’t give up any Pickleball however. Hmmm. At least I could control my walking routine. I try for 5k three times a week, although using the Costco hiking poles seems too old-person to me, so I saunter with the ‘upper crust’, gentleman’s, cane I picked up on a business trip to England ten years ago. It has a tapered, dark wood of some sort stem and an ivory coloured bulb at the top. (I assume some plastic compound, but it could be an elephant or rhino or narwhale for all I know). For fun, I took a ‘cane self-defense’ class on the same time I bought the thing. Only in England you say? I often imagine myself flailing it like that stick thing (Jambon?) in martial arts movies against an imaginary assailant who is attacking an apparently frail old man. Whack! Take that you degenerate. I walk alone and even during that hovering-week, Brenda didn’t come with me.
At any rate, by the end of that week, I knew that this type of schedule and solicitousness could not continue. At least I could control the walking and the golf (to put to rest any concerns from my buddies I played the best simulator game I had played in years. Technology likes me.). But I couldn’t control Brenda’s strategy to deal with her perceptions of my afflictions. She asked one evening if the doctors had checked for Parkinson’s? She spends too much time on line.
That brings me to Monday morning of this week. Brenda had left after breakfast to go to a morning of Pickleball. She was surprisingly cheerful and gave me a peck on the cheek as she bounced out the back door with her gym bag over her shoulder. “See you by dinner time. Have a great day.” She was leaving me alone all day in my afflicted state? Ha. I’m free. I had just poured the second cup of a Starbucks Breakfast Blend coffee that Brenda would have chided me for, when the front doorbell rang. As I told you, we live in a one level condo in a semi gated type community of mostly retired and senior folks. Two of our senior couple friends bought here as well after—like us— they sold the suburban monolith where we barbecued, commuted, and raised children. The places were a functional design: two bedrooms (how many 70 plus couples admit that the second bedroom is not for guests?) and den on the same entry level as the open area kitchen, dining and living room level. With the 70- inch TV in the living room we can watch Jeopardy together while eating our box-delivered dinner. They all have finished basements to hold the exercise machines that no one ever uses, and each has a separate double garage accessed by the back door in the kitchen —with lots of storage for the junk that our children will have to get rid of one day. As Brenda exited that back door to that double garage, the front doorbell rang. This was an unusual event since you need a four-digit code to get the gate to open to our community. Whomever was there had the code. A neighbor maybe, I thought as I went to door, leaving my coffee to cool by the French press.
“Good morning Chuck,” the woman cheerfully offered from the front porch. “Remember me?”
“Delores Reid. What a pleasant surprise.” I smirked as I saw Nurse Ratched standing at the open door with her hands on her hips. “Run out of old men to torture?”
“Sort of. You got coffee?” She snorted as she waited for me to invite her in from the cool December morning.
You might remember that I am not a big man—5 feet 8 feet, 175lbs at my hockey playing weight and not much different today, although the weight location has shifted somewhat, and apparently I’ve shrunk by half an inch or so. On the other hand, the sixty year old something Ratched is shaped like a 5 feet tall Mr. Potato head — with a Brillo pad on his head. I didn’t say anything, just smiled inquisitively, nodded and stood aside as she glided past me, chucked her floppy snow boots, sauntered through the living room, plopped herself down in my easy-boy and grabbed the TV remote. “70 inches. Cool. You got Netflix? That will help.”
“Help what?” I stayed guarding the still open door, with some misguided notion that she would suddenly get up, grab her footwear and flop away. Maybe I shouldn’t have had that second coffee. I’m must be having a caffeine allusion. Should have stuck to tea—green.
“Help you and me—maybe only me?—pass the time together.” She smiled at me as she started cruising through our cable channels with the remote. “How about that coffee?”
“Right away Ma’am,” I intoned as I walked to the kitchen area, started the kettle and prepared the French press. “Starbucks Breakfast Blend OK?”
“Oh. We are going to get along real well Chuck,” she yelled back through the sound of screaming women on some game show. “At least $2000 you silly wag,” she yelled at the screen. “Double, double please Chuck. 5% and brown sugar if you have them.”
I was quiet as she watched TV and I prepared the coffee. I tried to figure this scene out. I always like to go into any conversation or negotiation with a little more preparation—more knowledge and forethought—than my opposition. After a few moments putting things together I thought I had it figured out. Someone —Brenda?— gave her the community gate code. If she plans to spend time here she is not working for the hospital anymore. She is a nurse. My family thinks I am nuts. Bingo. Now I can have a rationale chat with this woman.
“So how are things at the hospital?” I probed my thesis.
She turned off the TV. “Daytime TV is the biggest obstacle to gender equality in North America,” she exclaimed. “Even Ellen largely features screaming women who evacuate their brains for an hour. Who would seriously put any one of them on a corporate board?”
“ Sure,” I offered. “Maybe they should watch ‘Fast and Furious 7’ instead.” This is apparently a favorite movies series of Donald and his men friends. They watch it is his garage turned into a combination entertainment and auto shop, although no oil has ever dripped on his floor from a clutch change as far as I can tell.
“Play golf?” she changed the topic and nodded to the ‘hole- in- one’ trophy on the mantlepiece above our gas fireplace.
“Occasionally,” I cautiously reply.
“Another sedative for the brain,” she announced. “Invented by men who think bagpipes make music.”
I did laugh at that one. I thought I had heard every golf joke out there. One of my usual foursome was born in Scotland so he will appreciate that quip.
“Have you figured out why I am here Chuck?”
“I think so. But maybe you could fill in the blanks?” I sat down on the chesterfield and sipped my coffee. “Let’s start with the hospital thing?”
She slurped her coffee. I hate slurping.
“Ok. They thought that it was appropriate for me to be a real nurse in order to take care of their patients. They didn’t think a nursing degree from Grenada cut it.”
“How did you use a fake degree to get hospital accreditation?”
“It isn’t fake. Just maybe not as rigorous as one from Mount Royal University. Good coffee Chuck. A little less sugar next time. Need to watch my weight you know.”
You couldn’t miss her weight, I thought, as she slurped again.
“On my application I said I was black, a Caribe Indian from Antigua, Muslim, gay and had a physical disability. I couldn’t miss.”
“Are any of them true?”
“Yeah,” she smirked. “Except the black part. I am really white, just have a good tan.”
I laughed. “I guessed that.”
“I’m not Muslim. Nothing religious anymore. Definitely not gay. My grandmother told me once we had Caribe ancestors although the tribe was totally wiped out by the end of the 18th century. There were no Caribe Indians in Antigua. And I may be slightly overweight, but I’m fast, so keep your hands to yourself.”
I thought about how she glided past my doorway guarding and agreed that she might be more lithe than her shape suggests. “I’ll try and resist the temptation,” I replied with a deep serious voice. “Ok. So, the hospital canned you?”
“Right. Had a minor difference of opinion about my capabilities to care for old people.”
“Right. So how did you get from there to here?” I think I knew, but I wanted to hear the details from her.
“Your family hired me to be your care giver?”
I had figured that but I was still curious. “OK. Two more questions. What makes you think I need care, and why would my family hire a fake nurse who was just fired? As far as I know, neither my son or my wife has a particular concern for equity.”
“First question. Your hospital medical chart says that you might have early stage dementia and need to be watched all the time or you might hurt yourself or others.”
I was flabbergasted. I didn’t read that on that iPad. It certainly explains the behavior of Brenda, Donald and Laverne over the past few weeks. “How did that happen? I joked with the Doctor but that was all.”
“I wrote it.”
“What?”
“I wrote it. I thought it would be funny. I just wrote in all of the symptoms that I did remember from one of the real courses I took. The doctor was so busy she didn’t even look at what I wrote. I didn’t realize that my comments would be digitized so quickly and become part of your medical record. Sorry about that.” 
“Ok. What about the second question? Why would my family hire a fake?” I asked. 
“Not a fake,” she admonished. “Just a little knowledge deprived.”
“Ok. Why did my family hire a knowledge deprived —and lying—nurse to look after me?”
“Mon,” she started to speak in a pronounced island lilt. From her mother comment I guessed Antigua. “ My Union made sure I got a good recommendation from the hospital. And no mention of Grenada. Who wants a public legal case with a big bad organization persecuting a black, immigrant, Muslim, gay, disabled employee. Your family thinks they are hiring Albert Schweitzer. Or maybe Norman Bethune for Canadians? Eh?”
I was starting to realize that there was more to this woman than TV game shows. I was hesitant. “And, of course, you will now tell them that I am fine? That I have no measurable diminishing mental capacity? That you faked the medical report?” I paused. “And then you will go ruin someone else’s life at another hospital?”
“Nope,” she announced as she turned the TV back on. “I need a job. And looks like this might be good gig. Good TV. Good coffee. And nobody to care for.”
“I’ll tell them you are fake.”
“The hospital will refute you. And I’ll make up some juicy stories about your diminished mental capacity that it seems to me your family really wants to believe. I was taught the symptoms with my fake degree after all. Your claims will only make you appear more delusional.” She handed me her coffee cup. “Could I get a refill? Easy on the sugar this time.”
I stood up from the loveseat. “One more question Ratched. Do you think I am showing those signs? Do actually I have early stage something?”
She twisted in the recliner to look up at me and laughed. “Ha. Not a chance. You remembered my name didn’t you?”
I was silent as I gave her another coffee and retreated to my den with my own coffee. I needed to take some time to absorb all of this. 
Today, as I write this on a sunny, pre-Christmas, December, Sunday morning four days later, she is outside sitting in my living room drinking her usual double double and reading on my iPad. (She bribed me to get the password to the pad and our Internet.) She has charmed Brenda with her melodious lilt, and the best curry chicken either of us have ever eaten (sorry Graham). And now that Ratched is here to make sure that I don’t burn the house down or leave the bathroom tap running, Brenda feels free to do whatever she wants with her day. I guessing there will be a lot more Pickleball in her life over the next while.
I wonder what surprises this week will hold? Sorry for going over the 2000 words, but I wanted you to get the whole story in one chunk. I’ll post this and then do another golf blog next week as promised. Although my golf thoughts are as philosophical as instructional, if you detest golf you can ignore it and wait until the next Sunday for an update on Chuck’s sorry life.
Have a great week! See you next Sunday.
Chuck
Index



Blog 32: The only innovations in golf today
Sunday, December 29,2019
Enough of this morbid memory stuff.
Thanks for the notes. I hope that everyone had as quiet and uneventful Christmas as I did. Ha! And it is comforting to hear that your family lives are as complicated as mine. Please remember that nothing I tell you is a complaint. My life is good and every day I am grateful that I have actually hit 70—unlike too many old friends. Several of you —all women apparently— asked me to go back to the golf stuff. Other than my advice to never play your husband—and certainly never beat him— I’m not sure I have any great wisdom. But I will share my own experiences if they will help.
I used to like playing golf. For over 50 years I had been enjoying time in the out of doors (I know, Mark Twain…a good walk spoiled) with family and friends. I almost never remembered a score or a bad (or good?) hole after a round was done. Except, of course, the 3 hole-in-ones, and the 3rd flight championship in 1981. To put it another way, I had it all in perspective—family, work and then hobbies, and golf was perhaps distracting hobby number 3 after playing hockey and jamming with my guitar.
Then I retired— and then hit 70. 
At a certain age all of us reach one of those tipping points that Gladwell talks about, where we either go forward or go back. This is the point where we decide that it is fruitless to try and get better at anything because by the time we make any differential improvement we will either be too old to do it any more… or be dead. Why practice my guitar anymore if I never jam again or if my fingers are too stiff to walk the frets? Impact sports are certainly off the list. I know, we all read about that sanctimonious 74 year old who goes back to university to become a brain surgeon—or runs marathons at 86—because they always wanted to do it but the kids and work (or more likely husband) got in the way, blah blah. But by and large, most of us septuagenarians are simply fighting the inclination to give up and let age do its thing. At a certain point we just get too tired to care.
Not me, I said to myself on my 70th birthday. I decided I would learn the Irish tin whistle (I had visions of jamming in a smoky Irish pub while people bought me constant rounds of Guinness), learn to juggle (entertain grandkids?), and finally after 50 years of playing the game of golf I decided to actually study it. Big mistake. Over the past year I have read every golf instruction book I could get my hands on, subscribed to 6 golf magazines (Press Reader and my library card brings them to my iPad). And, of course, YouTube is littered with instructional videos from all over the world. I even read every golf novel I could find. (Remember? I told you that they are mostly crap except for P.G. Wodehouse and D.G. Marshall’s, The Sand Trap—available for a buck or two on Amazon. It is actually about a Canadian woman.) And now I hate —no not hate— I fear the game. After countless hours at the range and trying every “key” to a perfect swing I am so mentally messed up I can hardly swing the club.
How did this happen? I started with the concern that I didn’t have my grip, stance and ball position correct. So Ms. Google helped me find instruction to aim the V’s of my grip to the middle of my body, to aim them at the right and left shoulders, and another telling me to aim one right and one left. I was told to always place the ball off my front heel, to always play it off the middle of the stance, and to always move the ball with each club. I was concerned that I didn’t start my swing properly and I was told to make a forward press with my hands, kick my left knee back, and twist my head to the right. I was told to start the downswing either with my hips, with my forearms, with my right shoulder or with my left toe. I was told to keep my head still or to just keep my eye on the ball. And so on and so on. By last spring my head was so full of contradictory advice I was literally paralyzed over the golf ball. 
And I feared my weekly games with my friends.
Consequently, I go back to some advice I gave early in these blogs. If you have never played the game, try lawn bowling. And I doubly caution you to never take up the game with a spouse (especially a wife, since she will undoubtedly be much better than you.) If you now think you can become a better golfer (one of old guys at my club actually thought he could make the Tour Champion’s Tour), forget most instruction. If you feel you must go to YouTube, stick to Canadian Shawn Clement’s ‘Wisdom in Golf” videos. Good stuff. But enjoy, don’t obsess. 
However, now to the substance of today’s blog. If you really feel you need to put a little whimsy into your golf adventures, I have two ideas for you. I tried them both the past year, mostly in order to take my mind off all of the other swing mechanics contradictions. It worked and the fun (not the scores!) is back in the game.
The first idea is two give single —or one length— irons a try.
You can get more details from Lady Google, but the concept is simple: (if anything in golf can be considered simple) every iron— from sand wedge to 5 iron—is identical except for the loft of the face. Most users have them at 7 iron length, the heads weigh 272 grams, have lie of 62.5 degrees and you can have any shaft flex you choose. There are even single length hybrids. The concept isn’t new, it is just that new club manufacturing methods make them easier to make, and half a dozen companies (Cobra the most well-known) now market them. I chose Pinhawks because they were a third of the cost of the others. Search on line and you can get a full 8 club set custom made and delivered to your door for under $600. The theory is that since they are all the same you only need one swing. You hit every iron like it is a 7 iron.
The verdict? Well, first of all, since I am both old and starting with an imperfect swing my results can’t be easily extrapolated. A bad swing last year is a bad one this year. Having said that, the experiment has been fun. For most of the season I cared less about my score, just experimenting with the concept. For what it is worth, here are my conclusions. I was surprisingly better with the higher lofted clubs—A,PW,9,8,7. They went higher, straighter and landed softly. I haven’t hit a 5 iron well in 20 years. And at this point (only one season) I haven’t got used to the lower flight of the 5 and 6. Hybrids (4 and 5) are exceptional. High and straight. Swing easy and watch them fly. A big surprise was the short (under 50 yards) work. I was chipping better with the A wedge, and I have started using the hybrid for the shots a few feet off the green for long roll chips. 
Again, you can read much more about these clubs on line if you want, but do it to have fun and try something new, not to find the golf score elixir. For a newbie, starting with these clubs would be a great idea. For the struggling seasoned golfer, put a little unknown (other than where the ball usually flies) into your game.
The second fun thing to try is in putting. Putting is a fascinating part of the game of golf, since it is one part of the game that any rank amateur can be as good at as any ranked pro. There are as many putting styles —and putter shapes— as personalities. Putting makes professionals champions, and drives Sunday golfers insane. The fun thing for us old guys is that it is the one area (chipping as well) that can compensate for the distance loss with drivers and irons. The fun thing for the newbie is that you can pick up your ball anytime and throw it on the green and be back in the game. If you are a steady two putts a hole —occasional one putt— golfer you might ignore my suggestion today. If you have as many 3 putts as 2 putts, listen up.
As I mentioned in a previous blog, start side saddle—or face on— putting. Again, I won’t give you a lesson here. You can look it up on line to get the details. I am just here to tell you that it works. After a full season, the only putts I miss are misreads of the greens. The ball goes exactly where I aim it. You can buy some of these putters on line, but I made my own. Where the usual putter (ordinary or the banned belly) is usually about 20 degrees off vertical, the side saddle will be about 10 degrees. I went to Kijiji and a local used club store and picked up a few of the discarded, now illegal, belly and chest, broomstick or long putters for a few bucks. These types of putters are important since most are centre shafted and what is called face balanced (look it up). I put them in my vice and bent the shaft (at the head) to be 10 degrees off centre. You and also buy ‘broomstick’ putter adaptors and pull the shaft and then use these adaptors. My conclusions? If the pros start using this technique it will be banned. For long time traditional putter folks it will take some practice. For newbies it is natural and easy. (Grandkids will get immediately). Traditionalists think it is cheating. Your girlfriends (golfing ones) will laugh at you. Everyone on the practice putting green will want to try it.
So, these are two ideas to put a little fun back into the game. As for the entire Internet, the best swing advice I came across was, “Look at the target. Look at the ball. Hit the ball to the target.”
Go back to having fun. Read only golf novels. Tear up the scorecards. 
However, remember this week’s blog isn’t really about golf; it is about getting old and giving up. I may not get any better at golf (will assuredly get worse), but I’m still going to experiment and work at it. Remember the Pablo Casals quote I gave you a few weeks ago? When asked why he still practiced the cello at 90 his answer was simply, “to get better of course.” Go buy those new walking shoes you always wanted. I’m told the fiberglass composite Pickleball racquets will make a big difference. You can still buy green bananas.
And, as always, if you have a question or comment let me know.
Next week I’ll be back to the family stuff. 
Have a great week.
Chuck.
Index



Blog 33: Happy New Year—Settling into dementia
Sunday, January 5,2020
Good morning everyone. (‘Everyone’ makes it sounds like there are a lot of you!)
I’m glad to hear that some of you have caught the golf influenza. I’m told that CBD oil rubbed on your putter shaft can cure it. Speaking of CBD, for those of you who are out of touch with the world, this is being touted as the latest cure all for everything that ails us. The stuff is now legal in Canada and you can get with or without THC (the stuff that makes you high), in oil, cream or salve at your local cannabis store. These stores have popped up on the corner of very shopping area in Calgary. Of course, the windows are all blacked out, so shelves of all sorts of cannabis products can’t tempt the innocent. I’m amazed at all of the boomers I know who laugh at the health antics of GOOP, yet seriously discuss the miracle of a CBD cream rubbed on a tennis elbow. For some reason, for those of us who are experienced with the magic of the plant, the various iterations of the hemp plant seem less exotic than Reiki cures.
But I get ahead of myself. 
I came home from my bi-weekly trip to the golf simulator (nothing like a device to show you all the details —spin, loft, speed etc.—of your poor golf shot to lift your spirits) to find Ratched and Brenda struggling to carry a large, MEC, soft sided, faded, travel bag down the stairs to our bungalow/condo basement. We don’t use the basement space much. There is another full bathroom and an open area with a pull out chesterfield, TV and small round table with four chairs. I once used the table and the space for a weekly poker game until Pete lost $100 in a nickel and dime game, and refused to come back again. He is a multi- millionaire so it was the loss of dignity, not money —or perhaps the realization that although a smooth lawyer, he is a rotten poker player—that broke up our weekly game. In my case, since I am a card counter (eidetic, remember) playing poker with my buddies wasn’t really fair to them, or a challenge to me. At any rate, the basement has been largely unused over the past few months since Katherine left. When Katherine finished high school (and formally announced that she was travelling for a year), Graham and Lorne shifted operation to Calgary, sold their 50s bungalow in Edmonton, and rented a soon to be demolished, one bedroom house in the Brentwood neighborhood. Katherine then set up camp in our basement as she planned her travels. But that was three months ago. More on Katherine later. Today is about that MEC suitcase.
“Can I help?” I offered sarcastically. “Is someone moving in?”
“We got it Chuck,” Brenda announced as the two of them twisted the bag around the corner in the basement stairs and slid the bag the rest of the way to the floor.
I followed them down and found the room reorganized. The table, chairs and chesterfield were all realigned to face the 65-inch TV. There were half a dozen, moving-type, cardboard boxes stacked along one wall. Several stacks of books covered the top of my poker table. I glanced into the bathroom and noticed that the small countertop was hidden by an array of paraphernalia —bottles, tubes and brushes.
“Are we collecting items for a garage sale?” I offered. “Or a trip to the new-to- you store?”
“Chuck,” Brenda smoothly explained. “Delores had to move out of her apartment so I offered her our basement until she finds another place.”
Ratched silently dragged the MEC bag over to a dresser that wasn’t there this morning.
“How kind of you,” I cooed, with a dagger stare to Ratched. “Why don’t we leave …Ms. Reid… to sort out her stuff here and go upstairs?”
“What the hell are you doing?” I tried not to yell when we were upstairs in the kitchen. Yelling is not in my character (until recently apparently) and it would likely be assumed that I am having another episode. “We don’t need someone living in our basement.” I paused. “Except Katherine, of course.”
“Why do you always make exceptions for that girl?” Brenda took the opportunity to change the channel. “ She left the place a mess. And shows no inclination of doing anything responsible in her life.”
She was right about the mess. Domestic things will never be Katherine’s strong point. “You mean maybe she should get a business degree and make a career of ripping off old people?”
“No Canadian except Margaret Atwood can make a living from being a writer. She should be forced to get a real education and a real job. Not prancing around the world God knows where.”
I ignored all of that. Katherine does want to be writer. But who knows what they want at 18? She could have much worse aspirations. And fortunately Brenda has no idea what Katherine is actually doing on her travels. That would really produce a rant. “Forget Katherine, Brenda,” I quietly ordered. “What is going on downstairs?”
“I told you,” Brenda responded defensively. “She needed a place to stay. And you need some care. Seems to me to be a win-win.”
“Win for you maybe. But let’s start with the care thing and then move to good old Delores in our basement. Why do you think I need looking after?”
“Chuck,” she solicitously offered. “Dear, (extra solicitously) we all love you and it is clear that you are having some challenges. We just want to make sure you are safe.” 
I love the ubiquitous ‘we’ that people use when they want to deflect a discussion away from themselves. “Challenges? What Challenges? And who is we?”
Brenda opened a drawer under the small desk-like work area in the kitchen and pulled out a sheaf of papers. The desktop had an old 13-inch MacBook permanently plugged in to the house wi-fi. You can never tell when you might need a recipe for the chili you made six years ago. “The ‘we’ is the medical expertise that has diagnosed you with a cognitive disorder— and your family who love you.”
The first paper she shoved across the island counter was an updated copy of the doctor’s report that I had first read on the iPad before I left the hospital and that Delores admitted to me that she had written. It looked like this:
• Charles has noticeable problems coming up with the right
word or name and appears to have trouble remembering names when introduced to
new people such as his nurse, who he calls some strange name none of us recognize. 
• He is experiencing noticeably greater difficulty in social settings like family relationships. 
• He forgets recent things but has ancient, literary recall.ge 4 – Early Stage
• He is also forgetful of recent events.
• We would have some concern about his ability to manage finances. 
• He is increasingly moody, withdrawing especially into his den when family visits. 
Diagnosis: Chuck is clearly in the early stages of Cognitive Impairment and shows early signs of a possible Alzheimer’s diagnosis. His behavior should be carefully monitored for exacerbated signs such as those above. Look for claims of conspiracy theories and imagined threats and fears. Especially look for unpremeditated anger, unusual states of confusion, and memory loss. In the meantime, while he can likely do everyday activities like bathing, and dressing, he should not be left alone for length periods of time.

The doctor who saw me for 18 seconds in the hospital signed the document. As before, I recognized these symptoms of straight from the many Internet pages listing the early stage boilerplate symptoms of early Alzheimer’s. There is no way that doctor came up with that diagnosis or signed that paper, but I figured if I claimed fowl I would fall into the conspiracy trap. “So this is the rationale for nurse Reid?”
“Yes,” Brenda was resolute. “It is fortunate that such a qualified health care professional was available to help us out.”
There is the ubiquitous ‘us’ again. I shoved the paper back across the Island counter. “Brenda, even if this diagnosis is accurate, isn’t a full time caregiver a little over the top? Are we…that’s you and me…really ready to have a boarder in our life? Despite what this paper says, I think I am quite capable of leading my own life when you are out leading yours.”
She pulled another paper from the brown manila folder and shoved it across the counter. It was a copy of a letter from that doctor to the Alberta Motor Vehicle branch. The letter repeated the imaginary symptoms listed above and recommended to the branch that I have my driver’s license suspended pending further examination and diagnosis. I was shocked into silence. Up until now I had been treating this whole thing as a kind of game—an entertaining lark breaking up the increasingly mundane routine of my life. I’m not trying to diminish either the impact of my pickleball head bang and the passing out event, or the seriousness of effects of an MCI diagnosis on old folks like me. I can probably live with the notion that my family has doubts about my sanity. And I would probably find Ratched’s presence in our basement, while intrusive, as mildly entertaining (as long as she doesn’t try and give me bath.) But taking away my driver’s license ramps up this charade beyond the entertaining. 
Brenda broke the silence. “Chuck I am sorry,” he quietly offered. “I know how important driving and your car is in your life. I want you to know that I didn’t ask for this. It was as surprise to me.”
I was still silent. She was certainly right about the driving and the car issue. Since I was a teenager I have liked to drive. At 19 I picked up a derelict 61 MGA and fixed it up to a very unreliable driving status. Until family and work relegated me to more practical transportation, I had an equally unreliable 67 Mini Cooper S (most fun to drive), a 73 Jaguar (would never start in temperature below 10 centigrade), an 83 Datsun 240Z (biodegradable in Canada’s salt roads), and a 92 BMW x4 (needed a mortgage to change the oil). My last toy was a 69 Ghia convertible whose ills I regularly cured in my well-outfitted garage repair shop. When I retired and we moved to ‘no repair shop’ condo, I bought a Subaru WRX —standard of course—and while I don’t get to do much fixing, I get immeasurable pleasure from taking down some jerk in a fake Mustang from a stoplight. The only thing more depressing in my life might be a doctor’s order to give up golf. How can I try and explain to Brenda that this has gone too far? How do I tell her that wonderful health professional —who is watching gameshows in our basement —has started to ruin my life?
I left the paper on the counter, left the kitchen, went into my den (on the main floor of the condo) and closed the door. I needed some time to think about these events. Brenda knocked on the door and announced that she was off to pickleball and we could talk about this later when she comes home. 
“Have fun,” I cheerfully replied. I now realize that my way out of this maze is not through Brenda. It is through Ratched. I’ll report to you next week how that works out.
Have a good week friends.
Cheers
Chuck
Index




Blog 34: The caregiver
Sunday, January 12,2020
First of all, thanks to those of you who sent me their suggestions for getting back my license. It appears that this is a more common event than non-agers (a new term for those of us denying our longevity?) realize. I have to admit that I always thought that the biggest road problem was humped over old people, peeking through the steering wheel as they drive their 20-year-old Buicks at 80kmh on the freeway. Maybe due to that collective misunderstanding, Doctors —and ‘loved’ ones— have become quite aggressive in snatching non-agers’ licenses. But what I have learned from you who have tried, is that overturning that doctor’s recommendation is a bureaucratic boggle. It becomes the old Catch 22. Apparently, it takes so long and is such a complicated circuitous path that by the time you win your case you actually are too old and decrepit to drive.
Despite the fact that the whole MCI diagnosis is a mistake conjured up by the individual now comfortably ensconced in my basement, after a week of contemplation I have decided not to go down that path. I figured that in my case it would be like that device we used to buy for our kids —called a wife something—where they put their finger in the end and the harder they tried to pull it out the harder it held them. The more I deny the diagnosis, the more they will smile at each other and use my protests as confirmation bias. I have to admit that even the eidetic me nurtured a sneaking thought that the report was valid. I tried all of the usual diagnostic tests in private in my den—the counting back by 7s thing (almost fell asleep), remembering 5 things 10 minutes later (used to do that trick in Boy scouts when I was 13), going through the list of all our current friends and their names (list is shorter each year), reciting all of my passwords (actually only one, since I now use a password keeper). I gave myself a 99%. I couldn’t remember the name of Peter’s new (5 years ago?) wife. And for fun—and reassurance of my eideticism— I pulled up from memory the equity/stock page from a 40 year old Saturday Globe and Mail (anyone remember when this was the only way you could follow your investments?) and wrote down the value of the 3 mining stocks I owned as a 30 year old. (All went to zero. Should have had Donald advising me.)
All good. Having reassured my own nagging doubts, I then turned my energy to figuring out what to do with Ratched. If I wasn’t going to drive then I was going to need her (or Uber?) to get me around. I needed to learn a lot more about her before I let her behind the wheel of my WRX. I’ll start with last Tuesday. I sulked in my den most of Monday doing the memory tests and watching two of the old movies that Graham had left me.
“Good morning Chuck,” Ratched announced as she bounced (Yes. She actually appeared to bounce.) up the stairs and landed in the kitchen. Brenda had already left for Yoga and I was debating nutrition with a bowl of frozen blueberries (only wild) and oatmeal (only steel cut). “In case you have forgotten, my name is Delores and I live in your basement.”
“Fuck off,” I retorted. “You are the cold hearted, battle axe, tyrant Ratched who has destroyed my life.”
She was dressed in what I surmised were the type of Lululemon running clothes that I expected to see on Laverne, not a Mr. Potato Head, even a ‘Weight Watcher’ one. She tiptoed over to the fridge and pulled out a Yoghurt container that I know I never bought. “Sorry about that Chuck,” she crooned. “I never thought that the details I wrote would have such effects.”
“So you admit that you wrote falsehoods, right?” I yelled into her face. “And you will straighten this whole misunderstanding out, right?”
“Aggressive behavior is a bad sign Chuck. Eat your mush and we can chat later over the coffee —double, double, remember?—when I come back.”
“Back,” I backed off. “ Where are you going? We need to talk.”
“Later Chuck,” she tossed the comment to me as she went out the back door of the Condo. “Need to get my morning constitutional.”
I was left with my increasingly cloying steel cut. Constitutional? She was going out for a crap? I guessed some kind of morning walk. It was a warm, Calgary Chinook, January morning so I had to admit that a strenuous walk wouldn’t be a bad way to chuck (ha!) off my anger and cool down a bit. Instead I decided to snoop. I wasn’t sure how long her ‘constitutional’ would take, but perhaps enough time to take a look at what she had done to our basement. I looked out the back door to make sure that she was really gone and quickly went down the basement stairs. I hadn’t been into the basement since that day a while ago when Ratched and Brenda struggled with the MEC bag. I wandered down the stairs and examined the changes to my basement. The area had been transformed from the Katherine designed randomly organized setting into a comfortable looking living space. The pull out chesterfield has been moved away from the space directly in front of the 65- inch wall mounted TV and now snuggled up to the side wall. The ‘bed’ was closed and apparently made up. The Ikea coffee table that Katherine had found on the Kijiji free stuff site was placed in front of the chesterfield, and the easy chair that matched the chesterfield faced the table and ‘bed’. Essentially the old coffee table had replaced the big TV as the organizing focus of the living area. Given Ratched’s first entry into the house last week, it surprised me that morning game shows weren’t the centre of her living space.
I moved over and sat on the chesterfield. Two well-thumbed paperback books lay at random angles on the Ikea table beside a dented Klean Kanteen, stainless steel, coffee thermos. Two other books lay on top of the small chesterfield end table. People usually put the decorative books —the ubiquitous coffee books—that are intended to make them appear well read and well-travelled (but they rarely do either) on their publicly used coffee table. On the other hand, two types of regular reads are usually kept more privately bedside. The first type is so hard to read that you will fall asleep within the first page or so. (Like this blog?) The other is so griping a read that it can be good company in the middle of the night when you can’t sleep. Of course, paper is quickly being replaced with digits and today you are likely to find an iPad, a Kindle or a Kobo beside the bed, jammed full of equally unreadable material. An old Kindle reader hardly impresses guests so I suspect that the chunky coffee table book still has a life. But publishers are apparently scared silly about the prospect of everything becoming available as eBooks, since it provides a direct link between authors and readers and bypasses the autocracy of out of touch editors. (Check out sights like www.Smashwords.com where you can get some remarkable free reads. Like the D.G. Marshall golf novel The Sand Trap I told you about in an earlier blog.)
If Ratched was trying to impress —intrigue—someone with her coffee table choices, it worked. I recognized one of the books: Stephen Hawking’s A Brief History of Time. He sold thousands of copies, probably mostly Christmas gifts. Twenty-eight of them would actually have been read. That is too bad. It is actually an understandable read, written by a once in a generation genius. But I do understand why it is not a bedside read. I flipped through the copy on Ratched’s table, and not only has it been well read and thumbed, but there were handwritten margin notes written in a physicsese I couldn’t understand. I picked up the second book that I had never heard of, but I recognized the emerging theme. The title was The Dancing Wu Li Masters, and the inside cover indicated that it was a 1979 book by Gary Zukav. The back cover described it as a “popular science work exploring modern physics, and quantum phenomena in particular. It was awarded a 1980 U.S. National Book Award in the science category. The Wu Li Dancing Masters levers metaphors from Eastern spiritual movements such as the Huayen school of Buddhism to explain quantum phenomena.” The hardcover books on the ‘bedside’ table were only slightly more mundane: Evaristo’s Girl, Woman, Other and Tayari Jones’s An American Marriage. These were new titles to me. As Brenda would tell you, they likely don’t have enough sex or violence in them to earn a spot in my reading list. 
But here is what intrigues me. I always figured that you could tell a lot about a person from the material that they read—online, digitally or on ex-trees. If this is the case, then the caricature of a crude, bullying, game show watching, Ratched that has been sketched in my brain has now been distorted. I put the books back where I found them, and moved quickly back upstairs. I was sitting at the kitchen island pretending to read my iPad and sipping a coffee when Ratched stormed through the back door. Sweat dripped from her forehead as she leaned over and undid her runner laces and kicked off the Nikes. “I’m going to shower,” she announced. “Double-double, please.” And she disappeared down the stairs. I wasn’t sure what surprised me more; her coffee order, or the realization that Ms. Potato Head was actually out for a jog? 
I put aside my new knowledge about this lady as I realized that tomorrow is my simulator golf day with the Gordie, Burt and Peter, so I was going to need a discussion with Ratched about the new driving arrangement. I made the ordered coffee and waited for her to come back to the kitchen. 
But readers, I now realize that this might take more than a once a week, blog to tell the complete story. Consequently, while I will try to stick to the 2000 word limit (didn’t I start with 1500?), I will do more than one blog a week when it is necessary. You can choose your own timing to read. 
The next blog continues today’s story.
Chuck
Index



Blog 35: Simulator Golf
Sunday, January 12,2020 —again.
I have to report to you now that things are moving much too fast for me to figure out what is going on in my life. Events are twirling in my brain and not landing in any organized or understandable order. I feel the need to disappear into my den, or go for a long walk, or do whatever I always did to hit a pause button when I needed to sort out randomly landing thoughts. Quite frankly, after last week with Ratched I am feeling a strange mixture of paranoia and anger. Nothing is what it seems, I am wondering if everyone knows things that I don’t, and I suspect things are being done to me and not with me. That angers me. My old company had a consultant make presentations on workplace stress and he told us about something called “locus of control”. Essentially, the concept reversed the assumption that the higher up the executive and the more responsibility someone had, the higher the levels of stress. The consultant posited the reverse; that there was a strong correlation between stress and the lack of control an employee had over the workplace. Ipso facto, the company president had the lowest stress job in the company since her ‘locus of control’ was the highest. It is the same in general life. Having no control over your life is stressful, and right now I feel that my locus of control is dissolving—and my stress level climbing. Just because I am old, and just because there is some (mis)conception that I am mentally declining, control over my life is being wrenched from my hands. Sticky notes are cute, but a symptom of that conception. The driving thing is more heinous. Now I am worried about other parts of my life, especially my finances. As I told you before, Brenda and I have independent financial lives and up until now that independence has been more significant to her than to me. She has friends where the husband controls all finances and doles out any of the woman’s spending with a frown and fiscal lecture. Brenda was a responsible and competent litigator, so why that sense would suddenly dissolve upon retirement is beyond me? But like most men I simply took my financial locus of control for granted —until now. This driving license thing has caused me to revisit Donald and Laverne’s attempt to assume control when I am no longer capable. I continue to wonder whose definition of capable might be used. At any rate, at this point, I still control my own finances, my diet — and my golf game. Years ago —before I retired—I had half my pension funds directed to a colleague-financial advisor in Toronto. At the time I was contemplating handing over my pension funds to Donald and I figured that I should protect some of it. Now I think I am going to have to make some more moves to protect all three. 
But as usual I’m getting ahead of the story. Let me tell you what happened the rest of the day that I discovered that Ratched both jogs and reads Stephen Hawking.
“Thanks for the coffee Chuck,” cooed as she sipped her Christmas Blend (a left over Christmas gift). “Brown sugar really makes a difference to flavor you know. When I was a child, my mother would soak a chunk of sugar cane in her coffee. Wonderful.”
“Glad to be of service.” I was pondering how to probe her with my newly found knowledge. “You getting organized down there?”
“Good enough. Pull out chesterfields are never the most comfortable, but it will do,” she announced as she stepped over to the pantry and grabbed a box of Honey Nut Cheerios. This was new. Benda would never eat the stuff. She was dressed in a tracksuit identical to the one that she had sweat soaked earlier. She couldn’t have washed it, so she must have two sets. From the back, I could see that my earlier assessment of a potato head body was close. Her shape was indeed pear like, with most of her weight centered over the middle part of her body. She had narrow shoulders, and the sweat suit leggings that covered the legs that protruded from in the middle of the pear showed up sculpted and muscled. When her body was covered in the caftan like nursing outfit or the clothes she wore when she moved in, she appeared plump. In the sweat suit, she actually appeared athletic. That’s never easy for any 60 something woman. “Who lived down there before me?” She cautiously probed.
“My granddaughter, Katherine.”
“Where did she go?”
“On a gap year travelling in Thailand,” I offered. “So you only get the space until she comes home?”
“OK,” she replied. “That is fine with me. When is that?”
I didn’t think her probing of Katherine’s circumstances was relevant to her family status. I changed the topic. “I guess you know that because of that false report you wrote I have had my driver’s license suspended?” I worked to stay calm and not too accusatory. I’m going to need her to cooperate if I’m going to get back control over my life.
“Yeah,” she mumbled between crunching of cheerios. “ Sorry about that. I really never intended it to go this far.”
“What did you intend?”
“Actually, at first I genuinely just wanted to make sure your family was aware of some symptoms to look for.” She looked up at me as she wiped a drop of milk from her chin. “Chuck, you did show some strange behavior. And your joking with the doctor didn’t help. You need to take a little ownership of this circumstance as well.”
“Bullshit,” I was now starting to lose it a little. I pulled the diagnosis sheet that Brenda showed me from the drawer under the computer and shoved it at her across the island. “Which of these symptoms did I demonstrate and which did you pull from the Internet?”
“Right. Well you think about the first question, and I’ll admit that I did use the internet to exaggerate a little. But you asked me what I intended.” She waved her arms around the kitchen. “This.”
I leaned across the island and was too loud. “I don’t understand.” 
She scanned her arm over the kitchen again. “I needed a place to live.” She reached over and put her hand on my arm. “And I need a job.”
I pulled my arm back. “You fabricated my symptoms in order to get a job? Here?” I copied her wave. My voice was raised with a mixture of disbelief and anger.
“Don’t take it personally Chuck,” she calmly offered. “You just happened to be handy.”
“I thought you had a job?” Slightly calmer now, I was probing an area where I knew the truth. After she moved in, I called the hospital HR department claiming to be the HR director from the “Happy Days” retirement home down the road from our condo development. It must be some millennial who comes up for the names for these places? No prospective senior home occupant would name them “Happy”, “Sunny”, “Manor Village”, “Forever Young”, “Autumn Leaves”, “At Heaven’s Gate”, “Golden Twilight” and so on. If you and I were in charge we would be more frank. How about “Whispering Winds,” (guess what that one means), “Rusty Years”, “Camp Curmudgeon”, “Whine World” (pun is intentional), “Judgement Day Manor” (can live on your guilt), “Kick the Bucket” (speaks for itself), “Cougar Ridge” (free Viagra provided with every breakfast). I told them that I was verifying the employment record of one Delores Reid at the Rockyview. After a pause for the HR person to recover a digital file, she was more than willing to give me the details of Ratched’s employment at the hospital. It appeared that she had only been at the hospital for two weeks before the episode with me. Her new employee reports were all positive. And her recommendations from her last employer were more than positive. “Glowing” was the word that the HR person used as she read the file. “Strange though,” she offered. “The last employee before us was not a hospital. It was the University of Toronto. And it doesn’t say she was a nurse. In fact, the reference, from some lady who lists her job as Executive Assistant, doesn’t say what Reid’s job was. But I assume that with her credentials it was some sort of nursing role. Probably in their health centre.” 
“What are her credentials?” I asked. “She indicates to us that she is an RN?”
“Yup,” she offered. “We verified that. We always do that today after the rise in fake Internet credentials. Says here in her file that someone called the university in Grenada. Is that in Quebec somewhere? And they verified that Delores Reid had a B.Sc. Impressive actually. In the 70s most RNs didn’t bother with the degree.”
I wanted to ask more questions about where she had worked since the nursing training, but that would be suspicious since I supposedly had that list in front of me on her application form. “Just one more question, Rhonda?” 
“Sure. Glad to help.”
“Why did she say she moved to Calgary, and since you let her go, would you recommend her for our operation?’
“That’s two questions!” she laughed at her sharpness. “On the first— a pause again—she says on her application to join family. And we didn’t let her go. We were delighted with her work and to have such a diverse employee. She apparently just announced one day that she had another job and left. So sure, from what we saw of her work here, you are lucky to get her.”
I thanked Rhonda for her help and offered to help in return if she ever needed it. 
So now I was now probing for answers that I already knew.
“Yeah. As I told you, the hospital wasn’t impressed with my Caribbean credentials.” She added to the lie. “And I moved here from Toronto for the job, so I was a little pissed to say the least. But now I need to make a living so here I am. The pay isn’t the same as the hospital, but the coffee is better!” 
I wanted to probe more, but I am realizing that Ratched is not stupid. Too many questions would raise suspicions and I do need her help. I’ll start slowly filling in the blanks of her life; apparently starting from the point that most of what she says is likely a lie. For now I need to get back to my circumstances.
“You aren’t going to correct this whole mis-understanding are you?”
“Not yet Chuck,” she announced as she put her cereal bowl in the dishwasher. “Lets’ see how things progress and go from there?”
“Ah,” I suggested. “Look for some unintended consequences?” I watched for her reaction to my oblique reference to both Wu Li and quantum physics.
She paused before replying. “You will learn, although I won’t teach.” 
“Oh. That clears everything up.” I learned later with a little Wikipedia help that was a direct quote from Wu Li. She caught my reference.
A sudden bang on the front door and a hearty yell interrupted my inquisition and announced an unexpected visit by Graham and Lorne. While my attention shifted to his arrival, Ratched slipped downstairs. 
“Hey old man,” Graham greeted me with a man hug. “Remember who I am?”
“Yeah,” I laughed. “ My no good, reprobate son. But who is that with you? “ I glared at Lorne who followed him through the door. “Deliveries at the back door please.”
“Very funny, Chuck,” Lorne laughed. “I can see that they haven’t fixed your brain yet.”
“Good to see you Lorne.” A man hug as well. I truly liked the man. As I told you before, he was an Adonis sculpted, black man. Lorne was smart, gentle, considerate and clearly in love with my son. What was not to like about him? He and Graham had met in Toronto 13 years ago in a cooking class, and had been inseparable ever since. In one of our early conversations I actually asked him what he wanted to be described as since he was more coffee or caramel coloured. He told me that he prefers to be referred to as ‘black’ since it allows him to disallow any possibility of white genes from someone like me. I joked about the reversal of times when a white person was considered black for octogenarian roots, now a black person wants to disavow the same octogenarian white roots. I wondered what a caramel shaded Ratched would say about this? 
“To what do I owe a visit by you reprobates? I hope you didn’t park that relic of a truck outside our condo? You’ll get us kicked out. Your mother will be pissed.”
“Nah,” Graham laughed. “We are doing so well with the truck—and our meal delivery operation—we actually bought a car. Second hand Prius.”
“Ooh. That’s exciting. What? Zero to 60 in 5 minutes?”
“Couldn’t afford a Tesla yet Dad. I’ll leave the rally racing to you and your WRX. But here,” He handed me a plastic container (recyclable I’m sure). “We just dropped by to bring you lunch. Our new curried chicken— a Caribbean roti recipe that some lady dropped off at the truck. She said it was an old family recipe that everyone loved and that we might want to try it. Let me know what you think. Have you got any coffee on?”
They both yanked off their Blundstones and perched at the Island counter while I poured each of them the last of the Christmas Blend I had made for Ratched.
“What’s up?” I probed. Graham never just drops over for coffee. And there is more on his mind than a new curry recipe. It was a moment like this that he sat Brenda and me down and told us he was gay— and going to cooking school instead of university. Then, it was the same environment when he introduced us to his new black lover. It was always good that Brenda was sitting down when he dropped these mots of life upon us. Especially at another “sit down mom and dad, let’s have a coffee” moment when he told us we were going to be Grandparents. 
“It’s about Katherine,” Graham announced as he poured a cup of sugar in his coffee.
I never got to my blog about simulator golf. But I’m done for now. And I’m guessing you are sleepy.
Maybe get to golf again next week.
Chuck
Index



BLOG 36: Grandpa
Sunday, January 19,2020
I guess we need to have a chat about the changing shape of this blog. Those of you who have been with me from the start (or those who have backread all the blogs) know that I never intended this exercise as either a diary or an epistle on the life and times of an aging Chuck Profiterole. It was just a ranting blog about the unfairness of being 70 (or older) in the modern world. And for half the year I think I have achieved a certain amount of entertaining rancour. (At least you tell me I have). I haven’t run out of rants, but at this time I have to confess that I am too preoccupied with the events of my own life over the past few weeks to think about off the cuff rants that might help you through the unfair vagaries of age. So, I will keep posting the blog, but a few new “rules”. 
First, until I get back to some homeostasis (a physics term I learned in my research on Wu Li), my posts will serve my own need to share with someone the unexpected twists of my life. If they help you reflect upon yours, so be it, but they will simply be cathartic for me. So, a heartfelt thanks to those of you who will bother to read about my life. Knowing that you are out in the ether somewhere will give me comfort.
Secondly, as I suggested before, the Sunday morning, one blog a week routine will be set-aside for now. As you can ascertain from the last few blogs, things are moving too quickly and are too complicated to share in a weekly 2000 word rant. I will still try and keep the blogs to the sleep inducing 2000 words, but there will be no predetermined pattern to the posting times. I’ll write and post —maybe even multiple posts at the same time—when I can. 
Finally, unlike my previous posts—rants—I will welcome any advice you might have to help me through the myriad of crisis bombarding my life. As you know, I don’t do Facebook, Instagram, or WhatsApp but my email is Talonlakepress@gmail.com (I wonder when email actually became ‘old school’). 
With that out of the way, let’s return to Graham, Lorne and Katherine. 
At the moment, I have retreated to my den situated off the open area kitchen, living room of the condo. (Two bedrooms are in another wing of the bungalow type condo). In my after retirement, move to the condominium, consultant, life, this was my home office, where I could work in an insulated environment the few times that a contact from my previous work world tossed me a contract of some kind. As an IT guy, most of what was needed could be done remotely, but in the IT business I was also soon past my ‘best before date’ and the contracts had dried up after the first couple of years of retirement. But my specialty was technology security and, with the recent dramatic rise various types of cybercrimes, I was suddenly back in vogue and over the past couple of years, I have helped more than one business out of a hacking jam. So I have managed to keep the den/office as my retreat and working space. As well as the computer desk —I now write on a new MacBook Air—under the window facing the front window of the condo, there is a bookshelf holding my comfort reads —old novels (includes a complete collection of Wilbur Smith,) a large dictionary (a gift), and some work related books (mostly on leadership and IT that will never be opened again). The bottom shelf is crammed with a collection of golf instruction books mostly acquired over my last year’s obsession with finding the ‘magic move.’ Some were old gifts (for example, Jack Nicklaus’s ‘Golf My Way’ my Dad gave me in 1965), but most showed up after Amazon allowed me to fuel my obsession and allay some early retirement boredom with a click and buy. A collection of framed family photos is interspersed between the books. As I write this, my eyes are drawn to an 8 x 10 of Katherine and me when she was 13 and I was newly retired.
She was dressed in a one of those white bathrobes that Judo people wear, a yellow cloth belt tied at her waist and holding up a medal on a ribbon at her chest. I stood beside her proudly grinning as if I had some role in her trashing of a boy 6 inches shorter than her. I remember that I had given the small Olympus camera to another parent (not the boy’s) to capture the moment. I keep the picture because it reflects much about Katherine, our relationship and me. Both our smiles were faked. She hated the Judo thing and never put on the bathrobe again, while I was severely pissed at her attitude to every activity I tried to get her involved in. Hockey (no Ringette for her), Gymnastics, (‘anorexic bitches’ she once described her team, although she apparently had no problem with the boys), and swimming (refused to wear the requisite cap). She stuck with the theatre group I enrolled her in longer than most, but when they wouldn’t change the script to suit her view of where the plot should go, she pulled the plug on that as well. Don’t get the impression that she was a spoiled brat (although Brenda regularly accused me of spoiling the girl) or rude or even difficult to get along with. She was really a pleasant young girl, and described by teachers —and the various coaches—as cooperative and friendly. Her challenge was a stubborn streak. Take that back —a huge stubborn stripe. From the time she first shit her diaper, when her developing brain decided on a perspective or a direction, that was it. No compromise, no gentle nudging, no debate. Again don’t get the notion that she was stupid. Quite the contrary. She was identified as gifted early in her academic life and she established her stubborn positions only after lengthy debate and discussion. 
I know this because I was most likely to be the foil for her intellectual machinations. I think I already told you that Katherine was our surprise granddaughter 18 years ago when Graham decided to test his sexual leanings with another sex-exploring young woman. The fact that neither of them considered the long-term consequences of exploring without any kind of protection probably speaks to the notion that teen hormones dissolve brain cells. At any rate, the mother —the daughter of a visiting professor from the University of Toronto at Mount Royal University— disappeared as soon as the hospital would let her out. As far as I know she has never been heard from again. Her mother —the prof—disappeared as well before any of us met her, and was never heard from again (smart woman), and Brenda, Graham and I were left to raise a child at a time when none of us had the time or inclination to do so. Brenda was at the peak of her legal reputation, Graham was now out of the closet and more interested in food than diapers, and I was recently promoted in a rapidly changing IT world. In the final analysis, I lost (won?) the roll of the dice and ended up the surrogate. While Brenda fulfilled her perfunctory role, and Graham played the loving father, a real bond developed between Katherine and me, and by her 13th year (and my first year of retirement) I was the only one who was willing to endure her moods and quirks. Shortly after that photo was taken, she announced to me two directions in her life— she would be a writer, and she would find her mother. Those two conclusions drove much of her life for the next five years. Fortunately, being a writer meant that you needed to experience what you wrote about so, when she decided to write a story about the blues, she became quite accomplished on the Blues Harmonica. For a year all we could listen to in the house was Butterfield, Mayal, Hummel, Waters, King and Clarke. Her article about the differences between white (60s British guys in particular) and black harmonica players was thoughtful, innovative and somewhat controversial in the senior Calgary blues crowd after it was published in a local arts magazine. She also found a copy in the school library a copy of the 60s book “Black Like Me”, and became obsessed with exploring the perspective of someone like her who appeared more tanned than black. At 15, she wrote another article she called “Black like ME”, describing her young life of schoolyard racism (probably why she shifted from polite Judo to more aggressive Ju jitsu) and pointing out the idiocy of a white man staining his face black to see what it was like to be a black man in the 60s U.S. “If you want to know what is like to be a black man…ask a black man,” her text screamed in the article. That one circulated through Facebook pages, but was never published as far as I know. Until she took off the toque (I’m sure she slept in it) and the Rasta locks gave away her heritage, she could be assumed to be ‘white’. Fortunately, the mother obsession was a more quiet, and private obsession. I never met the young mother, so she had to gently explore Graham with questions about what she was like and where she came from. Graham was apparently not much help on either question, although he did tell her once that (as far as he could remember) while her mother was caramel coloured like her, she would never have been mistaken for white. When she was 16, she told me that with Ms. Google’s help, she had found the Professor/Grandmother —apparently, she now lived in Toronto—and had send emails to try and find more information, but had never had a reply from anyone. 
But back to that photo and today. Graham and Lorne didn’t visit today simply to bring me a curried chicken lunch. “Dad,” he was unusually subdued, as he leaned forward from his perch on the soft chair in the living room. “I haven’t heard from Katherine in over two months. I have sent her emails, texts —messengers and WhatsApp’s—and scanned her Instagram and Facebook pages. She hasn’t posted anything for three months. The last posting was photo with her and some weird looking, tattooed, nose ringed, thing on a beach somewhere. Should I be worried?”
He always asked me my opinion on what to do with Katherine’s often —to him—erratic and unexplained behavior since he knew that she talked to me about everything. It is true that grandparents are more able to listen without judgement. And, understandably, given her interest in the ‘reverse Octoroon’ (she made that term up?) experience, she also had a connection to Lorne. “What do you think Lorne?” I probed. Looking for some indication that she had contacted him. 
“I’m not as worried as Graham is, Chuck. We all know that she is strong willed as well as capable. I think that getting away from family is the whole purpose of a ‘gap’ year. I think that she will go public when she is ready.”
“I just wish she would let us know she is safe,” Graham sighed. “Then she can discover whatever she wants.”
“What are you asking me to do Graham?”
“Can you use those magic IT skills of yours to see where she is? If there has been any activity on her iPhone and so on?”
I paused before replying. I can indeed do all those things. Not legally, of course. But one of my responsibilities as the IT guy was to ensure digital security and that meant learning about every kind of intrusion software we could find and designing the fix or the block or whatever was necessary. The side effect was that I still had copies of the kind of Dark Web sourced software that simple possession might put me in jail. But, yes, unless someone used a VPN (Virtual Proxy Network. Everyone should use one.), it was surprisingly easy to hack into phone and Internet servers. I was tempted to take Graham out of his misery and tell him she was OK, that I had heard from her two months ago and she was in Toronto, not Thailand. The faked beach picture was classic Katherine. I didn’t relieve his anxiety because I had promised not to tell Graham (or Brenda or Lorne) what she was doing, or where she was. No one would approve. But I felt guilty, and as soon as Graham and Lorne left, I sent her a WhatsApp and asked that she put her Dad out of his misery and least tell him she was alive, well, and enjoying her Gap year. I did check ‘Find your Phone’ and her phone was still in Toronto, so I wasn’t worried, although I never had a WhatsApp reply.
I’ll sign off now, friends. I can hear the sounds of a game show coming from the basement and I just heard some movement in the kitchen so Brenda must have come home from pickleball. Tomorrow is golf day, so I am going to have to see if Ratched can drive a standard WRX. 
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 37: The Simulator Surprise
Monday, January 20,2020
Hi all. It is now Monday night, and I and three vertical fingers of a Flor De Cana 12 year old are having trouble sleeping so we thought we would post a blog about the unusual day we have had. 
But first, thanks as always for your notes and some thoughts on your own experience with wayward Grandchildren. A couple of comments to start my note today. I don’t think that our own children realize the degree of the emotional link between grandkids and grandparents. Perhaps it is the ‘once removed’ status, and the fact that we are by and large bystanders in the care and feeding (and discipline). Remember that ‘locus of control’ thing? For most of us we only have the ‘locus of control’ over our grandkids that occasional babysitting and long weekends permit. Of course, having made all the mistakes previously raising our own children, we know for certain the best way to raise our grandchildren. Right? And our own kids resent any intrusion. Right? In my case, while Donald and Laverne have no interest in my perspective, Graham gave up long ago worrying about my relationship with Katherine. I would go so far as to suggest that in her case Brenda and I were surrogate parents. At the start, a 17-year-old Graham was in no position to assume fatherhood, and 13 years later, by the time he decided to wake up and decide he would get involved, it was too late. So I do appreciate the comments I received from ‘surrogate parent’ grandparents. 
I also appreciate the lecture I received from one of you (black I assume?) about “appropriation’ of the black experience. Please be assured that my comments about Lorne, Katherine, her absent mother and Grandmother, racism or the black experience, are not intended as ‘appropriation’ of the black experience, but simply observations from the perspective of an old (and privileged) white man—who happens to be the grandfather to a young black girl. You are right that I have no basis whatsoever to comment on the racist experience (other than to say it is wrong, of course), and only Katherine (or her mother or grandmother or Lorne and other relatives?) has that insight. As I share any further events in my life, I’ll try and be extra aware of the appropriation thing. But the comment does have me thinking about the appropriation ‘fine line’. What are the creative boundaries for writers, singers or artists? Can no male writer include female characters and their experience in his fiction? (Or vice versa?) Can no white person write about the lives of visible minority characters? Maybe the best strategy will be that if I tell you anymore details of Katherine (or Ratched?), while I can’t ignore their gender, I’ll leave out any reference to their visible minority status? I’ll think about that. Maybe some of you have some better ideas?
For now though, I’ll go back to the safer —I thought anyhow—topic of golf. Specifically, simulator golf. For those of you who don’t know what I am talking about, simulator golf is where players hit into a high definition image of a golf course image on a wall size screen, while some magic technology measures every aspect of your flawed swing and shoots a digital golf ball down the fairway. It is the only way that my usual golf foursome and I can fix our golf obsession in a Calgary January, so we have a regular Tuesday booking at an indoor facility half an hour drive away from the condo. And I need to drive there. So today was Ratched’s first test as my designated chauffeur.
“Can you drive?” I asked across the kitchen island. Brenda had already left for Yoga.
“Only my Lamborghinis and Maserati’s,” she deadpanned as she slurped the double- double, I had made her. 
“Do they have a standard shift?”
“Ah,” she slurped. I hate slurping. “That would be my Porsche 911, Turbo S, Cabriolet.”
I ignored her quips. “Well, I have golf today. And since you have sabotaged my life you need to drive me,” I ordered. “So, slurp your coffee and let’s go.”
She stood up and looked out the window, the Caftan she wore this morning drifting behind her. We had a late winter snowsquall this morning. “Golf? Are you serious?”
I laughed. “You’ll see. Bring a book to read. You’ll have to wait about 4 hours.” 
I met her at the double garage attached to the condo. Brenda keeps her CRV on one side and the WRX owns the other. I was loading my clubs in the trunk when she joined me. I threw her the key fob, pushed the garage door button and opened the passenger door.
“Here. Try not to kill us both.” For some reason, I had no doubt that she could drive a standard and I was right. After she started the WRX and adjusted all of the requisite things—seat, mirrors—she gently put the car in reverse and left the garage. I pushed the garage door button as she worked our way out of the gated community onto a regional highway leading to the metro area. It was 9:30 and the road was clear of the usual rush hour crush. She expertly put the WRX through the first three gears as we hit the legal 80 km/h in about 5 seconds. I laughed as she actually showed off a totally unnecessary double clutch (look it up if you don’t know what it is) between 2nd and 3rd. To know that move, she had either driven racecars, or a 60s era VW (or Mini?) with a stretched clutch cable. Another Ratched surprise. We safely reached the industrial mall that housed the simulator operation…and in record time. 
Now to the golf. I have to admit that it is somewhat comforting to get back to telling you about golf rather than the trials of my brain and my family life. That was what this whole blog exercise was supposed to be, a way for me (and hopefully the occasional reader) to leave my various itches aside and whine, rant or just ponder. And golf is a wonderful way to escape uncomfortable realities. Those of you who have followed my earlier blogs on golf would know that I am a fan of keeping the golf swing—and thoughts—simple in every way. We don’t obsess over the way to skip a stone across a pond, or make an underarm throw of a nurf ball at one of our grandchildren. But a myriad of golf magazines, videos and books (mostly YouTubes in 2020) are kept alive by even the most novice golfer’s obsession with swing perfection. Golf simulators aren’t new. Some sort of the technology has been around for decades, but like cell phones TVs, home security, smart cars and so on, the business today is nothing like the one two decades ago. You can even put a professional level golf simulator in your garage for a few thousand dollars, and suddenly be the most popular lady on the block. It is possible that some of you live in a condo residence (or retirement home) with one of these simulators in the basement. I know people at my golf course who made a 5 thousand dollar simulator the deciding factor in the purchase of a multimillion-dollar condo. It is interesting that as golf courses close all over the country (over 200 a year in the U.S. apparently), the golf simulator business is growing. High tech simulator stations are replacing even the old-fashioned “Tin Cup” driving range. Japan has a combination of a land shortage problem and a golf obsession, so they have led the development of these new golf experience venues. Apparently (I’ve never tried it) golfers hit chip-embedded balls at digitally enhanced targets, while lounging on leather chesterfields, and sipping Margaritas (Saki or Japanese scotch?). 
The appeal of these operations (Ms. Google ‘Topgolf’) is obvious. The experience negates the reasons that golfing is on the decline. First, golf is simply too hard a game for most people to just pick up a club and play. More often than not those new clubs end up either in Kijiji or the course pond. At the simulator you just laugh, sit down and slurp your booze. Secondly, most people today don’t have the attention span to focus on a game for 4 hours or more without checking their Instagram. And there are no iPhone rules in your little simulator booth. Thirdly, there are no decorum rules in general. You won’t get a letter from the club Chairman for wearing your shirt untucked or sporting ‘non golf’ headwear (yes, there are courses that have that rule). Essentially the new driving range-simulator experience turns a “walk in the woods ruined” into a video game. Perfect for the new generation of athlete. The technology has even partially solved the cost challenge. A decent day at a middling golf course —fees, cart, drinks and grub—will cost over $150. There are courses with fees alone over $300 for that walk in the woods. The drinks and grub still cost the same (but are significantly better than golf/drink cart delivered fare), but simulator fees are in the $40 per hour range. A solo player can play 18 holes in an hour while our group does 18 holes in four hours—$40 each. And don’t forget the weather, a big factor in a Canadian winter. 
But now to the problem. In addition to the image of the digital ball screaming down the digital fairway and plunking into a digital pond, the 20 feet by 20 feet screen shows every measurable component of the golf swing ; club speed, golf ball speed, angle of attack, spin level, loft of launch, and whether you had sufficient gas inducing, fibre for breakfast. It is bad enough that all of this data is displayed for your buddies to see, but now all of this data enters your subconscious, and with your next swing you try and correct all of the (guaranteed) aberrations. Worse than that, if you ask, the software will give you a print out of all of those aberrations and you can take it home and obsess all week about technical swing details that are largely irrelevant to your swing or your enjoyment of the game. Remember my previous advice for those of you bored enough to take up the game? Get your set up correct (Ms. Google will show you how.) and then look at the target, look at the ball and hit the ball to the target. 1,2,3—1,2,3. That’s it. I wonder what the tech analyzed that nerf ball throw to your grandson would look like? And this brings us back to my weekly simulator game.
Unlike the marketing images of the “Topgolf” experiences throughout the U.S., our simulator business is totally inside (wise in a Calgary winter) and located in an industrial mall on the outskirts of town, likely with a heavy equipment rental operation on one side and a pet food supply store on the other. The place has a coffee machine, and a combination beer (no dope yet) and check in counter situated in a centre room surrounded by four open area hitting areas. This place would be the “Tin Cup” of simulators. The technology isn’t the most up to date, and the young lady that checks us in has to ‘reset’ the system at least once a round, but the price is right, it is warm and the Nespresso is free. 
The thwack of balls hitting the screens greets us as we enter and remove our winter boots at the door. Peter and Burt are already at the assigned screen, warming up at the simulated driving range. Gordie, our fourth, hasn’t arrived yet. 
“Morning gentlemen,” I offered as I hoisted my clubs into the bag holder of to the side of the ‘new to you’ unmatched, arm chairs that the owner told us he picked up on ‘Kijiji free.’ “Bring your money?” We play for quarters, although the agony of paying up was always considerably more than the loss of revenue. I am going to have to let them win more often or the golf will go the way of the poker.
Pete interrupted his swing and walked over to Ratched. “Hi. You must be the nurse we have heard so much about. (Not from me.) Nice to meet you. I’m Pete. I don’t envy you the task of having to look after this guy.” He offered his hand. Ratched shook it and only smiled. “But now that you are here, I wonder if you can help me with this pain I have in my elbow?”
Burt offered his hand as well, and nodded to Peter. “And maybe you can help with this pain in the ass we all have to endure?” 
Ratched laughed. “Pains in the ass are my specialty. Nice to meet you both. Enjoy your game. Chuck, I’ll just sit over by the coffee there and read my book.” She moved over to a waiting room chair near the entrance and the counter, pulled out the Wu Li book from her reusable grocery bag, and appeared to ignore us.
“Geordie isn’t coming,” Pete announced. “Something about meetings with lawyers. Apparently Karen is Skyping in from Goa. I’d like to be a fly on the wall for that one.”
“So what’s the game today? Hard to do something with three.”
“We could make a ghost player on the computer,” I offered. “ Give them a handicap and share the computed score?” We always played teams. “Of course I can beat both of you with any partner so it really doesn’t matter.”
Pete gave a snort laugh. “That right?’ He glanced over at Ratched. “Excuse me ma’am? Have you ever played golf?”
Ratched looked up from her book. “Excuse me?”
“Have you ever played golf?” Pete repeated.
Ratched paused and appeared thoughtful before answering. “I tried it in my youth.”
“Ok. We will give you the maximum handicap of 36 and you can be Chuck’s partner today.”
“You want me to play golf? On this machine?”
“Yeah. How about it? We promise not to tell blond jokes.”
Ratched didn’t laugh (neither did I) as she put her book back in the cloth food bag and ambled over to the playing area. “Ok. I’ll try and remember how to play. Chuck, are you covering my losses? I didn’t bring a roll of quarters.” 
“Right,” Pete announced. “Pebble beach today. And let’s double the bets today? What do you think Burt?” Apparently, they figured it was payback time, and Pete is a serial misogynist. He would never play golf with a woman at the real course. 
I’ll have to admit that I was not happy about any of this. Apart from the fact that my partner for the weekly competition was an old (Ok. Older.) woman, dressed in a bedsheet. (Ok. A caftan), and I hate losing anything much less a golf game with these guys, this woman had already interrupted my life enough, and to now be injected into my weekly golf escape was beyond my patience. “I’ll tell Brenda to take it out of your pay,” I responded with a little frost in my voice. “Let’s play.”
Like everything in my life recently, the game today did not turn out as I had expected. 
It is late tonight and the Flor de Cana bottle is empty. 
Sleep well friends. I’ll fill you in on the simulator thing tomorrow.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 38: A Misspent Youth
Tuesday, Jan 21,2020
Good morning all. I’m sorry to keep you in suspense about the simulator experience. I simply ran out of steam last night, not to mention I’m still a little confused over the events of the past 24 hours. I will tell you what happened, but first, several of you have told me to forget the stupid golf and give everyone and update on Katherine. Yes, I am worried, since I have not had a text from her in two months. She started her trip by sending me a short, weekly WhatsApp saying where she is and reporting on any progress in finding her mother. I checked my “Find Friends” app on my iPhone again and it says her phone is still in Toronto. At least she is in Canada. I’ll send her another WhatsApp tonight if I haven’t heard from her by then. I promise to keep you informed.
Now, back to yesterday and the golf.
I won’t give you a play by play of the gruesome details; rather simply tell you that Ratched totally embarrassed me. But not like you —or I—assumed when she put her book back in the recycle food bag and sauntered over to the hitting area.
Do you know what a sandbagger is? A ‘sandbagger’ is the most detested of golfers. This is the golfer who enters tournaments where they use handicaps (I won’t explain the golf handicap system. Look it up.) and uses a false handicap to increase their chances of winning. Of course, if every contestant does it then they negate each other’s cheating. But nonetheless, club players are scrupulous in determining their handicap in an honest way so that they can never be called a sandbagger. In truth, I would guess that most of the golfers I play with (including Brenda and Donald) go the other way— they provide a handicap that is lower than their actual ability. It lowers their chances of a tournament win, but increases their golf stature-bragging rights. Pete gave Ratched a 36, the highest handicap allowed. That would mean that if she were playing with a professional with a handicap of zero (some have negative handicaps), she would have to give Ratched two strokes a hole. So to tie a par 4, the pro would have to shoot a 4 while Ratched would only need a 6. Simple eh?? To give you an example closer to what actually happened yesterday, if a 36 handicap golfer shot the course par—say a 72?—then they would have a net score of 36. And they would win a lot of money and be forever known as the world’s biggest sandbagger.
Before I go into too much detail on what happened, this is a good time to —cautiously —enter into the ongoing debate about gender equity. This is a big topic around the bridge and after golf tables, always initiated by some politician announcing their progress towards gender equity in elected members, or a news report on how private sector boards are no more gender balanced than they were 40 years ago. It escalates into arguments about pay equity. Without overly simplifying the debate, Pete always argues the side that believes that men and women are different and therefore equity in everything is like forcing square pegs into round holes. Brenda barely hides her disgust for Pete’s perspective, and always tries to gently suggest that it is social norms and views—like his—that have created the gender differences. Then the group is off to a raging, often alcohol fueled, nature-nurture discussion. Peter (a lawyer) never gives. Brenda always wins. (A lawyer also, remember?). And Karen (remember her? The Goa one?) never says a thing as Geordie supports Pete’s perspective on this issue. No one appreciated it when I tried to suggest that maybe the two sides are conflating two discrete issues: equity and sameness. “Couldn’t we all agree that equity —in all applied forms—is a desirable state, while at the same time accepting that men and women are different?” I interjected —probably slurred— one night over a bridge table. “In the case of gender equality, we are talking about men and women being identical in value, yet, we are not the same. By conflating the terms we insinuate that differences are somehow corelated with value.”
Everyone was silent. Then Pete interjected. “So?”
Everyone laughed. Brenda threw a napkin at him, and the bridge continued with a discussion of the price of houses.
You might be wondering what this has to do with simulator golf that day. Simple. Ratched demonstrated the argument position that ‘different’ and ‘value’ (ability in this case) are not the same. I’ll start with the differences.
I don’t have to tell you again about Ratched’s appearance in general — a bit over 5 feet tall and modestly pear shaped. There have been a few successful professional golfers over the years that were not a model of athleticism. Think John Daly or Colin Montgomery. But the modern golfer parades their athletic preparation, and golf announcers today are as likely to comment on a golfer’s pecs as their backswing. I have been increasingly convinced that muscle mass, and even flexibility, are way overrated in the golf world, especially for the weekend duffer. I would send new golfers for music lessons —or dance lessons—before I would send them to the gym. No matter your physique or swing style, golf is all rhythm. Ratched did not radiate one iota of athletic aura. She shuffled over to the join us at the hitting area. Even under the caftan it was clear that her middle section was her most predominant body part. Her arms were unusually short, even for her squat shape. On the other hand, her feet (she wore the pair of Nike’s that she had jogged in earlier) were at least one size larger than my size 9s. I had never noticed before that her hands were large as well, but now as she gripped the driver that Pete handed her (with a smirk), I could see that the larger grip of a man’s driver was no challenge. 
Consequently, the difference ‘argument’ in appearance was a no brainer. And everything in her appearance suggested that today was going to cost me a lot of quarters and Pete and Burt were going to have a good laugh at Ratched’s expense.
“Try a practice swing Delores, (Ratched was only my secret name for her.)” Burt offered. “The simulator is on driving range.”
I cringed as she walked into the hitting area with Pete’s M6 driver. He still insists that he plays a stiff shaft. The golfers out there will know what this means and is an example of macho stupid. Few golfers over 30 should play stiff shafts, but few men are willing to admit it. I grimaced as she held the shaft with 10 fingers. (Only baseball players grip anything with all 10 fingers. Golfers use variations of an overlapping grip.) I grimaced more as she swung and missed the ball that Pete had teed up for her.
“Oops. Forgot to keep my head down,” She quipped. “That’s one of the rules isn’t it?”
“First rule is that you hit the ball, Delores,” Pete observed while trying not to laugh. “And try holding the club like this.” He went over to Ratched and showed her how to grip the club overlapping the pinky of her righthand on the pointer finger of her left. 
She tried again and the ball went off the toe of the club and hit the wall of the hitting area and bounced back at Burt’s chair. “Shit,” he laughed as he picked the ball up from his lap. “We are going to need helmets today. Nice shot Delores. Can you hit it to the left as well?”
“Try again Lady,” Pete offered with less patience than a moment ago. He was clearly wondering if this had been a good idea after all. “Aim for the screen this time.”
If you weren’t a student of golf like me you would not have noticed the characteristics of her next swing. To the casual golfer it would simply be described as ‘different’ or ‘weird’, but I knew I had seen it somewhere before. She took the club in her original 10 finger grip, and instead of her hands dropping from her shoulders to be over her toes (difficult for her, since I had doubts that she could see her toes over her torso), she pointed the club straight in front of her so that the shaft was a straight line extension of her arms. She placed the club head about 8 inches behind the teed ball, I saw her look up at some spot on the screen, and rotate her body to hit the ball while keeping her arm-shaft line stiff through most of the swing. The ball hit a spot on the screen 2 feet up from the bottom and 2 feet from the left edge. The simulator registered a drive that went out of bounds left.
“Alright,” Pete gloated. “You have the idea. Let’s play.”
You golfers out there will be familiar with “Pebble Beach” golf. The California golf resort has three famous courses that host one of the oldest and most entertaining golf tournament in the professional schedule. Simulator golf is the only way that mere golfing mortals like us would ever get to play it. Pete had chosen the Cypress Point layout. The first hole is a long, but straight, par 4 (409 yards for the Ladies and 421 for the men). Pete and Burt both had bogies and I had a lucky, chip in par. Ratched’s drive, second and third and fourth and fifth shots were similar to her last simulator shot and got her 10 feet in front of the green. With our handicaps, the three if us had net pars, so with her 2 strokes a hole she would have to sink her chip for us to halve the hole with Pete and Burt. I watched as she chipped the ball twenty feet past the hole and took three putts to hole out. That gave her a net (number of shots minus handicap) 7 and us a combined net 11 to their net 8. “I guess we get the first hole eh Chuck?” Pete announced. “I may pay off my mortgage this afternoon.” He joked as he jumped from his seat and teed up for the second hole.
The second hole was a par five and ranked as the hardest hole on the course. The story was the same. The three men played their usual level—mostly bogies with the occasionally par—and Ratched duffed her way up the fairway to another big score. “Sorry about this Chuck,” she offered as the screen popped up the third hole, a par three. “I guess I’m a little rusty.”
“Don’t worry about it Delores,” I was actually feeling sorry for her. It is never fun to be embarrassed on a golf course. “I should never have agreed to this. You don’t have to continue if you want?”
She actually winked. “Since you have remembered my name, I will keep going Chuck. You can take the losses out of my wages.” 
I did tell you that I wouldn’t waste your time with a play by play of the 18 holes. I assume that the eyes of some of you non-golfers are already glazing over. So I’ll truncate my story and jump to the 14th hole, a challenging dogleg (it looks like what it is called) par 4. Ratched and I were down 13 to 0. She had swung the club exactly the same way, and each shot had the same direction and trajectory. Her play —and our scores—had only marginally improved from hole to hole.
“Tell them you will do double or nothing,” she whispered to me as we approached the tee box. 
“Are you nuts?” I was astounded. “They are totally embarrassing us now. It will be 18 to nothing. They call it a bagel in tennis! I’ll never live down a bagel.”
“Just do it Chuck,” she ordered. “Or I’ll make up some more stories about your brain?”
I glared at her as we moved to the tee area. Pete and Burt—with more laughter and teasing— of course accepted my offer, But I was not happy.
All three men hit usual old men drives, not far, but on the green stuff. Ratched hit her usual drive, low and right, and ended up 180 yards from the green. She then hit her second shot and for the first time in the round her low screamer landed in front of the green and rolled up to 10 feet from the hole. We all missed the green and chipped close enough to get bogies. She sunk her putt for birdie and a net 1. She and I won the hole, 5 to their 10.
“Ooh,” she cooed to Pete as she picked her ball up from the hole. “That was fun. I might learn to like this game.” 
Up to this point Burt and I had rarely seen Pete so bubbly. He laughed more than once when one of Ratched’s chips was skulled. “So much for gender equity. Eh?” he joked after one of her drives went long and straight to the left, and out of bounds. He hadn’t had a birdie all day. Now he scowled. And I know why he never played golf with a woman, not even his wife. “Wonderful. Shall we double it again?”
“Sure,” Ratched instantly replied without looking at me. “How about we go scratch (that is, start over again from 0-0), drop handicaps (just use the raw score) for the last 4 holes? And make the bet $50 a hole? An extra $20 for a birdie? $100 for the match?”
“You’re kidding right, lady?” Pete was astounded. “One good hole and you think that your contorted swing will magically work?” he laughed. “Look. I know I have been a little tough on you. But it has all been in fun. It is just that I think that the genders should stay in their place. Men and women are different and they should both stick to the roles their gender defines. This whole Libtard equity thing is going to destroy our country and our businesses. (I’d heard all of this many times.) Take it from me. I’ve worked with a lot of women on corporate boards over the years and few have instincts for the job.” He took a breath rand paused, realizing that all of us were staring at him. “But I don’t’ want to take your —or Chuck’s—money.”
“It’s OK, Pete,” I interjected. “Take the bet. I’ll cover her side.” You see, I suddenly recognized two things. The first, of course, were the classic signs of a sting that Peter’s ego wouldn’t let him see. I had been hustled once before when I was a brash, beer filled, pool player in a bar in Northern Ontario (lost a week’s pay), so I recognized that either Ratched was an idiot (That reads Stephen Hawkins?), or her show on the course so far was the set up for a classic hustle. And Peter’s male ego created the perfect patsy. The second was her swing. Her swing form, while certainly unorthodox, was too consistent to be incompetent. And I finally dragged up from that eidetic memory where I had seen it before. In one of my bored winter Calgary moments, while I Google toured the thousands of golf YouTubes, I came across a reproduced, grainy late 60s video of an early Moe Norman, perhaps the most famous and best Canadian male golfer ever. (Ok. Famous to us obsessed, golf Internet, searchers). Her swing was Norman’s for sure. Someone has given her golf lessons. Her swing is very different for sure, but certainly of equal value. At that point I realized that her golf misses for the first 14 holes were purposeful and as I reflected on each one of them (eidetic, remember) I could see that the ball went exactly where she intended. 
“Game on,” Pete cheerfully accepted the bet. He looked over at an astounded (and clearly un-duped but silent) Burt. “Don’t worry Burt. I know that Susan manages your budget, so I will cover the bet. I’ll buy her flowers with the winnings.” 
The rest of the game went exactly as, by now, you have figured out. She birdied three of the final four holes. I had two double bogies, but it didn’t matter because by the 17th hole Pete finally figured out that he had been duped by the most egregious sandbagging episode I had ever seen. He tripled on both the 17th and 18th . “I’ll and send you a check,” were his last words as stomped out of the simulator room without the usual handshake. 
“That will be $340,” Ratched yelled to his back.
“Next time you are my partner lady,” Burt laughed, squinted, and shook my hand and gave Ratched a man-hug, before heading to his car.
Neither of us spoke on the drive home. Ratched’s interjection in my life continues to shatter my predictable existence. Peter will never play with me again. Maybe never be my friend again. Maybe sue me for something (my lawyer, remember)? Maybe he’ll post a class action suit on behalf of every male golfer in the world? Burt is probably Ok, but the story of today will be so embellished through his telling, that it will be a long while before I can show my face at the club. I need some time to think before I have a longer discussion with this lady.
That’s all for today. Maybe I should try and get back on the Sunday morning blog routine and leave you alone for the rest of the week. So see you this Sunday.
Have a great week folks!
Chuck 
Index



Blog 39: The Granny scam.
Sunday, January 26,2020
Good Sunday morning friends. I’m glad that some of you golf obsessed actually looked up Moe Norman. Head to the driving range and have fun. Especially listen to his rhythm notions—a natural swing. In hindsight, I realized that natural rhythm is why Ratched was so good, despite her unusual physique. Her body shape wouldn’t be in the way of her skipping a stone across a pond, so why would it be in the way of a good golf swing? By the way, before you ask, I still have not raised the golf topic with Ratched, so I have no idea where her skill came from. In fact, I have hardly talked to her this past week. I’m nervous about what new twist she would interject in my life if I had too much association with her. So I walked everywhere I wanted to go to this week, and I focused on finding some private time with Brenda. I’ll tell you more about that later.
But enough golf for now. I have another topic for this week’s blog that was prompted by phone call I received Saturday morning. I was hiding in my den watching a golf channel rerun of the 2003 Masters. Mike Weir was about to make his historic 6 feet putt that made him the only Canadian to ever win the tournament, when my cell phone rang. The name was hidden, but from the area code I recognized it as a Montreal number. I don’t usually answer any calls that I don’t recognize or show the caller name hidden, and I have good software that blocks any number with more than 10 digits. (IT guy, remember?) This blocks out all of those fake CRA calls telling me I am just about to be arrested for back taxes, or the calls telling me my Microsoft operating system isn’t working and if I just give them my Visa card they will fix it. As an IT guy I have always been fascinated at the strategies these scammers use to get our contact numbers, and even more fascinated by how successful they are in picking pockets. There actually is a special national crime unit located in North Bay, Ontario that researches these scammers and looks for ways to thwart them, but the guy there told me that he estimates the crooks rake in in excess of 25 million a year in Canada alone. Go figure. I’m constantly surprised at the stupidity of people. The Montreal call was a first for me.
“Hello. Chuck here,” I tentatively answered.
“Mr. Profiterole?” A slightly accented voice asked. I couldn’t place the accent. It wasn’t French like I would have suspected with a Montreal call.
“Yes.”
“Good,” he feigned relief. “I’m so glad we reached you. Do you have a moment to chat?” 
“Maybe,” I answered with a cold tone, suspecting I was in for a pitch.
“Are you the Grandfather of…” He paused like he was reading something. “Katherine Profiterole?”
Now he had my attention. Kat’s passport read Profiterole, but she decided when she was 12 years old to use Lorne’s last name rather than her Father’s. It was partly due to a pre-teen Father-Daughter fight, but also because she thought the name Felicien was more reflective of her Caribbean genes, despite the fact that Lorne’s family was from Barbados and we had no idea where Kat’s genes came from. Graham’s relationship with her mother was such that a discussion of her heritage was not a priority, and once she disappeared from Kat’s life none of us had any interest in finding her. So Kat would never tell someone to ask me if I was the Grandfather of a Profiterole.
“Maybe,” I cautiously replied. “Why do you want to know?”
“My name is Alexandru Petrescu (Ok. A Romanian accent?) and I am a partner with the law firm Petrescu, Donahue and Boucher in Montreal. (I typed it into Ms. Google as he talked. It was a real firm and he is listed as a partner. I looked at his bio. He was born and raised in Quebec so the accent was strange.) We have been contacted by your Granddaughter to represent us in her court case.”
“What court case?” I cautiously inquired.
“We have a partner firm in Bangkok, Thailand and she contacted them after being arrested for drug possession. Since she is Canadian, they asked us to contact you. This is a very serious charge in Thailand Mr. Profiterole. She could face a lengthy jail cell.”
“Oh my God,” I used my best panic voice. “What can I do? Why haven’t I heard from her?”
“I’m not sure why she hasn’t called you, but I would guess that due to the seriousness of the crime she is being held in some sort of solitary confinement. A very unpleasant circumstance in a place like Thailand.”
“Oh my God,” I feigned full-blown panic now. “We need to do something right away.”
“That is why we are here, Sir,” he soothed. “We can represent her, and with our contacts and expertise, both get her out of jail and, with some work, maybe even get her on a plane home.”
“ How soon can you do this? Get on it” I ordered.
A soothing, this time confident, voice again. “I’m glad that you are supportive Mr. Profiterole. With your help we can end her nightmare quickly and get her home to her family.”
“What can I do?” I was perhaps a little too enthusiastic.
“Just send us a small retainer and some funds to ‘facilitate’ things in Thailand. Ten thousand should be enough to start.” I could imagine him winking when he used the term ‘facilitate’.
“Wow! That is a lot of dough. If I can round it up how can I send the money?” I envisioned him giving a fist pump to a friend in a neighboring cubicle somewhere in Hyderabad. 
“The best way to facilitate all of the transactions would be for you to send us Bitcoins of that value. Then we can send the needed funds to Thailand.”
I paused like I was thinking. “I’ve heard of Bitcoins but I don’t know how to send you any?”
“Please. No worries. I can tell you how to do it easily.”
“Ok. Tell me and let’s get this done.”
He proceeded to walk me through how to go on line and buy $10 thousand of Ethereum and send it to a Gmail address—the firm accountant’s email he said.
“OK. But I have never heard of that ether stuff and I have a 12-year-old Dell computer. My son gave it to me when I retired. I don’t do much on the Internet so I’m not sure I can do all of that. I don’t trust all of that new technology stuff. I go to my bank when I want money. Maybe I can go to the bank and they can do it all for me?”
“No,” he gave a quick and panicked response, then went calm again. “I wouldn’t bother the bank with this issue. No worries. (He must have lived in Australia at some point). Can you get cash?”
I tried to sound defensive. “Sure. I have some cash in a savings account. But it is making good interest right now. Not sure I want to touch that.”
“Sir,” he lectured, “ This is your daughter —granddaughter—that needs you right now.”
I paused to think for a moment. “Ok. Sorry. Tell me again how to do all of this.”
I could tell he wasn’t comfortable with the rejection of the Bitcoin process. I was curious what he would suggest as an alternative. He then proceeded to tell me to go to the bank and get cash and go to my local Western Union office and send cash to a Western Union office in Toronto. He gave me a password to use so any of his staff could pick it up. I assured him I would do it right away. 
I didn’t do it right away of course. I called the police to report him and they put me through to someone in their fraud squad. They told me that this was clearly one form of what they now call the “Granny Scam”, named for the focus of this type of scam on Grandparents. Both the officer and I agreed that this one was especially slick. They skimmed a Canadian phone number and used a real lawyer’s office. Drug arrests in Bangkok are common and the courts are tough on foreigners. And Kat had supposedly been in Thailand, I had even booked a ticket for that, although I cancelled it later when she went to Toronto. The officer guessed that someone in the airline office passed on names and passport details from that first booking to a scammer operation. Of course, the holes in the story where evident if anyone wanted to lower their panic level and think. Andrescu was born in Quebec so anything other than a French accent was unlikely. There was no mention of a Thailand partner on the firms website. And of course, no reputable firm would use Bitcoin. And now I think that the slight accent was maybe Caribbean. The only nagging issue for me was that my Find Friends App on my iPhone indicated that Kat was in Toronto. And I hadn’t heard from her in a couple of months.
“What happens next?” I asked the fraud squad officer on the phone.
“Despite the Indian government’s recent crackdown, these operations pop up all the time, mostly in the Indian tech centre of Hyderabad. We will add your experience to the list. But unless the government in India wants to do something all we can do is educate people about these types of scams. The only way to stop them is to stop people from falling for them. The usual next step is for someone to call you impersonating your Granddaughter and begging for money for some drastic life-saving reason. That one really seems to suck in seniors.”
I hung up from my call with the officer more than a little pissed. Apart from the fact that someone out there thinks that we seniors are particularly susceptible to tricksters —which really pisses me off—essentially the message is that the only defense against this fraud is our own awareness. There are, of course, some actions we can take to avoid getting called in the first place. For example, I can tell you as an IT guy that you should immediately chuck your supposed landline phone. I say supposed because many of you have fallen for those cheap Internet, Tv and Phone offers. The phone part of these deals is not a “landline” but Internet telephony (called VOIP) and easily hacked. And as much as possible try to avoid giving out your cell number when you buy online or register for a webpage. Customer data is becoming more and more tradable like a commodity, some for marketing purposes but some for use by fraudsters. Some of the most common phone scams are threatening calls from the CRA (they never phone), technical support calls (the Microsoft call), fake charity appeals (happens after every disaster), lottery scams (if it too good to be true…?), family members in peril (the Granny fraud), bank fraud calls (Banks will never ask for your numbers over the phone). And so on. You can look them up yourself. The thing that amazes me about these scams is how successful they are. As I mentioned before, according to the North Bay guy 40% of us in Canada fall for one of these pitches and collectively lose $24 million a year. 
I figure the only scams that I fall for on a regular basis are those that Donald brings me, although apparently the dope stocks are recovering, and since he bought in after the 2019 Marijuana stock crash, he could make a bundle —if he is smart enough to sell. The hydro something pharmaceutical just sounds nuts. I haven’t heard from him and Laverne since our last discussion, so I guess they don’t need any more bailing out. Graham called me again this morning asking again if I had heard from Katherine, but I didn’t tell him about the fraud call.
This morning I can hear Brenda and Ratched in the kitchen, chatting and shuffling some dishes, although I can’t make out the topic of their conversation. They are probably trading laughs about my brain status. After the golf session Brenda and I had a minor confrontation over Ratched’s presence. Brenda insists that Ratched is necessary since, from her observation, I am still showing signs of MCI (Remember? Mild Cognitive Impairment?). I disputed that and asked for evidence. Then I sarcastically (maybe a little anger?) suggested that forgetting where the sugar was stored in the pantry wasn’t conclusive evidence of a decline into Alzheimer’s. As she stormed out the front door (it was Pickleball morning), I suggested that her observations might be more valid if she stayed home once in a while. I’ve been avoiding Ratched all week, but it is clear that she and I must have a showdown. This whole charade has gone on far too long. 
I’ll try and leave you alone until next Sunday. In the meantime, stay ‘phone’ safe friends.
Cheers
Chuck 
Index



Blog 40: Another Call
Sunday, February 2,2020
Thank you for your scam stories this week. It would be a useful blog for me to share all of your scam stories —the ones you avoided and the ones you fell for. Others could benefit from your experiences. Maybe in a future blog I’ll share your experiences, but for now I am going to continue my own scam story. Yesterday, a week after the first call from the lawyer, I had the expected call from the errant grandchild, and I have decided to do something about it. The call came at a bad time for the scammers. Too bad for them. My year seventy has not been a banner year and someone is going to have to pay the price of my state of mind. Last night I watched one of all-time favorite flicks, The Shawshank Redemption, another one of those old movies that Graham downloaded. I can’t remember the exact words, but there was an often-repeated thought by the lead characters, (played by Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman) that prisoners had two clear choices, “Get busy living, or get busy dying.” Of course, Robbin’s character got busy living and thus the redemption. I feel this is the choice that I have faced over the past year. Am I now just keeping busy passing time waiting to die? How am I living? Is ‘living’ passing my time on a golf simulator? A bridge game? A walk around the block? Joining other adventurers on a luxury Europe river cruise? Given the drain I have been on our socialized health system maybe the saying should be changed to “KEEP on living”. I remember blogging once (seems like a long time ago now) about how some sort of old person ‘redemption’ can come from learning new things. New sport? (The pickleball explosion with the retired crowd). New musical instrument? (Piano lessons anyone?) New relationships? (I need to chat with Brenda about that one.) New roles? (Grandparenting can be a full time job.) Learning could indeed be ‘getting busy living.’ And, from the notes I received about your own adventures there are many of you who are indeed getting on living. Good on ya, my friend. And I think up until my 70th I was doing a pretty good living job myself. The events of the past month have upended it all. But now I am pissed off and all of this is going to change.
But now the phone call yesterday. It is the one that assumes that because I am an old person, I am good mark for a scam. It assumes that if I am Grandparent then I am slightly deaf, use an old fashioned ‘land line’ phone, still pay cash—at the teller, not the self-checkout—at the grocery store, still have a ‘change purse’, only read “The National Enquirer”, have to call a grandchild to get help turning on the computer (that we didn’t want to buy), wear those white orthotic walking shoes, only eat pot roast (or something else with no spices), and the most intellectual moment of the day is sorting out our pills. As that North Bay fraud officer told me, this type of fraud is even called the “Granny Scam,” so apparently scammers also think that old women are more gullible than men, the ultimate gender bias. 
“Hello,” I offered as I cautiously answered my iPhone (a new Pro for those of you think old folks don’t like technology.) The iPhone indicated that the call was from some foreign exchange. 
“Grandfather,” a hesitant voice offered. “It is Katherine.
“So good to hear from you Katherine,” I tried to sound like I was talking through tears of relief. “We were all wondering if you were lost somewhere. Where are you? You OK?”
“Hey yourself Grandfather,” Kat replied. (First clue. She has never called me Grandfather. Gramps only.) “No. Not lost. Just pretty busy over the past few weeks.” 
Silence. Totally unlike Kat. Usually when I get her on the phone she can’t stop talking. Kat is never known for shortage of either words or opinions. Now she was waiting for me to talk.
“Your father is worried. You should send him at least a text and tell him you are safe?”
“Ok,” she agreed in a quiet, unemotional voice. “How is Grandmother?” Kat and Brenda never got along well; so asking about Brenda would be unusual, as would be calling her Grandmother. For some reason Kat always called Brenda by her name and for some reason Brenda never objected. With my recent research on the common scams, and my recent call from the lawyer, I was now on high alert for the “Granny Scam” (sorry Grannies out there). Apparently, despite my best “Tech guy” efforts to keep it secret, they have my cell phone number. I was trying to determine if this actually was Kat, since someone pretending to be a grandchild is a common theme of the scam. I needed to get her to talk some more so I can at least determine if this is her voice.
“She is fine, Katherine, (I never call her Katherine).” I replied. “She still enjoys her knitting group (“gag me,” Brenda would say to that one) and volunteering at the Humane Society (Brenda only likes designer dogs). And your Dad and Lorna have opened up a new Pizza restaurant in Marda Loop (Ha. curried Pizza?). But what have you been up to and where are you?”
She didn’t flinch at the obvious (to the real Kat anyhow) misinformation about her family. “Just travelling around. But that is why I called. I’m in Thailand and I ran into a bit of trouble. And I need your help. Did you get a call from a lawyer?”
I still couldn’t determine for sure if this was actually Kat. Whoever it was certainly had my cell number. And they knew enough to call me and not Brenda or her father. Kat would know that Brenda would not be sympathetic and while her father would panic, he never had quick access to cash. The one- two punch—first lawyer and then fake Grandchild— was apparently a common scam tactic to get a bite. “Yes,” I replied. “They told me what happened to you. Drugs?”
“Not me Grandfather,” she appeared to be whimpering. (The only time I ever hear Kat come close to crying was when she was 8 years old and broke her arm attempting some kind of trick on the local park playground apparatus). “One of the kids in the hostel must have put some drugs in my backpack without me knowing it. When my bag was searched at the airport the police found it and arrested me.”
“Are you in jail now?”
“Yes,” more whimpering. “It is awful Grandfather.” A sob. “The food is sickening. There are bugs in the bed in my cell. The lawyer in Montreal has some contacts here and made them let me call you, but I only have a few moments Grandfather. And they are listening. (They. Not ‘the police’). You need to help me. If you just send the lawyer some money they can get me out of here and get the charges dropped.” The steady sobbing made it hard for me to recognize her voice. 
“Ok!” I pretended to be on the verge of tears myself. “I’ll get right on it Katherine. When the lawyer calls I’ll figure out a way to get them some money. I’ll take care of it Katherine. I love you. Don’t lose hope.” (Katherine would call that a little “thick”).
“Thank you Grandfather,” her voice cleared up a bit. “I love you too. They are taking the phone away now so I have to go. Give my love to Grumpy Cat.”
Then she was gone. And I finally knew that the call was indeed from Kat. When she was 10 and started walking to school on her own, she and I decided that we should have a secret password in case someone tried to pick her up and say that I had sent them. There had been a rash of attempted kid abductions by men in old pick-up trucks. If she was approached by someone who said that I asked him (or her) to pick Kat up from school, she could ask for the password, and if the person couldn’t give it, then she should run to the nearest home. That last name she gave was the password, so I knew that the call was indeed from her. But here is the thing. The name wasn’t exactly the password. The real password was simply Grumpy (She picked it. Named after a YouTube famous cat). Adding cat to the name was this Kat telling me that it was she, but something was wrong. I figured that I only had a few moments before I would get another call from the Montreal lawyer. I turned off my phone to give me some time to think about all of this. There is nothing in the scam playbook that fit the details of this event. I checked Find Your Friends again and it said Kat’s phone was still in Toronto.
I suppose I should have called the police again right away, but I was having one of my angry moments (too many of those lately). I already knew from my chat with the fraud officer that this would simply be tacked up as another scam that they could never prosecute. The police would be solicitously pleasant as they pat another old person on the head and tell them to be more careful next time with their phone number, and then go back to the real police business of catching texting drivers. In the space of a few weeks I have lost pickleball, my golf buddies, apparently a piece of my brain, my independence, and my family is treating me as if the only thing I have left in the world is to “get on with dying.” I figured if Tim Robbins could chip away at his jail cell wall for 20 years, I could deal with this one myself. (By the way, the irony was not lost on me that Robbin’s character was supposed to have killed his wife and her ‘Golf Pro’ lover. A genuine coitus-interruptus apparently.)
I flicked on my Air and started to type. If I were on TV I would be using little yellow stickies on a wall.
Facts:
They have my phone number.
They knew Kat was supposed to be in Thailand.
They called me and not Graham. 
I never called her Katherine.
She never calls me Grandfather.
Kat would never ‘sob’
Password is just Grumpy, not Grumpy Cat.
Her iPhone is in Toronto.
They not only have her iPhone, but her.
The lawyer will call back and ask for money again.

Supposition:
They think I am the old person who will fall for this.
They think old people have money.
They think old people are stupid.
Grandparents are more patient with Grandchildren follies than parents.
Kat is in some kind of difficulty and she is warning me.
Police won’t so anything.
I don’t know if I gave them money if Kat would be freed.

Action:
Go find Kat.
That last action item didn’t come to me right away. In many ways the events of the past few weeks had deflated me, making me start to believe that everyone was right, I am just a physically and mentally declining old man—and I should behave like that. Give up fast cars and stick to simulator golf. Watch the spicy food and take your statin. (At a minimum.) Get your intellectual jollies from “Jeopardy.” I was starting to succumb to the old person assumption of getting on with dying. As I went over my list again and again, that declining brain got increasingly agitated at the notion of some scammer sitting somewhere in Montreal assuming that I —a brain diminished senior—would send them some money. And that they will get away with it. But mostly it dawned on me that Kat might actually be in some sort of danger and that if I didn’t do something about it, then no one would.
So I am going to go and find Kat.
I’ll fill you in on my next steps (once I figure them out), but in the meantime my friends, get on with living.
Cheers
Chuck
Index



Blog 41: An Action Plan
3 AM Wednesday, February 5th, 2020
First of all, thanks for the encouragement. I lost count of the number of “go for it!” comments I have received from all of you (over 500 followers now!). I can assure you that I am indeed ‘going for it’, and the last few days have been a flurry of actions preparing for my assault on the jerks that are scamming me and somehow coercing Kat. You might have noticed that the day of this post is the Wednesday after my last post on Sunday. I need to tell you again that my Blog posts will not be on a regular basis from now on. Once I get on the road (yes, I am going), and while I will take my tiny, loyal MacBook Air, I’m not sure that I will have the time or the opportunity to keep you informed. The worst that might happen is that I fill you in when I get back after rescuing Kat and vanquishing the bad guys. (If I can remember what happens. Ha!) I am actually booked on a plane to Toronto (explain in a moment) in four hours, (note the hour of this blog) before the Uber comes, I’ll take the opportunity to fill you in on the past few days now, but this may be the last post for a while.
Last Sunday morning, after I had posted the blog to you folks, and once I had decided what I was going to do, I turned my iPhone back on. It had been off for 24 hours after Kat’s call, so there was a collection of messages: a reminder of an appointment with a neurologist next week (cancel that), a message from the provincial NDP party asking for more money to help combat Kenney (I decided to do that before I leave), a threatening message from the CRA (that one made me laugh out loud), and finally a message the night before from the Montreal lawyer. It was brief, formal and to the point. 
“Mr. Profiterole, we hope that you have had enough time to consider the plight of your Granddaughter. We have not yet received the retainer. Time is of the essence if we wish to intervene in her case. I will call you back in the morning to review the payment instructions. Thank you.”
He didn’t leave a name, and he didn’t leave a phone number for me to call back. I checked my ‘recents’ list on the iPhone and saw that I had a call at 6AM this morning from an ‘unknown’ 888 number. The dummy didn’t even realize that Calgary is 2 hours behind Montreal and I was unlikely to be up at 6AM. (I am usually up, but keep my iPhone on ‘do not disturb’ until 8AM.) But he did call back at 8 AM my time and I was ready.
“Yes,” I cautiously answered. As if the phone would bite me if I held it too close to my ear.
“This is Alexandru Petrescu Mr. Profiterole.” His voice was deep and serious. “The lawyer representing your granddaughter Katherine. How are you and your family doing?”
Showing concern for me was a nice touch. “I remember you, sir,” I responded in a quiet and solicitous voice. “But we are all very concerned about getting Katherine home.” I wanted him to imagine tears running down my cheek and into my Starbucks.
“It is a difficult situation,” he soothed. “But we are very experienced in dealing with these matters. Stay positive.”
I paused and blew my nose. “Thank you for your help Mr. Petrescu. We wouldn’t know what to do without your help in this thing.” 
“Well,” he sighed. “Then let’s get on with it. As I told you before, the first thing we need is that retainer I mentioned and we have not received that yet? After that I will let you know what is necessary to smooth—so to speak—matters in Thailand. I said 10 thousand the last time we talked, but if you can manage 5, then we can get started.” He was hoping to keep me on the line for more than one donation.
“I went to the bank after your last call. I found out that I do have about $5000 in my savings account so I have to sell some of my investments to get more money if you need it. A lady there told me they are apparently in mutual funds that have a big penalty for early withdrawal, and she advised me not to do that. She suggested that if I needed money immediately she could arrange a short term loan.”
“Don’t you do any online banking?” he cautiously inquired.
I responded sharply. “Told you. I don’t trust a computer with my money.”
“Did she ask you what the loan was for?”
“Yup. Told her I wanted to buy a new car. A cash deal only.”
“How much did you make the loan for?”
“Forty thousand. Told her it was a two year old MDX.”
I could hear him licking his lips. “Good for you. With any luck that should be enough to get your granddaughter home to her family. Do you have the money now?”
“No. Only the $5000. I just arranged the loan yesterday. Nothing happens today on Sunday. The lady said everything should be finalized later in the week.”
“Ok. Send the $5000 through Western Union as I told you before and our firm will get started. We can wait until later this week to get the rest of the money.” He paused. “But we might still need those mutual funds at some point?”
“Whatever,” I assured him. “Let’s just get Katherine home. I have the cash and I will go to Western Union as soon as they open tomorrow morning.”
“I believe the Western Union office is open this afternoon in Calgary? You could do it today? There is some urgency to this matter.” There was a pause and the sound of some papers being shuffled. “Are you aware of the spreading of that virus in China to Thailand? Prisons are petri dishes for these types of viruses.” He continued to talk like he was reading. “I’m sure you want to get your loved one back to Canada away from that virus and back to Canada as soon as possible?”
I was only vaguely aware of the virus causing some problems in China spreading to Thailand. “Does your accountant lady work Sunday?”
“We all appreciate the urgency of this matter, Mr. Profiterole.”
“I’m on it sir,” I assured him.
“Good for you. I’ll call you back later this week to see how your loan is coming, and to fill you in our progress with the Thailand situation.” 
I tried to sound helpless— and grateful. “Thanks again for your help.” 
“No worries,” (Australian with a Romanian accent?) he comforted. “That is what we are here for. I’ll call you later this week.”
Game on. I waited until noon and drove (Yeah, I know. No license. I took a chance.) to the Western Union in the Glamorgan Safeway and sent the $5000. I figured this was a good investment, and I am counting on their greed and their salivating over the prospect of the non-existent 40 thousand loan, and maybe even the non-existent mutual funds. After I came back from Safeway, I checked the location of Kat’s phone again and it was still in Toronto in an apartment building on Jane Street. I figured that the $5000 would buy me a few days before the jerks would want some more investment. At that point I started to think more carefully about what I was intending to do. It dawned on me that, while I might be able to get away from here easily enough, as soon as I was missing Brenda and crew would immediately put out an all points on me. Remember, I’m a deluded, demented senior. We wander off all the time. I could send her and the boys a note telling them that I am fine and to not worry, I am simply running off to Toronto (and who knows where else?) to chase some scammers who are holding our Kat hostage? I’m sure that will comfort them. Right. I decided that I would indeed leave an email, and tell them not to worry, that I am fine, and just decided to do a little solo travelling, but leaving out the details. I’ll copy the note to Brenda, Donald and to Graham, and send a separate note to Graham to ensure him (he will the only one who might believe me) that I am fine and to just wait to hear from me. I know that none of this will stop them from trying to find me and stop me, but the email will keep the police out of it for a while.
Then, on Monday morning I started to prepare for erasing a digital trail. (IT guy remember?) I announced at breakfast Monday morning that I needed to go to the mall this morning to get my iPhone fixed. 
“What’s wrong with it?” Brenda inquired through slurps of her green goo. “Isn’t it new?”
“Keeps crashing in Safari,” I announced. “Must have a bug or something.”
“Virus, Chuck,” she clarified with slightly exasperated voice. “It’s a virus.”
“Right. A virus. At any rate maybe Delores could drive me over this morning?” 
“Up to her,” she offered. “But that’s what I pay her for. Gotta go. Class starts in 15 minutes. Good luck.” She left the back door to the garage as Ratched came up the stairs from her basement lair.
“Heard that Chuck,” she announced. “Can I have my coffee first?”
Ratched and I have had little engagement since the episode at the golf simulator. I hadn’t asked her to drive me anywhere since I had cancelled all my future games. And, other than kitchen forays, she had stayed in her basement. I often heard the game show screams, and once I thought I heard some sort of classical music I couldn’t recognize played through the TV sound surround system. But other than that, even though for most of the day we were the only people in the house, we respected each other’s space. I had my den and she had her basement. I suppose I could have taken an Uber to the mall, but that might have been a little obvious, or at least some sort of insult, so I asked her.
“Sure. The mall and the banks don’t open until 10 anyhow.”
“Banks?”
“Yeah. Need to do a little banking as well.” I changed my mind. She only needs to know about one. “Just the Royal.”
When we got to the mall I told her to go shopping or mall walking or something and I would meet her back at the entrance in an hour. I figured that would give me the time I needed. I went to the bank first and withdrew $8000 in cash and a $40,000 bank draft made out to me (Not a loan. I had the cash.). The explanation that I was intending to start an account at another bank with the draft was accepted, although I had to make up a story about not wanting to do it electronically. 
I went to the Apple store and bought another new iPhone Pro with some of the cash. I bought it unlocked and told the clerk that I would register it later with my email and phone number etc. I walked three stores down the hall to the Koodoo store and started an account with a new phone number and 10 gigs of data. I registered “pay as you go’ so I could add the credit card later. I walked over to Starbucks and nurturing a flat white, I used my new phone and number to establish a new Gmail account. Then I went to the other end of the mall (with a new email account and phone number) and started a chequing account at the Bank of Nova Scotia with the 40K. Brenda et al will be able to learn that I took out the 40K draft, but will not know about the Scotia account. I also applied to for a Scotia credit card and Interac card, and they gave me temporary ones to use immediately. I used the address of an Airport Hotel in Toronto to receive the permanent cards and asked that they be sent care of Seamus Profit, the name I had would use to make the Hotel booking using the new card.
With the new phone hidden in my puffer jacket pocket, I met Ratched at the entrance and we went home without speaking. Back in my den, I booked a 7 AM, Wednesday, one way, cheap fare ticket with WestJet to Pearson, as well as a pre-paid room for a week at an airport hotel under the name Seamus Profit. Brenda knows that I only fly Air Canada, so at the same time I booked a return business ticket ( I always flew business, so it would be suspicious if I booked the cheapy seat) to Cabo using my old credit card (she can check our accounts and see the expenditure). They will waste the time chasing that one down before they think to check out another airline.
I spent the rest of Monday and Tuesday acting as normal as I could. I was conversant with Brenda and extra polite with Ratched. I even suggested that Brenda and I go out to dinner last night (Tuesday) and over Fish and Chips at the nearest pub, she told me about her bridge, yoga, pickleball and the latest scandals. (Who was cheating on whom? Nothing to match the Goa escape though.) Apparently, she and the volunteer pickleball coach were going in a dinking tournament (For real. It is called dinking!) the coming weekend. During the whole dinner, she never asked once how I was doing. Like, “How is your head Chuck? Any headaches? Any signs of residual effects of the bump? Are you Ok with Ratched driving you for a while?” I’m not sure if she doesn’t care, or simply doesn’t want to know the answers? Ratched at least asked me how I was feeling, but then she is supposed to be a nurse so maybe that was natural. I haven’t seen much of her over the past couple of days, but while I may be imagining things, a couple of times (mostly over meals) I caught her looking at me in a strange way. Maybe I am acting in a strange way! (Ha!) 

But now it is 3 AM on Wednesday morning, my bag is packed, and I am sending you this last Blog for a while from the den as I wait for the Uber at 7 AM. No one here is up until after 8 AM and since Brenda and I now sleep in separate bedrooms (she finally said she couldn’t take my snoring anymore. An excuse?), she won’t miss me for some time. Not that it will stop them from looking for me, but I will leave that comforting electronic note informing everyone that I am fine and not to worry. I will also leave my old (traceable) iPhone on my desk. (With all calls forwarded to my new number and Gmail account.)
One last time I checked the location of Kat’s phone and it is still at that Jane Street location. 
Time for me to ‘get on with living’. 
Take care everyone. I’m not sure when I can blog again, but thanks again for your encouragement. 
Cheers
Chuck
Index



END OF PART 2

Stag
A SENIOR MOMENT… PART THREE

“Don’t piss off old people. The older we get, the less “life in prison” is a deterrent. (Anonymous)

Blog 42 Katherine: A prologue
Sunday, March 29th, 2020
Good Sunday morning readers. It had been over 6 weeks since Gramps sent his last Blog and I imagine there are some readers out in the Internet ether wondering what has happened since February 5th, the day that a cruise ship was quarantined in Japan for an outbreak of a new virus, and the day Chuck announced that he was about to climb on a plane to Toronto and try and save me. Yes. This is Katherine —you can call me Kat—writing this blog. I have read all of Chuck’s previous blogs so I am aware that you know something of me and my history and background. Among the other things he told you about me, you might remember that I had —have?—some aspirations to be a writer. Consequently, I am taking over Chuck’s blog. In doing so I will recount the events of the week after Chuck left for Toronto, and I have taken the past month to prepare these blogs. This afternoon I’ll post all 23 of the blogs (chapters?) I have written. You can decide how you want to read them…gorge…one at a time…or go find yourself a more entertaining read.
First, however, I should give you a brief explanation of my decision regarding the point of view (POV as the writing professionals call it) I will use to fill you in on Chuck’s adventure. 
I could tell the story in what the literary world calls the first person (that is the way he wrote his blog), and continue to write the blog as him. It certainly has the advantage of letting the reader become intimately attached to a writer. First person narratives are often rambling, quirky, and usually reflect the kind of speech that the author would use. I think you can see all of those issues in Gramp’s first person blogs. Like him, or hate him or his writing style, I suspect that all of you know more about him than even his family does — or maybe you want to know. But I am not comfortable continuing his blog in his first person or attempting to write as he would, whine like him, rant as he does and most importantly, try and interpret everything that has happened through his eyes, filtered through his emotion, beliefs and character. It would seem phony to me in some way. 
Another option, of course, would be for me tell the tale from my own first person perspective rather than imagining Chuck’s. If I simply told you what I saw and experienced, there would be no imagining, but like the allegory about the blind persons describing an elephant through touch, my perspective on this tale would be limited to my own perspective. There is much that transpired over the past month that I have only learned about in hindsight.
Consequently, I decided to tell the story of Chuck’s trip in the third person, and rather than speaking directly to you as Chuck has done in his blogs, I will describe the events from various person perspectives and allow you to digest the details and create your own image of what happened. However, when an author writes in the third person they are by necessity making things up about how characters see events. Other than my own involvement, I have used notes I made from discussions with everyone involved, and I will try and tell the story from all perspectives. 
But first, like Chuck did with his first blog over a year ago, I should introduce myself in more detail. From Gramp’s blogs you know that I am now 19 years old and ventured out last fall on what is commonly referred to as a ‘gap’ year. I think that this ‘gap’ phenomenon came into nomenclature in my Grandparent’s generation. Inspired by visions of an ‘Easy Rider’ adventure, a worship of minimalism, armed with the assumption of either a waiting job or a post- secondary place, (and a pocket full of a lucrative summer earnings), thousands of boomers either thumbed their way through a safe and accessible Europe, or if more altruistic —or broke— signed up with aid agencies that exploited a youthful, naïve notion of social change. A stint with CUSO (you can look it up) was the Canadian example of this type of adventure. Parents of Boomers considered all of the variations of the post high school gap year as a kind of ‘coming out’ party for their progeny —a break between the rigours of high school and the burdens of a responsible life. Out of sight, out of mind, parents could ignore the reality that their child was likely having as much sex, smoking as much dope, and exploring as many weird social constructs as they wanted, before coming home, going to school, getting a job, and being normal. Lucky Boomers. Of course, the reasons, the nature, and the expectations of the ‘gap’ between high school and responsible life have all morphed over the years, as money, international security, and parental expectations have changed. 
Today? The positive aspects of a break between high school and ‘life’ (especially university education), are actually supported by research that showed that students who go to university after some real life experiences perform better. Unlike boomers’ parents who mostly figured that by 18 their progeny was on their own, after 18 or more years of indulgence, today’s helicopter parents are now trying to figure out ways to get their kids out of the basement. But this dumping out in the real world has to be safe and contrived. There is no, ‘stick your thumb out and see where you end up’ gap year concept. Consequently, today the notion of a ‘gap year’ is more of a business than a vision, with an Internet full of ‘gap year’ offers, from travel to volunteering. Gramps once told me that only 5% of high school grads went to university in 1967 and only a small percentage of them took the gap. From my perspective, the ‘gap year’ concept has returned to this circumstance where only the rich and privileged can consider a year off between high school and university. And given the parental involvement in researching, selecting the experience, paying for the year, and rounding up a job or a post- secondary place for the post-travel years, the experience is not exactly a ‘find yourself’ year. Three months on a beach in Thailand is hardly likely to be cathartic —if you are even capable of remembering it.
Oops. I think I just ranted like Gramps. Oh well. Can’t fight genes. At any rate, my decision to take off after high school is not a gap year. It is not supported by any of the commercial offers that my Dad kept sending me for the whole last semester of school. I am not soul searching. I know and like who I am. I do not have any great urge to save anything. Greta Thunberg has my generation’s monopoly on that one. I’m not yearning for more independence. Lorne and Graham have always been too wrapped up in their own search for life’s meaning to not give me a lot of freedom. There is nothing I want to ‘experiment’ with. I’ve never had any inclination towards either drugs or booze, and I can experiment with all the sex I want right here in Montreal. (Sorry Dad). 
But I did want to find some answers that Ancestry DNA can’t provide. So just to keep the rest of this story in perspective, I’ll fill in some more gaps on my own history. As you know, I was the result of a teen-age boundary experiment between my Dad and a girlfriend that went out of control. Since Graham ‘came out’ soon after that experience suggests it was indeed both an experiment and a short-lived relationship. My mother was the daughter of a visiting professor at Mount Royal University. I was never told where she was visiting from, only that she was black, and both mother and daughter went back to where they had come from right after I was born —literally the day after I was told. Graham was given uncontested, sole guardianship of my life, and for the last 18 years I have been raised by a ‘village’ of grandparents and parents, first a young Graham and various partners, and for the last decade, a caring Lorne. It has been unusual, but other than the normal vagaries of family life, it has not been dysfunctional at all. I have had a good upbringing. But whenever I raised the question of my mother, neither Dad nor Brenda would engage me. Both would dismiss my questions with a “She is long gone, Katherine.” Or “We are your family now.” I came to accept that my Dad truly did not know anything about her, and didn’t care to know anything. 
Chuck was different. I was about 15 when I started to ask everyone where I was from. I was, after all, a very tanned person in a very white family. Chuck was the only one who bothered to tell me all the details that they knew about my mother. He told me that she was beautiful. He told me that she was also clearly the result of a mixed marriage and I had inherited her caramel complexion. He remembered going to a school talent night with Dad during the one year she attended the school and wondered who the talented singer was who played and sang old Marley songs that he figured only he remembered. He laughed as he remembered that Dad did a stand-up comedy routine that no one thought was funny. Dad told him at the time that she was smart as well, beating all the other students on all of the science standardized, provincial testing. But apparently no one (except Dad) knew she was pregnant until it was almost time to give birth since the “caftan” style clothing she wore covered all of the growth signs. After I was born, she and her professor mother left and Dad was left holding a new baby. 
Last fall I decided my gap year purpose would be to find that mother.
Chuck has already told you that I announced to Dad and everyone else that I was going to take a term off before university and travel through Asia, mostly Thailand. I figured that this would seem to Dad as a relatively normal thing for a young person to do today, much like the Europe backpacking of a generation or two earlier. He never questioned why I was taking my fleece hoodies and a puffer jacket to go to Thailand. He would not have understood what I wanted to do. I’m not sure if Chuck understood either, but at least he wouldn’t judge it, so he was my co-conspirator in the adventure. 
We started the search in Calgary.
We had always known her name —Norma Brathwaite—from my birth certificate, but many Internet name searches over the years proved fruitless. Either she had no digital history, or she had changed her name by the time all of our lives became visible in the public domain. We figured that her mother would be the best place to start the search. While Dad had apparently met her, Chuck said that he had never met the Professor mother, but at my urging he called some friends at the university to see if he could find out more about her. It turned out that they had no records left of the professorial visit, but one friend had a vague memory of her as a professor from the University of Toronto. We did a search of all the professors at the University of Toronto and couldn’t find any Brathwaite. So while she wasn’t there now, Chuck and I figured that was a good place to start. On September 22nd, Graham and Lorne drove me to the airport and dropped me off at the Air Canada international gate for a flight to Bangkok. Dad and Lorne were convinced that I was meeting a group of friends there and together we would head to Phuket for some winter fun. All normal. After warm hugs and “be safe” and “keep in touch” admonitions, I proceeded to the WestJet gate for Toronto.
On February 2nd I made the call to Chuck that he told you about. On February 5th he set off on his own adventure to find me. 
Let’s start the ride.
Index



BLOG 43: Freedom Ain’t Worth Nothin’…
7:15 AM Wednesday, February 5th, 2020
There is a wonderful sense of freedom in anonymity, and there are few better places to be anonymous than the passenger lounges of a large airport. Chuck could feel the blended sense of urgency and trepidation in people, with their faces buried in their iPads, iPhones or Samsungs. Of course, the serious professional traveler was sipping a Cappuccino in the Air Canada lounge and perhaps reading an actual paper copy of the Financial Post. For the less frequent traveler in the general lounge where Chuck was sitting, there was visible urgency as they ensured they were up to date on the latest Kardashian crisis before being isolated from the Internet for the 4-hour flight to Toronto. Trepidation was written in the expressions of these less frequent travelers, as they succumbed to the anecdotes of the most recent air disaster, Facebook exposures of the virus infected filth on seat trays, and the confirmation bias that assured them government conspiracies were putting them in mortal danger. Immersing themselves in old episodes of The Bachelor took their mind off the impending danger. And they shared with their business lounge companions, the uncomfortable, anticipated panic of being unhooked from the ether for four hours. 
But at least someone outside of the airport knew where they were, Chuck smiled to himself. If he had done everything correctly, he was the most anonymous person in the lounge. The Uber had picked him up at 6 AM, down the block from their condo, just outside the gated community entrance. He had shivered in the dark, -10 C early February morning as he waited for the pick-up. The new Gretzky puffer jacket he had bought might be a good enough for driving around a warmer Toronto, but if the car hadn’t come quickly his adventure would have ended frozen stiff on the side of the road in front of the stone pillars at the entrance to the gate community. However, one of the useful things about Uber is that you don’t have to tell them your location. The driver has access to your GPS on your phone and knows exactly where you are, and you can follow her car location on your phone. Chuck never tired of watching his phone as the little car icon approached his location. He called it a real time video game and this morning as he checked on his iPhone he could see the driver was 100 metres away and would be there any second. The other wonderful thing is that they don’t use cash. It is all paid for with your Uber registration, and he had made a new registration with his new email address, iPhone number and credit card. He suspected the first thing action somebody would take would be to check out his Uber account. To make sure they did that, he had left his sign-in details hastily scrawled on the writing work pad on his desk as if he was making notes to himself. There would be an Aha! moment when someone finds the pad and signs into his Uber account—and learn that he hasn’t used it in months. 
That would be the first dead end of many in their search for him. They would probably try taxi companies to no avail. Then he suspected that, on Brenda’s urging, Donald would try and get his company’s IT guys to get into his bank and credit card records. Donald wouldn’t have to do that since he had left his Interact and credit cards on the top of his desk. The interact card number would give them access to the online banking and they could access the new accounts he had set up —not his investment accounts—if they guessed his 4-digit password. He had struggled on that one. He didn’t want it to be a password that was too obvious or someone might figure out that they were being set up, so 1 2 3 4 was out. His birthday would be too obvious as well, so 2207 (22nd of July) was out. So was Brenda’s birthday or either Donald’s or Graham’s. While he sat at his desk pondering his options, his eyes wandered around the bookshelf beside the desk and settled on the trophy he had received from the club for his third hole-in-one—18th of August 1993. He laughed to himself as he remembered the event. It was the 16th 110-yard hole that he aced with a driver. Burt had made a $100 bet with him that he could hit it closer to hole than Chuck, but since Burt was a terrible golfer he announced that Chuck had to use his clubs—and Burt was a lefty. Burt went first and hit the shot of his life, on the green and within 20 yards of the hole. “Beat that buddy,” Chuck remembered him gloating as he handed him the lefty pitching wedger. “Not that,” Chuck corrected him as he pulled Burt’s driver from his bag. “I’ll use this.” While he was a right- handed golfer, in his hockey youth Chuck was a left hand slap shooter. Chuck teed the ball high and with an easy movement slapped the ball towards the hole. They were all silent as they watched the ball roll down the fairway and straight into the hole. Burt’s “fuck” broke the silence and Chuck won $100—and had a $300 bar bill. But it never made up for the embarrassment of the reporting in the Calgary Herald hole-in-one announcements that Chuck Profiterole had used a driver on a 110-yard hole. 0893 it was. It would take some time, but he was confident someone would figure that password out. He also had made it the password for his old iPhone 7 that he had left on the desk.
He had slipped out of the house before Brenda was awake. He had been sleeping in the guest room ever since the Pickleball event, so had used the guest room ensuite, and gradually over the past week had moved the clothes he would take into that room. He used one of his old carry-on bags since with Ratched always in his face there was no occasion to surreptitiously buy another one, but he didn’t think knowing that he had packed some travel clothes would interrupt his anonymity. Even the notion that he could fit all of the personal things he really needed into a shoulder bag and a 15 by 22 inch carry- on suitcase was somehow freeing. The clothes were easy; a week’s worth of socks and underwear, a spare pair of Costco jeans, an Eddy Bauer quick dry shirt (beige), and a synthetic sweater (blue). He also threw in the Blue Jays baseball cap that Lorraine gave him for Christmas when she and Donald were dating. The other clothes items he would wear on the trip; his Henry Rosen designed slacks, shirt, sports jacket and tie. He didn’t have much patience for either clothes shopping or fashion so Brenda had taken—dragged—him last summer into Rosen’s the week before one of her college roommates was getting married for the third time. “I’m not going out in public with a Tip Top Tailor’s model, Chuck,” she admonished. “Your livery (she had been watching Little Women) might be perfect for a date with an IBM 1500, but not with my friends.” He didn’t suggest to her that the IBM 1500 hadn’t been around since 1980 or that she hadn’t seen her friend since the last wedding five years ago — he just agreed to be outfitted at her expense. At Rosen’s she pointed at Chuck and waved her hand from his quite comfortable Timberlands to his Callaway cap and told the most cooperative salesman to put it all together. “Pretend you are dressing that mannequin in the window,” Brenda joked. He eventually agreed that the outfit —even the navy, leather Derby shoes and a Panama hat she had bought for him on their trip to Panama—gave him an air of prosperity and importance. He had explained when she bought the hat that Panama hats were not from Panama, but from Ecuador, brought to Panama to cover the heads of the workers who dug the canal. They died by the hundreds from malaria, but at least their heads were not sunburned. So he wore it all on the trip, just leaving off the yellow tie that had taken Brenda and the salesman 20 minutes to choose so as to be perfectly matched with the herringbone sports jacket. He added the Bay provided, off white, Wayne Gretsky puffer style, (who knew hockey players were so stylish?) outer jacket since, while warmer than Calgary, the weather was cold and volatile in Toronto this time of year. The Panama pulled down over his eyes made him feel invisible and contributed to his anonymity. 
The non-clothes, shoulder bag, items were harder to parse, but he finally decided to leave the MacBook Air at home and travel only with the new iPhone Plus. He added a small battery pack good for one full phone charge and his toiletries; toothbrush (he left the electric one behind and went old school), toothpaste (under 100ml), a Costco razor (No shaving cream. He would use soap), deodorant, and a small bar of soap. He wondered if a beard might be an idea? All the young guys were doing it these days and that would add even more to his anonymity. On the way out of his office he grabbed the book he was reading from the table beside the leather chair in the den. Linden Macintyre’s The Bishop’s Man would lend a further tone of mystery to anyone who happened to observe him.
Finally, as a last minute thought, on the way out the back door of the condo he picked up the walking cane hanging from a hook on the back of the door. He had used it twice before. The first was when he bought it on a month long business trip to England 20 years ago after had sprained his ankle following Donald down a double black diamond at Norquest. For entertainment he had even taken a ‘cane-defense’ course offered by the store that only sold fancy canes. Apparently the canes and the course were now popular with rapper musicians rather than private school Lords. Only in England you say. The second was after his pickleball bang-up when he had some moments of dizziness and instability and used it on his daily walk. His dizzy episodes were less frequent now, but wondered if the stylish British walking stick might compliment his Rosen crafted image? He figured that if he limped—or just appeared old—he would be allowed to take it on the plane. He might even be able to use priority boarding.
Of course the family would check the airlines, buses and so on and he couldn’t help that. Since he had not had time to go to the extreme of getting new identification, he could not avoid travelling under his own name, all he could do was to temporarily throw them off the track so he bought two tickets, one a business class on Air Canada for Cabo, and the other a cheap ticket on WestJet for Toronto. Brenda knew that he always flew Air Canada so that is where they would check first, and when they found the Air Canada ticket they wouldn’t immediately search further. He chuckled as he wondered who would get the trip to Cabo to find him.
Chuck felt free for the first time that he could remember. Maybe the closest was the day he left home for university, and he remembered that magic moment of independence between the abandonment of family responsibilities and the acceptance of new ones. University life would bring its own entanglements, but in the moment that the bus pulled away from his home in Mississauga, he was unburdened. Like that long ago trip to university he now had a destination and perhaps its own complications, but in the moment he was free. No one knew where he was. No one in the gate waiting area knew who he was. No one had any notion of his wealth, or his purpose. No one had any preconceived notion of his mental state. The best of all, as he thought about it, was a fact that no one cared. He realized it was the burden of other people constantly caring for him that he had been so anxious to shed with his subterfuge. He was tired of people inquiring about his health no matter where he went or what he did. He knew it was out of love and genuine concern, but there were times that he wanted to scream when he was asked “How are you doing Chuck?” He always gave them the “Doing well, thank you for asking” reply and moved on. That was all everyone wanted to hear anyhow. He wanted to tell them the details of the headaches, the occasional memory loss and regular nausea, but not even Brenda wanted to hear all of that. No more caring inquisition now— for a while anyhow.
Chuck leaned back on the purposefully uncomfortable plastic lounge seat —we wouldn’t want anyone to fall asleep in the airport while they waited 10 hours for their delayed flight— and watched the steady stream of travelers as they searched for their own gates. He especially liked watching the toddlers who proudly dragged their own cartoon-decorated carry-on behind their parents. Things are so different today he thought. He had his first air trip when he was 20, a university life interrupted by a trip to Montreal for the funeral of an uncle he had never met. Today, 12 year olds have their own frequent flyer points. He also liked to watch the business crowd as they quickly make their way from the lounge to the priority boarding line, ensuring as little contact as possible with the ‘steerage’ travelers like him. He wondered if in the old days he had looked like that—in a hurry to wait. A young girl about Katherine’s age took off her backpack and settled into the chair opposite him. She took out her iPhone and plugged it into the charging station between the seats and smiled as she noticed Chuck watching her. Someone’s grandfather he imagined her thinking. He closed his eyes and remembered his own mission and his own Granddaughter.
“Hi Chuck,” a sharp, cheerful voice cut into his reverie. “How are you doing?”

Index



BLOG 44: Best laid plans….
7:15 AM Wednesday, Feb 5,2020
For a moment Chuck thought he had drifted off and he was dreaming, lulled to a doze with his smug thoughts of anonymity and freedom. The crackling announcement of flight 840 to Toronto —"…priority flyers and passengers needing assistance…”— aroused him to the reality of the uncomfortable chair and the constant buzz of voices and clicking of wheeled suitcases on the terrazzo type airport floor. With the Panama pulled down and his eyes closed he listened carefully for a verification of his dream— or his reality. The fact that the voice called him “Chuck” suggested a dream. Only his blog readers knew him by that name. Anyone —except Katherine— familiar with him from work or family would call him Charles. However, the fact that he had not been asleep reinforced reality. Without shifting from his slouch in the chair he cautiously opened his eyes under the brim of the fedora and saw a pair of sandaled feet standing in front of him. Brown female feet. 
“Shit,” he announced, still only looking at her feet and legs. He recognized her voice and knew it wasn’t a dream. “Where did you come from?” With the young girl sitting across from him he resisted throwing a fuck into the sentence. “Don’t you think you have done enough damage to my life; you now have to show up here?”
The woman sat in the empty lounge chair next to him, placing her own carry on suitcase and a bulging leather purse on the floor in front of her. “What? No, Hi Delores. Good to see you?”
He laughed as he sat up and pushed the Panama further up on his head. “I haven’t been glad to see you since that day you tried to take my temperature in the hospital. What the fuck are you doing here?” He glanced over at the girl whose earbud link to an iPhone fortunately made her functionally deaf.
“Going with you,” she casually announced as she unzipped and removed the fleece top she was wearing, rolled it up and stuffed it into the MEC labelled backpack at her feet. “I’m your nurse. Remember? Paid to take care of you. I take my responsibilities seriously.” She reached into the top flap of the pack and pulled out a boarding pass. “They have called our flight. Better go eh?”
“But how…?”
“We can chat on the plane. We have seats together. Do you want window or aisle?” She stood up and slung the pack over her shoulder. “Doesn’t matter. I get the window. Where did you get that stupid costume—and hat?” She didn’t wait for an answer as she sauntered over to the line forming at gate 42.
Chuck had no choice but to follow. His Zen moment of freedom and anonymity had been shattered. He said nothing as they stood in the lengthy priority boarding line that Reid told him she could use. She stood in front of him chatting with the woman in front of her, a mid-thirties business suit type, fidgeting with her polished stone, meditation store, necklace, clearly in a hurry to get back to her laptop. “I remember when frequent flyer status actually meant things like a quick boarding, a lounge and the possibility of a first class upgrade. These days it appears that there are more status flyers than irregular ones,” Delores whined to the woman.
“For sure. I can never get an upgrade these days.”
“And the meal sucks in the cabin,” Reid offered.
“Oh, I never eat on airplanes,” the business suit offered. “I’m gluten insensitive and vegan. I would never trust airplane food.”
Chuck resisted the urge to go after her. Ask he if she was actually Celiac and if she knew what animal lived its short life in order to provide her with her red-soled Louboutin shoes? Instead he patiently watched Reid as the line move forward centimetre by centimetre. To the obvious annoyance of the priority line, an East Indian family struggling with English had found themselves in the wrong line, and the attendant was politely explaining to them that the ‘other’ line was for them. He was only in this line because Reid brought him there. He suddenly wondered how a part time nurse/care giver managed to get into the priority line? As he watched and listened, it struck him that this was not the Ratched he had grown to know and dislike over the past month. For a start she was annoyingly polite to the young woman. The old Ratched would have verbally dissected her foolish food obsessions. Now she listened politely and threw in the occasional “I couldn’t agree more,” as the young woman took advantage of a sympathetic ear. Somehow they got onto medical things. “We need to break the stranglehold the pharma industry has on the nation’s well- being.” 
“I couldn’t agree more, my dear,” Reid soothed. 
Chuck also began to notice that she also looked different. He had to admit that his preliminary—and consistent—assessment of her looks may have been more influenced by her attire than her actual figure. Today, without either the Caftan or the lose fitting nurses attire, she was dressed in stylish, form fitting, tapered blue jeans. These weren’t the Kirkland ones he usually wore. The result was more shape than he had seen before. She was not the pear he had initially described in his blog. She was still a little waist and top heavy—more like an hourglass with extra sand in the top. But he saw nothing that would not be expected in an early sixties woman, unless of course you were in Brenda’s group, and you felt you could fend off the inevitable with endless kale salads, the occasional Keto diet, and gym, hot yoga and Pilates. He was suddenly ashamed that he actually didn’t know how old she was. While certainly generous in the hip area, from the waist down she was actually petite. The crisp white blouse she wore tucked into the designer jeans must have also been a designer fit as it melded a comfortable and respectful distance away from the shape of her torso. There was some sort of understated black coral necklace reaching to the top button of the blouse. She was still short, but the Brillo hair was tamed into a wavy close-cropped style. 
“Your boarding pass sir?” 
Reid was already through the boarding pass check and waiting for him in the passageway. Without either of them saying anything she led him to the airplane and to seats 18a and 18b. She removed an iPad from her pack and handed the pack to Chuck for him to put it in the overhead and slid into the window seat. He placed his walking stick-cane, —there had been no problem bringing it on the plane— Panama and bag in the overhead but kept his own iPhone as well. He hated the middle seat. When he was travelling alone he always took the window. He always figured that if he could last the four hours without a piss—increasingly hard these days—he could spend the whole trip with no human interaction. He never ate on the Toronto flight, not for any diet fantasy, just that the food was indeed bad. And he always loaded up a 1 litre Klean Kanteen with Starbucks coffee before boarding, so he had no need to even bother the attendant during the four hour flight. In the shock of Reid’s appearance he had forgotten to get the thermos filled. The young girl from the lounge walked towards their row and, still plugged in, checked her boarding pass against the numbers above the seats. Without recognizing Chuck’s existence she hoisted her carry-on into the overhead bin and plunked into the aisle seat. No airplane chatter from this one he thankfully surmised. 
“Ok, Delores,” he broke the silence. “Do we talk now?”
“Wait until we are in the air,” she suggested. “Do you know that 70% of all air accidents occur during take-off?”
“You learn that from your Hawking book?”
“Nice one Chuck,” she whispered, and closed her eyes signaling the talk was over.
As the attendant went through the pre-flight disaster instructions —he now knew where the life jacket was in case they crashed into slough in central Saskatchewan—he decided that he would wait for her to make the next move. He knew where he was going. He didn’t need to know where she was going. He decided he could lose her in Terminal 1 and get on with his mission. He jammed in his Apple ear buds and set the iPhone to shuffle in the blues folder. A vintage Downchild always sharpened his focus.
“Do you know the exact address?”
He felt the poke on his right bicep and looked sideways. “What?”
“Take the earbuds out Chuck,” Delores announced. “What are you listening to anyhow? A Tom Robbins motivational speech?”
“Tim.”
“What?”
“It’s Tim. Like in the Timmy’s you probably prefer for breakfast each morning. Do I strike you as someone who needs motivation from that gobbledygook?”
The chime announced that it was safe to take off the seatbelt. That would have been helpful for the folks in the Max800 he thought. 
“Just a joke Chuck,” she admonished. “Maybe you need to find some “lighten up” tapes.”
He slowly removed the earbuds, placed them in their container and put it in his shirt pocket. The action was as good as counting to ten. “Lighten up?” he whisper yelled. “Lighten up? You want me to lighten up? False doctor’s reports. Moving into my basement. Embarrassing my friends at golf? Where should I start? Or maybe just move to why —and how—you ended up in my window seat on my flight to Toronto?”
“Your blog, you idiot.”
“What do you mean my blog?”
“Did you really think that no one you knew would end up reading your blog? A Mr. Potato Head body? Really? Don’t you think that was a little harsh?”
Chuck was suddenly embarrassed. He actually had never thought his blog would be read by anyone but a few strangers out in the ether somewhere. The messages he had received were from all over the world, but only a couple indicated they were from Canada and none from Calgary. He had openly shared his inner self in the blogs, the anonymity allowing something he would never do in person. He certainly never envisioned someone living in his house reading the blogs. He urgently thought he needed to get connected and erase the blogs before Brenda or Donald discovered them. “I was probably high on painkillers. Didn’t know what I was doing. Sorry about that. How did you find it?”
“I didn’t go looking for it Chuck. Should I call you Chuck or Charles? I guess I’ll wait to see which is the real you? I was reading another blog —nothing you would be interested in— and your blog on dogs popped up in a search. That was a good one Chuck. Very funny. Good thing you used a phony name and address though. Riled dog lovers would be worse than the anti-pipeline crowd. So I subscribed to “A Senior Moment” and read all of the back blogs. Is the story about your name true?”
“Yes. I just left out the next step where my Dad changed our family name from Profiterole to Profit. He wanted to save me and my brothers from the bullying he had at school. Besides, he had this notion that the name profit might be some sort of dramatic foreshadowing —he was a high school English teacher—and his kids would all end up rich.”
“So Charles Profit became Chuck Profiterole in the blog?”
“Right. If I used my real name then people—readers—could find me. Wouldn’t want that.”
“I found you Chuck. Not a stretch by any means.”
“So you know where I am going? What I am doing? What I have done?”
“Yup,” she agreed. “Just add white knight to stand-up comedian in your resume. That was very funny as well. You should actually do it someday.”
“That still doesn’t explain why you are here.”
“Simple,” she gently squeezed his arm. “ I’m going to help you find Katherine. Earn my pay. So, again. Do you know the exact location of her iPhone?”

Index



BLOG 45: Revenge is sweet…
7:17 AM Wednesday, Feb 5th, 2020
The rooster woke her up every morning at 5 minutes after dawn. This close to the equator the sunrise and sunset didn’t vary as much over the changing seasons as it did in Calgary. This morning the official sunrise was 7:12 AM and Pavarotti announced to the world —and his harem— that he was in charge of his domain at exactly 7:17, not an unreasonable waking time, so she actually appreciated his wake up call. On the same date in May he would wake her up at 6:07 AM. That was too early for her liking, so she reassured herself that if her plan went well she would be home in Calgary long before May. She opened her casement windows and let the early morning St. Lucia, Caribbean coolness drift over her body on its way into the bedroom she shared with two other consultants.
Gina had to take the top bunk since she was only 155 cm tall, and Kat guessed no more than 40 or 45 kilos. She watched bemused as Gina rolled over in her sleep, flicked the bangs from her boyish haircut and muttered something Kat assumed was obscene. Kat guessed the flick was a tick from a previous life when she had long hair. She tried not to guess the motivation for the obscenity. Gina was from Ischia Island off the Italian coast and perhaps three years older than Kat. She had come to the Island with a backpacking boyfriend and had heard at the youth hostel that Horatio Dumont and his operation was looking for an Italian speaker. When her boyfriend abandoned her with no money she jumped at the opportunity. That was a year ago and Gina told Kat she is making more money that she would make as a teacher back home and will stay until she has enough money to fund the rest of her around the world trip. “No boyfriend needed,” she laughed when Kat asked about a companion. It was Gina who named the rooster Pavarotti. She felt it appropriate to name the rooster after a singer with similar sized lungs. 
Marlena was a different story. Kat figured she carried at least 80 kilos on a 175 cm frame, thus the encouragement of all the roommates for her to sleep on the bottom bunk. She had shoulder length, pitch black, hair that hung over the edge of the bunk while she quietly slept. This was no part time, temporary job for her. Kat guessed that she was in her late twenties, although she seemed reticent to share any personal information with any of the other callers. All Kat had learned was that she was from Montreal and had some relationship with the people that were funding Dumont’s operation in St. Lucia. And while most of the callers were new to the role, Marlena clearly knew what she was doing. Since they were paid on commission, Marlena made more money than even Gina. While Gina invited Kat to be part of their days off at the beach, and briefed her on which of the male callers were safe to socialize with, Marlena, while a friendly and pleasant roommate, showed no interest in spending work times with either them or the male callers and spent her off time with Horatio or one of the other technical or security workers. 
As usual she would have to wake them before they were late for breakfast or, even worse, late for work. But in the moment she just stood at the window and relished the breeze and the view from the house. The house, actually better described as a villa or an estate, had been built 15 years ago by a British doctor who had managed to get his money out of the dot com bubble before it burst. St. Lucia was a mountainous, volcanic Island and he chose the highest point of land on a ridge that curled above and around the capital city Castries, and from her window at night she could see the lights of Martinique over the 81 kilometres of ocean to the north west. From the bedrooms on the other side of the house the tenants could see the kilometres of coconut, banana and other fruit trees blanketing the valley that stretched into the centre of the island. But more importantly to the current owner than the view or the abundant fruit trees, was the fibre optic cable that the good doctor had paid to snake its heinous way from the government and corporate communication towers that were clustered 3 kilometres away on the highest part of the Island. Apparently the entrepreneurial doctor had not built the complex as a holiday retreat, but as a future telemedicine operation. He called himself a medical survivalist and believed that the medical systems of the world would collapse under a future pandemic, and he and the medical specialists he would recruit would be the last medical refuge of the world. The ground and hillsides of the estate would provide the sustenance for the staff, and the fibre optic would provide their entry to a world that would pay any price for their expertise. Unfortunately for him, the world medical systems managed to deal with various health emergencies without his help. The world -wide pandemic never came. The other doctors never came. His wife never came, and he lost half his fortune in a divorce settlement, and the rest of his assets in the 2008 crash. The villa had been mostly empty since 2010, with few locals, tourists or ex-pats interested in renting —or buying—such an unusually designed building in an isolated area, away from the Island beaches and resorts. The current owner bought the place two years ago from a bank looking to dump the place at any price. After a few minor renovations, the layout was perfect for Dumont’s business. 
The centre of the complex was a 10 metre by 20 metre ‘operation centre’. With two 1 by 3-metre picture windows facing the interior side of the island, the room could easily have been designed as a gracious dining and living room space. However, the doctor —as does the current owner—had other plans for the room, and the room was divided into 12 equally sized, Plexiglas, sound proofed, divided cubicles. Each cubicle was equipped with a desk, chair and a 27-inch iMac, the latter umbilicaled to a sheathing of wires that disappeared into the polished Cherry flooring under the desk. The cubical symmetry was broken by a plexiglass surrounded office at the East end of the room three times the size of the others, with three iMacs facing the desk, chair and the wall. A larger than normal air conditioner hummed its white noise from a ceiling mount.
A kitchen and dining area almost as large as the operation at the north end of the complex centre fed and nurtured the 20 people who worked at any one time at the estate. That number includes the 12 consultants — as Horatio refers to the callers—as well as 3 IT persons (apparently the software needs constant tweaking), 4 security guards (2 clearly ex-military and 2 local boys), and 3 other employees, accountant types who Horatio calls ‘the bankers.’ This number doesn’t reflect the uncounted and invisible number of local workers who tended the gardens, cooked, cleaned, maintained the plumbing, and most importantly cared for the electrics that ran the operation. Horatio was paranoid about electrical shutdowns and installed a series of 3 propane-fuelled generators that he tested daily to ensure they would be ready if needed. This was hurricane country after all. He also installed satellite backup to the fibre optic cable. Loss of internet would mean loss of business and loss of income.
The opposite end of the complex contained the living quarters. The doctor clearly expected a higher class of employee than Horatio did, since each of the 14 rooms was in fact a suite, originally designed for a king size bed, a private washroom (glass enclosed tub and shower), mahogany-desked work space, an entertainment area with chesterfield, chair, 65 inch flat screen TV, and a sound surround stereo unit. And each room had the same 1 by 2 metre casement window that Kat was now enjoying. Kat only knew what the rooms were originally intended to look like because shortly after her arrival early in December she had caught a glance of Horatio’s unchanged suite when the door was open for cleaning. All of the other rooms had been transformed into dormitory style rooms, with the king size bed replaced by two bunks on opposite walls. The work area was gone. The entertainment area (and a plethora of old movies that would have pleased Chuck, Kat thought the first time she looked at them), was still there, but seating was for four. Most importantly, the bathroom was still intact, although now shared.
All in all, Kat had thought the accommodations weren’t bad. She got along with the other girls. The food was good. They had time off —Sundays and software upgrade days—and had transport available to go beaching on their days off, although she was initially disconcerted by the constant presence of the security guards Richard and Frank whenever they left the compound. She was told they were both from Montreal and had been with Horatio since the start of the operation. She thought they were a Laurel and Hardy pair. Richard was only a few centimetres taller than her, but his weightlifted enhanced arms bulged through the short sleeved flowered shirt he wore every day, and his neck was so short it appeared to dissolve into the tuft of chest hair that poked out from the top of the open collared shirt. Frank was much taller, but so skinny she figured he could slide through a tiny crack in a door. She had never heard Richard say more than three words at a time, while Frank constantly babbled about either the weather —too hot and humid he announced every morning. Or sports—he knew the names, ages and scoring stats of every Montreal Canadian and never clued to the fact that no one in the operation gave a fig for sports generally and the Canadians specifically. She was reassured that they were only there for her—and the others— safety since there was petty crime in the beach areas and as young people they were obvious targets. 
She hesitated waking up the other girls, enjoying her sole moments of daily thought—and planning. Sometimes she had to remind herself where she had come from and why she had joined this operation. That day last September when she waved goodbye to everyone from the departure gate seemed a long time ago if, in reality, only a few months. Everyone except Chuck had thought she was on her way to Thailand for a ‘Gap year” but her plan was to find the mother she had never known. While the results had turned out unpleasant—even painful— the search had turned out far easier than she had expected. It made her understand that the absence of her mother in her life had not been because she was hard to find, but because no one had wanted to look—and she didn’t want to be found. It is this realization that no in her life one cared about enough about her mother to even find her that had driven her to where she was now. 
She had found out that her mother was dead. And she had found out that Horatio was responsible for her death. She was going to figure out some way to make him pay.

Index



BLOG 46: A sucker born every moment…
8:30 AM Wednesday, Feb 5th, 2020
“Good morning girls,” Dumont warmly greeted them as they entered the kitchen for breakfast. The empty, egg and ketchup splattered plate in front of him told Kat he had finished his breakfast and would do their morning briefing while they ate. “Sleep well I hope? I love this Caribbean air. Much healthier than Toronto or Montreal smog.”
“All good boss,” Gina offered. “Pavarotti was at his best this morning.”
“I’ll have to start giving the old bastard a cut,” he joked. “Time is money.”
That was one of his favorite sayings. He used it regularly during the day when he thought that one of his callers was slowing down. They were all paid on commission so the warning wasn’t lost on them. With what he charged them for room and board, a slow caller could actually end up in debt if they weren’t good at the job. Kat had quickly learned that the commission pay-rate was one of the reasons for the large turnover of ‘consultants’—Horatio preferred that descriptor to ‘caller.’ If you didn’t make Horatio any money then you didn’t make any money, and soon you were working for nothing or just to pay for your room and board. The consultant that Kat replaced had worked for Horatio for a year and was still a legend among the other consultants. She had left in early December supposedly with enough money to buy a fully operational coffee shop in Montreal. She even left with a contract with Horatio agreeing to deliver her some rare Montserrat coffee. Apparently not all of Horatio’s ventures were illegal. He claimed that the coffee he exports from Montserrat came from seeds imported to the Island in 1723. He told Kat that he bought the plantation with his profits from the St. Lucia operation. Kat didn’t know much about coffee, but the coffee the kitchen served was the best she had ever tasted. 
One by one the other consultants entered the kitchen and sat at the 14-seat table. Horatio always sat at the head of the table, and Mike, one of the accountants, sat at the ‘foot’. While everyone else supposedly sat down at random, Kat quickly learned that there was a hierarchy based upon which scam you worked at and how much money it made. 
At the top were the 3 young men who did the Microsoft scam. Up to this point it had been the biggest money-maker for Horatio, although various Canada and U.S. fake tax revenue agency calls and threats were creeping up the list. They clustered around the breakfast table on Horatio’s right and left side. All three had been doing the calls for over a year now and had become proficient at gaining access to computers around the world. The fact that they were all North American gave them a considerable advantage over the usual Indian accented caller from Hyderabad. 
In the middle were two women and two men who were, what Horatio called, his jack-of-all-trades. They did the tax agency, lottery winner and utility scam calls. At this point they made the second amount of weekly revenue, although the turnover was high with this group. It was hard for any one consultant to make the sums that the Microsoft experts made since they weren’t able to focus upon one scam specialty.
“Kat,” Horatio announced. “ I think that it is time I pulled you off the CRA calls and moved you full time to the Granny operation. You, Gina and Marlena can focus on this together. Your success with your own Grandpa was impressive girl. Keep it up.”
“No worries,” Kat assured him. “There are a lot of aging boomers out there more than willing to be the helicopter grandparents that they were for their own kids.”
“Now, don’t make it personal Kat,” Horatio gently chided. “ Just get their money.”
They all laughed and Gina put down her scrambled egg covered fork and gave Kat a high five. “Go for it girl!”
The other three people around the table were what Horatio had explained to Kat on her first day were the ‘contact consultants.’ They didn’t make any calls, but did two things for all of the other consultants. First, all the calls were VOIP calls—voice over Internet protocol—and each consultant needed a steady stream of fresh VOIP numbers to call. The contact consultants bought up VOIP numbers in batches of 100 and distributed them to the callers depending upon the area code need for a call. So if the Canada Revenue Agency was calling someone in Eastern Ontario, the number needed to be a 613 number or 705 in the Northeast. If the call was from the Texas state lottery corporation it had to be from a 281 Area code. And so on. They only used a number for three calls and then scrapped it to avoid any tracing and making ‘number blocking’ on a phone useless in stopping the calls. The other thing they did was compile the personal data scammed from a ‘mark’ and send it to the various third parties that bought and used the data. Apparently Horatio’s operation didn’t do anything with the data they collected, but rather sold it to a third party that then wrecked some kind of hacking havoc on innocent Microsoft users, frightened tax payers or greedy lottery players. At this point, the lottery scam and now the ‘granny scam’ were the only scams that provided a direct revenue stream from the ‘marks’ to the operation.
“Let the hucksters get caught,” Horatio would say almost daily. “We are mostly in the information business. We learned our lesson in Costa Rica. Greed is not good.” Kat assumed that an operation similar to this one had been busted in Costa Rica and that while Horatio must have been part of it, he must have escaped since he wasn’t in jail. 
The accountants handled the part of the business that was not just information. Mike and his team had special soundproof and enclosed cubicles, and they handled the payment process from the people that bought the private information they had scammed as well as the money from any scam that resulted in a direct payment rather than just information. For a long while that had been mostly the lottery scams, but when Kat arrived, Horatio was branching them into the “granny scam”, where money was sent directly to the operation. Actually not directly. Horatio warned them time and time again not to connect any call or transaction to the call centre in St. Lucia, so Mike and the other accountants had a process whereby the money came through some circuitous process to Horatio’s account. She learned later that this account where all the money ended up was in a bank in Panama.
The ‘granny scam’ also required some research to be effective. They first had to find young people who were travelling in a foreign country for some reason. And then connect a traveler’s name to a senior. For the former list of young people, it was Miranda’s job to scan Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and WhatsApp and find posts from someone travelling. While her job was somewhat tedious, Kat learned that it was surprisingly easy to ‘befriend’ someone, or to simply sign up to get posts, twitters and selfies. It appeared that the appeal of ‘likes’ and ‘friends’ dissolved digital common sense. For the later data base of seniors, Miranda simply used the names of subscribers to senior focused magazines and websites such as Zoomer, or filtered web browsers by their search interests. Health sites were ripe with aging grandparents. Then armed with both lists, she did a data match to see where names and profiles overlapped. Sometimes Facebook travelers made it easy by mentioning a grandparent by name in a post, a Twitter or Instagram. All of this took her about an hour each morning before she presented Gina and Kat with their day’s calling list.
“Here,” Miranda offered when they were back at their cubicles. “These are for you Kat. They are all Grandmothers and grandsons. Always the best bet. And all in western Canada.”
Miranda handed Kat and Gina their daily quota of 10 pages, with each page profiling a grandson and data extracted from social media; age, education, hobbies and interests, and a grandmother. The data on the grandmother were less extensive unless she was active on social media as well. Kat mostly knew only the age, location and married status of the women. The latter was important since widowed grandmothers were particularly susceptible to a cry for help from a grandson. The reverse was apparently true as well, widower Grandfathers were a sucker for their granddaughters, but —with the exception of her own Grandfather—Kat only phoned Grandmothers. Their experience had showed that grandmothers were more likely to trust a call from a woman lawyer or police.
Kat, Gina and Miranda passed the pages back and forth between them.
“This looks like a good one for a child call,” Gina offered. “I suspect from what I can pick up from his twitters that the grandmother —or anyone in the family—hasn’t talked to the kid in a couple of years. We can get Rick to make this call. Pretend to be the grandson.”
“Where is the grandmother?” Miranda asked.
“By the address I would say some sort of seniors complex,” Gina suggested. “And from the health records we got from the Alberta Health System, she isn’t long for the world.”
“Perfect. Give it to Rick. Suggest a script?”
Gina looked over the data. “Doesn’t look like he is a druggy. She might not buy that. But she is a big donor to the local bible thumper group, so let’s try the “need money to build a school in Africa” script?”
“Ok. This one is a good one for you Kat,” Miranda offered as she handed Kat a piece of paper. “Grandson who is travelling through Asia? Lucky bugger. Looks like he is having a good time? Grandmother is a widow living in her own home. Subscribes to a Pickleball website so must be active and healthy? She also has wine delivered to her home by Superstore Liquor. So maybe try a call at senior happy hour — 4 or 5 pm? She might be more talkative then. Maybe even a little maudlin?”
Kat took the page. “Ok. But the lawyer thing might not work with her if she is still sharp. Maybe the panicking girlfriend script?”
“That’s good one,” Gina laughed. “You should be on TV with that one.”
One by one they went through the calls for the day. Where they figured a call from a grandson would work best, they handed it off to Rick, one of the three general-purpose consultants. They all agreed he wasn’t the best consultant, but had the bad grandson routine down. They also used him when a grandmother wanted to hear their loved one’s voice. To all of their entertainment, Rick also handled it poorly when the grandmother realized the caller wasn’t her grandson and it was a scam. “Fuck off you old bitch,” they could all hear him yell when this happened.
Kat ended up with four calls, two to grandmothers in Alberta and two in Saskatchewan. If she went through those quickly, Miranda would spend the morning data crunching to find more suckers. “These are the lucky ones,” Kat thought to herself as she started her calls. It was important that she was successful in order to get the confidence of Horatio, and she was very good at the job. She brought in $10 to $50 thousand on a good day from unsuspecting, trusting seniors. They were lucky because each night Kat wrote a careful record of how much her ‘suckers’ paid in the notebook she secretly hid under her mattress, and she promised herself she would find a way for Horatio’s money to pay them back. She thought it unusual that in her almost three months here —and too many Mount Gay Rum sessions—she had never heard a discussion of either the illegal nature of what they were doing, or the immorality of it. She often wondered if none of these people had a conscience at all? Were there people in the world with no empathy? No conscience? No sense of guilt for what they were doing to someone more empathetic than them? Each time she ‘scored’ she felt immediate remorse and her own pain mirrored the pain that someone would have when they realized they had been taken. Only the promise to herself to pay all of the money back let her sleep at night.
It had taken Kat the full three months of her work time to put the operation together, since no one openly talks about his or her role in the business. But cheap rum—Bajan Mount Gay Extra Old was the consultant favorite—and Caribbean beaches were conducive to conversation, so while she knew that it was a scam centre when she took the job, it had taken her a while to piece together the details of the operation. It had also taken her that long to become a trusted part of the consultant team. But she still hadn’t figured out the weakness in the operation that she could exploit to bring Horatio down—and pay her scam calls back. From the day she decided to get even for her mother, she knew that she would need help. Now she only hoped she had left enough ‘bread crumbs’ for Chuck to follow. He would know what to do.
Index



Blog 47: Where’s Grandpa?
5 PM, Wednesday, February 5th, 2020
“Has he ever done this before?” Officer Cindy Dalgood held the requisite flip notebook in her left hand as she leaned forward from her perch on the chocolate brown, leather living room love seat. She adjusted her paraphernalia belt with her right hand to stop the can of mace from digging into her hip. Her Glock was Velcro-strapped to her log sized thigh and jutted lazily into the space between her and Donald lounging on a matching leather chair arranged perpendicular to the loveseat.
“Well, not like this,” Brenda firmly offered from her seat on the matching chesterfield facing the loveseat from the other side of the living room area of the condo. “In the past little while—mostly since his accident—he has gone for longer walks than usual. I think he gets lost and then takes extra time to make his way home.”
“Could he just be out for a walk now?” the officer suggested, shifting her weight again. She was too tall and too heavy —she preferred the term muscular—to be comfortable on the loveseat and could only accommodate her equipment draped body by leaning forward. “He has only been gone for the day, not the time that we usually consider the duration for a legitimately missing person.”
“We are talking about a seriously demented man,” Donald interrupted without adjusting his lounging position in the chair with one leg draped over the arm of the chair. “He could be wandering around out there somewhere freezing.” He paused and waived his right hand towards the front bay window as the wind of early February Calgary snowstorm beat wet flakes against the pane. “Or worse, he could be endangering someone else.”
Dalgood perked up, suddenly interested in what she had assumed was a routine —and probably fruitless missing persons assignment. It was the kind of assignment that rookie, female cops were given. The possibility of violence jumps the case to a completely different level. “Is there any history of violence?”
“He threatened me last Saturday,” Laverne whined through actress tears. “And he tried to barbecue my dog. It is a Chiweenie.”
Dalgood jotted something in her notebook. “ A Chiweenie. Barbecue. Right. So how did he threaten you?”
“Violent yelling and screaming,” Laverne insisted. The tears suddenly dried up.
“Violent yelling. Right,” she repeated as she wrote more. 
Dalgood looked at Brenda who sat with Laverne on the Chesterfield opposite the love seat. “So he has Alzheimer’s?”
“Well, not precisely,” she offered as she reached over and handed Dalgood a photocopied sheet of paper. “But here is his medical diagnosis of a serious cognitive decline. He has had his driver’s license taken away.
Dalgood glanced at the paper. “Can I keep this?”
“For sure. That is a copy.”
“What other signs do you have that he might be…confused?”
“He left the stove on last Wednesday after he made some scrambled eggs,” Brenda explained. “It is a gas stove. He could have burnt the house down.
“And remember last week when he couldn’t even remember the names of his own grandchildren?” Laverne added.
“Yes,” Brenda agreed. “And how about the time a few weeks ago —before he lost his license—when we were driving to dinner at Burt and Mary’s and he went to Peter and Susan’s place instead? And when we got to Burt and Mary’s we found out that the invitation was for the previous week and Charles had been confused.”
“How about the time he told us he forgot his PIN number at Costco,” Donald smirked. “That must have been embarrassing. Glad I wasn’t there.”
“And last Sunday when we visited he had two different socks on,” Laverne grimaced. “How gross.”
Dalgood kept writing in her notebook. “Mismatched socks. Right.”
“So you are convinced that he is a danger to himself and others?” Dalgood offered, purposely using and emphasizing the ‘himself and others’ phrase. 
Donald sat up properly on his chair. “Absolutely.”
Dalgood looked at Brenda and Laverne as they unanimously announced ,”agreed.”
“Just before you came I checked his den,” Donald added. “And he has left his credit card, Interact card, MacBook Air and his iPhone on his desk. He would never go anywhere without them.”
“Have you checked them for activity?”
“Not yet,” Donald lied. “We haven’t figured out his sign-in passwords yet.”
“Let me know if you do find anything? But the bottom line is that all of you agree that he is a danger to himself and a danger to others?” Dalgood probed again. “And that is why you called the police?”
“Right,” Brenda confirmed as all three nodded their heads.
Dalgood looked at Brenda. “Are there any other children? Or anyone else he might have gone to visit?”
“We have another son but he is too busy with his marijuana business to notice his father’s behavior.”
“Marijuana business?” Dalgood wrote in her notebook. “And now you want a formal police report that your husband is missing and a danger to himself and others?”
“Yes,” Donald interjected. “We figure that is the only way anyone will get serious about trying to find him.”
“Well, a notice was sent out a couple of hours ago to all cruisers to be on the lookout for your Dad, but no one has seen him. The next step would be the equivalent of some sort of emergency notice that we usually reserve for a missing child, but we would need more evidence of a missing adult than you have provided. I can make a report of a missing senior, with cognitive issues and post a ‘look out’ notice to all cruisers, but at this point that is all I can do. However, since he is a danger to himself and others, the notice will get a priority label. Can you give a photo we can circulate?”
“A formal report indicating that our father —who is not capable of being responsible for himself or others—would be a good first step,” Donald concluded. “Can you send us a copy of the report?”
Dalgood studied Donald and noticed how Brenda and Laverne attentively waited her reply. “Sure,” she offered as she closed her notebook, stood up and straightened her equipment belt. “I’ll send it to the email address you have given me. And in the meantime an all- points bulletin —with photograph—will ensure that if he is out there we will find him.”
Laverne leaned forward from her perch on the chesterfield. “Where will the bulletin go?” 
“Just locally for now,” Dalgood explained. “Unless you can give me some evidence that he might have left the city?”
“Not at this point,” Brenda offered. “We will let you know if we find anything more.”
They all shook hands. Donald and Laverne stayed by their seats as Brenda showed Dalgood to the door. 
“Will that be enough?” Brenda asked Donald after she returned to the living room.
“I think so,” Donald suggested. “Along with the doctor’s report, the official and formal Police report of a demented man wandering lost around the city who may be at risk to himself or others—should be enough for the court to give us —you—full control over his assets. At least that is what Pete told us we needed for the petition for the court he has been preparing.”
“How soon can we do this?” 
“Pete said he would do it immediately. A soon as he gets the police report. And as soon as Dad is found and back home then the court would act. The ‘danger to himself and others’ should do it. But they won’t do anything until Dad is home, so we have to find him and get him back here.”
Laverne enthusiastically chimed in. “Peter also said that if we win control over his assets in court, then, because he is a danger to others, we can have him placed in a special home where he can be cared for.” 
Brenda was quiet for moment. “You mean committed?”
Donald walked over to the chesterfield and put his arm around his mother. “Might be the only answer here Mom.” He paused as she rested her head on his shoulder. “This is difficult Mom, but we are here for you. But our urgency now is to find where Dad has gone. To help make our case stronger.”
Brenda stood up and walked over to the kitchen island and wiped her eyes with a tissue as she reached into the bottom cupboard for a bottle of Amarone. “Thank you guys. Do we have any idea yet where he went?”
“I’ll keep trying to get into his MacBook Air, phone and credit card,” Donald offered. “His passwords can’t be too hard to figure out.”
“Thanks Donald,” Brenda replied. “I don’t know what I would do without you and Laverne.” 
She paused and walked over to the door to the basement suite. “You can come up now Larry, the policewoman has left.”
Index
 


BLOG 48: Finding Kat…
10 PM, Wednesday, Feb 5, 2020
“Are you sure this is the building?”
“Absolutely,” Chuck responded, turning the iPhone Pro so she could see the Google map and the flashing icon labelled Katherine iPhone. “She—at least her phone—is on the fourth floor of that apartment building.” Chuck nodded to the 12-story nondescript building across the street from where they were parked on Jane Street, just north of Finch. At 10 PM the street was well lit and they watched as a group of teenagers leapfrog walked down the sidewalk in front of the apartment building. Chuck guessed they had probably closed one of the two malls in the Jane-Finch area and were heading home. None of them appeared to be wearing winter clothing and Chuck shivered at the Toronto dampness that the intermittent heater in the rental Impala couldn’t dissolve and wondered if he had been that immune to the cold at their age. Taxi and Honda Civics with wide tires and growling mufflers jousted for space on the passing lane on the street. The sky glowed from the lights of York University a kilometre away. 
Ratched didn’t seem to mind the cold, and they had argued about how often to start the car bot for heat and to defog the windows so they could see the entrance to the apartment building. “Do you think that your family has reported you lost already? Will the cops be looking for you?”
“Well,” he pondered. “They will certainly have reported me missing to the local cops. I left my computer, old iPhone and credit cards on my desk so they will assume I am still local somewhere. Maybe they will think I am wandering lost with the other homeless old guys along17th. By now I would guess that Donald has figured out my codes and maybe the fake Air Canada ticket, and then maybe Brenda will check to see what toiletries —and clothes—are missing. But I am still safe unless the local Police get serious and send out a national all-points of some sort —and I doubt they would do that until I am missing for at least 48 hours, or without some evidence that I have left the province, or with some evidence that I am some danger to myself or others? And they will have likely linked your disappearance to mine by now. That will add a little spice to their speculation don’t you think?”
“Don’t let your imagination get carried away Chuck,” she sneered. “Your only a danger to me if you get stupid.”
They had been parked across the road from the building for three hours and Kat’s phone had not moved. The had hoped that they could wait there until Kat left the building and they could surprise her outside. “What do we do now?” She asked. “We can’t sit out here all night. She might not come out until the morning. Or she might have gone out without her phone.” She shivered and pulled her MEC puffer closer to her body. “Besides. It’s bloody cold in this car.” 
“Now you are cold?” The car windows were frosted with frozen breathe moisture. On his insistence, they had turned the car —heater defroster —on every 20 minutes, but all that seemed to do was make the windows frost up faster. It wasn’t quite as cold as Calgary, but the damp air seemed to seep into his joints. Chuck was not climatized to cold moisture. “I was wondering if you were cold blooded as well as being cold hearted,” he retorted as he scraped the passenger window with his new credit card. Rental cars in Calgary would all provide a snow scraper. 
“Not sure Delores,” he offered after squinting through the paperback book size opening he had scrapped away. “If she is there she might be in trouble and if we barge in it might make it worse?”
“Call the police?” she suggested.
“Call the police? And tell them what?” “Excuse me sir, but we think someone is being held captive in a fourth floor apartment near Jane and finch. Who is it? My 19-year-old granddaughter. How do you know? She called me for some money and used some secret codes to tell me everything wasn’t right. I see. And what is your name? Charles Profit. Right. And you are at Jane and Finch right? Right. Ok sir. When she had been missing for 48 hours we will send a car. Unless you have proof that she is in imminent danger? No. OK. We will start a file. Keep us informed and we will help when needed.” Ten seconds later they will do a check on one Charles Profit and find a he is a dotty old man missing from his home in Calgary. I’m not ready to found —or put in a Happy Leisure home. No. We have to go up and see if she is there.” 
As he started to get out of the car she put her hand on his arm. “Alright,” Delores nodded agreement with his suggestion that they go into the apartment building. “But I’ll go, not you.”
“Why?”
“Do you not think a 70 year old man in a panama hat, sporting an English walking cane might not get noticed?” She paused. “And just leaving the cane and hat behind won’t quite be enough to make you blend in. EMT, policemen and JW’s are the only folks that venture too far into an apartment in this area at this time of night. I’m just someone’s cleaning lady Granny. Not a problem.”
Chuck closed his door and leaned back in his seat. “OK. But don’t’ do anything stupid. Just see if she is there? If she is alright.”
“For sure. I’ll leave stupid to you. Don’t worry. I’ll just look. Cleaning ladies always get the apartment number wrong,” she suggested. “They might even let me in to clean their toilet.”
“You don’t have any cleaning stuff.”
“I’ll tell them I left it in the car. I was just checking if they still wanted me.”
“Ok. Here. Take my phone. You can check as you get nearer to see which apartment it is.”
Reid took the phone and glanced at the screen with the flashing icon indicating the location of Katherine’s phone. “If you can see Kat’s location, why can’t your family see it?”
“It is the Find Your Friends App and when she left, she told me I was the only friend she had listed. No one else would know where she was. If she wanted anyone else to know where she was she would have to add them to her ‘friend’ list.”
Chuck watched as Ratched left the driver’s seat of the car, jogged across the road and approached the darkened entrance to the apartment building. He smiled as she picked up a broom that was left by the front door. Cleaning lady. He could see a panel of lit apartment numbers with buttons for activation. The front door to the apartment was clearly intended to restrict entrance to key—or card—holders, but she just pulled the door and it opened. She looked back at him, shrugged her shoulders and disappeared into the dark stairway opposite the front door dragging the broom behind her with one hand and looking at the phone in the other.
It was the first time that Chuck had been alone since Ratched destroyed his fantasy of anonymity at the airport. He had learned how she knew he was leaving —his blog was in the public domain after all—but he had to think a moment to figure out how she knew his real name. But if you knew his life he guessed it wouldn’t have been hard to move from Chuck Profiterole to Charles Profit. And all of his travel documents were in his real name so she showed no surprise as the WestJet agent who was checking passes at the gate wished Mr. Profit a comfortable trip.
“So what was your plan after we landed Chuck?” she had asked when they had made their dinner choice and started their first glass of Okanagan Cabernet. “You don’t mind me calling you Chuck do you? Seems that I know Chuck better than Charles.”
“Have you read all the blogs?” Charles asked with some hesitation.
“Every word Chuck. You aren’t a bad writer for an old guy. Especially an old IT guy.”
“Sorry if I portrayed you in a bad light.”
“No worries Chuck. I was bad,” she offered as she sipped her wine. “By the way, Brenda is indeed having an affair with her pickleball coach.”
Chuck grimaced. “Thanks for that Delores. Does everyone know? Any other family secrets you want to share?”
“As usual with self centred, narcissistic, old men, you are the last to know.” She took a sip of her wine. “Lorraine is gay,” she whispered.
“What,” he choked. “How do you know that? What do you mean narcissistic?”
“The blog Chuck. Only self-centred idiots think that anyone other than them would be interested in their un-original thinking. One of her girlfriends is a doctor at Rockyview. I saw them making out in Lorraine’s car before I met you.”
“Poor Donald,” he sighed. “He has enough troubles without that.” He waved his credit card to ask for more wine. “Un-original?” he added defensively. “Five hundred followers don’t think so.”
“They are mostly voyeurs amazed and entertained weekly at the level of your narcissism. Don’t feel too sorry for Donald, Chuck, he has been working with Brenda —and your friend Peter by the way—to get a judge to declare you mentally incompetent so they can take over all of your affairs. Your wandering off won’t help your case.”
Chuck was silent for a moment. “So you say,” he offered defensive again. “I don’t know how you know this, but I guess it should not surprise me. Pete never got over that golf episode. And your lies didn’t help. They got my driver’s license you know.”
Delores took her second glass of wine from the attendant. “I know Chuck. Remember I’ve been your driver. And don’t be so defensive Chuck. Your blog is indeed entertaining even if it is not for the reasons you thought.”
“I remember what you did,’ he suggested, ignoring the shot at his blog. “But I have never figured out how they got enough evidence to convince a doctor to have the province suspend my license. Or to declare me mentally incompetent? Your notes weren’t that bad.”
“It wasn’t my lies Chuck,” she announced. “It was the doctor. The first one you saw at Rockyview? “
Chuck took a large swig of the wine. He thought a whiskey might be next. “Lorraine’s?”
“You got it Einstein.”
“What about Graham and Lorne?”
“I never heard their names mentioned. They might be going along with the scam, but I never heard that.”
“How did you hear all of this?”
“Helpers can be invisible. I heard some while you were in the hospital. Some I picked up while listening at the basement door when Lorraine and Donald visited with Brenda when you were out of the house at the golf simulator. Before they got your license revoked.”
“Ah. The golf simulator. Are you ready to tell me how a nurse is a scratch golfer?”
“Not scratch—and not yet,” she chuckled. “Let’s just focus on the moment eh?
“OK. You said scam a moment ago. Does that mean you don’t believe their claims about my mental stability?”
“Ha. I’m not sure stability is the right word Chuck. But no, from everything I have seen and heard, you are no more mentally deficient than an average 70 year old. You probably have some residual damage from that Pickleball knock—I’d worry a bit about those dizzy spells you mention— and I think that you have to be slightly off your rocker to launch that blog and share your innermost demons with strangers, but there is no unusual cognitive decline that I can see. As I told you, my favorite was the stand-up blog. You should try it for real sometime. But this all brings us back to what it is you now have planned to do to find your granddaughter?”
Over the third wine, Chuck had told her his plan had only gone as far as deciding to go where her iPhone was located. Hopefully that would be the end of the search and they could all just go home. If that doesn’t work maybe the next step would be checking out the university to see if she had gone there to find her grandmother.
“How are you going to get there Chuck? Bus? Hitchhike? You don’t have a driver’s license to rent a car.”
“Uber,” he hesitantly announced. “I planned to take an Uber.”
“And have the Uber wait while you cased the place, took Katherine with you and headed back to the airport?”
“Something like that.”
“I take it all back. You are demented. I’ll rent the car and drive. You and your iPhone can tell me where to go.”
He was silent as she fiddled with the entertainment system and ordered a movie —A Marriage Story. Some irony, he thought as he ruminated on his own circumstances, and she apparently assumed the conversation and planning was done. A third glass of wine always made him drowsy, and the hum of airplane engines could always put him to sleep without the wine, and he fought off the urge to drift to sleep before he asked one last question.
“Why are you doing this? This isn’t your affair?”
She removed the earbuds she had taken from her purse. “I told you. Without you I don’t have a job. And my job was to look after you.”
Chuck was suspicious. “Is there more?”
“Not for now,” she announced as she shoved in the earbuds and pushed play on the movie screen.
They had never gotten to that last question on the plane, and now he watched and waited for her to leave the apartment building, hopefully with Kat in tow.

Index



BLOG 49: Find Your Friends…
10:10 PM Wednesday, Feb 5,2020
Deep in his thoughts of the airplane trip, Chuck almost missed the tall, heavily built man dressed in a black hoodie with the hood pulled over his head, who casually walked out of the front door of the apartment building. For a second he could see the young, clean shaved face as the man checked his phone in the ambient light of the apartment lobby, and even then Chuck would not have paid much attention except for the fact that Ratched followed 20 seconds later. She had Chuck’s iPhone in her hand waving it at the car and pointing at the man who had just left. He grabbed his hat and cane, jumped out of the car and ran to her as she started to follow the man.
“I never got to the apartment,” she explained a little out of breath. “As I watched the phone to see what apartment held the phone, the location icon started to move towards the front door. I was on the 4th floor and the phone was almost at the door before I realized what was happening.”
Chuck took the phone and checked the screen. “Right. That guy has Kat’s phone. Let’s go get him.”
“Hold on superman,” she whispered as she grabbed his arm. “That is a bigger, younger man. How are we going to do this?”
“No idea. But as least we can follow him and see who he is and where he goes? Maybe he is going to where Kat is now?”
He started walking fast to try and catch up to the man, but slowed down when he figured they were far enough back in the hazy darkness of the streetlight lit sidewalk to watch, but not be noticed. They watched as, after a block of brisk walking, he turned off the sidewalk and started down a tree shrouded, dark path that led into a park of some sort behind the row of town houses and apartment buildings. 
“That’s Driftwood Park,” Delores announced. “I wouldn’t go in there at this time of night.”
“I am,” Chuck gave her a sideways glance but didn’t ask how she knew what the park was called. “It will be tougher to follow him in the path system. It is dark in there. We’ll probably have to get closer.” He entered the path only few seconds after the man and immediately saw him disappear as the path made a sharp left turn into the darkness. The path was the width of a narrow bike path. The path ground was hardened by use and bike tire ruts emerged at places of soft soil. The mixed bush of cedars, bare pine and maple trees still provided a dense winter coverage along the edge of the path, and after only a few metres into the path the space was shielded from the light of the street and traffic lights along the road. As they approached the turn in the path they heard voices. “He has met someone,” he whispered. “Maybe Kat? Let’s look.”
He carefully moved to the corner on the mixed gravel and mud path, trying to make no crunching noise on the lumps of gravel. He crouched behind the large cedar bush growing under a pine tree that marked the corner of the path. 
Ratched came behind him and looked over his shoulder, squinting through the dense cedar branches. “A drug deal,” she whispered as they watched a tall—over 185 cm she guessed—heavily built man in his twenties trade some cash for a small Ziplock bag from a smaller, man with a Blue Jays toque pulled over his forehead. “He came here to get some drugs. We can just wait until he goes back to his apartment and confront him there?”
“I have a better idea.” He handed her a large pinecone lying on the ground under the pine tree. “Stick this with your hand in your jacket pocket. Follow me.” 
In the darkness, they could make out the shape of the transaction that was taking place in a 10 by 10 metre clearing 5 metres from the path corner where they were standing. From the flattened grass and compacted dirt Chuck suspected that this was a popular meeting place, with different visitors in the day from those that came at night. He stood up, took out his wallet and with his cane in his right hand and his open wallet in the left he pranced into the clearing.
“Evening boys,” he calmly announced as he flashed his open wallet. “Kindly keep your hands where I can see them. My partner has a nervous trigger finger.”
The surprised men looked first at Chuck’s wallet, then his Panama hat and stick, and then glanced behind him to see Ratched in the shadows holding something in her hand hidden in her jacket pocket. The toqued dealer was the first to run and Chuck let him go, but as the larger, younger, man with the iPhone started to follow, Chuck stuck the cane between his legs and he crashed into the gravel. The clear, Ziploc bag full of white powder in his hand skittered under a cedar bush. Before he could move Chuck shoved the point of the cane into his throat. “I wouldn’t move if I was you. Unless of course you never want to talk again?”
The man lay on his back with the sharp point of the cane embedded in his throat. They could see now that he as a young man probably not out of his teens.
“Constable Johnson,” he spoke to Ratched without taking his eyes off the boy. “Keep him covered while he and I have a chat.” 
“Yes Sergeant,” she offered as she stifled a laugh.
Then to the boy. “I just want to ask you some questions. If you answer them correctly we will let you go.”
“What if I don’t?” the man choked a raspy answer.
Chuck pushed the tip of the cane further into his throat. “Nod if you understand?”
The man nodded vigorously.
“Get the phone and his ID, officer.”
Ratched left the pinecone in her pocket and cautiously went through the man’s pockets until she found the phone and his wallet. She took the phone, handed Chuck the wallet and went back into the dark shadows and put her hand on the pinecone again. “Got it boss.” Another stifled laugh.
Chuck looked in the wallet. “Only a few questions for you….Shamier? You be truthful and you are on your way. Understand?”
A nod.
Chuck lifted the cane tip an inch above the boy’s throat. “Where did you get this cellphone?”
“My boss,” he croaked.
“Not good enough,” Chuck yelled as he pushed the cane tip further into the throat. “Try again.” He lifted the cane again. 
The man started to cough. “I don’t know his name or anything else. He calls himself Whitey on his phone.”
“What do you do for him?”
“I just make money collections for him at places like Western Union offices. Legitimate money transfers.”
“What about the phone?”
“He gave it to me so he could call me whenever he wanted.”
“When did he give it to you?”
“Two months ago.”
“How often does he call?”
“Once a week he texts me with the Western Union office, the sender’s details, the tracking number and the password so I can pick up the cash without ID.”
He paused, and Chuck pushed the tip of the cane. “What do you do with the money?”
“OK. OK,” he gasped. “I text the guy and I meet him here, give him the money and he pays me a cut. You busted in before he could give me my cut,” the young man whined. “I’m not doing anything illegal.”
Chuck nodded to the Ziploc bag. “That so? That all for your personal use Shamier? Seems to me money courier isn’t your only business?”
“That isn’t my stuff either,” Shamier cried. “I can’t lose that stuff man. I’d be in shit.”
Chuck ignored the drugs. “How much money did you pick up from western Union this time? Did Whitey get it?”
“Eight thousand from some guy in Calgary. And yeah. He got it before he ran. But I didn’t get my cut,” he whined again. “
“Ok Shamier. Just a little more. Whitey texts you right? No voice conversation?”
He nodded.
“How did he recruit you to this courier job?”
“Whitey gives me and my friends all sorts of odd jobs.”
“So you have other friends that do these Western Union pick-ups?”
“Whitey has the Toronto business, but I assume that there are others in other cities. I heard him talking to someone in Montreal once.”
“How much money do you pick up a week?”
“Twenty? Two or three pickups.”
“Twenty thousand?” Chuck tried not to sound surprised.
“What do you get?”
“Two hundred a pick up. But I didn’t get it this time,” he repeated.
“One more question Shamier. Do you know who used to own this phone?”
“Only that it was some chick who gave it to them. Whitey told me it wasn’t stolen so not to worry about it.”
Chuck was silent for a moment as he processed the information. He reached down and picked up the bag of white powder. He took out the driver’s license and threw the wallet onto Shamier’s chest. “Ok young man. I now know who you are, and if I ever hear of you selling again you will not get off easy. You will tell Whitey that you ran away right after him and left the drugs in the clearing so the cops probably have it by now. You were lucky to get away like him.” 
Ratched interjected from the shadows. “And say nothing about the phone young man. You will tell Whitey that you lost it when you fell in Black Creek when you ran away through the park. You Ok with all of that, Junior?”
Shamier tried to look over at her, but the cane in his throat stopped any sideways movement. He nodded.
Chuck lifted the cane from his throat. “Run Shamier, run,” He offered. “And don’t look back”
In seconds the boy was on his feet and scrambling on all fours to get out of the clearing and the park. Chuck and Ratched were left standing in the clearing holding Kat’s cell phone and a bag of drugs. Neither moved for a moment.
“Did you just do that or was I on a movie set of Law and Order?” Ratched laughed.
“Actually, I’m more likely to follow the script of Line of Duty. The British are so much more subtle in their policing.”
“Well Chief Inspector Profit, might I suggest we get the hell out of here before a real cop shows up?”
“Right on,” he laughed. “Let’s bust this place… Junior? Give me a break.”
“I just figured you wouldn’t know the name of the creek,” she offered. “And a little Mama talk never hurts.
Chuck didn’t ask how she knew the name of the creek. Or for that matter how she knew mama talk—if that is what it was. He shoved the bag of coke in his jacket pocket and slowly led the way back the path to their rental car. His body ached and he felt slightly dizzy. The cane helped him. Neither spoke on the drive on the drive. Chuck was suddenly very tired and glad that she was driving. Half an hour later they were in the suite that Ratched had booked at the Pearson airport Hampton Inn. She was right in suggesting he would be more easily found if he used the place he had booked in his name, so he cancelled that and let her book a room. It was 10:50 PM and neither had eaten since the airplane that morning. They had been afraid to leave the parking spot opposite the apartment building in case they missed Kat. Chuck had once suggested they get pizza delivery to the car. 
“I’ll order room service,” Delores offered, continuing to take charge of their plan as she moved to phone on as table beside the pull out chesterfield. “You check the mini bar for the oldest scotch available. I suspect we might want to do a little post mortem on all that information? But I was impressed Chuck,” she picked up the hotel phone. “Quite impressed.”

Index



Blog 50: A Digital Mystery
February 5th, Wednesday, 11 PM
“I’ve got it,” Donald announced to the empty den. He had spent the last seven hours alternately consulting with Burt about the court process and trying to break into Chuck’s various accounts. The MacBook Air was still there but password protected, and his iPhone had fingerprint sign in, but since Donald couldn’t use that so the only way he could get into any accounts on either device was to find the passwords. He had tried every combination of family birthdays—backwards and forwards—to no avail. He tried anniversaries, the grandchildren birthdays, Chucks’ retirement date. He tried Chucks old password from the golf club membership. Donald still used Chuck’s account to reserve tee times —and pay for after game refreshments. Frustrated, he was sitting at Chuck’s desk staring into the space above the desk searching for another inspiration when he noticed the ‘hole in one’ trophy—and the date, August, 23, 1993. “Worth a try,” he mumbled to himself. He tried 2319. Nothing. 2393. Nothing. Hin11993. Nothing. 0823. Nothing. Lucky0893. Nothing. 0893. And the iPhone home screen lit up his face in the now dark office.
“I’ve got it. I’ve got it!” he yelled to the others. “Come here! I have it.”
Brenda was in the kitchen putting away the leftover, delivered Thai food they had ordered after the Calgary Policewoman had left. Larry Dunmore, her friend and pickleball coach had opened a second bottle of Amarone earlier and was leaning his lithe, 180 cm body on the island. Laverne was cuddling with her Chiweenie on the chesterfield and watching a game show. The grandchildren were home with a sitter. Laverne had decided that the issue was too stressful for the children to be involved. No one had yet told Graham and Lorne that Chuck was missing. They all converged on the den, Brenda and Larry cuddling their wine glasses while Laverne comforted a bored Chiweenie.
“Any activity?” Larry asked. “Look at recent phone calls,” he suggested.
Donald scrolled through the calls. “Nothing in the past 24 hours.”
Check his Uber account,” Brenda suggested. “He would use that if he went somewhere.”
Donald entered the Uber app. It asked for his password and the 0893 worked again.
“Nothing,” Donald shared.
“Look at his search history,” Dunmore suggested.
Donald went to Safari and the search history. “Shit,” he offered. “Look at this.”
How to dispose of your spouse’s lover?
How to cut your children out of your will?
How to barbecue a wiener dog?
How to buy marijuana for grandchildren?
“He has totally lost it,” a shocked Laverne exclaimed as she hugged her dog tighter to her chest.
“I guess he knows about us eh?” Larry sheepishly offered.
Brenda was silent for few seconds. “Nah. He’s just fucking with us. I know him and he is fucking with us. He knew you would find the password and he knew you would look at his search history. What does his bank account say? Once you are into the phone —and computer—you should be able to get into his bank account.”
Dunmore stood behind the group sipping his Amarone. “Doesn’t it strike you a bit strange that an IT expert would use the same password for all of his sign ins?” he offered.
Donald ignored him as he opened up the MacBook Air with the 0893 code and went to Chuck’s RBC Online link. He used the stored account number and password in the computer to access the account. “He took out $45 thousand from his chequing yesterday,” Donald showed them the account. “There is still $5 thousand left, but no other activity that I can see in either his Visa Avion card or his chequing account. But none of his investment accounts are here. Why aren’t his investment accounts here?”
“Check the date that the accounts were established?” Dunmore suggested.
Donald checked the account dates. “Shit,” he exclaimed. “Monday. These chequing and savings accounts are new. He only established them this week and transferred the money there from somewhere else. He must have other accounts with another bank not shown on his Air or his iPhone.”
“Monday,” Brenda repeated. “That was when he went to the mall with Delores. Maybe she knows something? Has anyone seen her today?”
They all looked at each other. No one offered any information.
“Fuck,” Brenda exclaimed as she ran from the den and down the stairs to Ratched’s living space. Laverne and Dumore followed.
“She’s gone,” Laverne yelled. “Her clothes, books, and laptop are all gone.”
“Not everything,” Dumore offered as he picked up a soft covered copy of One flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest from the coffee table in front of the pull out chesterfield.
“I found something else,” they heard Donald yell from upstairs.
They gathered in the den again as Donald showed them the indentations in the yellow paper pad that he had highlighted with a pencil. “It looks like he was planning to book an Uber. And he was going to book an Air Canada ticket to Cabo, Mexico. He left this morning.”
“He and Delores, I’m guessing,” Brenda wryly offered. “Larry? We have to go after them. Before he —or she—empties his investment accounts.”
“And I’ll tell Officer Dalgood that he has been kidnapped,” Donald suggested. “I suspect a kidnapping of a cognitive challenged— dangerous—man will get someone’s attention. Maybe they have some contacts in Mexico that can help.”
  

Index



BLOG 51: Dead ends…
11:30 PM, Wednesday Feb 5, 2020
 “This is the worst pizza, I have ever had,” Ratched chuckled as she scarfed down her third piece, washed down with her second bar fridge Cabernet. The scotch was all paint cleaner quality. They were both seated at the small round table in front of a window. There was a distant view of the lights of Pearson and the steady flow of plans landing and taking off. 
 “I can tell by the way you are restraining yourself, ” Chuck offered. “I’ll make sure to mention it on TripAdvisor.”
“I booked the place, remember?” she mumbled through a mouthful of cheese and pepperoni. “That was stupid booking yourself. Can’t have your family finding us can we Chuck? It would be tough to find your granddaughter in a straightjacket. So what’s the plan now?”
“What?” Chuck poured his second paint thinner into a plastic glass.
“What’s the plan?” She repeated as she wiped her mouth on the included paper napkin. “We have her phone now. How does that help us find her?”
Chuck paused and lifted up the phone from the table. “ I don’t know. I guess that I thought if we found her phone we would find her.”
“Why would she give her phone away? According to your buddy, she willingly gave the phone to someone for them to use?”
“Ok. I have to start from the assumption that she wants us—me— to find her. Or she wouldn’t have called and left those clues that she wasn’t where they said she was. So if that is the case, then she meant for us—me— to find the phone. It must tell us in some way where she is.”
“Is it password protected?” 
Chuck turned it on. “Yes,” he announced. “But unless buddy Shamier there changed it I know what it is.” He typed in 4 digits and the apps on the iPhone came to life. 
“How did you know the password numbers?”
“She told me it was the day she got Grumpy her cat when she was 12 years old.”
“And how do you know that date?”
“I gave it to her. First day of March break, 2014. So, 2414. At least it wasn’t the day Grumpy died.”
“You know that as well?”
“Yeah, I ran over the beast in the driveway.”
“Ok. You are in. Now what,” she asked. “You are the big IT guy.”
“Start with her emails and search history I guess,” he offered as opened the phone. “Shit. Search history has been cleaned. And all emails deleted. No history at all. Someone cleaned this phone before they gave it to our buddy Shamier.”
“Check the text messages,” Reid suggested.
“Wow,” he exclaimed. “Look at this.”
Reid leaned per his shoulder as he scrolled through three months of text messages. They were all similar to the one that was sent to Chuck to pay the Montreal lawyer—a Western Union location, a password and a transfer number. “There must be a hundred grand of transfers like mine over the past three months.”
“Look,” Reid offered. “The texts all come from a different number each time. “Can we do a reverse look up on any of them to see where they are?”
“Not likely,” he explained. “These are most likely VOIP numbers. They use a different one each time so it can’t be traced.”
“So nothing on her phone helps us find her?”
Chuck put the phone down on the round dining table. “Doesn’t look like it. I’ll think about it. But I am tired. The adrenalin is wearing off. And I missed my afternoon nap,” he laughed. “Let’s get some sleep and figure this out in the morning. You get the bedroom.” He nodded to the room separated from the rest of the suite by a pair of French doors. “And I’ll use the pull out.”
She reached over and put her hand over his. “We’ll find her Chuck. Nice move back in the park though. Not bad for a senile old man.”
“What park?” he responded as he squeezed back. “See you in the morning. I’ll brush my teeth in the bar sink.”
Chuck lay on the lumpy pull out bed going over the last 24 hours. It seemed a long time ago that Ratched woke him from his reverie on equally uncomfortable, plastic lounge chair. He still hadn’t quite processed why she was actually here with him in Toronto, seemingly as equally engaged in the search for Katherine? In fact she seemed to be taking charge in some way, and he was too tired to argue. This morning he was celebrating his new found independence, and now he was admittedly grateful for another woman taking charge of his life. Go figure. Part of his confusion was that the Reid that just squeezed his hand didn’t jive with the Ratched that had his driving license taken away. Even her appearance was different, he thought as he mentally compared the details of his first meeting with her in hospital scrubs to the lady who woke him at the airport. Without his eidetic memory that allowed him to compare even the smallest detail of her face—eyes, lips—he might even had concluded they were two different people. But while the presentation was different—clothes, hair and make-up—the features were the same. It was nurse Ratched. The personality change was harder to sort out. She had hardly said a nasty thing to him since the airport. A little sarcasm here and there, but nothing nasty. He tried to put all of this together with the golf display and the Stephen Hawking books, but nothing meshed into any conclusions. He decided that for the moment he would put all of that aside and focus upon why he was here—finding Kat. And he admitted to himself that she had been helpful so far and might be of further use to him as he continued the search. That got him thinking over Ratched’s last question. What’s the plan?
They had tried the easy things, like going over the emails and text messages to see if there was a clue in any of those to where she might be. If anything had been there, he might have been able to find the IP addresses of any other computer that emailed her. And if he had an IP address he could search back to a location. But there were no emails and no search history. Suddenly he remembered the GPS. If she had activated one of the software apps that she had—he knew she had Gaia since he helped her set it up—he might be able to track her steps over the past couple of months. Suddenly he sat up, wide-awake. “Shit,” he exclaimed to himself as he scrambled off the sofa bed and pulled on his pants. “Delores,” he yelled through the doors. “Get up. We need to get out of here.”
When there was no answer he pushed open the doors and surprised her standing beside the bed naked as she pulled on her underpants. “I heard you Chuck.” She made no effort to cover up. “What? Never seen a naked black girl before?” she chuckled as he stood at the door not moving.
“Sorry,” he recovered. “I just thought you were fatter.”
She threw a pillow at him and continued dressing as he retreated to the living room. “So what is the big problem? I have a cheap wine headache.”
“The GPS, Ratched,” he yelled as he finished dressing himself, stuffed is clothes back into the carry-on bag and grabbed his cane and hat. “Do you think our Shamier friend actually told that lie about losing the phone in the creek?”
“Nah. He told them we have it. He would be more scared of Whitey than of us.” He could hear her jamming her clothes in her suitcase. “Shit. If we can find the phone, then so could they. The would have added themselves to her ‘Friends” list so they could keep track of Shamier. The fucking drugs.”
“Right,” he agreed. “We need to get out of here. Now.” 
“I’m ready,” she announced as she came into the living room. “We can dump the phone somewhere and find somewhere else to sleep off the wine.”
“No need to dump the phone,” he offered. “I want to check the GPS history later.” He opened up the settings and disabled the GPS, the Find Your Friends app and all location settings. Chuck pulled the Ziploc bag of drugs from his carry-on gym bag and placed it on the round table they had been sitting at earlier. He grabbed the hotel writing pad and pen, scribbled a note and placed the paper on top of the drugs. “Ok. Let’s go.”
He opened up the door a crack and looked into the hallway. “Looks clear, come on,” he ordered as he went out the door and headed to the elevator.
Ratched grabbed his arm. “Not the elevator. If they are coming for us as you think, then it wouldn’t be a good idea for the night clerk to see us leave. The stairs?”
“Right.”
The stairway well was well lit and quiet as they made their way from the fourth floor to a main floor hall with a double exit; one went to the lobby and another to a fire-door leading to the parking lot at the back of the hotel where their rental was parked. Chuck pushed the parking lot door open a crack and looked over the lot. He immediately saw the two Hummers parked beside each other in the fire laneway only 10 metres away, and watched through the crack as four men got out of the first Hummer and walked towards the front of the hotel. In the parking lot lights, he recognized Shamier as one of the men being pushed from behind by a taller, grey bearded, pony tailed man wearing a leather jacket with some sort of motorcycle logo on the back. One of the men in front of the others glanced down at what Chuck guessed was an iPhone. “I’ve lost the signal, but they were up there a moment ago,” he motioned to the wall of the building. “Fourth floor. Couldn’t tell which room.” 
“Doesn’t matter,” the grey beard offered. “The clerk will tell us.”
After they disappeared into the front lobby, Chuck turned to Ratched. “We’ve got to get out of here somehow. They might use the stairs. But there is a second Hummer out there—blocking the fire lane. We can’t get by it without being seen.”
“They won’t be watching this door. They will be watching the front. Waiting for their buddies to come back.”
“So?”

“So I go out first and turn left and walk down the laneway to the front door. They will know there is a black woman involved but you are probably their prime target, and with that Panama and cane the most easily identified. They will be confused. The driver will either move the Hummer a little further ahead to see me better or get out of the tank and walk to me. When he does either, you sneak out and go to the right and get to our car.”
“How do you know they won’t shoot you or capture you or do whatever bad guys do?”
“Hold my bag,” she ordered as she stripped down to her bra and panties, and searched through the bag. She shivered in the cold space as she pulled out a sheer silk nightshirt —Chuck had seen it on top of the bed earlier—and pulled it on. She tussled her already bed-head hair, smudged her lipstick and quickly dabbed some eyeliner around her eyes and pulled her puffer jacket around he shoulders, leaving an open view of her chest. “When you get the chance, take our bags and get to the car.” And she slipped out the door and started singing slurred as she staggered down the lane.
Chuck watched her, too surprised to make a move to stop her. “But you’ll freeze out there dressed like that!” was all he could say as she pushed her way out the door.
“What’s love got to do…got to do with it…” 
She was right. The already running Hummer slipped into gear and slowly followed her. When the vehicle had gone 20 metres, she turned around and with her right hand on her hips threw the driver a kiss with her left. He could see her breath in the minus 10 weather. “Looking for company she yelled,” as she started to approach the driver’s door.
The driver rolled the window down and spoke into his phone. “Just some drunk whore looking for business. Anything up there?”
“Just getting to the room the clerk sent us to.”
“Roger that,” he answered. He threw her a $20 bill. “Here Grandma, go buy yourself a shot. And a sweater.”
Ratched smiled and stuffed the bill in her bra. “Ok, nice boy. Thanks.” And she wandered off into the parking lot singing. When she was out of sight she ran to the idling rented Impala. “I earned us dinner,” she laughed as she dropped the $20 on the dash and pulled on the puffer. “Fuck. Turn up the heat.”
“That was dumber than my show in the park,” Chuck announced. “Where did you learn that trick?”
“Hawaii Five 0,” she laughed. “Season 1 episode 4.” She pulled her coat tighter around her shoulders. The damp, cold Toronto January air was no place for a too-too. “What did the note you left on the drugs say?”
Chuck pulled out onto Airport Road. “There a is a lot more where this came from.”
“You really want to see these guys again?”
“If they help lead us to Kat I do. Where to now? You know they will be checking hotels everywhere now?”
“Go back to the 401 and take the Avenue Road turn south to downtown. I know a place where we can hide out for a while,” Ratched ordered. “At least until we get some sleep and figure out the next step. And drive carefully. You don’t have a license.”
Chuck looked over at the passenger side of the Impala and swerved the car back and forth like he was drunk. “Yes boss. And by the way that was impressive for an old lady. Very impressive,” he offered. “And very sexy.”
Index



Blog 52: Found You…
10 AM Thursday, February 6th, 2020 
“A ticket was booked for Cabo,” Dalgood explained on the Brenda’s phone set on speaker. “But he didn’t show up. And there was no ticket bought for a Delores Reid on the Cabo flight either. But I looked further and found that he was on the manifest for the 8AM WestJet to Toronto. There was no Reid on that manifest.”
“So he is in Toronto? Alone?”
“Well he went there yesterday morning at any rate.”
“Can you issue some kind of all-points bulletin for them in Toronto?”
“Again, as I said to you and your family before, at this point he appears to be voluntarily travelling with someone and hasn’t yet done anything dangerous. And we don’t even know yet if she is with him. We can send out a notice to the Toronto police for them to be on the lookout for the couple you describe, but only to check on their well-being, not to take any action.”
“You have the descriptions I sent you? The missing cane and Panama hat thing?”
“Yes. Seventy year old man with short grey hair, no glasses, wispy goatee, 5 feet 10 inches, 175 lbs., possibly wearing a Panama hat and sporting a fancy cane. A 60s black woman, portly, wiry hair, 5 feet 3 inches. Could be dressed in a caftan.”
“Right,” Brenda concurred. “Can you check her credit card?
“No. We have no reason at this point to invade this woman’s privacy. But we will let you know if anything shows up with the Toronto police.”
“Thanks.” Brenda disconnected the call.
Donald and Laverne had attentively listened to the phone call. “It’s a good thing you guys didn’t head to Cabo,” Laverne exclaimed.
“Do we go to Toronto?” Donald asked.
“What good would that do?” Brenda offered. “We have no idea where he —and that floozie—are. And I doubt that the Toronto police will take this seriously.”
“So we just wait?” Laverne asked.
“I guess,” Donald confirmed. “Should we tell Graham that Dad is missing?” 


Index



BLOG 53: SETTING THE HOOK…
10 AM Thursday, Feb 6 2020
At breakfast, Horatio announced that today would be an unusual day off. Apparently there was some sort of software upgrade that would take all day so everyone could pretend that today was Sunday. 
Sunday was usually a day off. The front deck of the main part of the villa stretched across the complete front of the building and faced the lights of the capital city far below and Martinique 81km across the Caribbean Sea. On their days off when they didn’t want to go to the beach, or on some other Island adventure, the consultants gathered here to read or listen to their own music choices. They all had flat screen TVs in their bedroom suites, connected by the satellite on the roof to every channel in the universe, although by usage stats, Netflix, CNN, Fox and Amazon Prime were all that were really necessary. However, most of them reserved TV — and the other bedroom activities —for the free evenings. Their time off was staggered since for some of the calls like the CRA ones, it was better to call around suppertime, and for others like the granny calls, it was better to call in the day. Horatio told Kat that seniors were especially vulnerable shortly after lunch. Nap time, he joked. For Kat and Gina this meant that their evenings were mostly free. Also, they usually avoided calling on Sunday. Horatio said seniors still go to church and aren’t as vulnerable that day. They could possibly raise the call with one of their senior church going friends who might talk some sense into them. So Sunday for Kat, Gina, and Miranda was usually either a beach day or a deck day. Sunday was also the day off for the ‘accountants’ as Horatio called them, who managed the flow of payments from the victims, or from third parties that bought the personal data the operation had acquired. Kat had by now figured that if she were to hurt Horatio, it would have to be in some sort of financial way. 
Ever since she learned of Horatio’s role in her mother’s death, she had thought carefully about the best sort of revenge At this point, she could easily expose him and the operation. He would have to close it down and he might—or might not—be prosecuted. She had heard about his last operation in Costa Rica that had netted over $10 million until it was exposed, yet here he was, up and running again. So just exposing him wasn’t good enough. She had to hurt him and since the only reason this centre existed was to make money, then money would be the only valued currency of revenge. Exposing him would be easy. Over the past month she had written down everything she could learn about the pieces of the business in her secret notebook. Add that to the names of the consultants, and she was sure some law enforcement agency somewhere would be interested. She would feel badly for some of the consultants she had become friends with, but she had to keep reminding herself that they were criminals as well. 
“Good morning, Mike,” she offered as she sat down in one of the deck loungers next to one of the ‘accountants’. “What ya reading?”
“Morning Kat,” he responded pleasantly from his own lounge, holding up his Kindle reader for her to see. “Nothing appropriate for a Thursday morning I assure you. Nice to have an extra day off though eh?”
Kat nodded and squinted to see the title. “Sam Harris?” she laughed. “I read that book in a Grade 12 social studies class. Someone in the class reported the discussion with their evangelical parents and the teacher was almost fired for having us read a book prophesizing ‘the end of faith.’”
“Did you believe him?” Mike probed. “I mean do you accept the notion that faith is dead?”
Kat paused before she answered. Most—actually all—of the male consultants had tried advances on Kat from the moment she arrived. She knew she was an attractive, slender and athletic 160 centimetres, with long auburn hair somehow derived from her Irish genetic history. Her face wasn’t Botox perfect —her jaw was too large to be purely feminine, her eyes a little too far apart and her complexion was muddy, not peachy. With fist size breasts she would never be a men’s’ magazine centrefold, yet she knew from experience that she was attractive to men. While both Gina and Miranda had frequent relationships —they had worked out a signal to tell each other when it wasn’t a good time to come into the room. For some reason she couldn’t determine, all of Miranda’s 130 kilos were constantly in demand. Kat had seen Miranda naked and, while Kat wasn’t a man, she saw little that was attractive in the woman’s obesity. But Kat had stayed ‘single’ at the centre. By nature, the men who thrived as consultants where bold and confident. Kat figured that they had to be, to make the type of calls they did on a daily basis? That personality drifted into their personal lives and she had fended off all of them at one point or another, and she had learned that, to a man, they had left behind some shattered personal life in the US or Canada. Rum and excess money appeared strong salves, as well as enablers.
Mike was different. Shortly after she had arrived, they had started meeting on the deck most Sunday mornings when the other consultants were still sleeping off the previous night’s Mount Gay. Slowly, she had learned that he had a degree in accounting from Concordia in Montreal, but really wanted to do a degree in Philosophy. 
“Did you know that the Presidents of 4 of the major Canadian banks had philosophy degrees before they went into business?” he offered one morning.
“So you want to be a bank President?” she joked.
“Good heavens no,” he laughed. “I’m not tall enough, I still have my hair and no pot belly.” He pulled up his t-shirt to expose his firm abs.
“Why philosophy then?”
“For centuries, philosophers from Socrates—likely long before then—to today have been trying to figure out human behavior. I find human behavior a wonderful mystery to explore.”
“Won’t get you a job Mike,” she chided.
“Accountancy can satisfy the base needs. Philosophy can satisfy the intrinsic ones.”
“Thus Sam Harris?”
“Right.”
Other than the fact that she enjoyed his company, Kat had decided that Mike was her way into the knowledge of the financial side of the operation —the side that would really hurt Horatio if she could get at it. So part of her nurturing of the relationship was to figure out how to exploit him to get information. The other part of was simply that she liked him. He was maybe 5 cm taller than her. And as his abs showed, he was lithe and athletic. She had watched him work out early in the morning on the rear deck and counted a five-minute plank one morning. Push ups—she lost count— sit ups, crunches and some yoga type things she didn’t’ recognize were his daily, pre breakfast routines. He also jogged most days. He wasn’t a handsome man. His chin and mouth were small for his face size, and his eyes were too far apart for classic proportions. He was hairy. Black curly head hair and a thick beard that always had a 5 o’clock shadow, although unlike the other men he hadn’t adopted the fashionable two-day-old beard and he shaved every morning. She had to admit to herself that her interest in him was not strictly exploitive. She was attracted to him and wasn’t sure how she would respond if he made. She wondered if she wasn’t attractive to him?
“Where would you do the philosophy degree?” she gently probed. She wanted to find out more about him, but there seemed to be an unwritten rule amongst the consultants that individuals’ pasts were their own business. Only Horatio seemed to know everything about everyone. 
“Maybe Nipissing University,” he offered. “A good prof up there I have been reading.”
“Up there?”
“North Bay,” he laughed. “Up there on a map. Four hours’ drive north of Toronto.”
“Do you have family there?”
“No family,” he responded, and then turned back to his Kindle, signaling that the conversation was over.
“Good morning Kat.”
She looked up from her own book —a paper copy of Atwood’s The Testament she had found discarded in the bedroom—as Horatio joined them on the deck. 
“Good morning,” she replied.
“Would you have a few moments to join me in my office? I have some fresh coffee there.”
Kat realized that it wasn’t a request. She excused herself from Mike with a “See you later…?” and followed him back into the workspace and his private office. She sat down in the chair at the side of his desk. The view from the chair at the front would be totally blocked by the three 27inch iMacs Horatio studied all day. He poured two coffees from an Ikea press that had already been brewed. “Ten percent cream, right?” he asked as he handed her the handcrafted, ceramic mug of coffee with a pam tree painted into the surface. 
“Thanks,” she replied as she sipped the Montserrat plantation coffee. It was good coffee. That coffee shop idea may not be a bad one, she thought as she waited for Horatio to start the conversation. She watched him drop a sugar cube in his own mug and tried not to show her revulsion. To everyone else on the operation, he was a cheerful, supportive boss, always encouraging people to do their best and comforting them when their calls fell behind the quota he had established. She knew that it helped that he was attractive by any cultural measure. She figured early fifties, 180 centimetres and perhaps 80 kilos. She knew he worked out daily in the weight room/exercise space he had made in the villa basement and his sculptured shape showed it. To top it off he was pretty —not handsome, but pretty— with natural curly blond hair, a pronounced square jaw and aquiline nose. She assessed that his only slight visual flaw were eyes too close together. It didn’t seem to bother any of the other female consultants, but the more she looked at him the more exaggerated she assessed this flaw to the point where she started to giggle at what she saw as crossed eyes. But nothing he did or showed would change the underlying evil that Kat saw in his fake, pasted smile each time they talked.
As she sipped her coffee while he punched at his keyboard she stared at him and forced herself to remember why she was here —and the journey that brought her here. While the search for her mother had ended sadly at Horatio in St. Lucia, the search had started surprisingly easy. The only piece of information that she knew about her mother was that 18 years ago, her grandmother had been associated with the Science department at the University of Toronto. Even Chuck didn’t seem to know more than that, and if Graham knew more, she couldn’t ask. So when she landed in Toronto last fall she went straight to the university. She smiled as she remembered that day last September.
“Yes? Can I help you?” the purple haired woman asked without looking up from her desk in the reception area for the Department of Physics. “Registrations are downstairs in the general admissions office. Not here.”
“I’m not a student,” Kat offered. “I just wanted some information on a professor.”
“Don’t give out that information here,” she responded curtly without looking up. “Communications is in the old red building across the quad.” She slapped her keyboard. “Shit.”
Kat realized that she had been playing some sort of game on her computer. She decided to try the direct route. “Actually, I’m looking for my mother.”
The woman looked up and glared at Kat with deeply mascara-coated eyes that were surprisingly attractive on her round face. She didn’t try and hide her shock. “Shit. Where the fuck did you come from? A fucking ghost,” She exclaimed. “Where the fuck did you come from?” she asked again.
“Calgary,” was all Kat could think of saying in her own shock at the response of this strange, foul mouthed, game playing woman at the reception desk of a university department.
The woman stood up and Kat saw that a tent sized Caftan floated over a balloon shaped body. A collection of rainbow bracelets clanged on both wrists and half a dozen various sized necklaces hung down into a ravine sized cleavage. “Come on girl,” she quietly ordered. “I’m Rebecca,” she offered her hand in a limp handshake. “Let’s get out of here. There is a student pub in the building next door that is more suitable for a discussion.”
Kat wasn’t much a drinker, especially at 4 in the afternoon, but she followed the woman out the office door. 
Even though it was only registration time for the university, the student pub was almost full. It was clear by the way the slender, white shirted waiter took them to a quiet booth near the back of the noisy room that she was well known. He handed them two menus. “Thanks Donnie. Two 20 oz. Granville Stouts please.”
“You do drink beer don’t you?” she asked Kat as slid into the both bench. “Of course you do. You are your mother’s daughter.”
“Can you leave your desk?” Was all she could think of saying.
“Ha,” She laughed. “Close enough to closing time. And I retire in five days and the only place they could figure to put me where I wouldn’t do too much damage was that desk that no one ever pays attention to. Science professors can be surprisingly anal—and boring.”
“You knew my mother?” Kat finally asked.
“Better wait for the beer, my dear. You have waited 19 years so a few moments won’t hurt at this point. But yup. I was your Grandmother’s best friend. And you Mama’s God mother.”
“You did well yesterday, I see.” Horatio broke into her thoughts. “Two Granny’s on the hook?”
“Yes,” she sipped her coffee to recover her thoughts. “One in Regina and one in Edmonton. I thought I had one in North Bay, but there are apparently regular columns in the local paper about some government fraud office located in the town, so she asked too many questions and I hung up.”
“Good girl,” he grimaced. “Those guys are a curse on our business. Good thing dumb people don’t read the newspapers.” He looked at his computer. “I see that both ‘down payments’ are at Western Union offices already. I’ll send the pick-up details to Toronto.” He announced as he typed on his iMac.
Kat inwardly winced at the thought of two 80 year-old widows sending $5000 of their retirement money to a Western Union office in Toronto. She had made a note of who they were for when she could pay them back. “Great. More than paid for my rent yesterday I guess!”
“For sure, Katherine. I wish these old folks were comfortable with Bitcoin, but we’ll take their cash. What about your grandfather? Is it time to really set the hook? You think he is ready—and capable—for the next installment? What do you think? 20K?”
“Sure,” she glibly replied. “He is dumb and loaded. A perfect sucker. Get the ‘lawyer’ to call this morning? He is always up early and it will catch him before the banks open.”
“It’s 10 now—8AM Calgary time. I’ll call now.”
She knew the routine. After Horatio —as the lawyer —calls Chuck again, in a couple of hours there will be another call from Kat, the granddaughter. She had to think about how to do this.

Index



BLOG 54: The Grandpa scam…
10:00 AM Thursday Feb 6, 2020
The text message and the phone call came within 5 minutes of each other. There were different sounds for each of the iPhone functions on the two phones, so he knew without looking that the maximum volume, ‘quacking duck’ that woke him from a deep and shadowed sleep was a text on her phone. Kat thought it was the funniest of the iPhone sounds and announced it her ‘pet duck’ to anyone who was around when it rang. He rolled over, sat up in the queen size bed and could not instantly remember where he was. He picked up his Dollarama reading glasses from the bedside table. He had only started in the fall to need a small reading prescription and found the whole process annoying. He felt sorry for people who had to wear these thing all their life. He resisted the practice of hanging something from his neck on a chain, so when he realized he needed the things he went to Dollarama and bought 8 pairs of 2 power glasses and left them all over the house. The only one that Brenda objected to were the ones he put beside the toilet—along with the most recent copy of Golf Today. “That’s gross,” was all she announced as she tossed the $2 glasses in the garbage pail with the discarded Kleenex, dental floss and other equally contaminated bathroom things. At least he didn’t yet need glasses for golf, although his friends continually reminded him that he needed help of some sort with his putting. 
Downsview 8362971904 Susan Duntroon 5K grumpycat
The message helped him recall where he was and why he was here. It took him several moments to remember—and realize that this was a text message from the scam operator for his mule to pick up some money. The message gave the Western Union location, the MTCN (tracking number) the victim’s name, the amount and the last word could only be the password. He guessed that the victim was a cat lover and Kat had made it the password. And he realized that Whitey had not told the operation about the police. He checked the time on the phone and realized that in the curtain darkened room he had slept until 10:00 AM —8AM Calgary time. He quickly dressed and went to find Ratched. 
After being chased from their hotel room, Ratched had led him to a brownstone on a side street somewhere near the university of Toronto. He wasn’t quite sure where it was since he just followed her directions until they were parked in front of the four story, red-bricked unit. “It belongs to friend,” she had offered as she took a key from under a flowerpot at the front door. “She is away travelling right now, so she won’t mind if we stay here for a while.” 
“That’s secure,” he had scolded, wondering to himself why they hadn’t come here last night instead of a non-descript hotel somewhere. “Your friend needs to find a better place for a key. People only hide keys under flowerpots in the movies. Only worse place would be on the upper door sill.”
She put the key on top of the doorsill. “Good idea. Hiding in plain sight.”
They were both too tired, slightly hung over and adrenaline lagged to talk. She had directed him to a spare bedroom suite on the main floor. He was asleep the moment his clothes were off, and he cocooned in the soft sheets. Now, without dressing, he padded quickly in his bare feet, boxer shorts and T-shirt into the kitchen area. Reid was already up and pouring boiling water into a French press. She had clearly showered. Her short black curls were still water glistening. Her face looked different somehow although he couldn’t pinpoint why. Some different kind —or application—of make-up he supposed, but he found it surprisingly attractive. During the whole time in Calgary he had never seen her out of kaftan type clothing but now she wore the body-sculpting jeans she wore on the plane. Not Costco brand he assumed. On her top she had a crisp white shirt with the sleeves fashionably rolled up 10 centimetres or so. A pear shaped, black coral, amulet hung from a silver chain and rested inside the open top buttons of the blouse. 
He shook off his focus on her appearance. “You’ve got to see this,” he announced as he walked over beside her. Her smell distracted him again. His sense of smell was bad at the best of times, but she had what he thought might be a gentle aura of Lavender.
“Good morning to you as well, Chuck.” 
“Yeah. Sorry. Good morning,” he apologized. “But you have to see this.”
As he handed her the iPhone pro to look at the message, a revving motorcycle sound announced a phone call on his own iPhone. It was his attempt to do Kat one better. The caller name was blocked, but he recognized the number as a Montreal area code. He hit the answer button at the same time he put the phone on speaker.
He put on his hesitant voice, “Hello?”
“Yes. Is this Mr. Charles Profiterole?”
“Oh yes. It is me,” Chuck tried his hardest to sound old and slowly thinking. Maybe he didn’t have to act, he thought for a moment. “Who is this?”
The voice at the other end was both solicitous and calm. “It is Alexandru Petrescu Mr. Profiterole? The lawyer with Petrescu, Donahue and Boucher? I talked to you last Sunday about your Granddaughter?”
“Yes. Yes!” Chuck suddenly sounded both panicked and concerned. “Is she alright?”
“I just talked to our lawyer contact in Bangkok and he is quite worried. The conditions in the woman’s prison there are apparently deplorable. Without money to buy food, medicine and protection, it is apparently very dangerous there.”
“I already sent you some money,” Chuck announced defensively. “Where did that go?”
“That was sent directly to the Thai lawyer Mr. Profiterole. Our firm isn’t even charging any fee for this service. We just want to get your loved one to safety. They are doing their best to figure out how to get her out of that horrid jail. Do you remember the charge?”
Chuck paused to suggest that he was trying to recollect something. “Was it drugs?”
“Yes Sir. I’m sure they weren’t hers. The Thai lawyer says she was simply in the wrong place at the wrong time when police raided an apartment she was visiting.”
Chuck became more enthusiastic. “Oh yes. She is a good girl and would never use drugs or anything like that.”
“And that is why the Thai lawyers think that they can talk the authorities into letting her go. And then we can get her home,” he enthusiastically announced. “But we need to send them a little more money Charles. You said you might be able to access some more this week. Any luck? Your granddaughter is desperate.”
“Ha. I did get the money! Forty thousand!” Chuck chuckled. “I told the bank manager I was going to the Casino. Apparently that is an acceptable reason for an old person to extract cash from their account.”
“Wonderful Mr. Profiterole! We only need 20 thousand at this time. Keep the rest ready in case we need it. Can you send it like you did last time? Please hurry. Your granddaughter needs you Sir.”
Chuck was silent.
The lawyer sounded worried. “Are you still there Sir?” 
“Yeah,” Chuck replied in a cautious tone. “But how do I know she is still OK? Can my previous money buy a phone call with her? I think I should hear from her before I send more money.”
“That is very prudent of you sir. I can tell that you are a smart businessman. It is after 11 PM in Bangkok so I don’t know what I can do at that hour, but leave it with me. In the meantime can you arrange the Western Union transfer? You can wait to give me the details until after we hear from Bangkok?”
“OK. I’ll do that.” Chuck sternly replied. “Yes. I’ll wait to give you the details until I hear from Katherine.”
“I look forward to helping your Granddaughter Mr. Profiterole.” The lawyer ended the call.
Chuck closed the phone app and went back to the text app on Kat’s phone. “These guys are good,” he announced. “The fact that he only wanted half the money sent me the message that he was honest—not greedy. And the good businessman compliment was brilliant. But they got the Bangkok time wrong.”
“Do you have the money?”
“Sure. And I’ll send it after I hear from Kat.”
“Think you will? Hear from her that is?”
“Of course. It is part of the scam. They know I will want to talk to her. And there is no way she is in Thailand. She will call.” He paused. “But not for a couple of hours, or maybe not until tomorrow. It will have to look like they went to great effort and cost to get her on the phone.” He handed her Kat’s phone with the message displayed. “In the meantime, we need to go and pickup this money before the sender realizes the mule doesn’t have the phone. Shamier and Whitey apparently haven’t yet told their bosses about last night. They are probably hoping to recover the phone on their own. And I’ll see if I can find out where the call came from. I’m sure it is a VOIP number, but maybe I can find out who bought the number.”
“Can you do that?” she pushed the press on the coffee maker. “Can’t they do the ‘find your phone’ thing and find that you have left Calgary? Be on to you chasing them?”
“Two questions there. IT guy remember? First, my phone. This one is a new one with a new number. My old phone that they are calling is plugged in on my desk. I simply have it set for all calls, text etc. to be transferred to this new phone. Easy peasy as Kat says. Second question? You have no idea the easy things even an amateur can do to access supposedly private data. They just need a computer, some illegal software and the internet for 10 minutes.”
“You’re not as stupid as I thought.” She jabbed him in the ribs “What about the text?”
“I guess we go pick up some travel money before Shamier and his friend tell them they have been hijacked? At the very least we might piss someone off? Get them to show themselves? Lead us to Kat?” he suggested. “But I should see what I can find about the about the phone number first.”
“There is a computer in the office there.” She nodded to a closed door off the living room. “Pass word is Bernoulli. Capital B.” She reached into a cupboard and brought down two thermal travel cups. “Pour us some coffee for our trip. Black for me. And I drive from now on. Now, while you do your techy thing, give me a moment while I do some girl things,” she ordered. “And I have another idea how we might find out where Kat went”. She wrinkled her nose in disgust and gave his t shirt and underwear clad body a scan. “And you might put on some clothes Chuck?” She dryly offered.
He had no idea what girl things meant, and she didn’t elaborate on her idea of where to go next, but as she left, he poured the coffee and wandered across the main floor of the unit and into the office. He guessed immediately that the owner of the unit obviously did more at home than Amazon surf and Facebook. A 180 Centimetre oak desk centred the room and faced a wall sized bay window overlooking the back garden. Even in the grey light of a snow covered February morning, he could see that the garden was both lush and symmetrically planted. He thought he would like to see the garden in July when everything was in bloom. Behind the desk the wall was a solid bookshelf. He didn’t have the time for a full inspection, but as he glanced at the wall before he sat down, he could see that the books were mostly Physics topics. A boxed set of Richard Feynman’s Lectures caught his eye. Several Stephen Hawking’s books were there, as well as some other names he didn’t recognize, like several books by a Leonard Susskind. But he didn’t know much about physics so he wouldn’t know the names. There was also a shelf of novels that, by the names and images on the covers —palm trees, beaches, bananas and so on—he assumed were Caribbean focussed. There were authors like Collins, Bissoondath, Naipaul, Patterson, and Lovelace. The only ones he recognized were the Canadian author Austin Clarke’s The Polished Hope and Herman Wouk’s Don’t Stop the Carnival, both books that Kat had given him to read after she had finished an English project in Grade 11. He wouldn’t mind meeting this person, he pondered as he sat down at her computer. It was a new iMac Pro. He entered the password —he figured Ratched must know the woman well if she gave her password—and the machine came to life with a background visual of a palm fringed beach. He quickly checked the About This Computer icon to see if it had the power to do what he wanted to do. “Holy shit,” he exclaimed to himself as he reviewed the numbers and saw that it was a top of the line iMac with every upgrade to speed and memory. “This thing could run NASA,” he mused as he fired up Chrome and in with few keystrokes had downloaded the illegal, hacking software he knew existed. He had helped his own, and several other companies, block employee access to the software. Now he would use it himself. Within minutes and a few layers of passwords and searching, he had found the publicly listed company that had sold the batch of 100 numbers that included the number in Montreal. Apparently they were sold to a company that operates a coffee plantation in Montserrat. A further search of the coffee company showed the sole owner of the coffee company was a numbered Panama company. Chuck figured this was usual, since he knew from his work life that crooks would usually bank in places like Panama if they wanted to hide assets in a numbered company—or do anything illegal. The owner was either very honest or very arrogant, but lax Panama banking laws also made it easy for him to find out who is behind the numbered company: Mr. Horatio Dumont. The company synopsis gave his Montreal address and listed a board of directors. He guessed that the owner and the address were real and verifiable. It was too risky to fake that. And he assumed that if he looked into it he would find that the 8 members of the Board were all real people who would not have a clue that they were on the Board of a numbered company. A junior oil company owner had tried that scam once on Chuck’s company until someone in his office recognized their 90 year-old neighbour on the list. 
“You ready Chuck?” Reid yelled from the kitchen.
He quickly printed the company prospectus and reached over to the printer as he got up from the desk. “Yeah. Got it all,” he yelled and started to leave the office. He stopped as he saw the carefully arranged, framed documents on the wall beside the door—three diplomas, a couple of awards. He hadn’t seen them before when he entered the room, but he took a moment to scan them on his way out. He read the details on the Ph.D. in Physics diploma and the award from the Canadian Society for the Study of Physics for the best reviewed article published in 2011. “Fuck,” he whispered, as he read the details and slapped himself on the side of his head. “What a fucking idiot.” Then louder he exclaimed, “Let’s get going.”

Index



BLOG 55: Information is King… 
10:15 AM Thursday, Feb 6th, 2020
Horatio clicked his mouse and hung up the call to Chuck. “Looks good for Grandpa, Kat,” he laughed. “You can go back to your day off now. Access to the fibre optic Internet will be down all day so you’ll have to use the satellite for the VOIP call to him later. Slow, but useable. Is he really this dumb?”
“He didn’t use to be, “Kat offered. “In fact, in the day, he was a big VP at a big oil company in Calgary. But something happened over the past couple of years and he forgets things and sometimes imagines things.”
“Were you close?”
She thought for a moment. Not the time for lies. She figured Horatio would see right through her. “Yeah. My Dad was a single father so I spent a lot of time with my grandparents. He taught me lots of neat things—music, books and such. Especially after he retired,” she added.
“But you think it is Ok to take some of his money?”
“He has lots,” she snapped “He won’t miss what we are going for. Besides, it’s complicated.”
“What do you mean?”
“You really want to know?”
“Sure. Anything that can help us learn more about a mark is helpful.”
“Well, first of all he isn’t the man I knew as I grew up. It’s like retirement allowed a new person to pop up.” That was not a lie. This was certainly true with Chuck. It just wasn’t a bad thing. They had become even closer since he retired. “But most of all, I believe my uncle and my Grandmother are conspiring in some way to get all of his money, so I figure I might as well get a little piece before it is all gone.” Also true. She wasn’t sure about Brenda but she knew that Donald and Laverne were vultures. “In addition, he and I had a big fight last summer.” Also true. She had told him that the music of the 60s was vacuous and self-indulgent. He trashed modern rap. “How much do you think he is good for?”
She stared through the plexiglass wall at the huge window in the operation room. Truth again. “He once explained as part of a lecture on saving for my old age the different kind of pension plans in Canada. I assure you this is a priority topic for a 16 year old. Not. He told me his savings are in his investment accounts and provide his share of their retirement income. Grandma worked for the government and has a different kind of pension. He said a good investment fund would guarantee 4 to 6% return over many years, so if I make a guess at what he spends each month I would say he has an investment account of something in the 5 million range.” All true. Except during the lecture he had told her the precise amount in his investment accounts —both the one that everyone knows about, and the secret one he has with an advisor in Toronto. 
She could see the wheels of greed turn in Horatio’s brain. “Smart girl,” he offered. “I’ll make you deal. I’ll give you 10% of whatever we get from him?” 
“Great,” she appeared enthusiastic.
“I like to motivate my consultants.” He checked his Rolex. “Go relax. You can call him back in a couple of hours.”
“Sure.” She paused. “Can I ask you a question?”
Horatio leaned back on his chair and put his hands behind his head. “Shoot.”
“Won’t he see on his phone that the calls come from the same place? The same phone? I am supposed to be in Thailand?”
“Ahh,” he leaned further back in his chair, ready to explain how smart he was. “ The magic of VOIP. We have numbers from all over the world. I can pick one from the Vatican if I want. When you call, his phone will show an unnamed caller from Thailand. When I call it will show Montreal.”
“So there is no way he can find out where the call actually came from?”
“Good question girl. There are ways, but not any that a senile old man would know or be able to do without the latest technology — and some special software. Do you know anything about Internet or cell technology?”
“A little,” she responded. “Mostly what I learn from cop shows on Netflix.”
“Ha,” he chuckled. “Sometimes I think the script writers know more than the cops. Especially the British ones. Those cops are all hi tech. At any rate, if someone really wanted to find us it wouldn’t be hard. Take cell phones for example. Cell signals travel from tower to tower around the world so fast that users don’t sense it. But all anyone has to do is find the originating tower and you have the approximate location of the phone. That’s why none of us use cell phones here for anything other than local calls. Any hobby techy with the right software that is easily found on the Internet can find the origin of a cell call. It’s also why we do all our calls from the computer. And I use the software to ensure that ‘marks’ are where they say they are. When we called your grandfather a moment ago, I checked to ensure that old Gramps was still in Calgary.”
Kat tried to hide her concern. “Was he?” 
“Yup,” he answered. “The call pinged from a tower in southwest Calgary. All good. Have to be careful you know. In Costa Rica we once had a woman from a lottery scam try and find us. Very messy.”
“How did she find you?”
“Stupid. One of our techs forgot one day to put on the VPN and for one whole day anyone could see the IP addresses of our computers. We got away with it since she was the only one to find us, but I always wondered if that is how the FBI fraud squad found us.”
“VPN?”
“It’s not complicated. Every computer has a unique identity—a signature so to speak—called an IP address. As soon as you use the Internet the whole world can see your computer address and with that, learn your other personal details. That is why if you do a Google search for a new car, you will soon have pop up adds for every car dealer in the city. But you do can two things to hide. First, always use a VPN—a virtual proxy network—that essentially hides your computer address through theirs, so no one can find you. Dirty old women searching porn sites use VPNs, as do illegal movie downloaders. We use it so no one can use our VOIP—Internet computer calls—to find out where we are.” He sipped his coffee.
“Cool—smart,” she complimented him. “What is the second way?”
“Oh. Easy. In case someone does crack through the VPN and get your IP address, simply make sure your computer is not registered where you are. All of our computers are owned by the Montserrat Coffee Company. Legitimate. And nowhere near us.”
“Can’t the cops figure this all out?”
“Oh sure. If they really wanted to. Our operation isn’t too hard to crack. And if we truly piss someone important off then some cop somewhere might make the supreme effort to find us. But as long as we stay under the radar with small level scams, we are more of a nuisance to law enforcement than a focus. In Costa Rica one of our consultants scammed the mother of an FBI director. Dumb. In Canada there is an anti-fraud squad operation located in a little hick town north of Toronto. But other than gathering data, and doing TV interviews about how evil we are, they are pretty much harmless.”
“Thanks,” she offered as she got up from her chair. “A little complicated for me, but interesting. Glad you have it all figured out Horatio. I’ll check back with you a couple of hours or so? Make the next call?”
“Right,” he went back to his screen. “Enjoy your morning.
Mike was still stretched out in a lounge chair when she returned to the front deck and plopped down into the chair beside him. “Want another coffee? I’m going to go to the kitchen.”
“Had enough coffee, Kat,” he suggested. “It must be 4 o’clock somewhere in the world. Four thirty in Newfoundland?” He laughed at his own joke. “ I’m on happy hour.” He took a sip from the thermal, travel mug that had been resting on the slate floor beside him. “Want some? A Margarita.”
She grimaced. “Ugh. I hate that drink. Rather have straight Tequila.”
“I could do that as well if you wanted,” he quietly slurred.
“Nah. I have to make a call in a couple of hours so I need to stay sharp. A big ask.”
“Good. Stay sharp,” he admonished as he took a drink. “Horatio still in there working? On the day off?”
“Yes. We made a call and then he was explaining to me about how he ensures the security of our operation.”
“All bullshit,” he announced.
Kat sat up in her lounger, suddenly interested in Mike’s opinion. “What do you mean?”
“Look Kat. First locally,” he explained. “Do you really think that the story we are a call centre for Black and Decker tools is sustainable?” He had trouble articulating sustainable. “The officials of this lovely island all love the idea of call centres as part of their economic development plan. A clean, modern, job creating business and jobs. But they are essentially honest people—quite religious actually—and will only turn their back to what they know is going on here for so long.”
“The cops know what we do here?”
“The big cops for sure,” he explained. “I know where and who he pays here to make sure they look the other way. And besides, too many politicians hang their future on ‘modernizing’ the economy.”
“ You mean, like diversifying the economy away from tourism and bananas?”
Mike looked up at her as he took another sip. “Sure you don’t want one?” He held up the cup. “I always like talking to you Kat. You actually care to listen. Not like most of the other turds around here who only care about stinging some faceless yokel to get rich. Greed will kill our civilization.”
“Sure Mike,” she acquiesced. “Straight Tequila with some salt and a squeeze if you have it?”
He brightened. “For sure.” He pushed himself up from the lounger and Kat grabbed his arm to keep him steady. “Back in my room?” he hesitantly offered. “Frank and Richard are off Island this weekend, back in Canada fixing some money pick-up problem in Canada, they told me.”
“Sure Mike,” she laughed as she took his arm. She needed to keep him talking. She was curious about the money problem. She knew that neither Richard nor Frank had any identifiable role in the operation other than driving people around and recruiting new consultants. The only identifiable skill either of them appeared to have was weightlifting. Maybe there was a problem with the operation she could use? But she was more interested in learning more about the ‘bullshit’ opinion.
Mike’s room was a larger model of hers. The extra space was an extended bay window that gave a view of the greenery of the Island interior and a sitting area with two lounge chairs. The chairs faced each other on the other side of a coffee type table covered with a chess set poised in middle game. She and Mike had chatted on the deck on several Sundays and, while they were becoming acquainted, she had never been to his room. “You play?” Mike inquired as he fixed her a drink from the makeshift bar the men had set up in the bathroom.
“What?” 
“I saw you looking at the chess set,” he offered as he came back into the main room with her drink in travel thermal coffee mug the same as his own. 
“A little,” she announced. “You never told me you played chess. My Grandfather taught me.” She glanced at the partially finished game. “Whoever uses the Yugoslav attack today?”
“Ha,” he laughed. “ You are indeed interesting. I just assumed you didn’t play. It’s the only one Richard knows. He never wins but he isn’t creative enough to try something new. What do you use?”
“Let’s play and you will see?”
“I’m a bit drunk,” he whined. “You would be taking unfair advantage of me.”
“That’s like being a bit pregnant. Somehow I doubt that advantage thing,” she laughed. “You can have white.”
They restarted the game. She almost laughed out loud as she recognized his opening as what Chuck called the Petrov’s Defense opening. “Chicken shit opening” he used to call it as he showed her how easily it was to smash it in a dozen moves. Kat realized she could easily beat him but she had to figure out whether he was the type who would respect her for her brain or resent her for her skill. She had decided weeks ago that Mike was the former and, through three more drinks and three straight games, she taught him openings he had never heard of.
“Wait until I try this one on Richard,” he slurred after she nailed his King in six moves.
“I have to work. Shouldn’t have had the tequila,” she announced with a fake frown.
Mike took the opening. “If your grandfather taught you all of this why do you hate him so much?”
“Long story,” she quietly announced.
“Yeah. Sorry,” he whimpered. “Everyone here has a long story. Or they couldn’t sleep at night.” He took her Knight. “Your move.”
She traded Knights and set up her next checkmate in four moves. “I didn’t realize that our operation was so vulnerable. Should I be worried?”
He studied the board. “Not from the locals. I don’t think, anyhow. Wherever it happened before they just quietly told everyone to get lost. Close us down before the local press knows about it.”
Kat tried not to hold her surprise. “You’ve been through that before?”
“No, but I have done some research.” He moved his Queen into a defensive position. “I gather the worst was Costa Rica.”
“How was that?” With a Queen trade she could keep the game going for a while longer?
“We are only in shit if the Feds get involved. I mean they know all about us. Horatio spouts all that bullshit about VPNs and VOIP numbers and such, but anyone with basic tech smarts, a good machine, and some software easily picked up on the dark web can watch everything we do.” He castled. “You think that there is not some fed in the U.S. or Canada who goes to the office every day and sips her Starbucks while watching every transaction-call we make?”
“Even know where we are?” She moved her Bishop into an innocuous position.
“That’s the easiest.” He moved his own Bishop to threaten hers.
“Why don’t they come and arrest us? Stop the operation?”
“Generally, they don’t have the resources to make the effort to coordinate with another country. But they eventually do.” He studied the board. She was apparently sacrificing her Bishop. “Whatever do you have in mind?” He paused and moved his King one position west.
“Then what?” She shifted a rook. Checkmate.
“Shit,” he exhaled. “How did you fucking do that? Another drink?”
“Lucky, Mike,” she laughed. “Just lucky. No. I have to go make a call.”
He tried to get up from the chair. “I’m little dizzy here Kat. Can you help me up?”
She walked around to the side of his chair and helped him to his feet. “I guess I’m a little pissed. You took advantage of me,” he laughed. “I need to lie down.”
She helped him to his bed and listened to his instant snoring. With three tequilas before noon she was also feeling a little tired. Over the past month she decided that she liked Mike. He was not much older than her, smart —despite his loses at chess. He was attractive —at least to her—and didn’t care if a woman beat him at a game. He also showed a crack of conscience at what they did. She wanted to know how he ended up here and why he stayed, but she figured she had extracted enough information for this meeting. She would try and find out more the next Sunday. For now she was comforted by the notion that someone with Chuck’s skills could find her.
“Katherine,” Dumont yelled from the hallway outside Mike’s door. “Time for the call to the old man.”

Index



BLOG 56: Family is everything…
11 AM, Thursday, Feb 6, 2020
They were both silent on the 30 minute drive through a Toronto, Thursday lunchtime rush hour. The dull greyness of a February morning settled over them as Ratched pulled into the frozen slush crusted mini mall parking lot. The Western Union office was flanked by a coffee shop—Hoodoo Coffee, a blinking green fluorescent sign screamed from its window— and what looked like a second hand clothing store specializing in maternity clothes. She backed the Impala into a spot farthest away but facing the entrance to the Western Union and kept the engine running to keep the window from fogging and the vehicle warm. 
Reid broke the silence. “You or me?” 
“Neither,” he answered. “Check out the car over by the east exit to the parking lot.”
She shifted in her seat and scraped the mist from her side widow with her sleeve. “What about it?”
“Impala—sister car to ours? Running? Parked where it can watch the strip mall?”
“So?” she offered. “Waiting for someone shopping? Someone getting them a coffee? Having a smoke on their lunch hour?”
He scrapped his own window. “Or waiting for us to go to the Western Union store? “ He paused. “When were you going to tell me?”
“You mean this is a set up? I meant to, but it just got out of control.” She tried to sound contrite.
“For sure. They are on to us and sent the text to Kat’s phone to see who would show up. Out of control? No kidding. My life is now totally fucked up thanks to your little charade. The only way to know is for one of us to try and get the money and see what happens.”
She undid her seatbelt. “There are things you don’t know. You or me?” She looked at him and started to open the door. “Me, I guess. You can watch my back. I’m sorry Chuck.” She grabbed Kat’s cell phone from the dash of the car. “ Watch me to see what happens.”
Chuck watched as she pulled her thigh level puffer coat around her shoulders and carefully walked through the frozen slush to the entrance to the Union store. If there had been communication between the drug dealer and Kat’s kidnappers then the text was an attempt to smoke them out. The text was only about the money and not drugs, so Chuck suspected there were two separate operations at play—the drug operation and the scam operation. Perhaps the drug side was simply on contract to the scam? Doing the money pickups? He knew that scams used mules to pick up money so maybe the drug operation and the scam operation shared the mules? He watched without incident as Reid —Braithwaite he now realized— entered the Western Union office. It was good that she had gone. He had constantly boiled on the drive and was ready to explode with more questions than he could sort out. But now wasn’t the time. The car window had completely fogged so he reached down and turned the window fan on high just in time to see the driver talking on his cell phone and then the two men get out of the other Impala. The men were in their twenties. One was short—Ratched’s height —and the other much taller and muscular. He could clearly see their size and shape since they didn’t have winter coats on. Both were dressed in jeans and golf shirts. The shorter one wore a green V-neck sweater, but the muscular man had no coat or sweater as they walked through the slush towards the strip mall. Both men were white, but deeply tanned. Florida mafia? Someone in the Western Union must have called and notified the pick-up was happening. He noticed that neither had used a key fob to lock the car that they had left running, so he made a decision to leave Ratched to her own while he checked out their car. He put on the Panama hat, grabbed his cane and took a circuitous route along the sidewalk to the other Impala. He glanced at the Union office as the two tanned men went in and quickly opened the passenger door and got in. The inside smelled. Despite the “This is a no smoking car” label stuck to the dash, one of men must smoke. Two Starbuck paper cups rested in the cupholders. A Hertz rental folder and an Air Canada ticket folder sat on the armrest between the seats. He opened the folder and found two return tickets to St. Lucia W.I. He opened the Hertz folder. The name of the driver meant nothing to him— Richard Simpson. The Montserrat Coffee company had booked the car. He put the documents back in their place and left the car, walking again along the sidewalk bordering the parking lot before getting into his car. He cleared the fog from the window again in time to see Ratched leave the store and start the walk back to the car, immediately followed by the two men. The shorter man grabbed her shoulders from behind and spun her around while the taller man watched, hugging his shoulders to stay warm. He couldn’t hear what they were saying but he watched Ratched laugh in his face. Suddenly the larger man twisted her hand behind her back and started marching her to the other car. He realized that with the fogged window they couldn’t see him in his car. He crouched as he got out of the car again on the driver’s side away from their vision and went back to the sidewalk that circled the parking lot. 
Chuck hunched over is cane. “Ho! Gentlemen,” he yelled to the two men as they tried to shuttle toward the back door of the car. “Could one of you help me to the coffee shop there?” He pointed the cane to the small shop located beside the Union office. “This frozen slush is tough on an old fellow,” he laughed as he slowly shuffled off the sidewalk and to their side of the car.
“Bugger off old man,” the shorter one yelled at him. “We’re busy—and cold.” He turned to the taller man. “Get her in the back and let’s get out of her. Horatio wants to talk to her.”
Chuck learned two things by the conversation. First, they did not have their description. Neither showed any surprise or recognition of a cane wielding old man in a white Panama hat. They must have been waiting in their car for someone in the Western Union office to call them and tell them Ratched had come to pick up the money. Second, Horatio was the name as the owner of the Montserrat Coffee Company and he was behind the scam. “Sorry to be a nuisance,” he apologized and walked close to the larger man as he shuffled towards the coffee shop. “But I have to insist,” he announced as he jammed the tip of the cane into the shorter man’s solar plexus. The man dropped his hold on Ratched and collapsed on the ground gasping for breath. Before the surprised larger man could react, Ratched jammed her heel onto the top of his foot. When he doubled over to grab his foot, Chuck held his cane like golf club and whipped the tip into the man’s chin. He landed on top of his gasping friend. “Don’t fuck with the Mounties,” Ratched yelled as she and Chuck carefully scrambled back over the ice and to their car. Ratched spun the car from the lot, both frantically trying to clear the fog from the front window. 
They drove silently until the window was clear and they were back on the 401. “Where did you learn that trick with the cane?” 
“I told you,” he reminded her. “But maybe that was Delores Reid I told that to, and not Delores Braithwaite? I took cane defense lessons when I was in England. It was actually a well-established martial art in 19th century Britain. Google it —how to defend yourself from the lower classes without disturbing your cravat.”
The laughter partially broke the tension. “Right,” she responded quietly. “But that looked more like a chip shot than a walking cane strategy. Yes. You deserve and explanation.”
“Is it a long one?”
She paused and focused on a lane change in the speeding traffic on the multiple lane highway. “Yes. And complicated.”
“Well then,” he proposed. “Let’s just leave the conversation for now. Go back to your place and pack a bag while I do a little more work on the computer. Then to the airport. We can chat on the plane. Ever been to St. Lucia?”
She didn’t answer as she looked at him with a questioning look. “You learned something?”
“Yup.”
“OK. But let’s get some brunch first. I’m hungry. And make other one stop on the way,” she announced as she took the Avenue Road exit towards the centre of the city.

Index 



BLOG 57: Poor demented Granps…
1 PM, Thursday, Feb 6, 2020
The call to his cell phone came as they pulled into a parking lot in front of the Physics building at the University of Toronto.
Chuck held up the phone for Ratched to see the displayed number. It was a foreign code and Chuck guessed if he looked it would be a Thai country code. He answered and tapped ‘speaker’. “Hello?”
“Grandfather?” The voice was weak and the sounded echoed. The phone was on some sort of speaker as well. Chuck realized that the person at the other end would know if his phone was on speaker and he put it back to ‘phone’. “Is that you?” she coughed. “It is Katherine.”
“Katherine, my dear,” he whined. “Where are you Dear? How are you?”
“Oh Grandfather,” she sounded desperate. “I’m in trouble. But I didn’t do anything wrong.”
He sounded as comforting and reassuring as he could. “I know that you would never do what they say. You are such a good girl.”
“They say they can help if you send some money Grandfather.”
“I’ll save you Katherine,” he announced defiantly. “But the phone connection is bad. Your voice sounds different so I just need to confirm this is you? OK?”
“OK. I haven’t ate or slept in three days. I feel awful,” she cried.
“Can you manage a couple of questions?”
“Sure,” she responded weakly.
“What is your favorite movie?”
“Ha,” she cheered up. “That’s easy. Zulu. The original one with Michael Caine.”
“What is your favorite musician?” 
“Bieber!” she exclaimed.
“What is the worst movie ever made?”
“Unforgiven,” she answered immediately. “I hate Clint Eastwood.
“One more question. Which musician do you most dislike.”
“Prine. Disgusting lyrics. ‘There’s a Needle in Daddy’s Arm’ is so lame. 
Chuck pretended to cry. “Oh, I miss you Katherine. When I get you home we will listen to Bieber all day! Maybe send you to a concert.”
“I love you Grandfather,” she yelled as the phone went dead. “Help me.”
Chuck put the phone on the dash. “That’s her for sure, but I’m not to believe anything she tells me.”
Reid reached over and put her hand on his arm. “How do you know that Chuck? She sounded desperate.”
“We debate movies and music all the time. Zulu is my favorite movie of all time and she loves Clint Eastwood. We agree that Bieber sucks and both us can sing most of John Prine’s songs. She thinks he is the poet laureate of the 20th century. She is telling me to not believe anything they tell me. This just reinforces what she did on the last call with our secret password.”
“Yeah,” Ratched offered. “I read about that in one of your last blogs. So what do we do?”
“Go find her,” he announced. “When we get back to your apartment—it is your place right?— I’ll see if I can track that VOIP number. But my guess it will be one of the ones that the Montserrat Coffee Company bought. And how many Horatio’s can there be? One owns the coffee company? And a different one is the boss of the two tanned thugs at Western Union? Don’t think so. If we find him then I’m guessing we find Kat.”
“Makes sense Chuck,” she agreed. “But come with me into that building and I’ll see if I can add another piece to the puzzle.”
“Why here?”
“From what I learned from your blogs, the only thing that Kat ever knew about her mother was that her Grandmother was a visiting science professor from the University of Toronto. Seems to me that would be the place she would start her search for her mother. Let’s find out. Leave the hat and cane Chuck. You won’t need any Cane Fu in there.”
“You still have a lot of explaining to do.”
“So do you,” she shot back as she got out of the car and started to walk through the slush to the front of the building.
As they entered the office area of the Physics department, the receptionist glanced up from her computer. “Braphy,” she shrieked. “Where the fuck have you been?” The obese, purple haired woman pushed herself up from the chair with some difficulty, waddled around the front of the counter and hugged Ratched.
“Enjoying my retirement girl,” Reid laughed.
“Gawd,” I have missed you. “They are pasturing me too you know? This is my last week.”
“We will get together and celebrate,” Ratched offered. “But now I have a question.”
“I know. She was here.”
“Katherine was here?” Chuck intervened. “I’m her Grandfather?”
Rebecca looked Chuck up and down. “Not bad for an old dude, Braphy. Yeah she was here.” She paused and looked at Reid. “How much does he know?”
“Nothing yet.” 
“What don’t I know?”
“Shut up Chuck,” Ratched ordered. “What did you tell her?”
“Everything,” she said. “She was looking for her mother. She is an adult now and she needed to know. Gawd, she looks like her. Even talks like her.”
“Fair enough Rebecca,” she responded. “But where did she go?”
Rebecca held Ratched’s head between her hands. I don’t know. After I told her about her mother’s death she was very quiet. She asked for some details about how it happened and where it happened. Then we both had a hug and big cry—the other people in the pub were sure curious about two women hugging and crying over their beer. Then she thanked me and left.
“Thanks for that, Rebecca. I can’t stay now my friend,” Ratched announced. “But I will come back and we will celebrate your retirement and life.”
“Promise?”
“Promise.” They exchanged hugs again. 
Back in the car they sat silently with the car running clearing the fog from the front window. 
“Once again, there are clearly things I don’t know. So, for now I’ll only ask you one question. Did all of that help us learn where Kat might be?”
“I’m afraid so,” she explained. “Your —our—Kat is a smart young woman. From her messages to you on the phone we know that she wants your help. To do that we need to find her. She would assume that you are at least as smart as her and would start your search with the absentee science professor and would eventually talk to Rebecca, and she would tell you what she told Kat. And what she told Kat would tell you where Kat was now.” 
“And she would also know that I am enough of a techy to use the phone and the calls to at least find where the calls come from?”
“Right,” Ratched agreed. “And both of those will direct us to the same place.” She paused. “And the place where her mother died.”
“St Lucia?” Chuck took her hand. “Your daughter died? In St. Lucia?”
Ratched pushed away emerging tears with the back of her hand. “It is complicated Chuck. I have much to explain and much of it is painful. But right now maybe we should figure out why Kat would go there if she already knew that her mother had passed away?”
His phone pinged for text message.
“You can tell me all when you are ready,” he comforted. “But now I have to send 15 thousand to a Montreal Western Union.”

Index



BLOG 58: Gotcha…
1:40 PM, Thursday, Feb 6th, 2020
“It looks like the old man bought your story Katherine,” Horatio gleefully announced as he showed her the text message from Chuck.
Westmount 9367289153 unforgiven
“Clever. The password is your worst movie. Good work girl. We’ll give it a few days and then do the same thing all over again.” He showed her his phone again with a google map with a beeping circle over Chuck and Brenda’s address in Calgary. “And it looks like he is being a good boy and sticking close to home.”
“What is Westmount? She asked.
“Montreal Westmount Western Union,” he offered. “We had some trouble at the Toronto location so I told him to send it to Montreal this time.”
She wondered if Chuck was the trouble. 
“So go back to work Katherine,” he ordered. “You and I can get rich together.”
“Right on,” she enthusiastically offered. “Chat later.”
As Katherine left his plexiglass petitioned work area, his iPhone played the radar sound indicating a text message. He had been expecting an update on Frank’s and Richards’s trapping of the fake cops that had interrupted the Western Union pick up. His contact with the Toronto police had already told him that the two strange people were not police, and they suspected that they were organized crime enforcers of some sort. Horatio’s investors in Montreal had told him they weren’t aware of anyone sent from Montreal, but were quite concerned that some other crime groups might be trying to squeeze into their scam play and suggested that he send Richard and Frank to try and intercept the couple at the next Western Union pick up. He had sent the pick-up details to the stolen Katherine’s phone so the trap had been set and he had to assume that Frank and Richard could handle a reportedly old couple. 
“Shit,” he yelled to the empty office space as he read the text describing the interaction with Chuck and Ratched. “What a couple of fuck ups.”
He texted back his order to return back to St. Lucia immediately. He would get some help from Montreal to deal with these two senior citizens.

Mike was still asleep—passed out—when she got back to her room. It was now approaching noon and with the Caribbean humidity without air conditioning, the suites warmed up uncomfortably. In her absence, Mike had stripped down to his underwear and lay on top of the cotton sheets, a bubbling, sheen of perspiration clotting the hair on his chest. Kat felt herself becoming uncomfortably aroused. There was no lack of opportunity for relationships at the villa. Every straight male in the business had quickly made it clear that he was available, and Gina and Miranda traded the men like she and Mike traded chess pieces. But since she started the job two months ago, she had kept a strict social distance. She was here for a purpose other than making relationships. However, although her relationship history had mostly been with boys rather than men, she had missed the closeness of a personal relationship. She didn’t have Miranda’s experience with sex, but she had enough to know she enjoyed it and, carefully managed, was a useful human function for other purposes than procreation. Mike had been the only man —except Horatio—that hadn’t repeatedly propositioned her. Their relationship had slowly morphed past the occasional Sunday morning —Thursday this week—chat, and even the occasional animated political discussion on free evenings. He was a Montreal Liberal and she was an Alberta NDP, an anomaly amongst friends her age in Calgary. She and her Grandfather used to have the same discussions, although they always ended up agreeing they both liked NDP Notley and intensely disliked Kenney and the demise of the old moderate —or progressive —conservative. She had first nurtured her relationship with Mike as a source of information. It hadn’t taken her long to figure out that the route to bringing down Horatio’s operation was not the law, but the banks. Within a week of working at the operation she could have gone to authorities either in St. Lucia or Canada and exposed the operation. But she learned that he would just set up the same thing on another Island or another country. She had already heard him talk about Belize. Only an attack on his money would truly hurt him. And Mike was one of the accountants who knew something about the money chain. Over the course of the last months, she had learned that Mike had a business degree from Concordia and was a licenced Chartered Professional Accountant—CPA. She had learned that he had been hired for one reason—set up and manage the money supply chain that started with a Western Union mule pick up and ended up in Horatio’s pocket. He also routed the payments from the ‘dark web’ operations that bought the personal data they gathered. So far she hadn’t learned any details of this supply chain and was hesitant to ask Mike directly. And she had yet to learn why someone with Mike’s education and talent was making pin money hunkered down in a foreign country in a scam operation like Horatio’s. 
She had picked up a coffee that would be appreciated when he wakes from his morning Tequila slumber and, as she stood beside the bed, Mike gave a brief snort and rolled over on his side. She was about to sit beside him on the bed and wake him up when she noticed the outer edge of what looked like a book sticking out from under his mattress. She carefully pulled it out without walking him. It wasn’t a book but a 6-inch square binder. She opened the first page. All of the pages were spreadsheets. She examined the most recent. She didn’t understand most of the entries, although she recognized some numbers. One for $8000 had to be Chuck’s first submission, so the cell label WU was clearly Western Union. She used her finger to try and follow the subsequent $8000 entries as the money made its way through a series of cell names—letters— that were meaningless to her. The last cell she could find for that money was labelled Pan-MCP-Mont. Mike rolled over again and she quickly shoved the binder back under the mattress. Her mind throbbed with both new data and unanswered questions.
She knelt down beside the bed and touched his shoulder. “Wake up sleepy head,” she whispered. “Too nice a day to waste in bed.” He sat up in bed and placed the fresh coffee under his nose. “Here. This will dissolve the Tequila,” she laughed.
“Thanks Kat,” he offered as he took the ceramic mug, “I guess I needed a little nap.”
“Yeah,” she answered. “The agony of defeat was too much for you to handle.” She suddenly blushed as she noticed the recognizable bulge in his skin tight, boxer short style underwear. She wondered what he might have been dreaming.
He showed no sign of embarrassment. 
To her surprise her voice came out slightly breathless. “Although I suppose there are other things people do in bed than sleep.” She removed her sweat dampened T-shirt—her grapefruit breasts rarely needed a bra—and lay beside him. 
“Kat,” he whispered. “You sure? I don’t want to ruin our friendship. It is all I have in this place right now.”
That was the first time he had indicated in any way that she meant something to him. “Maybe take the friendship to a different level?” She tasted the mingling flavors of morning Tequila and coffee as she kissed him.

“A swim would be good,” he offered afterward as they lay beside each other, both glistening with the sweat of a noon exercise in a non-airconditioned room in a humid climate. 
Kat took an edge of the sheet and wiped her forehead and her chest. “It would also be nice if they turned on the air conditioners in our rooms.”
“Yeah. They save all the hydro for the mammoth air conditioners in the working room.”
She reached over and gently touched his cheek. “You Ok?”
“Kat,” he responded in a quiet voice. “I’m not like the other guys you know. I don’t just do this to pass the Sunday —Thursday—morning boredom.”
She sat up and frowned. “So I look like I do?”
“No. No.” he gasped. “I didn’t mean that. I just meant that I wouldn’t do something like this unless it meant something.”
She leaned down and kissed him. “I know that Mike. I was just being difficult. Despite the fact that you suck at chess, this means something to me as well.” She stood up beside the bed and pulled on her discarded panties, shorts and T-shirt. “Now quit being so serious and get your beach gear. I’ll go to my room and clean up a little, grab my suit, and meet you at the front door. We can get Richard or Frank to give us a lift to join the others at Canada beach.”
When she got back to her room, she was relieved to find that Gina and Miranda had already left for the beach with a group of the other men. They called their regular beach Canada beach because it was a remote beach on the Atlantic side of the Island, mostly used by Canadian expats. It was a place that they could let lose every Sunday out of the prying eyes of the tourist crowd. She showered, put on her bathing suit and a cotton cover up, and went to the front door of the Villa to wait for Mike. She now knew that Pan-MCP-Mont was the end point of the money supply chain. She need to get Mike to tell her where and what that those letters meant. And she wondered how a secret, binder stuffed under a mattress fit into all of this.

Index



BLOG 59: Follow the money…
3 PM, Thursday, Feb 6 ,2020 
“Mike, how did you end up in this job?” Kat asked as they walked hand in hand down the kilometer long beach. A row of randomly clustered palm trees marked the edge of the 50 metre wide beach. It was an unmaintained beach area and they had to rout around the ocean flotsam of plastic and wood. Dumped in garbage barges —out of sight out of mind—the ocean streams brought plastic detritus from as far away as Africa to the once pristine Caribbean beaches all throughout the Leeward Islands. 
“Same as you I guess,” he offered as he kicked at a litre plastic bottle. “I was at the youth hostel and running out of money. Richard asked me if I wanted to make some money and he introduced me to Horatio. I was a consultant for a while, but when Horatio learned I was a CPA he shifted me to accounting.”
She kicked a pile of sand with her foot and watched a small crab scuttle to the edge of the gently lapping waves. “No. I mean how did you end up here? In this country? Broke and looking for a job. You are a certified accountant for God’s sake, you could get a job anywhere.”
“Sure,” he answered. “And sit in a cubicle somewhere doing someone’s taxes who is making more money than me. I need a little more adventure in my life than that.”
She decided to take a chance. She didn’t believe that she could like someone the way she liked Mike, and he could really be bad. And her discovery of the notebook suggested there was more to him than he showed. “So managing the flow of stolen money gives you that adventure?”
He let go of her hand and waded into the shallow surf. “How old are you Kat?”
“Nineteen,” she offered, wondering where he was going with the question.
“I’m 24 Kat. I graduated from Concordia when I was 21 and was certified at 23. There is no way that your favorite movie is Zulu and you hate Bieber. And I don’t know a 19 year old who has ever heard of John Prine, must less hated him.”
Kat gave him a surprised look.
“All of the calls are recorded Kat. I can listen to them anytime I want,” he explained. “So? Ripping off your old Grandpa gives you your jollies?” He reached over and took her hand and led her a little further out in the surf, well away from any other passing beach walker. “Sorry Kat. I don’t believe that the woman I just made love to is the Kat that does Horatio’s bidding.”
Kat shot him a smile. “So the Mike that I made love to keeps a notebook with all of the company financial transactions under his mattress?” 
“Shit,” he laughed. “ I could never hold my booze.”
“So how about this?” She took a chance and offered. “I show you mine. You show me yours?”
“You first?” he laughed.
“Ok,” she offered. “But not here. She looked back up the beach at the group of consultants and guards pretending to play beach volleyball. “Too many ears—and eyes. Is there any way we can get away alone?”
“Sure,” he suggested. “Everyone already thinks we are a couple, so a date wouldn’t be unusual. Can it all wait until tomorrow night? I’ll tell Horatio I am taking you out to dinner. Maybe to the Sandals Resort? He’ll appreciate the romanticism of it and have no problem.”
She reached over and brought his face closer and kissed him. “I’m glad we met Mike. A date sounds perfect.”

Index



BLOG 60: The truth shall set you…
3 PM Thursday, February 6,2020
“Is four hours enough for you to spill it all?” Chuck asked as the plane settled at altitude and they settled in their first class seats for the flight to Hewanorra. “Or are you going to keep lying to me?” In order to mask Chuck’s travel from his family she had bought the tickets, so he had insisted upon first class.
“Wine first?” she laughed. 
Chuck signalled the Hostess. “That bad eh?”
“That complicated,” she offered. “And perhaps a little sad. Where do you want me to start?”
“The hospital?” he asked. “How did you end up in Calgary at that hospital emptying my bedpan? From what I saw on your office wall you are a celebrated Physic professor?”
She took a gulp of the Cabernet and began. “The hospital was planned. I actually am a nurse and I did get my training in Grenada. It was long ago in a different life. But a friend in the University medical school got me the job even though my credentials were long dated. He assured me they wouldn’t look too closely at my papers and he was right. And by the way, that was when I was a ‘Reid’ not a Brathwaite. So that is why I was nurse Reid.”
“That’s encouraging. A real vote of confidence in our hospital’s HR system,” he interjected. “But that explains the job, but not why you were in Calgary?”
“I’ll get to that Chuck,” she implored. “Could you just not interrupt? Drink your wine and let me tell the story?”
“Let’s start with the first question. Why did I come to Calgary? Easy. I wanted to find Katherine. Why I did that after 19 years of absence is the more complicated issue. I’ll get to that in a moment as well. The nurse thing was perhaps a dumb idea. I just thought in a Cabernet vision one night that a job as a nurse would be a good cover for me to observe and maybe get to know her. It seemed somehow adventurous and romantic at the time. You know. The kind, aging, black nurse befriends young, culturally confused young girl candy striping at the hospital and helps her sort out the complexities of mixed genes in a cruel world? Then at some point—in a clutter of tears of course—the old nurse exposes herself as the child’s grandmother. The story line is probably better suited for a Hallmark movie or a bad novel rather than real life. The story didn’t really work with a brilliant, and wealthy, well-adjusted and sophisticated —beautiful? —woman suddenly appearing in a young woman’s life? Or if the young woman shows no self-concept challenges. At any rate it is amazing how someone can be brilliant in some ways and so dumb in others. But I never got to see if it would work because by the time I got to Calgary she was gone from her candy stripping and Calgary, and I was a ward nurse in a hospital feeling badly for myself. Then you showed up—a totally coincidental thing by the way. I knew where you lived because I had scoped out your place and Graham’s to try and see Katherine —remember his curry chicken?. Then I learned she was off on a gap year adventure. But you and your medical adventures simply gave me a way to get into your family and find out where Katherine went and when she would get back and so on.”
“How did you know that Kat was a candy stripper at the hospital?” he gasped. “And learn about her trip?” 
“I was a Friend on Facebook? Like most teens she wasn’t particularly choosy in who she accepted as a friend,” Reid laughed. 
“Did you have to destroy my life in the process?”
“Sorry about that Chuck,” she sipped her wine. “But it was just too much fun to play with you. And, of course, it helped me wiggle even further into your family life.”
“Weren’t you worried that Graham would recognize you?”
“We only met once,” she explained and that was almost 20 years ago, so I felt confident that he wouldn’t associate an old nurse with Kat’s mother, although I worried about some family resemblance that might trigger something. To be safe, you might have noticed that whenever he came around I disappeared into my basement cave.”
“I can see you in Kat for sure,” Chuck offered. “You are both beautiful. And I remember her mother as being beautiful as well.”
Ratched turned her face to the frosted airplane window. She didn’t speak for a moment. “Ok,” she coughed and turned back to her wine. “That’s the simple explanation of why I came to Calgary. The more complicated issue is why I was there after 19 years? Why after all that time would I try that silly subterfuge to find my granddaughter?” She paused and took a deep breath. Chuck was silent. “The last two years were challenging for me. You heard from Rebecca that I retired. That was more of a euphemism for fired. The University and I agreed that life would be better for both of us if I pursued other interests in my life. I was 60 so the retired story fit everybody. They were generous. It wouldn’t have been a good story of a black, woman, physics genius fired. But they were right to get rid of me. I had fallen off a cliff and it was only the help of many friends —and a good doctor—that I was able to climb back up. In a way the Calgary adventure was part of the recovery process. Reclaim —face—your history, the doctor told me. ”
“What happened Delores?” Chuck gently probed.
“It was a vortex of events, Chuck,” she offered. “Difficult life things that would normally be handled one at a time by a normal person. But I’m not normal and they came all at once. Firstly, my partner of 23 years just walked out one day and told me he was in love with someone else. Just like that. One day with a partner and the next alone. We had never married but I had always assumed it was some sort of ‘in sickness and in health’ relationship. And on the way out he detailed all of my human faults that made me impossible to live with. The next day, part way through the scotch dulled pain, I got a call from Toronto General that my mother had passed away. My mother and I weren’t close, but none the less, the loss of your last parent leaves a hole, an empty space between you and somewhere up there.” She gestured her wine glass to the ceiling of the plane. “And of course, you are full of regrets that you didn’t pay more attention to a now dead parent. I hadn’t seen my father in 50 years and he died many years ago in England. At any rate, a few more prophylactic drinks and I was facing these life changes. I took some leave to take care of my mother’s estate. And I learned that she hadn’t missed me at all. She had a long term partner, and many friends in the Caribbean community that I had always shunned.”
“I remember losing my parents,” Chuck offered in a comforting way. “They went within weeks of each other. You never really get over it.”
“True,” she replied. “ But there is one death that every parent dreads. And that was the third corner of the vortex that really put me over the edge. I got a call from a coroner that Muriel was missing and presumed dead. Apparently she jumped on a windsurfer with no lifejacket and headed towards France. The board washed up on a beach two days later, but she has never been found. They wrote it off as a suicide.”
Chuck reached over and took her hand. “Delores, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
She wiped some tears from her face. “I was a terrible person. I Ignored my mother, and hadn’t seen my daughter in 10 years. But I was a great academic,” she laughed and took a tissue from her sleeve and gently blew her nose. “But I knew that Muriel would never commit suicide. She had serious problems but she was never suicidal. Actually the opposite. She was so narcissistic; taking her precious life would be the last thing she would consider. At any rate, these events explain why my life fell apart, my good judgement dissolved and why I quit my job and marched off to Calgary to become a ward nurse. In hindsight, not very logical I know, but it all seemed to make sense at the time.”
“And then you read my blogs and saw another opportunity to find Katherine?”
“Right,” she brightened and grabbed his hand. “I need to be here Chuck. I need to do this with you.”
“We’re in this together Delores,” he comforted her. “Grandparents to the rescue!”
“Thanks Chuck,” she laughed. “Maybe I need to get a cane?”
“You seem pretty good with that heel? That guy won’t walk for a week. Maybe you could get a role in Tarantino's next flick? Kill Chuck! But I’m confused. Are you a Reid or a Braithwaite?”
“Ha!” she laughed. “In my delusion I decided to go back to being a Reid after 30 professional years as a Braithwaite. Reid was my first husband’s name and, as I told you, the name I had when I went to nursing school. So I just started calling myself Reid. But all my identity stuff shows me as a Braithwaite. I’ll drop the Reid from now on I think. I like myself better as a Braithwaite.”
“Well,” Chuck offered. “I can assure you the old Reid was a pain in the ass. I think I’ll like Delores Braithwaite better myself.”
She chuckled. “Actually I kind of liked the Ratched thing.”
Both were quiet and lost in their own thoughts as they sipped their wine. 
“OK, I’ll just call you Rat for short. But I’ve always been curious why you and Muriel simply disappeared after Kat was born,” Chuck probed. “Was that related in some way to the ‘problems’ you referred to?”
“Yes, Chuck. Muriel was very sick. And I don’t mean physically. She was always strong and beautiful and talented—she had a voice like an angel—but she had serious mental challenges. I don’t need to get into the details, just that I decided it was better for everyone involved, especially Kat, that her mother was not in her life. For the past 19 years I watched as Muriel was institutionalized, immersed in the drug world, imprisoned, medicated and now finally freed from her pain. You were all better without her in your life. My decision to disappear saved you from all of that.”
“Did Graham know any of this?”
“Not really,” she offered. “They were never really an item. And I kept her mostly hidden during her pregnancy.”
“Yeah,” Chuck added. “Other than that time I heard her sing at the talent show I never saw her. She was beautiful—and talented—for sure.”
“But very ill Chuck. Maybe there is some truth to the notion of a delicate balance between sanity and brilliance. She certainly flitted back between the two. At any rate by the time she was 28 I couldn’t take her effect on my life anymore and we essentially cut all ties.”
Chuck decided to change the topic and bring her back to the present. “How does any of this help us find Katherine?”
“She went to find her Mother,” she exclaimed. “Muriel left Canada with her husband. I never met him, but I had heard that he was small time crook who made a living doing door-to-door charity scams. You know the ones that show up at your door with a clipboard and an official looking identification around their neck asking for money to save African children from some disease or something or other. I would assume that Muriel with her caramel complexion and sweet voice would be good at the job. At any rate, Rebecca told Kat where her husband and Muriel went. It was where she died. Kat will be there.”
“St. Lucia,” Chuck impatiently interrupted her.
“Right,” Ratched announced. “And her husband’s name was Horatio Dumont.”

Index



Blog 61: Found him… 
5 PM, Thursday, February 6th
“As I told you before, a ticket was booked,” Dalgood explained. “But he didn’t show up. And there was no ticket bought for a Delores Reid. And he bought a ticket for Toronto on WestJet on the 8 AM flight on February 5th. There was no Delores Reid on the plane, but the manifest I was sent shows that he sat with a Dr. D. Braithwaite on the plane. I interviewed the attendant and he said Dr. Braithwaite was an older black woman.”
“I’m confused,” Brenda whined. “Who is that woman? Did they know each other? What happened to Reid?”
“According to the young woman who sat in the outside seat in their row, they knew each other.” She paused as if she was reading something. “They talked about his blog and how to find someone in Toronto?”
“Blog? Toronto? Are you sure we are talking about Charles?”
“The woman apparently referred to him as Chuck, not Charles.”
“Maybe that wasn’t him? Or maybe not Reid?”
“There’s more Mrs. Profiterole. You said before that he took some clothes, a fancy cane and a panama hat?”
“Yes. And an old travel bag. And some toiletries.”
“Well, when I sent out the notice of the lost cognitively declined senior across the country —maybe kidnapped by an older black woman —there was no reply from anyone. And from the database, no hotel near the airport had anyone with either of their names registered. But this afternoon Toronto police issued an alert for two people involved in an assault in a strip mall off Avenue Road. Apparently a waitress in a coffee shop witnessed two people—a man and a woman—assault two men in the parking lot. But here’s the thing. The man was an older white man and the woman an older black woman. And the man apparently —who wore a Panama hat—whacked the two men with his cane before the couple ran to their Impala and disappeared. The police wouldn’t have paid much attention to this except that the night before they had received a report —from an informant apparently—of two people pretending to be police officers. They assaulted the man with a cane and robbed him of his drugs. One was an older man in a Panama hat and the other a black woman.” She glanced at her watch. “About 15 minutes ago they issued an all-points for this couple. If they are in Toronto they will find them, they think they might be organized crime enforcers from Montreal.”
“Are you suggesting that my cognitively declining husband is in Toronto assaulting drug dealers?”
“It is possible. It looks like you might have been right about the ‘danger to others’ thing. At least it appears he dealing. In addition, apparently he has been sighted earlier today in a student pub at the University of Toronto. He was with two black woman. Maybe selling drugs to students. So with your permission I am going to send your husband’s details to Toronto. Apparently they have not made the connection between my posting of your kidnapped husband and these organized crime enforcers-drug dealers.”
“Neither have I Officer,” Brenda intoned. “It doesn’t make sense. I’ve never seen Charles kill a mosquito. And I’m sure he doesn’t do a blog or anything like that. And who would he be looking for in Toronto?”
“Well, at least I have to let Toronto be aware of the possibility. If it isn’t him, then nothing lost. If it is them, then we have the resources of the Toronto police looking for him and his nurse. And in the meantime we’ll keep looking for Charles on the streets of Calgary.”
“What do we do now?” 
“If you and your family could think of anything that might help in the search please let me know. Other than that just sit tight. I’m in touch with the Toronto police and will let you know if they learn anymore.”
Brenda hung up the phone and turned to the group gathered in the living room. 
Larry perched his 56 year old, lithe 180 cm body on a bar stool at the kitchen island, sipping a glass of Charles’ 18 year old Flor de Cana that Brenda had poured for him. He ran his hand through his salt and pepper, short cropped goatee. “You know I was a lawyer, and I suggest you move quickly on the commitment efforts you started a few weeks ago with this new information. Judges don’t like drug dealers. He has clearly gone over the top. At least get him declared incompetent and get Brenda control over all of his affairs.”
“Disbarred lawyer, Larry,” Donald clarified from his previous languid perch on the living room chair. He sipped a 23 year old Glenfiddich Reserva—only available in Canada Chuck used to brag. Apparently whiskey aged in Cuban rum barrels was not allowed into the U.S. He was not yet comfortable with the burgeoning relationship between his mother and her pickleball coach. “Assets you mean—not affairs.”
“He was framed Donald,” Brenda lectured from her place on the loveseat. “ And insulting him doesn’t help. His friendship has been more comfort to me than any of you.”
“But he is right isn’t he?” Laverne interjected as sat on the chesterfield cuddling the Chiweenie. “We have to move quickly on the assets thing…or something like that. He clearly is incapable of managing his own affairs. I always thought he was a drug dealer or something like that.”
“Larry is right,” Donald interjected. “But Pete told me that we have to find him and get him home. The court will not move on the commitment thing with Dad not being present. So we have to find him, and get him back here and declared incompetent. After this disappearing act with his nurse, Pete says it shouldn’t be too hard to have Brenda get control over all of his assets.”
Graham and Lorne sat beside each other at the six seater oak dining room table that faced the living room. Neither had a drink. They had listened for the last hour as the group filled them in on what they knew of Chuck’s disappearance—and their intentions. Neither would recognize Larry’s presence. Graham had already told them that they should remember that their father was an IT security specialist and if he did not want to be found he would not easily be found. Up until this point, he or Lorne had nothing to add to the mystery of the caregiving nurse.
Graham suddenly perked up. “Did she say that the lady beside him on the plane was a Dr. Braithwaite? And he was seen at the university with her?”
“Yes. I think so,” Donald offered.
“I’ll be damned,” Graham exclaimed with a grin, as he got up from his chair. “The old guy is smarter than all of you put together. The only ‘commitment’ I’ll support is my commitment that I’ll oppose any effort to have him declared incompetent. Or to let any of you take control of his life—and assets. He’ll let you know where he is— when he is ready. Let’s go Lorne. This is stupid.”
Lorne and Graham grabbed their matching puffer jackets from the backs of the dining table chairs and put them on as they walked to the front door of the condo. “And you might tell the Toronto cops to check flights to Thailand.”

Index



BLOG 62: CONVERGENCE…
Midnight, Thursday, February 6, 2020
The Sandals Couples La Toc was built in the sixties as one of the Island’s premier resort destinations. Its hillside suites hovered over La Toc beach, while the restaurant, bar pools and other guest services encircled the white sand fringe that rimmed the protected harbour on the skirts of Castries, the capital city. Its nine hole golf course, while considered a short executive course by today’s standards, was the Island’s first golf course and snaked its way through palms and a meandering stream away from the ocean, ending perilously close to the citizenry the resort was designed to ignore. Although it had endured various ownerships and pretentious visions —Sandals only the most recent, and most pretentious—the resort had preserved its basic offering; exclusive ocean view, hillside villas each with their own serenity pool, a first class restaurant —although a recent reviewer described it as Goodyear, not Michelin— and the all-inclusive character that provided guest immunity and comfort from having to learn anything about the people or the country that owned the beach they all frolicked on. The recent “couples” only designation even freed guests from the annoying disturbance of children laughing and building sand castles in the surf. The villa had also retained its 60s reputation as a hotel that minded its own business about the nature of the guest relationships. One Canadian reviewer mischievously estimated that less than half the couples he watched at dinner one night would have been able to be seen in public together in their hometown of Moose Jaw (yes, there is a city called Moose Jaw). So there were no raised eyebrows or surreptitious winks to a co-worker when a lanky, cane wielding, septuagenarian in a Panama hat, and a younger, fashionably dressed, dark woman checked into one of the hillside villas. The only unusual part was that she paid. 
It was 10 PM Wednesday night by the time they had cleared the perfunctory customs clearance in the open air Hewanorra airport. St. Lucia was a popular warm retreat in February for tourists from all over the world. They shared the custom’s line with the inhabitants of two charter flights—one from Toronto and one from Heathrow. Many of the flyers had started their sampling of Caribbean rum on the holiday flight and the line -up of holidayers was loud and boisterous. Chuck had always marvelled how tourists were able to assume that a different behavioural persona was acceptable in a foreign country. He assumed that none of these tourists would behave this way in a line up at Pearson. The welcoming and load steel drum band encouraged the chaos and impromptu dancing in the lineup by body shapes that would always stay well covered up at home. The stern customs agents patiently and perfunctorily stamped passports and expediently waived revellers to the luggage area. Chuck and Ratched didn’t have any luggage and as first class were one of the first in the customs line so were quickly outside the airport and into the warm, humid quiet of a Caribbean evening. The evening warmth immediately enveloped them. Chuck and Brenda had been to several Islands over the years and always thought the best part—other than the rum—was the bleeding of the days warmth into the evening. The suns set early near the equator, but the day’s warmth lingered. 
They trudged through the throng of politely beckoning taxi drivers and tour buses and went to the rental area where Ratched had prebooked a car by phone at the airport before they boarded. They were given a five year old Corolla, and made the 45 minute trek through the middle of the Island to the capital city and the resort. While they passed the occasional home or farm, the drive was mostly in the dark and Chuck was glad that Ratched was driving. Not only was the driving on the left side of the road, but he was having some night vision challenges since the knock on the head. But he had chosen the villa, suggesting that they needed to stay in the most upscale place closest to the capital city, and Sandals was only few kilometres from the urban Saturday market. He surmised that a call centre would need access to the communication facilities that could only be found in an urban setting, not off in the countryside somewhere. 
“Very nice, Chuck,” Ratched had offered as she leaned on the railing of the small balcony and admired the view over the resort below, and the beach and ocean beyond. “Looks like there is a golf course somewhere out there in the dark as well.”
“That reminds me of another question I forgot to ask,” he interrupted her reverie. “Where the fuck did you learn to play golf?”
She laughed and walked back into the unit and slid the double sliding doors closed. “Shit Chuck,” she sighed. “It’s midnight and I’m tired— and tired of questions. I get the bedroom and you get the sofa bed. But that isn’t as complicated —or as sad—as the rest of my story. I was raised in Antigua and my father was a British golf pro who thought that this Canadian guy —Moe something or other—had unlocked the secrets of the golf swing and he foisted his weird style on an unsuspecting daughter. He ran the local pro shop until he got a better offer somewhere in Jamaica and left when I was 15. By then I could beat him and it pissed him off. My teen mind surmised that beating him was the reason he left my mom and me so I quit the game for a while. I was tired of people laughing at my swing anyhow. And then, not being too swift about these matters, I married the Canadian golf pro that replaced him and started playing again. Both my game and he lasted until I got pregnant with Muriel and he made one of the junior tours. I could beat him as well and I heard he ended up running a driving range in Sunshine City, Phoenix. You know? The place with the $3 all you can eat senior meals before 5PM?”
He decided not to tell her that he and the golfing buddies and taken a week golf lessons there a few years ago and gorged every night on the tasteless spaghetti. “How did nursing and physics fit into all of this?” 
“Chuck,” she whined. “It’s nothing mysterious, but I’m fucking tired. I didn’t sleep on the car. Tomorrow? I promise?” She had surprised him by reaching up and pecking his cheek. “Sleep well.”
Chuck had too much bouncing around in his brain to sleep right away. Her story, their adventure at Western Union, the call from Kat—and his own misgivings about his ability to sort it all out kept him awake. He had always been able to see through complex work or business problems or circumstances and find a safe—if not profitable—route. But now everything was a jumbled soup of data, and like her golf story, each new piece of information adding to the confusion as his once, analytic brain is distracted by the new data. But the most troublesome part is that he has momentary gaps in his memory as he struggles to put everything together and pop out a plan of attack. His eideticism doesn’t seem to help. As he lay on the sofa bed, he could remember every detail of the face and clothing of the man he had whacked with the cane, he couldn’t remember how they got to Braithwaite’s condo. And at the current moment, while he struggled to remember the pass code for his phone, he clearly remembered all of his old hacking strategies. He rolled over on his side, and decided that this was a symptom of the drama they had been through. He had never hit or fought anyone since he was in a 13 years-old playground fight. And he had never in the most remote parts of his imagination thought that the “Cane Defense” course he took in England would ever be useful. The only reason he took it then was for the after class Guinness trips. Just before he had drifted off, he wondered how he would explain all of this to his Blog readers? He wondered if in his absence they had all drifted to other blogs and he would have to start over again? Or maybe he is running out of things to say and it doesn’t matter.

7 AM, Friday, February 7, 2020
The sound of a doorbell woke him from an exhaustion fed, dreamless sleep. He threw off the lightweight duvet and sat up on the sofa, trying to drag from his head a memory of where he was. He got up and pulled the curtains back from the sliding glass doors and squinted at the bright reflection from the ocean, still not registering why and where he was. 
The doorbell rang again. 
“Chuck, get that for God’s sake,” a woman’s voice yelled from behind a closed door beside the small, galley kitchen. “I ordered breakfast.”
Still confused, he opened the door to a tiny—less than 150 cm he guessed—white liveried, man pushing a cart covered with silver platters covered with equally shiny silver concave covers. The coffee pot was recognizable. “Good morning sir,” the accented voice announced. “Your breakfast.” He pushed past Chuck and began to set up the breakfast on the table for two on the deck. He only glanced momentarily sideways at the tussled sofa bed. “Enjoy,” he whispered as he actually winked at Chuck as he left the room.
Chuck’s brain had returned to the present by the time Ratched emerged from the bedroom, showered, made up and dressed in a flower embossed cotton skirt that reached her ankles. “Well you look rested?” was all he could say as he was once again struck by how this Ratched was so different from the abusive, dumpy nurse that he first met in the hospital. There was nothing dumpy about her now. He hadn’t decided yet on the abusive part yet.
“You look like shit,” she laughed. “Have breakfast first and then get cleaned up or I won’t be seen in public with you,” she joked.
Neither had eaten since they carefully sampled the airplane food so they both were quiet as they cleared every plate of the eggs, fruit and pastries. “I guess I still owe you an answer about the nursing and physics thing,” she announced as she poured them both a black coffee. “So let’s get it over quickly and then we can focus on the real reason we are here.” She sipped her coffee and leaned back in the rattan chair. “I was a very good—maybe even gifted—student. And despite what you might think, while the Caribbean educational system has its weaknesses, it inherited from its British colonialists a high quality level A level—Canadian grade 12—system where the best students are funneled. So while every child in Canada would still have the opportunity to show their stuff in grade 12, only perhaps 5 % of all students on an Island like this would be offered that level of education. But for those 5% it was very good. I was identified early as one of those students, and eventually took my A level exams —that were still marked in England at that time —and got ‘firsts’ on all subjects, with special honours in science subjects and mathematics. So at 17 I was deemed eligible for nursing school in Grenada. Of course, the boys who all scored less than me were all sent to medical school in England, but girls were only offered nursing school in those days. Why waste an education on a girl that would just get married and have babies?” She sighed and poured some more coffee. “Of course, they were right. Or maybe it was just a self- fulfilled prophecy that a girl my age felt I had to fulfill. I married the Canadian golf pro —his name was Reid— came home from my one year training and got pregnant.”
“What?” he interrupted. “You changed my bedpan with only one year’s training? How does physics help with changing diapers on old people?”
Funny Chuck,” he laughed as well. “Funny. But again, it is not complicated or mysterious. The jerk, me, and my mother moved to Canada to pursue his golf career aspirations and when he disappeared one day, we moved in with my uncle who had immigrated a decade earlier. With my A level performance and Canadian husband, I had my choice of universities, and while my mother watched Muriel, I did a University of Toronto degree in math and Physics. And the rest is history —so to speak.” 
“You never played golf again ?”
“Ha!” she smirked. “After Muriel and I split up, my partner and I decided that golfing together would be good for a relationship that was faltering even 10 years ago. I loved your blogs on couples golf. I should have read them 20 years ago. Women should never play golf with their partner. It didn’t take long for me to get my golf mojo back and I beat another husband who thought he was good at the game. He kept trying to change my swing. I kept beating him. He quit the game—and me—and I joined a women’s only course in Toronto where no one cared what I looked like. Well, my swing anyhow.” 
She paused, with a clearly pained look on her face. “Can we get back to Kat now?”
Chuck gave her as sympathetic look as he could muster. “Thanks for that Delores. I didn’t mean for you to dredge up bad memories.”
“No worries,” she deadpanned. “Soon I’ll have a memory like yours and it will all be forgotten.”
He threw his linen napkin at her. “I remember why we are here. Today we find the call centre. Kat will be there I am sure. I will find the electricity company and see if I can find some place that has a larger than normal draw. In this climate the computers would need a lot of electricity for some honking big air conditioners.” 
“OK,” she suggested. “But shower first Chuck. I’ll use my own sources to see what I can find. I get the car and you can taxi it. Let’s meet for dinner tonight at 8 in that 5 star restaurant down there,” she nodded towards the resort below. “We can compare notes then.”

Chuck hadn’t had time to ask he what her sources were before she was gone. She was not in the villa when he had arrived back after his day using his own various methods of finding the call centre. And now he anxiously checked his watch as he sat at table he had reserved at the resort restaurant. He had come down form the hillside villa shortly after 6 to think more and to sample a local Rum…on the waiter’s suggestion he stuck to a Chairman’s Reserve 1931. After two drinks he had decided that it was good but he still preferred the South American rums to the Caribbean ones. He figured that most of the later were blended to go best with diet coke rather than a single ice cube. But neither drink helped him decide what he thought about his adventure being hijacked by Delores Ratched Reid Braithwaite. Forty eight hours ago he was on a carefully planned anonymous adventure, freed from the constant concern and direction from everyone from doctors to children to wife. Now he had more or less let Ratched take over the combined responsibilities of all of them. He shifted to wine to see if a good Cabernet would help clear the fog. It was 7:55 PM, and their reservations were for 8 PM, and all he could assume is that she would show up here on time. At 8:10 he was getting anxious when he saw her approach the Maitre’d, and watched him point to the table he had reserved as close to the back area of the restaurant he could get. Had had left the tables overlooking the beach to the romantically inclined couples he could see had already filled those tables. He and Ratched were not there for romance. He had not learned much in his visits to either the electricity company or the Internet supplier office. Neither seemed enthusiastic about sharing anything with an old white man with a cane and a Panama hat, although his questions had raised some eyebrows.
“I was worried,” he announced. He stood up as she approached the table.
“Touching Chuck,” she laughed as she gave him a second peck on the cheek. 
She smelled faintly of a mixture of Lavender and single malt. She had been doing her own thinking. “Did you learn anything?” He asked as she sat down.”
“Pass the wine chuck,” she ordered. “We are going to need a drink.”
Neither of them noticed Richard at the bar as he shoved his phone to his ear and lurched out of the restaurant chasing some unknown emergency.
Index



Blog 63: Fine Dining
8:00 PM Friday, Feb 7, 2020
“What happened to your chin?” Kat asked Richard as he drove her and Mike to their date at the Sandal’s Couple’s resort. Horatio had offered Richard as a driver and had even offered to pay for dinner to reward his two favourite employees, as he called them. “Have fun kids,” were his last words before they climbed into the Land Rover.
“Ran into a fucking door,” he scowled. “A fucking old one.”
He dropped them off at the roundabout in front of the resort restaurant and went to find a parking spot and then wait for them at the restaurant bar. Mike broke into a laugh as they walked into the restaurant. “He and Frank were sent to Canada to take care of a couple of cops—old ones apparently—who were ripping off his mules. Apparently the old guy also ripped a golf swing with a cane into Richard. Knocked him right out. Horatio was some pissed. Now he had contracted some of his old friends from Montreal to find the cops and deal with them.”
Kat was shocked. “Deal with them? Are they in danger?”
“No Kat,” he comforted. “Nothing will happen to the cops. I assure you. But let’s go have a drink on Horatio and talk then.”
Horatio had made the reservation and the Maitre’d led them to a prime table closest to the part of the large dining room that looked over the beach and the ocean 40 metres away. At 8:30 PM it was already dark, and the wet beach glistened in the restaurant lights as the sand faded into the darkness and succumbed to the slapping of gentle waves. In the muted lighting, the tables were all spaced a discreet distance from each other, protecting the secrets and liaisons of the clients of the couples only resort. Mike offered Kat the seat facing the ocean, and as the waiter pulled out her chair for her, for a moment she felt that there was no one in the world but her and Mike and they deserved these seats and this treatment. Mike ordered a bottle of French wine from a menu with no prices.
“To you,” he offered with his glass in the air. 
“To retribution,” she offered
Mike gave her a puzzled look, but clicked her glass. “I think you had better start.”
“Is this supposed to be good stuff?” she asked as she took a sip. “I don’t know much about wine. Tastes alright I guess.”
“Tastes alright I guess?” Mike mocked her. “That little glass is probably worth a week’s wage of scamming old people.”
Kat blushed and put the glass down. She reached behind her back and pulled out the piece of paper she had stuck into the elastic waist of her cotton skirt. She handed it to Mike. “What’s this?” he queried as he unfolded the paper. “Shit,” he exclaimed, looking around the room to see if anyone was watching. “This is a list of all of your scams since you have been here. Amounts. Names. Phone numbers. Why?”
She took a sip of the wine. “Hmm. The wine is getting better. I’m going to give them all their money back.”
Mike handed her back the paper and she put it back in her waistband. “Can I ask how? And why?”
“Sure,” she offered. “But you should keep drinking your wine. I’ll start with why. You’ve been here six months? Did you ever meet Horatio’s wife?”
“Only briefly in the first week I was here. Then she disappeared. Some sort of water accident. All I know is that Horatio wasn’t too broken up about it. And we had to pretend that we were doing customer service for Black and Decker when some local cops visited.”
Kat tried to hold back tears. “Did you ever meet her?” 
“Not really. She came into the villa a couple of times, but it wasn’t pleasant. Horatio is in his 50s, but as you have probably noticed he always surrounds himself with beautiful women half his age. She was certainly younger, maybe in her 40s, but she was a mess.”
“What do you mean,” Kat carefully asked. She had already heard from Rebecca about her mother’s state when she died, but it still hurt to have it described again.
“You could tell she was probably beautiful at one time, but the woman I saw was grossly overweight and her face was drug ravaged. I know that sallow, saggy, bloodshot eyes look. I’ve seen too much of it on the streets of Montreal. And all she did was scream at Horatio and tell all of us to go fuck off. We all joked she was off her meds.”
“Do you think her death was an accident?”
“Ha. Not a chance. Does she sound like the type of woman who would jump on a windsurfer and try to sail to Africa?”
“Do you think that Horatio killed her?”
Mike refilled both of their wine glasses. “Kat,” he asked. “Why are you so interested in this lady?”
Kat drank half the glass in one gulp. “That’s why I’m here Mike. She was my mother.”
Mike hid his reaction while the waiter took their appetizer and main course order. He asked for another bottle of wine. As he ordered he looked over Kat’s shoulder and saw Richard sitting at the bar nurturing a beer. He knew that Richard was told to wait for them until they were done and to bring them home, so he was surprised when Richard suddenly spoke into his phone and then ran from the restaurant. 
“I’m so sorry Kat.” He reached over and put his hand over hers. “You must miss her”
“Actually, I never met her Mike,” she explained. “She left right after I was born. I had a good father and a good family, but I always wondered why she left and where she was. It is a difficult thing to grow up thinking that your mother doesn’t love you. So when I finished secondary school last June, I decided to try and find her. It was my plan for a unique gap year. I quickly learned about what you saw. She was only 38 by the way. But, yes, she was very ill and had succumbed to most of the bad temptations of a low life.” She paused as the waiter brought their appetizers. They had both ordered some sort of cream sauce covered lobster wrap that could be eaten in one bite. “But she didn’t deserve to be killed.”
“I can see the family resemblance Kat. You are a little more caramel coloured than her, but I could see her beauty in you.”
“Not obese and sallow?” She teased him. “My great grandfather was white, my grandfather was white and my father was white. Tends to dilute the gene pool a little.”
“I gather they never found the body Kat. So you are here to find her body and bury her?”
“Mike,” her voice was resolute. “I’ve come her to bury her murderer.” She chuckled and raised her glass. “The killer who is paying for this dinner.”
“Kat, I knew you weren’t a part of the business. I knew that long before we became involved. It was obvious to anyone who watched that you weren’t a serial scammer. How are you going to do that?”
She put the wrap in her mouth. “Ugh. This sucks,” she grimaced and mumbled with a full mouth. “ I’m still working on that. But now your turn.”
He ate his and made a similar face. “I agree. Give me some Poutine anytime. My story is far less complicated than yours. Remember I told you that I was a CPA at 23? Well at 24 I was an RCMP rookie assigned to the fraud squad. Kat,” he whispered as he glanced around the room. “I was assigned to gather data on Dumont’s business.”
Kat tried to hide her surprise. “You are an undercover cop?”
He laughed. “I guess that is what Law and Order calls it. RCMP just calls me a field operative. And I have been assigned to work with the Canadian Fraud Agency located in North Bay, Ontario. They were the ones who put us on to Horatio’s operation—and his history.”
They were quiet as the waiter brought the second bottle of wine and their main course. Rack of lamb for Mike and Snapper for Kat.
“If I wasn’t going to give all their money back I’d feel guilty about eating this dinner on some mark’s money,” Kat laughed. “So that is what the hidden binder is all about?”
“Right,” he agreed. “The problem is that we can shut him down, but it is like whack-a- mole, he will just pop up on some other Island country. Last week I heard him talking with a real estate in Belize. Even if we nab him, it would be a brief prison sentence in a jail for white-collar crimes. He will suffer a few months at the prison golf course and nightly bingo, and after a year or so he would be back at it as an organized crime hero. Unless St. Lucia wants to prosecute him for something, his only serious crimes in Canada are those related to tax evasion, money laundering and cross border financial crimes. Scamming on its own doesn’t rate much legal attention. For example, if countries could agree, Canada or the U.S. could nail him for tax evasion and a country, like St. Lucia, could make him rot in a small, roach invested cell on a fraud charge,” he explained. “Of course if we could prove murder that would certainly put an end to his business. But that is unlikely. Horatio owns too many people here to get any serious investigation of that. No,” he announced through a mouthful of lamb. “The only way to permanently nail him is to prove some high financial crimes.”
“So again, that is what the binder is all about?”
“Yeah. Follow the money, as the joke goes.”
“Why a binder under your bed? That’s pretty old school. Why not some electronic files? iPad or something like that?”
“As you know we aren’t allowed cell phones of our own. As with you he took my cell phone when I joined the operation. Horatio is rightly a bit paranoid. And even if I had one, where would I plug it in where my roomies wouldn’t see it? Also, one of his Techies would know it right away if I tried to download a file. No. This is old school pen and paper. I fill it out each night in the bathroom. My roomies must think I have the trots every day.”
Kat played with the whole Snapper, breaking off small pieces of the flaky, white fish. Graham often cooked seafood and she had snapper many times, but this one was very good. She thought that she would have to get the recipe for Graham and Lorne’s food truck. “So it is difficult to put him in jail?”
“Yes,” he twisted the final morsel of lamb from the bone and washed it down with the last of the wine. “And I haven’t figured out a way to do it yet.”

Index



Blog 64: A Strategy…
9:30 PM Friday, February 7, 2020
“I don’t know why I told you all of this Kat,” Mike offered as he leaned back and placed his linen napkin on the empty plate on front of him.. “It is not exactly protocol for an operative to ‘tell all’ to a young woman he has only met —and could be working for the perp.” He took a sip of his coffee. “But it doesn’t matter anymore Kat. I’ve been ordered to give it all up and come home. I’ll be gone by the weekend.”
Kat couldn’t hide her shock. “What? You can’t do that Mike. I need your help. Why?”
“Just need my help?” he teased?
“Ok,” she laughed. “I guess I like your company as well. But why?”
“It’s not complex. Firstly, I’m paid a salary to catch the bad guy and I haven’t been able to do that. And secondly, this is pretty small potatoes in the whole fraud scheme business.”
“I don’t get it? Isn’t fraud still against the law?”
“Sure,” he agreed. “And if a mark ever laid charges and if the phone number was traced to Horatio and one of the consultants turned on him and he went back to Canada and anyone was really watching for him—yes, he could be charged with fraud. But as I told you before he would get 6 months playing golf at a minimum security facility where he would learn from other fraudsters how to not get caught next time. I was supposed to gather enough evidence to get him on all of the money crimes. I gathered all the evidence, but can’t find anything to bust him for.”
Kat showed her exasperation. “I still don’t get it. Isn’t the money dirty? Isn’t that illegal.”
Mike waived to the waiter for some fresh coffee. “This guy is smart and not greedy. It is usually greed that gets these assholes in the end. So here is the money process,” he explained. “I’ll use your Grampa’s 15 thousand as an example. A mule picks it up from Western Union. He gives it to another person who deposits it using ATMs in two separate bank accounts—say an RBC and a CIBC in Toronto. He always keeps the deposits under 10 thousand to avoid scrutiny. It could easily just be from the sale of an old car or boat. People still use cash for those sorts of things. Horatio has 50 accounts spread over 6 Canadian cities. One of my and the other accountant’s job is to collate the money in those accounts.”
Kat took her new coffee from the waiter and took a sip. “Is that hard?” 
“Have you ever made an email money transfer to a friend?”
“I haven’t, but Chuck—Grandpa— sends me birthday money that way.”
“Difficult to do?”
“No. I just enter the agreed upon password and the money goes into my account from his.”
“Right,” he agreed. “And the maximum of any one transfer is usually $2500 a day.”
Kat laughed. “I wouldn’t know that. Gramps was never that generous.”
“Well Duane, the other accountant, and I spend our day doing $2500 email transfers to a collection of email addresses linked to bank accounts in the Caymans. Then we transfer from those email-linked bank accounts to different emails and bank accounts in the Seychelles, and so on with different locations, each time reducing the number of email addresses and accounts, until the money ends up in one place. As long as he sticks to the $2500 limit a day on the first transaction, nothing is flagged as suspicious and the money goes from the victim to him in a smooth flow. Remember, this isn’t the image of the big piles of $100 bills hidden behind fake walls like you see in Narcos or Ozarks. This is small potatoes to the law.” He drank some of his own coffee. “But still a lot of money. Do the math,” he suggested. “If I do 10, $2500 transfers a day for five days a week for 50 weeks a year, that is …”
“One million, two hundred and fifty thousand and fifty dollars,” Kat jumped in. “With two of you moving the money that is over two and a half million a year?”
“Good for you,” he winced. “You could be an accountant too.”
She laughed. “Not enough adventure. So that is a lot of money, but not enough to interest the Mounties?”
“That, and I haven’t really been able to prove the illegal part of the money movement process,” he sighed. “So home it is for me.”
The waiter approached the table with desert menus.
“Why not,” she lamented as she ordered a banana flambé. “Horatio can afford it.” After the waiter left, Kat leaned closer to Mike. “Your job may be done, but mine isn’t. And I don’t care about the law. How can I hurt this guy Mike? He needs to pay for my mother.”
Mike leaned back in his chair. The waiter brought a brandy and Kat’s flambé. “Are you sure he killed her Kat?”
Kat’s response was resolute. “He got rid of her Mike. It doesn’t matter how. Maybe she overdosed and he dumped the body in the Atlantic? Maybe they had a fight and he beat her to death? Maybe he had someone like Richard do the deed? Maybe she really did try to windsurf to Africa? It really doesn’t matter how miserable a person she ended up being, or how he did it, in the final analysis she was sick Mike, and Horatio was responsible for ending her life. Maybe the law can’t make him pay, but I can.”
Neither had anything more to say. Kat finished her flambé in silence as Mike watched her and swirled his brandy around in the snifter before each sip. The background lull of the lapping waves filled the void, leaving each with their own thoughts.
Mike broke the silence. “Would leaving him broke be good enough for you? Or do you have to break his legs or something?”
Kat thought for a moment. “No,” she surmised. “Legs are tempting, but broke would be good as long as he could never go into business again?”
“That might be tough. There is always a place in the world that will host such an asshole. But I could empty his bank accounts—and make it such that he could never do business in Canada again —or probably the U.S.?”
“Can you do that Mike?” she quietly asked. “Can you take all his money?”
“I think so, Kat,” he cautiously replied. “But I have to do it now—from here. My bosses would never endorse this kind of thing back in Canada. And I would need someone with more technical expertise than me, as well as a good computer and fibre optic connection other than the one at the call centre.”
“Ha,” she sarcastically responded as she stood up and placed her napkin on top of the half- finished flambé. “No big deal. Easy peasy. I’ll see if I can find someone in the ladies can.”
She was right Mike thought, as he watched her ask the waiter for directions. Not easy. He noticed that Richard wasn’t at the bar anymore. Probably gone out for a smoke. It was annoying that Horatio wouldn’t let anyone leave the operation without some sort of supervision. But in his business the paranoia was understandable. The only times that Mike had to himself were in the privacy of his own room when Richard and Frank were not there and on his three times weekly 3 kilometre jog along the top of the ridge that led to the Morne, the location of Sir Arthur Lewis College, and the origin of the fibre optic cable to the centre. Richard or Frank were both smokers —apparently they decided that smoking was not inconsistent with pumping iron— not joggers, and after following him in the Rover the first few times they had given up and left him to his jog, so he figured Richard had just given up sitting at the bar and gone out for a smoke. 
When Kat came back she was visibly animated. “Order two more Brandies,” she ordered. “I thought of a couple of questions for you.”
He motioned to the waiter. “You look happier than when you left for the can?” he smirked. “ Should I have piss too?”
“Not now,” she ordered, suddenly serious. “Just answer me. You must have a way of getting messages to Ottawa? I know you can’t risk a cell phone. Is there someone you pass messages to?”
Mike thought for a moment. Exposing himself to Kat was one thing, he was leaving anyhow, but he wasn’t sure he trusted her enough to tell her about someone else. He could go halfway. “Yes,” he whispered. “There is someone in the St. Lucia Attorney General’s office I can pass information to. They pass it on to Ottawa —they were in my residence at Concordia. I did accounting and they did law.”
“How do you get information to him?”
“Did I say him?” he smiled. “Old fashioned paper way. Like the stuff in the binder you saw under the bed. I could never copy anything electronically or they would know, so I just wrote stuff down and paper and passed it on.”
“How?”
He smiled, and asked rhetorically. “You know the Rasta lady selling coconut shell jewelry on the beach every Sunday?”
Kate showed her surprise. “Does that mean you can only contract her on Sundays? In two days?”
Mike nodded as the waiter brought the brandy. “Unless there is some sort of emergency, and then I can leave a message at the rum shop on the road to the Morne on my run. The owner’s son is a member of the constabulary.”
“Next question,” she asked in an excited voice. “You said you needed someone with technical skills to get at Horatio’s money?”
“Sure,” he mocked. “Bill Gates would do. And about an hour access to a high speed Mac? Easy peasy as you would say.”
“What could you do?” she asked, emphasizing the could.
“I don’t know,” he offered slightly exasperated. “I suppose since I know where his money ends up I could have it end up somewhere else?” He downed the rest of his brandy in one gulp. “But this is all dreaming Kat. I don’t have either the expertise or the computer.”
“Sure. Sure,” she brushed his pessimism aside. Her brandy was untouched and she shoved her glass to him. “Could you get at the money already there?”
He switched glasses and took a sip of her drink. “Maybe,” he responded thoughtfully. “But again…”
Kat reached over and squeezed his hand. “Mike,” she cooed. “Let’s go for a romantic, moonlight walk on beach. Bring your brandy.” 

Index



BLOG 65: Moonlight sonata…sort of.
9:30 PM Friday, February 7, 2020
Chuck had offered Ratched the seat with an ocean view, so with his back to the ocean, he hadn’t noticed the young, tall, brown skinned young woman who left her partner-lover at their beach side table and made her way to the washroom at the entrance to the restaurant. He had noticed the couple earlier before Ratched joined him, but in the subdued, romantic, light of the far edge of the restaurant floor, there was nothing unusual about their demeanour or presence. As far as he could imagine from the back of her head —and in the dark— the young woman was probably local, and the young man probably a tourist, just one of several similar young couples enjoying a romantic beach side dinner. He and Ratched would certainly be on the older side of the restaurant clients and he wondered where these thirty somethings—or younger—got the money to pay the exorbitant meal prices of the resort. 
Ratched pushed her unfinished desert into the table. “Ok. We have eaten this overpriced food. Goodyear four start for sure. Now. Time to chat. What did you learn today?”
“Yeah. The curry chicken at the marina was better. Why do these places think that they have to avoid anything local and try and replicate the meal these people would get at home? Not much,” Chuck offered as he poured her a glass from the half empty second bottle of an Australian Cabernet. “This morning, I tried the electric company, and the internet provider. As soon as I asked about any extra electricity uses or high speed Internet uses I hit a brick wall. Maybe I even got some suspicious looks. I wonder if after I left someone made a phone call to report an inquisitive old man with a cane and a panama hat? But I didn’t learn a thing that would help us find the call centre. I had a wonderful curry chicken roti at the marina, but then came back to the villa and had a nap. I was exhausted and had a humungous headache.”
“Maybe the humidity here?” she soothed as she sipped her wine. “ Or the travel?”
“Maybe,” he agreed. “Or maybe just my age catching up to all of this shit. But that stuff never bothered me before.” He drank his own wine. “But you clearly have something to tell me?”
They had agreed—or rather she had ordered —that they go their separate ways and do their own investigations during the day and meet at dinner to share information. “The call centre is located in a villa located on a ridge high above the city. There are twenty people that live and work there. They are all foreigners and only leave the site to go to the beach on Sunday or once in a while to a local restaurant. The employees are always watched when they leave the villa. When an individual leaves the employment of the villa…” she paused and took a deep breath and a gulp of wine. “…they seem to just disappear.”
Chuck tried to hold back his surprise at the detail she was telling him. “You mean they fly back to where they came from?”
“That was what my sources assumed,” she answered. “But others wondered about that. So do I.”
“Why?” 
“Chuck,” she responded in a subdued voice. “My daughter was married to this Horatio. And despite the fact that she couldn’t swim, was fat, drug addled and mentally unstable, the police here reported a person lost at sea in a windsurfing accident. And they only offered that because I made official inquiries. What if no one asked where someone went? What if all of these ex-employees could just disappear without anyone knowing what they were doing in the first place? I found out that they get their employees from the backpacker’s hostel. Most of those kids have cut ties with home and would probably never brag about working in a scam operation. In essence, if they wanted to leave the business it would be easy for the operation to assure their privacy with some quiet disappearances?”
“Shit,” he quietly exclaimed. “ How did you find out about all of this?”
“Easy, Chuck,” she announced. “Just ask the right people. The invisible people. I took a bottle of Rum into the service staff change and lunch room —cleaners, maintenance workers, taxi drivers, caddies and so on. There is always some place where these folks gather for a smoke, a meal or just to complain about the work, and this afternoon there were many willing to share some information. One had been a cleaning lady at the villa when it first opened. Another had caddied for this guy Horatio at the golf course. Apparently he is a member here. Another one has a brother who works for the Internet company. In general, a little rum and a little patois and I couldn’t keep them quiet. And it helped that most people thought this guy —and his enforcers—were considered assholes by every local that worked for them.”
“Patois,” Chuck couldn’t hide his surprise. “You speak Patois?”
“Sure,” she laughed. “Mwe chien, ee pas kay modeh U”
“Uh?”
“My dog won’t bite you,” she chuckled. “Useful if you live in a house with a Rottweiler.”
The waitress hovered around their table waiting for an indication that they were finished the main course she had earlier delivered. Both had only picked at their food.”
“I’m impressed Delores. But you mentioned the Internet company?” he inquired.
“Yeah. Apparently the government data communication centre is located at the Morne, the old fort on a mountaintop above the city. It is also the location of the campus of the local college. I visited the service workers as a concerned grandma looking for my granddaughter. I visited the college as a distinguished —and famous if I do say so myself—Physics professor considering moving here for part of the year in retirement and wondering if they could use my help as a part time lecturer. The professor-tour guide was more than willing to share details of the access provided to their state-of-the art computers and by the fibre optic lines that have been installed to there by the government. He assured me there would be no problem with me connecting to my research colleagues around the world. The professor even bragged how the government had now run a fibre optic along the top of the ridge to a call centre business a few kilometres down the road.”
She stopped talking as she saw the distracted look on his face as he looked over her shoulder to the entrance of the restaurant. She turned around and watched as the young woman she had seen earlier enter the restaurant and return to her seat. She watched as Chuck’s and the young woman’s eyes met and shared a clearly surprised pause. The young woman stared at Chuck and gently shook her head before going to her seat.
Chuck restrained his eyes from following her to her seat. “What is that girl doing now?”
“What girl?”
His voice was subdued and subdued. “The girl that just left the can.” 
Ratched tipped her body to better look around Chuck towards the edge of the restaurant and the ocean beyond. “She is sitting down and talking to her partner,” she offered as she squinted to see better through the dim light. Suddenly she smiled “My God Chuck. It that her? Is that Katherine?
“Yeah,” Chuck firmly responded. “That is Kat. Don’t look. Look at me.” 
Ratched reached over and squeezed his hand. “Chuck, she is beautiful. She looks just like Muriel at her age. I should have recognized her when she went into the washroom earlier. And she is clearly safe.” She paused as she watched Kat and Mike. “They are just talking now. What do we do?”
“She clearly didn’t want me to jump up and hug her, so I guess we just watch and wait for her to make a move?”
“OK,” she agreed. “And she certainly doesn’t look like she is in any trouble. In the meantime try and look as normal as possible? So eat your desert. And order a couple of brandies. And don’t turn around. I’ll watch her in my peripheral vision.”
Chuck picked at his crème brule. “I’m having fun, Ratched,” he announced.
“What?” she glanced up and mumbled though a sip of the Brandy.
He put his spoon down and grabbed her attention with his look. “This is much more fun than pickleball, golf or the weekly bridge game. My life since retirement has gradually lost any real meaning. I have sensed that I have become gradually irrelevant to everyone around me. They go about their apparently important lives and most of the time I am just in the way. The only time they pay attention to me is to tell me to do something or tell me I am doing something stupid. I always thought that Brenda and I would become irrelevant together, but even she has moved on. I know that they all love me and so on, but I often feel that if I shuffled off this mortal coil, as the Python guys would say, they would cry and say how much they missed me, but everyone would just carry on with a modicum of relief. You saw how they all reacted when I was in the hospital?”
She took a sip of Brandy. “Well, you are a bit of a pain in the ass Chuck.”
“That’s helpful,” he whined. “I’m trying to share my deepest feelings and fears and you’re so comforting.”
“Save it for your buddies, Chuck,” she lectured. “Like them, you are a privileged white guy who has had life his own way for 70 years. Everyone in your company kissed that annoying, skinny ass of yours and you didn’t even know it. Except when you probably whined about kissing the ass of the similarly privileged honkies above you in the food chain. Now you expect your family to mirror all those employees. Guys like you have created a regular cottage industry for horny Yoga and Pickleball instructors.”
“This is coming from a fake nurse, whose family life is so rewarding she goes looking for a granddaughter she hasn’t seen in 19 years after she abandoned her in the maternity suite?”
“At least I’m honest Chuck,” she shot back. “I know that I have fucked up everything personal in my life. And I admit that my searching for Kat was done in the misguided notion that I could be a better grandmother than mother—or wife.” 
She stopped talking and looked past Chuck towards the Ocean as she downed her brandy. “I’m having fun too Chuck.” 
“All I meant was that hitting bad guys with a cane is much more fun than what my life had become,” he offered.
“I kinda liked the foot stomping myself,” she announced as she looked back at him with a smile.
“Ratched,” he leaned forward and whispered. “My life has been jostled upside down in the past few weeks. Everything I thought was real and important is now mushy. My marriage, my kids, my health. Now I’ve done everything I could do to deceive them and I’ve run away to a Caribbean Island with a woman who I’m learning I don’t really know.” He paused and took a sip of his own drink. “But it seems I like her company.”
She put her glass down. “Save the mush for your blogs, Chuck,” she admonished. “Your anonymous readers will share their sympathy for your confusion. In the meantime, perhaps we should follow them?” She nodded to Kat and Mike. 
Chuck turned around and watched as Kat and Mike got up from their table and said something to the waiter. When they got to the edge of the restaurant floor bedside the beach, they both sat on the concrete and removed their shoes, leaving them neatly beside each other on the concrete. Chuck could just make out an outside shower and foot washing station a few meters into the dark void. Then they turned right and disappeared into the darkness of the beach. He resolved not to share his feelings with this woman again. He laughed to himself as he started to imagine the first blog he would write when all of this was finished. “Right,” he agreed in a low tonal, formal voice. “Just give them a few moments so it doesn’t look like we are following them. She will know we are following and will wait somewhere for us.” He looked away. “We can tell our waiter we are going for a romantic, moonlight walk.”
“Sarcasm suits you,” she shot back. “We can even hold hands as we leave? Really play your fantasy?”
The waitress interrupted his response. They told her they were finished and were going for a stroll before returning for another after dinner drink. Maybe a good Portuguese port, Chuck suggested. She told them there were some flat rocks at the far right end of the beach where couples often sat and enjoyed the moonlight over the bay. Chuck missed the wink she gave Ratched. Chuck followed Ratched as they sauntered to the edge of the beach and left their own shoes on the concrete. He took her hand as they silently disappeared from view into the darkness.

Index



BLOG 66: A Steady diet of creampuffs…
9:45 PM Friday, Feb 7,2020
“Are you sure they will follow us,” Mike asked as they worked their way along the beach to the collection of rocks at the end of the beach. “For that matter are you sure that is actually your grandfather? And who is his date? And who says he can help you or us?
“Yes it him. Too many questions,” she admonished. “Just wait until he finds us and we can chat then.” Kat had told him as they walked down the beach.” She wondered about the woman as well. “I’m sure he—they— will follow us to the end of the beach and you’ll learn everything there. How long to do you think we have before Richard comes after us?”
“Not long Kat,” he suggested. “Or maybe he will have had enough to drink that he will stay comfortably perched on his bar stool, nursing his Heineken and flirting with the bartender. We did leave our shoes there after all, so he could safely figure that we are coming back that way. Who knows?”
“Maybe that bash to the head he took in Toronto will have some effect” she chuckled. “Turn him into a nice guy?” 
“Ha. Maybe,” he smiled. “But I have slept in the same room with him for 6 months now and I can assure you is not a particularly nice person. Frank has bragged that they have done some serious shit.”
“Like what?”
“I think that they had something to do with the previous workers that have left the operation. By my count, four have left over the past six months. One fired for non-productivity, one because she couldn’t stomach the work, and two because they claimed to have made all the money they needed. Horatio actually gave big ‘retirement’ parties for the latter two —booze, food, and the whole thing. I think you were there when he threw the party for Lucy? The thing is, I have trouble seeing Horatio letting the unproductive or the suddenly ethical go with a slap on the back and good wishes. He is paranoid about security, as you know. Remember he took your cell phone?”
“Yeah,” she cautiously replied. “He said I wouldn’t need it here and he would give it back when I wanted to leave.”
“Me too,” he added. “But I have been told that my phone has been used by someone in Montreal.”
“Really,’ She exclaimed. “What does that mean?”
“Not sure. But it looks like he doesn’t intend to return my cell phone, or likely yours or anyone else’s? And when I asked head office to contact Lucy, they couldn’t find her. I thought she might be a good witness. Maybe Horatio did as well?”
“Are you seriously saying that my mom might not be the only accident? That when we are not useful anymore we just go on a windsurfing trip to Nigeria?”
“Did he ask you about your family when he hired you?”
She thought for a moment. “Now that you mention it, he asked some weird questions about how close I was to my family. Or did I have a boyfriend back home? Questions like that.” She suddenly jerked her body. “My God. He was picking people who wouldn’t be missed. The hostel would be the perfect place to find young people like that.”
“In addition,” he added. “I asked my office to probe a little deeper and they found that the legal case for the busted Costa Rica operation was built on the evidence of past employees. Maybe Horatio is plugging that hole this time?”
“Can’t he be charged?” her voice gave away her shock. 
“I have been told that unless I have some concrete evidence —like a body or a witness— to drop that part of my investigation. That investigation belongs to a branch other than the fraud squad. Apparently no one has even reported a missing person? On the other hand, these people could be on a beach in Goa by now?”
“My mom isn’t.”
“And she is officially an unfortunate accident.”
“You think Richard is involved?”
“Makes sense,” he agreed. “ And Frank as well. But I’m hardly in a position to ask them.”
As they reached the end of the beachfront, they found a pile of coral dappled rocks that had been moved there by some long ago effort to create a barrier. In reality, by Royal Decree all beaches on the Island were public, but the pile of rocks made a barrier between the beach- front $1000 a night rooms and the corrugated roofs of a handful of local fishing huts. Signs in the hotel warned of nighttime robberies on the beach if a client walked to closely to the locals, although there had never been such an event in the past 30 years. The ambient light from the hotel mostly fades by this point, and the ocean becomes more visible than the beach as the early moonlight bounces off the waves. “Let’s sit here for a while and wait and see if we are followed,” Mike suggested as he took Kat’s arm and helped her settle onto the wave-smoothed surface of a large rock. “If we are,” he added.
Kat settled onto the rock and put her arm through Mike’s. “If Horatio is such a bad guy, why does he pay for things like this dinner? I know he has done the same for others. And Richard looked quite at home at that bar?”
Yeah,” he agreed. “ It is weird. Almost like he is being paternal. You know, like giving the car keys to his 16-year-old child? But we are all adults, so I think that it is more about control. He controls when and where we go out and who chaperones us.”
“Shhh,” she suddenly squeezed his arm. “I hear someone coming.”
Both stood up and craned their necks into the darkness as if an inch closer to the sound would make a difference. They heard them before they saw them, but Kat shook herself free from Mike’s arm, ran through the sand to the figures appearing in the dark and threw herself into the arms of the white man dressed in a palm tree decorated shirt, white linen pants and a Panama hat. The cane he carried dropped to ground as he returned the hug.
“I knew you would come Gramps,” she exclaimed through a voice muffled by the neck her face had was snuggled into.
He gradually pushed away and looked her up and down, and glanced behind her to Mike. “Kat,” he admonished. “ You don’t appear to be in any danger?”
“Gramps,” she laughed as she pushed herself away, still holding onto his fore arms. “ I didn’t lead you here to save me. I want you to help me. I knew that the first place you would go was the university and you would find Rebecca and she would tell you where and why I had gone.”
“Well,” he laughed. “It wasn’t quite the direct line that you intended. But we are here now.” He gently pulled Ratched closer so that Kat could see her. “This is Delores, Kat. She has been helping me.”
“Nice to meet you Katherine,” Ratched cautiously replied with no offer of a handshake. “Nice place you eat at here? She waived her hand back towards the restaurant. “Looks like you led a life of a steady diet of creampuffs.”
“And this is Mike,” Kat ignored the comment as she dragged Mike from the shadows. “He works with me—and the Mounties.” Kat could sense their surprise. 
“Nice to meet you, Sir. You as well ma’am. With no green flash though,” Mike piped from the shadows. “But we don’t have time for introductions right now. Our chaperone will miss us soon. Where are you staying?” 
“Here,” Chuck answered. “We have a villa up the hill behind the resort. A Mountie?”
“Ha,” Ratched mimicked. “How does a young Mountie read Herman Wouk?
“I read it as part of my preparation for this assignment. Does anyone know you are here? Can they trace you to Kat?”
“What?” Ratched interjected. “You choose a book written in the 60s written by a German white man about the quaint, but useless locals he had to endure as a hotel owner?”
“Paired it with Austin Clarke,” Mike retorted. “That gives perspective. You might try that sometime. But we don’t have time for this. Can you be traced?”
“Not that we know of,” Ratched bristled as she replied. “I have put all expenses on my card. No one knows me.”
Kat was confused by the woman’s behavior. Clearly she was close to Chuck. While she couldn’t make out the details of her face, she had seen him drop the woman’s hand. Her response to Mike suggested some spunk, some education and some Caribbean history although she didn’t detect an accent. Now she hears that ‘they’ have a villa. She didn’t like the way the woman talked to Mike. “That sounds convenient,” she snapped. “Maybe we could all meet there and have a party. Room service and all.”
“Enough,” Chuck intervened. “There is obviously much for us all to share at some point. But right now I need to know the basics of the plan for leaving here. How can we help?”
Kat and Mike looked at each other. “Plan?” Kat offered after a moment’s silence. “I thought you would have one?”

Index



BLOG 67: The best-laid plans…
10:15 PM, Friday, February 7, 2020
Mike and Kat slowly worked their way back to the restaurant over the sand and through the dim light of the ocean reflected moonlight. The brightly lit restaurant, one side totally open to the sea, was a beacon for their journey and both scanned the wide entrance for any sign of Richard, but there was still no sign of him as they washed the sand off their feet on the outdoor shower and put on their sandals.
“Maybe he didn’t even notice us from the bar?” Kat speculated.
“He’s not even at the bar,” Mike observed as pointed to the stand-up bar at the back of the restaurant. “Maybe he is out at the Rover having a smoke. We can go out there and he would never know we left the place.”
“And draw him away from Chuck and his friend,” she added.
When they went to the parking lot beside the golf course they couldn’t find the Land Rover and the parking attendant told them the car had left in a hurry about an hour ago and hadn’t returned.
“Let’s wait on the bench at the roundabout and chat for a while,” Mike suggested. “If he doesn’t show soon we can grab a cab.”
“Do you think the plan might work?” 
“The Delores woman makes sense, Kat,” he suggested. “I have the data, your Grandfather has the technical smarts and the fibre optic line starts at the Morne. If it all came together the plan could work.”
“I’m not sure I like her,” Kat offered. “She was rude to you. And she seems to control Gramps. I’ve never seen anyone control him like that. It was almost like he was asking her permission before he said anything.”
“He’s old Kat,” Mike proposed. “He’s allowed to be quiet—and maybe a little subservient?”
“Ha,” she laughed. “I wouldn’t suggest that opinion to Chuck if I were you. He made it here didn’t he? It will be his smarts that will make this plan work isn’t it?” She paused. “I’m just saying that he didn’t’ quite seem himself back there.” 
He reached over an squeezed her hand. “I would guess that they have a few questions about us as well Kat? Did you see the look on his face when you sprung the Mountie thing? And I didn’t mind the banter with her. I think for some reason she surmised that we have a relationship and she was simply being protective of you.”
She squeezed back. “Well our relationship is none of her business. So what’s your plan,” she asked as they sat down on the concrete bench near the cabstand and the roundabout. “I mean how are you going to get stuff to Gramps?”
“As we agreed, I’ll go for jog tomorrow to the Morne and meet him there. I can give him the banking details —the routing and the money destination. The woman says there is a high speed connection and computer there that he can use.”
“Can he do it?”
“If he knows the hacking business it certainly isn’t hard. But he would have to remember a lot of dark web information. And it is very illegal,” he added. “I’d have to arrest him if he did it Canada.”
“He’ll have no trouble with the memory issue. But what about giving all the money back to people who have been scammed?”
“We both have our lists, Kat, but finding all of those people would take days of work and much sleuthing. I’m going home this week,” he reminded her. “ And I doubt your grandfather would be allowed to sit at that computer for more than an hour or so. That will have to wait.”
“What about the operation? Horatio?” she tried not to sound desperate or disappointed.
“I think I have enough information to get him shut down,” he suggested. “My friend here in St. Lucia says that when asked by Canada, they will take action on him.”
“Why Canada? Can’t they just do it themselves?”
“They haven’t had any information suggesting that he runs anything other than a legitimate call centre. Not that they have looked very hard. And all of his scam victims are North American so they need an official complaint from there to act.”
“And your bosses have been waiting to act until you got the data needed to get him for more than a scamming call centre?”
“Right,” Mike replied. “And I haven’t been able to do that. So they will settle for shutting him down I guess?”
“And in the meantime he has scammed several million from innocent people in Canada and the U.S. Wonderful,” she chided.
“What about you, Kat? Are you going to go home with your Grandpa?”
“Mike, I can’t just let him get away with the disappearance of my Mother.” Kat paused and stared into the blackness of the golf course across the road from the taxi stand. “Something has happened to Richard. Let’s grab one of those cabs over there.”
The cab driver knew they were from the villa before they asked him if he knew the address. “No worries, Mon,” he offered as he grinded the 10 year old Kia into gear and raced up the steep grade of the road exiting the resort. “My Uncle lives on the road that runs along the top of the ridge. Think I even saw you running the road one day?” he offered as he turned and looked at Mike? “I used to jog. Bad back now though.”
Kat wondered when the 50 year old, clearly overweight man ever jogged. “Did you see a Rover leave before?”
“Richard you mean? Yeah he took off an hour or so ago. In a real hurry too. Left you stranded?”
“You know him?” Mike was not surprised.
“Sure,” he laughed. “Bad loser. Plays poker with us cabbies on Sunday afternoons and always loses. Even hires some of our guys for special jobs.”
“Special jobs?”
“Yeah,” he added. “Like picking up kids from your villa to take them to the airport. I’ve never done it, but he pays big time to the guys that do it.”
“Do what?” Mike probed again.
The cab driver was suddenly silent. 
“Do what?” Mike insisted.
“Look,” he answered. “ I mind my own business. I got a kid that wants to go to the U.W.I in Barbados. Missed the opportunity myself. Wanted to study Biology but my parents couldn’t afford it so I still do this—drive a beat up cab and mind my own business.”
After working their way through the city’s maze of interconnected roads that led to the slope and roads twisting up towards the ridge where the villa was located, they were on the steep, switch back road snaking its way up the escarpment. Mike was about to question him further when they almost crashed into another vehicle racing down the hill from the top. “Fuck,” the driver yelled as he ran the Kia’s left wheel into the ditch on the downhill side of the road, yanking the wheel to the right when the vehicle passed them, pulling the car back onto the road. 
“That was Richard in the Villa’s Rover,” Kat yelled as she turned around and watched the red taillights of the car disappear around the next curve. “With all of the security people in it.”
“Well, Richard or not,” the driver angrily retorted as he stopped the car on the side of the road. “That asshole almost ran us off the road and we would have ended up bouncing all the way down to the town square. You guys Ok?”
“Fine,” Mike offered. “Good recovery.”
“Yes fine,” Kat added. “Great driving. What’s your name?”
“Henry, Ma’am,” he smiled. “Henry Compton.”
“Henry. Could you do me a couple of favors?”
“Sure?” He hesitated. “Maybe.”
“If Richard comes looking for someone to do one of those special runs to the airport could you take the job?”
Henry started the drive up the hill again. “Probably. At my age I have some seniority. But I’m not sure I want to get involved in that stuff. If he is paying that amount it must be shady.”
“But could you do it?”
“I suppose I could risk it? Who will it be for?” he asked as they pulled into the parking spot at the villa entrance. Mike reached into his pocket for some money. Henry waived him away. “Don’t worry about that, man. This place has a tab at the resort.” 
“Me,” Kat replied. “ It will be a call to pick up me.”
“What else?” Henry probed. “You said favors.”
“There is a senior couple staying at the resort. One a white man with a cane and the other a black woman —a little younger than him.”
“Yeah,” Henry offered. “ I saw them. And she had lunch with the staff today. Nice lady. Real friendly and respectful. She asked some questions about the villa here.”
“Well, could you watch out for them? Make sure they don’t get into any trouble?”
“You mean with Richard the asshole?”
“Maybe.”
“Sure,” Henry acquiesced. “I’ll keep an eye out for them.”
Mike gave her a surprised look as they got out of the cab and climbed the stairs to the Villa entrance. “What are you thinking Kat?”
She didn’t have a chance to answer as the door opened and they were surprised to see Dumont still awake and standing at the open door. “Have a good evening lovebirds?” he asked as he stood aside and let them inside the great room. “Sorry you had to cab it, but Richard had some other business to attend to. He had a small score to settle.”
Kat gave Mike a concerned glance. She realized that Richard must have recognized Chuck and Ratched and had come back for some help to go after them. She hoped that they had gotten off the beach. They were both surprised to see all of the staff and the consultants gathered at their workstations in the great room at almost midnight on a Friday night. 
“Have a seat lovebirds,” Horatio ordered as both Kat and Mike went to their usual workstations. “I have an announcement.” He paused while everyone was quiet. “It seems that the long arm of the Canadian law has reached down to the sunny shores of this Island. They don’t have any jurisdiction down here, but they could cause some embarrassment to our friends here. And if they get embarrassed they might not be as friendly. So, we are going to suspend the lucrative part of our business for a while. As you know, we actually do have a legitimate customer service call centre contract with Black and Decker. For the rest of this week you will be answering calls for them. The owner’s manuals for their products are all on your computers so you can study them and answer questions as detailed as you want. But the final answer, of course, is always …”we suggest you take the item back to your retailer.” Of course the retailer will tell them to call us—and on and on until the customer gives up. Got that?”
Everyone looked at each other and nodded.
“Any questions?”
Miranda raised her hand. “What about our pay?” 
“I’ll let you know,” he suggested. “But I will pay more for any customer that doesn’t call back.”
“How long will we be offline?” One of the lottery scam men asked.
“Until Richard ensures that the visitors don’t get near us. All day tomorrow to be safe. Now go get some sleep and we will start being legitimate tomorrow morning.”
Kat didn’t look at Mike as she started to follow Gina and Miranda as everyone went to their rooms. Before she closed the door she watched as Richard stormed back into the great room. “You stupid fucks,” Horatio screamed as he heaved a binder against the stone wall in the operation room. “What do you mean you left them at the resort?”

Index



BLOG 68: Love it when a plan comes…
10:45 PM, Friday, February 7, 2020
After Mike and Kat left them on the beach, Chuck and Ratched sat on the wave sculptured rock, giving them time to get back to the restaurant before they were missed or before anyone associated the two couples. Ratched broke the silence.
“She is safe Chuck.”
“Yeah,” he replied. “We should just bundle her up and get her back home. That’s why I came anyhow. I don’t know about you? But then you haven’t seen her in almost 20 years have you?”
Ratched ignored his comment. “She’s so much like her mother. The good things anyway—stubborn, smart, resolved. At least the good things when directed to the right purpose.” She paused, lost in thought. “Chuck, she will never just leave now. She could have done that anytime she wanted. She wants some kind of justice for a mother she hasn’t seen for over 20 years.”
“So we have gone from rescuing grandparents to complicit crooks?” he suggested. “What they are asking us to do is totally illegal, even though the Robin Hood motive might get me only 5 years instead of 20.”
“But you can do it?”
“Sure. With the right technology and a few hours, I can hack into the Panama bank that Mike says he can identify. And from there I could move funds to our own account somewhere—maybe Caymans or Antigua?—and then give the money back to the marks one at a time. But hacking into a bank, even a foreign one, is a serious and quite discoverable crime in Canada. There are hermetically sealed rooms in every bank head office where young geeks like Mike sit and scour the ether for crooks trying to do just that. I’d be nailed within a day.”
“What if you did it from here?”
“Well they aren’t likely doing the same level of Internet supervision as Canada. That’s why the scam operation can work here. But I’d need more than your iPhone 8, Delores. And a faster connection than Koodoo international.”
“As I told them, I think I can take care of that,” she offered. “But let’s get back to the villa and chat more.”
They worked their way back through the sand and the darkness to the restaurant, their shoes and the villa. Back at the villa, Chuck poured them each three fingers of the Highland Park 12 year old he had bought at duty free and they settled onto the lounge chairs overlooking the small serenity pool and the resort below. Like most of the villas, theirs was perched on the hillside overlooking the first tee box and the ninth green of the golf course, the resort entrance and the dark ocean beyond. The turquoise tinted light from the dip pool gave their faces a ghostly glow.
“Is that why you told Mike to meet you at the Morne tomorrow? I’m guessing there is a computer somewhere there?”
“Right. As he told us, he can get away from the estate when he goes for his jog. And he will bring his own list of victims when he meets us and, added to the list that Kat gave us on the beach, you would have a list of people to send their money back?”
Chuck paused as he thought about her question. “No,” he finally announced. “It could take hours to find the number of the victims that they have listed. In some cases Kat’s list only shows phone numbers and names, no email or address. It could take days to track down the information needed to send them back the money.”
“So it can’t be done?”
“Not here and not quickly,” he offered. “ But once we have the money somewhere, then it is not illegal to send it to people. Why don’t we do the bank hacking here, and then do all of the disbursement when we get home and have the time and the hardware? Mike could use Mountie resources to help us find addresses and such?”
“How long will the hacking take?”
“Once I am on a good machine? Download some hacking software from the Dark Web? Ten minutes. Get into the bank’s records? Maybe 15. Establish an Antiguan —or somewhere—account? Either a bank or maybe at an online gambling site? Maybe Bitcoin? Another 20. Move the money? Ten seconds. So?” he speculated as he sipped his drink. “I’m a little rusty at all of this, and I have never done it for real, just as part of a security simulation at work five years ago. But I think if you got me an uninterrupted hour and I can clean out his account.”
“So you can remember all of this and you can’t remember you credit card password?” she joked.
“Yes, Jane,” he replied. “The mind is strange machine. But I have another question for you. Why didn’t you tell her you were her grandmother?”
Ratched was silent as she sipped her own drink. “Wasn’t the time, Chuck,” she finally offered. “What if she hates me for abandoning her 20 years ago?” 
“Shit,” Chuck interrupted. “Look down there.” He sat up straight and pointed to the circular driveway at the front of the brightly lit restaurant entrance.
Ratched hoisted herself up from the lounger and squinted over the railing in time to see four men —two white and two black—disgorge from a Land Rover and huddle under the lights of the entrance. “Isn’t that the jerk that I foot stomped?”
“Yup,” he agreed. “He’s still limping. And that’s the one I five ironed on the chin. I can see the plaster on his chin.”
“Think they are here for diner?” she smirked.
“I think we had better get the fuck out of here. Someone at dinner must have recognized us.”
“Gee,” she suggested as she finished her drink. “ I would have thought that a stumpy black woman having dinner with an old white man in a white Panama hat and sporting a cane would be an indistinguishable disguise in this country. Sometimes you are indeed cognitively declined. Grab your clothes and don’t forget the scotch.”
The Resort parking lot was across from the registration entrance and circular drive, squeezed between the tennis complex and the pro-shop for the nine hole golf course. It wasn’t a large space since few patrons needed a car. Most guests never left the resort grounds, preferring to isolate from the cultural cacophony of the Caribbean Island. For those that did adventure out it would be by cab or shuttle to the other golf course at the north end of the Island or to one of the high end restaurants that had not yet closed down due to the increasing conversion of the Island’s resorts to all-inclusive. When guests have already payed for meals at their resort they were reluctant to pay again somewhere else, no matter how ‘quality starred’ a place claimed to be. The most popular shuttle from the resort was to the supposedly duty free shopping area that had been established in the wharf area to ensure that the cruise ships puked their passengers into the Island economy. Apparently the duty free diamond business remained healthy even during the worst of the economies. However, despite strong opposition from the duty free entrepreneurs, after the February outbreaks of a virus on cruise ships— the local newspaper had reported that there were infected passengers on three ships in Japan, China and Cambodia—the Island government was currently debating preventing any further docking of ships until it was clear the virus wouldn’t spread here. But At 11:00 PM the two Resort labelled Mercedes shuttle vans were silently parked beside each other at the back of the parking lot facing the ninth hole of the golf course. 
Delores had parked their Corolla rental in the space next to the shuttle vans, leaving enough space for both doors to open without conflict. She settled herself into the driver’s seat and popped the trunk for Chuck to load their small travel bags. She turned her head as she heard a thump from the trunk at the same time as her driver’s door was yanked open. She only caught a brief glance of the scowling, white face of the man before he gripped the collar of her blouse and yanked her out of the seat. The force of the yank pushed her upper body ahead of her lower and she tumbled onto the asphalt at the feet of her assailant. 
“Get up bitch,” Richard ordered. 
Delores slowly moved from her hands and knees to a standing position. She could feel that her knees were skinned from the drop to the asphalt and the slight breeze on her neck indicated that the man had ripped the back of her blouse. When she was standing, she noticed the large plaster on his chin and instantly recognized him as the man that Chuck had ripped with his cane. Suddenly the man roughly turned her shoulders and jammed her against the car, holding her head tightly against the hood of the car. With her head turned toward the back of the car she could see that the thump she had heard was Chuck being forced head first down onto the top of the trunk. Their eyes couldn’t meet since his head was pointing towards the centre of the parking lot.
“What are we supposed to do with them?” the man holding Chuck’s head asked. “Are they really cops?”
“Horatio said they were sent from one of the competitors in Montreal,” Richard explained. “Horatio said sending a message might be a good idea.”
“Like beat them up or something you mean?”
As he held Delores’ head firmly against the car’s roof, Richard turned his head to the two other men —boys?—that had come with them to the resort. They were both local security personnel, hired by Horatio to guard the villa against locally petty theft. They were both gangsta dressed in too large and wide pants for their slender, late teen bodies. They both had white shirts open at the neck exposing loops of gold chain jewelry. They stood wide eyed beside each other. Assaulting tourists in the resorts parking lot had not been in their tough guy fantasies. “Maybe cut off a finger or two,” Richard suggested. “That sends a message. Do either of you yokels have a knife?”
“If they do, their mommy and daddy would be pissed,” a voice announced from the dark shadow between the pro shop and the parking lot. “Randal and Job,” the voice continued as it moved closer to the car. “I suggest you two boys take your Halloween costumes to some other party before I tell your Momma what you are doing here.”
The two boys looked at each other and turned at the same time. They walked backward, slowly at first until they were at the entrance to the parking lot. And then they turned and Delores could hear their feet running.
Richard and Frank were both surprised into silence as they squinted into the darkness to see two large, black men emerge from the edge of the darkness of the golf course into the light of the lot and into both Delores’ and Chuck’s head twisted vision. Both had a golf club in their hand, hanging down along their right leg. Delores recognized the men from her lunch with the resort staff. One she remembered was an older taxi driver who had provided details about the location of the villa.
The older taxi driver tapped the golf iron against his leg. “I suggest that you leave these two folks alone. Missing white fingers wouldn’t be good for tourism on the island.”
“What do I do Richard?” Frank asked, still holding Chuck’s head against the top of the trunk. “I can’t fight these old guys while holding onto this jerk.”
“Where’s your gun?”
“It’s in the Rover. Didn’t think it was wise to take it into the restaurant.”
Richard was silent for a moment, clearly calculating his odds of winning this battle. If they let the old guy and the woman go then it would be four on two. They were all old people so one on one it should not be a problem. But he had already seen what the two fake cops could do and he was wary of the golf clubs the two men were holding. “Shit,” he offered as he made one extra push of Delores’s head against the car before he let her go and backed off. “Not done with you two yet,” he whispered.
Frank copied Richard actions. He banged Chuck’s head against the trunk and backed away from the car.
“You might tell your boss to take his gangster moves to some other island,” the taxi driver offered as Richard and Frank backed away towards the Rover parked sideways at the entrance to the parking lot.
“You folks Ok?” the second man approached Reid.
“My knees are scraped,” Reid announced as she wiped some blood off with a Kleenex. “A little embarrassed, but Ok I think.”
Chuck appeared disoriented and was silent as he stood at the back of the car staring at the two men.
Reid walked to the trunk and grabbed Chuck’s arm. “Chuck. You Ok?”
Chuck shook his head like he was shaking water from his head after a shower. “What?”
“You alright?” she repeated.
Chuck reached up to his forehead and his fingers came away with blood on them. “Shit,” my forehead hurts. He didn’t have to do that. I didn’t need another crack on the head.”
“I’m Henry and this is my colleague Justin,” the older of the two black men offered. “We are taxi drivers stationed at the resort. Do you need to go to the hospital?”
Chuck shook his head back and forth again. “No. Thanks. I’ll be Ok in a moment.” He paused and seemed to notice Reid holding on to his arm for the first time. “You Ok Delores?”
“Just some scraped knees Chuck,” she offered with a worried scowl. “Why don’t you sit down on the bench in front of the resort for a moment.”
“I wouldn’t wait too long,” Henry suggested. “I doubt those assholes will give up easily on whatever they had in mind for you two. You had best get going somewhere.”
Reid walked over to the men and shook both their hands. “Thank you for intervening. How did you know we were in trouble?”
“I gave a couple of nice young kids a ride earlier and they asked me to keep a look out for you. I saw you coming down the stairs from your villa in a hurry. And I know that guy Richard is bad business. So Justin and I just came over to check on you. Glad we did.”
“That was Katherine and Mike,” Chuck explained. “She is my granddaughter. Shouldn’t we call the police?”
“That’s nice,” Henry offered. “A granddaughter. Most of the police here are good and honest, but I wouldn’t take a chance that whoever wanted you hurt doesn’t have a link to somewhere in the police. I think the best idea is for you folks to get out of here before they return with more reliable help than those two kids. They aren’t bad kids by the way. Just kids looking for some pocket money so they can be kids. They go to my church. The problem is that I think that they know your car now, so you won’t be too hard to find on a small island no matter where you go. So why don’t you take my car?” He pointed to a rust diseased Austin sedan parked in the farthest corner of the lot. “Do you drive a standard? Most young people can’t.”
“You bet,” Chuck confirmed.
Henry tossed the keys to Reid rather than Chuck. “You can bring it back before you leave the Island. And go to this place for the night.” He handed Reid a business card with the name of a resort. The Western Winds Resort, Rodney Bay, St. Lucia. An Island map on the back of the card showed the location. “My cousin runs the place. I’ll call and she will be expecting you and will keep your location secret. Tomorrow you might think about going home?”
“Thank you Henry,” Chuck offered his hand. “I don’t know how we can pay you back.”
“Just be safe my friend. Now let me see you start and drive that old Austin beauty over there. Five on the floor, electronic overdrive. Used to be a police car you know?” 
Reid drove the Austin through the nighttime quiet city, and after 10 kilometers, pulled into a road leading to the small, non-chain, beachfront hotel that Henry had sent them to. The villas were all small thatched roof casitas and Ratched booked and paid for the last one available. “It includes breakfast,” she joked as they parked the car in front of the casita veranda. “But the place only has one queen bed and no sofa bed. I guess you will have to sleep in the car.”
“Tell me again how are we going to do all of this,” Chuck asked as they resumed their previous sitting arrangement on the casita veranda with two new glasses of the Highland Park. “It is now almost midnight. I’m exhausted. My head is on fire. Full. And slightly drunk. I’m confused and haven’t quite processed the plan.”
“Yeah,” she replied. “Well you had an afternoon nap Chuck. I worked all day. And my knee burns. Our part is clear. I’m not sure about theirs. We get the banking information from Mike tomorrow at noon. You do your finger magic on a state of the art Mac. We fly home on the next plane tomorrow afternoon.” She paused and sipped her drink. “Before band aid face finds us again. Are you still Ok to do all of that Chuck?” She wasn’t clear on the effects of the slam on the trunk on Chuck’s head.”
“”Ok about what?”
Reid threw a pillow from the chesterfield at him.
“I’m fine,” he laughed. “But now we will have to watch out for those thugs. Did you hear his comment about us being from the ‘competition’? What did he mean?”
“Not sure,” she offered. “But it appears that our cop cover is blown. At least it doesn’t look like they have linked you—or me—to Kat. Speaking of Kat, What about them?”
“They should come with us?” she suggested. “If this operation links them to us then they will be in trouble. Mike can do his police thing back in Canada. Shut the operation down? Get Horatio arrested? Maybe investigated for murder?”
“He said some exposure would just make Horatio close up and move on,” Chuck reminded her. “But there was no evidence for an arrest for financial crimes or murder. I’m not sure that Kat will be satisfied with him just losing a little money and being forced to move his operation.”
Ratched put her glass down on the glass-topped coffee table and reached over and touched his arm. “Neither will I Chuck. He murdered my daughter. I’m tired. Let’s go to bed.”

Index




BLOG 69: Confusion…
8:30 AM Saturday, February 8, 2020
Kat was the first in the breakfast room on Saturday morning. She had sat by the window watching the sunrise over the tops of the coconut trees that carpeted her view of the western ocean. She had slept very little, her mind racing between worries for Chuck—and the lady with him—and continuing to put together her plan. Before she left the hotel last night she had started a plan in her mind to use herself as a way to expose Horatio. If there was truth to the theory that the operation was indeed the Hotel California—you can check in but you can’t leave—and Horatio has some way of having people disappear, then the best way to find out was for her to leave. Her mother probably disappeared the same way. Henry Compton’s anecdote about cabbies making extra money added a scene to her plan and she was quick to put that piece in place. If a taxi driver carries her to her disappearance, it would at least be one she suspects is honest. In fact, while she couldn’t be sure, sleepless at 3 AM she figured out that it was unlikely the hotel cabbies were complicit in murders, so they are just a façade to make it look like the departing consultant is going to the airport. She could imagine everyone on the driveway hugging and waving as she gets into the taxi and leaves. She guessed that the driver would be told to not take her to the airport, but to take her somewhere else—maybe somewhere close to the airport to wait for her flight. And then something would happen to them there. She was confident there would be the answers she wanted at that ‘somewhere else’ place. She hadn’t yet figured out how to avoid disappearing like the others once she was there. It would be something of a pyrrhic victory to learn how he got rid of her mother and then not be able to tell anyone.
“You’re early,” Horatio abruptly announced as he poured a coffee and sat in his usual chair at the head of the table. He checked the sheet of papers in front of him. “You are going to be assigned customer service for Goodbubble Kettles this week. Have fun. Real pieces of junk from China.”
Kat sat at her own seat. “Horatio,” she announced. “I have decided to go back to Canada. There is a 6 PM flight today to Toronto. I’d like to be on it.”
Horatio looked up from his paper and leaned back in his chair as he sipped his coffee. ”That would be a complication right now Kat.”
“What do you mean by complication?”
“As I told you last night, some Canadian cops are out there snooping around. Until Richard and Frank find them today, I think it best everyone stays put. Wouldn’t want anyone to think you were a snitch would we? Wouldn’t look good if you left now would it?”
“I don’t care Horatio,” Kat tried to hide a reaction to the ‘snitch’ comment and used her firmest voice, trying not to show her relief that Chuck and the lady hadn’t yet been found, or that he didn’t yet know they weren’t police —at least Chuck wasn’t, she suddenly thought. “I’m leaving this afternoon.”
“Where are you going to go? You told me that stupid grandfather of yours is the only family you have left and he is not going to exactly welcome you home when he figures out you are a scammer.”
“Just travel,” she calmly offered. “I might stay with a university friend in Toronto and then maybe do the Europe thing? Thanks to you I have some money now.”
Some other consultants started to enter the room and greet Kat and Horatio. Kat had left Gina and Miranda buried soundly in a Mount Gay supported sleep, so the early arrivers were the ones who spent their Friday night more conservatively. Richard and Frank entered the room, filled their travel mugs with coffee and after a glance in Horatio’s direction they stormed out the door. Mike followed them into the room, got his own coffee and sat in his own usual chair on Horatio’s left side. 
“Morning Mike,” Horatio offered. “Your lover here just told me she is leaving this afternoon. You plan on going with her?” 
Mike made no attempt to hide his surprise—not at the fact that she announced she was leaving, but at what he suddenly realized she was trying to do. “No,” he asserted as he stared at Kat. “I’m not going anywhere. And thanks for dinner last night by the way. At least that was a pleasant surprise.”
“Ha!” Horatio laughed. “A lover’s quarrel. You’re welcome Mike. Glad it worked out. I like to take care of my family. Well, let the girl go Mike,” he advised. “There are more where she came from and I have important work for you to do.”
“When are you going?” Mike asked in a quiet, sombre and angry voice.
“This afternoon, “she told him. “On the 6 PM flight.”
“I’ll get a taxi for you at two, Katherine,” Horatio announced dismissively. “Pack your bag. Have a good trip. Now let us get on with our breakfast and our work.” 
By the time she got back to her room Gina and Miranda were awake and quickly dressing so as not to be late for breakfast. “You didn’t wake us,” Miranda challenged. “Horatio will be pissed if we are late.”
Kat ignored her. “I’m leaving today. Going home—to Canada.”
Gina and Miranda stopped dressing and make up and looked at each other. “Leaving?” Gina repeated.
“Taxi at two today. Flight at 6.” She announced. “It was fun ladies, but I’ve got enough money so I am going to travel some more.”
Miranda recovered from her first shock at the announcement. “Well, have a good life Kat.” She walked over and hugged Kat. “ Pleasure working with you girl. Just stay away from China. I hear on the news that they got some bad bugs there.” She laughed.
“See ya kid. Take care,” Gina offered her own hug and then both were gone from the room.
Kat sat on the window sill again and thought about what she had done. She was hopeful, at least, that it would be Henry Compton who would pick her up. But after that she didn’t really have a plan. She knew that Mike was going to go on his daily run at lunch and meet Chuck and the lady —a cop?—at the computer lab at the College at the Morne. He would give Chuck the banking details and then turn around and run back before anyone was the wiser. Hopefully, by the time Henry was picking her up Chuck will have done his finger magic and Horatio will suddenly be broke. She wondered how long it would take Horatio to learn that he had been hacked? Mike was certainly going to have to get away before then. What about the beach Rasta lady? Could she help? Her mind raced everywhere; partly in frustration that there was nothing she could do for the next few hours, partly in confusion that the pieces were too complicated for her to put together into a feasible plan. 
She sat on her bed in the corner of the room, and in her exhaustion and confusion, fell asleep beside her packed bag. 

Index




BLOG 70: Finger Magic…
Noon, Saturday, February 8, 2020
 The Morne, as it is simply referred to by the locals, is a hill —mountain would be too grand a label—located south and high above the capital city. Originally known as Morne Dubuc, it was renamed Morne Fortuné in 1765 when the French moved their military headquarters and government administration buildings there and constructed a fort. The fort was first captured by the British in 1794, but recaptured by the French in June 1795. Then the British captured it again in 1796. Residents who garden on the slopes of the hill still find rusted cannon balls and grape shot pushed up by the earth trying to spit up the 300 year history of the French-English conflict. The original fortifications still stand on the summit, and the old military buildings are in a listed historical area, although today filled with a cluster of educational purposes rather than military ones. 
They had spent a restless morning hidden at the thatch roofed resort. The owner had brought them a full breakfast of a variety of fruit, eggs, and toast made with the best home-made bread Chuck had ever tasted. There was a larger bowl of a jam made with some fruit he didn’t recognize. And coffee. Lots of coffee. Henry’s cousin had explained that it was best for them to stay hidden as two men had already been to the resort looking for an old couple. The Austin was parked in plain sight in the small parking lot so they figured that no one had yet linked Henry’s car to the two of them, so they felt confident that they could make it to the Morne undetected. At 11:00 AM they left the Inn, and Ratched drove while she made Chuck lie down on the back seat. “No one will look sideways at a local woman driving an old Austin,” she had suggested. “But an old white man passenger will send the coconut telegraph buzzing.”
“I’m going to park in the area beside the memorial of the 1796 battle,” Ratched suggested. “They might have figured out by now that we using Henry’s old Austin, so we can walk the 100 metres to the College building. The memorial is also where I told Mike to meet us to give us the banking information you asked for. And leave the Panama and cane, Chuck. Too colonial for a modern college environment.”
“Is that where the computer is located? I’ll feel naked.”
“Yeah,” she answered as she swerved the Austin into a grassy, weed choked, parking spot beside the memorial. “They have a dedicated, air conditioned room for faculty to use for research. It connects to the government fibre optic cable that runs from the communication tower over there.” She pointed to the tips of an array of communication structures poking up from the north side of the hill. “Over there by the Government House. Dr. Delores Braithwaite—famous Physics professor—has booked the room for two hours at noon. I hope that is enough time.”
“You have never told me what your specialty is?” he asked as they sat beside each other on the hood of the car waiting for Mike. “Black holes or something?”
“Ha,” she laughed. “Good old Stephen Hawking. Suddenly everyone has black holes in their lexicon. Close. String theory.”
“Like how to best tie up a Christmas package to mail to your Grandchildren?”
“Close again,” she quipped. “But that would probably be more useful. There is Mike now.”
Chuck looked towards the gravel road that emerged from the south side of the hill. He assumed that the road twisted its way back over the ridge that led from the Morne to the Villa three kilometres away. He watched as Mike stopped 100 metres away from them and leaned over gasping, resting his hand on his knees as if he was catching his breath. Chuck noticed him glancing back along the road as he rested. “Good cop,” he whispered to Ratched. “Checking for a tail.”
Mike was apparently satisfied that he wasn’t being followed and he continued his run towards the memorial and their car. “Here is all I have,” he offered without a greeting, only slightly out of breath. “It shows the whole bank routing of the money picked up in Canada —or sent by a buyer of data— and the destination bank in Panama. I don’t know what happens to the money after it gets there.” He glanced nervously behind him. “Good luck. They know about you guys. They think you are cops so they have put the business on hold this week. They —the whole island—are looking for you. You might ditch the Panama hat and the cane. And Kat has told him she is leaving today. A cab is picking her up at two. You have to follow that cab.”
“Shit,” Chuck said, “She is using herself as a guinea pig to trap them.”
“Looks like it,” Mike announced as he glanced nervously behind him again. “I have to go. Just follow her and the cab.”
They watched him disappear around the same corner where he arrived. 
“Chuck glanced at his watch. “Let’s go. We have less than two hours to get this done and find Kat.”
Like most of the other education purposed buildings on the Morne, the College building still oozed the combined flavors of colonialism and war that the modern renovations couldn’t totally dissolve. The Director of the centre met them warmly in the cavernous, cafeteria with its 300 year old stone walls. Ratched introduced Chuck as a colleague from Calgary. She led them to the computer centre, wishing them good research, and if they needed any help she would be lunching in the cafeteria.
There was a bank of six workstations in the 100 metre square room, all umbilicaled to a central storage and processor that Chuck assumed was linked to the outside by one of the bundle of cables disappearing through a hole chipped out in the stone wall. He guessed that the room was something of a throwback to the time when a company’s workstations were all connected to a central processor for control, data storage and power. Modern offices are all independent workstations, cloud connected rather than cable connected, so the room wasn’t used as much anymore. He also guessed that in the Caribbean climate the computer centre was useful when computers and the heat they generated required a strongly air conditioned space. A modern Mac can practically run under water so he doubted most of the professors here needed or cared about this room and its computers. It’s only value today—and its use for them now—would not be in the power of the computer, but in the connection speed offered by the direct fibre optic connection. Chuck would need that speed to do what he needed to do in an hour.
“Give me your credit card,” he ordered as he sat at the nearest workstation and signed in with the password they had been provided. 
“What? So what are you going to do?” Ratched inquired.
“I need to buy some information, but by now Donald probably has a track on my new card,” he offered as he spread the sheets that Mike had given him on the desk beside the computer and typed. “I used to know of hacker sites that could sell you the data on any person or company that you wanted. Passwords. Names. Personal information and such. Our company had to actually buy the data one of these dark operations had gathered on our head office so they wouldn’t sell it to someone else. This is the place that nasty people get the data they need to get your data and get into your system and then ask for a ransom to unfreeze all your computers. If they are still in business I am going to try and buy a way into this bank in Panama. Given that the bank itself is in the grey side of the banking business, it shouldn’t be too hard. It only takes one careless client or employee and they are into the bank’s system. What is the credit limit on your card?”
“Twenty five thousand,” she answered shocked. “It will cost that much? And you want my money? You can remember all of this?”
He continued to type. “Yeah,” he responded. “But first I have to download a search engine.”
“Like Google?” 
‘Sort of,” he explained “Only this search engine gives you access to a whole internet that most people don’t even know exists.”
“How do you know?”
“Used to be my job,” he exclaimed as he waited for a download to finish. “Our IT security guys—actually had more gals now that I think about it—had to scan this hidden Internet for anyone trying to hack into our business. As an oil based operation, my company was a popular target for some nasty ideologues.” He hit some more keys. “Ah,” he announced. “If I do this right you will get it all back—and maybe more.”
“If you don’t?”
“Won’t matter,” he retorted. We will likely be in jail.” He typed some more and hit the enter key. 
“Here we go.”
“Go where?”
“I’m on the Dark Web. I have broadcasted an ask to buy an entry to the Panama Bank.”
They waited nervously for a reply. In 20 minutes an answer came asking for a credit card without any mention of price. Chuck typed in Ratched’s credit card details.
Ratched was concerned. “How do you know they won’t just use or sell my credit card number?”
“There is a certain honour amongst thieves,” he suggested. ”If they ripped buyers off, then no one would use them again. Like any business they rely on repeat customers.” 
The computer asked: What do you want? Chuck typed in the Panama bank details and added ‘Client access for Montserrat Coffee Company.’
After another 15 minutes the response asked for twenty five thousand worth of a Bitcoin to be deposited in a numbered account now, and another twenty-five in a week. 
“They know your max,” he explained. “That is why they wanted your card— not to charge it but to check you out. And they assume you will have more money after you do what you intend to do with the Panama bank account. And the Bitcoin is smart and untraceable. Besides, your bank would question a $25K credit payment to someone, but buying some Bitcoin is not unusual today and wouldn’t raise any red flags.” He typed ‘OK’.
“Now what,” Ratched inquired. “Wait for the police to come in and arrest us? Wait until they lock my computer or steal my data?”
“I’m sure there is a big market for undecipherable tomes on string theory. But honestly I don’t know,” Chuck offered. “I can do the Bitcoin part easily. I bought some myself last fall. I even used my credit card and it was no big deal. But the rest I’ve never done before. Remember that I was the boss, and always left the grunt work to my IT gals. In truth, I have only read about the Dark Web and heard about it at IT conferences. A reformed hacker gave a presentation about 5 years ago at one of our conferences. I think I remember how it works.”
Ratched was incredulous. “Remember?” she whisper yelled. “Remember? You can’t remember you credit card password? And you think you remember how to access some crooks buried deep in some hidden web?”
“That was quick,” he laughed as he looked at the information that suddenly flashed on their screen. 
“Good hunting, friend,” the response offered. “We will find you in a week.”
“Find me, they mean,” Ratched cried sarcastically. “Nice job Chuck. I’m now a data byte in a serial criminal’s hard drive. And poorer by 25 thousand.”
“Amazing,” he ignored her as he read the screen and started typing. “These guys are good. In a few moments I will be inside the Coffee Company’s account at the Panama bank.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Shit,” he exclaimed. “Look at that. Two and half million U.S. in a low interest savings account in the name of the Montserrat Coffee company. Not much of an investor this guy. He must be intending to move it soon to some other more profitable place.” He started typing again. “This must be a year’s revenue. Look at the dispersions.”
Ratched looked over his shoulder as he turned the computer for her to see a long list of dispersions. Most appeared to be regular monthly money transfers. “Wow,” she sighed. “He is running the business from this account. A lot of payments.”
“Yeah,” Chuck offered. “And you can see the irregular injections of cash.” He pointed at the screen. “There is one for $15K that came in this morning. Probably mine,” he laughed. “The small payments are probably monthly payoffs to local officials or pay to employees. If Mike does his job, then at some point these folks will have to explain where these payments came from. The bigger ones are probably rent and expenses. Let’s do another one.” He typed in some details.
“What did you do?”
“Forget Antigua. This guy gave me an idea. I just bought $2,495,000 worth of Etherium for my own Bitcoin account. And I think that we now own a Coffee company on Montserrat.”
“Won’t he know where it went? Won’t the bank know you hacked?”
“On the former, yes, if he could access the coffee company account,” he chuckled. “Once we are finished, the latter won’t matter. But even if he gets back in to his account, he can’t track Bitcoin.” He took his cell phone and entered some figures into a text message. “And if I really do start forgetting things—or something else worse— I just texted you the Montserrat Coffee banking details—and the details you need to get into my Bitcoin account and turn it into real cash. And I changed the access password for his account. It’s now “Thecuckoonest, all one word.”
“Very funny asshole. So it is done?”
“Yup,” Chuck turned off the computer. “He is broke. Sometime today he will get urgent notices from all of those expecting automatic payments. At that point I suspect the shit will hit the wall. He checked his watch. It’s 1:30 P.M. Now let’s get out of here, find Kat—and go home.”
If they were closer to the Villa they would have heard the bells go off in every computer in the operations room.

Index




BLOG 71: Time to leave…
1:00 PM February 8, Saturday 2020
It took Mike a leisurely 15 minutes to run the 3 kilometres from the Morne to the Villa. He checked his surroundings regularly as he ran, but he couldn’t see any indication of his being followed or watched. Horatio and the other consultants were gathered for lunch in the kitchen dining area when he returned and entered the building and walked through the kitchen toward the great room, and then his room for a shower. “Save me a bit of salad,” he joked as he went through the room. Both the lunchtime run and the salad comment were regular events and Mike hope that no one noticed anything different about his voice or his demeanour. He checked his watch. 12:45 P.M. He figured that if Chuck did his magic within the hour, he had maybe 45 minutes before Horatio’s banking would have been hacked. He wasn’t sure what Chuck was actually going to do but he knew that when Horatio or the other accountant tried to access the bank after lunch they would notice something was wrong. And it wouldn’t take long for Horatio to link Mike to a banking problem. He showered quickly, packed a small backpack with a jacket, his wallet, money and passport and opened up the bedroom window that faced the inside of the Island. There were no screens on the windows—they all slept under bug nets—so it was easy to drop to the grass 2 metres below the window. The villa was built with a 4-metre grass ‘moat’ surrounding the complete building. A 2 metre prickly hedge of some sort demarked the line between the flat grass moat and the sharp drop off towards the valley and banana trees below. Mike figured that the moat was an engineering design to allow for water run off away from the building during the fall torrential rainy season. The hedge discouraged various local predators –mostly human Mike guessed —from approaching the building. Mike could follow the grass moat around the building to the front door and go to the taxi pick up area directly, but that would risk exposure if anyone was looking out their own window. And the moat went in front of the large windows in the great room. He didn’t want anyone to see what he was going to do. His only option was to get to the other side of the prickly hedge and work his way to the front of the villa on the inland side of the hedge, but the hedge was as formidable as a wall of barbed wire. He had grabbed a sheet from his room, and he threw it over the hedge and rolled over the top of the hedge and landed on the steep slope on the other side as he yanked the sheet from the thorns and hid it under the hedge. There was a small space between the hedge and the slope that was just large enough for him to crawl without rolling into the dense foliage below. Every few feet he had to pull his bag from being hooked on hedge prickles. The ground was muddy and several times he had to push his way through a mass of spider webs. He wondered if there were poison spiders here. During the rainy season last fall a fist-sized tarantula had wandered into the villa kitchen, scaring everyone out of their breakfast. The cook assured them it would only give them a painful sting, but at this point he wasn’t sure. 
He checked his watch again as he reached the end of the hedge at the front door and the parking area. 1:20 P.M. It had taken him longer than he intended to work his way to the front of the building. He knew that everyone went back to work at 1:30, so now he had to work quickly. He had decided that he was going to leave with Kat at 2 P.M. when Henry Dumont was picking her up. But he would need some distraction so they wouldn’t see him leave or care if Kat did. He stayed behind the hedge and slowly slid down the steep bush covered slope until he found what he was looking for. When he first came to the Villa, Horatio had proudly bragged about the fibre optic cable that came with the rental. He had even taken the new accountants outside to the edge of the hedge and pointed to the junction box of cables located 10 metres down the slope. “That’s our money pipeline there,” he had bragged. It was that pipeline that Mike now hoped would give him and Kat a Horatio-distracted 30 minutes. 
Mike didn’t know much about optic cables other than the fact that the cables carried light pulses rather than current like an old style co-axial cable. The villa had both types of cable: one connecting to the government communication centre on the Morne and the other to the satellite of the roof of the villa. Both were gathered together in the metre square junction box situated down the slope and Mike had to disable both, since he knew that the satellite system was set up to kick in when the optic feed failed. He needed the centre to have no Internet access. With the Internet down, Horatio couldn’t find out what Chuck had done —hopefully done—until he and Kat were in the Taxi and on their way to the airport. 
Mike was surprised to find the door to the box unlocked. He couldn’t identify any of the clutch of cables inside the box. He wanted to disable the feed, but not make any cut in the cables obvious to anyone that checked from the top of the slope. He started with a black input that he guessed was the co-ax from the rooftop and unscrewed the connecter that held the inner co-ax wire inserted into the master cable box. He shoved the end of the cable into a rock resting beside the box, bending the wire sticking out of the cable until it snapped and then screwed the cable back into the box. The Satellite signal would be disabled but no one looking would think the cable was faulty. 
The other cable feeding into the box was a bright blue and was held in place in the same way as the co-ax cable. He had to be careful now. He knew what would happen as soon as he disconnected this cable since the fibre optic feed goes off on occasion—that was the reason for the satellite back up—and he knew he would have limited time to figure out how to disable the cable and put it back so no one would notice. He undid the connector and instantly he heard the alarm bells inside the villa. Horatio had set up the alarm system to make sure everyone knew the Internet was down since the operation was crippled with no fibre Internet. He knew there would be no panic for 10 minutes or so as everyone waited for either the satellite to kick in or the optic feed to come back. Horatio usually waited about 10 minutes before going to the satellite backup since it was significantly slower. Mike figured he had that 10 minutes to hide. The end of the optic cable did not have a wire sticking out from it like the co-ax. Inside the finger thick, blue cable there was a loose —floating—wire that Mike knew carried the light bursts. He looked at it for moment, as the bells were silenced and he imagined everyone leaning back on their chairs relaxing and chatting while they waited for the feed to come back. He picked up a small twig and pushed the floating cable a couple of centimetres inside the outer, blue cable and filled the gap at the end with a thumbnail piece of mud he scooped from the side of the hill beside the box. He hoped that would block the light for a while anyhow. He screwed the cable back into the junction box, closed the door and continued to crawl his way to where the hedge, the front entrance and the parking areas met. He sprinted across the public road fronting the villa and jumped behind the waist high, stone wall on the opposite side of the road. From there he could watch for both the arrival of the taxi and the attempts to check the junction box. 
Mike checked his watch as he peeked over the top edge of the irregular rocked wall. 1:50PM. About now he could imagine Horatio screaming at one of the technical people—probably Roger, the Brit accountant that worked with Mike to manage the money flow—to go check the junction box. Within minutes, he watched as the front door opened and Roger went down the stairs to the hedge overlooking the junction box.
“Looks Ok to me,” he yelled back to the open front door.
“Well go down and check it out, you stupid fuck,” Horatio yelled. Mike almost laughed at the grimace on Roger’s face as he walked around the end of the hedge and slid down the slope in the mud and brush to look inside the junction box. Mike held his breath as he imagined Roger opening the box door and checking the cable connections. “All looks good here as well,” Burt yelled. “The connections are all tight.”
“Fuck,” he heard Horatio explain as he slammed the front door, ignoring Roger as he scrambled back up the slope and brushed the dirt from his designer jeans and $100 Valentino logoed T-shirt. 
Mike checked his watch as Kat emerged from the front door. 1:55 P.M. He hoped Henry would be on time. “Nice pants,” she offered to an angry Roger as he fingered a rip in his jeans from an errant rock on the slope. “Don’t worry about the rip Roger. It probably adds $50 to the value of the pants.”
“Thanks for that Kat,” he laughed. “You Canadians have no sense of fashion. Is he still ranting in there?”
“Yeah, He is screaming at everyone. You’d better get in there and calm him down before he throws your computer through the front window”.
“Shit. Yeah,” he panted as he ran up the stairs and went back into the villa. He didn’t notice the taxi pulling into the parking spot, or Kat get into the taxi —or Mike as he jumped over the hedge and surprised Kat and Henry as he jumped into the back seat of the taxi before Kat could close her door.
“Go Henry,” he ordered a surprised Henry as he ducked down behind the seat. “Go.”
Mike sat up and looked back through the back window when they were 100 metres down the road. “Hi Kat,” he smiled and reached over and hugged her. “Mind if I join you?”

Index



BLOG 72: The unravelling…
2:00 PM Saturday, February 8,2020
Horatio was angry—and confused. There was no logical explanation for both the satellite and fibre optic to crash. There was no logical explanation for Katherine suddenly giving up making a lot of money from her Grandfather. There was no logical explanation for some unknown Montreal competition sending an old couple to harass him. And with his connections in the local constabulary, there was no logical explanation for why Richard had found their car at the resort when he and Frank went back last night —with some reinforcements— but no one can find the couple. The taxi drivers swore that none of them had provided a ride —even the two who interrupted the earlier assault. How far could they get walking? And now the system was down? “Fuck. Fuck. Fuck,” he yelled to the great room stone wall behind him in the cubicle.”
A knock on the plexiglass wall interrupted his rant. He turned around to see Roger wildly waving his arms and pointing at his iPhone. Horatio waived him into the soundproofed cubicle. 
“I can’t access the bank account,” Roger yelled. “Since the internet is down, I thought I would use my cell phone access to do some work. It says my password to the Panama account is no good. Did you change the password?”
“Let me see,” Horatio yelled back as he grabbed the phone, called up the bank’s website and tried the password. “Fuck. I’ll have to phone them and see what is going on. Go down and check those connections again. This time take the cables off and look at them.”
Dumont took his own phone and scrolled through his contacts until he found the one he wanted. He paced the small cubicle as he waited for the answer. “You know who this is. And unless you want your employers to know that you are moonlighting then you will answer some questions for me right now.” He paused for the response. “Good. Now access my account.” Another pause. “No. I didn’t change the password. Use the bank’s password to get into it.” Another pause. “What?” He yelled into the phone. “How is that possible?” But there was no answer since the person on the other end had hung up on him. At the same time his phone stated to flash with text messages, each auto messages indicating auto payments due today had not gone through. 
Dumont sat in his chair facing the iMac and breathed deeply. Ok, he said calmly to himself. Something is happening, but I can fix it. He stood up and calmly walked out into the work space where the consultants were chatting and passing the down time socializing. Roger ran into the room from the other end of the room. “The cables were sabotaged,” he breathlessly yelled as he rested his hands on mud stained jeans. “One had the wire bent and the other had mud in it.”
Dumont was momentarily stunned. “Did you fix them?”
Burt stood silently wiping his jeans with a rag. 
“Well go fix them, you stupid fuck,” Horatio yelled. “And find Mike. Has anyone seen Mike?”
The room was silent as consultants looked at each other. “I saw him go into his room at lunchtime,” Melinda offered as she stood up. “Want me to get him?” 
Melinda left the room as Roger came back into the operation room, smiled, and put his thumbs up. The consultants all glanced at their screens as the fibre optic came back on line. Dumont rushed back into his cubicle and the iMac. He was on his third attempt to access his Panama bank account when an iMessage came onto his screen from Montreal. “Fuck, Fuck, Fuck,” he yelled again as the unexplainable suddenly all came together.
Just got sent a bulletin from the Toronto cops on the couple that beat up your muscle. No info on who the woman is, but the old man is not a cop or muscle from competition. He is an Alzheimer’s patient who has wandered off from his family to go looking for his lost granddaughter. Go figure. He is a retired IT executive, but the police notice says approach with caution since he might be a dangerous. I wouldn’t worry too much about this guy, but it appears that the Mounties are on to your operation somehow. An informant? Might be time to move on? Protect our investment.” 
“Worry?’ Dumont yelled at his computer. “Worry? I’m suddenly broke and you tell me not to worry!”
“Mike is nowhere to be found,” Melinda interrupted his rant. “His passport and a few other personal things are gone.”
Dumont breathed deeply again to calm himself. There was some comfort in suddenly putting everything together—Katherine, Mike, the IT executive grandfather. It suddenly struck him that if they are all still in the island then it isn’t too late to reverse this disaster. The operation here is probably doomed, but he was prepared for that and could now simply walk away, disappear and leave the consultants to face the raid that would soon come. He was more worried about how his Montreal investors were going to deal with this. But not before he dealt with Katherine and Mike—and got his account back.
“Thanks Melinda,” he offered in a soothing voice. He didn’t want any panic in the operation room or they would all try and disappear as well. “Could you ask Richard and Frank to bring the Rover to the front entrance.”
He had one last call to make before he left to go after Mike and Katherine. He had been paying bribes for two years to a senior St. Lucia police officer who was owned by his investors in Montreal. Apparently while a bright law student, she was a stupid gambler. He had yet to use her, but now time to call in the marker. He might need some back up when he finds the kids. And he knows exactly where the taxi will take them.

Index



BLOG 73: NOW a plan comes together…
2PM, Saturday, February 8,2020
Ratched wrenched the steering wheel of the growling Austin to get the car in a reversed direction. They had driven past the Villa and parked while they waited for Kat to leave. Chuck had explained that the engine sound was from a 3 litre, twin carb Healey engine. He was about to explain the overdrive when Ratched was saved by the taxi pulling into the parking area and they watched as first Kat, and then Mike, got into the car. They waited three minutes before following, as Mike had ordered. 
Chuck pulled out his cell phone. “Maybe we should call someone? They could be in trouble.”
“You think? You have hacked the bad guys money? Mike is an undercover cop? Kat has some stupid plan to get this guy?” she replied. “And you think they might be in trouble? Do you think he knows his money is gone?”
“Probably,” he suggested. “All it would take is a few-seconds attempt to access his bank and he would know he had been screwed.”
“So we can assume that he has linked Kat—maybe Mike as well—to the hack?”
“Good guess,” he agreed as he turned on the phone. 
“Who are you going to call Chuck? The Mounties in Ottawa? They would get here in about three days. The local police? He would have bought at least some police protection or he wouldn’t still be in business.” 
Chuck put the phone down as they followed the taxi, first over the ridge road back to the Morne then onto the highway that leads across the Island to the airport at the southern end of the Island. “Looks like they are heading to the airport.”
“For now,” she suggested as the Austin followed the taxi onto the highway. “But they might be going somewhere other than the airport. Or maybe someone from the villa will follow as well?”
“We should follow them for now I guess?” he suggested. “No worries about anyone else. After all, I do have my cane.”
Ratched laughed as she reached over and hit his arm. “Don’t forget the hat Chuck. That will instill fear in the heart of a that 200 lb. muscle man you wacked. I think you need to take a chance on the local cops.”
Chuck finger typed on his phone. “OK. I have an emergency number for the Royal St. Lucian Constabulary. Once we know where they are going I can call them. There must be police stations along the way to the airport and there must be a station at the airport for sure.”
With their focus upon the taxi, neither noticed the Rover that pulled out of the villa after they had passed.
**
“Where are you supposed to take us Henry?” Mike asked as the Kia taxi entered the cross-island highway. “An abandoned resort next to the airport,” he replied. “That guy Richard—the one with the bashed up chin—said that she could wait for the plane there and someone there would just take her over to the airport later.”
“Have you been to the resort before?”
“Sure,” he offered. “My family is from Vieux Fort. When I was a kid —before the international airport was developed—we used to go there to use the beach on Sundays. It’s sort of hidden away so we didn’t have to share the beach with tourists. And it has always been a popular place for local windsurfers.”
“What’s there now?”
“I haven’t been there for 20 years, but the other guys who went there joked that it was the one place on the island that hasn’t been tourist polluted. I guess 24 hour, overhead jet traffic isn’t what Toronto sunseekers are looking for.” He gunned the taxi to pass a smoking motorcycle. “You still want to go there? I could take you right to the airport terminal if you want?”
Kat she responded forcefully. “Take us to the resort.”
“Henry, describe how you get there?” Mike asked.
“As I remember it, there is a lane that leaves the old Island road —the one my parents used to take to Vieux Fort before they built the cross island hiway in 76—at the west end of the farthest runway. The lane twists through the scrub and jungle for about 500 metres, then comes to a clearing with a cottage and some out buildings. A track leads from there to the beach 50 metres away. I am supposed to drop the young lady here at the cottage.”
Henry passed a diesel exhausting truck loaded with bananas. “They came after you friends last night.”
“What?” Kat scowled as she sat up straighter in her seat. “They came after the older couple we told you about?” 
Henry was nonchalant as he passed another banana truck. “Yeah. But Ambrose and I scared them away. They were going to rough up the old dudes for sure.”
“Where did the old dudes go?”
“I gave them my old Austin and set them up at a place that my cousin manages. They would be fine there.”
“I saw Richard at lunch today, Kat,” Mike interjected. “So he probably didn’t find them.”
They were all silent as the road reached the Atlantic side of the island and started the final 10 km to the international airport. The jungle lushness of the mountainous interior gave way to the desert-like scrub of the ocean-abused landscape. The ocean on the Atlantic side of the Island was considerably rougher than the more protected Caribbean side, uninhibited in its run from Africa. While the views of the sea from the cliffs on the East side of the Island could be spectacular, the beaten shoreline and desert like environment was not as appealing to the developers looking to cash in on the popularity of the Island as a beach destination. The rise in the popularity of Eco destinations as a counterpoint to the consumptive all-inclusives generated a few new opportunities over the last decade, but the green crowd was apparently less likely to be generous with their own ‘green,’ so the tourist developments along the East coast were few and far between. 
“Do you have a cell phone Henry?” Kat intervened.
Henry held up his flip phone with his left hand as he shifted to low with his right. “Old school. Cheap.”
“Take it Mike,” she ordered. 
Mike squeezed Kat’s hand. “Nah. I wouldn’t know who to call. Henry, after you leave Kat could you call the police and tell them something —drugs or something?—that would make them come to the resort?”
“Sure,” he offered. “Drugs at the abandoned resort. That will catch their attention. But are you in some danger? What’s going on?”
“Not sure,” Kat offered. “But just to be sure, can you help us out?”
“Sure,” he replied. “None of us particularly like those guys at the Villa anyhow. But never figured them for drugs. I’ll call the police. I know who to call. But it would take them at least half an hour to get here from Castries? Want me to stay with you until then?”
“No,” Mike asserted. “Just get the cops to come.”
As soon as they turned into the laneway leading to the drop off resort, Mike could see that this was a failed development of some kind. Twenty metres off the highway he saw a rotting, half bent sign with caricatures of what looked like lizards on a beach. The words on the sign were mostly faded away, but the first letters were WEL... so he guess it was a welcome sign of some sort. “Let me off here,” he suddenly ordered as they passed the sign. “You go to where you are supposed to go to drop Kat off.”
“Careful Mon,” Compton offered as he stopped the car. “There are scorpions in the brush.”
See you in a moment,” he reassured Kat as he jumped from the taxi and pushed his way through the scrub to hide behind the fallen down sign. His guess was that the routine was to get the taxi to drop someone off at the cottage—whatever that was—and then follow shortly after to do whatever it was they had in mind. He had just hidden himself when the Austin with Ratched and Chuck pulled into the lane way and followed the taxi. “Great,” he whined to himself. “The calvary.” He wondered if he should have told them not to follow. Or at least not to follow the taxi all the way to the drop off point. He figured that if Richard and his gang do show up, he would have enough trouble taking care of Kat, much less a couple of senior citizens.
Within minutes, his original theory was proven correct as the Rover with Richard driving and Frank in the passenger’s seat pulled into a small-pull out on the north side of the old highway 50 metres from the lane entrance. Once they pulled into the scrub they weren’t visible from the laneway or the highway. The back windows were tinted so he couldn’t see if anyone else was in the car, but he assumed more muscle. He was puzzled why they were waiting there and not following the taxi or the Corolla, then he realized they would wait for the Henry and the taxi to leave. No witnesses. 
He decided to leave the Rover in its hiding place as he made his way back to the laneway and started to trot after the Austin. He needed to warn Kat that she was being followed. Henry had told them the beach was half a kilometre down the lane so he figured he wouldn’t arrive too much after the Kats’ grandfather. For the first time since he had been on the Island, he wished he had his service Glock. But guns of any sort were unusual on the Island. Even the local police never showed any visible firearms and he had never seen any weapons of any sort at the villa. While he still had no idea what he and Kat were going to do when they confronted Richard and Frank, the absence of guns would at least partially level the playing field. He didn’t think that old Chuck —or the black lady driving the car—would be much help, and maybe even a complication he didn’t need. In minutes he was out of sight of the main highway and swallowing the dust of the Austin.
**
After 500 metres of the twisty brush encroached road, Ratched and Chuck emerged into a clearing that at one time was the resort central area and compound. A collection of a dozen decaying, thatch roof huts encircled a central open area half the size of a football field. A rusted basketball post and a set of wooden goal posts suggested that this was once a recreation area of some sort. At the farthest end of the central area a larger building stood off the ground on 4-foot stilts. The grey faded wood siding matched the age of the rest of the buildings, but the corrugated roof and curtained windows indicated some modern use. They stopped the Austin where the lane entered the open compound area and watched as the Kia taxi stopped. Kat emerged from the front seat at the same time as a stocky black man appeared at the top of the stairs leading into the building. The man said something to Kat and she waived at the taxi driver as he turned around and headed towards the lane exit where they were parked. Ratched drove the rental further into the compound towards Kat and let the taxi past them. Kat’s grandfather and the black woman got out of the car. The woman stood behind the Austin trunk. 
“Who da fuck are you?” the man menaced at Chuck from his perch at the top of the stair? “I’m the one who take care of da lady.” He motioned to Kat.
Kat ignored him a she went to Chuck and gave him a hug. “You guys shouldn’t be here Gramps. Mike and I have this under control.”
“Looks like it,” Ratched announced as she gestured to the man. She figured he was somewhere in his 60s, and by his dreadlocked hair and clothes —shorts and a short sleeved shirt un buttoned at the front— she figured he had found himself left behind when the 70s Rasta culture dissolved. He was taller than Chuck and while stocky, his still muscular arms and flat abdomen suggested an active life of some sort. At one time, local young men like him ran the local ganga supply, but with the tourist boom and the intrusion of more organized entrepreneurs, the Rasta culture became as dormant as their Marley hero. She figured this guy probably did some local work for men like Dumont, while growing a little product to selling to teenagers on all-inclusive beaches. If they looked further they would likely find some patches of green interspersed in the ocean-scarred bush. But at the moment, he was standing on his porch waving a double barrel shotgun at them. 
“Who da fuck are you,” he spat again.
“No trouble for you,” Chuck assured him. “Kat, we have to get out of here. Get to the airport.”
“Not until I find out what happened to my mother,” she snapped. “It might not mean anything to you, but I care.”
The Rasta kept his rifle at waist level, aimed at the group. “What do you mean mother. Ain’t no mother here. Just me.”
Mike watched as Kat moved closer to the bottom of the stairs leading to the veranda that fronted the house. He prepared to act if he saw the man’s fingers move inside the trigger guard.
“Not now,” Kat spat with vehemence he had never heard. “But I think that a taxi once dropped her off here. And maybe you killed her?” 
The Rasta gestured with the rifle. “Killed her? Mon, I never killed anyone.”
Kat seemed deflated. 
Chuck moved forward. “So maybe 6 months ago that guy Dumont didn’t send a woman here in a taxi? Forty years old? Caramel coloured? Maybe sick?”
No one moved as Rasta appeared lost in thought. He suddenly lowered the shotgun. “Let me look at ya girl,” he gestured for her to come closer. He squinted as he studied her face. “Shit. Ya could be her fuckin’ twin.”
“You knew her?” Kat walked closer to the bottom of the stairs. “She came here?”
“Knew her?” he smiled and leaned the gun against the shack wall by the front door. “Man, I think I loved her. She was left here by dat white dude and I was sick like the dog with the dengue. For two weeks she fed me, watered and washed me, all da time talking about da good old days, and how she had a beautiful daughter and a wonderful mother and how life was perfect and all, and if I just got better it would be perfect for me too.” He paused and smiled. “I might have died if she hadn’t taken care of me. She gave me hope. No one cares much for old Rasta’s these days.”
“Why did that man leave her here,” Chuck intervened. 
“The asshole just wanted to get rid of her,” he spat. “Used her up and spat her out. He said he didn’t want any of his folks to be linked to, or be seen with her. She was pretty much out of it when he dropped her here—drugs of some sort I suppose. He gave me money for a plane ticket but said I could do what I wanted with her. I was sick myself, but I put her to bed and when I woke up all delirious the next morning she was wiping me down with a cool cloth. This place is a junk heap, but has a good well out back there.” He paused. “She stayed and took care of me. She was beautiful, Mon.”
“What happened to her?” Kat whispered.
He sat on one of the twisted wicker chairs on the porch. “After I got better we just started living together. No booze here, but I grow some good stuff and we just hung out. I fish and grow my own vegetables and she cooked like no one’s business. We laughed a lot and swam in the ocean every day. She listened to me as I told her of the old days—when Marley ruled the island and the tourists lined up for windsurfing lessons from this old guy. She used to sit on the beach and watch while I surfed —I’m still one of the best on the Island in a good westerly. But she never tried the boards herself.” He paused and Mike thought he saw the man’s eyes glaze over. “We lived like that for 4 months. No one ever came to see what happened to her. And we were both happy— I thought.”
“What happened?” Kat asked again.
“That was two months ago. I used to tell her that the only true freedom I had from all my demons these days was on the board, pushed free by the wind and waves. Marley would talk to me out there. I told her that I had a son in England I hadn’t heard from in 20 years but I could see him when flayed in the wind and salt.” He paused and they were all silent. “We had been together for a four months —the best four months of my life, and I was sure she was happy too,” he asserted again. “I woke up one morning and one of my boards was gone and so was she. I followed the drag marks to the beach and could see where she had put the mast and sail together. But there was no sight of her on the ocean. She must have left in the middle of the night. I sat on that beach all day waiting. By the time I went to the airport to call search and rescue I knew it was too late. I guess she went looking for that peace I talked about,” he paused and looked at Kat. “Or maybe to find you?”
Kat smiled through her tears. “Thank you for telling me that.” No one noticed as Ratched quietly sobbed and leaned on the trunk of the Austin.
“Did he ask you to keep other people here?” Chuck probed, ignoring the grief of the others.
The man didn’t have time to answer as the Rover raced into the compound and stopped in a puff of dust beside the Austin.
**
Mike watched from the bushes hiding the lane entrance to the compound as Richard and Frank jumped from the vehicle and approached Chuck and Kat. Ratched was doing something he couldn’t make out at the trunk of the car parked 10 metres from Chuck. He watched as Richard pulled a gun from his back waistband and walked to Chuck who held his cane up defensively in front of his face as Richard pointed the barrel at his forehead. Kat moved over and stood between Richard and Chuck. Even from 50 yards, Mike could see the anger in her face—and the determination in Chuck’s eyes. He picked up a heavy piece of discarded, rusty, rebar left over from a long forgotten project and worked his way along the edge of the compound to get closer. He knew he would have to intervene at some point, but he continued to watch for the right moment. He noticed the shotgun leaning on the porch wall of the cabin.
“Enough,” a voice emerged from the far side of the Rover, and Mike watched as Dumont walked around the front of the vehicle and approached Chuck. “We need to find out what they know.” 
Mike noticed the Rasta slowly picking up the shotgun.
“She knows the old cop,” Frank offered as he gestured at Kat and Chuck. 
“Brilliant Frank,” Dumont snarled. “I’m guessing that this old man is Gramps? Am I right Katherine?”
Neither Kat nor Chuck said anything as Dumont moved closer. “The money you sent was what? Some sort of seed money to hook me? Con the conner?”
Kat moved a metre away from Chuck. 
“Something like that,” Chuck confirmed.
Mike had worked his way around the compound without being noticed. He was breathing heavily from the concentration and the effort of crouching behind the bushes, and sweat was dripping in his eyes as he held the metre long chunk of rebar with both hands. 
“You really think you fooled me with the best movie thing?” he snorted. “What twenty something would ever choose a Clint Eastwood anyhow? Besides the best movie of all time is the Godfather.”
That’s not a movie asshole,” Kat shot back.
“Whatever,” Dumont snorted. “I knew you were a loser. But what I want to know now is whether you had anything to do with my bank?”
“What bank?” Chuck offered. “I just came to get my granddaughter back.”
“And I just came to find out what you did to my mother.”
Dumont paused and looked at her the way the Rasta had a moment earlier. “Well I’ll be fucked,” he laughed. “I don’t know why I didn’t see it sooner. I’m your fucking father—step-father anyhow. Are you as crazy as her?”
Mike saw Ratched start to move towards Dumont but Frank stood in her way. He could see Kat’s hands clench and unclench as she glared at him. Chuck moved his left hand onto the cane like he was holding a 5 iron.
Dumont suddenly turned to Richard. “It doesn’t matter now. Ok you two,” he ordered as he walked back to the car. “Time to earn your money. Get the black woman, and use your pistols— or any other creative device of your choice, and find out if they know about where my money went.” He looked up at the Rasta on the deck. “And Marley, you keep that blunderbuss pointed at them in case they try any heroics. I’ll wait in the air conditioning until you have some answers.”
Mike decided that it would be a good time to act once Dumont was in the car. One less person to worry about. He thought maybe he could use surprise to put down at least one of Frank or Richard —he decided Richard— and could then handle the other himself as long as he was fast enough so Dumont wouldn’t be a factor. And he knew that Kat wouldn’t just stand by and let him do all of the work. He couldn’t count on Chuck or the black lady or do anything about the Rasta with the shotgun, but other than that he figured his odds were good and he crept up to the closest corner of the building, wiped the sweat from his eyes and tensed for the attack.
“I would put that weapon down if I were you,” a loud bullhorn voice announced as a black Mercedes Sprinter Van raced into the centre of the compound and disgorged four black clad, balaclava covered persons all aiming assault weapons at Richard, Frank and the Rasta. Mike recognized his Assistant Attorney General friend as she emerged from the front seat of the van with a mic in her hand.
He watched as the Rasta dropped the shotgun and put up his hands. 
Frank dropped his gun and held up his hands. 
Richard grabbed Kat and held his gun to her head as hid behind her body. 
And the Rover was silent.
Ratched was frozen on the spot.
And everyone stopped what they were doing as they watched Chuck topple like a fallen tree, face first onto the hard packed sand. 
END OF PART THREE

Index



A Senior Moment…PART FOUR

The great secret that all old people share is that you really haven't changed in seventy or eighty years. Your body changes, but you don't change at all. And that, of course, causes great confusion.
Doris Lessing

BLOG 74: Loose ends…goodbye friends
10 AM Sunday, April 5th, 2020
Good morning all! Check the date on the heading above, gang. I’m so sorry to disappoint many of you but I am not dead. 
It is now two months since my last blog, and a week since Kat posted her description of our unusual winter holiday in St. Lucia. Maybe Air Canada Vacations will feature us on their website? I think that Kat shows great promise as a writer. In fact, I surmise that many of you will probably want to be back reading her rather than me. If so you will be pleased to learn that this will be my last blog. I could make up a collection of reasons for finishing this blog experience, but the world’s circumstances have made my trivial thoughts and observations —narcissistic ones as Delores constantly reminds me—even more trivial and irrelevant that they were from the start. For those of you who haven’t noticed, the world is on the edge of a pandemic. Hunkered down in your comfortable, suburban abode somewhere, or pontificating (like me?) in your local Fourbucks, you probably don’t appreciate the seriousness of the encroaching disaster. Delores and I only appreciate this circumstance since we are one of the many who escaped home to Canada just before borders everywhere started to close down. Katherine and Mike left days after the showdown at the Rasta corral and are now self-isolating together in Montreal, but Delores and I stayed in St. Lucia, so I could have some medical tests and to close some of the legal pages regarding the scam operation. Of course six weeks together in a cottage at the Westwinds Inns wasn’t undue punishment. But as usual I’m getting ahead of myself with the story. My point is that, while I will add to Kat’s excellent writing and bring you up to date on the happenings of the last couple of months, very little seems of much relevance in the context of the global pandemic facing the world. I suggest you look for someone’s Pandemic Blog. There will undoubtedly be many unique —sad and otherwise—stories to tell over the next year. I especially worry for my readers who are twiddling their lives away in one of those “Happy”, “Sunny”, “Manor Village”, “Forever Young”, “Autumn Leaves”, “At Heaven’s Gate”, “Golden Twilight” places —all the disease risk of a cruise ship with none of the fun and far worse food. 
I’ll begin with my current circumstances. 
Ratched and I left St. Lucia on March 18, four days before most flights into Canada were cancelled. It wasn’t brilliant foresight on our part, it was just time for us to go home. After a month, the complicated medical tests and the even more complicated legal wranglings were completed. 
We came back to Canada and went into voluntary quarantine in Delores’ condo and now, the first week of April, we are practicing the best fourteen day self- isolation practices we can manage. Loyal friend Rebecca started to bring us food and beverage. Unfortunately, it appears that Rebecca is no better a cook —or no more interested in being one—than Delores, whose fancy, shiny silver, matching appliance filled, condo kitchen is more show than for go. Even the backyard barbecue grills show little evidence of burnt food residue. In order to avoid a steady diet of take-out curry chicken, pizza, poke bowls and craft beer I have taken over the kitchen duties. We (I?) order groceries and I fill the time void left by no golf simulator or no Sunday ranting by cooking. So far I have made BBQ Tempeh bowls, Sweet Potatoe Gnocchi with Apples, Bacon and Balsamic Mexican corn sweet potatoes, Brussel Sprout Pasta with Lemon Sauce, a variety of Kimchi Bowls, White Miso and Cauliflower Soup, Potatoe Broccoli Corn Chowder with Bacon, Chicken Nugget Parmesan, Mac and Cheese dogs (finally used the barbecue), a Thai red curry Goat stew, (now you know that I was indeed getting bored). I have sent all my recipes to Graham, but so far he hasn’t made me a food truck partner. The first thing that Delores did after the fourteen days were up was to go with Rebecca to the MacDonald’s a few blocks away from the condo and order a Big Mac with fries. I stayed home and slurped a gluten free Green Curry Carrot and Parsnip soup. (I’ve used capitals for all the dishes so you know they are serious recipes.)
We now use protective gear if we venture out of the condo. Delores the scientist is convinced that masks are the only solution to the spread of this thing, so when we venture out we look like Bonnie and Clyde on our way to a transgression of some sort. She ignored me when I asked her how she ate her Big Mac with a surgical mask over her face. Of course, it doesn’t appear to us that most of the rest of Toronto is very concerned, since on our daily walk we watch large groups of totally unmasked people —mostly millennials—partying and playing in the parks and playgrounds. And of course, Donald Trump has assured the world that we are not to worry, the Covid thing is no worse that the seasonal flu and will disappear with the warm weather. On his advice we have stocked up on consumable bleach though. And toilet paper. And I told my Toronto advisor to stock up on the stocks of the Pharmas that make vaccines.
But generally, Ratched and I are not taking chances with this thing and are self- isolating in her condo while we watch Fox, CNN, BBC and CBC to try and figure out who has the believable insight into what is actually happening in the world. Quite confusing actually. And yes, before you ask, self-isolating together is not much of a hardship for us. Our relationship has sufficiently morphed to assume that we will at least explore the possibility that we will grow older together. Go figure. I was often reminded while having a great round that the golf gods could rise up and bite at any time. Shortly after a third birdie in a row, a double bogie would raise its ugly head and ruin a round of a life time. I’m not trying to suggest that my life before February was a string of birdies, or that Ratched is a double bogie —as you folks know better than most it was the opposite on all accounts. But I am suggesting —the obvious—that life can change on a dime. As little as a month ago I thought I was happily married, normally (for my age) healthy, financially independent, and excoriating any need for pontification by ranting to you folks. Now? I haven’t really put together all of the new pieces of my life yet, but I wonder which of the new pieces will fill the void left by the dissolution of the old pieces? But at this point, I think I should send a care package to Horatio in the St. Lucia jail to thank him for sending my life in a different direction —certainly a different trajectory than I would have imagined as recently as the first week of February. Other than the fact that Toronto seems to be Covid dissolving in front of our faces, Ratched and I are using the excuse of isolation to explore this new relationship. So far so good. 
But now to fill you in on those other life pieces.
I’ll start with the ugly part. 
Brenda is now self-isolating in our Calgary Condo with that Pickleball coach, Larry something or other. Despite showing my surprise to Ratched when she told me that Brenda was having an affair, I did suspect that something was happening in our relationship. Remember item 10 on the survey? And the ‘guilt’ sex? I’m guessing that Brenda was probably in a confused state regarding her relationship with me and what’s his name and then my disappearance put her over the edge —onto his side. I wonder if I had stayed home if we would have worked our way through it all? At any rate, apparently he is a disbarred lawyer so I assume she is getting the best advice possible on how to move on with her life. And Pete is apparently getting even with both Delores and me for the embarrassing shellacking he got at the simulator, helping Brenda and what’s his name get as big a chunk my financial life as the courts will allow. So, my last piece of golf advice is to never embarrass a friend on the golf course. At least not a vindictive lawyer friend. I’m glad now I didn’t tell him everything about my financial life. And I do wish Brenda well. We were married for many years and we raised two wonderful children together. But I do understand why she would want to spend her declining years with someone who is not yet declining.
Did I say two wonderful children?
I wish I had been in the living room when Officer Dalgood shifted her assault equipment belt as she sat on the love seat and relayed the Toronto and St. Lucia police reports to the gathered family. Apparently it was all over by the time the Toronto police figured out that we had gone to St. Lucia and not Thailand, so Brenda and gang only learned about the adventure in hindsight. Once they learned what I had done, Donald and Peter acted quickly to have me declared mentally incompetent and Brenda acted quickly to start erasing me from her life. The argument was simply what 70 year old in their right mind would assault people with a cane, fly off to a third world country to chase a crook and leave his family to live with a clearly scheming care giver? Actually at face value, hard to argue with that conclusion. I contacted Pete —still theoretically my lawyer—and gave him orders to not fight anything financial. I figured once they had control over my assets (that they knew of) then they would drop all the mental stuff. I was right. Peter gave them my (discoverable)assets and they dropped the mental incompetence claim. Any casual observer would agree that I have lost my mind. I didn’t mind losing the money, but the mental incompetence thing would be a nuisance as I moved on with my life. Of course, they only got my assets that they knew of —the house, the retirement pension fund (the court would only give them half of it but I told Pete to give it all to them to make them go away), the WRX, and my collection of golf instruction books. I admitted to infidelity (even though at that point I was innocent) and told Pete to expedite any separation agreement that Brenda wanted. With my total cooperation in their court action it went quickly. Consequently, at this point Brenda and Donald and Laverne are free of my mental deficiencies—and burdened with my money. And I am close to that state of autonomy that Kat described in her first blog of me in the airport before Ratched jumped into my reverie. I’m not delusional enough (yet) to assume that Ratched and I are a long term thing, but I am content to let the relationship go where it runs. However, the cane now hangs above Delores’ gas fireplace and the panama hat mysteriously burned when it joined two sirloin steaks on the barbecue in her backyard during a cold April fools’ day cookout. 
Graham and Lorne were understandably pissed off about my secret adventure with Kat. She is Graham’s daughter after all. However, both cooled down after a pre pandemic visit with Kat and Mike in Montreal, and then another visit the week that we returned to Canada for them to meet and learn a little more about Kat’s Grandmother. Actually that first meeting between Ratched and Graham was emotional, with father and grandmother sharing mutual grief over Muriel’s death. Of course, Lorne and Rebecca were instant friends and even Ratched couldn’t resist his charms. Unfortunately travel restrictions have dampened the growth of the relationships with Graham and Lorne, but the ZOOM meetings have been frequent and important, (as have the ZOOM calls with Mike and Kat.) Graham and Lorne’s curry take-out and delivery business has boomed with the closing of restaurants. They are offering two rolls of toilet paper and a bottle of hand sanitizer with each meal they deliver.
Donald and Laverne have avoided me—and certainly Ratched—as much as they can. I heard from Pete that Donald made a bundle on some drug company that makes hydrochloroquinine after the President of the United states touted it as the miracle cure for the Covid -19. Unfortunately there is some concern about insider trading since no one can figure out why a stock broker in Calgary Alberta would suddenly decide in February to buy stocks in an unknown U.S. based drug company? It also looks like the schools will be closing in Calgary. Even the private ones. The virus can’t be influenced by status or money. It will be entertaining to watch Laverne and Brenda dealing with homeschooling two spoiled, privileged brats. (I wonder how long the pickleball coach will like coaching two kids through life?) I also hear that Laverne has started an on-line business selling cures of the virus that big government and the pharmaceuticals apparently won’t tell you about. But they think they have most of my assets now so they will be fine. 
Finally on the family side, you have probably picked up my hints about the assets that the pickleball coach and Laverne scarfed. For those of you who have been following my blogs over the past year, (Give me a break. Two of you?) you might remember in Blog 8 where I casually mentioned that, at retirement, I had the company I worked for direct a big chunk —half— of my available ‘defined contribution’ pension fund to an advisor/broker who lives in Toronto. I had met him in that cane self -defense class in London I told you about, where he was posted by his company to try and get some Brexit money to come to Canada. We sparred with our fancy canes and debated investment futures. When I contacted him after we got back to Canada, he reminded me that he was always better than me with the cane —and how well my investments were doing so I know I will be fine in the money department. I have done a thorough analysis of my future financial needs, right through to ‘luxury’ extended care if needed and would be glad to share it with anyone who is trying to do the same analysis for the remainder of their own life. At any rate, no one—not even Pete, my lawyer—knew about that money. At the time I didn’t do it to hide any assets from Brenda. I just didn’t want Donald to know that I used a broker other than him. Donald and Laverne don’t know about that money and haven’t grabbed it in the proceedings. ( I didn’t lie about it. No one asked for an asset disclosure. They figured they knew it all.) So in actual fact, since Brenda et al think they took all of my pension, I have actually ended up with the ‘legitimate’ half of the defined contribution pension. Phew. I didn’t relish being broke the rest of my life. I do miss that WRX though. If I can get my driving license is restored I might look for a late 60s TR6?
And now to Horatio, Richard, Frank and all of the other miscreants at the scam operation.
Apparently Mike’s Assistant Attorney General friend—she is now the real A.G. since the previous one couldn’t explain where the money came for her Cap Estate Villa—had been secretly planning a raid on the operation for some time so they had a 24 hour watch on the operation. Apparently it was known from the day the A.G. came back from a law course at a Montreal community college that the she was bent. She also had gambling debts at Casinos in Antigua and Barbados. The SWAT team had been called in after the cop watching the villa saw Horatio, Frank and Richard start the chase with the Rover. They were too slow to actually follow the Rover, so it was Henry’s call after he dropped Kat and Mike off at the compound that directed them to the meeting spot. So the timing was right for everyone —except Horatio—although I thought the SWAT team outfits were a little over the top. But I suppose they had been waiting for an excuse to suit up and jump out of the van and confront some bad guys. It must have been awfully hot in those outfits though—black pants, bullet proof vests, enough weaponry to blow up the island and face-visored helmets with wee cameras on the top. Of course, since I was lying face down in the sand, Ratched has described the events to me. Nobody got shot. Richard quite sensibly dropped his gun and Frank was on his knees with his hands behind his head before anyone even asked. The police knew the old Rasta well and respectfully gave him back his blunderbuss and left him to carry on whatever he was doing. Ratched guessed that half the SWAT team had probably visited his hut for a little product during their younger years and actually appeared a little in awe of the old guy. I woke up just in time to see Frank, Richard and Horatio hustled off in the police Mercedes. They had called Henry and his taxi back and Ratched and I were loaded in his taxi for a trip to the hospital to have me checked out (the first of many checks over the next six weeks). Mike and Kat followed them back to Castries in Henry’s Austin. Mike’s Assistant Attorney General friend told us that another team had raided the villa operation and as we arrived at the police station we saw them unloading all of the villa computers from another black Mercedes van. We didn’t see Gina, Miranda or any of the other people from the villa, but learned later that they had all been taken directly to the airport and deported on a plane to Toronto where they were met by Mike’s special RCMP fraud squad. After interrogation, they were all released. The squad was after the directors of the operation, not the employees. Kat told me last week she had learned that Gina and Miranda were in Vancouver selling vacation timeshares in Mexico. However, Roger – the Brit—returned to St. Lucia and opened a clothing store for cruise ship passengers, specializing in pre-ripped jeans. After a lengthy search, Mike and his squad found all of the previous employees—two were working for a call centre in Belize, and the other one had two children and was married to a United Church minister in Regina. Rasta had indeed taken all of the leaving callers to the airport. Dumont only wanted them to have a few days cooling off period before they left so he could be sure they wouldn’t rat on him.
The complete operation had been a cooperative effort between the RCMP and the St. Lucian officials. Like Costa Rica, Horatio was undone by one scam too many, in this case the father-in law of the Minister for Cultural Affairs, who fell for the lottery scam and then asked his politician son-in-law for help. That was all the RCMP fraud squad needed to officially ask St. Lucia to act. And since Mike’s friend was ready as well, the whole operation fell into place quickly. 
Horatio, Frank and Richard are still in a St. Lucia jail awaiting trial. Mike thinks that all three will eventually be extradited back to Canada, but in the meantime there are no golf courses attached to the jail in St. Lucia and no Montreal friends to help make some jail time more comfortable. Under those circumstances, Horatio is being quite cooperative with names, processes and other information that won’t endear him to some people back in Canada, so his lawyer is fighting the extradition. Jail time in St. Lucia is apparently more attractive to Horatio than facing some partners in Canada who will wonder where all of the money went? 
Kat and Mike are comfortably self-isolating in Mike’s apartment in Montreal. Mike continues his work with the fraud squad and after the success in St. Lucia he has received a commendation. Kat has enrolled in several (on line) ‘creative writing’ University courses from Concordia. She is still young, but they are a good couple and Delores and I truly like Mike. I hope they work out, but who knows with young people today. Both of them are helping us with finding the folks we hope to return some money to. More on that in a moment, but the exercise of distributing over $2 million stolen money has proven harder than we thought. 
What else can I tell you? Right. My brain. I won’t bore you with all of the details since then I would just be another old person whining about their health problems. The health care system in St. Lucia is perhaps not up to Canadian standards, but they have some outstanding, mostly U.K. trained physicians who have returned home to practice their art, some after highly successful medical careers elsewhere, and others simply to serve their country. One of the former was a famous neurosurgeon in the U.S. before she retired back to her native country. It took her about 15 minutes after listening to my story—she had actually played pickleball in the U.S.—before she had a diagnosis and a prognosis. She dismissed the memory episodes as normal for someone our (she was in her late 60s) age, but still she was most entertained when she made me recite the whole cremation of Sam Magee to prove the eidetic thing. Again, I won’t go into the details or the medical names, but after our chat, and an MRI (yes, they have one there) her diagnosis was that the pickleball bump had caused some internal brain bleeding. The bleeding had clotted and the clots were slowly working themselves free and causing mini strokes. All of this explains the passing out and the weird behavior. A reduction of the blood supply to the brain apparently does all of that. Her prognosis was I could either leave things as they are and hope the clots slowly dissolve without any further episodes, or they could try surgery to find the clots and ream (her word!) them out. Essentially, she was telling me I might have a time bomb ticking in my brain and I could leave it there or try and defuse it. 
I have chosen to leave it there. And so far so good.
Finally, I’ll fill you in on the efforts to give all the scam money back. 
Kat has personally called and given back money to almost every one of the Granny scam victims. It was apparently quite emotional for both Kat and the victims as Kat had to explain to each why she participated in the scam and apologized for causing such pain. For some of them the money was important. For a surprising number of them, learning Kat’s story and that all had ended well was more important than the money. Grandparents are like that. Those ‘give backs’ only took about $200,000 of the $2.5 million we scarfed from Horatio.
The other attempts to give the money back from other scams didn’t go as well. Some of the scams went back a couple of years and the victims couldn’t be located. But the more interesting ones were the victims we called who denied ever being scammed. They had not reported it to the police and claimed to not know what we were talking about. They were simply still too embarrassed to admit that they had been scammed, even when we told them we would give them back the money. In the end, with Mike, Kat, Ratched and me calling, we managed to send back about $500,000. 
That left us with over $1.5 million we didn’t know what to do with. So, Henry the Taxi driver found himself the owner of a new Mercedes Sprinter van set up as a 10 seater tourist transit van, and his daughter received a surprise scholarship to attend the UWI in Barbados. Then, we found out that the Government of St. Lucia had seized the villa as ‘the proceeds of crime’. At Delores’ suggestion, we offered a $1 million operating endowment if they established a home for unwed mothers—the first on the Island. 
And of course we were now the proud owners of a Coffee company in Montserrat. We learned that Horatio was a silent ‘owner’ and the company was operating on its own with no input, so for now we could just leave it alone. But we decided we might keep that one for ourselves. Might be something to look forward to after the pandemic is beaten back and we can travel again. In the meantime Mike has asked us if we wanted to use our technical skills to help them do some ‘forensic’ investigations, so Ratched and I have started a forensic investigation company, taking cases that the RCMP couldn’t deal with for jurisdictional reasons. It seems that there is something of a plethora of white collar criminals—scammers and fraud artists out there that the legal system can’t get enough evidence to prosecute. It might be something to share with you in the future if we actually do anything.
So that is it folks. As I write this last blog I am sitting at Ratched’s desk in the Toronto condo, watching through the large picture window as the flowers start to shrug off the winter. My only (pleasant!) confusion at this point is whether I am living with a Ratched…or a Delores. Time will tell I guess. You have all been great friends as you journeyed with me through my own life changes. When I started the blog —over a year ago now—I never imagined the twists and turns my life would take. In hindsight the blogs — golf and pickleball?— seem so insignificant and trivial and almost embarrassing to claim. However, even now that my head makes me feel that I am living a lottery where my number could come up any time, I can only leave you with my insistence that those of us in our “twilight years” (what stupid fuck thought up that phrase?) have much left to do. We are not ‘waiting to die’ We are getting on with living. When I finish this last blog I will start polishing my ‘stand up’ routine. Maybe post as a You tube? What are you polishing?
And by the way, my juggling is coming along quite well. I’ve made it to 20 consecutive throws. Knives or flaming torches soon.
Live well my friends. Thanks for listening.
Yours truly,
Chuck
talonlakepress@gmail.com

Index

About the Author
K. Profit is the imaginary granddaughter of D. G. Marshall, the author of THE SAND TRAP available at Smashwords.

SMASHWORDS…for other E readers (free)
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/228747
