



 AKQJ 
 Prequel
Sequence

      This is the prequel to AKQJ, mainly to describe the protagonist ACE, what happened before the four people.

 The main brain of the AKQJ organization, ACE is full of legends throughout his life. He was originally the son of a prominent speculator. Father is the famous godfather of security, “Andre.” 
In the memory of ACE, his father has long been forgotten, since he started to understand things.
It is already following the stewardship and domestic helper, and the butler has become the only relative of ACE.

 Later, the ACE family was chased and killed, and the housekeeper led him to escape. However,
the butler was finally assassinated. Only ACE left to escape, he fled to a place where people 
are rare, a mystery The alien, ACE I don't know why, because of the original, suddenly fainted, when he woke up..............


 The whole book is divided into two parts. The first part is the king of the kings, and the second part is The war of the tribe




















Part One
The King of the King

 























  Chapter One  Life
  The main brain of the AKQJ organization, ACE, is full of legends throughout his life. He was originally the son of a prominent speculator. Father is the famous godfather of security, Andrei, his theory is regarded as authority, when he speaks, investors, experts The media reporters were quiet and listened to his words.
His investment career has been since the teens came into contact with stocks. Andre is like a drug addiction, and since then it has been deeply speculative. I am fascinated by the stimuli and risks. For nearly eight decades, he has been dealing with various stocks, bonds, currencies, futures and other commodities .Dealing with it, and enjoying it, he has always been self-proclaimed by speculators. Although he earned enough money to support his old age at the age of 35,However, this does not mean that his investment is smooth sailing. On the contrary, he has gone bankrupt twice. He himself is also in his own hands .I believe that if I have 51 successes in a hundred speculations, I will be lucky, but because of my experience, he has Have keen observation and extraordinary judgment and accumulate wealth, and enjoy the old age in Switzerland. Because he has a lot of experience
He has a keen eye for observation and extraordinary judgment and has accumulated wealth. He earned a lot of wealth in his early years. In his later years, He started writing. He wrote 13 books on investment, securities, currency, wealth, and securities psychology in his life. But there is little mention of his family, and perhaps no one is interested in his private life. ACE may be his only relative, In the memory of ACE, my father has long been forgotten. Since he started to understand things, he has followed the housekeeper and domestic helper, and the housekeeper Become the only relative of ACE. After that, there was a woman in his family who claimed to be the mother of ACE. Because of the emergence of this woman, the ACE family was in crisis, this dangerous woman came to annex The property of the ACE family, she may be really an ACE mother, but ACE's life is unknown, even familiar The housekeeper is also unclear who the ACE mother is, but the butler has heard that ACE is not a close relative of Andre This is even more unremarkable.
The family of the late ACE, because of the dangerous woman, was killed, chased, the butler led ACE desperately The escape, there are legends accusing the dangerous woman is to kill the main brain of ACE, but when the incident, the dangerous woman Has disappeared. More rumors that the dangerous woman has been killed, true and false, are just rumors, housekeeper Leading ACE through the city, the more you escape, the more you escape, but they never escape the bad luck. As a result, the housekeeper saves The life of ACE was sacrificed, and the property secrets of the ACE family were entrusted before the housekeeper's death. ACE is Protect the family's property and continue to fight desperately. Finally, ACE escaped to a place where people are rare, one Mysterious alien, this place, ACE has never been touched. He is constantly looking for a way out here, but he Lost direction, suddenly, he somehow fainted.
When ACE wakes up, it has become a living sacrifice of a mysterious tribe, this nation,
Quite civilized, and extremely devout of the gods, frequent ritual activities and live sacrifices, is an ancient religious ritual That is to use the people as sacrifices to sacrifice the gods. The sacrifices not only have rich treasures, but also sacrifice the sun god with the hearts of the living. This time, the ceremonial tribe of the Sun God is going to make a living sacrifice with ACE from the oysters. ACE is lost in the jungle. The elders of the upper tribe, in the eyes of the tribe, ACE is an uninvited guest, an intruder, so ACE is used by the elders. After ambush, then fainted, they killed the ACE captive as a sacrifice. AKQJ  







Chapter Two  Bloody moon night

    A bloody moon night, the mysterious tribe began to sacrifice the solar ritual with the living, religion is The mysterious tribe occupies a very important position, and there are many gods, namely the creation god, the rain god, Corn God, Black God of War, Man Offering God, Fengshen, solar, Luna, Polaris God, Suicide Goddess, etc. The highest of them is the solar. This time, ACE will serve as a living sacrifice for the mysterious tribe. The tribe will carry the captives to the altar, dig out the heart to worship the sun god, and then throw the heart into a stone In the container held by the idol, the body was thrown down the steps of the temple. This is an extremely ferocious killing technique, captive The heart is alive, this time, ACE can't escape this robbery, just as the tribe started, it was originally blood red. The moon, the dark moon, is the appearance of the lunar eclipse in a civilized society, but in the tribe In the eyes, they are seen as warnings of the solar. They are very respectful to the solar. This phenomenon rarely appears on the sacrifice.
The entire tribe also fell into panic immediately, all worshipped in the ground, and they realized that they had sinned the solar. So the sun god shaded the red moon.
At this time, the elders seemed to be comprehended, and he realized that it was a living sacrifice ACE. This person who is regarded as a prisoner by the tribe is not a Limin, not a prisoner. Then the elders ordered Let go of the ACE. When the ACE is released, the moon in the sky returns to chastity, and the elders determine that it is The warning of the solar. The elders ordered the ACE to be brought to the temple, and the priests prayed for the gods. Ming reasons, after the priest's ceremony, it is concluded that the original ACE is the supreme god The son of the solar, the tribe heard the priest’s words stunned, everyone did not dare to speak, elders The ACE was ordered to be released, and the elders instructed ACE to check in front of him. This tribe is The legendary king of the king--three-eyed nation, this nation has been passed down from generation to generation
The third eye, the third eye, also known as the eye, has an incredible power.
Can predict the end, confuse the mind and other forces, because the third eye has these powers,
So for the sake of prevention, the three-eyed nation learned to use a mysterious plant liquid to extract a kind of Transparent syrup, use this syrup to draw a similar gyro in the position of the third eye The symbol, the third eye is sealed. Only the priest can open the seal. Elders Check ACE, and sure enough there is a hidden symbol between the ACE's eyebrows, this symbol Unlike the symbols that have been passed down from generation to generation, the symbols that ACE has are exactly the solar at the time. Symbol  symbol. This proves that ACE is the son of the tribe to worship the solar. At this time The priest opened the third eye that ACE had been sealed, and the ACE’s eyebrows turned out to be A hidden third eye appears.

Since then, the entire tribe has begun to worship ACE, which is called the Highness by the Horde and has a lofty status. Maybe ACE is really the son of the solar, or maybe it’s just a pure match, no matter what the answer, ACE has also become a tribal commander. AKQJ  





Chapter Three  The son of Solar
     ACE became the tribal commander, and was called the Highness by the Horde, and his status was supreme. This tribe has Highly intelligent, mastering a high degree of construction technology, creating a high degree of urban civilization, mastering the height of the number Learning and astronomical calendar knowledge. Known as "the most glorious product of the human mind," the ancients did not know the telescope. But know the precise running cycle of the celestial body, and the ancients know that the length of the solar year is 365.2420, they count Calculate the correct time for one year is 365 days and 3 hours, 45 minutes and 48 seconds, the calculation of the rendezvous cycle of Venus It is accurate, and it is observed that on March 15 of each year, the Pleiades will rise in the sky, with a long-term view. Look at the December winter solstice, the Earth and the Sun and the Milky Way Center are slowly approaching and lined up in a straight line.It happened once around 26,000 years and is one of the sources of human demise. The tribe has no metal tools, Under the condition that the wheeled vehicle will not be used, a city with a large scale and full-featured urban civilization will be created. It can be seen that its advanced building standards and engineering skills. Created an amazingly high degree of civilization. The tribe has more abundant products, and agriculture is based on corn. Therefore, it is also called "corn civilization. "There were no irons at the time, but there were pottery and stone tools, and obsidian was distributed in areas with or without volcanic activity. Most of them are dark green to black, and natural obsidian has a "colorful eye" effect in the sun. The characteristics of the broken section are shell-shaped, very sharp. Use obsidian to make the blade.
   ACE leads this mysterious and incredible tribe, and has learned a high level of knowledge from this tribe. Such as precision mathematics, astronomy, architecture, calendars, including metallurgy, extracting metals from ore, And use various processing methods to make metal materials with certain properties, due to the eye of ACE When he is opened, he will have an incredible power of God. Is a change in a certain area of the brain, producing a supernatural phenomenon In the brain, near-apoptotic cells have an unexplained autologous micro-evolutionary programmed cell death. The order of the internal structure is crossed, so the function of the gods is above the law of matter, and it can have perspective and telepathy. Hypnosis, predictive ability, etc. These unique knowledge and abilities became the ACE's ability in the future, driving him to become a god. The general organization of the main brain.
     ACE lives in this tribe. There are always wars between tribes and city-states. Those city-states have always been hidden in Under the civilization, for generations, life and death, such as; wolves are herders, also hunting, they have the habit of killing horses, After the horse was killed, the horses were made into branches by horses to ask the tribes of God. The headhunter is an indigenous person, and the indigenous people have the courage to kill the enemy. The enemy's corpse cut a knife in the back of the body and remove the skull from it. Use palm needles to cover your eyes and mouth to prevent the inner soul. The custom of "escape" has been popular among indigenous peoples and is called a headhunter. The cannibals are barbaric tribes that capture humanity. After the feast, sacrifice the head, peel the skin, remove the meat and cook it and eat it as a cannibal. Bloodthirsty family has tooth decay and bloodthirsty The way to destroy the enemy is called the bloodthirsty. And the savage people are Ru Mao drinking blood, wearing animal skins, holding weapons, defending in the jungle  The tribe is called the Savage. … and many more. Still retaining their traditional unique survival patterns, but only by civilization Covering up, there are rumors that these tribes have been annihilated or lost, but they have never shown evidence of their extinction or loss. Just as the three-eyed nation was once considered to be annihilated, many assumptions were made, such as foreign invasions, 



.

Chapter Four  The Wild Wolf Valley
     After ACE became the commander of the tribe, he must participate in the war of the tribe, and the war and civilization of the tribe The war is very different. The war of civilization is mostly out of some unreasonable excuses, greed...etc. But the war between the tribes is based on survival, the winner becomes king, and the loser is awkward. They have no weapons of civilization,
Military strategy, etc., only the original weapons made of stone or metal, the loser side often becomes the captive of the winner, The tribes will use their rituals to execute prisoners and even treat them like food. Maybe they The technique is extremely fierce in the eyes of civilization, but it is also the most primitive way of animal hunting, such as: Lions, tigers and other beasts are also treating prey. In fact, civilized people will use various means. Killing the enemy is just a different way. Civilian weapons are often more lethal than tribes. It must be strong, bigger, and more cruel. So some scholars refer to the last human beings. It is because of civilization and perish. That is to say, the civilization of mankind is the last reason for self-destruction.。

   Go back and say, the three-eyed tribe, they are the king of the people, because they have incomparable wisdom in the tribe  The war is invincible, but they will not be murderous and not as brutal as other tribes. The three-eyed family will only perform live sacrifices on selected days, but it is found that ACE is the son of the solar After that, it is almost extinct. In a war with the Savage, the two sides did not give each other, this war situation Fierce, ACE is the commander of this war, he also participated in it, and as a result, he was chased by the enemy, so He desperately fled to the valley, the enemy has been chasing after him, he did not pay attention to the valley. He is straight  The bottom of the valley, the end of life and death.

      ACE is fortunate enough to die, he fell into the valley of the Wolf Valley, the Wolf Valley is The wolf's disk is based on ground. Of course, the Wolf Valley is surrounded by wild wolves. The wolves and the wolves are passed down from generation to generation. Peaceful coexistence. The wolf is actually tame and only attacks the enemy. When ACE wakes up, it has been The wolves are surrounded, but the wolves did not attack the ACE, just waiting around the ACE, it seems It is waiting for the order. Legend has it that the leader of the wolf is passed down from generation to generation as a woman, but never No appearances, the legendary people who have seen the leader of the wolf, no one will be spared, so there is no one, so no one I have met the leader side. ACE has never set foot in the Wolf Valley, so he doesn't know the body. The wolves on the side are enemies and friends. He was injured because of Shibuya at the time, and the whole body could not move. ACE  Know that this wolf group should be kind, because he was injured and fell to the ground, if this wolf is malicious He has already lost his life, but ACE is still not attacked by wolves. Maybe ACE and this wolf group Having a relationship, or perhaps for other reasons, ACE is not aware of it.

       When ACE is half-awake, a woman appears from the wolf, when this woman appears
All the wolves are as if they are worshipping her. The woman is interspersed in the wolves and goes straight to the ACE. She Instinct with the nose, sniffing ACE, her body is not consciously close to ACE, ACE with half a sly eyes Seeing that this woman turned out to be a beauty of Peugeot and has primitive wildness.。 





Chapter Five  Wolf

   This Peugeot woman is the leader of the wolf family. The wolf is passed down from generation to generation to be a matriarchal society. It has been said that generations are dominated by women, and there are more legends that the wolves themselves have no males and males are in the wolves.
It only serves as a mating character. When a male mate with a wolf woman, it will become a wolf.
Food, there is another legend that the wolf’s earlier was a woman who was demolished by a man, this woman Because she escaped the smashing into the wolf valley, she later saved her life from the wolves, and finally the woman was there. The life of the wolf valley and wolves has evolved into a wolf, so the wolf is passed down from generation to generation to hate men.。

   In this case, why ACE can be alive, the main reason may be that ACE is the son of solar.
The identity of the son of solar therefore awe of the tribes. This female leader protects ACE, with
ACE returned to the base camp of the wolf, and in addition to the wolves, the old and tender women in the base camp. It’s really like a legend, there is no male. When the tribe saw the first tie, a man
Sexually come back, everyone also expressed surprise that this place is a male forbidden place, why the leader is so daring  She murmured to the leader a few words, these words are suspected to be the wolf language. Leader It is to show everyone that ACE is the the son of solar, the third eye of ACE 
The pattern can confirm his identity. When the wolf people also saw it, everyone also prone
Worship ACE. Yes, the sun god is the supreme patron of all tribes. So ACE was worshipped. The 
wolf knows that ACE has been injured, leaving ACE in In the base camp, he was taken care of by the leader. The leader’s name in the wolf is “Nymphs”. It is the name of the goddess of ancient Greece. It is a natural illusionary elf, generally beautiful The image of a girl.

      “Nymphs”. It’s really a Peugeot woman, she is not only singular, but also intelligent and gentle.
She has always been a strong leader of the entire wolf. During the healing period of ACE, it is
She is waiting around ACE. Because she is too beautiful ACE inadvertently fell in love with her.
And “Nymphs” seems to have a subtle feeling for ACE, but according to the wolf tradition
The rules are absolutely impossible to fall in love, and men cannot survive in the wolves.
“Nymphs” is very clear in her heart, so she has been holding back the feelings of ACE.
ACE is She took good care of her and gradually recovered. As ACE began to recover, he could not continue. Stay in the Wild Wolf Valley. He must leave the Wolf Valley and return to his three-eyed family. “Nymphs” my heart is really disappointing to leave ACE, but her identity does not allow her to ACE Expressing feelings, so she had to hide in her heart forever, and ACE was meant to marry
“Nymphs” but the wolf does not agree, because this is the rule left by the wolf, The tribe can never ban, even if it is the ACE of the sun god, it is no exception. ACE can only form an alliance with the wolf in the identity of the three-eyed commander.






  Chapter Six  The tears of Apache
   Obsidian is known as "The tears of Apache". In a legend, a team in the tribe has an enemy ambush. Outnumbered, the whole army was annihilated, the bad news came, the tears of the family’s tears, scattered on the ground, they changed. It became a small black stone. Whoever has such a black meteorite will never use it. I cried again, because the girl of Apache had already shed tears for you, and "The Tears of Apache" got its name. Black scorpion itself is one of the most absorptive gems among all spar, and obsidian is used as a tool to exorcise evil spirits.Even the treasure obsidian is a type of igneous rock that is formed by the rapid cooling of volcanic lava. Very sharp, in the Temple of the Three Eyes, this stone is often used as the eye of a beast or statue or as a weapon. Obsidian There is a kind of rainbow black scorpion, which has the effect that the energy magnetic field of the rainbow light has a desire to achieve, so it is regarded as
treasure.
      The products of the three-eyed nation are very rich, including obsidian, and the general obsidian will be trio. Used as a decorative idol and weapon, this stone is very sharp and hard, can cut any object, use it as a weapon The obsidian arrow is a special technology of the three-eyed nation. The obsidian knife is very sharp and its power is quite amazing. Therefore, the three-eyed family can fight invincible. This kind of stone also has exorcism, guards peace, and uses money for blessing.Therefore, the three-eyed family will use this stone as the eye of the god, and it will make the image more solemn and absorb the energy of light.。  

       The three-eyed nation also has this rainbow black scorpion, which is considered a treasure. It is said that this gems have magical  Strength can drive out bad luck and bring luck. Anyone who owns this gem can fulfill his wish and have more orders. People are not old, the mysterious effect of immortality, so extremely precious, this gem is said to be only in three eyes Found in the family, and the three-eyed nation also believes that this rainbow black scorpion is a peerless treasure, so it is hidden in the temple, only The ruler can have it. Therefore, this gem has become an excuse for the tribes to compete for and to invade. Since ancient times, the three-eyed nation has been the king of all ethnic groups, so no tribe can succeed, and the three-eyed nation makes good use of this gem. They use the characteristics of gems to study the technique of immortality. They are extremely eager to eternal life, and eternal life can surpass the flesh The shackles, the soul is free, the concept of the three-eyed nation believes that people are basically divided into two parts: the soul and the soul. It is the main body, the flesh is only the carrier, the soul can actually attach to any carrier, and the flesh will change with time. The soul is free and independent. In other words, the concept of eternal life is to separate the body from the soul. Without the shackles of the flesh, you will be free. This point has a strange pattern on the top cover of the tribe's mausoleum. This pattern has caused a lot of discussion so far, its meaning is still not very clear, in fact, this pattern is Represents eternal life. It is the eternal life that the tribe has been studying. It probably means that mastering this eternal life can be done after death. With the shackles of the flesh, the soul is free, but these are only known to the three-eyed nation So later archaeology  The family excavated the tomb, and found the body of the person in power that year, just the flesh, the soul has long been detached into an undead body, and this Is the mysterious power of gems, the three-eyed nation uses gems to refine the undead medicine, taking this undead medicine, the soul will be with the flesh  Separation. The soul is free and becomes undead.。 
   Later, this very sharp, hard, jewel was also used by ACE to create a unique weapon for the organization .These skills ACE are all learned from the tribe.。



  Chapter Seven  Pyramid
                     The three-eyed created a high degree of urban civilization without the use of metal tools and the use of wheeled vehicles .From its large and well-functioning urban relics, it can be seen that its advanced building standards and engineering Learn the technical level. Many buildings are used for religious ceremonies and instructions of the gods, of which the pyramid is the most classic. The pyramid of the legendary three-eyed is different from the pyramids of other places. The general pyramid is used as the royal family. The mausoleum, but the use of the three-eyed is a god, the three-eyed is extremely convinced that the gods, the reason they built the pyramid is Used to communicate with the gods, the degree of sophistication is almost unprecedented, and there is no one to follow, according to the calculation pyramid of the three-eyed . There are just a lot of 365 steps, which means one year. This is not random, but for special reasons. The three-eyed  is said to have a very high level of intelligence, and these unique knowledge is beyond the limits of humanity. Is a mystery.    
  The three-eyed astronomy has a very good success and will use a long calendar, which is recorded in a linear relationship. A great system for events. A fairly understanding of the linear concept of time is the past, present, and future concepts. Calendar cycle Repeat, observe the natural phenomenon cycle to repeat the image of death and new life, pay attention to time, cyclical point of view, point out In addition to the world in which humans live today, there are other worlds. The solar calendar of the three-eyed is the peasant calendar, and monthly. In the eighteenth day of the twenty-first day, and the five-day end of the year is called " Wayeb ", the three-eyed believes that the Wayeb is a dangerous period. During the nameless day, the door separating the mortal and the underworld disappeared without any restraint to stop the evil spirits from rising. In order to avoid these evil spirits, there are some customs and rituals during the period. Many ceremonies are ending with many different cycles Start over. When a particular calendar configuration is repeated again, it also has a related "supernatural" effect. Can use this omen to do divination. The time of the ceremonies and major events will be chosen to be set in the good day, and avoid being placed on the fierce day. The three-eye can calculate the Venus cycle very accurately. The Venus calendar system is based on the cyclical operation of Venus. The three-eyed values the Venus cycle, which considers the Venus cycle to be related to war and uses it for the good fortune of the war of divination and the coronation ceremony. Ruler accounting painting starts when Venus rises。
    The three-eyed uses the precise calendar to accurately calculate the date of the sacrifice, and uses the pyramid of the high-level building to sacrifice. In a religious ritual on a specific day, the trio people believe that the top of the pyramid can communicate with the gods, and the gods of the three-eyed may It is an alien called by civilization. The words and murals carved from the remains of many three-eyed people are also engraved with suspicious civilization. Pictures of the era's astronauts or humans entering the cosmic ship, fully showing the ancient three-eyed or once and alien People are exposed, so they have a very high level of intelligence and technology, but this is also speculation, and there is no real evidence. Prove that although the sacrificial rituals of the three-eyed people are based on religion or for other reasons, they always carry out various kinds of famous Sacrifice. Sacrifice life to prove the awe of the gods, for example: in the red moonlight night, the sacrifice of the sun god ceremony, When the sun is shaded in the rare season, the rain festival is carried out in the night. It is a child sacrificed to pray for rain and fertile fields. They will throw the child into the sacred limestone cave.....etc. These bloody sacrifices are then under ACE Gradually disappear, because the three-eyed family is convinced that ACE is the supreme god, the son of the solar。

        



  Chapter Eight   Feathered Serpent
    The three-eyed is extremely devout of the gods. In addition to fearing the sun god, there are other gods, including the creation god. Rain god, corn god, black war god, human sacrifice god, wind god, sun god, lunar god, polar star god, suicide goddess, Feathered snake god....etc. Among them, the status of the feather snake is second only to the sun god. The feather snake is depicted as a feathered snake. He dominated the morning star, invented books, calendars, and brought corn to humans. Feathered snake god also represents death And rebirth.。

   The Feathered Serpent is coming with the rainy season. The rainy season coincides with the time of the three-eyed corn. Thus the Feathered Serpent Become a revered god, the name of the feather zombie is, Kukulkan, the legend is still in the three-eyed family living in Yucatan In one of the stories, Kukulkan is a boy who was born a snake. As he gets older, you can It is obvious that he is a feather snake, and the other is taking care of him in the cave. Later, he was too big to feed again. Then they flew away from the cave and flew into the sea, causing an earthquake. In order to let you know that he is still alive, Kukulkan is at seven every year. The month will cause an earthquake. Kukulcan became a winged snake, he flew to the sun and tried to speak to the sun, but the sun Burned his tongue because it burned too much. He crossed Yucatan and communicated with Rain God, predicting heavy rain, Kukulkan swinging The wind generated by the tail sweeps the earth and keeps it clean. This is the legend of the feather snake god. Three-eyed Very awe, the three-eyed has a pyramid to worship the Feathered Serpent. Two snake heads are carved at the bottom corners of the north side of the pyramid. Every spring and autumn, when the sun sets, you can see the shadow of the snake head projected on the ground and many triangles. Shaped together, become a very dynamic flying snake. It symbolizes the coming and flying of the snakes in these two days.
It is said that this wonder can only be seen in these two days. The three-eyed can use this to bring astronomy and construction The intuitive scenery of the art is superbly combined to accurately grasp the time of farming. At the same time, it also accurately grasps worship The timing of the Feathered Serpent. The image of the feathered snake god is the basic combination of the main body of the snake body and the feathers that take off. The dragon is like. The trio people believe that snakes are a very spiritual animal that can cross the various layers of the universe and help them with Communicate with the gods or ancestors. It symbolizes the sacredness of the entire three-eyed Therefore, from the ancient times to the present, the three-eyed family also regarded the snake as a god. animal。

      The three-eyed people have some kind of respect for the snakes. They are good at making pottery. In the pottery, there is a suspect. Ocarina's tools, but this small but not eye-catching thing, has not been detailed, only as a pottery, This tool produces a sweet sound that can tame a spiritual creature. Such as The snake of the three-eyed awe is controlled by the three-eyes as long as it hears the sound of the tool. and so, The snake and the three-eyed can live in peace. Not only that, but this kind of thing is also a ritual offering, at religious ceremonies. The priest will use this mysterious tool, the sound that is emitted, and the soul of freedom and all kinds of spiritual creatures. Sacrifice is very important for the three-eyed , and calling the soul is a very important part of the ceremony. Three-eyed a cyclical view, meaning that there are other worlds besides the world in which humans live today. So the soul is there, so in the religious ceremony, the three-eyed includes the free soul and various spiritual creatures. There must be a ceremony. To show the fear of the gods.。

Chapter Nine  Death Bottle
      The three-eyed believes in eternal life and believes that human death is not an end. For the three-eyed Perhaps human death contains another meaning and symbol, and archaeologists discover rare mysteries in the remains of the three-eyed The "Death Bottle" bottle is engraved with scrolls and snake-like patterns, each of which is engraved with a leaf-like bat The pattern of the bat's head. It is a bottle without a cork. There is still a sacrifice at the bottom of the bottle for the food, cocoa enema. Liquid and a drug that induces vomiting. It may be the items used by the three-eyed at the time to worship with the ancestors. This was excavated under a small pyramid-shaped palace with a human skeleton wreck next to the bottle. Archaeology believes that it is an important figure among the three-eyed people buried in this place. Who is it? ?
     The utensils used by the three-eyed in the ritual ceremony, when people take the drug substance in the bottle, they will show their spirits. It is believed that this state can achieve psychic with the ancestors, and the future disaster can be predicted through contact and communication with the ancestors. There are several kinds of psychic methods for sacrificing rituals: the rituals cut or blood on their bodies, and a large amount of oral supplements. The enema fluid produces a coma; or it sucks the human brain and then vomits. Causes severe vomiting and fainting The fascinating state allows the user to enter an illusion state, which enables communication with the ancestors to anticipate the future. Sacrifices are not Self-mutilation, even death with a smile, is not a miracle at all, the three-eyed family gradually learns to refine from plants from the course of life. A hallucinogen that is numb, hallucinatory, vomiting, and even uncomfortable with physical functioning, as long as normal people are in contact Infiltration through the skin, or excessive inhalation, will be self-injury in the case of unconsciousness, and even self-injury
In the pleasure of liberation, people end their lives in the loss of reason. So it is called the "death bottle." This, archaeological The scholar has no affirmative answer so far.。
       However, the three-eyed is extremely eager to eternal life, eternal life can surpass the shackles of the flesh, the soul is free, three eyes The concept of the family believes that people are basically the body and the soul are the main body, the body is only the carrier, the body will be at any time. Change is made between the other, while the soul is free and independent. In other words, the concept of eternal life is to separate the body from the soul. Get rid of the shackles of the flesh and you will be free. Therefore, the three-eyed family refines the undead medicine, taking this undead medicine, the soul will be with the meat. Body separation. The soul is free and becomes undead. ACE, the son of the sun god, has no life for him or her. Theory, however, the mysterious religious rituals in a tribe have given ACE another idea of death. At this ceremony The three-eyed people are also very serious, and everyone gathers in front of the temple to wait. And this religious ritual ACE is not I have seen this, and this is his first time to participate. Under the blazing fire, the selected person paints a characteristic pattern with paint. Under the testimony of the tribe, the man took a medicine, and then the person entered an unclear state, and finally took the knife and killed himself. When the face is with joy, this is not the essence of the ritual. When the man is lying on the ground, a strange scene appears. It made the ACE unforgettable. Under the witness of everyone, the soul of that person left the flesh and drifted in the air. Initially, ACE thought It is an illusion, but the soul has not disappeared and is free. ACE believes that this is not an illusion, it is real. ACE knows one of the tribes DC transmits eternal life and undead medicine, but he has always been able to experience such a thing.
This religious ritual is the most sacred of the This selected person is taking this undead medicine, so the soul can be separated from the body. This religious instrument has no solid eye. The date of the appointment, the auspicious date calculated according to the calendar of the three-eyed in conjunction with the selected person, the selected person must have The vision of separation of soul  and body can occur in certain conditions in the trinex。



  Chapter Ten  Subway
     The three-eyed has a cyclical view of past, present, and future concepts, pointing out that in addition to human beings today There are other worlds outside the world of residence. After the soul is free, you can travel freely in time. Therefore, the three-eyed believes that it needs a mysterious passage that can lead to the past, present and future.。
        Archaeologists found a tunnel in the site of the three-eyed The subway is 250 meters deep, but three eyes. Why built this subway, the answer is still a mystery, there are many different sayings, some say it is the road to heaven, some It is said that the "spirit" lived, and more said that it was related to the sudden disappearance of the three-eyed , that the subway was used by the three-eyed Come and flee to the depths of the earth, because the three-eyed knows that the ground is empty, the three-eyed people believe in the end of the world, to avoid the world. At the end of the day, the place of residence of the center of the earth was built and moved to the center of the earth. This is all rumor. The mystery of the three-eyed building The reason for the subway has not yet been answered. In fact, the secret of the subway is only known to the three-eyed . Based on that religious ceremony let ACE know that there is really a separation between the soul and the body in the family, so ACE believes that the soul is free, can
Unrestrained to any place. One day, the three-eyed took the ACE to the temple. This temple is not in the eyes of ACE. What is special, but when the patriarch opened the hidden door hidden under the temple, ACE found out that there was a mystery inside. ACE followed the patriarch went down the stone ladder, step by step, step by step, and the stone ladder was dark. It seemed to be an endless cascade. ACE doesn't know where to go. When it was at the end of the stone ladder, under the torchlight of the patriarch, ACE looked at it. Staying, it subway out to be a long, unfinished subway. What is the starting point and the end point of this subway? do not know. The patriarch did not bring the ACE into the subway, just let ACE take a look. After that, they are along the stone Ladder to the ground。
       Back to the ground patriarch and ACE in the temple, the patriarch showed the ACE a blueprint of wonders, the hand-painted figure of the similar structure is drawn with a long spiral ladder. This spiral ladder seems to be familiar and familiar. The composition, ACE carefully watched, he found that the blueprint of this spiral ladder is similar to the arrangement of human DNA, it turns out that he I just stepped on this spiral ladder, which made the ACE even more amazed, but what the hell is going on, the patriarch is unable to do anything. The ACE explains this blueprint in detail. This blueprint is the sacred passage of the three-eyed , with incredible power. The trinex has a cyclical view of the past, present, and future concepts, so the free soul needs a subway.to travel through time and space, so build this subway. However, not everyone can know, because human beings are here. when the road is lost, the person will disappear in time and space, and it will also disrupt the time and space. The past history will change accordingly. And directly affecting the end, like an ordinary person going to this subway, he walked to the side of the past history, and lost the way, this Individuals will stay somewhere in history, which is very troublesome, because this person can't appear in that time and space. As a result, this person will appear in time and space for a short time because he can't adapt to the space, and then it will be wiped out because of this person. After staying somewhere in history, the smoke will disappear, and now and at the end will change because of this. The situation is like a butterfly. effect, because this person suddenly disappeared, causing everything around this person to change, for example: This person could have lived At the age of 80, I married and organized a family, but this person suddenly disappeared at the age of 40, so that he would happen after 40 years old. The change of the matter may be because his wife remarried, but his original child changed, everything Everything will directly affect the end, so this mysterious tunnel must be sealed, only the free soul can freely lead。







  Chapter 11  Prophecy (I)
     In addition to the two-eyed race in the spring equinox and the autumn equinox, when the sun sets, the pyramid of the goddess of the goddess You can see that the snake head is projected into a very dynamic flying snake. It symbolizes the coming and flying of the snakes in these two days .In addition to this wonder, other incredible scenes will appear in the ceremonies of the sacrifices on certain days. When the astronomical phenomenon of Venus transit occurs, the sun, Venus and the Earth line up in a line, and Venus passes through the Earth. The transit phenomenon occurs when the orbit is flat, and the principle is the same as the eclipse caused by the moon. Venus transit is a rare The astronomical phenomenon occurs twice in 8 years, and the three-eyed family will make a monthly sacrifice on the day of Venus’s transit. The whole ceremony will be held. The Karakmur Pyramid is the highest and most majestic of the three-eyed family. The legend of the three-eyed refers to the pyramid The top of the door is the door of the gods. On the day of Venus, the door leading to the gods will open, and the gods will come and predict. future. This month's festival is quite large. This month's festival, ACE plays an important role, ACE is the son of the solar .Representing the three-eyed in contact with the gods. ACE is placed on the altar to wait for the gods to come。
       Just when the closest moment to the center of Venus and the surface of the sun is called "Ling Shi", Now the vision, the whole tribe becomes dark and dull, the wind blows the wind, the sound of the suspected roar, starts to thunder, lightning, The lightning is getting more and more frequent, and the lightning in the sky suddenly turns into a clear visible dragon. The dragon appears next to it. If the lightning of the evil spirits fought, a loud deafening sound was heard. At this time, the whole people also worshipped in this place, this battle For a long time, the lightning of the evil spirits disappeared, the thunder was still, and the stars appeared in the sky, and the dragon became A column of light, from the top of the pyramid through the ACE on the altar, ACE is suspended In the air, then the whole person makes a dazzling light. At this time, the whole people call for a dialect, probably a call. God, the god has fallen on ACE, ACE stands in the air, his fingers are in the open space, the open space is Like the reflection of water, the photo shows the prophecy, called the five solar ages.。
    Nahui Ocelotl -It was these four gods who eventually created all the other gods and the world we know today, but before they could create they had to destroy, for every time they attempted to create something, it would fall into the water beneath them and be eaten by Cipactli, the giant earth crocodile, who swam through the water with mouths at every one of her joints. The four Tezcatlipocas descended the first people who were giants. They created the other gods, the most important of whom were the water gods: Tlaloc, the god of rain and fertility and Chalchiuhtlicue, the goddess of lakes, rivers and oceans, also the goddess of beauty. To give light, they needed a god to become the sun and the Black Tezcatlipoca was chosen, but either because he had lost a leg or because he was god of the night, he only managed to become half a sun. The world continued on in this way for some time, but a sibling rivalry grew between Quetzalcoatl and his brother the mighty sun, who Quetzalcoatl knocked from the sky with a stone club. With no sun, the world was totally black and in his anger, Tezcatlipoca commanded his jaguars to eat all the people。
    Nahui Ehecatl。The gods created a new group of people to inhabit the Earth, this time they were of normal size. Quetzalcoatl became the new sun and as the years passed, the people of the Earth grew less and less civilized and stopped showing proper honor to the gods. As a result, Tezcatlipoca demonstrated his power and authority as god of sorcery and judgment by turning the animalistic people into monkeys. Quetzalcoatl, who had loved the flawed people as they were, became upset and blew all of the monkeys from the face of the Earth with a mighty hurricane. He then stepped down as the sun to create a new people。
 



                       Chapter 12  Prophecy(Below) 
     Nahui Quiahuitl, Tlaloc became the next sun, but Tezcatlipoca seduced and stole his wife Xochiquetzal, the goddess of sex, flowers and corn. Tlaloc then refused to do anything other than wallow in his own grief, so a great drought swept the world. The people's prayers for rain annoyed the grieving sun and he refused to allow it to rain, but the people continued to beg him. Then, in a fit of rage he answered their prayers with a great downpour of fire. It continued to rain fire until the entire Earth had burned away. The gods then had to construct a whole new Earth from the ashes.。
     Nahui Atl。The next sun and also Tlaloc’s new wife, was Chalchiuhtlicue. She was very loving towards the people, but Tezcatlipoca was not. Both the people and Chalchiuhtlicue felt his judgment when he told the water goddess that she was not truly loving and only faked kindness out of selfishness to gain the people’s praise. Chalchiuhtlicue was so crushed by these words that she cried blood for the next fifty-two years, causing a horrific flood that drowned everyone on Earth. Humans became fish in order to survive。
      Nahui Ollin, Quetzalcoatl would not accept the destruction of his people and went to the underworld where he stole their bones from the godMictlantecuhtli. He dipped these bones in his own blood to resurrect his people, who reopened their eyes to a sky illuminated by the current sun, Huitzilopochtli. The Tzitzimimeh, or stars, became jealous of their brighter, more important brother Huitzilopochtli. Their leader, Coyolxauhqui, goddess of the moon, lead them in an assault on the sun and every night they come close to victory when they shine throughout the sky, but are beaten back by the mighty Huitzilopochtli who rules the daytime sky. To aid this all-important god in his continuing war, the Aztecs offer him the nourishment of human sacrifices. They also offer human sacrifices to Tezcatlipoca in fear of his judgment, offer their own blood to Quetzalcoatl, who opposes fatal sacrifices, in thanks of his blood sacrifice for them and give offerings to many other gods for many purposes. Should these sacrifices cease, or should mankind fail to please the gods for any other reason, this fifth sun will go black, the world will be shattered by a catastrophic earthquake, and the Tzitzimitl will slay Huitzilopochtli and all of humanity.
       This is the prediction of the three-eyed They expect to go through four civilizations in the world and call it in prophecy.The four civilizations of the "Five Suns", the first solar age is the Matrakli-Ghdaya civilization, the second The solar age is the Ikotel-Misobdaya civilization (Babylon), and the third solar age is Quyavilo-Muria.Civilization (M Empire), the fourth solar age is the Zongdririk-Atlantis civilization, the last, the fifth solar age It refers to the "end of the world" prophecy. After these prophecies are over, the ACE’s original floating body glows, and the light disappears.The whole person entered a state of fainting, and the body slowly landed on the ground by the air. The dawn of the earth appears, the entire moon festival, the duration For the whole night, the ritual was completed as the prophecy ended. It may be that ACE is used by the gods, so he ends the prophecy, Because I am too tired to faint. Perhaps ACE himself does not know the content of prophecy, but these prophecies are very Important, after the period, the three-eyed family inherited a hand roll, clearly recorded this experience, and this experience, on civilization There is a deep influence. The first four solar ages, as in the history of mankind, appear as prophecy, regardless of time, characters The location, the rise and the mourning are all prophetic, so humans agree and affirm the accuracy of the prediction of the three-eyed However, on the last page, there is a description of the doomsday scene, which envisions a flood that will destroy the entire world. The prophecy refers to three disasters on the earth. The first one is the two-pole reversal. It refers to a series of volcanic eruptions, causing earthquakes and tsunamis. The second is the overlapping of celestial bodies, which means that a mysterious planet is moving towards the earth, and the earth will disappear. The third It is the solar storm that means that the sun's light will burn the earth. So far, scientists are still solving the mystery of the end of the world.。

                      Chapter 13  The Tzolkin
     Legend has it that the three-eyed can communicate with the aliens, and there is a legend that there is a name in the universe. The legend of the Tzolkin, this legend is not uncommon, because the three-eyed  uses three different calendars. They are 365 days in the long calendar, 584 days in the Habu calendar, and 260 days in the Tzolkin calendar. The long calendar and the habu calendar.The calculation is very accurate, and both of these objects can be found in the solar system, only 260 days of the Tzolkin calendar.13 months a year, 20 days a month, according to this algorithm, scientists do not have in the solar system. Find any planet with the same rules, scholars believe that this is actually the day of the three-eyed hometown In order not to forget the time of my hometown, I created the Tzolkin . This point can still be solved Therefore, the inference of Tzolkin。

      The legend of Tzolkin is in the universe and is the home of the three-eyed , but scientists have not found it in the solar system. This planet, but there is a ruined stone belt in the middle of Venus and the Earth with a suspected planetary explosion may be Tzolkin used to be a big planet with very good natural conditions, with liquid water, mountains and plains flowing in the river. They are all plants and animals. Because of the excellent soil and water, they have nurtured intelligent human beings. The three-eyed had a fairly developed civilization earlier. Even beyond the civilization of the earth, they are already able to travel long distances, they have been here. Living in the soil, later, do not know whether it is a natural factor or a human factor, Tzolkin will face an explosion, in the event of an explosion Before, the three-eyed family had already predicted it, so the three-eyed family had already evacuated to other planets, some of which were evacuated. Legend has it that fleeing to the earth, living on earth, and developing the three-eyed , because the three-eyed has extremely high intelligence, archaeologists believe that The trio is not the original aborigines of the earth, but it may be that some disasters have occurred on their original planet, so there is one Some of the three-eyed people’s earlier spacecraft came to our earth for refuge, and when the disaster ended, they came from the earth. Fly back to your own planet. These three-eyed people who came to the refuge on the earth earlier, because of the rush to walk during refuge, As for many important scientific and technological achievements, they have not been brought to the earth and are limited by the factors of the earth. Therefore, three eyes rich in mathematics, architecture, calendar, agriculture, and astronomical knowledge, but it is only part of the technology of the hometown. Others cannot be applied to the earth, and it is clear that the three-eyed is aware of this problem, and the earth's climate has taken place. Great changes can no longer adapt to the living environment of the earth, perhaps the Tzolkin is earlier than the earth, due to the Earth The three-eyed family is the person on the Tzolkin. So use the pyramid to communicate with the hometown Tzolkin and know the Tzolkin reconstruction. Restore all prehistoric civilizations to normal life. The three-eyed family was still ready to return to their own planet and decided to set it up. The equipment was placed on the spacecraft and returned to the hometown of Tzolkin, and no longer set foot on the earth. So the three-eyed family disappeared on the earth.。

    For the three-eyed to suddenly disappear from the earth, the scientists assumed a lot of inferences, such as: war, disease, etc. However, it is only inference that there is no substantive evidence, and this nation that transcends the knowledge of the earth suddenly disappears from the earth and disappears.
The speed is very fast, different from other ethnic groups, so the three-eyed is the person of Tzolkin. 
This is not a black spot. This is in many The reliefs left by the monuments left by the three-eyed , the fragments of the solar system model, and other machinery and tools made, there is reason to believe that The three-eyed had the ability to explore the universe very early, but this earth can produce such a super-super civilization? This is evidence that the Tzolkin had survived on Earth。


                     Chapter 14  The Earth
      The ancestors of the three-eyed the Tzolkin evacuated to other planets for refuge, and some came to Earth. Living into a three-eyed Tzolkin was originally a big planet with superior conditions, and the Tzolkin came to the world.I found that there is a big gap between the earth and the hometown, but for temporary shelter in order to evacuate。
       The three-eyeduses the knowledge of their hometown to build a civilized city on the earth, due to global conditions and limitations.With the development of the three-eyed, the three-eyed cannot build the earth according to their hometown, and the three-eyed believes that the earth can only live temporarily.
It is impossible to ban Tzolkin. But at that time, the civil society of the three-eyed built according to the blueprint of their hometown has already Beyond the level of the earth, the three-eyed has achieved the earth's super-civilized society, the astronomy of the earth, the calendar The building left a great contribution. The three-eyed lives on earth and has not forgotten their hometown. They created the 
Tzolkin Calendar. Use the Tzolkin Calendar to calculate the return to the hometown. The tribe has built a pyramid, and the pyramid of the three-eyed It is said that it is a misunderstanding of the use of the three-eyed people to communicate with the gods. The three-eyed is not with God.Ming communication is to connect with the hometown, the pyramid of the three-eyed is like a civilized telephone booth, which is shown in the Tzolkin calendar.On certain days, natural factors will be produced. This factor becomes a mysterious force that allows the top of the pyramid to be connected.Received a signal from the hometown of Tzolkin. The three-eyed thus understands the situation of the hometown, this mysterious power
Not only can you receive the signal of the hometown Tzolkin , but you can also receive the Venus on other planets. Signal, at the time, the Tzolkin exploded, the Tzolkin evacuated to other planets, the three-eyed living on Earth Only some of the Tzolkin people, the three-eyed can communicate with other Tzolkin through the pyramid.。

       In other words, the Tzolkin who fled the distraction were scattered in the universe, and the astronomers of the earth once pointed out silver. In the river system, there are other pyramid-like buildings on the other stars, which can prove the Tzolkin Existence, because the frequency of the Tzolkin living on other stars is different from the frequency that the Earth can receive. Therefore, astronomy and scientists can’t see it, and they can’t receive the Venus on the star. This is also The way the Tzolkin protects itself. Only the three-eyed can contact the Tzolkin Three-eyed The received signal knows that there are other stars in the universe that can live and are superior to the conditions of the earth .However, the three-eyed  cannot perform long-distance interstellar races on the earth like the living Venus. Subject to The earth's factors limit, the earth itself has gravity, and the matter will be attracted to the center of the earth by this gravity, that is, the earth's heart is sucking. Therefore, even if the three-eyed has intelligence and ability, the interstellar can’t experiment on the earth, so the three-eyed In earth research, the three-eyed must make tools that can break through the gravity of the earth before they can leave the earth, perhaps It will be strange, then how did the Tzolkin come to Earth? Because the material of the universe is different from Earth. The universe has a dark energy, and there are two forms in the dark energy. One is the "static" energy density. Evenly distributed in space, the second is the "dynamic" energy density, which varies with space and time. Turn. The fifth element is dynamic, with a density and state equation that varies with time and space. Therefore, this energy can produce time and space changes, so that you can instantly transfer from one place to the moment. Moving to another place explains why the Tzolkin s can move to Earth. And there is no on earth This energy cannot be transferred instantaneously. Therefore, the three-eyed cannot be transferred to their hometown or other stars.。


Chapter 15  The Grotto
        The three-eyed has a very high achievement, but the three-eyed suddenly disappeared on the earth and has always been an expert. The biggest mystery that scholars want to solve. Discover a large blue hole in the Caribbean Sea of Belize, Central America, archaeologist In the sediments of the reef lagoon around the Great Blue Cave, it was discovered that the proportion of titanium and aluminum varied, meaning that The rainfall will drop drastically, because of the 100-year drought, so the three-eyed gave up the highly developed civilization. Great migration. The city was completely abandoned, and the bustling big cities became ridiculous. Three-eyed civilization disappeared overnight
In the tropical jungle. This is speculation after all. 
      The three-eyed has a very high astronomy, and the wisdom of the calendar, they believe that the gods can predict the end, the natural ecology, the environment The change is extremely mastery, so the three-eyed can evade the murder early, perhaps for this reason, in a solar sacrifice, ACE On behalf of the three-eyed and the solar, this time a vision occurred, suddenly dark, the solar did not come, three eyes Realizing that the solar is angry, this is a big ominous in the three-eyed , and the three-eyed knows that the tribe will face a major crisis. Seeing this situation, the three-eyed people all feared, lying on the ground and worshiping the angry sun god, the priest immediately turned to the solar prayed for the forgiveness of the solar. The priest saw the elephant, the gods were angry, the rain god no longer rained, and the earth was  Dry, there was a drought, some creatures were extinct, and then Vulcan was angry, causing a giant volcano to erupt, shaking the ground, and anger The volcanic volcano opened its mouth and vomited red lava, and the lava melted wildly to the earth. At this time, the temperature of the whole area became extremely hot. Heat, like a stove, some creatures are extinct. Then, the anger of Rain God does not stop, it rains, and it keeps going. The rain caused the earth to be drowned by the flood, the sun god abandoned the earth, the temperature of the earth became extremely cold, and then the large meteorite  From the sky, to the collision and destruction of the earth, the earth is covered by ice. This catastrophe will lead to the demise of the whole land. This catastrophe is due to the land. The ball artificially ruined the behavior of nature, so it angered the gods, the gods were angry, and decided to destroy the earth, saying that the three-eyed  There is a son of the solar, so the solar will look after the three-eyed ,open the door, let the three-eyed escape the catastrophe。
      ACE is their command and the son of the solar, ACE gets the revelation of the solar, knowing that at the end of a particular In the days, the solar will open the door, the three-eyed can therefore lead to the hometown, so that the three-eyed escapes from the catastrophe, ACE  Do know the time and place where the solar opened the gate, ACE is ready to lead the whole migration。
      The days of the solar prophecy finally arrived, and the trio of the three eyes were led by the ACE to the sun temple. Waiting for the solar to open the door, the scheduled time is up, the whole earth is dark, the sky is lightning and thunder, and a terrible loud noise is heard. The three-eyed is lying on the verge of worshipping the supreme solar, and the lightning in the sky becomes a big halo, these glare The light, covering the entire temple, when the wind violently strong wind, the whole people were also blown by strong winds to close their eyes, glare After a period of time, when the light disappeared, the earth returned to calm again. At this time, the strong, civilized three-eyed also disappeared with the light. All disappeared into the earth at night, and a big hole appeared on the ground after the three-eye disappeared. Later, this big hole experienced the catastrophe of the earth, the whole land was flooded, and the big hole sank to the sea.
The Grotto in Pacific Ocean

   However, the ACE of the Son of the Solar did not disappear. When he woke up, he found himself in the jungle. He forgot everything。






















Part Two
The War of Nation 























  Chapter 16  The Mandala Empire
     Despite the fact that the three-eyed is an alien, ACE still has a high status, and he still dominates the three-eye But ACE is not an alien. Under the leadership of ACE, he will participate in the trio and other tribes. The war, this time can be said to be the most powerful opponent, the mandala empire known as the "Dark Empire"。
 
       "Dark Empire" is famous because this tribe is rich in a plant, an extremely mysterious
flower, although the flower is beautiful but it is the flower of evil, its evil is derived from the toxicity, 
this poison, In the long run, it can kill people, but it is evil. Main toxin component of mandala flower
For scopolamine, it is a kind of neurotoxin. This toxin can cause heartbeat breathing and dizziness.
Paralyzed nerves then die, but light is a psychedelic agent that has a state of paranoia. This plant body
It also contains toxins, which are not only beautiful and fragrant, but also known as enchanting flowers.
Learn about anesthesia use. But later, because it can be used as a drug for people to enter the state of delusion, because it is used The price of this flower has skyrocketed and its profits are extremely high. The tribe that is rich in that flower is growing stronger and slowly becoming The huge drug export market, the base camp for criminals, is the "Dark empire." Early "Dark Empire" There is no connection between the two kingdoms and the three kingdoms. As the strength of the "Dark Empire" begins to possess, they also have strong desires. Wanting to unify all the tribes, and then trigger the tribal war, has swallowed up a number of weaker tribes. The "Dark Empire" knew that he could not defeat the three-eyed of the kings of the kingdom, so he did not declare war on the three-eyed , but  Why did the three-eyed fight the "Dark empire" because the "Dark empire" attacked the three-eyed ? The ally, the wolf is a female genius, and they never take the initiative to attack other tribes. However, the "Dark Empire" is based on the need to unify the tribes and attack the weak wolves. Wolf family  The "Dark Empire" fought, the battle was fierce, the wolves were not powerful, and the casualties were heavy. So the wolf The leader " Nymphs " was injured and went to the three-eyed She asked the three-eyed to support them. The wolf is kind. Did not ask the three-eyed family to eliminate the " Dark Empire ", they only want to defend the territory and expel the invaders Then the ACE united war and the " Dark Empire " officially engaged.。

   "Dark Empire" is not a weak country. They were originally fierce. They once fought against "Dark Empire." The tribes are all heavy casualties. In fact, the " Dark Empire " is not necessary for killing, even if you want to annex other The tribe does not need to kill innocent people. Most of the people killed were unarmed civilians, especially the wolves. They are not only life-threatening casualties, but the "Dark empire" even the wolves have not let go, killing and slaughtering many wolves. The original beautiful wolf valley was almost hollowed out, and the situation was terrible. Three-eyed is expensive for the family
Wang, so the winner is in the grip, ACE originally did not intend to eliminate the "Black Empire" but the ACE witnessed The tragic situation of the Wild Wolf Valley, decided to eliminate this " Dark Empire ", ACE is unwilling to bear the other tribes casualties. The war between the two sides is not too intense. For the king of the kingdom, the "black empire" is eliminated. It is only the power of the ash, the " Dark Empire " has been eliminated, and the tribes have returned to calm. And the three-eyed family who did not intend to unify the tribe became a big family in this storm, they not only saved
The tribes have annexed the mandala empire。









Chapter 17  The Eagle & Wolf Empire 

   After the battle of the "Dark Empire", the three-eyed under the leadership of ACE became a big family. Having annexed The mandala empire, the land of the natural mandala empire also belongs to the territory of the three-eyed There is no idea of unifying the tribes, nor will they provoke a war between the tribes. However, other weak The tribes want to join and get the shade of the king of the kings. After the three-eyed formed an alliance with the Wolf, Then the Plumage, also known as the Flying Family, also wants to join. The Lang people suffered heavy casualties in the battle of the " Dark Empire "
ACE divided the territory of the original Mandala empire into the ally of the ally, the help of the Wolf tribe
The Lower Wild Wolf Valley gradually returned to its original appearance, and some of the Wolf ethnic groups began to migrate to the territory of the Mandala Empire. Later derived another tribe。

       Going back to the flying family, it is actually the early bloodthirsty family, the original bloodthirsty family is the feather family, they The main food is insects and plants, because they are weaker than other tribes, every time they fight Not against the opponent, so some feathers gradually hate these bullied lives, leaving the feathers Living in a tribe, they changed their eating habits, but because they were eating insects and Plants, so the newly derived bloodthirsty family has a perfect tibia and cannot bite prey. However,
The newly derived bloodthirsty gene variant has grown cavities, from which the bloodthirsty can be bitten with a tooth. The skin of the prey sucks blood, so it is named. A feather is a flying family that can grow wings on a specific day. Legend has it that the wings of the flying family are based on the spiritual power of the tribes. Their bodies are light and agile. On days when certain conditions are met, you can fly, and at this time they move in the air at a speed that is quite common for birds. However, the feathers are too light, the weight is much lower than that of humans, the muscles are strong, and they are weaker than other tribes.
When the feathers need to fly, they can grow wings of spiritual strength behind them, stopping the feathers to fall. It will melt away. The average feather person can fly once in a month. Like a bird, it will be in a tree house. Live on. The feathers see other birds like the gods, and they live together with large birds.
Such as: Eagle, Peng, carving and the like. This bloodthirsty family wants to annex the earlier people because of territorial issues. The Plumage people knew that they could not escape the evolution of the bloodthirsty family, so they fled, but the bloodthirsty family could not let go of the feathers.
Chasing the chasing. The feathers heard that the three-eyed family defeated the "Dark empire" and believed that the three-eyed could To protect them, so they fled to the trio to trust them.。

      Due to the lack of the remaining feathers, the ACE agreed to the request of the Plumage, and formed an alliance with the Plumage. The bloodthirsty has already robbed the territory of the Plumage, to achieve their purpose and because of the king of the kingdom, Intervened, so I gave up hunting, but the feathers were displaced, ACE is in this situation Next, the Plumage  and the wolves are allowed to live in the territory of the Mandala Empire. Just, the wolf is a female. The family, and the remaining feathers are all male, so another tribe is derived. The wolf and the wolves live together. The Plumage family lived with the giant birds and coexisted in the territory of the Mandala Empire. And renamed the Eagle & Wolf Empire. Later, the Eagle & Wolf empire gradually became stronger。


 



Chapter 18  The War of the Alliance
   Based on the trio of invincible, other relatively powerful tribes, want to provoke the king of the king,
Take its leadership position. It is so easy to succeed in the trio of the three kings. Other tribes
It is simply a pebbles, white and white. This point ACE does not agree, and the three eyes themselves
Also hate this senseless war。

       The three-eyed will never actively attack other tribes, only some strong tribes. Intent to challenge the status of the three-eyed , as if attacking the three-eyed family before the ACE fell into the bottom of the wolf valley Savage, savage, ferocious, violent, often provoke other tribes to expand territory, they
It is also a strong family itself. In the last battle with the three-eyed family, the situation was quite fierce.
It’s not the opposite, but in fact the Savage has a great advantage in terms of size, they are the most burly among the tribes. Strong. Its strength can be said to be second only to the three-eyed , so their power cannot be ignored. Wild ,The Savage also knows that the three-eyed family defeated the "Dark Empire" and occupied the territory of the "Dark Empire". The savage people also want to challenge the strength to officially declare war on the three-eyed people. This time is not a simple war, both sides also know that this is a battle of sovereignty, so the two sides also join hands with their vows, so the tribes are divided into two factions. One party is a group led by the three-eyed , and the other is a group led by the savage people. don't know who the deer died. The battle of the lord officially began。  

       The savages are headed by: the savage, the cannibals and the headhunters. Barbaric, ferocious tribes, the means of attacking them are extremely fierce and the losers often become theirs.
The captives, they will not easily kill the captives, but use all kinds of methods to smash, trample,
Demolition of the captives, they will peel the live captives, cut the meat and bones, and even cook
The murderous procedures of the captive meat and internal organs are simply disgusting. Instead, the three-eyed is The first group is gentle and upright, including: the three-eyed and the Eagle & Wolf empire, the forces of the two sides meet, The ones of the three-eyed are more dominant because they have battles with humans and raptors and wolves. These animals are in the midst of the current sentinel, they are attacking the enemy in advance, the raptors His jaws and claws are quite strong and sharp, his eyes are alert, his movements are agile, and he is often hit. At high altitude Hovering to see the quarry attack at an alarming rate, its grip can easily crush the skull of the prey, It can easily swallow the body of the prey. The wolves are long and strong, and they move. Agile, strong and powerful, sharp teeth, can kill prey, bite off his throat and kill him, or Crush the bones. These animals have been able to destroy some of the enemies as sentinel, and ACE is leading humans. ACE mind is good at planning the united front, plus the unique weapons of the three-eyed , the black knives are sharp and sharp. Can easily cut the enemy's throat, the obsidian arrow is the special technology of the three-eyed family, defeating the "Dark empire"
After the development of the poisonous arrow, the three-eyed on the arrow, painted the venom of the mandala flower, after the enemy can Rapid death. Finally, the savage。










Chapter 19  Eternal Fire 
       The three-eyed settled in the jungle, but there are other land outside the place where the three-eyed live. To the east of the territory of the Three Eyes, there is one of the most active volcanoes in the world on an island on the sea. This volcano area is quite Large, underground magma is in stock and active, volcanic smoke, erupting magma, causing earthquakes. Will produce large scale at any time
Volcanic eruption。
        The island was named "Eternal Fire" because of this volcano. The island is rare, perhaps no one at all. Living, but there are many exotic flowers and plants on the island, rare birds and animals, some plants and animals are only available on the island, such as plants: Hydnora, Parasitic plants usually parasitize the roots of other species. The flower growing above the ground seems to be a blind sea snake, opening a big mouth to the outside world。Codariocalyx The most bizarre feature of this plant is that the leaves will follow the temperature.changed or music accompaniment and danced up and down, hence the name " Codariocalyx "。Welwitschia mirabilis is leaves are the longest in the plant world The leaves are only one pair. Two leaves grow from the upper end of the short, stout trunk, and continue to widen and grow. Long-banded centenarian orchid is also known as the living fossil of the plant kingdom.。Amorphophallus titanium The largest flower in the world, it is also the smell The most stinky flower, native to the rainforest。Aristolochia grandiflora  The peculiarity of this plant is their beautiful and weird flowers. The main part of the flower is only one piece, it looks like a huge, textured pocket, not like symmetrical petals like flowers。Animals such as: TapirusIs a large herbivore, a bit like an elongated the long nose of the pig's nose, but its chin is very short。Saki monkeys It’s a weird animal, mainly fruit. and insects feed. With unmatched digestive capacity, it can handle a variety of venom venoms。Pyrosome looks like Collecting a lot of bubble-bottle creatures, each tiny individual provides water and nutrients to the organism like a pump  Enables this polymer to survive while also emitting light。Litoria caerulea obese and cute, strong in life。ChupacabraIt  is a mysterious monster. It looks like a reptile half, half like a kangaroo, very ferocious.。Solenodontidae  once thought to have been extinct a lot, with a brown skin, a mouth like a pig, and a strange face.。CyclopesIs a cat, its  There is only one eye on the face and no nose。Okapia johnstoniIs a large mammal, the fur is chocolate-colored,It has a velvet luster of red and crimson. Horizontal black and white stripes on the upper cloth of the hips and legs。Condylura cristata Is at the tip of the nose
There are 22 tentacles, surrounded by the tip of the nose like the light of the stars, hence the name
Birds such as: Harpia harpyja also known as Vultur harpyja an eagle in the new tropical world。Pithecophaga jefferyi  Large, sturdy and clawed, strong, with whiskers, strong wings, wide and round wings fan wing and soaring flight。Polish chicken Wearing a phoenix crown, the world is a rare lady. The grass is spacious and dances. More good Jane. That headdress is also a lady。Goura cristata The most beautiful member of the pigeons is also the size of the pigeons. The biggest one。Recurvirostra avosettaIt is elegant to stand up in the water. Fast fluttering and long-distance gliding while flying。Balaeniceps rex The body feathers are all gray, with wide wings and long legs. The head is large, the mouth is wide and thick, and the head is close to the body when flying.。
          One day, the island made a loud noise, and then the mountain moved, then the active volcano on the island was angry and made a terrible roar. The volcanic spit mountain blood red magma, the lava rock madness flooded the earth, the island's variety of exotic flowers, exotic birds and animals can escape
Escaped, the rest was swallowed up by the lava body. Originally beautiful, the strange island disappeared, leaving only the terrible active volcano. Since the active volcano erupted and remained active, the magma of the crater was like a flame, so it was called the eternal fire.。



 
 

  Chapter 20  .The Sea Orc
       After the eternal fire broke out, it has a great impact on the ecological environment, beautiful, mysterious and resource-rich islands. Being destroyed, extinct all kinds of flowers, exotic flowers, rare birds and animals, now only the active volcano and one piece left on the island Dead gray land. The destructive power of the eternal fire is not only the case, because the volcanic eruption caused the seabed near the island. Also implicated。
        Since the Battle of the Allies, the Three Eyes have set their leadership position, and the tribes have returned to calm, but calm only It was maintained for a short time. There is a special change in the sea in the east, there is something floating in the sea, suspected to be king The family moved closer. What exactly is this floating in the sea? They are getting closer and closer, close to the land and ready to go ashore. It’s a sea orc, the sea orc is green, like an ugly frog, with fish fins and scales, and the eyes are very big. Holes, hands and feet with four fingers, huge mouth with a lot of sharp teeth, strong developed chest and arms  It is possible to walk on land. This group of sea orcs has been living in the deep sea to eat fish for a living. They are more than any fish. Fierce, even the sea sharks are not the opponents of the sea orcs, the legendary sea orcs originally lived on land, and later Invincible to the invaders, all migrated to the deep sea, in order to adapt to the deep sea life, the body changed, became the sea orc  Perhaps this group of sea orcs is a cold-blooded animal, so it is ferocious and violent, why this group of sea orcs will suddenly come ashore. Attacking humans? It is because the oceans have changed after the eternal fire broke out, so that the sea orcs can't adapt, so the family The group needs to migrate and live in another place. The goal of the sea orc family is the three-eyed of the kings. The two families are evenly matched, the three eyes  Although it is the king of the king, this time the opponent is the extremely ferocious and cold-blooded sea orc.。
      The sea orc race came to the shore and stepped closer to the three-eyed  This evenly fighting, the Eagle Wolf The empire is also involved, the raptors and wolves are still outposts, but the sea orcs are too ferocious, they will be on land, four Limbs are developed and powerful, and the sharp teeth tear the wolves, but the wolves are loyal, knowing that they will fight The opponent is terrible. Because the sea orc family is hard and thick to adapt to the deep sea water, the whole body is full of scales, so Raptor can't attack them either. Is the three-eyed destined to be defeated by the sea orcs? The sea orc defeated the raptors and The wolves are approaching the three-eyed , and ACE is leading the three-eyed to witness this unfavorable situation. ACE also knows that this is a former place. Unhardened. Finally, the two sides fought, the sea orc human skin was hard and thick, even the obsidian arrow could not be inserted, sharp and incomparable The black sickle can only wipe the skin of the sea orc, but the sea orc can easily capture the human and then tear. The battle is getting more and more fierce, the three-eyed is still below, the casualties are heavy, and the situation is in a state of tension. What should ACE do? Continue to fight. Suddenly a raptor flies over the sky, and the shadow of the raptor is visible on the ground, so ACE can think of it. A good idea to defeat the sea orcs。
       ACE is the son of the solar. He thinks that the sea orc family is also a fish, and should be defeated by the violent sun. ACE called the sun god and asked the solar for help. At that time, the clouds of the sky drifted in the same direction, condensing into one piece. Where it can be shaded, then ACE understands that it is the help of the solar, and the clever ACE commands the three-eyed to retreat slightly.
Retreating to the shade, when the three-eyed retreated, the solar launched an attack on the sea orc, a glaring sun Directly on the sea orc, the light is so intense that the skin of the sea orc is burnt, after the skin of the sea orc is burnt The solar did not end the attack, and as a result, the sea orcs were all burnt to death by the solar glare.。










  Chapter 21  .The Horn Warrior
      The trio of the tribe has defeated the sea orc by the help of the solar. This is not the end. 
Three-eyed although it is a family of kings, it still continues to be attacked by foreigners from all sides, attacking this height. civilized city state。
       Following the invasion of the sea orcs, although the three-eyed defeated, it has also lost its troops, and the national situation has declined. Not only the sea orc, but also other foreigners who are eyeing the three-eyed , perhaps due to the transformation of the earth. All ethnic groups and all ethnic groups want to migrate, or the earth has already taken up a sense of sovereignty, the war of aggression, the trio It has always been a tribe of security, but foreigners have carried out aggression because of the expansion of the territory. Bring up the war, Countless homes are destroyed, and life is smeared. This time, on the ocean, another invader of the state, gradually moved to the three-eyed Nearly, this is a legendary horned helmet, tall, dirty, unkempt long hair and big  The horn horn warrior with a beard mixed together, the horn horn warrior is a pirate, they make ships with tall straight oaks, their  The ship is light, the ship is narrow, flexible and light, and it is very resistant to wind and waves and fast. It is very suitable for raid-type plundering activities when expeditionary. However, since the deck of the warship is open-air, it is impossible to wind and rain. Wind and rain and huge waves still make the horn warrior cold It is very common to freeze the dead and drown in the sea by the waves. It can be seen that the species crosses the sea.
The conquest must undoubtedly have unparalleled courage and perseverance, and must endure great before winning. pain. Therefore, the Horn Warrior has the meaning of courage. No difference is an opponent that cannot be ignored。
    ACE is the leader of the tribe. After the battle of the sea orcs, ACE has no longer want to war, because the war is won or lost. Undoubtedly will increase the burden of the three-eyed  the loss caused by the war is hard to estimate, but ACE is approaching the enemy  It made him a big headache. The Horn Warrior was the opponent he had met. ACE knew nothing about them. He only knew the Horn Warriors. It is the pirate ACE that can't do anything about this battle strategy. Under this circumstance, the three-eyed can only sacrifice and pray for the revelation of the gods. Because of this important event, blood sacrifices were carried out, and these bloody sacrifices were rarely carried out under the leadership of ACE. This bloody ACE actually used his own blood to sacrifice the moon god. The priest carefully poured the blood of ACE into the altar, then The priest, the precious treasure to the moon god, the priest to get the revelation of the moon god, the moon god revelation three eyes can not participate in this with the horn warrior  The war, so ACE needs to avoid the war with the Horn Warrior, ACE knows that the Horn Warrior is just for the treasure.so ACE ordered the tribes to gather the treasures on a boat, and then ACE personally took the boat out to sea to meet the distant  The Horns Warrior, the Horn Warrior encounters the ACE boat in the adjacent sea, ACE explains to the Horn Warrior, then ACE offer full of treasures. The horn-horned warrior, who was originally scheduled to invade, saw the sincerity of ACE and decided to accept the treasure and the trio. And answer  Trade with the ACE should be carried out. Fortunately, the three-eyed got the revelation of the gods, giving up the meaningless, cruel war, and the horn warrior  conclude friendship and exchange unlimited business opportunities。
     The Horns Warrior brings tribals all over the tribe, no precious resources, fur, amber, etc. Three-eyed family With obsidian, cocoa, etc., trade with the horns warriors, the tri-eyes use the fur of this state, and amber trades again Trade thus promotes the economic development of the three-eyed 









Chapter 22  . Feathers
        Since the tri-eyes traded with the horns warriors, these trades have become more frequent and more and more goods have been traded. The scope of the transaction has become wider and wider, and ACE has led the establishment of a wide-ranging trade network for the three-eyed . The commercial route is on the Pacific coast. This trade circle promotes cultural exchanges and political cooperation in various regions, and active business and extensive trade are civilized. Development has helped a lot and formed the basic pillar of the development of the three-eyed Three-eye output vermiculite, obsidian, dye  Tobacco, pottery, shells and corals.....etc. A foreign-selling product that has become a foreign product because of its local characteristics. Device. Later, the development of long-distance trade was mainly to trade exotic treasures. It includes precious resources that are abundant in the three-eye It is very common in the wild beehive jungle. The three-eyed can get honey at any time to meet the needs of life. Wild honey is sweeter, honey is undoubtedly Precious, the three-eyed will export the honey for the exotic treasures. In addition to the wild honey, the three-eyed will be the earliest raising of human beings. The bee, the beekeeper will cross the trunk and become a tower. As a bee's lair, the hollow branches will be sealed at both ends. There are small holes for bees to enter and exit, because these bees have no tail spurs, beekeepers can easily get honey, forming the earliest human breeding Bee field. There is also the emerald jasper in the east of the three-eyed , which is the most popular gem in the exotic, followed by the three-eyed mountainous area. The cocoa beans make the business even more powerful. The exotic is very fond of these three-eyed specialties with high value malachite, kaolin Tulu meat, high-end crafts and three-eyed trade. These goods are not the most expensive, and there is a rare treasure in the three-eyed Is the highest value among them。
       A myth is circulating among the three-eyed people. Popol Vuh is the story of the creation of the world and the birth of mankind. The twin hero adventure story, the original world, is an empty space and ocean, at this time the emergence of Tepeu and Ancient Kumaz. The two gods only created the earth and the animals to use the earth and cut wood to create humans, but the original humans The form is very ugly and destroyed by the gods. Just then, the twin heroes brought the sun to the dark world and they knocked down The dead father, U.K., who disguised the enemy of the sun, went to the underground world, Kochibalba, and the evil gods in the underworld, finally Let their father resurrect as a corn god, and the two twin heroes ascended into the sun and the moon. Therefore three eyes There is a kind of worship and awe of the birds. 
      The three-eyed is as rare as the sacred thing, and the family is regarded as the sacred thing. It is a feather. This kind of feather is a kind The world is rich and rare, with high value, surpassing jasper and cocoa beans, ranking first. This is an endangered species of Quatchar Phoenix bird's feathers. This kind of bird is also known as the king of birds, Aztec bird, rainforest phoenix, is a kind of Chinese in the genus The bird of Li is also the largest bird in the family. High temperament, love freedom, can not be kept in bird cages, otherwise, rather Death on a hunger strike, so called a free bird, has never been fed for a long time, always after being caught for a while Dead, for this reason, people see it as a symbol of freedom. The head of the bird has a helmet-like crest, from head to chest Interlaced with psychedelic blues and greens, the colors will be fine-tuned as the sun changes, sparkling with shiny metallic feathers, and it’s red belly The department is like a piece of velvet. It is said that this red blood is due to a war of the three-eyed 
It has been guarding the holy bird of the three-eyed family and stopped at dying. On the soldier's body, the blood of the soldiers was stained with the belly of the holy bird. This is the origin of the bird's abdomen that is red like blood. The tail feathers are beautiful, and the male and female are inseparable. Its tail feathers are the most gorgeous in the world, and they will sell more expensive than gold. Being three eyes The family has always been dreaming, as a holy bird。






Chapter 23  . Prosperity
     ACE has led the three-eye to trade very successfully, not only the internal economy is developed, but also has a wide range of External trade. Leading the three-eyed into the most prosperous age. The new civilization era has many characteristics, such as palace construction. The jade carvings are famous for their mother of culture. It can be seen that the three-eyed was very influential throughout the century.。
    As a result of entering the prosperous age, ACE led the three-eyed to upgrade their skills, and engraving technology is one of them. At that time, the jade jasper was of high value in trade, so the jade carving technique was introduced and carved on the jade. Exquisite patterns, the three-eyed has a high degree of wisdom, can use jade carving small portraits, crystal and round, exquisite Lovely, full of facial features, embellished with decorative ornaments on the chest, even after thousands of years. And carving The tiny cubes are engraved with numbers on it. This is the earliest scorpion of mankind. Later, the scorpion was later widely used. Then the pottery is convenient and has a high level of progress. The original pottery is mainly yellow sand pottery, and the surface is generally No decoration, and later great progress, there appeared a black pottery with three-eye characteristics, the wall was thicker, and the surface was first ground. The light then engraves a representative pattern. Become a unique and important commodity among the three-eye Three-eyed women use cotton to weave cloth. Early use of agave fiber on the weaving fabric, the three-eyed is also the beginning of fashion design. They create a unique fashion costume "Weipir" Weipel is a loose brocade cotton dress, from head to toe The widths are the same, the length is long and the thighs are with the knees. Wipil is dyed with natural dyes and taken from cochineal Red, or indigo from the genus Indigo. This kind of cotton hand-made products has also become an important commodity in trade. The  trinex is also the first human to make chocolate. They already know how to refine cocoa beans. They will join during the refining process. other materials such as honey, fruit, etc.,this cocoa product is also the main selling item in the trade, and then added to the emulsion development. Cocoa drinks, three-eyed banquets widely use this cocoa drink to increase the atmosphere. The trio also has rubber products. Will use natural rubber to make shoes, these natural rubber products are also common in trade, in addition to making shoes, there is also a football-like thing is the earliest game in human history. Almost every city-state has a big ball for the game. field. The stadium holds a game of life and death. Both sides can only pass the ball with the knees, the ball can't land, and they have to try to put the ball into the wall. In the stone circle. In the official competition, the leader of the losing party will be beheaded by the leader of the winner or take out the heart as a living sacrifice. His skull will be used as the center of the new ball。
   In addition to the creation of a large number of jade, pottery, cotton, etc., in the era of new civilization, trade goods. Also created to make future generations Surprised buildings, the most famous art work "Ormec". Up to 3 meters carved on the rock The huge avatars, these avatars are carved from a whole piece of basalt, with perfect ideas and strong realism. The largest of them It is a young man's head statue, weighing 30 tons, three meters high, and the image is very vivid. Flat nose, thick lips, half eyes It is a flat peach, and the eyelids are very heavy. Wearing a patterned helmet, it covers both ears. Showing superb carvings technique  level. Later, at the site of the historical remains, the crystal skull was found. This crystal skull is quite delicate and clean, with a shape and The structure is almost identical to the human head, and the crystal skull does not leave any traces of the use of tools. The whole crystal is carved. When the nostrils are illuminated with laser light, the entire skull is radiant. When there is a beam of light on this When combined on the skull, the prisms and the eye sockets hidden in the base are combined with hand-polished lens sheets to produce a series of optics. Change, the dazzling beam emitted by it, people have hallucinations, auditory hallucinations and so on. Modern technology is also difficult to achieve such a level


  

  Chapter 24  . Feather crown clansman
 After the trio of the sea orc family, another tribe emerged in the soil of this civilization, the legendary tribe It is a distant relative of the three-eyed Why do they come from afar? They are enemies or friends, and ACE is not clear. But this a tribe carrying a history of tears。
    The feather crown is yellow skin, the hair is black and straight, the face is flat, and the eyes are from yellow to brown. The biggest feature It is a crown made of feathers on their heads. The feather crown people think that the raptors can fly freely in the air and be brave .a symbol, so they will make a crown made of feathers, meaning they represent the freedom of the raptor, and the brave also contains The meaning of getting the gods to protect. The feather crown family is brave and warlike, with its innate simplicity and innocence, full of mystery Colored tribes, living an original way of life, nomadic life and no damage to the ecology, riding horses on the Great Plains Hunting calves is a group of natural animals. Legend has it that the feather crown people live in the Eagle Rock Valley, and the ancient Yu Guan people live in the valley, but not Know that a big flood is coming. The Creator sent a condor to tell people that the flood is coming. This Condor is not only not only Bringing warnings, but also landing on the cliff, watching people out of the bottom of the valley out of the danger of flooding, and then turned This rock is like an eagle. The feather crown tribe is a kind, friendly tribe. They live in their own territory, but this is simple. On the day of the territory, a group of exiled civilized people appeared. The friendly feather crown people allowed the group to live together with goodwill. The feather crown tribe gave the tribes only the fruits of the abdomen to the group, teaching the group of people to hunt, life knowledge, the crest People only hope that civilized people can adapt to new life as soon as possible, and share the passion for the civilized and unreservedly. People live in peace and have a happy life. The two sides have established a deep friendship and they can live together peacefully. It has not continued. With the increasing number of civilized people who have migrated, the days of peace are becoming less and less, and the materials that can be enjoyed are available. It is also beginning to gradually fail to satisfy the civilized people. It is said that the feather crown tribe is called the best guest tribe, even if the feather crown people themselves are not enough. Enough, it will try to satisfy civilized people, but the by-product of civilization is greed, from greed to possession, from occupies There are acts that can become demons and make some demons. One day, the largest group of exiled civilized people entered with weapons. Take the tearful history of the feather crown people. Those civilized people who were born have sprouted the meaning of occupying the territory, forgetting the feather crown tribe against him. Their kindness began to launch a ruthless mass killing of the feather crown people. These civilized people turned to innocence in order to cover up their crimes. The kind-hearted feather crown people are uncultured barbarians as their ancestors, and the feather crown people are forced into an endless war, a large number of ethnic groups. Killed, and the surviving feather crown people were forced to flee。
      Fortunately, feather crown people National Escape, they struggled to escape, the civilized people desperately chased, and finally the Crested Man fled to The three-eyed tribe, ACE instinctively defends against intruders, but when ACE finds that they are both unarmed and No property, know that the feather crown people are not intruders, this group of feather crown people have been hungry and cold due to long-distance escape, mixed Dirt, ACE to the poor people of the Crested people to eat fruit belly, clothing to protect the body, the torch to warm them. ACE found that they were all bruises and asked the origin of the feather crown people. The feather crown people will have poor life and three eyes. The tail is coming. feather crown couldn’t hide his inner grief, and he said that he was bursting into tears and said that the feather crown people were ruthless. The massacre, even ACE and the three-eyed also burst into tears, ACE is sad to the poor experience of the feather crown people, in my heart I think that the experience of the feather crown tribe may only be the beginning, the world will change, and the ruthless war will baptize the earth. Ruthless, unreasonable acts of aggression spread like poison, ACE is worried about the fate of the three-eyed 



 
 


  Chapter 25 . War
      The prediction of ACE is accurate. The annihilation of the feather crown tribe is really just the tip of the iceberg. In the distance, it is a powerful and powerful country. This barbaric country is closely related to the three-eyed Barbarians are one of the world’s first global empire and colonial empire, and the world One of the largest empire in history is considered to be the first generation of the empire that is ahead of the Great Eagle State. The country is full of experience. The navy, which dominates the ocean, has an endless stream of money to support the battlefields that are expensive and well-trained. Barbaric country Cruelly destroying and slaughtering the aboriginal civilization of the Aztec Inca Empire, the barbaric country used the gold and silver from mining to gain more troops. Fees to cope with long-term wars. Got gold and silver. At that time, the vastness of its territory made it often called "the empire of the sun." An imperfect empire in this golden age, whose power is squandered from the wealth of the colonies, for its benefit in Europe. Repeated wars. The barbaric country has annexed the Kamima empire, the tricolor country, the grape country, and the barbaric country. Outside the largest colonial empire, it also became the country with the most territory. Experienced the golden age of its strong, wild cattle country  Constantly continuing war with the enemy, causing territorial, trade and religious conflicts. Finally defeated by the Great Eagle State。
      The Great Eagle State is a big country like an eagle. This powerful country defeated the bull country that was at the top of the time. Great Eagle has become the third largest naval power, and it also has the third largest overseas colony. Due to the colony The doctrine has caused endless wars, and many of the innocent weak countries have included the feather crown. The Crest is also a colony one of the war the Great Eagles ancestors settled from Central Europe to the British Isles and created the early British civilization, the Great Eagle State. After the establishment of the Great Eagle Country, it experienced many territorial sovereignty, first the rule of the St. Matthias Empire, and finally the Normans unified the Great Eagle State. After the period, the Great Eagle State and the Rose Empire entered the first hundred years of war. As a result, the Great Eagle State lost to the Rose Empire. Great Eagle Country  After the defeat, focus on the expansion of overseas colonies. The national transport is getting stronger, and after the period, the second century battle is launched to the Rose Empire. The field is also known as the battle of sovereignty. The bull empire, which has always been at the top of the battle, is dying, and the Great Eagle State is smashing. Start to expand the colony at a very fast pace. With the end of the second century of war, the Great Eagles further expanded their colonization. The land attacked the feather crown Tulipa, crossed the Tulipa country, and later captured the entire Canadian and Indian colonies in another war. Become the undisputed ocean overlord. After becoming the hegemon, the Great Eagle State continued to expand the colony, causing the feather crown tribe to be invaded and invaded. The land of the feather crown nationality was actually the colony of the Great Eagle State. At that time, the civilized people were exiled from the Great Eagle Country to the land of the feather crown nationality. a small number of civilized people, the Great Eagle State continued to expand the colony. Civilized people who have been exiled to the land of the feather crown nationality. Civilized people still rely on early the Great Eagle State, the Great Eagle State initially adopted a laissez-faire policy for civilized people, enabling civilized people to develop into uniqueness in order to pursue freedom and wealth. It has successively persecuted the believers and the feather crown tribe and enjoyed the territorial autonomy. Participate more in political opportunities and rights and foster a sense of self-government. The colony’s economy, culture, and politics are relatively mature, and it pursues the same status as the Great Eagle. It does not want to be a second-class citizen. Civilized people broke out of the independence war against the Great Eagle Country, and the Great Eagle State defeated, so the civilized people became self-reliant turkey countries. After that, the turkey country became a later generation. a superpower in the world, even affecting the world。
  The Great Eagle State did not reduce the war because of defeat, and later defeated the French Empire. The Great Eagle State completely surpassed all other countries and became the first power. The world has the largest number of colonies, the most developed technology, and the economic cities that control the continents. And It has become the "world empire" that dominates the development of the earth. Becoming the second generation of the empire after the success of the country。







Chapter 26 . Barbarians (1)
        With a well-experienced navy, the barbaric country dominates the ocean and they continue to follow the trade route. An endless colonial war. The war quickly spread to the hidden jungle tribe. The barren country is really like a cow. Barbaric, rampant, they first invade the neighbors of the three-eyed 
     The cattle country was influenced by the ideas of the navigator to find the "golden country" in the east, and then the voyager of the cattle country. The discovery of the New World, in addition to allowing the barbaric country to open a new route, and even the opportunity to monopolize the colony. The barbaric country also established a huge colonial empire within a century. The barbaric country has conquered the three-eyed Two major neighbors. And found a large amount of stored gold in both countries. By plundering a large amount of gold in the colony, With this as the basis, it became the most powerful country at that time. The barbaric country has established an army. This army is mainly made up of new The infantry squadron and the spearmen form a rectangular formation called the square. Listed by field artillery at the forefront, The cavalry is listed in the rear or in the wings, used as a sniper battle, using parallel battle sequences, and well organized. Because the barbaric country is elite in military affairs, it has led to the demise of its defeat. The first to be killed was the nomadic empire.。

       The nomadic empire is a neighbor of the three-eyed  It is a unique ancient civilization in the world with a more accurate calendar. System, agriculture, irrigation technology is developed, the economy has already appeared in the original stage of the currency, the economic strength is strong, in each The aspects have been greatly developed. Religious myths have distinct characteristics and have profound influence on later generations. It is also very exquisite, able to build a very majestic building, with a social class divided and a complete legal system. Originally a civilized and prosperous city, it has achieved remarkable achievements in architecture. There are three roads built on the island in the lake.
The road is connected to the land and has an artificial stone trough water supply system. There are 40 pyramid-shaped temples built in the city, the largest of which is gold. there are 144 steps in the temple. There are also white buildings, terraces, palace streets and canals, which are called by the colonists of the cattle country. "The Garden of the World." Agriculture is also very developed, and copper, bronze and gold and silver products are also more popular. Casting and stamping gold and use Jewel-inlaid decorations have reached a very high level. Pottery and textiles are beautifully finished. Nomadic empire trade is also quite There are all kinds of luxury items such as gorgeous feathers, decorations, green stone beads, as well as clothing, firewood, food and other necessities. This has promoted economic development, but on the other hand it has increased the negative attitudes of neighboring countries and the labor burden of the people. This The trade policy indirectly enhances the status of the aristocracy. On the military side, the military is divided into two parts and is not well trained. Part of the people, the highly disciplined high-ranking warriors are also regarded as nobles. Outstanding civilian soldiers in the military can be promoted to high
Waiting for the warriors, the nomadic empire often launches the crown war to obtain sacrifices. In this war, the nomadic empire does not kill the enemy. Capturing it, this thought caused the bull country to easily win the war against the nomadic empire.。

   The barbaric country heard that the nomadic empire was the golden country that the navigator referred to, so he coveted the local treasures, and the nomadic empire was at that time. In the state of civil strife, a lord betrayed the nomadic empire and joined the army of the barbaric country, which caused the deadly disease. The monarch of the nomadic empire died, the last emperor of the nomadic empire ascended the throne, and was finally besieged by the barbaric country and its allies. The siege and most of the population died of hunger and smallpox, and the emperor finally surrendered to the conqueror. The capital was burned to the ground。


Chapter 27 . Barbarians (2)
      The barbaric country captured, occupied the nomadic empire, and plundered the treasures of the entire empire. They did not give up. Then attacked the Quartet Empire. The Quartet Empire is the empire that created its unique culture, politics and architecture. Their lifestyle is very different from other tribes, but with the uniqueness of the Quartet Empire one of the founders of the three major civilizations.。
        The Quartet is also the largest empire and the creator of the three major civilizations. The Quartet Empire was originally a tour The shepherd, under the leadership of one of its savvy monarchs, established a small city-state, which was then under the command of the supreme ruler. The expansion of the area occupied the entire mountain range, and the Quartet empire likes to send spies to the area he wants to conquer, to understand the politics there. Government military and economic conditions. Then he will pass the information to the leaders of the region, and the Quartet will praise it and Luxury is a gift to invite the leaders of the region to join the Quartet and to assure him that his people will become richer.
Most of the leaders who agreed to be invited have become part of the Quartet Empire, and by default will be peaceful. Ways to coexist. The successor of the leader will be taken to the capital of the Quartet Empire to learn the management system of the Quartet Empire. Can return to continue to rule the land owned by their family. The Quartet Empire has made foreign leaders in such a way of instilling ideas. The successors were assimilated and even married to the imperial people. The territory of the Quartet Empire continues to expand, with the Crown Prince as the most of the Imperial Army. High ruler. The Quartet Empire is a planned economy in which the state is involved in production, resource allocation, and consumption. All are planned by the government in advance. The food is mainly buckwheat and potato, construction, buildings, stones are polished, shape gauge The seaming technique is very beautiful. The gap between the stone and the stone on the wall cannot be put into the capital. It is simply impossible to understand how it is stitched together. It is interesting to note that although the imperial people understand the wheel, they do not use it in the building. It is still a mystery how the huge amount of stones used in construction is handled. The territory of the Quartet Empire is built on the slopes of the mountains, and it is believed that they have caused thousands of workers to climb the slopes by pushing stones. It is a pity that the empire did not master the skills of the text without leaving any descriptive text. The empire has bronze ware and knives, knives, axe and other labor tools. Its smelting and casting technology is quite delicate. Painted on ceramics, there are countless patterns, including animals, birds, waves and geometric figures. In a great empire without written text, ceramics depict almost all the scenes of life, including war, metallurgy, and interpersonal relationships. It is through these ceramics that we can understand the living conditions of the imperial people hundreds of years ago. In medicine, the imperial person had a successful skull piercing. All of this is a unique civilization of the Quartet Empire.。
    Later, there was a legend about the golden kingdom of the South in the country of the cattle. The people of the country were very greedy. I heard that the country of gold The gold inside is so much that even the dishes in daily life are made of gold. Later, the cattle country sent a navigator to the Quartet Empire to seek The family of gold, the result of the discovery of the Quartet Empire, the Quartet Empire is the legendary gold country. Fully armed army of bulls, facing the army The backward armed forces of the Quartet Empire have a great gap between the two sides. The Bulls National Army relies on this tactical and equipment advantage. The war broke out on both sides, and the country was very successful. The leader of the barbaric country began to establish his own city-state, leader in the Quartet Empire. Attacking the Quartet Empire, the four kings of the imperial king were captured, and the 12 guards under his command were also executed. The leader of the barbaric country asked for imperialism  A huge amount of gold, as the Imperial King’s ransom, the result was that the Quartet’s ransom was deceived by the leader of the barbaric country. Release the imperial king, the four-party empire will die, and all gold will be plundered by the barbaric country.。


 

            Chapter 28 . Military
    The barbaric country has successively plundered and occupied two of the three major civilizations, and the last one is the three-eyed ACE has led the three-eyed family and has been paying attention to the situation of neighboring countries. ACE knows that the next target of the bull country is the three-eyed . ACE split the war situation of the two neighboring countries, mastered the military strategy of the bull country, and found that the cattle country is convenient in arms. occupy, the bull country has armed guns, guns and other armed forces. At that time, the three-eyed family only had the original armed forces and was difficult to defend.so ACE spotted this weakness and took precautions to further study the more sophisticated weapons using the data of the three-eyed 。
ACE began researching muskets in the three-eyed. At that time, the country was using a arquebus, which was lit by a fire rope ignition device. Fire machinery. The fire rope ignition device first ignites the ignition charge with a slow-burning fire rope, and then ignites the propellant after the ignition of the ignition Organ. When the turret gun is being loaded, first use the gunpowder bottle to pour the propellant for the propellant, and then use the projectile wrapped with paper or cloth. The muzzle is inserted into the paper or cloth so that the projectile does not fall out of the muzzle when it is tilted, and the projectile is pushed in with a long thin rod, and then the fire is used. The gunpowder is poured over the gun and the fire cover is covered. When the fire is to be shot, the fire cover is opened. After aiming, the trigger fire rope will contact the fire dish to detonate the fire medicine. The explosion of the fire medicine will immediately detonate the propellant. And shoot the projectile. And some arquebuses For the sake of its own weight, the advancement of the gunpowder will be pre-installed into a gunpowder pack. The amount of gunpowder in the gunpowder pack is the amount of one shot. In addition to the slow reloading of the musket, the biggest safety issue lies in the two swaying fire ropes. ACE in-depth Understand the fire rope gun and discover the important shortcomings of the fire rope gun: it is not weather-resistant, the wind and rain are easy to extinguish, and it is necessary to adjust the length from time to time. In response to these shortcomings, ACE further developed a meteorite gun, which is a slippery weapon with a bullet-mounted bullet. The basic structure is as follows. With the fire gun, that is, using the meteorite on the hammer to produce a spark, ignite the gunpowder, there is an anvil on the side of the fire hole, and the buckle is fired. The trigger is triggered by the action of the spring, and the meteorite is heavily hit on the side of the fire door, and Mars is emerged to ignite the gunpowder. Greatly simplified The shooting process improves the firing rate and shooting accuracy, is easy to use, and has low cost. In addition to the meteorite gun, ACE also studies Gunpowder, a mixture of sulphur, charcoal and saltpeter, its charcoal is used as a fuel, and sulphur and saltpetre are used as oxidants. These ones The material is also one of the resources of the three-eyed family. With gunpowder, the artillery was invented, and the gunpowder was used to launch the projectile with a range exceeding Weapons with individual weapons range. These inventions of ACE can definitely resist the enemy. In addition to the need to upgrade the attacking weapons, the defense equipment is also Very important, invented the armor. The helmet and the scorpion both refer to the armor that protects the head, and the armor and armor are the armor that protects the body, and the main It is used to protect important organs of the chest and abdomen. With these military equipment, it can be said that the work is to be good, and it must first be sharpened. In the war of the bull country, ACE did not have a good chance of winning. According to the tradition of the three-eyed , the three-eyed held a grand sacrifice to the solar ceremony。
      The three-eyed celebrates the sun god in the calendar, worships the sun god, and through the religious ceremony, the three-eyed gets the revelation of the gods. Not only war, but also another kind of misfortune. The battle is not the main reason for the death of the three-eyed people, but another evil. God, from the vision of prophecy, shows that the sun god holds the axe, that is, it represents war, and another vision is in the sky. one half is a crescent moon and half is a pattern of the sun. This book refers to the light of the sun, which will be obscured by the darkness. It is a big one. Ominous means that there will be a major plague in the three-eyed  This plague is the real death of the three-eyed people. The reason, because the plague was no vaccine at the time. And the pattern in the vision also has the meaning of death.。


                    

        Chapter 29 . Ominous   
     The three-eyed finally fought against the barbaric country. This group of bulls brought war more than war. The plague is like the revelation of the sun god. Doom that can't escape. Barbaric country brings smallpox and cholera The disease eventually killed 90% of the three-eyed people. Because the three-eyed people do not have antibodies against the disease, nor Vaccine against these highly contagious diseases。
      Smallpox is an important infectious disease in human history and is caused by smallpox virus. When the army of the Bulls was invaded, the smallpox The deadly disease has landed on the mainland. The indigenous inhabitants have never faced the smallpox, so they have no chance to increase their resistance to smallpox. The smallpox has spread all over the place, and the smallpox has a huge lethal effect on the original inhabitants. This infectious disease, which has such a huge impact on humans, is mainly transmitted through the air. Legend has it that smallpox originated in ancient Egypt because it found obvious pustule marks on the mummies. It was followed by a pandemic in many parts of the world and captured the lives of countless humans. The symptoms of the virus are very serious, there will be blood poisoning and persistent fever. The tongue and the ankle are widely covered by red spots. The speed of the rash is slow, causing the super blisters to contain only a small amount of liquid, and bleeding occurs, so the white of the eyes will turn red. The skin will have dim erythema and blemishes, and then it will be burnt black. The spleen, kidney and serosa are also common hemorrhages. The liver, testicles, ovaries or bladder are also affected in rare cases. At the same time, the body's resistance The amount of thrombin increases as the clotting factor decreases. The patient will suddenly die within 5-7 days after the onset of the disease with very few symptoms. Cholera is one of the most threatened diseases of humans. It is caused by Vibrio cholera. This kind of extremely painful disease can prevent patients from vomiting and diarrhea until the stomach is empty and the whole body is dehydrated. When dehydration, it will cause severe paralysis of the limbs and vomiting. Even if the patient's stomach has been emptied, it will not stop, but with retching, it can cause diarrhea dehydration or even death within a few hours。
    These diseases are far more terrible than war, and the three-eyed is inevitable. These diseases have never been in these civilized tribes. In the emergence of these tribes, the appearance of the barbaric country is the punishment of the gods. Not only bring up the war, but also bring deadly diseases The doom, more tribal gods predict that the barbaric country is the embodiment of the god of death, the incarnation of the devil. In the prophecy of the three-eyed, the barbaric country The emergence of the disaster is only a prelude to the disaster. Due to the outbreak of the colonial war, the great destruction of nature led to the sin of the gods, and the gods were angry. Then he took up the catastrophe of the day, these prophecies only know the three-eyed because ACE is the son of the solar, so get the solar care. The three-eyed experienced the most difficult days at the moment. On the one hand, it was a war with the barbaric country. This war has caused the greatest damage, resulting in The spirits are coated with charcoal, the wild cattle country is really as its name, blind, barbaric rampage, but fortunately ACE early prevention, successfully improve the armaments, can Enemy, but can not avoid the destruction of the territory of the three-eyed the civilization built by the former three-eyed was baptized by war. Another the terrible deadly disease spreads faster than the war, and more people die from the disease than those who die from the war. ACE can and The barbaric country resisted the war, but it could not rival the aggression of the disease. The barbaric country occupied the upper peak at this time, but the barbaric country did not have the revelation of the gods, still proud of it, I don’t know the bigger bad luck, the disaster is about to fall on it. The solar predicted that the gods were angry and wanted to punish The world, human beings will enter an incomparably terrible time, there is no way to escape, first the rain god of the angry rain god curse, no longer rain to the whole land Dry, then angry Vulcan, roaring and shaking the earth, opening a bloody mouth, sticking out the red tongue, bright red lava to flood the earth The anger of the gods has not stopped, the rain god once again punishes human beings, and it is raining down continuously, flooding, and finally a huge The meteorite descends from the sky, hits the earth, the whole world is frozen, and all creatures fall into hibernation. All this is a god. Punish, warn humanity not to destroy nature。

 








                Chapter 30 . The Land of Disappearance 
    As the whole world also took up the colonial war, the ruthless warfare finally spread to the three-eyed . ACE helpless The land must also lead the three-eyed to fight. This time the opponent is the first generation of the day, not the empire, the barbaric country。

   The three-eyed is in a tough, difficult day, wars and diseases have already caused more than 80% of the entire ethnic group to die .The surviving tribes are waiting for the revelation of the solar in the prophecy, and the solar prophecy will open on a certain day. The door of the gods, but unfortunately the three-eyed  is left with only the people who are lingering. The bull country is still fighting, ACE has no longer want to The war led the rest of the people to the place where the solar promised, but the bull country did not know that it had already been defeated. The king of kings. The three-eyed has gathered in the largest sun temple waiting。

     The time promised by the sun god is coming, opening a hole in the sky, the glare of light passing through the temple, the light covering the whole piece The Temple of the Sun, the trio of the tribes closes their eyes in the light, because if the eyes are illuminated by the solar caused by blindness, this glare, the fiery light once appeared in the war of the sea orcs, the power of this light is the strongest It is solubilized. The door to the gods opens, and as the light disappears, the three-eyed disappears overnight on Earth.
It is. But ACE did not disappear with the three-eyed He was lying in the jungle and forgot everything. But ACE turned out to be just forgetting things related to the three-eyed ,he still vaguely forgets certain things. When ACE was lying down, he made a dream, In the dream, he saw the wolf leader, Nymphs, whom he once loved. In the dream, he agreed with ACE that they would meet again somewhere in a certain year.
And will continue to love, long-term guard. After waking up, ACE still remembers this convention. ACE learned in the three-eyed the knowledge has not been eliminated, he still knows the ability of the rainbow to leap. Then ACE leaves the jungle and returns to reality, after which met an unfortunate woman on a trip, passed a woman, although I did not meet ACE, but ACE seems to have met. Her appearance, the shadow is very similar to a woman who meets him in an ACE impression. This woman is "Queen", and finally ACE
Just make a couple with this woman。

    Although the three-eyed disappeared overnight, ACE will not really be the son of the solar.…?

                    THE END
