
WHEN LIONS DANCE
BOOK 3
ARORYIAN WINDS

P.D. STARGAZER

Copyright © 2018 P.D. Stargazer
All rights reserved.
Distributed by Smashwords
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Ebook formatting by www.ebooklaunch.com

CONTENTS
Prologue
1. Only One Thing Bothers Me
2. They Took My Lam
3. The Sawtee
4. I Know Sawtee
5. We Have a Plan
6. I Can Try
7. Wait, Wait, Now!
8. Cresting Day
9. The Crested One
10. Under My Wing
11. The Odd Sons
12. Pinched Hearts
13. From What I Can See
14. Like I’ve Never Seen
15. A Crowd Gathered
16. Wonders
17. Love Needy
18. The Shimmering
19. Forever the Optimist
20. Backslide
21. Dead of Night
22. All Minds Together
23. Recover
24. Tails
25. For the Books
26. For You Only
27. I Have to Have It
28. Homecoming Day
29. What the Hell
30. How the Hell
31. Something Smells
32. Aftershock
33. Shockwaves
34. Whiteout 1
35. Sun Blessed
36. So Glad
Book 4: Veil of the Monster

PROLOGUE
ARORYIAN WINDS
When Von took his last look at Towten, he wasn’t sure how long it would be before he could one day return. Should he hope for the best, or fear the worst?
It came late that night, a rumble loud enough to wake every soul in Exiland. And when the sun came up the next morning, there were signs the water had rushed the canyon and run into the life-giving black water, deluding it. But that was not the source of the thunderous rumble, that was actually a blessing. The water had loosened the boulders and sent them crashing and hopelessly blocking the way in for water and the way out for those living in Exiland.
Von had surmised the flood would keep the mighty Sawtee away for fifteen years or more. TowHummy and Exiland were at peace. Messenger birds flew back and forth from one palace to the other confirming it. At the same time a portion of the mountain had fallen the night the dams broke, and after two years the water had barely reseeded.
Von had been a warrior all his life. At first being at peace was a little unnerving. He was a bit restless, out of place and time. His father, King Vincent and his father in law, Conner, having gone through something similar as they got older, helped him learn to relax. Just because there was no enemy, didn’t mean you couldn’t take your sword or ax out for high-spirited games. And Conner had collected and stocked the library with quite an interesting collection.
But there was barely time to become bored when you have Donna for a wife. Von had no idea how hard it would be to keep up with her. Where he saw nothing to do for the day, she saw a hundred things. She would start the morning out with, “I was thinking…” and so the day went on. Von spent many a night, lying in bed, thankful and grateful for his wonderful life.

1.
ONLY ONE THING BOTHERS ME
It was a beautiful sunny afternoon. Von and Donna were relaxing out in the garden, just off the palace, it was quiet, and secluded. Von sat with his back against a nice large tree, reading and his Lam, Donna, lay her head in his lap watching the clouds change shape.
“Look,” she pointed but other than a slight dip in his brow, Von paid no attention. “Come and lay beside me.”
“Why so you can lean on me?” He turned a page. “Hum, I don’t see any baby, not even a little pooch. Are you sure you didn’t just make up an excuse to eat and sleep all day?”
Donna giggled, “No, no, you’re missing it, a procession of magical effigies floating across the blue sky. I just don’t want you to lose out. I assure you the same rabbit that just passed will never come this way again.”
Still not getting a response, she tugged on the book, “What are you reading anyway?
“It’s ancient history, It’s full of battle strategies and inventions from the old world.
Donna crinkled her nose, “Why would you want to read something like that? And on such a peaceful, beautiful day. Are we not safe for years to come?”
“It interests me, not only war, but the book is Hummy. It helps me understand how they and everyone else in this book think.
Donna’s eyes follow a butterfly through the colorful, lush foliage. It leads her to a young servant boy. “Conny,” she cried, and he came running. “Child, do you know if the kitchen still has any huge grapes left?” The boy smiled and ran off.
“Grapes again?” Von questions, “Are you going to peel each one before you eat it?”
“I know, for some reason, I just don’t like the skin anymore.” She snickered, “I was going to ask you to help me.”
He peeped under his book and stared at the ever so beautiful face. He is warmed by the glow of love and contentment. Then an annoying question bounced into his mind. He closed the book and gently lifted her head, got to his knees and kisses her on the cheek. “I’ll be right back, I need to talk to mother.”
“Okay, I’ll save a few grapes for you to peel.” She gave an elfish grin.
• • •
Queen Kissna, was at a large window, busy clipping old leaves off a strange plant she tended dearly. It looked like a tree, but it was not taller than a man’s lower arm and had only one or two red leaves. Sharp as always, Von marveled at how he rarely ever saw a hair out of place on the woman. What did she do, pluck all the short ones out? He wondered. She turned around, startled to find him staring. His visit to her rooms were few and far between. Her eyes lit up with a smile.
“Mother, I wanted to ask you about something that has been bothering me.” He took a seat and leaned back with a serious gaze that got his mother’s attention. “It’s about Lam and the baby.”
Kissna glanced at her little tree. “Of course, my son.” She sat across from him.
“I never thought I would have an heir. I didn’t know I would live this long. Now, here it is years later and I’m to be a father.”
Kissna raised her brows, “And?”
Von inhaled deep, “Well the healing waters help, so it’s not so obvious, but I’m still a Cryistlum. I have felt the pain of it in every bone in my body. My blood carries that poison but what about my child?”
Kissna frowned with concern for a moment, then burst into laughter, slapping her knee. “You’ll get just what you deserve.”
“Mother!” he cried, thinking she’s not taking his concerns seriously. “What if the child is born dead or has a horrible deformity? You may think I was too young, but I remember father’s manservant, not his name but his feet. How was he able to walk?”
The Queen sat back amazed. “You saw Kalem? I only saw him a few times myself. Your father loved him like no other. Kalem didn’t like people staring, like you and I did. So, he stayed out of site. Sad. Did you know he’s your Peter’s uncle?”
“No! Pedee never said a word about him.” Von looked off in thought.
“He may have rarely seen him himself.” She added.
“My point is, mother, what if my child is unable to walk.” Von rose and started to circle the floor.
“What if Lam has a child like that, or, or if anything is wrong? It would be my fault. I will have to live with it for the rest of my life.” He turned to Kissna, “I could have left her alone for some normal, whole man, but no, I had to be selfish and not even think of what the future could bring. I didn’t think we could ever have a child. I just didn’t think.”
Kissna spoke calmly, “Have you spoken to Donna about this?”
Von shook his head, “No, I couldn’t bring myself to.” He ran his hand over his face. “She deserves so much more, a whole man, not me, who has given her a monster. I should have stayed and died in Towten.”
“My son, your baby will be fine.” He turned away, her eyes were deep set on him. “Look at me, I never ever want to ever hear you say anything like that again.”
Kissna’s smile is all but gone. “Von, sit.” She moved closer and ran her fingers through his hair. “Do you know how wonderful our lives are, just because you are here? I can’t imagine my life without you, and I don’t want to. So, stop all this nonsense. Yes, things happen but who’s to say it won’t be a blessing, not a monster but a beauty.
Von listened intently. “Yes, Kalem had twisted feet, but did you know he loved to write? Apparently, he was happier than most. I suspect he knew more about your father than either of us. The King trusted and confided in him. They discussed everything, and as I understand it, he even had a say as to whether your father would marry me.” She pushed her nose in the air and blinked a few times. “Now you go and kiss your lovely wife and stop worrying. Your babe will be beautiful and perfect, I promise.”
“Just one thing,” Von bit his lip, “Do you think you could talk to her for me and see what she may be thinking?”
“What? Oh, okay,” she looked at his loosely open shirt, “only if you’ll show it to me.” She snickered, reached, pulling his shirt and caught a glimpse of his wound. Her eyes grew wide like a child.
Von was embarrassed and pulled away, “Mother!”
Sounding mystified, Kissna expressed, “It doesn’t look like real flesh.”
“Yes, I know what it looks like!” Von snapped back.
As he walked away, she added, “Well I’m not going to tell her anything. That kind of talk can only worry her, and the last thing she needs is too much excitement and worry!”
Von’s nose flared as he took a deep breath and cracked a slight smile.

2.
THEY TOOK MY LAM
Von picked up his book in the hallway and headed back to the garden where he expected to find his sweet Lam peeling grapes. A soft smile was still on his face until he entered the garden, a few grapes were thrown about, and then a cluster. That’s odd, Von thought and picked up his pace. At first, he saw no one, Donna was gone. A tray was flipped upside down and grapes were everywhere. “Lam, Lam, he called out. Then the cries of a boy laying in the bushes caught his attention. Von’s breath went short, his hair stood on end.
He picked up the bloody faced boy. Frightfully serious, he asked him what had happened and where was Donna. The boy pulled himself together and tearfully answered. “They took her.”
“Who took her?” Von’s voice bellowed.
“The men, strange men on horseback. They kicked me.” The child cried.
A gardener with blood running from his head came stumbling and yelling, “They took the princess! They took her! They rode off that way.” he pointed, “Strangers, I’ve never seen them before.”
Von looked in the direction the gardener pointed. As far as he knew there was nothing but a rocky mountain canyon there. By this time others started to arrive. One claimed to have heard muffled screams. Von gave orders to ready his horse.
He ran fast, but his mind raced faster. Missing steps, to his office, he passed his mother in the hall. She called out something, and he hollered, “They have my Lam.”
The queen was stunned, did I hear him correctly, she wondered. The halls started to flood with commotion. Von kicked off his slippers and pulled on his boots, opened his trunk and pulled out his gear and ax. A servant entered and pulled his shield off the wall. Out the door, he fastened belts and tucked his ax and tighten arm guards. It wasn’t that hot of a day, but sweat beads formed on his forehead and his jaw tightened. Heat rose up the center of his back. He was bent on killing something.
As he rampaged down the hall, his mother and father try to intercept. King Vincent asked, “Who took Donna?” Von didn’t know, so he didn’t answer. And the king’s words didn’t slow him down. Vincent tried again, “You can’t just go like this. It may be a trap, we have to think this out.”
Von shook his head, “There’s no time.” There was a quick, eye to eye understanding.
As he dashed out, the King hollered harshly. “Take the men with you.” What men? Von wondered, but as he ran down the stairs, there was his horse and six others, ready and waiting. Von was a bit taken aback, for other than battling just for practice, they had no soldiers or real fighting guards. He nodded, and the seven took to the rocky mountain canyon.
From the garden, was tall grass and beyond that, the forest started and then the mountains. They followed tracks to canyons with boulders so large no horse could have traveled, but skirting a gorge, they tracked the kidnappers to a trail that twisted narrowly between two mountains. They traveled single file as the mountain dropped off perilously.
Kidnappers were waiting and ambushed them. Von knew they were there just to delay him and he dashed after his Donna. The trail twisted dangerously the zigzagging created blind spots in places where another trap could be staged.
Von saw dust and knew he was close. Knowing they were waiting, he slowed with ax ready. Just ahead, he could see where the path recessed into a large hidden spot. He thought to maybe climb the mountain and look down on them, to get a better idea of what he was fighting, but before he had the chance, three Outlanders emerged to attack.
Von sized them up quickly. Raising his shield, he charged, needing to get past them to his Lam. Swinging his ax, he found his arm was still in good form and took the three down swiftly, but there was no Donna in the blind spot, only more Outlanders, maybe twenty.
He saw where he could take out three, but the others would surely kill him. A dagger went through his ax arm causing him to drop it. He relented, but where was Donna? When he demanded to know, they dragged him off his horse and beat him. His horse took off, at least his father will find it and know he was taken.
It was almost night when the Outlanders reached their camp. Still no Donna in sight. The Outlanders took every opportunity to thrash him. Finally, a rock to the head put him out.

3.
THE SAWTEE
When Von awakened, he was in a cell. His head ached as if he had been dragged downstairs by his feet. His ax arm was tight and painful. He was unable to raise it. He could hear voices, the dialect was Sawtee. They had found a way in, not wide enough to bring an army but just enough to steal what made his life worth living.
A day passed, he needed the black water, bad. His arm was stiff. Living in Exiland, and always having access to the healing water, he had forgotten what pain felt like. Without food and the water, his body hurt.
Late in the day, they chained his feet and his hands behind his back and took him to a dining hall. Apparently, they had built a new palace between the forest and Codlend. The hall was dim, with just enough light for him to see Donna, strung up by her arms against a far wall. His heart broke, and his anger magnified.
Donna was worn and weak, she had also been deprived of food and water. When she saw him, she tried to stand taller. Just the sight of him gave her hope, relief, and strength. She didn’t know that the only real strength he had left, was his rage. They pushed him to his knees, before a table of well dressed noble dinner guest, two wearing crowns. The one he presumed to be the king spoke.
“So, you are the great warrior. The dead man still living. One of the fearless, immortal sons of the Towten. You look like a beaten man to me. Just an ordinary man. Is that blood I see on your face and shirt?” He looked around the table, “What kind of immortal bleeds?” His guests are amused, they point and laugh.
Von says nothing, his eyes still steady on Donna.
King Muntage goes on, “Did you come without a ransom? Only a true immortal could walk out of here with her. No matter, I had no intention of giving her back to you anyway. My son has plans, he has expressed desires for that one.”
That gets Von’s attention. The guest whoop and howl. Muntage adds, “I’ve decided you should be a public spectacle. My people need to see how mortal the Towten prince really is. You will be put to death, but relax you still have a little time. I have no intention of killing you until I have my ransom paid, double, since you arrived.”
The clamor grew louder until Von shouted. “Did you know Towten can see into the future? I see you two dung eating pigs with your throats slit.” The guards kicked him to the ground and the guest gasps, then a hush came over the room.
Prince Romo was insulted, and surely couldn’t let the Towten get a gasp from the table. He slowly rose, approached Von, now back to his knees, and kicked him in the face. The move caused the ladies to cover their eyes. “Towten, did you know, there is a male in nature, that when it finds a female of a certain value, they attempt to mate with her? And if she is already carrying the seed of another, he beats her until she gives it up. Then he replaces it with his own.”
Von struggles back up on his knees, blood runs from his mouth down his chest. He never takes his rage filled eyes off Cuke as he continued. “At that point, in her deranged state, we let her escape. She runs home, to raise a Sawtee prince, in your child’s place. She will love and nurture it with all the affection your little dead Tow will never see.”
Von snarls, spewing blood, “Oh they will know it’s Sawtee when she delivers from the back end!” There were more gasps.
The guard kicks him to the ground again, the Sawtee Prince put his boot to the blood stain on his shirt and pressed. Von refused to give him the satisfaction of the slightest groan. So, he pressed harder and leaned over. “I will not let you die until what’s left of your heir lay shriveled before you.”
The blood stain now covered a large portion of Von’s shirt. He was starting to fade when the prince motioned for him to be taken back to his cell. It felt like slow motion. Von watched Donna, she was horrified. With his gaze full of compassion and reassurance, he struggled to watch her for as long as he could.

4.
I KNOW SAWTEE
Towten King Vincent sat alone waiting for word when Connor burst in with two other men, Tallen and Burt who stood in the background. The King jumped to his feet, anxious for what news they had.
Conner took a deep breath, “Only Von’s horse was found. There was blood, but no way to tell if it was his.” He gestured toward two men, “This is Burt and Tallen, cousins with family in Sawtee.”
The two men nod as Vincent rushed them with eyes wide. “What have you found?”
Burt answers, “My king, my family are bakers and pot makers, the best in all Lapuslandee, merchants to all before the flood. With that, they have access to the new Sawtee Palace. We found the Prince and Princess are still alive, but we should do something quickly. The Sawtee Prince has evil plans for them.”
Vincent moved up close to Burt, looking him square in the eyes, “How did they find us?”.
Burt’s eyes wander, “There is a narrow space between two mountains. One side drops off and leaves a steep cliff. It looks as if they worked for months clearing a path to Exiland.”
Vincent crossed his arms behind his back and paced the floor without a word for some time. Then pulled a scroll off the table and handed it to Conner, “This came while you were gone. It’s a ransom request, they’re asking for gems. We have no gems, we have gold. The Hummy have gems. What the hell are they talking about… Aurora?” Aurora was a crystal of brilliant colors depending on its temperature. The king threw his hands in the air, “Then they shall have Aurora. Fitting, fools’ stones, for fools.”
Vincent sat down and ran his hands through his hair, he placed his elbows on the table and locked his fingers. He sat motionless for a moment. Then, “I know Sawtee, they treat each other worse than they treat us. Who’s in power today? They kill each other off so quickly, I can’t keep up.”
The king shook his head, “Salen, Den, Harmon, they were the few I knew some years back.”
Conner answered, “They have all died strange and unusual deaths. There is a new generation of Sawtee royal assassins. Muntage is now king, and his son is called Cuke. Conner’s voice deepened, “Here’s the key, Muntage has a brother, Malcolm.”
Vincent’s eyes light up. “Malcolm, Malcolm!” He jumped from his seat and grabbed Conner by the shoulders. “Good, this Malcolm is the weak link. To pull this off, we’ll need an insider, someone who knows his way around.”
Conner pointed out, “There are none better than these two once Hummy merchants. They know their way around Sawtee.”
But Vincent was put off, he frowned and stepped back from Conner, “Am I to trust the life of my son to a Hummy?”
Burt and Tallen are offended, and so was Conner. Burt stepped forward, “I am TowHummy, my king.” He bows.
Conner added, “Vincent, I trust these men with the life of my daughter.”
The king’s eyes search for a moment. He forgot things had changed and in Exiland, they had been different for some time, way before he arrived. He would have to rely on Conner’s judgment, who also had a daughter to lose. He slowly went back to his seat. Somewhat calmer and with a sigh, he called, “Burt, what do you know about the Sawtee? Come and have a seat.”
The king motioned with his hand and pushed a chair out from under the small round table with his foot. Conner and Tallen were relieved and joined them.
Burt’s eyes squared with the king. “I am from a family of merchants who traveled between TowHummy and the Outland, selling the finest pots. When my father was in Towten or the Outland, my cousin and I would sell in the villages and Exiland. We were here when Conner warned us it was too late to return to Hum or Tow. Since then, like most, we keep in touch with a bird. You see my mother is now in Towten and my father was trapped in Sawtee.”
“We followed the kidnappers’ trail to the Outland, we found the Sawtee had built a splendid new palace. And that my family’s wonderful bread is in and out of their kitchens daily. We are no strangers among the Sawtee, but take pride in knowing we are not of them.”
Vincent stares in deep thought, then turned to Conner and nods as if to say okay. “I need you to take me to this mountain cliff.” He then turned to the cousins. “I need you two to go to this Malcolm. I’ll draw up an offer.” They were all zealous and eager to depart. “Conner, we’ll need every able body.”
Conner dipped a brow, “I’ll tell the miners to go deep, so the Aurora will keep its color longer.”
They all rose from the table, and Vincent gave Conner a devilish grin. “Kind of reminds me of the old days.”
Conner returned the smirk, “Does make my heart beat faster.”
As the men were leaving, Kissna slipped in. The king stayed behind for her. Though no tears are allowed, she was clearly frazzled. She had been hiding, wanting no one to see her condition. She wanted to know what Vincent planned to do. His army and best trained men were in Towten unable to lift a finger to help.
But Vincent had a plan and was quite lit up. Just seeing him made Kissna breathe a sigh of relief. He took both her hands as she asked, “How did they find us, do they hate us that much?”
Vincent caressed her face and gave her a hopeful smile that she did not return. “I must go. We have to work fast. I won’t come back without our son. Alive! So if I should not…”
With eyes wide and starting to gloss, she swallowed hard and put her fingers to his lips to stop his next word. She shook her head no. He gave her a cheek to cheek and quickly left. Kissna flopped in a chair rubbing her forehead, wishing her favored Rose hadn’t been left in Towten. Without Rose, she had come to confide in Donna. “So, this is what it is like to truly be alone.” She thought out loud.

5.
WE HAVE A PLAN
Von sat in his cell half asleep when the rattle of keys at his door awakened him. It was Burt. Von was quite the site. His arm pulled close to his side, one shoulder higher than the other, he looked crippled. His filthy bloody shirt stank and his cell reeked.
But this was no time for pity. Burt had a tray with food. “Hey Towten scum, here’s your meal.” A guard stood too close, so Burt spat in it. The guard laughed and left.
Von slid over to a square spot of sunlight where Burt sat the tray. He whispered, “Burt, what are you doing here?”
Burt kneeled down and handed Von a bag of water. Von snatched it and took a few gulps. “Careful my prince it’s not deep blue, its black water,” Burt warned.
Von’s parched lips cracked when he smiled, and he poured some on his wound. “I need it. Burt, have you seen Donna, do you know anything?”
Burt shook his head, “I know only that she is still alive, and that we’ll find her. We have a plan, and we move tonight. Me, Tall and two others, not our friends, Malcolm’s men. He guarantees your freedom if you kill King Muntage and his son. It will look like you did it and got away. We’ll have to hurry; the ransom was paid with gold and lots of Aurora.
Von’s motivated, he poured more black water on his shoulder. Already his eyes look clearer, but Burt could see he was still shaky.
Von assured Burt, “There’s no problem killing them, but you can’t trust a Sawtee with his own mother. We’ll have to be careful.”
Burt gave Von a sly grin, “We have plans for that. See you tonight.” Burt started to leave but had a concerned thought. “You need to eat, I didn’t really spit in it.”
Von snorted and started to gobble the food as Burt cried out the door. “Hey, let me out. It stinks in here.”
• • •
Donna is brought into Sawtee Prince Cuke’s chambers and hung against the wall by her wrist. A woman, Taska, appeared and gave the servants orders. “Strip her down to her under clothing.”
As she passed Donna pleaded, “Water, please, just water.”
Taska looked her over with contempt. “Shut your filthy mouth, you Towten rag.” The servants undress Donna, removing her outer garments, rings, and even her slippers. Taska watched and then added a strange powder to a pitcher of wine. She then slipped into Donna’s slippers and pocketed her jewelry.
Moments later Cuke entered the dim room. Taska poured him wine and rushed him. “I have prepared the Towten.” She points to Donna and gets in his face, “Do you really want her? Look at her, she’s nothing without her garments and jewelry. What do you see now? Nothing, only that she belongs to him.”
Cuke took the wine and drank, he looked Donna over, like a tasty rack of meat. He ran his hand under her undergarment. The dehydrated Donna perked up enough to muster an evil glare of loathing. He smiled back and turned to Taska, slurring drunk and yelling, “Where are her garments and jewelry? Put them back.” He slapped her to the floor.
She quickly recovered as he started to stumble, and helped him to his bed, where he fell asleep. She pulled her hair back and headed for the door stopping at Donna. “Towten, filthy pig, you will die before I let you carry his child.”
Desperate, Donna pleads again, breathlessly. “Water, just water, this is all I ask.”
Taska ignored her plea, “That he should even look at you disgust me.” She put her finger in Donna’s face and snarled, “You are nothing.” And in her jealous anger, she slapped Donna hard enough to draw blood and left the room.

6.
I CAN TRY
Deep in the night, Burt and the others arrived. Mysteriously, there were no guards, and the key to Von’s cell was on the floor. “Von?” Burt whispered as he opened the door.
Von emerged ready and waiting. He acknowledged the men with his eyes bright and with no signs of ever being wounded. Burt was relieved as he and Von exchanged a devilish grin. He handed Von a nice sized dagger, Von flipped it’s grip a few times. He glanced at the other two men, who were obviously Sawtee. Von was eager to fulfill his part of the agreement and more. So, they quietly sneaked upstairs and into the main palace.
Oddly, there wasn’t a guard in sight. The two Sawtee led Von to the King’s chambers. He went in alone and in moments returned with a bloody dagger and wearing a clean shirt. The Sawtee were a little stunned as one went in to confirm the deed was done.
Now the Sawtee men led Von to another part of the Palace, still not a guard in sight. When one pointed out the large double doors, Von and Burt knew as soon as the Prince was dead, they would also be killed, and the two would be hailed heroes for capturing and killing the King’s assassins. So they turned on the unsuspecting men and dragged their bodies behind heavy drapes.
Quickly, they then crept into Prince Cuke’s chamber, and in the dimly lit room, Von found his Donna, still strung fast to the wall. In her weakened state, she had fallen asleep. Her shackles were leather but tight. The blood in the corner of her mouth made his heart race and his jaw clench with anger.
Von held her up as Burt loosened the shackles, “Donna, Donna my Lam, come out of it. Wake up.” Seeing the pain, she had suffered, his voice cracked. “Please my love, open your eyes.” He put the water bag close to her mouth and trickled a few drops on her lips.
Her eyes fluttered a bit, then she whispered, “I knew you would come.” Von sat her in a nearby chair where she guzzled dark blue water. Burt kept an eye out for trouble. The prince lay snoring.
Out an open window, the sky was not so black as a moment ago. They had to get going. Von motions to the job at hand, Burt stood watch at the door. Von shook his dagger between the prince’s legs. Cuke opened the slits of his eyes. He saw Donna’s face leaning over him. “Wake up sweet Prince” Cuke groaned and smiled.
Then his eyes bugged when her face was quickly replaced with the sinister sneer of Von, who cuts him. He starts to yell and grabs himself. Von covered his cries.
He leaned in his face, “I would stuff you like I promised,” His eyes dart to Donna, he didn’t want her to see just how cruel he could be. “but I don’t have time.” And he slit his throat.
All was yet quiet and still. Von found a robe and wrapped it around Donna. He looked her over, “Your shoes, you’re barefoot.”
Donna wrinkled her nose, “His woman took them.”
Just as they start to leave the room, Taska returned, sleepily rubbing her head, wanting to wake up next to her prince as she normally did. Burt saw her candle and signaled to hide. Just as she entered, he quickly covered her mouth and put a dagger to her neck.
“Make a sound and you’re dead.” She dropped the candle, and it rolled away.
“She’s the one with my shoes.” Donna scowled. The woman was shocked to see Donna recovered.
Von pushed her against the wall, “Take off her shoes.” Taska kicked them off. “Now, get on your hands and knees and place them on her feet.” With fear and loathing, she put them back on Donna and narrowed her eyes at them.
Burt found a rag and gagged her. “What do we do with It?”
Donna got their attention when she grabbed the water bag. Von steadied her tremble as she took a large gulp. With a deep breath her nose flared and her shoulders rose, she whirled off a back slap that knocked Taska unconscious, she fell to the floor.
Burt and Von’s mouths fell a jar. Von gave Donna a Towten smirk as he held the bag of water and she drank the last. Burt looked for a private staircase and led them to a secluded courtyard where Tallen waited with four horses.
Until now, all had gone swiftly to plan, but they now faced a possible unforeseen drawback. “Von asked with great concern, “Donna, can you ride?”
Her answer, “I can try.” was not convincing. She was clearly exhausted.
He mounted his horse, “You’ll ride with me.” Recalling the narrow passage between the mountains, he put her on the back. As she grabbed ahold of him, it all felt unsteady, too loose for the hard ride they were about to endure. Time was running out as the sky turned a lighter shade of blue.
Burt watched and suggested, “The sash, the sash from the robe. Bind it around you both tightly.”
Donna quickly untied it and found it long and wide enough to go around them twice. Von pulled it until uncomfortable, then knotted it. Now they were as one body, her head to his back and her arms around his waist, he leaned back, “Heart, hold on to me tightly, draw blood if you must but don’t let go.”
In the cool morning air Von broke a light sweat as this was going to be a daring and risky journey.

7.
WAIT, WAIT, NOW!
Taska lay on the floor choking. Though she had been gagged, she had not been bound. The room was filled with smoke. The candle she was carrying when Burt put the dagger to her throat, had rolled away and started a fire. The room was in flames. The draping around Cuke’s bed was ablaze.
She ran out into the hall, pulling the gag away, she screamed, finally waking the palace. They quickly vacated, but not before noting that the King and his son had been murdered. And not before Malcolm had his chest of fake stones removed. It would be later that afternoon before he discovered he had a chest of Aroura. Taska described the assassins and soldiers took after them.
• • •
It was sunrise, but Von, Donna, Burt and Tallen still had a long way to go. Von could only travel so fast. They knew the Sawtee couldn’t be too far behind and at a glance, the billow of black smoke in the sky added a new dimension.
Burt led them to a fork in the road. It was obvious they could not reach the canyon in time; they needed a new strategy. Most likely the Sawtee were tracking three horses, not one. So, he sat Von out one way, and he and Tallen and the extra horse went in another direction. “We will keep them off your trail. Take care, my Prince.” A farewell wave and they were off.
The ruse worked only too well, Burt and Tallen had the Sawtee on their tails until the sun was high overhead. Thinking they had given Von plenty of time to reach the passage, they made their way back.
It was almost sundown when Burt and Tallen reached the mountains, but they saw no sign of Von or the Sawtee. Thinking they had lost them and that Von had passed through already, they made their way home.
Having lost the trail of the assassins, the Sawtee had only one option. They could only be heading one place, back to TowHummy. They made a mad dash to cut them off. They reached the mountain, just in time to see Von and Donna enter the passage.
“Damn, I can hear them.” Von feverishly took off down the dangerously narrow crack in the mountain. In no time, he could hear closing in behind him, but he could only ride so fast or risk being knocked off the horse.
• • •
High above, at the edge of the cracked mountain, King Vincent and Conner wait impatiently for their Prince to return. Seeing Burt and Tallen return alone was disturbing. They were about to backtrack when a mountaintop lookout saw movement.
“Anything yet?” Vincent cried.
“Nothing” Conner shouted. He stood at the opposite end of a wall of boulders and rock, held back by rope. “We can hear more than one horse, it’s going to be close.” Most of Exiland was there, waiting for the word.
Even though the path was narrow, Von rode dangerously fast. He couldn’t chance even a glance back to see how close behind they actually were. Then a dagger whizzed by his head. His heart pounds as every turn was a split second decision. A sharp cry behind them told him they were one down. He couldn’t afford to look back to see what sounded like a pileup. But it didn’t last long. Another dagger hit the mountainside, and another just missing Donna. He thought surely when he reached the small open area, his father would have soldiers waiting to defend him. But there was no one.
As another dagger hit the mountain wall, Von threw caution to the wind and made some space between them. Little did he know that just up above his father watched anxiously for his moment. “Wait, wait, wait, now!” he hollered.
They cut the ropes on both ends and rock, and boulders came tumbling down into the canyon, trapping everyone behind Von and Donna. His horse was spooked, Von thought the mountain had collapsed. The sounds of horses thundering behind him were replaced with the cries of men. He had just made his way around a twist and turn and had no idea what had just happened, only that it was a blessing that had saved their lives.
Near the end of the pass, Von found Burt and Tallen waiting to escort them back to a safe area. Von quickly untied himself, dismounted them and embraced his Lam in awe. It was almost dark, but after what they had been through, green grass, trees and a small spring water pond was most inviting.
While Tallen and Burt made camp and hunted down dinner, Von and Donna took a badly needed dip. It wasn’t the healing water but was in itself cleansing and invigorating. Though he tried, the nagging question she knew would never go away, surfaced. As they lingered nude in the pond. Donna rolled and twisted her wet hair up over her head. Then Von took hold of it, twisting it tighter and pulled her head to an odd angle, leaving Donna overpowered and vulnerable, but not frightened.
A sickened look covered his face. His eyes burned into hers. “I don’t want to know.” But the tone of his voice said otherwise.
Only the truth could have come from such a penetrating gaze. “No, he didn’t, his woman would have killed me first.” She smirked.
His brow softened, “You had me kill the man for nothing?”
“No, he touched me.”
Von squeezed her hair tighter, “Then I should have gutted him too.”
With their eyes locked and sweet water dripping from their faces, they took the moment for some much needed lovemaking.
• • •
The next morning, the four took a relaxing trot home. Upon arriving the courtyard was filled, the king, queen and Conner awaited. Von gave them all the most heartfelt, sincere look of sheer gratitude. Conner helped Donna, who was riding in front this time, dismount. His eyes glossed over with his warm hug.
Von greeted his parents likewise. The moment was speechless. Donna wrapped her arms around Von.
He brushed some wild flung curls out of her face. Her eyes were weary. “Are you going to faint on me?” he asked.
With rested eyelids she questioned, “Can I?” and she seemed to go limp in his arms. Conner and some servants came to his aid but Von gently shook his head no, and with a soft smile he picked her up in his arms and carried her into the palace, both tired, drained and ragged.

8.
CRESTING DAY
Prince Von dashed down the hall, grinning from ear to ear. Halfway, he is joined by his equally excited father, Vincent. “Is it time yet?”
Von chuckles, “It should be just about that time.”
They both burst into the double doors of the nursery, elbow to elbow. Queen Kissna stood near the crib holding her six month old grandson. With eyes wide in anticipation she asked, “Is it time yet?” Red velvet and gold painted chairs were lined in front of a table where the fine artist, Kelly stood checking his tools.
Kissna lay the babe down in his crib as she was crowded out by Von and Vincent. Conner watched out the window at a servant watching a sundial waiting to give the word. Outside and inside at the door, musicians were tuning up their harps, horns, and drums.
The artist, Kelly, sniffed a burning herb to steady his nerves. He had been given the privilege of applying the circle crest on the face of the child. The job usually fell to another far more skilled and experienced than he. But that person was in Towten, and as of yet, no one had been able to cross from one kingdom to the other.
Such a job left no room for the slightest error. The Prince would have to live with it for the rest of his life. And so would anyone who looked at him. For this reason, the artist had spent weeks perfecting his work on a pigskin.
The music had started, when Conner asked, “Where’s Donna?” Von looked puzzled. The Artist peeked out the window and announced, “It’s noon, we can proceed now.”
Von and Conner went to the door looking for Donna, who was drawn there by the music. “What’s going on.” she cried.
Von stepped back, “What, why today is Rory’s Cresting Day!” he picked her up and spun around, stopping near a table. “My most beautiful, won’t you share a toast with me to your son’s most superlative day?”
Looking around the room, “Oh, yes, I didn’t realize it was such a big occasion.” He poured, and they shared a goblet. Conner closed the doors.
“So, what happens now?” She asked nervously, watching her child adoringly.
“He gets the mark of his life,” Von answered bluntly.
“Yes, I see Kelly. Poor baby, this is going to hurt. What will he use to stop the pain?”
“Stop the pain? Absolutely nothing! That’s the most important part of the ceremony. He’s either high crested or not.”
“What? Von, it hurt me, and I used ice blue. Nothing could be so cruel.” Donna’s raised voice drew the attention of others. “I don’t understand the reason for it. What’s high crested mean?”
Still smiling, Von took another gulp of wine. “If Rory doesn’t cry during the procedure, he is indeed a special child.”
“He’s a baby, of course, he’s going to cry, any normal child would.” She protested.
Kissna interrupted, “Not all cry.”
“Exactly,” Von added, “high crested are just a little not normal.” Vincent and Conner mumbled and nodded in agreement.
Slightly hysterical, Donna lashed out, “This is heartless, I can’t stay here and watch you torture him!”
“Child, please reconsider.” Kissna pressed, “You don’t want to miss your son’s cresting.”
Everyone was taken aback, and Von, a little embarrassed, tried to calm her. Still smiling he warns, “Know my dear, once you go out that door, you cannot return until it is over. And no one will ever tell you whether he cried or not.”
With everyone in the room still smiling, Donna heads to the doors, as she passed Conner, she cried with arched eyebrows, “Father?” looking for support.
He took her hand, “Donna I am honored to be here, to bear witness. How can you miss your son’s Cresting?”
She withdrew her hand and stormed out the doors. Conner blinked a few times, shook his head and locked her and the loud music out.
The artist called out, “It is noon, we should proceed.”
With all seated, Vincent picked up the child and stood before them all.
“It gives me great pride, joy, and happiness to anoint my first grandson, with the mark of his father and my father and my father’s father. For hundreds of years, we have worn this mark of pride, strength, integrity, and courage. This mark will entitle you, to never forget who you are and your duty to your kingdom and its people. May you come to love and respect it as your ancestors have.”
Kelly stood close, holding a strange little jar of sweet honey. The King dipped his pinky finger in it and dabbed a spot on the right side of the baby’s face.
“With this, I anoint you a royal heir to the Towten thrown.” As Vincent laid him on a large satiny pillow, there were awes and applause.
On Donna’s way back to her room, she found the halls empty, as no one has the right to hear, should there be a whimper, and the loud music ensured this. No one could hear, not even her sobs.
• • •
The sun was going down, the double doors were open, and the music had stopped. Von held his son in his arms. “I am so proud of you.” He laid the child back in his crib, and as he headed to the door, his father stopped him.
“The next one is mine.”
Von narrowed his eyes,
The sun was all but gone when Von found Donna sulking on the balcony. “Well barbarian, is it over?”
Von laughed, “Yes my Lam, I am delighted to say, it is done.”
“You mean he didn’t cry?”
“Madam, I can never tell you that. Only those who stand witness know.”
“Well,” Donna put her nose in the air, “I’m going to see him, and since you can’t tell me, then I’m not going to tell you about the other one.”
Von shook his head, “I warned you, once you left the room… What other one?”
Donna ran down the hall laughing with Von close on her heels.

9.
THE CRESTED ONE
It has been nine years, and still, not one soul had passed from one kingdom to the other. Water seeps like small waterfalls from the once narrow passage between TowHummy and Exiland. Only the queen’s birds kept them in touch with one another. But life moves on in Exiland as the extraordinary water keeps them livelier than ever.
• • •
With winter coming on, early one morning, Von was sleeping when Donna climbed back into bed after quickly throwing a log into the fireplace. He rolled over, groaned in comfort and spooned with her. She scoots in deep and snuggled covering even her head, leaving only a little nose cave.
Von cried out, “Owe! You and those cold boney witches’ feet.”
Donna moans, “Hum, you’re so nice and warm.”
Four year old Michael opened the door. Von looked up to see who it was. He leaned on the pillow with an elbow. “Does anyone ever knock before entering your chambers? Michael, have you ever knocked on the door before entering?
Michael looked up at his father with wide eyes, before Donna answered, “Of course not, he’s just a baby. He knows he’s always welcome.” Seeing something in his hand, she asks. “What have you there, my little sweet?”
Michael climbed up on the bed pedestal, looked at his father and stuck his head close to where his mother is just peeking out from under the covers. “Mother are you ok in there?
Donna giggled, “Yes my dearest, I’m fine.”
Michael held up a note, “Rory left this for me to give to you this morning.”
“Where is Rory?” his mother asked.
“Michael shook his head, “I don’t know.”
“Okay, you can put it over there,” Donna points with her nose to a table. “Now tell Ona to take you downstairs to the warm kitchen. I know all the other children are down there eating. You can get some too.”
He smiled, put the letter on the table, and heads to the door, then looks back at his father, who raised an eyebrow. He giggled and ran off as his father hollered, “And don’t forget to knock next time.”
“Awe, you’re so mean.” Donna wined.
“No that’s for his own good,” Von laid back, his hands cradling his head. “He can not just open doors, he could see something shocking. I recall one time, I must have been just about his age, and I pushed a door open and…well, never mind. So why is it no one knocks at your door?”
Donna threw the covers back, exposing her face. “It’s hardly ever locked, and as I understand, it’s because they always hear laughter. And that’s inviting.”
Von replied with a not so inviting, “Hum.”
Donna sat up and started to unravel one of her long braids. And Von started to playfully pull the other one apart. Noticing Rory’s note, she handed it to Von. “What’s he into?”
Von sighed, reads it and shouts, “Damn it, Rory!
Alarmed, Donna dropped her brush, “What’s happened?”
“Rory, he’s taken off for Towten.”
“What? He couldn’t have.”
“What the hell!” Von ran his hand over his face as he tried to imagine where the boy was by now. No one had gone to Towten for a good reason. Even to go after him was dangerous. Then again, how serious was the note?
“Well, you’re always talking about how wonderful Towten Palace is. It’s no wonder he wanted to see it.” Donna popped.
“I Have never let him entertain the thought of going to Towten, especially right now.”
“The weather, is it too late, can we even send someone after him?”
“Von glanced out the window, still in deep thought, he mumbled, “No, it’s too late.”
“See, that’s your favorite boy. Rory this and Rory that, everything is Rory. Now look at what he’s done. You let him do anything he wants, just because he didn’t cry when he was crested. It’s a wonder Ellyen doesn’t feel jolted. If you spent half that much time with Ellyen, I’d feel a lot better.”
Von already a little stressed over the situation and how to fix it, Donna’s words did not sit easily as she added. “So, how are we going to get the wonderful crested one back?”
Much of Donna’s charm was the free spirit she had with Von. Having grown up in Exiland, she was never exposed to proper protocol when it came to addressing the prince. He found her innocence refreshing. But right now, he was in a mood.
Donna looked up to notice his eyes heavy on her and with a harsh voice he had never directed toward her, he replied. “Madam, you have said some silly dull things. I suggest you take them back. Yes, I spend more time with Rory, he needs it. Eyllen does not.”
He threw on his robe and stepped into his slippers and headed to the door but stopped short to lean into her face. “All these years you have known me, how is it you still don’t know what kind of man I am.” He slammed the door on his way out, and Rory’s note floated off the bed, onto the floor. Donna sat shaken, he had never spoken to her in that manner.
With her feelings bruised, she thought out loud, “I guess no one will barge in without knocking right now,”

10.
UNDER MY WING
Late one morning, Queen Kissna was in the royal center room opening chest full of beautiful fabrics. The windows were open, so lots of light flowed in, magnifying their brilliant colors and patterns. King Vincent passed through, catching Kissna’s eye.
“There you are, what have you been up to lately, you and spooky old Conner.”
Vincent laughed and took a seat. “What’s this you have laid out?”
“Aren’t they beautiful?” She pulled one close to her face. “It’s Hummy. Some from other parts of the world, I’m told. It’s been packed away for years. I’ll have to ask Lam about it?” She dropped the cloth and narrowed her eyes, “Don’t try to change the subject. What are you and Conner into?”
He glanced off with a soft smile, “I want to tell you so badly.” She blinked a few times, he had her attention.
“Okay, you know you have to tell me now. What is it? Does it have anything to do with the new wing?”
Vincent pulled on his whiskers, “In a roundabout way it does.” With eyes widened she rushed him and sat in his lap.
“Well, you can’t leave without telling me.”
“I wanted to give it to you on a special day, but even I can’t wait that long. I suppose I could show you what we’ve done so far.” Excited, he took her by the hand, and they run off like children.
Still holding hands at the entry, Kissna’s mouth fell ajar. He led her into a huge circular room. The young men were busy at work. Parts of pillars, bricks, wood, plaster, stonework, and glass lay everywhere. With only walls, the weather rushed in.
Vincent’s voice boomed, “This is just for you and me. No one will sleep up here but you and I. All servants, your handmaids, and whoever, will stay elsewhere, not here. Not here, not on this floor.”
He dropped her hand and excitedly beckoned her to follow him to other features of the tour. “Look at the size of this balcony, and over here, this is where our private hot bath will be. The water will come from those holes and hot. You can’t see it now but Conner explained it, and it’s brilliant.” Kissna put her hand on his chest and scanned the room in awe.
Her voice echoed when she yelled over the hammering. “This is enormous; the center room alone is bigger than our three rooms put together.”
He led her deeper, “This is your room, and that room is your dressing room. We can cover the wall with mirror, as tall as a man and put a skylight above it.” Kissna can’t recall the last time she had seen his eyes so lit up.
He catches himself. “I know you can’t see it yet, there’s so much work to do, but now that you know, you can help me with decisions on what you’d like in your area.”
“My area?”
“Yes, if you decorate it well enough, I’ll be in your area a lot.” He smiled with a raised brow. There was something different about her. Was she just excited about the new wing or had she changed somehow, he wondered?
Back out on the balcony where it was not so noisy, they took in the morning air and exchanged ideas and studied each other with a new found desire in their eyes.

11.
THE ODD SONS
A flustered Von paces the floor of the center room as his not so stressed parents look on. “I’m going after him. There’s no telling what’s going on in Towten.
The Queen sat relaxed, “Well give him a chance to come back, he could be on his way home this moment. It’s not like it’s going to kill him, you maybe, but not him.”
Directing his question, he asked, “Mother, when was the last time they returned a bird to you?”
“Well, it’s been almost a year this time. But that’s not so unusual, I’ve been out of touch as long as seven months. It’s not like the old days when we sent birds all the time. Over the years it gradually tapered off, mainly on their end. I only hear from them if there is an event. Like Blair having another child or well, we didn’t want to worry anyone, but they were down with the failing. But no fears, the healing water was saving lives.”
Kissna rose from her seat, and when her son finally stopped wandering, she placed her hand on his shoulder. “Von, he’ll be back, just give him a chance, besides I thought it was impossible to get through that pass.”
Vincent cleared his mouth of the dried fruit he was eating, “For a short time in winter, there’s a narrow bridge that’s made of nothing but ice. Otherwise, it’s a sheer cliff. Von, has anyone ever attempted to step on it?”
A worried Von ran his hand over his tired forehead. “Not as far as I know. A few years back I was told it collapsed under the weight of a tossed stone. Hopefully, it’s not there, in which case he’ll return soon… so I can kill him.”
Vincent laughed loudly and adds, “Well your other son is still out there, hunting wild boar, and he’s damn good at it too. You should see what he’s brought home, our meat locker is full for the season. That reminds me I need to talk to you about how remarkable your sons are.”
Just at that moment, Donna came in with a tray with sweet wine and hot cake. Vincent sat up as she laid the tray down close to him. “Look, sweet wine and these breaded root cakes are still hot.” She pours wine and takes a cake to her husband. She looked in his eyes and almost drop the cup. Clearly, she had not been forgiven. He quickly left the room in a huff. Donna stood frozen, pulling her emotions together.
Lightening the mood, Vincent chuckles, “Hum, well, that means there are extra cakes for me for a change.”
Speaking barely above a whisper, Donna set the cake back, “I know he really loves these, especially when they’re hot.”
The King and Queen’s eye’s bounce together, then land on Donna. “Perhaps he has a lot on his mind right now, dear one.” Kissna gently motions, “Come and sit. Have you been to see the new wing yet? It’s magnificent, Vincent took me to see it only this morning, if you like I can show you.” With a soft, worried smile, Donna agreed.
• • •
Two days passed, there was no sign of Rory, and there would be no rest for Von until he found him. At the slightest hint of daylight, Von wrapped himself heavy with furs. Down in the stable, he patted his horse and passed her for the wiser chose. The stableman led him to the huelyees, an animal found mainly in TowHummy. Huelyee’s were kind and good natured, looking like a mule with long hair and two short horns like a goat. With the disposition and wit of a dog, they were well favored.
Von looked them over, “I’ll take these two. They have nice heavy coats and are nice and fat. They will work well for my journey. Let’s load them up.”
As they pack, Von’s attention is drawn to Donna’s wagon. “Dale, put the rest of these blankets in her wagon and fill the under box with wood.”
The surprised stable man asked, “My Prince, have you decided to take the ladies wagon?
“No, but when I’m gone, load it for a long cold drive and use those three and take this fat one back, to make your team of four huelyees, if you need to hook up. Hopefully, you won’t.”
Traveling much lighter he leaves out into the cold morning blue.

12.
PINCHED HEARTS
Queen Kissna was in the library flipping through books, looking at drawings of flowers. Her study was interrupted when a somewhat stressed Donna rushed in.
“Mother, have you seen Von? He keeps avoiding me. I didn’t see him yesterday, and he’s gone again this morning.”
Kissna pulled her nose out of a book, “What, well I haven’t seen him today, but he was around yesterday I think. What’s all this about? I noticed the last few days there was definitely something happening. I was waiting for you to tell me.”
Donna dropped her head and flopped down in a chair like a sulking little girl. “He’s really angry with me, he won’t talk to me, touch me or even look at me.”
Kissna shut her book, “Good heavens, that’s not like the two of you. What caused this?”
“Rory running off. I accused Von of showing favorites toward Rory just because he didn’t cry during his cresting.” Kissna’s wide eyes and raised brows alarmed Donna.
“Donna, child, take care. I am but a queen and you much less a princess. These men have shed the unthinkable in blood.” She put her book down on a stack she had already gone through. She leaned in, to look Donna square in the face. “In my life, I’ve seen tragedy strike in just one heated moment. In a day or so he feels bad about it, but you’re still gone. Make sure you always stay in the warm part of his cold heart.” Kissna rose up, took Donna’s weary face in her hand and locked eyes. “Your children must be brought up very carefully.”
She walked away and took a seat across from Donna, and in a harsh and dry voice, she continued, “Donna! Von is first to inherit the throne. You have, no children. They don’t belong to you. They have to be raised rigorously. Otherwise, they cause disasters, stupid wars, senseless deaths, revolutions and on and on.”
She started to roll her ring. “I shouldn’t tell you this, but maybe it will help you understand your place in his life better. Rory screamed, just like a normal baby during his cresting. Elleyn did not.”
Donna jumped to her feet, covering most of her face, she staggered. Her wide eyes darting back and forth. Feeling sick, she started walking in circles looking for space to think.
Kissna narrowed her eyes, “What exactly did you say?”
Donna’s voice cracked, “It was worst, he asked me to take it back, and I didn’t.” She rushed Kissna with pleading red eyes and crumpled at her feet. “Mother, what am I going to do? I can’t even find him to beg his forgiveness.”
Kissna sighed and rubbed her forehead looking down at the puddle Donna had sunk into. It was only a few moments of silence but almost long enough to cause Donna to topple in anguish.
“Oh, I have it.” Kissna leaned back in her chair, relaxed. A hopeful Donna eagerly got to her knees. Kissna giggled and took Donna’s hands, “Tonight soak in hot water and rub red spice oil into your skin, then wipe it off. Put on your most beautiful nightgown and stop by my room just before you go to him. I have a little surprise.”
• • •
Late that night Donna waited in her dressing room, she thinks it’s so late he must be back in his room by now. Her handmaid Sisna finished the final touches to her hair braided on top of her head. She wore no jewelry, only the most stunning gown she could find.
“Oh, my lady, you look so gorgeous tonight.”
“Thank you, Sisna, I hope so. I’m all done, and it’s late, you should go now.” The look Sisna gave Donna assured her she was perfectly stunning.
Eager and anxious for the chance to mend things between her and her husband, she ran through the now empty halls to the Queen’s room, bursting in with a feverish smile.
“Mother?” She twirled around for Kissa’s final inspection.
Kissna was pleased, “Ah how lovely, he won’t be able to resist you, especially with this. She led Donna into her dressing room where she opened a drawer, and from the back, she pulled out a jeweled box. Inside was another old wooden box. Kissna gave her a piercing gaze.
“Never speak of this. They have their weapons, and we have ours. This is a powerful one.”
From the wooden box, she took a small black bottle. Inside she pulled out a pointer shaped like a beetle’s claw. From the tip, she got a drop of what looked like blood and dabbed it on Donna just between her breast.
“Put his nose here, and you’ll have no problems by tomorrow.” Donna held the Queen’s hand to her smiling face and with hopeful eyes ran off to the Prince’s private rooms.
She knocked softly on the door, but there is no response. She repeated it again and again. Then she called out. “Von, please my heart, open the door. It’s me, I desperately need to speak with you.”
She knocked again and then decided invited or not she opened the door. She found the room empty. The light she saw was from the window, it was moonlight. She fell on his bed and wrapped herself in his aroma and sobbed. Truly broken hearted she stared at the full moon and wondered where he was.
• • •
It was dark by the time Von reached the ice crossing. He built a fire and a lean-to. He looked up at the moon and thought he should have said something to her before leaving. Alone at the moment, he felt saying nothing was wrong. It pinched at his heart.

13.
FROM WHAT I CAN SEE
Early the next morning Von got his first good look at the ice bridge. It had increased in size, and there were tracks showing that someone had tried to cross. Von tossed a large stone on to it, with no effect. He climbed above it and pushed a nice size log on to it without the slightest hint of a crack or weakness.
To increase his chances of surviving the crossing, he stepped lightly across by himself first and then called his loaded hueylee without incident. After a few hours, still in the high mountains, there was an opening overlooking the valley. He had never been this high on that side of TowHummy. He stopped to take it in, home. His heart gushed, his lungs opened up, his mouth salivated at the thought of walking through the doors of the palace again.
Winter covered everything so he could see nothing and no Rory in sight. Yes, he was upset with Rory for taking off the way he did. But chasing him, gave Von the excuse to do what had needled him for years. As wonderful as his life in Exiland was, there was always a deep longing to go back.
It took all day to make it down the steep mountains and at the bottom, the blizzard was in full swing. He was wrapped up, but he could feel it. It was hard for him to see more than a few feet ahead.
Evidently, they had never recovered from the flood. There was nothing but white, from the sky to the tips of his boots. No trees, no barns, no animals, nothing. He felt a bit uneasy but kept moving in the direction of Towten Palace.
Von saw a spot appear in the far distance. Relieved to see anything, he went in its direction. The snow thinned between them, Von made out a hueylee. “Rory, son, son is that you?” he cried.
“Father?”
Von leaped to the ground and pulled the boy into his arms, unleashing all his joys and fears at the same time. “What the hell are you doing here? Do you have any idea how much trouble you’ve caused? You could have been lost, gone just disappeared forever.”
Rory couldn’t recall the last time his father held him so close, so tight. Pushing him back he gives the boy a hard glare that lasts too long. Then he softens in face and voice.
“Not to worry, I’ll push them off your back, when we get home.” Von’s eyes light up. “So, what did you think of Towten? Obviously, you didn’t speak to anyone or they…”
Rory shook his head no, and with sad eyes, he interrupted, “No, there is no Towten.”
“What are you talking about, of course there is?”
“I’ve been out here for so long I ran out of food. Father, I’m hungry.”
Von’s voice rose, “What do you mean, you saw nothing? It should have been just a day’s ride up ahead. How far did you go, you must have seen something?”
“All the way to the mountain and I saw nothing. I did find an old cottage; the roof was almost gone. No one was there. Nobody, nothing. I want to go back, I want to go home.”
Von scanned the landscape, he said nothing while the hungry boy stood silently by his side. He whispered to himself. “I can’t go back now.” He looked down at his son and back into the whiteness of nothing.
Kneeling to get into his son’s face, he had the boy’s attention. “Rory, listen to me carefully, this is important, you must do exactly as I tell you. Go back and tell them what you’ve seen. Tell them I’ll get to the bottom of it. Tell them to stay there, I have healing water, and I should be okay. You must hurry while the bridge is still there.”
Von pulls a few things off his well packed huelyee and switches animals. “Tell your mother…, you found me well.” Rory reaches into a bag and pulls out a chunk of bread, nods, and leaves. Von watches him until he is out of sight.
The farther he went, the meaner the storm became. Luckily, before dark, he reached the cottage ruin Rory had mentioned. It was abandoned, and the roof had partially collapsed, but it made a nice place to wait out the blizzard. There was old furniture, and Von used it to make a nice fire. Rory’s huelyee was packed light with only one fur, so Von rolled up close to his fire and fell asleep.
Late that night Von was startled awake by something snuggling up close to him. “What the hell.” His fire had all but burnt out. He felt something but could see nothing. He grabbed it and held it tight and reached for his dagger.
“Father, Father it’s me, it’s me. The bridge was gone, I couldn’t get through.”
“Son, why didn’t you say something? I could have killed you.” Adjusting to the dark, Von can just make out Rory’s small head. He exhales, “Well snug in, I’m glad you could find me.” He threw a few pieces of busted chair on to the barely glowing red fire and unpacked the furs from his huelyee. He remade the sleeping spot, and they covered up.
Rory explained with excitement, “I saw your fire from far away, the only bright spot in sight. And when I got closer, I saw Tailsoso, and I knew it was you.”
“Tailsoso, I didn’t know huelyee’s had names.” Von closed his eyes
“Yes, and the one I was riding is called Tossale. He is my huelyee because he bites everyone who tries to ride him… but you. Then there’s Floppy and Green Eyes, and Fat Fur, we named him that be…
Von cut him short. “Okay son, let’s get some sleep.”
But a few moments later, “Father did you know Tailsoso eats more than all the rest of the huelyees and sometimes we…”
“Rory!”

14.
LIKE I’VE NEVER SEEN
The next morning Von and Rory woke up to snow flurry. They got an early start as there was no telling just how long the nice weather would last. In a world of blinding whiteout, Von kept moving in the direction of Tow Palace, even though it should have been in sight and was not.
Rory kept himself and his father entertained with endless questions and stories, but Von’s mind was preoccupied with enormous issues like where was Towten? It kept a wrinkle in his brow. Then the blizzard returned. But Von pushed forward, there had to at least be a ruin left where the palace once sat.
Now, so close to the mountains Von stopped. It should be right in my face, he thought. Rory caught the moment, “See father, nothing.”
Then the wind died down for just a flash, and Von thought he saw something, an unnatural shape to the mountains. The snow was thicker, and the huelyees could only go so fast. Then the wind blew clear, and there it was, like a giant wall blocking them. Towten Palace was one massive white dazzling, ice shimmer.
Von was horrified, the sight of the place took his breath away. “No wonder you didn’t see it.”
Rory was beside himself, “Oh, father, it’s the most magnificent thing I’ve ever seen.”
As they get closer, Von can make out broken windows, the gate is open, but the snow is so high the entire town is buried, not even one roof showing. Von’s heart is heavy as they make their way to the palace courtyard where the snow is level with the doors. They dismount, Von grabs Rory by the collar, yelling in his face. “You stay close to me, you understand.” His no nonsense look wipes the smile right off the child’s face.
The door was ajar, and in the corner, was a grotesque sight that gagged Von. A crystalized pile of bones and rags. To Rory, it looked like treasure, the skull sparkled with red rubies piled around it. The Prince held his son’s collar even tighter.
Von had heard about it but never seen it for himself. So, rare was such a storm it was questionable whether it truly existed. And what was it doing this far down into the valley? It was called a shimmering. Explorers, lost travelers, and invaders trying to enter TowHummy through the high mountains, were the only ones ever to experience such horror.
They slipped through the door, it was dark and damp smelling. Von stood still until his eyes adjusted and the place lit up. All the main floor windows had been blown out. “Hello, hello, is anyone here? Von cried out, with no response.
Walls sparkled with a blanket of finely crushed diamonds. Piles of crystals lay everywhere, and some were still in tack. A vase of flowers covered in what looked like precious gems captured Von’s eye. He studied it closely to see the red rose covered in rubies and its green stem covered in the most brilliant emeralds. Most startling was mist from what must have been hot water, now frozen, rose a column of shimmering, intricate patterns, so delicate Von’s breath caused the beauty to dissolve into thin air.
He was so captivated he didn’t notice that Rory had his own fascination with a bowl of bejeweled fruit. Von catches him just as he reached for a ruby covered red apple. He touched it, and with a delicate chime, it shatters along with all the fruit into a rainbow of colored gems.
Von screams, “Rory stop, no son.” He grabbed the child’s hand and examined it with frightful eyes. Nothing, his nose flared with a sigh of relief. He looked at the bowl and at the child’s hand again and stared at him a bit too long. He shook the boy and in a very harsh voice shouted in his face. “What did I tell you? I told you not to touch anything and stay close to me!”
Rory was almost in tears. Von takes him by the back of his collar and hurriedly drags him along. Up the grand staircase and down the halls, he found the same intense beauty and silence.
He had seen enough, there were only a few bodies so where were the rest. They didn’t die there, that was a relief. Perhaps one servant stayed behind to tell the story, so they went down below. It was cold and dark, then hope came with a smell. Someone was cooking. There could only be one reason for that. He let his nose lead the way.

15.
A CROWD GATHERED
They could hear laughter, and at the bottom of a steep staircase, three children were hard at play. They stopped when they saw the two strangers and ran off with Rory close behind. Soon a woman appeared, Von recognized her. But she hadn’t aged a day. Could they have found the healing waters here also? “Amber” he reached out. The young woman ran off.
Moments later an older woman ran in followed by the younger one. “My Prince!” she cried with both hands to her face. She looked very much like an older Amber. They both ran off.
Then shortly the room began to fill to the brim. Their faces covered with smiles, they were speechless. Then, two men made their way through the crowd. It was an older looking Blair and a man that looked a little like his brother. They looked him over and when Von flashed his Towten smirk the men and the crowd burst into cheer. It was indeed the prince. Strong and hearty hugs were passed, Rose, and some ladies shed tears of joy.
They led him down two flights of stairs to where they were now living, all crammed together. There was someone living in every corner. It was dreadful to see them this way. Finally, they reached a large room, empty, except for a few chairs and a large table. The men sat down and at last Von had a chance to ask the burning question. “What the hell happened?”
Just at that moment, Rory ran through the room yelling, “What the hell happened?” The men were a bit taken aback by it but ignored it. Von was a bit embarrassed by it.
Gabe and Blair looked at each and cried out in unison, “They never got the bird.” Gabe asked Von, “You never got the message about the winter storms?
“We have not received a bird in almost a year. How the hell did a shimmer roll all the way down into the valley?”
Gabe leaned in, “That’s not the just of it.”
When Rory ran passed his father again, Von grabbed him.
“So, this one is yours, I see he’s crested.” Gabe looked the boy over wide eyed.
Von replied, “Yes, I have this one, and two younger, all sons.” Looking around, he continued. “Where are the wives and your children, where is Del and Monica?”
Gabe dropped his eyes. Blair tilted his head and leaned into von, and looked him in the eyes. “You have a lot of catching up to do.”
Servants came and covered the table with food, boiled eggs, mushrooms, a small loaf of bread and a little wine. Von made no mention of the Spartan table. Blair reached for a boiled egg, “First after the flood, the Sawtee never attacked again. Not that they could with the mess the dam left behind. Off and on during the years, the failing kept their numbers down. But last year we got it and because of the healing water we only lost a few. Del caught it late, just as we ran out of healing water. He’s not doing so well, but he’s still hanging on, Monica stays by his side, you know they were married.”
“Yes, mother told me. I have some dark blue with me, just a bag if you think it will help.” The two men perk up, then settled down with their eyes on Von, who pulls his shirt open. “It’s gone, completely healed over. I drink it every day.” Gabe and Blair breathe a sigh of relief.
Von threw his hands open with the question again. “Your wives and children?” Blair and Gabe glanced at each other.
Blair opened, “The weather started getting cold, and the winters lasted longer. Our summer was only as warm as spring and spring never came at all. Every short summer, more and more people left. A few months ago,…”
Gabe interrupted, “What he’s trying to say is, as soon as the weather got cold and things were a little rough around here, the bitches took off with his children.”
Blair shook his head, “Gabe, that’s not such a bad thing if they made it. Would you really rather they were here, freezing and starving?”
“No, but look who’s here. Von knows the way to Exiland. We’re saved.”
“No, not really,” Von shook his hands no. “I came chasing Rory and the passage we took collapsed behind us. I had no idea you were in such a state. We didn’t get a bird in a year.” The two men were so disappointed. Von continued, “Look, fighting wars is one thing but against the laws of nature is another. I mean look at this place, I’ve never seen anything like it.”
In a somber tone, Blair whispered aloud, “The birds must have frozen to death.”
Gabe asked, “How are mother and father?”
Von smirked at the two men. “Well right now, they look a hell of a lot better than you two.” They all laughed.

16.
WONDERS
Von and Gabe stand in the doorway watching a very still and motionless Del. A worn Monica gives Von a warm and frail embrace. “Monica.” He smiles softly.
Amazed to see him looking so young, “My Prince, you have returned. I’m so happy to see you.”
Von hands her the water, “I hope this helps.”
Looking at the bag, her smile is all but gone. She slowly takes it, looks at Gabe who nods with reassurance. She holds the bag close to her chest and her slightly watery eyes land back on Von, “Bless you, I hope it’s not too late. He will not eat or drink. His lips are sealed, and he opens his eyes only once in a while.”
Von placed his hand on her shoulder and looked her square in the eyes, “I’ve seen some wondrous things happen with this water… Including myself. Spoon feed him it if you have to. Don’t waste a drop.”
Monica knelt down at her husband’s bedside, and the two men stepped into the hallway where Gabe locked eyes with Von honestly. “It may help, but he’s quite a ways along. It may keep him with us a little longer. I have to say, it has done wonders for you.” He studied his face closer.
In the dim hall, Von gave a wide grin showing all his teeth. “So, the plan is… hell, we all get exiled.” He chuckles, “There’s plenty of room for everyone.”
Just at that moment, Rory ran passed them yelling. “Hell, we all get exiled.” There is silence for an instant as the men pretend they didn’t hear it, but Von was clearly embarrassed.
“By the way, I found you a nice room at the end of this hall and a bed with a clean mattress. We shook the cryistlum off it.” Gabe laughed, “I’m sure it’s not what you’re used to, but down here it’s almost as nice as mine. We haven’t found a bed for the young one yet, but I’m sure someone will…
Von interrupted, having seen the piles of straw in the corners where others were sleeping, he finished the sentence. “A pile of straw in the corner of my room will do nicely.”
Von crossed his arms and narrowed his eyes, “Gabe what about Hummy, it’s warmer, and the forest is at hand. Surely the shimmer didn’t reach that far.”
Gabe shook his head, “My first thoughts exactly, but the truth is the shimmers have swept all the valley. Basically, the valley has been a death trap,” He looked at Von hopefully. “Until we saw you. If you had come the old way, you would have seen the entire forest is a cryistlum. Leaves still hang from the trees like glimmering emeralds but if one should fall upon you while you’re gathering a few sticks. Even so, a few have tried. I understand it’s a beautiful horror.”
The men grimace in disgust. “Yes, Hummy has the forest, but it’s just too deadly. All that’s left of the two kingdoms is here, Grain, livestock and too many people.
Von looked off and gave a deep sigh, this was a war he didn’t know how to fight. Tomorrow he would try to get a better understanding of what had happened. Now in the dim candlelight, it was hard to comprehend. Von gave Gabe a positive smile, “Good night my brother, we’ll think of something.”
Gabe stared too long, “I know you will.”
• • •
Later that night, Blair found Gabe sitting in the dark, in the small room, watching a few red embers pop in the fireplace. He looked up with his eyes bright. “We’re going to be alright, all of us. He’ll start running his hands through that thick black lock of hair and pulling on his beard… And the world will start to stir. I can feel it already.”
Blair threw his head back. “So, is that how the Towten do it? Run your hands through your hair and pull on your beard? I could swear I’ve tried that. I have to admit he looks like a rock. All those years in Exiland have been very good to him. Well, he won’t have to drag me from this hell hole.”
Gabe scoffed, “He’s not leaving without us. Now, if we just knew where those bitches were with your children.”

17.
LOVE NEEDY
The next morning found Donna still in her nightgown sitting on the edge of her bed. Separation was difficult for her ever since she lost her mother as a young child. But living in Exiland had protected her from the negative experience of loss, for the most part. In any case, the pain seemed unshakable, lonely and longing. In such times, the perfect healer was her own true love, who always knew just what to say, do, or just being there was the cure.
Hiding in her room, as no one could see her in such a state, sinking deeper into her mind trap, she wondered what Von would say, but this time she could hardly go there. Worst, he asked her to take it back, and she didn’t. Yes, she thought, he would tell me to tell my mind to shut up and go look at some beautiful flowers or go write or paint something. He would say, stay here in this moment with me until it’s gone. But he was gone.
She stared at the ceiling and prayed, how do I fix this when I can’t get to him. She was completely startled when her second son, Elleyn bounced into the room like a bolt of joy.
“Mother! There you are, I’m home, and you should see what we came back with. I have so much to tell you.” He rambled on and on.
Though Donna wore a smile and tried to listen, her mind kept getting dragged away. Any other time she would have hung on his every word, but right now it was just noise. Until she heard him ask, “Where is my father?”
Back in the real world, she responded, he went on a journey to Towten. Elleyn jumped to his mother’s side. “Oh, why didn’t he wait for me? I would have loved to have gone. Grandfather talks about how wonderful it is all the time. When did they go, maybe we can catch him?”
“I don’t think so.” She answered solemnly.
“But, weren’t you going too? I saw your wagon packed when we returned our huelyees to the stables. Did you change your mind?
Donna narrowed her eyes, “What, what wagon?” she looked him square in his so clear beautiful large eyes.
“In the stables, it has your crest painted on it, the yellow one. I could see it had wood and furs. I didn’t look inside.”
Donna’s head exploded, what did this mean? She had to know more. Finally noting Elleyn needed a bath badly, she sent him to get one. She quickly dressed, she had questions.
Out in the stables, she asked the keeper, “My wagon, it’s packed?”
“Yes, my lady.” he pointed it out, “You see, lots of wood and furs, inside,” he opened the door, “You see all but maybe some fresh bread or sweet cakes.”
Donna was stunned, “Who told you to do this?” her hungry body staggered a bit.
Surprised by the question, the stableman answered, “Why, the prince my lady.”
Her eyes flashed, and she caught her breath at the possibilities. Could he be there waiting for me? Her heart pounded, suddenly she couldn’t move fast enough. It was all she could do to hold back the tears, tears of joy.
Secretly packing, every second counted, was the ice bridge still there? She wondered, she needed help. What about healing water, maybe they needed it? Where exactly is this ice bridge? These questions made her brows arch.
• • •
Burt opened his door and bounced back as a breathless Donna barged in. “Burt! Can you help me?”
“My Lady, what troubles you?” Hearing the commotion, Burt’s wife came into the room.
Catching her breath, she replied, “Von, he has gone to Towten, and I must follow him.”
Burt’s eyes bugged. “But the bridge is gone by now. There is no way to get there.”
“Please, Burt I just need to see that for myself. I need to know I did everything I could. From you, I only need two things, a map and two barrels of deep blue. Can you get that for me as soon as possible? If the bridge is not gone, time is everything.”
Burt took her gloved hands, looked into her anxious sincere eye’s, nodded and ran off, leaving the two ladies alone.
“You know he would never let you go alone.” Burt’s wife spoke coldly.
“Oh Maggie, please forgive me,” Donna pleaded. “I swear I will not let any harm come to him. Trust me, I could never hurt him.” Eye to eye there was an understanding, and Maggie calmed and fixed tea and soothed the moment with chat and laughter about their men and children.
• • •
The king and queen sat at each end of a long table where the daylight beamed down where he turned pages of a large book, and she arranged stones for a necklace.
Kissna picked up a large blue sapphire, “So, do you think it would help if we told her just how special her children are? And for goodness’ sake, that Rory, after what happened when she was carrying him. I tell Von to keep a close eye on that one.”
Without looking up, Vincent replied, “Well that’s just part of the problem now. With both of them there, she’ll want to follow.”
Kissna scoffed, “Impossible.”
Vincent looked up from his book. “The trip is impossible.”
Kissna gazed down at her stones all arranged as desired. “Then that settles it. If she can’t cross, she can’t cross. But I do so wish I knew what was going on over there.”
“Von will get word to us somehow. Perhaps next year Elleyn and his mother can join them in early winter.”
Looking at her array of gem colors rebounding in Vincent’s face, she tilted her head, “That sounds so wise and perfect my husband.”
• • •
Only a baker was up early enough to catch Donna sneaking out of the palace the next morning. She greeted her with a box of bread and cakes to take on her journey and wished her well. Burt was already waiting, and her wagon was loaded heavy with the deep waters and other provisions. With a team of four huelyees, they traveled through the snow easily.
Along the way, Donna and Burt had a chance to exchange stories about their lives growing up in such different surroundings. Where Donna found the Towten so strict with rules, rituals, and protocol, Burt found that once you were trusted, they were most tolerant, somewhat relaxed and broad minded. He warned that the Hummy Royals were more old world warlike, and it took the threat of an invasion, the loss of everything, to make them realized that they had so much, so much to lose.
And in the end, they gave blessings of gratitude to be far from it all. How wonderful it was to live in a place where people understood the only war worth fighting was one to protect the peace and tranquil life they led. With that said there was silence.
Donna thanked Burt for coming along and then asked for another favor. “Promise me when we get there, if the bridge is still there, that you will let me cross alone. I swore to your wife I would let no harm come to you. I could never look at Mag and your children again if you were lost. We have no idea what’s happened over there. It could be a great failing.”
Burt frowned as if insulted, “And we are prepared for that. My lady, the Prince…, could I look at him knowing I let you go alone. I don’t think so. Let’s go, we’ll be fine.” He scoffed.
The next conversation dwelt on what positive things they might find in Towten when they arrive.
• • •
Elleyn found the King in the new wing with Conner, busy looking over plans. “Grandfather, my mother is gone. Did she go to Towten to join my father?”
The noise from the banging and hammering made it hard to hear the boy. “What? Yes, your father is in Towten.”
“But, my mother cannot be found anywhere. Did she go to Towten? The ice bridge is gone, but I know a new way to get there, I could show her, besides I want to go too.”
The king smiled, at the just of what he could hear, “Yes, next winter maybe we will all go.”
Elleyn’s eyes lit up grabbing Conner’s attention. As the boy quickly ran off, he blinked a few times, “Did he just say Donna was missing on the ice bridge?
“No,” answered the king, “the ice bridge is gone by now. You can’t get to Towten.” Conner took a deep sigh, and the men went back to their planning.
• • •
When Burt and Donna reach the marker, the ice bridge was gone. Only a sheer cliff was left. Burt was quick to note, there were no signs of wreckage or debris below, so surely the Prince made it across safely. That put the very disappointed Princesses mind at ease, but there was nothing left to do now but return home.
There was no rush now, so they took their time going back and by the time the sun dropped behind the mountains, snow started to fall. Burt parked the huelyees under a large tree. He cut a few branches, leaned them against a tree and covered them with furs. It was nice enough to invite the Princess. But she declined, noting the cold hard ground, she laughed, went inside her wagon and jumped under the warm pile of quilts on her comfortable mattress.
During the night, the storm kicked up, and it was snowing quite heavily. Donna stirred when she heard the sound of the wagon door slowly open. Then soft footsteps tiptoed to her bedside. In the dark, she could see nothing but her comforters started to be pulled away as something was trying to get into bed with her. She screamed, but Burt couldn’t hear it with the wind and snow blowing so hard. There was a short tug of war when Elleyn cried out. “Mother!” it’s me.”
“Elleyn! What are you doing here? And out in this blizzard in the middle of the night. Are you okay?” she scolded, as he had clearly frightened her. “Come, get under here and make yourself warm.”
Once snuggled in, he confessed, “I only came because I want to go to Towten too and I knew the bridge was gone. So, I thought I would show you the easy way there.”
Donna opened her eyes and sat up. “What, what easy way?”
Almost dozing off, he answered, “It’s a ways away from here, but it’s a ridge all the way to the bottom. We found it hunting. We didn’t stay. Isn’t it against the law to go to Towten?”
Donna startled Elleyn when she threw the quilts back. She climbed out of her warm bed and lit a candle. She headed toward the door to call Burt with the news, then thought better yet now was a good time to keep her promise. She woke the boy and grilled him repeatedly until she was sure. Seeing his mother’s sudden fervor, fired Elleyn’s excitement, he was going to Towten.
Donna knew wild horses could not keep Burt from going, she also knew how she felt when her true love was gone. So, she left him Elleyn’s huelyee to get home. Leaving him a note, she explained all and promised everything would be fine. She said that her father would understand why she took Elleyn and that as soon as she could, she would send a bird with all their love.
When Burt woke up, he found the wagon gone. The storm had left no tracks, not even a huelyee’s hoof print. The note left him disappointed as he would have loved to have gone with them. In the months to come, he would now and then take it upon himself to find Elleyn’s Path, as the King had named it.
It wasn’t until the next day the boy spotted the place where he remembered the ridge began. The snow had stopped, and the day was chilling cold crisp and clear. Elleyn took his mother’s hand and led her to the edge and below was indeed a nice wide ridge. But it was a long, very long way down. With her wagon, it was going to take some time, and though she couldn’t see to the bottom, her son assured her it was safe.

18.
THE SHIMMERING
It took the entire day to reach the bottom of the mountainside, hardly stopping for fear of being stuck there for the night. Leveling off in some spots and steep in others, light and heavy snow here and there, the four team huelyees made the trip possible. Now and then they stopped to stretch and look below, there was nothing to see but the blinding white snow. At last at the bottom, they took some much needed rest.
So tired they overslept, and the daylight was well on its way when they awakened. Outside it was a forest of barren trees. This made it easy to travel, but the place seemed soulless, too quiet even for winter, not even the air moved. But it was beautiful, the snow glimmered giving an otherworldly feel. The intermittent appearance of the mountains ahead and behind helped guide them in the direction of where Towten should be, granted, this ridge was a full day from where the ice bridge would have left them.
When the forest ended, there was nothing just wide open flat snow covered land. The day was about to settle again, and Donna was starting to worry that they hadn’t seen one living thing. The idea of sitting out in the open all night was unnerving, so she kept it to herself. Thankfully before the sky darkened, they had reached the mountain foothills safely. And if they just followed it along, they should find Towten in a day or so.
Then a string of ruins, maybe left over from the flood, a small village, but all dark, no sound, no movement, just a few wondering huelyees. It was very eerie out of place, as if just appearing from nowhere, a dilapidated cottage with smoke coming from its chimney popped up. Flowers, and blades of grass, trees with green leaves drooping and a light chime ringing sound. As they came closer, the leaves sparkled like emerald gemstones. Elleyn grabbed a ruby red flower for his mother, and it crumbled in his hand.
Donna cried out, “Elleyn don’t touch anything, this place is bewitched.” None of this made sense. As inviting as the thought of finding another human being was, its sudden uncanny appearance was creepy.
Just before dusk, they reached the cottage. Springs beautiful brightly colored flowers were everywhere, and heads of cabbage and tops of carrots and turnips lined up in a small garden, all frozen in place. Elleyn stepped on a perfect cabbage, just to watch it crumble. Catching him by the tail of his coat before he picked her the most beautiful flower she had ever seen, she held him close as they wandered up the path. Passing the stable was a frozen cow and two horses. Chickens still had their wings a flutter, a living still life.
Donna had a sick feeling when she knocked on the door and after a few calls, Elleyn, just pushed it open. Inside the windows had been blown in and it was cold. The walls and old furniture glistened with frost. It was dark, but they could hear voices. Tiptoeing, they slowly made their way down a narrow stairway. It got warmer as they descended closer to the voices, young, female, a child and his mother. More at ease, Donna cried out, “Hello, hello.” The voices stopped.
Carla gasp, her heart pounded, she wondered, “Who could this be?” But it was female and friendly sounding, so she peeped out. Seeing a young woman and boy, she promptly asserted herself. “I am Carla, Princess of TowHummy.”
Donna exhaled a huge sigh of relief, could she really be so fortunate as to find the royal family? “The Tow, TowHummy? Oh, how splendid!” Donna rushed Carla with a huge hug. Carla staggered at the presumption of the stranger, but before she can protest, Donna proclaims, “I am Princess Donna, wife of Prince Von of the Towten of Exiland.”
Carla lit up, “Donna, Donna from Exile?” The ladies explode with joy. All the commotion brought another head peeping around the corner. “Nina, this is Donna, Prince Von’s Donna!”
Nina’s eyes popped with joy as the greetings continued, then looking past Donna, Nina asked, “Is this your son? I see he’s crested.” Her voice trailed off. “Are you alone? Where is everyone else?”
“Indeed, we are alone, I came seeking my husband and oldest son. Have you seen them?”
Faces drop on both sides, “No,” cried Carla, “We thought you had come with him to rescue us.”
As the moment simmered down, Donna took account. “Yes, what is this enchantment? I confess, I know nothing of TowHummy but I have never seen or heard of anything close to this captivating nightmare.”
Nina blurts out, “We’re trapped.” The sisters glance at one another. “It started a year ago, the weather changed, we had no summer. This year the winter came and as you can see it’s still here.”
Carla takes over the story as she motions for Donna to have a seat in the nice warm room. “The blizzards came one after the other. The fields froze over, and roofs caved in. But that was just the beginning.”
Donna blinked her eyes alarmed as Carla continued. “One day we were hit with a ferocious blizzard, with winds so hard they shook the palace walls and blew out all the windows.”
“And that’s not the worst of it.” Nina added and nodded to her sister, who sighed.
“There’s more, a shimmering fog rolled in. The most beautiful thing I had ever seen. It was all we could do to save our lives. It froze everything in an instant. They were everywhere, people I knew, people I had just spoken to. All frozen in motion, shimmering like statues carved in colored glass.”
She looked off, with a sick grimace as she recounted the gruesome story. Nina turned her head as not to display any emotion. “All the living gathered at the palace, people animals, even plants.” Carla continued. “The palace was in a shamble. Blair and I felt blessed the wind had not hit our room, so we were able to stay in it with our children. Then one night the walls shook, and the windows blew out, glass cut me here.” She pointed to a mark on her arm. “We grabbed the children and just barely escaped.” Her nose blushed red, and Donna’s heart broke for her.
Their story begged Donna to ask her own fearful questions. “Is Towten Palace still there and how did you end up here all alone?”
“Well,” Carla went on, “Things were so bad, and the men kept saying just wait, it will get better, but it didn’t, and people were leaving in droves. Then when Chin the wisest man I know gathered his family to leave, I knew we had to follow, regardless of what our men thought. The day we left it was cold, but the sky was clear. At worst, I thought we could at least make it to Hummy, but before we could get there, the wickedest blizzard hit. We stopped, stayed inside, wrapped up hoping the wind wouldn’t demolish our wagon and expose us to the deadly fog.
The story was so dismal, Carla sounded as if she hardly had the energy to keep talking. “It seemed like the wind had picked up the wagon and thrown it. Once it was quiet, we waited all day thinking the shimmering fog may come, but instead the sun shined through a crack in the towel I had pushed under the door. And when I opened it, we were all alone out in the middle of nothingness just glistening snow, not even a tree.”
“Yes, I think I know the place,” Donna’s eyes wandered.
“After a day or so, the huelyees found this place.” Carla reached out and took Donna’s hand. “But to answer your question, the last time we were at the palace, yes it was still there, and our men were very much alive.”
The room went silent with a… what do we do now, kind of sigh.
Donna shook her head. “Well, I must find Towten and my husband.
The room lit up again as Carla jumped from her seat, she and Nina cried with joy, crowding Donna. “You must take us with you. We want to go back home.”
“Are you sure, you seem so safe here?” Donna asked.
“No, we are starving. We have only mushrooms and a few chickens for eggs to eat.” Nina vented.
“And soon we will run out of wood.” Carl screeched. “Please, we want to go home.”
Donna happily consented, she was glad to have the company. She pulled provisions from her wagon, and the family had the best meal they had had in some time. Over dinner, Donna was introduced to Carla’s three children, one being just a babe and a pretty girl that Elleyn couldn’t take his eyes off.
“Yes, this is Eanay,” Carla explained, “The daughter of Del and Monica. She wanted to give her a chance and sent her along with us.” Carla leaned over and whispered, “Her father was ill when we left.” They talked, made plans and packed until late in the night.
Early the next morning, Elleyn was out gathering every huelyee he could find. He hitched them up to the other wagons and by the time he was done they were ready to leave.
Though Elleyn’s mother insisted that he wear gloves, the ladies were amazed at his resistance to the effects of the toxic environment. Donna explained, “My sons are especially indifferent to the cold.”
Nina mumbled as she laid a heavy eye on him, “Sons of the bald one.”
Having seen what could happen, they felt vulnerable and took every precaution. Elleyn led with his mother’s wagon and the other tied on the back. They took a string of bells from the gate and cottage door and put them on the wagons to give warning should the wind pick up. No one ever saw the light of day but Elleyn. Taking their time pulling into sheltered areas at night, whatever he could find along the mountain foothills.

19.
FOREVER THE OPTIMIST
Von woke up to find Rory missing from his pile of straw in the corner. He expected as much and couldn’t blame him. It was a dull awakening, somewhat similar to the Sawtee dungeon he spent a few days in some years ago.
Almost all the upper floor windows had been blown out. Von was lucky enough to get what was once a linen room, on a lower level. It was small and had a nice size window. The Royals seem to have occupied this level, and others took their chances above and mostly below, even into the dungeon, and all were grateful, except Von.
He laid in bed annoyed by the noisy bustling around in the next room. It was just people trying to make do with what they had. He couldn’t stand the smell, it was stuffy, he couldn’t breathe or was it just in his mind. He hashed out his options and decided living like this was unacceptable.
In the past, he and his father had an answer for everything but death, and with the healing water, they pushed even that. The father son team would empower, inspire and feed off one another until an idea caught fire. They would keep it hot until the dilemma was vanquished. So, he asked himself, if father were, here what would he say, what would he do?
The first thing he would do is get out of bed, Von could hear him in his mind. He washed in a bowl of water, took a towel and dried his face and neck and glanced down at his chest. Already, he thought, as the sharp pain of fear made his hair stand on end. The wound had changed its color to bright pink, screaming, “You may be a king one day, but you will always be a slave to me.”
Von pictured the pretty blue blossom. Non assuming, it’s deadly spores can be inhaled or consumed but it is most deadly when it is delivered into the blood through a wound. Once there, it absorbs all the moisture from the body. It then seeds the body. Since most wounds were in the chest and torso areas, one would find the body of its victim with the chest burst open with the lovely nightmares growing vigorously. Carefully removing them or after they die out, you would find the chest cavity completely devoured leaving a dense, dry yellow powder. The deadly crystilum powder.
Von sat back on the bed, incomplete sentences ran through his mind. He couldn’t think, shook his head and ran his fingers through his hair, laid back, cleared his brain empty and took a few deep breaths. He blew it off. Something will happen he thought, if not, he could only be grateful that he had lived as long and as good as he had.
• • •
Out the door he could smell fresh bread, but when it arrived at the table, it wasn’t much, and he wouldn’t ask for more. The eggs tasted watered down, or maybe Exiland eggs tasted better. The cheese was cheese, and the water was stale. Von wondered what happened to the bags he and Rory had arrived with. At least he could get a few drops of water and a few strips of dried meat and cheese from home.
While Von tried to choke down the food before him, Gabe and Blair cleaned their plates in a blink. It was quiet until he was finished and the table was cleared. Then Von asked, “Well, great wise leaders of TowHummy, what are the plans?”
The two men proudly raddled off ideas that eased the current predicament but fixed nothing. And Von kept repeating the thought as he paced the room, father would say, that’s not acceptable. Not wanting to snatch their seats from under them, Von simply asked, “In our present state and the number of people we have, just how long can we survive? This was the question they dodged.
Blair spoke up with a smirk and a tad embarrassed. “You’re right, under the circumstances, this is ridiculous. A better way might be, for you to take a tour in the daylight and then at dinner ask questions. And we will tell you what we have already tried or why we haven’t.”
As always, Blair was still quite shrewd. “For your guides, I have chosen two most astute.” Blair opened the door and motioned in, to Von’s most pleasant surprise, Rose and Pedee. Rose was his mother’s closest handmaid and confidant. And Pedee was Von’s valet for most of his life in Towten. With that, the wise ones bid each other, until dinner then.
• • •
Pedee was almost in tears when he saw Von looked just as young as when he left so many years ago. “My Prince, when you asked if I would live in Exile, I didn’t know you planned to leave. I would have followed you anywhere.”
“Today,” Von replied, “I want you to lead me everywhere.”
And Rose hugged and kissed him calling him her baby and repeatedly told him how beautiful he was. Von found it intolerably awkward. But Blair in all his brightness could not have found a better set of companions to shepherd him around. They knew how he felt when he saw the depth of destruction. They left no stone unturned, from top to bottom, if it was safe to venture, they went, and if it was not, they had the story.
The tour had taken the whole day, and by night Von was both tired and hungry, and he stayed that way after eating a few bites. Gabe and Blair fervently emptied their plates and waited for Von’s thoughts. But he had to admit, he needed the night to ponder. When he arrived in his room, he found his bags, they were still full of Exiland provisions. Pedee left a note, this has you written all over it. This was true, the bag was old, the same one he used when he lived there.
He pulled out an apple, looked it over, then smelt it, then bit into it. Ah delicious, he thought. He laid on his bed thinking of all he had seen that day, all the emotions inside and outside.
Rory burst in with a pillow. “A fat lady kissed me and gave me this.”

20.
BACKSLIDE
The next morning, Von woke up, yawned, stretched and ran his hand over his face and chest. He was quickly reminded, the wicked had not disappeared overnight. Then when dressing, he looked it over, it was definitely swelling and had a small gray ridge. When putting on his shirt, he noticed a tightness in his arm and chest on that side. It was moving faster than he expected. Could he end up bedridden in a day or so, was there anything he could do to slow it down? He wondered.
The only thing that would save his life was gone, he gave it away. He shook the fear off and went out the door to share his thoughts while he still could. And sure enough, they were waiting, with eyes that screamed, Well? He wondered if they had slept at all.
As they were being served their meager breakfast, Blair asked, “The question was, from here where do we go, how long do we last and what are our options.”
Von answered, “Wood, you’re already burning furniture. That’s the worst.”
Blair replied. “Using it as sparingly as we do, we have only about 3 weeks, and we’ll be out. Our alternative is the Hummy forest. That is not an option.” His eyes wandered, and his voice lowered as if he were talking to himself. “But I also know there is wood, cut and ready but where I just can’t remember. It was stashed there for a time just like this. Damn, I know it’s there somewhere.”
Gabe and Von sat quietly, trying to give Blair’s brain space to think. Then, like lightning, Rory came streaking through the room hollering “Damn! I know it’s there somewhere.”
Von had had enough, Rory glanced at his father and ran out of the room. Von dashed from his seat and went through another door. Rory looked behind and bumped into his father. “You are just like your mother, always looking behind you.” He grabbed hold of him and got a sharp pain in his arm. So, he used his other arm to pick him up by his shirt collar. Rory’s eyes were huge, his mouth fell open, and his face went pale. With a snarly mean expression, he squares right in the child’s face. “Son, you have to earn the right to use those words. When he returned to the table, he sets Rory next to him, on the floor. His little buddies peeped around the corner to see his sad little face.
But immediately, it was evident that something was wrong. Both Blair and Gabe notice Von was eating with his left hand, he was right handed.
Gabe cleared his throat, “As we were saying, we have been rationing food. But without fire to cook and keep us warm, and with all these people.” He threw his hands up.
Blair added, “We could burn the stuff off the walls, heat up the room but we need the wood to cover the windows. And who’s to say another storm won’t come and blow the boards out. I think we’ll be stepping on one another for a while.”
He wiped his mouth clean and leaned back, “I was thinking last night, maybe some kind of fur armor, covering everything like your huelyee’s. It protects them, why not us?” He noticed out the window, the people had gathered and started digging up the courtyard brick and pulling roots to feed the animals. At that moment, he realized they would survive. Von and Gabe thought the idea was promising.
Von looked at Rory and was about to announce another idea, a wild and radical one, but A servant hurriedly entered the room with a small note. He handed it to Gabe.
“It’s one of mother’s birds, she says Donna is on her way, she has Elleyn and healing water.”
Von sprung from his seat. “Did you say Elleyn? When did she leave?” He takes the note and reads it, his brow wrinkles deeply. “She should have been here by now.”
Gabe thought out loud, “If the bridge you took is gone, she must have come another way. It may take longer, and it may be our way out.”
Von mumbled, under his breath, “They have never seen a freak storm before.” He glanced down at a worried looking Rory and gave the boy a light smile to calm him. “Everything is going to be okay, did you hear, your mother and brother are coming. So, go and play with your friends and watch your mouth.”
That set Rory free in mind and body, but Von was far from relieved, this could go in a lot of different directions, and only one was good, he thought.
It took a long time for Von to fall asleep that night, as he hashed out every scenario, if she went this way or that. Thinking of Elleyn, he remembered how Rory seemed to be immune to the effects of the poisonous ice crystals. He fell asleep but was awakened several times to catch his breath. His chest was tightening, and his breathing was short and labored. He was dying, again.
The next morning Rory woke up early and looked out the window. But there was no sign of his mother. He glanced at his sleeping father. He spotted something unusual where his shirt was pulled open. Getting closer he gasps at the sight of the grayish glimmering wound on his chest.
He backed up and startled his father awake. “Oh! It was true, look at you, the wound on your chest. It’s come back. Father, are you going to die?”
A bit groggy, he answered, “No son, your mother is on her way with deep blue, and it will heal over again. I just need the water.” He assures him.
Rory would hear none of it. “But the bridge, it’s gone, there is no way. I don’t want her to come. What if she runs into one of the storms and becomes a crystal? She shouldn’t try to come here.”
The child’s whining has Von fully awake, “You could die and so could she. It would be all my fault.”
Trying to make light of it, his father laughs, “Then when you die, we will be waiting for you.” He reached out to grab him. The boy jumped back and gave a pouty attempt to snicker, then slowly slipped out the door.
There was a very good chance he was going to die. And Rory, there was no way to make that kind of thing easy on him. He gritted his teeth and attempted to sit up, but he just didn’t have the strength. Soon there would be no breath to draw. He pushed it and got up on his feet. He needed to talk to his brother and make him swear, lastly, that when the time came, he would lay him out in the courtyard, under the stars.
Rory had heard too much, and when his uncle found him sulking and the boy explained his guilt. Gabe justified his actions, “Rory, I’m sure your mother will be just fine. And when she comes, all our lives will be saved.”
The child asked, “How long will it take for her to get here?”
“We aren’t sure but I appoint you the royal watcher, and it will be your job to keep and I out for her. Here, follow me, I have a looking scope for you.” That’s just what the boy needed.
Later that day, finding Blair alone, Von asked, “Tell me nanny, how are the children?
Blair answered after a long sigh, “Not bad under the circumstances. This weather, our wives running off, the failing, your brother losing his two sons and even after your self-sacrificing gift, Del has made little progress. It’s a wonder he can crack a smile at all.” he meets Von eye to eye, “But he does.”
“Gabe lost two sons?” Von frowns, “I only knew of one. What happened?”
“We have no idea. It was something we had never seen before. But he won’t let you pick at that sore spot. I can’t blame him. Let him tell you if he ever does. And you old friend. Looking at you makes my mind go places my heart doesn’t want to. Hang on, don’t let death catch up with you before she gets here.” Blair threatens, “If you do, I’ll write you in the books like a jest.” Von’s attempt to laugh brings on wheezing and pain.
There is some silence, then Von asks, “You know Blair, I’m surprised you didn’t go back to Hummy and set the old kingdom back up again.
Blair looked baffled, “You didn’t know? Hummy Palace is a ruin.” The news put a wrinkle in Von’s brow. “The flood took out supporting walls making it unstable, and it kept us from reaching it for months. Despite request, I believe the sight of it may be a bit unbearable for some.”
Blair smirked. “Man, it’s a misconception that royalty has it all. I’ve been around Royal families all my life.” Blair gets Von’s full attention. “Let’s take you… It appears you haven’t a care in the world. You’re just as gallant as ever. With all the love, you bestow on your people, the books you keep, the war you fought and ended. The care you and your father put into Exiland. The truth is, for all your love and devotion… half your people have no idea who you really are.”

21.
DEAD OF NIGHT
Rory slept restlessly, keeping guard for any gaps in his father’s breathing and when he did fall asleep, he woke and listened for the sound of his father’s labored breath.
He had almost dozed off when he heard a far off chime. Fine bells ringing. He sat up in the dark, narrowed his eyes and held his breath so he could hear it clearly. It was real; it was bells. He crawled out of his bed of straw and fumbled in the dark for his spyglass, stood on his toes and looked out the window where he could see just above the palace gate.
The night was cold, but the sky was clear and under the full moon Donna caught sight of what she believed to be Towten Palace. Earlier that day the wind kicked up, and they stopped but knowing they were so close they took the calm night to drive the wagons in safely.
Against the moonlit snow, Rory, saw two dark spots moving toward the palace. It had to be her. He screamed at the top of his voice. “Mother, mother, It’s my mother! She’s here, my mother’s here!” He stunned his father awake just in time to see him dash out the door in only a long nightshirt. His screams awaken the entire palace as he made his way to the stables. He took a huelyee bareback out the courtyard gate.
Von stumbles from his bed to the window and wipes the condensation away to have a look for himself. He nods with a smirk, staggers back to bed and draws enough breath for a deep sigh.
When Rory reaches his mother, he leaps from his huelyee onto her wagon with a flurry of hugs and kisses. “I knew it was you, I knew you would come.”
Donna held her sons full young sweet face in her hands and lost herself in his eyes, her heart swelled, and she kissed him dearly. “Your father?”
Rory calmed just a tad, “He’s, he’s kinda blue. That thing on his chest came back.” Donna gasps. “But he’s still alive, even this night.” Rory giggled, and Donna’s lips trembled as she gave him a ragged smile. She picked up the pace of the wagons.
Just before they entered the courtyard, Rory dropped his head and asked his mother sorrowfully, “Mother do you hate me for what I did?
Donna was taken aback by the question. “No,” She gave him an arm and kissed him on top of his head, “never, never, ever.”
It had been a long time since the moon shined down on such a joyous occasion. The courtyard was crowded with an outbreak of loving greetings. Rory’s screams had reached even his sleeping uncles. And although Gabe had ranted and raved with anger and vowed to make his wife pay for deserting him, his heart melted at the sight of Nina. Blair grabbed his Carla and his children and showered them with affection.
Donna was lost, looking for her Von in the middle of it all. She recognized no one. In all the commotion, a small hand found hers and led her away. “He’s this way mother, do you have the blue water?
“Yes love.” Her heart was breaking.
Rory led her through the kitchens and up a narrow stair to the laundry rooms where his father lay. She was stunned at the condition and fell across her husband’s still body. Rory’s eyes widened, and his heart skipped a beat. He closed the door and found his younger brother had followed them. Elleyn gave him a disapproving glare. “What?” Rory snapped.
Elleyn’s brow leveled, “You broke the law.”
“Yes, but now everybody here will be saved because of me.” His brother looked confused. “Nevermind, you’ll see. Did you bring cake?” Rory asked.
With the light of the moon, Donna’s eyes adjusted to the darkness. She could make out Von’s face and ran her fingers through his damp hair, as the fever was setting in. Just above a whisper she wept, “My dearest love, can you ever forgive me. Please say yes, or my heart will shatter like those lost in the white winds.”
He ran his hand over her head and rattled softly, “My sweet Lam, know that in my heart, you are always forgiven… always.
An hour or so later Donna lay snuggly between the wall and her husband in the small bed. Already his breathing had greatly improved. “When he awakens feeling reborn, I will tell him I am with child again.” She thought and fell asleep.

22.
ALL MINDS TOGETHER
By breakfast the next morning, to the amazement of all, Von seemed as fit as ever. Dinner was a fine meal as the wagons the ladies arrived and were heavy with provisions from Exiland and they left nothing to waste at the cottage.
After dinner, they gathered close by a small fireplace to hammer at the problems they were still facing. Baffled, Blair gave a deep sigh, “There is a small court full of wood, definitely enough to keep us until the warmer months. I just can’t recall exactly where it was and who knows if it’s any good after all these years.”
Carla and Nina exchanged a quick glance. Carla asked. “Was it on the north side of the palace? Tall brick walls painted green, vines painted everywhere, old brick from the old palace?
“Yes, I think so.” She had Blair’s attention.
Smiling at Nina, she went on. “We used to play in there, but when the new construction started, we were no longer allowed. It was part of an old escape tunnel that was so long we never walked the entire thing, nor did we see the light at the end. It was built for a quick escape, after which the last wagon would let loose the wood piles, and they block whoever was chasing you. At least that’s what I was told. All that wood was moved into the main tunnel I think.”
Von asked, “Where does this tunnel exit? It could shield us from the white storm while we load the wagons.”
The Hummy blinked their eyes and shook their head with no idea.
Von wrinkled his brow. “Someone must know.”
Carla tried to reason. “It was a secret tunnel, so…”
“Old man Stell!” Blair blurted.
“Yes, he would know.” Carla added, “Is he still alive?”
“I’ve seen him, he’s still around.” Blair yapped with excitement, “Let’s get him in here.”
Stell was stunningly old. He walked with a cane, and Gabe quickly got him a chair close to the fire. He had everyone’s eyes heavy on him. Their gaze was intense as someone as old as he, had a treasure house of knowledge and old stores. He could entertain them every night.
“Oh yes,” the old man said. “it ends at the edge of the forest. That tunnel is long and damp and dark. The old palace was riddled with secret passages. Used for all kinds of reasons in those days.” He chuckled to himself thinking for a moment.
“But they all lead to that one tunnel. I’m not sure what the entrance looks like now. Who knows what’s grown there since, how will you find it? Oh, oh yeah,” his eyes wandered, “the hotcakes. You’ll see the hotcakes.”
This broke the tension and sent eyes bouncing off each other with waning thoughts.
“No, you see,” he went on, “when you look up from the tunnel entrance, you’ll spot a stack of rocks that look just like a stack of cakes. You can’t miss it. By the way, can I go along? I can show you the way.” They assured him that was not an option.
As the old man entertained the women, the men wandered off to come up with a strategy for the journey.
Gabe offered, “We now have 12 huelyees, all the wagons we need. I was thinking, we could do the same as the wives did and tie them together head and tail. This way we would only need one or two volunteers to drive the caravan.
“I was thinking,” Blair added, ‘we could cover them with rugs and furs to keep the killer fog out.
Von looked off with a sickening sigh. “I have something to show you.”
Moments later the men are joined by a servant with a bucket of hot water and Von’s two sons. They gather upstairs in the blown out area where Von first entered on his return with Rory.
He leaned over into the faces of his sons. “Did you or have you picked up any sparkling thing with your bare hands?”
Elleyn replied inquisitively, “Yes, I picked flowers for mother, and they crumbled like pretty little stones in my hands.”
“I tried to pick up that apple.” Rory pointed to the bowl of fruit. “I just touched it with one finger, and it completely fell apart.”
Von locked eyes with the boys seriously, then told them each to try and pick up a piece of sparkling fruit from the bowl in front of them. Gabe and Blair, frantically protest and try to stop them but they are too late. The fruit shatters in their hands but has no effect.
Gabe grabs Elleyn’s hand to examine it and finds nothing. “I don’t understand. He should have lost his fingers.
“I know,” Von explains excitedly, “My sons are different. Look at us standing here shivering because it’s cold but look they are not bothered in the least. I’ve seen them play out in the snow barefoot. It must be the cryistlum I have running through my veins and their mother, she grew up drinking the healing water. I think it made them very different.”
The men marveled at the boys.
The next day the door was closed to Von and Donna’s small room, but it couldn’t contain their loud quarrel. “No, no, no, they are just little boys, children not men.” Donna blasted, “I don’t care, you can’t take them. Stell said you have no idea what’s in there after all these years.”
“Yet, you yourself, let Elleyn drive your wagons here, did you not? Von snapped.”
“That was different, we took no chances, we stopped at the slightest wind, and I did a lot of the driving.” The ball of hair on top her head fell apart. “Why would you risk your own sons?”
Von put on his vest, “Because that’s who they are. Will you ever understand that? How do you know, maybe all this happened just so they could help. Anyone else would die but not our sons, and here we are with both of them, just at this time. He took her by the shoulders and locked eyes. “Things like this happen for a reason. This story will go in the books and be there for the rest of their lives.”
“How can you be absolutely sure nothing happens out there? How can you be sure they won’t be writing a sad story?” She searched. The look on his face gave him away, and her eyes widened. “You didn’t! You did! You tested them.”
Von grabbed the rest of his wrap and belts and headed to the door, but Donna blocked him. She lowered her voice and dropped her eyes. “I’m sorry I argued with you, I just…
Shaking his head with an air of calm, Von pushed her aside. “Madam… you never had an argument.”
He left Donna standing defeated, and after he was out of sight, her anger flared, and she cried out loudly. “Bring back my children… alive!” and slammed the door.

23.
RECOVER
With Von gone, Donna felt isolated. The only people she knew left behind were her children and the princesses. The boys had made friends quickly and were gone all day from the crack of dawn. The Princesses’ were together and busy at their own business it seemed, especially Carla with all her small children.
But while Donna was busy pursuing others, someone was steadily chasing her, Rose. It was close to dinner and instead of eating separately, Rose invited them to dine together. Carla and Nina had almost forgotten the sweet woman from the farmhouse. The dinner rekindled the relationship, and all discovered what a treasure there was in each other’s company.
The ladies had a hundred stories about Hummy, Towten, and Exiland. About their men and their history. Dinner ended with plans for the next day and so on. Afterward, Rose sat down with Donna and explained who she was. A very old friend she had known most of her life but had never seen. Only when a bird visited, the name was sometimes signed Rose. The ladies sat and talked until the fireplace went dim. Rose was loaded with Towten stories of Von, his parents, and brother. Donna always wanted to hear more.
A day or so later, Donna joined a small sewing circle. The princesses and even Monica. With Del getting around much better now, he insisted she gets about her life again. After being her husband’s constant vigil, she needed a change of view, badly.
Donna was working on a tapestry that was already drawn out for her and partly started. By day two she was bored to holding back a scream. She rather saw herself more of an artist than this kind of busy worker. But without her own tools and with the present state of things, she didn’t want to impose her personal desires on others. But what if they were bored too and just didn’t want to say anything or had no idea how to make things better?
They will think I’m odd, she thought. But so what, I am odd. That was the last stitch, and with a drop in conversation and in a higher octave, Donna threw her sewing in the basket and got everyone’s attention. “Well, I don’t know about you ladies, but I’m going stir crazy with only these small rooms to move around in. This place is just too crowded.”
Eye’s blinked a little in confusion. It wasn’t as if all of them weren’t suffering from the dilemma. Nina arched her eyebrows and kindly offered, “You can have our room if you like. It’s a little bigger, but it has no windows? But there’s only the two of us not four in a room like you.”
No window? The thought put a crinkle between Donna’s eyes. “Oh, heavens no. I could never ask such a thing. I’m thinking of a much bigger solution.” Expressions changed to interest, and now that she had them, she wanted to excite them. “Let’s take the palace back. If they are gone to bring firewood, let’s be ready for it. I don’t know much about this sparkling fog or cryistlum on the walls, but someone does. Let’s call a big meeting and get some ideas. What do you think?”
They jumped from their seats, throwing sewing to the baskets. The quiet little sewing circle was done. Clearly, they had been thinking the same thing. And when they called interested parties to the dining room, it was packed with women, children and a few old men.
Donna stood up on a table. “Ladies, our men are coming back with firewood. When they do, let’s be ready with a nice clean bed and fireplace just waiting.” The crowd moved in closer. “The only way to do that is to take back the palace. Yes, the windows are blown out, and the cryistlum is covering the walls, so who knows about this sparkling poison and how do we get rid of it? We need ideas.”
The crowd started to stir and converse. One woman cried out, “You have to burn it off or expose it to a hot summer day.”
“Okay, we have to burn it off.” Donna waves her hands in for more feedback.
“We have no wood for burning.” Another voice cries out.
Another voice answered, “There’s more furniture back on the summer side of the palace. No one has gone that far. We can use some of it to make torches.”
Donna clapped her hands, “Okay we have torches, now we need oil to keep the fire going.” The crowd stirred and mumbled.
Then Marda, a huge overweight cook from the kitchen called out, “Fat!” there was a hush across the assembled, then a burst of laughter. “I’m talking about butterfat, you dims.” She chuckled loudly.
In the end, it was decided that when they caught a clear day, they would cover their bodies and burn the walls where the cold and wind came in. Next fill in the windows with brick from the patio and some larger pieces of glass for light. They organized into working groups.
Even on clear days, the sun was only out for a short time, so the work was done in only a few hours at a time. But once the main hall was done the place was considerably warmer and the rest of the poison melted off harmlessly. Next was the long tall staircase windows. This was to be a big job, but all were eager and excited.
One clear day the ladies were pulling brick from the courtyard, carrying it in their aprons. Donna was stacking blown out glass in piles of color. Nina was raking where the bricks had been removed. When she saw how hard Donna was working she approached. “Donna you need to stop, come and have a rest. Why are you working so hard anyway?”
“I’m still angry. I always find work when I’m upset. Besides what difference does it make? This baby’s not mine anyway. You want to carry it?”
Nina was a little taken aback, “It makes a big difference. If I could carry it for you, I would. Your children are beautiful, strong and healthy. How wonderful it is for you.”
Donna caught herself and took Nina’s hand. “I’m so sorry you lost your son.”
“Son’s.” she corrected, “I lost two boys, one after the other.”
“You had two? We never knew.”
Nina blinked a few times to catch a tear. “I should say nothing, but sometimes I need to talk to someone about it. I lost two children. Don’t say anything. He would be really angry if he found out I was crying about it.”
“Nina, I’m not just anyone.” Donna noted how incensed she must have sounded just a few moments ago.
Nina’s eyes wander in thought. “Still, the thing is,” shaking her head, “we’re not sure why. We blamed it on the failing, but that’s not what really happened. First, there was a rash all over their little bodies, then big blotchy spots and… It didn’t happen to anyone else’s child, just mine. Carla’s sweet ones are just perfectly beautiful.
Donna took Nina by the shoulders and locked eyes. “I’m so sorry, but when we get to Exiland, the healing water will help I’m sure.”
Nina’s expression went blank, “It didn’t help before, but who knows maybe the next time will be different.”
“I’m sure it will. Look at Von, dying here but living over there. Truly the place is miraculous. You’ll see.” Donna tried to assure her.
Snapping out of her mood Nina begged. “Please say nothing to Gabe, he never wants to speak of this. He wouldn’t have wanted me to mention it.”
Donna twisted her mouth, “He doesn’t call you madam, does he?”
“No.” Nina wrinkled her brow curiously.
“Oh, well you have nothing to worry about. No matter, this will be well kept between us.”
Nina shook it all off and lifted her head high and gave a slight smile. “Thank you for listening, it’s hard when you have to keep such things to yourself. I should get back to work, I’m setting a sad example.”
Donna returned the smile. “No, we are.”

24.
TAILS
It was a clear day. Von’s sons were playing while he’s slowly rocked to sleep by the bumpy ride. Suddenly he is jolted awake when the wagon stopped. Outside, high on a mountainside is three bolder stacked like hotcakes. Below is a large depression full of overgrown foliage, even small trees. But there were no signs that the deadly fog had contaminated the area. There was no doubt that this was the right place but finding the entrance would not be easy in such a wild, untidy thicket.
A sloping mound gave a hint, but there was a lot of work to do. Nothing sparkled, which must have been due to its location, making it a perfect spot to park the wagons. That day was spent clearing and building a barrier with the undergrowth. Before the sun went down, the rotted out doors to the entrance was found. Knocking them down exposed a deep dark and damp hollow. They decided to wait until morning.
With much anticipation, Von mounted his huelyee and invited his sons. This might be the only time they ever see the inside of Hummy palace. They left the wagons behind, and only a small group of seven would prepare the way first. That would be Gabe, Blair, Von, his two sons, Pedee and the Hummy Antony.
With the palace nowhere in sight, they assumed the tunnel was quite long. Wall torches were still good. As expected it was damp, and the brick had given away in spots, letting splashes of light and weeds grow inside. They were moving uphill with a steady stream of water running out beside them. Huelyees are not fast moving animals, and they had been traveling for some time and it was beginning to feel a little claustrophobic, the dampness caused a slight tightness in the lungs. Not bringing the wagons this time, had been a good idea.
• • •
Antony was in his fifties and was once a Hummy Palace guard. And to the delight of all, he had lots of funny stories. The tunnel widened at a fork in the road, two black hollows beckoned eerily. On approach, they gave the appearance of a skull. Hummy or not, no one was sure which passage was the right one.
Von instructed Pedee to take the boys back to the wagons. And whereas they had been so keen to go, the skull looking opening had dulled the excitement; they gave no argument.
Blair offered his thoughts out loud. “One way is the right, and one way is wrong. As a rule, the Hummy always take a right… but, that same can be said for the Towten. So, for that reason, if this is a trap, the right side would be the wrong this time.”
Von turned to Blair, “So the right way is the right way?”
Blair caught himself, “Hell if I know, this was put here long before I was born, I have no accounts, legends, rumors or hearsay.” He glanced at Antony who shook his head.
The men dismount and split up, Towten with Hummy. Holding his torch high, Gabe discovers that the torch mounts no longer line the walls. This added an extra measure of anxiety to the existing stress of possible booby traps.
Elleyn looked back to see his father’s torch disappear into the dark eye of the skull. The two teams proceeded in their different directions. They carefully test each stone they step on and watched the walls and ceilings for anything strange, different or sudden. These tunnels were much larger and seemed to drain the light right out of the torch.
Von and Blair discover a narrow staircase and decide to take it. It was filled with a solid wall of spider webs. Torching their way through the cobwebs, there was daylight from a small window and farther an open door to a room full of scrolls and stacks of very old books.
Meanwhile, Gabe and Antony’s tunnel dead ended at huge wooden doors. They tried to open them, but they wouldn’t budge. “Perhaps it’s sealed from the other side.” Gabe thought out loud.
“Maybe there’s a lever or pulley or something.” Antony ran his torch over the surrounding area and came across a metal panel. Hey, hey look, levers, one horse, and the other pig.
“Which one is the right one, I would take a horse over a pig,” Gabe replied and reached for the horse’s tail. But Antony stopped him.
“No, a Hummy would never pull a horses tail.” And he pulled the pig tail.
There was a loud noise on the other side, and the doors were free. The men pulled them open. As light cracked between the doors, there was a strange scratching sound. Before they could utter the question, a sea of rats came rushing through. The men stood behind the doors as the hordes passed, funneling their way out.
Inside, the roof had given away in spots and sunlight peeped in. They found walls of fine wood and lots of spider webs. The wood had a strange smell, but it was in good condition. They exchanged big smiles and pats on the back.
• • •
On the other side, the new found library was quiet. Von and Blair’s treasure-trove of knowledge was enticing and begged for more time. What scrolls don’t fall apart in their hands, were fascinating, exotic, and spellbinding. But, when they started sneezing repeatedly, they realized they had been lured away from what they had gone there to do. They quietly tucked the salivating bounty in the back of their minds and returned to the tunnel.
In a short time, they also come to a dead end with two huge wooden doors. Pushing and pulling they get nowhere. Von’s torch highlights the panel with the horse and pig tail levers.
“I’ll take a good horse over a pig any day,” Von remarked.
Blair turns to see the panel but not in time to stop Von from pulling the horses tail. “No, a Hummy would never pull a horse tail.” he cried.
“Neither would we,” Von spouted, “But neither would we pull a pig’s tail either.”
It was too late, they heard cogs release, and the doors opened to more darkness.
• • •
The dark skull eyes were out of view, and Pedee kept the boys entertained with funny stories of their father when he was about their age. The ride back was quite relaxed. With the wall torches all lit, the spooky angst was replaced with bouts of laughter.
In the midst of a story, Pedee stopped talking and wrinkled his brow to hear something strange. He halted them with a shush to see if he could make out what he was hearing. With the little peeping sounds, his eyes widened with visions of vermin. In such a place his first thought was bats.
“Cover your heads, boys, quickly.” Pedee cried out. The panic in his voice frightened them. “Stay still, don’t budge, don’t move a muscle.” He covered himself leaving his face so he could see what was coming. To his utter shock, it was rats flooding the tunnel. He pulled his huelyee in front, blocking the boys in case they tried to bolt. Again, he warned, “Stay still, still as like a stone.”
But he didn’t speak in huelyee, and when the rats ran up around their hooves, they freaked, jumping up and down and bumping into one another stomping on the rats causing them to bite and pile up around them. Pedee helplessly watched as the boys were wildly thrown about their saddles screaming. He saw no end to the oncoming black mass that was blocked at their feet.
Then the unthinkable, the inevitable, Rory fell off his huelyee. In his whole life, Pedee had never felt every hair on his head stand on end, he thought his heart would burst and tasted blood in his mouth. As if he could fly, he pounced down on top of the boy. Knocking rats away he tried to blanket him with his cloak and body. He could feel the sickening squirms of a few rats trapped between them. He held Rory tight as the frightened boy tried to crawl out of his frantic grip. The rats ran over Pedee’s cloaked back like a river of tiny racing feet making him grind his teeth. He could hear Elleyn still screaming and prayed he stayed mounted.
Then the river slowed, the huelyee’s stopped jumping, and Elleyn stopped screaming. Pedee rolled over, cushioned by the bodies of dead rats. His head was splitting with pain. Maybe a hundred dead and squirming rats laid piled around them. He sat up, and blood ran down his face, he had double vision, and his side was not bleeding, but the pain was excruciating. A huelyee must have kicked him. He couldn’t move, and Poor Rory lay face down crying. He wore short boots and try as he may, Pedee couldn’t cover him completely. The rats had bitten through his stockings, they were blood sopping with bites.
Pedee pulled off his cloak and covered Rory and fell back against the tunnel wall. “Elleyn, Elleyn get help. Quickly get to camp and get help.” The camp was farther away, but Pedee had no idea what the fate of the other four men had been.
But Elleyn followed his instinct and went for his father. On high adrenaline rush, even the slow moving huelyee raced back to the skull eyes. Hot tears ran down the child’s face as he cried out his father’s name the entire way.
• • •
The room Von and Blair cautiously entered was a vacuum of darkness. The torches did little to nothing. The ground they stood on had changed from small cobblestone to large slabs. In the pitch darkness, they could see nothing, no walls, no ceiling, not even the door they had just walked through. Obviously the wrong choice, they decided to retreat. Suddenly the faint sounds of Elleyn calling his father caused the men to bolt, and something fell loose, and the ground started to stir. Holding their breath, they froze in place. Elleyn’s cries got louder. Von yelled, “Elleyn?” there was a grown, and the slabs beneath their feet shifted and fell away in spots. They couldn’t tell which stones were safe, jumping from stone to stone in the blackness. Blair lost his footing, and Von grabbed him only to leap quickly away to another spot. In the tussle, the torches were lost. The grown stopped, and the two men were trapped in the thick inky blackness that smelled like dust and tasted like dirt.
Von’s heart drummed in his ears as Elleyn’s voice came closer. “Father, the rats, the rats.”
Desperately Von hollered out, “Elleyn, stop, stop Elleyn.” repeatedly, but he could still hear the boy running his way. Not even the darkness could stop him from racing to his father’s voice.
The sound of Elleyn’s small boots and his cries meant he was too close, he was right there. Von roared with all his might. “Elleyn Stop! Stop right now!” Bits of plaster fell from the ceiling. There was a deafening silence. Then Von asked in a calm voice, with bated breath, “Elleyn… my son?”
Sounding too close, Elleyn answered softly “Yes, father.”
In the dark Von was shaken to his core and in the dark, he could hide his watery eyes. But Blair could hear the emotion in his voice and broken breathing, and it tugged at his heart.
In a firmer voice, he ordered, “Son don’t move, not even a finger.”
“I can’t see you,” Elleyn’s voice whined. “I can’t see my hand.”
Von assured him, “It’s going to be okay, just stay still until I can get you. Don’t move.” Then his attention turned to, “Blair?”
His voice sounding quite a distance from where he thought he was, “I’m here, I think I might have broken my arm. How long do you think it will be before they come looking for us?”
Von sighed, “Well, that would depend on which tail they pulled.” Turning back to his son he asked, “Elleyn, what happened?”
All the noise had indeed caught the attention of Gabe and Antony, but they weren’t sure where the cries had come from. There was the sound of a child, but Gabe clearly recognized Von’s voice. So, Antony went after the boys and Gabe took the other dark tunnel.
While Elleyn told the story of the horrific rat attack, Gabe hears them and calls out in the darkness, “Von? Blair?”
“Careful,” Von yelled, “the floor has gone out from under us.”
Gabe’s torch flickered into sight. Just at the entrance, he spotted Elleyn a few feet away on a narrow ledge. Holding the torch high, he could hardly see Von and barely make out Blair. “Okay, we’re going to need a lot of help here. Elleyn, you can crawl to my side. And you two will have to wait.”
He reaches out and grabs Elleyn by the collar dragging him closer.
“Gabe, Rory and Pedee were injured somehow.” Von pleaded helplessly.
Gabe held the torch up high, “I’ll go straight away.” His torch quickly disappeared but returned sooner than expected with Antony. It seems the cries of the boy echoed in both directions and with the sudden rush of rats afterward, others made their way into the tunnel to help.
Gabe started to toss Von a torch, then maybe not.
• • •
Hours later the sun was going down already. Von sat in the back of his wagon holding his trembling son in his arms. He opens a bag of blue water. He starts pouring it onto the child’s bloody bandages and stopped. Then puts it to the boy’s lips. And in a gentle, soft voice, he tells him to drink. Rory takes a gulp. “No, you must drink it all.” He does, and his father tells him to go to sleep.
Glancing out the back of the wagon, Von could see the men working, loading wood and Elleyn tending Pedee by a campfire. This will go down in our books, he thought.

25.
FOR THE BOOKS
Days later, the palace take back has been a great success. Most of it has been reopened, even Von’s bedroom and office. The tall windows that let in so much light now gave half at best. Mirrors were moved and helped with the lighting problem and a few windows that opened need only move a stone to let fresh air in. But even without the firewood, the place was warmer. Inner courtyard windows were still good, and the skylights were still in tack. But the baths were badly damaged, water had frozen and expanded in spots. Perhaps they needed more minds to repair that.
It was another chill to the bone, day, but the sky was clear, and the air was crisp. It was a good time to clean up loose ends and take advantage of the courtyard spaces. Von approached but didn’t question the number of people outside. His mind was on how to face his Lam. He would say nothing, she will see with her own eyes, he thought.
Von entered the courtyard cradling his son in his arms. As he passed through the working women, there was a hush and a parting of the way. Donna’s back was to him as she carried on a somewhat lively conversation with another woman. Looking over Donna’s shoulder, the woman’s mouth fell ajar. Her sheer expression caused Donna to turn around. Von’s face was long, dark and expressionless. Rory had a blanket thrown over his body, only his bloody bandaged legs were showing.
It was as if lightning had struck. She couldn’t breathe, she couldn’t move. Her face drained of color. Her body became rigid as her heart cringed at the thought and the blood rushed back into her head. A sharp pain grew in her throat. She closed her eyes, “This can’t be.” She whispered under her breath. The courtyard was silent as all eyes watched.
Von stopped less than a foot away. “Got any more deep blue?”
Donna opened her eyes and wobbled a little. She saw his face and nothing else. You only need deep blue for the living, she thought, drawing breath with the words “Yes.”
At hearing his mother’s voice, Rory threw back the blanket that had been keeping him warm and cried “Mother!” Von stepped forward as the child reached out for a hug. “Oh mother, you should see all the wood we have, and there were rats, hundreds of them.”
Donna was blocking the doorway, so Von turned sideways to get passed her, she was still struggling with what had just happened. Rory kept going with the stories until he got a forced smile from his mother.
Elleyn popped out from behind his father and hugged his mother with love and excitement. “Mother, the floor fell out, and it was black dark in there and the rats, a river of rats.”
Von rolled his eyes at Elleyn’s story, but as he stepped into the main hall he stopped in awe, he had to marvel at the beautiful work that had been done while they were gone. It was truly a staggering surprise for all who returned.

26.
FOR YOU ONLY
The TowHummy had survived the cold winter, and it was two weeks into spring but as Gabe had warned there was little warmth. Granted, it wasn’t as cold as winter had been, but there wasn’t the slightest clue that spring had arrived. Other than water trickling from the mountains, and the absence of snow storms, not much had changed.
This did not slow the TowHummy from packing and prepping to leave. Come what may, those who wanted to leave were going that summer. After salvaging what they could from the palace, thoughts went back to Hummy palace. Their treasures were not to be lost. A trip was planned. The princesses made a list of please brings, and Von and Blair hadn’t forgotten the dusty old library they had found on their last journey.
Von was dressed and leaned over his still lounging Donna. “Are you getting up this morning?” He asked delicately.
“No.” she snapped back. “I hate it, no sun. I’ve counted it, spring is here, and we only get sun every seventh day. So I have three days to go.” She had become rather large with her pregnancy. She rolled over to one side and leaned on her elbow to talk to him. “You know I’m getting discouraged by this glum and creepy weather. I don’t want to have this baby here. I want to be home, or I’ll have a mushroom.”
Von laughed, “Get up, get dressed and we’ll have breakfast, then I have a surprise for you.”
It was as if he had spoken magic words. Her eyes lit up. “Okay.” She jumped out of bed and dressed.
After breakfast, Von took his high spirited wife for a walk. He passed all the busy areas and led her off to an isolated small hallway. There was light at the end, sunlight where the ceiling had fallen through. Rubble lay everywhere. Von kept walking, and Donna started to wonder where he was taking her. They stopped at a tall rusty gate, covered with cobwebs. He turned to snicker at her quizzical expression, kissed her on the forehead, took her hand and entered what looked like a small courtyard, but it wasn’t.
Donna had had enough, “What is this place.”
“I’m not sure.” He answered reflectively. “It looks like a part of the palace that was shut off because of earthquake damage.” He pointed to the ceiling that was missing giving it a closed in tiny courtyard effect. It was a little chilly, yet there was no snow, dirt, or weeds. Seeing her fearful eyes, he added. “Don’t worry, I cleared all the cobwebs, its safe. We still have a little way to go, are you still with me?”
“I’m always with you.” She smiled with eyes lit like an eager ten year old.
He led her up a steep flight of stairs. Half way up was a small landing and a door. He passed it, but she did not. “What’s this? She turned the nob, and the door creaked open.
“An enigma,” he answered with a sigh. “It’s a woman’s room, a once very beautiful one. But the story behind whose it was is a mystery to me.”
Donna stepped in. “Beautiful indeed.
It was quite small with two tall windows that let light in through cobwebs and now ragged curtains. It had beautifully carved furniture and painted walls. Still laid out were a gold comb and brush set and a hand mirror covered with purls. There were jewelry boxes full and lavish furnishings everywhere.
Though time had taken its toll, Donna and Von could see its beauty without touching a thing.
“How beautiful, strange and… sad.” Donna whispered
“And dusty,” Von ran his finger and collected a clump. “If you see anything you want, I’m sure no one would care. Clearly, they’ve been gone a long time.”
“No, I could never disturb the peace that is here. It makes my heart full, but it aches.” She embraced her husband as he watched the sun filter the small dust particles swirling the room.
“The enchantment is strong in here and believe me when I say I have no idea what this is. Come let’s go, I’m eager to show you your surprise.” He took her hand and escorted her to the top of the stairs. “Now close your eyes.” He led her out a few feet.
She started to giggle, “I can feel it on my face, please may I open my eyes.”
“You may.”
The warmth she felt on her face was the sun shining down on a tall tower rooftop. It had a magnificent view. He had restored it and placed plants everywhere, but they had no flowers except one little one. He plucked it.
As she opened her eyes, he handed her the tiny flower. “I wanted to wait till later in spring when all the flowers would be in bloom.” She took it. “All this area was locked when I found it. I ignored the room but cleaned and repaired this only patch of sunlight in the valley.”
He tilted his head and looked into her eyes dazzling back with sunlight. “Because I believe the only reason the sun peeks over these mountains at all, is just to get a glimpse of you, the most beautiful year around flower.”
Donna hadn’t taken her eyes off the view. So, he nibbled at her neck, and she giggled a bit. Looking out she felt restored, alive, invigorated. “Is this a most beautiful dream or am I still in my dark room sleeping?”
Scanning over the vast panorama, there were things he didn’t tell her. You could see a lot from that high, one being that the Lossmen Forest had doubled in size and height, blocking out the sun that had once bathed the small valley. “There’s about three hours of warm sunlight up here most days. Not enough to…”
“But enough to get me out of bed and keep me busy while you’re in Hummy.” She snickered.
Von straddled a bench, she joined him and leaned back. He wrapped his arms around their unborn child and nuzzled her head inhaling her delicate, sensual aroma. “My heart, this will have to do until summer, then I’ll take you home.”
Donna’s eyes narrowed, and she purred like a sweet kitten.

27.
I HAVE TO HAVE IT
It was mid spring, Von, Gabe and Blair and the rest of the men were far away packing up Hummy palace. Nina and Carla were spending a boring afternoon together. The only thing keeping them awake was the awful racket from Carla’s children running rampant.
Carla dipped a dry hard biscuit in her tea. “Can you believe I have to dip a biscuit to bite into it? If I threw it, I could knock the plaster off the wall. Don’t you miss the days when we ate such beautiful pastries with fruit sauce. Seasoned meat and vegetables arranged like a painting on the platter.” She looked off in thought.
“Honey drops,” Nina added, “I would give anything to have one right now. I was told the boar hunting is better than ever this winter, but Gabe said we can’t eat anything wild. Some of them have come from the Lossmen Forest and may have eaten strange things.”
Carla burst with laughter. “So, you believe that story about the village lady with bores hair growing from her forehead? She took one bite, and she grew hair between her brows and hairline, cores bores brows.”
“Oh, so you’re telling me if a plate of boar was sat in front of you right now you would eat and risk the chance of having to pull those hairs out of your head every day with an ironworks tool?”
Carl’s eyes search, “Okay, you have a point. But that’s not the only story I heard. A whole family ate fish from the Lossmen flood waters and woke up the next day with fish eyes.”
The ladies snickered and giggled until it dwindled down to a whimper. Nina stopped her needlework and locked eyes with her sister. “I miss all our friends and Chin and his family, I think of them all the time. I wonder if they made it, are they eating pastries and seasoned meat in Codland?”
Carla sighed, “Blair said they saw wreckage along the way, but nothing was identifiable. With all those people and all the soldiers, you would think someone would send a bird just to let us know they’re alive.”
“I ask Gabe if someone could survive the Lossmen and he said, you know the stories of old? Well, the Lossmen is twice its length, depth, and height. There’s a good reason the Sawtee have never come after us, and if some TowHummy survived to tell their story, then there’s another one.”
While Carla crunched another hard biscuit, Nina made note, that as sad as the meals were, Carla hadn’t lost a pound and her face was as beautiful as ever.
Chewing and eating, Carla added, “Can you imagine if Donna hadn’t shown up with that wagon full of cured winter meat?” She frowned, “We would be boiling our shoes by now. By the way where is Donna, sleeping late again?”
Nina fussed through a basket of sewing odds and ends. “No, I saw her this morning. I see her every morning,” She looks off in thought. “Then she disappears for a few hours. I mean I can’t find her anywhere.”
“Ha,” Carla cried, “She’s most likely back in bed, and I don’t blame her. It’s cold and drab. I wouldn’t get out of bed either if it weren’t for my sweeties.” She reached out and grabbed the youngest one. “And you wouldn’t get up if I didn’t get you up. See we would sleep our lives away if it weren’t for my…”
Nina completed the sentence, “Monsters.” She snickered, it seemed her sister never missed a chance to remind her, she had no children.
• • •
The next morning Donna was enjoying a few hours in her secluded garden tower. It was a wonderful escape. Every day it delivered a new surprise of color and sent. Von had found the perfect location for such a gift. The sun gave light and the morning dew watered them. It kept a smile on her face all day. She hoped he would return in time to catch a glimpse of its beauty. Especially since little green berries had appeared.
Donna quietly went back to her room with a few blossoms in her pocket. She had no idea Nina and Carla had followed and watched her. Once she was gone, they ran up the stairs, but the door half way up caught their attention.
“Is this where she goes,” Carla asked.
Nina threw her arms in the air, “Good heavens if I know. In all the years we lived here, I never even knew this part of the palace existed.”
Carla tried the door to the enchanted time capsule and went in. They were awestruck for a moment. Standing with their jaws dropped. Carla remarked “This room would rival my own in Hummy palace. Maybe a bit smaller but look at the furniture. And look at the dust. No one’s been in here since forever.”
Nina spotted Vons one finger smear, “Yeah, they didn’t stay. I don’t think Donna visits here, much.
“Oh no,” Carla picks up the ornamental mirror. “It’s way too dusty in here. I bet theirs a real mystery behind a place like this. Look at its location, way over here in a tower all by itself.”
Being true to themselves, what Von and Donna couldn’t disturb, was like water in the desert to Carla and Nina. They made it a point to intrude every day, as soon as Donna came down the stairs, they went up.
A maid watched Carla’s children play for hours and Nina sewing laid in its basket untouched. The princesses hadn’t had so much fun in years. They tried on old gowns of glorious silk, dazzling necklaces, gold bangles, and dangling earrings. They even took a few charms to add to their own impressive personal stash. A lovely box of love letters signed by a mysterious Me were found and pocketed to read in bed at night.
Every drawer was jumbled, every box dumped, every wardrobe rummaged, every love letter blemished, every jewel case fumbled through and every chest rifled, except one. After they had opened the ribboned boxes that sat on top, Nina started to push it out of its corner and into the center of the room where there was still a little sunlight peaking in. But when she pushed it out, she stepped on a bulge in the floor. “Now what do we have here?” She got Carla’s attention.
They forgot about the chest as their eyes feasted on a strange rectangular spot where the floor had been cut out, replaced and sealed with wax. For a moment they silently hung over it salivating, with eyes bulging, and hearts pounding. This was it, the mystery of this room had to be in that hole.
Carla’s nose flared. “Well let’s open it.” she cried. Nina had a slight shiver when she found a letter opener, and they dropped to their knees over the buried treasure. With little effort, she dug the woodblock out and revealed a lovely tarnished rose carved silver box and a small scroll.
Nina hovered over Carla as she picked up the box and studied it.
“Oh, how beautiful. I wonder why someone would go through so much trouble to hide this little box?”
With the open scroll in hand, Nina gasp and reads slowly with arched eyebrows…
By order of the King, this box, this hidden place, this tower is to stay secluded, locked, and all are forbidden to entry at the cost of your life by the King, Vincent himself, from this year.
Nina staggered, having already ransacked the room the ladies looked around and quickly assessed the damage.
Carla studied the scroll for herself. “We need to get out of here, I had no idea we were trespassing against the King’s decree. Just look what we’ve done to this room. It would take a week to clean it up. And what’s Donna doing over here?”
Nina’s eyes dart, “Well if we didn’t know, how would she.”
Hurriedly, Carla replaces the scroll in the hole, “I don’t know, I just want to get out of here before we get caught. If Blair finds out about this, he’ll never shut up. I’ll never hear the end of it.”
Nina had picked up the silver box, and when Carla reached for it, she recoiled.
“But since we’re already this far, don’t you want to see what’s in the box. I’ll always wonder if I don’t have at least a peek.”
The ladies’ wide eyes locked and Carla nodded. Nina opened it the little box and found a blue velvet bag. She dumped its contents into her hand. It was a blue rose carved pendant, attached to a silver chain.
“It’s lovely,” Nina remarked. “But how could something so delicate intimidate enough to be placed in a hold with a death decree?”
Carla picked it up and dangled it by the chain. “It’s some kind of forbidden love story.” She spoke under her breath as she eyed it with a frown. “What kind of stone is this, soft but deep and clear?” Her eyes leveled on it. “I want it.” She affirmed.
“What, have you gone mad?” Nina handed her the velvet bag. “Put it back and let’s go. No one has to know we were ever here. The passion in Carla’s voice and the look in her eyes alarmed Nina.”
Carla couldn’t take her eyes off it. “Did you really look at it. No wonder it was buried here, I would trade all my jewels for just this one. Why do I feel the way I do? It’s as if it’s calling me, Carla, Carla, Carla.”
In a silly voice, Nina mocked in an attempt to bring her sister back into the real world. “Yes, I can hear it too. Carla put me back before you get your head cut off. And your sister Nina will say, I told you so. Besides, you’ll have a hard time keeping me around your neck if you’re missing your head.”
Nina quickly snatched it and popped it back into its bag and back into its box. Carla blinked and staggered. Before she could say a word, Nina had it and the scroll back in the floor. She stood up, brushed herself off and helped Carla to her feet, grabbed her hand and led her out of the room.
• • •
Later they enjoyed dinner with Donna, all along desperately wishing they could tell their story and warn her of the king’s decree. But that would mean admitting and exposing what they had done, so they kept to themselves. Donna was never the wiser, though the ladies had eaten a few ripe berries from her secret tower garden, Donna was not keeping count.
After dinner, Donna retired to her room. The princesses sat at a table in front of a nice warm fire. Carla, with her youngest child in her lap, and Nina had the table covered with polished stones, looking for one similar to the peculiar one they had found.
“You’re not going to find anything like it.” Carla tried to convince her sister. “I got a good look at it, and I’ve never seen it in any treasures anywhere. And I want it. Who would know, it’s so old no one would recognize it.”
“Yes, no one but the king and the ax man,” Nina replied flatly, engrossed with her own little fantasies with the stones before her.
Carla rambles on, “I think the love story is between me and that pendant. It’s not like I ask for much… but that rose is like no other. You couldn’t find one to buy one. That makes it the most valuable pendant ever.”
Nina dumps out another jewelry box and lines the rings and pendants with matching colors. Carla closed her eyes and spoke passionately, “I need that rose. If Blair were here, he would get it for me, he would.” She kissed her youngest on the nose.
Nina sighed, “Then I suggest you wait. But in the meantime, how about I trade you these two rings for that one?
• • •
Still in her nightgown, Carla put on her slippers, and took one of Blair’s cloaks, a hooded one, lit a candle and tiptoed out the door. It was cold and dark with not a soul in sight. Even walking lightly her footsteps resounded, and an occasional draft would almost blow out her candle. At the staircase, the moon fell heavy where the ceiling had fallen.
The moon cast her shadow on the door of the mystery room barring witness to what she was about to do. She quickly retrieved the box and pocketed the velvet pouch.
Back in her room, she shook off the cold, stood in front of the mirror put the blue moonstone around her neck. But it was disappointing, it was nothing like when she had seen it before. Perhaps it needed more than candlelight. So, from her window, a moonbeam hit the mirror, and if she stood in just the right spot, it would illuminate the beauty. She lowered the shoulders on her gown and posed in the moonlight. But still it wasn’t the same, it turned white and started to glow, and a heat quickly emanated, covering her whole body and making her hair stand on end. Carla panicked and attempted to remove it but felt herself fainting. Her last thought was no one knew her plight, no one under the moon, was watching.

28.
HOMECOMING DAY
The wagons were packed to capacity. There wasn’t room for one more thing. Neatly tied up tight, you couldn’t remove a book if you wanted too. Hummy palace was an empty frame, not even a painting was left on the walls. Even the treasure from the ancestral tomb was removed. Blair left no reason to return. As the caravan headed home, Von joined Gabe, Blair and a few others lingering behind to bid a last farewell to Hummy Palace.
Although the skies were clear it was still cold, snow covered the ground heavy. But the fresh air and the thought of heading home was a blessing. The work was tiresome, but the dirt, dust, webs, rats, and mold had taken their toll. It was hard on the hearts of the Hum, who once walked the halls and recalled the rooms so exquisite, now walls of decay and rubble. The men ached to the point of one and two word sentences. You may get a huh, but won’t get a laugh. With no threat of the killer fog, they took their time going home.
Hours from Towten Palace, Von was nodding off. He was well wrapped up, but with the wagons full they slept on the ground. He was chilled to the bone.
• • •
Donna was busy weaving ribbon through a large basket when Monica came running in, screaming with excitement. “Donna, the men, our men are back.” Monica was especially happy as her Del insisted on going even though he hadn’t recovered completely. Nothing could stop him from trying to show Gabe he was back on his feet. His health will pay heavy for this pride, but the blue water will heal him again. And it’s not like Von and Donna are unaware of the dwindling barrels. Returning to Exiland was crucial.
Donna dropped her ribbons, hearing nothing she asked, “Where, how far out are they? She bounced from her seat.
“Only an hour or so.” Monica stood on her toes, ecstatic. “Oh, I have to fix my hair.” And she skipped out of the room.
Donna rushed out and called her handmaid. She thought and wondered, just about now, what would he really want.
With no new snowstorms, the snow on the ground around the active areas of the palace was gone when the wagons arrived. The courtyard was in an uproar and packed with greeting families and noisy onlookers. Nina found her Gabe, and Monica found her ill again Del. Carla’s children followed Nina, with the aid of Carla’s handmaiden. Blair was a little surprised his Carla did not greet him but brushed it off as there was still so much work to do.
Donna weaved her way through the crowd to her Von, who was loudly hashing out orders for unloading. He was almost unrecognizable. Unshaven, dark with dust and with an intimidating serious expression. Donna had never seen him in such a state. Her eyes filled with compassion when he spotted her, his face softened with a smile. When she reached him, he seemed standoffish as if he realized she had never seen him look so unkempt. But she read through it and grabbed him by the collar, and with a pouty lip, she kissed him dearly. With eyes locked and without words she knew how glad he was to be back home. Just about that time Von was socked and kicked by his oh so glad to see him, sons.
Donna took Von by the hand, “Come, I have a surprise for you.” The boys trailed, but when someone threw a stone and just missed them, they stopped in their tracks and took notice. Three girls stood near a barn some feet away giggling. The boys beamed with the, I’m going to catch you look. The girl’s eyes widened, they screamed and ran with the boys hot on their hems.
Donna led Von up to their room, but before she opened the door, she told him to close his eyes. When he was allowed to open them, he found the room warm, dim with the curtains drawn and candlelight. Right in front of the fireplace was a hot bath and scented oils. The sight was so gratifying he lost his smile. His shoulders dropped, and he dropped his head, and the gear fell to the floor. Donna removed his shirt and caught her handmaid taking an eye full, and she rushed her off.
Von soaked quietly for a while, his eyes closed, the warm, scented and enriched with dark blue water, infused his cold, sore body to the bone. Donna slowly added more hot water and waited. His look of utter contentment told her she got it right, this was exactly what he wanted.
Von watched as she washed and examined him from head to toe. “How are my sons?” he asked, “How are Rory’s legs.”
“They are fine, from what I see of them. I hardly get a chance to look at his legs lately. The way they run around all day the two little things must be fit.” She clipped a few of Von’s straggly whiskers. “And I need you to tell them to stay out of that tree in the south courtyard. They climb too high and knock down these little nasty sour apples.”
Von frowned, “Oh, so the sun hits the top of the trees, so that’s the only place where the apples will grow. You say they are sour?”
“Bitter, sour, hard little red things.”
Von’s thoughts shifted from Donna’s clipping. Puzzled, he replied, “That tree was a gift to my grandfather. It had the largest most beautiful apples in Lapuslandee.”
Donna smirks and leans back to study the job she just finished. “You don’t have to tell me about that tree. You tied me up to it enough times when we were kids. You even let me have a bite when you first came here.”
“And how’s my unborn son?” He beamed.
“She is getting bigger and meaner every day.” She pulled a stool behind him and poured soap into his hair.
“Well, he must be a lot like his mother.”
Von had always washed his own hair, so her fingertips of magic caused his eyes to shut and his mouth to fall open. Then when she started to hum so sweetly, it was all too much, and he submerged himself and washed out the suds making a mess and soaking her. He stood up, and she threw him a towel.
“Sit there and close your eyes again.” She pointed to a spot on the bed. “I have another surprise for you.”
She put a berry to his nose. “So what do you think it is?”
Without opening his eyes, he takes a big bite. “berry! Oh, that’s sweet.”
She feeds him the rest. “There were six this morning from your majestic garden.”
“I only see three.”
“Yes, aren’t you lucky you got home when you did. If you had taken any longer, you never would have had a chance to taste these beauties.”
He grabbed a fist full of her skirt and pulled her down across the bed. “I never would have missed them, after I tasted this beauty.” He kissed passionately, and the smile on his face was gone, but not the sparkle in his eye. She had a racy smirk and giggled.
• • •
By the time Blair was done for the day, the question of Carla loomed large. He was told she wasn’t ill, but that was an answer with no answer. Something was wrong. He went to his room where he thought she may be waiting for him, but she was not. He took a much needed bath, and his personal servant said he had not seen princess Carla.
He thought, perhaps she was upset about him being gone for so long. In which case he didn’t feel like dealing with it right then. He opened a book but couldn’t clear his mind enough to read. He had enough and went to her room to get to the bottom of the mystery. What was so important that she couldn’t greet him like a wife should? As he stood at her door, a question flashed across his mind. Was he ready for whatever it was that made her act completely out of character?
He knocked on the door but got no answer. He pushed it open. It was dark and had a pungent odor. Stepping on something, he turned to the windows and pulled the curtains back. The room was in disarray, his face flushed with fear.
“Carla, my sweet, where are you? I’m home, and I missed you.” He opened the windows. Then she appeared by the bedpost, barely dressed. “You should see all the stuff I pulled from that library.” He tried to make small talk while he took a good look at her. “I picked your father’s room clean. I packed up the rest of your room too.” She has to be ill, he thought.
Perplexed, he made his way to another large window. Pulling the curtains back, he let in what was left of the day. She slid her body up and down his back. “Well, I guess you did miss me.”
Turning around he was stunned at the Carla the sun had exposed. She was much thinner, older, womanish, not her normal innocent self. The look was all alluring, exotic, her eyes were captivating. “You look different, you lost weight, are you feeling well my sweetest? Where did you get those big earrings?” he tried to make light of the situation.
She kissed him, it was erotic and aggressive, it wasn’t her, and he pushed her back. Realizing the frown hadn’t left his face since he entered the room, he examined her face and hands. “With the soft voice of an attending physician he went on, “You haven’t spoken a word. If I didn’t know better, I’d think you’d been drinking thumpberry wine. But you sure as hell couldn’t find a bush in this cold weather.”
He couldn’t deny the new strange woman was truly beautiful. He took her loosely fallen hair and pulled it back to get a better look at her eyes and neck. She was undressing him. It was at this time that he noticed the pendant around her neck, a carved rose but now a dull white, not blue. He found it modest and ignored it.
She led him to the bed where he needed her to be. Surely she was ill, bewitch, under a spell of some kind. She pushed him across it where he found it difficult to fend off her kisses and sensual touches. She was assertive, and her forceful strength he found fascinating. Who is this, he wondered, she isn’t my Carla, but she is my wife. And in the name of stimulating masculine curiosity, he relented.
• • •
With the current rooming situation at the palace, a large room was dedicated to boys including Rory and Elleyn. It was on a lower floor due to the noise. The place was a din of racket and uproar. Every night it took an intimidating person of statue to blow out the candle and dare them to relight it.
But this didn’t discourage the girls who gathered together that night for a last ragger. What was going on in that room? Shouting, laughing, things falling, furniture moving. If they only knew five girls with hearts pounding were just outside their door. To get away, they would have to run up a narrow flight of stairs. With eyes wide, they fashioned a small bow out of ribbon, blew it under the door and backed off on to the stairs ready to run. They waited, and suddenly the boys’ room went silent. No doubt they spotted the mysterious bow. The girls burst into laughter and ran up the stairs. By the time the boys made it out the door, the person of stature was there, fist to his hips.
• • •
Donna sat on her husband’s backside, kneading his muscles like dough. “You have to see the tower tomorrow. It has blossomed so beautifully. I’ve told no one, there aren’t enough berries for everyone. Not even the boys know, well they would tell.” She rambled.
She stopped her bodywork in thought, and Von groaned in protest. Back at it, she went on with her story. “One day I returned late, I could swear I heard sounds coming from that room up there. I wanted to take a peek but, then decided I should wait for you. She snickered and nuzzled his neck, he groaned again.
• • •
Blair lay in bed eyeing the strange woman sleeping next to him. Utterly exhausted, his eyes searched his mind for an explanation as to how his sexually shy wife could have manipulated his body as to bestow such carnal eroticism. He looked at a bruised bite mark on his upper arm and blew out the candle. He moaned in the dark from unmatched satisfaction, but in the morning, he vowed to get to the bottom of it.
And the stars bid goodnight to that day.

29.
WHAT THE HELL
Donna was busy painting a wooden doll when her attention was distracted. She heard an argument between two women and a door slam. She peeped down the hall to see what was going on. To her surprise, Nina came around the corner with Carla’s children.
“Nina?” Donna pulled the door open a little more.
Nina stopped, dropped her eyes but said nothing. Donna moved as Nina looked down the hall then led the children and herself through the door. Donna closed it and sat back at her worktable. She watched Nina’s eyes dart in thought as she rubbed her hands together, clearly, she was angry. Finally, she took a seat across from her.
“Have you noticed anything strange about my sister lately?
Donna shook her head no. It wasn’t like she and Von had not noticed that the meals were not taken together anymore. They thought everyone was busy packing and hashing over the lot taken from Hummy Palace. Especially Blair, Von knew how engrossed he was with the documents from the old library.
Nina went on, “I don’t even know her anymore. We hardly ever speak. Only once in the morning when she dumps her children off on me.” She shut her eyes and rubbed her forehead. “They never come out of that room. She never eats, just drinks wine. She calls me names, walks around barefoot and half naked. She wears these big earrings, she must have stolen them from that room.”
Donna sat stunned speechless. Nina placed her hand over Donna’s and leaned over the small table, “She has even touched my husband inappropriately several times. She’s so skinny and pale, and you should see Blair. He has black rings around his eyes, bruises and bite marks.”
The last statement made Donna jump in her seat. “We’ve even seen blood in his mouth.” She looked away a little embarrassed. “I tried biting Gabe a few times, he didn’t like it. Have you ever tried it?”
Donna answered, “No.” in a dry flat tone.
The ladies sat quietly for a moment, Nina dropped her eyes again. “There’s something I have to tell you before they’re both dead.”
Her words put a deeper wrinkle between Donna’s brows. She continued, “We did something, something very wrong. I didn’t want to tell you this but, I can’t fix it. I’m at a loss, and I need help.”
With compassion and disbelief, Donna replied, “It couldn’t be that bad.”
“Oh, it’s that bad.” She sighed, “We are going to need your man.” She raised her eyebrows, “Tell me, how enraged can he get?”
Donna sat back, ran her hands up over her face, brushing a few loose flyways. She knew he had a lot of battle scars and she had seen him kill a Sawtee prince once. “Well thank god, I have rarely seen it, but I think he can get out there, way out there. Nina, tell me what happened.”
Nina placed her hand on Donna’s, and with arched brows, she locked eyes with her. “Please don’t be angry with us. We didn’t want to hurt anyone. We were just a little curious.” She glanced away and withdrew her hand. “We followed you to the tower.”
Donna is a gasp. Nina slightly smiles, “Your garden is quite beautiful. I’ve eaten some of your berries and taken a few mint leaves. Of course, we never told anyone, not even Gabe.”
Donna smiled bashfully and reaches out to Nina. “Oh Nina, I assure you, that is not a problem. I never told you or anyone about it because as you could see there wasn’t much to share. I’m the one to blame, believe me, I wanted so badly to tell you.”
Nina’s expression only got worse, and Donna was confused. What would a few berries and tea leaves have to do with Carla’s strange behavior? But that couldn’t be what this is all about. “We…
Nina interrupted, “No,” She dropped and shook her head. “I wish it were. We went into that room. It was so beautiful and the most exciting fun we had had in years. We just couldn’t stay away.” Seeing her pain, one of Carla’s children ran up and handed her a dried piece of a flower. She took it and sat up straight. “One day we found a beautiful pendant. It looked like a blue carved rose. My sister fell in love with it.”
She leaned over the table and whispered. “I don’t think you know this, but the tower was sealed by the king himself, under the penalty of death.”
Donna bounced back in her chair. Nina rolls her eyes and gets on with the story. “One night my foolish sister must have gone back for the pendant. She’s still wearing it, but the color has changed from a deep blue to washed out white.”
Donna is dazed, as Nina rises and turns away, biting her lip to hold back the tears. “She was fine, she was going to ask Blair if he thought it would be okay for her to take it. With the price being death, I guess she knew he would say no. But before he could return, during a full moon night, she changed.” Her lip quivered, “I don’t know her anymore.”
There was silence as Nina finally broke down. Donna was at a complete loss, she had no idea how to fix such a mess. Nina started to pace the floor trying to hide her tears. “Please don’t tell anyone you saw me in such a state. If Gabe found out, he would be furious.”
Donna’s heart went out to her, almost shedding a tear herself. But before she could find a word to say, Nina pulled herself together, flopped back down in the chair, wiped her eyes, inhaled deeply and asked, “So, do you think your Von will help us?”
Carla’s youngest climbed up into Nina’s arms, she kissed him on the head and ran her finger through his hair. The scene tugged at Donna’s heartstrings. “I haven’t told Gabe the whole story, but he’s noticed they’ve been acting a bit odd lately. I couldn’t tell him I knew why. So how angry do you think your Von will be?”
Donna exhaled a sigh of stress. “I’m not sure my dear one, but one thing is certain, I’m not telling him this story alone. You and Gabe are coming with me.”

30.
HOW THE HELL
Von was sitting at his desk, and Donna stood by his side. Gabe and Nina sat on a nearby bench. The room was still as if they were all holding their breath, except Von. They had delivered the story in a chaotic manner, he said, she said, they were, we were, when, where, how, and why all spouting out at the same time. They settled down once they realized how ridiculous they must have looked. With hearts pounding they wondered how he would handle such a muddle. But in the mists of it all, Von only heard one thing.
He looked at Nina. “This decree you found, did it have the kings seal on it?”
She squeezed Gabe’s hand and answered softly, “Yes.”
“What color was it?”
“It was red.” She answered, and Gabe squeezed her hand back.
Von placed his elbows on the desk, ran his hands over his face and into his hair. He exhaled with a grown. After a long pause, he leaned back in his chair, “Okay, we’ll take care of this, I need time to think.”
Gabe nodded, and he and Nina left. Donna rubbed the shoulders where they had just laid a heavy load. Blair and Carla were the least of his worries.
He covers her hand, “There was no decree posted. With all the rubble, I thought surely it was locked up after a bad earthquake. I had no idea. It was an innocent jester.”
Donna kissed his ear, “and a wonderful one may I add.”
Lam, I have only seen him use that red stamp twice in my entire life. Even when the war was at its worst.”
Donna faced him, “You don’t think he would punish you?”
“No, worst.” He rubbed his temples and closed his eyes. “I could lose his trust, he could ignore me, discount my opinion. I hate that! I try very hard to stay in his good graces. Our relationship is based on that kind of respect.
Donna tisk, “Who’s room is that anyway, what’s the story?
Von shook his head, “I have no idea. I would ask Pedee, but he would never tell, that’s what I love about him. But…” His eyes lit up as a bright thought came across. “Rose, Rose will talk, and she’s nosey, she’ll have the story.”
Donna jumped, “I’ll go get her.” Von took a deep sigh and grabbed two fists full of hair.
• • •
Not long after, a joyful Rose bounced into the room. “You wanted to see me, most wonderful prince?”
“Yes, Rose, I was wondering, have you noticed anything strange going on with Blair and Carla?”
“No, I can’t say that I have. But in my old age, I have just enough time and energy to watch yours ripping and running all over.” She laughed.
Von sat up and clasp his hands together. “Rose, I need to ask you some questions. First, they must be kept confidential, not even my mother can’ know I asked you about this. If you don’t think you can keep it, I won’t involve you any further.”
Curiosity covered Rose’s face as her wide smile turned to a faint one. “Rarely have you ever come to me this way. I trust whatever it is must be worth my keep. How can I help? What’s your question?”
There’s a small tower on the far north corner of the old side of the palace. What can you tell me about it?”
With eyes wide, she took a step back. “The moon tower? I can tell you, you need to forget about it.”
Von leaned forward, his eyes laid heavy on her. “It’s too late. I can’t forget about it. I’m in it… deep. There was no decree posted, so I opened it and well…, Who the hell lived up there? It looks lost.”
“That’s because your parents tried to lose it and for good reason.” It wasn’t often Von saw the serious side of Rose. She spoke to him like he was still a child.
Von waited for an explanation. Rose spun around in thought, grasping for old memories, untold tails, and things that shouldn’t be repeated. She took a seat and lowered her voice. “Okay, this is all I know. I was just a young lady, but as I recall it may have involved the death of your grandfather.” Von narrowed his eyes. “Your grandmother and father locked it up. It was supposed to be bricked up, I’m not sure why it wasn’t, maybe your mother had something to do with that.”
“I hardly ever heard them speak of his death, from the failing.” Von interrupted as if he already had the true story.
“There may be a good reason for that.” She went on. “It was all kept hush, hush, so I know very little.” Von slightly rolled his eyes. “The person to ask would be your mother. She was in the middle of it, at one point her life hung in the balance until they discovered the real culprit, the true source of evil.”
Von frowned in frustration. “What evil, who lived up there?”
“Your mother’s oldest sister, Danica.”
“What my mother’s oldest sisters name is Dora.”
“No, Dora is actually your mother’s second oldest sister. No one was allowed to even speak the name of the beautiful Danica. Poor thing, I’m getting the creeps just thinking about it.” She looked up to see Von impatiently twisting the whiskers on his chin. She got up, inhaled, glanced up at the sealing and paced the floor just in front of his desk.
Okay, Danica was the most beautiful girl of all the sisters. Excuse me, but that includes your mother.” Rose cleared her throat. “If the king hadn’t already taken a queen and been so old, Danica may have been your grandmother.
Rose flashes a smile. “Back in those days, we had what was called Merchants day. It came once a year in the spring when the merchants first arrived in Towhunny. The king would allow the queen to buy whatever and as much of it as she wanted. She would give most of it away and some of her old stuff from the year before and we were expected to do the same. It ended in the fall after harvest.
Rose rubbed her hands together. “I don’t think it was on purpose, but the queen gave Danica a moonstone ring. No, it was a pendant, a beautiful blue rose carved pendant.” Von’s ears perked up. “Yes, it was called the full moon rose. Anyway, Danica, a nice girl, was wearing it during the next full moon and she turned into some kind of ferocious… harlot!
Von struggled not to stop Rose’s outrageous story.
The king seemed helpless around her, and he wasn’t the only man she bewitched. Even your father couldn’t take his eyes off her. Believing it had to be some kind of black magic, the queen had her locked in that tower, but she couldn’t keep the king away. Slowly he became weaker and weaker until he just died. They said it was the failing. But when they carried his body from that room, he had bite marks, at least that’s what I heard.
“At the age of eighteen, your father became king. He had all the sisters put in the dungeon, they prepared for death. In his rage, he went to the tower to kill her but the queen having consulted with others realized the pendant she had given the girl was the culprit and stopped him.”
“I remember those days, my mother made me stay in my room. I was told Vincent went to that tower and ripped the pendant from her neck and she fell to the floor as if she were dead. But she recovered, a bit confused, the last thing she remembered was the full moon.”
Rose leaned over the desk and looked Von square in the eyes, “Now here’s the creepy part. As time went on she, she faded away, like, like a shadow.”
Von bounced back in his seat and frowned in disbelief. His patients had reached its limit. “What do you mean she faded away, where did she go?”
Rose raised her brows and shook her head. “I don’t know.”
The story was so outlandish, Von snickered. “Was she hidden away? You make it sound as if she just disappeared into thin air.”
Rose didn’t smile, “That was it, like a shadow. You know how curious I am, I just had to get a peek. I only got a glimpse of her because there wasn’t anything to see.”
Von could hold back no longer, looking into Rose’s round face, popping blue eyes and somewhat wild eyebrows, he burst out laughing. She was embarrassed, but he couldn’t lose the smile. He concluded, Rose didn’t see her, because she wasn’t there.
“If I were you,” she blasted, “I would lock that place up and pretend it never existed.”
Von shook his head, “I can’t.”
“Then we are in big trouble.” She warned.
He pulled himself together, clasp his hands and asked kindly, “Rose will you please repeat this story to my wife and brother?” She nodded yes, but before she got to the door, Von asked.
“Rose, one last question. How hot do you think this subject is with my father?”
“She replied loud and clear. “Burned at the stake hot, my prince. Burned at the stake hot.”
After she left, Von leaned on his desk with his fist to his chin. He wondered how things could have gotten so far out of hand. As if he didn’t have enough to do, now this. He could only hope it was all as foolish as it sounded.

31.
SOMETHING SMELLS
Von knocked on Blair’s door a few times with no answer, and after calling out, he pushed the door open, only to find Blair standing behind it blocking his way in. The stories were true; he looked gravely ill, frail, old and weak with bruises as if he had been beaten. He was unkempt, with a large ripe boil on his forehead. Von was astounded, in his wildest dreams he never expected to find Blair so ghastly a sight.
“Blair,” Von cried out, “What’s happening to you?
Blair leveled his brow on Von and tried to close the door. He knew his intentions weren’t to his liking. But Von pushed him aside and walked in. The place had a foul odor, like dead flowers, sweat, and garbage. The windows were closed, making it dark. Von saw Carla but hardly recognized her.
In a harsh voice, he demanded, “Madam, remove the pendant from around your neck. Wearing it has put your life in danger.”
She was barely dressed, she flung her long hair over one shoulder and seductively replied, “Come and take it off yourself.”
Von took one step forward, and Blair dashed to stop him. With a wild look in his eye he cried out in a vicious and hostile way, “You stay away from her, she’s my wife, you Towten slime.”
With a glare of disgust, Von replied, “That’s not your wife, I’m not sure who or what it is but it’s killing you. We have to stop it now before it’s too late.”
Blair caught himself, maybe it was the look on Von’s face or the sound of his own voice. His eyes shifted around, he pulled himself together and jerked Von aside and whispers, “You don’t understand, yes she’s different. I have never seen her so happy in my life. She has never been so wonderful.”
“Why, what has she done other than suck the life out of you?”
Blair leaned into Von’s face and pleaded. “I’d rather die than. If that’s what she wants, I’ll give it to her.
Von backed off, his gut did a flip at from the stench of his breath and the gruesome sight of him. Blair wept and pulled the hair on his head as if he had lost his mind.
“Have you gone mad? Blair, can’t you see something has gone wrong here. Has she tapped your common sense? I’m here to help you.” Sickened he threw his hands up and stepped away. “Blair, you reek!”
More determined than ever, Von turned back to the matter at hand, Carla. When he reached to take the necklace, she stood up taunting him to try it. He narrowed his eyes, and when he attempts to level in on the evil within her, he felt something, but before he could analyze it, the door flew open.
It was Donna, Rose, Nina, and Gabe. They were horrified at the dreadful condition of Blair, who scrambled around until he found a dagger lying on a table and tried to stab Von in the back. The ladies screamed, Von promptly and easily put an end to Blair’s pathetic attempt to stop him and swiftly ripped the pendant from Carla’s neck.
Carla fell to the floor as if dead. Rose rushed to Von with a handkerchief to put the pendant in. A whimpering Blair crawled to Carla’s lifeless body. Nina also kneeled at her sister’s side. Von stormed from the room as Blair blast sobbing loudly, “You killed her. You killed her, you miserable murdering wretch… you killed my precious love.”
Von paused at the door but could find nothing to say. He left seeking fresh air, with Donna and Rose close behind him.
Nina assured Blair that Carla was not dead and when Gabe drew the curtains and opened the windows, the fresh air and daylight caused Carla to open her eyes. At first, she was befuddled to find herself laying on the floor. She gave her sister a quizzical smile but as Blair tried to embrace his lost love, she screamed in horror, she thought he was a corpse. Gabe looked on, assessing the damage. This will require quite a bit of healing. Hopefully, it’s not too late, he thought.
Von stood on the balcony hoping the bite of brisk cold air would blow the stench of what just happened from his mind, memory, and nostrils. He charged Rose and Donna with returning the blue moon pendant, and for two days he acted as if it never happened. As the tower had been kept a secret all along, no one else knew what had gone on, and Gabe was bent on keeping it that way. Von agreed, “No one should know of this… Rose!”
Donna found Von in his office busy keeping his books. She had bit her lip trying to keep from mentioning the ordeal as it was now called. It was the kind of thing she really needed to discuss especially with him. To her surprise, he opened with a smile and a bit of sarcasm. “Did you ladies put everything back in its little dark place?”
“Yes, my prince, that very day.” At last, she thought, he’s ready to talk about it.
He put down his pen. “It amazes me how one moment you can be so relaxed and in the next you’re headed for hell in a haystack.”
She stepped behind him rubbed his shoulders and ran her fingers through his hair. “Your intentions were noble, and the idea was brilliant, my love.”
He exhaled, “Have you seen Blair? I hated hurting him, I love him like a brother. Blair is not one that loses control of his emotions but the way he looked at me… I’ve never seen him like that.”
“You saved his life, and that wasn’t the Blair we know, he tried to kill you. I haven’t seen them, but Nina told me in passing that, Blair is well on the mend and Carla remembers nothing since the night she tried on that dark pendant.”
Von looked off in thought, planted an elbow on his desk and put a fist to his chin and confessed, “Lam, I really don’t know how to handle things like that. Cursed pendants, witches and bewitched madmen.” He shook his head.
Donna lightened the subject. “By the way, Rose and I moved the garden to a little used embattlement, that’s high enough to catch the sun. So far, we’ve had twenty strawberries to share, and five of the most beautiful are in our room waiting to be devoured.”
Von turned to look at her bright face. She made it seem as if it was all over. “Tomorrow morning, I will find a chain, lock it up and post a warning, so this never happens again.” He breathed a sigh of relief.
In the middle of the night, the shadow of a man entered the tower room.

32.
AFTERSHOCK
Gabe walked briskly down the hall. A bit frustrated he spouts off, “I can’t help you if you don’t tell me these things in a timely manner.”
Nina skips behind him trying to keep up. Almost out of breath, in puffs, she tells him. “She didn’t want me to tell anyone. We were hoping we could heal her.”
“And Blair couldn’t tell me?” he snapped back.
She reached out and grabbed him, he stopped, she had his attention. In her eyes, he could see she was suffering an avalanche of pain and fear. Like Von, Gabe was so busy prepping for the journey to Exiland, he had neglected his wife and the other problems at hand hoping they would take care of themselves. No, he hadn’t visited Blair that week, assuming the couple needed time to recover from the ordeal. And besides Nina saw them every day. What now? He thought.
With eyes glossy, she blocked his face and whispered, “Blair… his heart is broken. Just as she started to remember how much she loved him, it started. Please dearest, he’s very tender. Show some compassion for them.”
She was right, was he really so busy that he couldn’t look in on a man he respected and loved enough to call brother? Or was he trying to avoid the fact that he had no idea how to help Blair, no matter how bad he needed him? If they were suffering, he didn’t want to hear of it.
Moments later, Nina knocked on the door, and Blair opened it with a pleasant smile, but that quickly changes when he sees Gabe. His glare made Gabe uncomfortable, and he hesitated to come in. The curtains were pulled back, and the room was full of sunlight. Except for piles of books at a desk in the corner, the room was picture perfect. Even Blair and Carla at first seemed the picture of health and wellbeing. A little on the lean side but all in all a vast improvement.
Blair hadn’t lifted his disapproving stare and Gabe felt the heat. Though he tried to show some compassion for their situation, the room was still thick with Blair’s animosity. It was as if they had slipped back into the old days of the war. Blair was Hummy and Gabe was Towten again. Still, looking around, he saw no problem.
To show him, Nina took Carla by the hand and stood her in the mirror. Taking a few steps, Gabe was astonished. As he moved about her, she faded in spots. Could it be a trick of the eyes, he blinked? In the mirror, she looked normal but otherwise, ever so slightly transparent. Not the dress, not the ring on her finger, but the flesh and blood of her body. Blair looked at him as a loathsome coward. And he was right, Gabe didn’t have the courage to even look her in the eyes. It would be like looking at a phantom dead on. No one said a word as he circled her. Nina held two fingers to her lips hoping he had an answer.
“Did you try the healing water? He suggested.”
“Of course I did!” Blair scowled, “It didn’t work!”
But that wasn’t all. She reached out, he jumped. She grabbed hold of him pleading her case. He couldn’t take his eyes off her hand. Ever so slightly he could see straight through it. “I’ve been touched.” she whimpered, “Something keeps grabbing at me, pulling at my clothes and tugging at my blankets on nights when there’s even a sliver of a moon. And it whispers to me.” She pulled away and turned her back to him. Blair ran to her side.
Nina continued, “The brighter the moon, the stronger pull and the louder the voice.”
Gabe lowered his brow, “What does it say?”
“She’s not sure, it’s garbled, something about the moon. We’ve been keeping her away from the moonlight.”
Gabe staggered in disbelief. “I’ll talk to my brother and see what he says.” He turned to the miserable couple, Carla in tears and Blair woeful. “We’ll think of something” he aimed for the door.
Before he closed it, Nina cried out, “Hurry my love, we have a full moon in just a few days.”
And at that, the look on Blair’s face dared him to return. Gabe stood outside the door. No wonder there were so many books piled by the desk. Blair was trying to find a cure. He shook his head; how do I tell my brother such a thing? He’s going to think I’ve gone mad.
A few days later, the sisters are enjoying a wonderful game of weeds, so much so, they failed to notice the sun had gone down and the only light in the room came from the fireplace and one sole candle.
Carla fanned her cards, and Nina tried not to show the disturbing fact that she can see the decorative pattern on the back of the card through her sister’s hand. By now she thought she would have gotten used to it, but ever so slightly every day she vanishes just a little bit more. Carla takes the moment in stride, even going as far as to make jokes about what she plans to do when she’s completely invisible. For her, the worst is how badly the rest of them handle it and of course her children, who barely seem to notice the difference and if they have, they’re not alarmed.
Carla’s a fun, lively spirited, young woman, and keeping her secretly locked away is not easy. So, Nina and Blair did their best to keep her entertained and out of sight. Rose helped by spreading a rumor that she had a catchy rash. That kept the curious, nosey types away. Carla’s letters and notes flutter around and about the palace, keeping her busy and somewhat content.
Blair presented her with a newly inked deck of The Weeds playing cards. They were so beautiful they almost didn’t want to use them.
Nina threw down a pair, “Ha, three roses.”
Carla drew from the deck. “Oh, another weed, it’s just not fair. Are you sure you shuffled these cards twice?”
Nina giggled and pulled another card and glanced up at her sister then loses her smile. For a moment she thought she saw something. It must have been the light from the fireplace, she thought. She checked her hand and found another match, but movement caught her attention. Something was glowing and moving behind her sister.
“What?” Carla asked, looking behind her.
“Nothing, it was just the glare from the candle in my eyes or something.”
Nina threw down a match and burst out laughing.
“Oh, I turn my head, and you cheat.” Carla protested with a smile.
Nina’s laughter stops when the faint glow clearly forms a cadaverous looking face. She jumped from the table dropping cards and pointing with a gasp.
This frightened Carla out of her seat. “What, what do you see?” When she turned around, she screamed. The ghastly figure reached out and grabbed hold of her. Nina and Carla were fighting if off, horrified that something so intangible could be so strong.
The chilling screams for help sent Blair busting into the room, and the phantom started to dissipate. He narrowed his eyes trying to see what the ladies were wrestling with. He picked up the candle, and the thing disappeared. He walked into the darker part of the room leaving the ladies in the dark with eyes focused on him. Suddenly Carla is held against the wall unable to speak. Nina, hearing the words moon, from a disembodied voice, turned to see her terrified sister and bolts screaming. Running from the room, she slams into Gabe who also heard the chilling cries.
By the time the two men cornered the petrified Carla, what ever it was had gone.
• • •
Later that night, Blair and Carla’s room was filled with mirrors and candles lit everywhere. Rose helped Blair arrange them to get the maximum amount of light. Nina and Donna watched from the hallway.
Von pulled on his whiskers, “Brother are you sure this only happens when the moon is out?”
Gabe, still slightly shaken, whispered, “I’m sure.”
“Did you see it?” Von’s eyes wandered.
“No, but I believe them. Look at how terrified they are, would they be doing all this? They had to have seen something.”
With a quick study of Carla lying on her bed, Von asked, “Is she getting any better? Has this fade thing stopped or slowed down any? She looks normal.”
“No, it all depends on how the light hits her. If you get closer, the ailment is much more apparent.” He took a deep sigh, “How do we fight something like this?”
Von patted him on the back, “She should be safe now.”
• • •
Nerves frazzled, no one would sleep easy that night. Von and Donna laid in bed awake, with the light of one candle. She wondered out loud. “How will they sleep in a room so bright? I guess they could sleep during the day.”
He tried to calm her, “At least it stopped the attacks, and it only lasts as long as there’s a moon.”
Von reached over and pinched out the candle, closed his eyes and tried to fall asleep but there was a lot of rustling, then a small flame floated from the fireplace to his side of the bed and relit the candle. It was Donna. Von frowned at her baffled, “It’s not after us.”
Donna firmly replied, “Well it can always change its mind.”

33.
SHOCKWAVES
Von’s days were full of sighs of frustration. He felt like he couldn’t get out of Towten fast enough. The sun was directly overhead, so he went outside to catch a bit of it. On his way to a comfortable table and bench, he passed by his father’s apple tree. He could see many had ripened, and some had fallen to the ground. He picked one up and wondered why no one had bothered to eat them, as fruit was quite scarce. He collected a few; they were so small he could fit one in the palm of his hand.
He had a seat and rolled them out on the table. He cut one and took a nibble, but before he could gag, Gabe swooped down across from him as if he were on a mission.
“Von!” he cried with eyes wide.
Von spat, “Brother,” he smiled, happy to see him. As hard as they tried to find time to drop in on one another it hadn’t happened. Von continued to examine the apples. “Can you believe this came from the royal tree? What are these little red rocks?”
Gabe answered hurriedly, “Yes it’s cursed. One year it was covered with the sweetest red, almost black apples, not as big as the royals but sweet never the less.”
Von could tell he was agitated about something. He went on, “The next year the tree was covered with the most foul-smelling blossoms and every year since,” he picked up one and frowned. “this is the crop it yields.”
Like clockwork, Rose and Donna arrived with a basket of busy work. They greeted the men, and Donna gave Von a sweet eye. “Ah, here you are catching a spot of sun while you can, hum?”
Von returned the beam and went back to studying the apples. “We were just talking about what the weather must have done to the royal tree. At least it’s not dead. Perhaps I can take a piece back with us, maybe we can heal it in Exiland.”
Gabe put his apple down, impatiently trying to get Von’s attention. “Speaking of Exiland, we need to talk.” Glancing at Rose and Donna, he invited them to stay. The ladies raised their eyebrows and opened their ears. He locked eyes with Von, “So brother, what are your plans?”
Von responds seriously, “I plan to get out of here as soon as possible.
Gabe blurts, “How are we going to leave with Carla half dead?”
The ladies covered their mouths in shock, Von dropped the apple he was inspecting. Gabe was clearly shaken, he lowered his voice and looked Von square in the face. Rose and Donna listened closely. “I can clearly see straight through her and Nina said, she stopped eating when she realized we could see the food pass down her throat.” He dropped his head and shook it.
Von caught the stunned expressions of the ladies. His response, “What are you trying to say, I don’t believe it.” When he glanced back, the ladies were gone. “And Blair, what’s he saying about all this?”
“He’s fine, healthy but bitter. I’m not sure I can turn my back around him.”
Von levels his eyes on Gabe, who slaps him with, “You opened the gate, you have to take some responsibility for what’s happened.”
“I did,” Von cried out. “I stopped it!”
“For you,” Gabe came back, “but not for the rest of us.” Gabe stood up and leaned over the table. “Okay, the girls shouldn’t have done what they did, but they are my family, and I can’t turn my back on them, certainly not now when they need me the most.”
Von’s voice rose, but not in anger. “What do you want me to do? I care, I’m not heartless, but I can’t ax a bewitching.”
Gabe ran his finger and thumb over his mustache, “We can’t leave her here. Nina will never go without her and what about Blair? We can’t desert him, maybe after she’s dead.”
His words knocked Von back. “If she goes with us how do we explain her condition? We might all get singed from the heat that comes off this thing. He could banish us back here, he’s still King.”
Gabe was at a loss for words. “You always think of something.”
“We’ll take her back with us, and try to hide her, but if mother finds out we hid this from them…”
Gabe finished the sentence, “We’ll be nailed to the spot where we stand.”
Von gave a deep sigh, “I was so sure the deep blue would work. You know when I was dying they piled hot rock on me and saved my life. Maybe that will work for her too. Honestly, I don’t know.”
The hot rock idea gave Gabe new hope. “When do we leave?
“In two weeks, and I mean it. This place is going to hell, and I plan to be out of here before it gets there.” Von stood, “If Blair wants to come and bring his wife, he’s welcome. Everyone is welcome to get out of this ice hole, but understand me clearly brother, I will not have my child born here. We leave in two weeks.”
Gabe’s eyes searched, “Fair enough.”
Von sat back down and fluffed the hair that had stood up on the back of his head.
• • •
Rose and Donna ran up an old embattlement tower where they had replanted the garden. There, they found four, ruby red berries and a few flowers to make a very small bouquet. Shaken with fear, curiosity, and woe, they knocked at Blair and Carla’s room. There were loud noises and voices, then Blair opened the door and invited them in with a bright smile.
Nina was there, also seemingly happy to see them. She took the berries and sat them aside. Blair pulled out two chairs and faced them toward a huge mirror. All seemed almost normal except the way Carla presented herself. She sat behind a large floral painted screen and faced the mirror where the ladies could see her clearly. She looked and sounded normal, normal enough that the conversation went on as if nothing was wrong. They laughed about the children, Rose talked about the days of old and Donna promised Exiland had the answer to every problem. Not once did anyone give a hint to the misery Gabe described. After a few hours, they departed with well wishes and smiles of great relief.
As they walked down the hall, Donna and Rose discussed the horror story Gabe had given. Maybe they didn’t stay long enough to hear the full account. They had jumped from the table quite abruptly. Somewhat satisfied with what they had seen, they put a skip in their step to get back to Von and set his mind at ease. Then Donna realized she still held the small flowers in her hand. She wanted Carla to have them as they were so rear a sight in such weather.
She dashed back down the hall with Rose close behind. Without thinking she burst into the room. Carla had stepped out from behind the screen, and Gabe’s account was made real. Donna and Rose harmonized a loud high pitch shriek, Donna dropped the flowers and staggered at a sight she would never forget. The invisibility was expected, but she had taken on the face of a ghoul with two dark places where her eyes should be and all of it rather transparent.
Blair and Nina were just as horrified that the ladies had seen her. Carla ducked back behind the screen in tears as Blair rushed the women out. Before he closed the door, a heartbroken Donna pleaded loudly, “Oh Carla, sweet one, you should know we love you dearly.”
• • •
Von was laying across the bed, with his shirt open and his head hanging slightly off the edge. Donna suddenly swept into the room, sat a candle down and plopped on the bed beside him but said nothing.
Von asked, “How bad is…”
She answered flatly, “Bad.”
He asked, “How real was…”
She answered, “Real.”
Von squinted, “You could actually see…”
“You should…”
“No,” He ran his hand over his face and rubbed his eyes, “I don’t need to see that.”
They sat quietly for some time. Him, in deep thought, with no answers and her, wide eyed and still shaken.

34.
WHITEOUT 1
Two weeks arrived quickly, but all were eager to leave. Von and Gabe were mounted and wrapped up warm. Packed and ready to go they lined up, a massive caravan of maybe a hundred wagons, carts, and all the animals they had left. Gabe was a bit overwhelmed by the magnitude, but Von wasn’t surprised in the least. They had all been assigned a number, a driver, an animal or more to pull the wagon. The number helped locate people, places, and things. In case of some unforeseen disaster, all could be accounted for.
In an effort to keep the Ordeal under wraps, Carla was placed in a large closed trunk, supposedly filled with Lord Blair’s most precious treasure, and she was. It was taken to his wagon where he would watch over it personally. Rose’s wagon was next in line.
After the word was given to move out, Von and Gabe stayed behind and watched them file by into the whiteness. Viewing the snakelike train from a distance was humbling. It must be the entire valley, Gabe thought.
Turning they took a last look at Towten Palace. It had never been so still, darker and colder than ever. They had no qualms about leaving but saying goodbye tugged at the heartstrings a bit. The men watched keeping their thoughts to themselves.
Then out of the blue two families came out led by Pedee. They waved, shouting farewell. “I thought everyone was leaving.” Gabe smiled.
“No,” Von waved, “they’re staying. It will be nice having someone here, but I will miss him greatly.”
Pedee shut the gate, and the two men caught up with the caravan. Despite everything that had happened Gabe was optimistic. “Mother and Father will be so surprised when they see this. Not to mention most of these people don’t know much about Exile. Many families will reunite just like us.”
Von also was glad to see the venture afoot. “Donna sent birds with the message. If they made it, they shouldn’t be too surprised. But still speaking of surprises, what of Carla?
Gabe lost his smile, “We are still at a loss as to what to do. Every day she gets worst. Even her voice, it’s absolutely haunting.”
“I have to agree. Two days ago, when Blair wasn’t around, Donna and I found her sleeping. If Donna hadn’t pointed her out, I would have missed her lifeless resemblance of a human being. From one angle I could see her faint face and from another was a hideous creature.” Von frowned, “How far will this go? Rose said Mother’s sister vanished, completely. I dismissed it all as scandalize chitchat. But today, I owe Rose an apology.”
Gabe shook his head, “She just disappeared? This is sad.”
“No, this is madness. I’m not used to hiding things from the king. I want to come right out and say, tell me about the blue moon rose I found. But I can’t take the chance he might exile me back here. And what about Blair? He still hasn’t spoken to me.”
“He’s mad as hell,” Gabe confessed. “It’s difficult and dreadful for him. We still have their children.”
Von turned around, and this time looked up in the distance to catch the dark outline of Towten. Goodbye old friend, he pulled his gloves tight and took a chest filling deep breath, smirked and rode off to drive the caravan.
Two weeks later the bright minds were starting to dim. The place where Elleyn positively identified as the location he and his mother had arrived in TowHummy was nowhere to be found. Donna confirmed that the cottage was only so far, so they were in the right place. Elleyn was heartbroken, though no one dare says a word, he could see they were disappointed.
Elleyn stayed with his father most days giving way for some close bonding. When all was said and done at the end of the day no matter what had happened or how many disappointed looks he received, no one had more faith and confidence in him than his father.
Not wanting to expose Rory’s legs to the cold, he stayed with his mother, as her protector. Von approached Donna’s wagon. It was easy to spot, she had painted it herself in Exiland. Lovely brightly painted flowers and birds with gold trim, you couldn’t miss it. Von rode up alongside her, she stopped, had they found something, she wondered. No, it was just a sweet visit.
“It won’t be too much longer.” He pulled the hooded fur collar close around her neck. “Why are you driving? Why don’t you let Rory take over? You should relax.”
Rory popped out from behind his mother. “Please, Please, let me, I can do it.”
“Oh,” Donna whined, “I just don’t want to let those little legs get too cold.”
“Nonsense,” Von joshed, “His legs look better than mine.”
“Really?” Rory’s eyes bugged.
Donna gave Rory a soft smile and a firm “No,” She looked Von up and down with a smirk and finished the sentence. “they don’t. Okay, you can drive for a while.
Rory and Von leer at one another as if they had just won a little battle. Von sat high in his saddle and narrowed his eyes. “I’ll be watching you.” Rory couldn’t get the smile off his face.
• • •
Another day and Von and Gabe decided to park the caravan in a safe place along the mountainside. Von had a nagging question. “Why is there so much flat land? No rocks or trees nothing but wide open white flat land. Truly, I don’t recognize it.”
Gabe was taken aback, “You don’t know. The water from the dam never receded. This is years of packed frozen ice.”
“No wonder,” Von thought out loud, “A stone blocked the original path. We could never budge it or climb over it and for good reason. The water would have diluted the hot springs, the healing waters. If this is frozen, and the dams were never rebuilt, where is all that water going?”
Von sent scouts in both directions daily looking for any possible pathway up the steep mountain wall.
With hope dwindling, the camp was dividing into stay and return home groups. But every night Von and Gabe would dampen their doubts with stories of the mystical Exiland. So, every cold morning started out with great anticipation. Gabe and Von rode off to secretly discuss the state of affairs. At best they had a week including return time. That made them just that much more determined. But when they came face to face with the mountains majestic white peaks, it was daunting.
One extra chilly morning, Von and the men gathered around a large campfire to make plans for the day. Suddenly there was a rumble. They looked up the closest mountain wall but saw nothing. Then someone cried storm, and another called, look and pointed to a dark mass coming their way. Not prepared for an ambush, they scrambled for their weapons. But it was too late, they were upon them, and Von could not be happier. It was Burt.
Burt dismounted, and Von cried, “Burt, where the hell did you come from?”
“My prince, your father sends his warmest welcome, I am here to escort you back home.”
“How did you find us? Von asked, grinning from ear to ear.
“We received your message from the birds. I recalled the place Elleyn found a year ago, but it was frozen on your side of the mountain. We would have been here a lot sooner, but we had to dig it out.”
Elleyn jumped up and down. “See father, I told you.”
“Yes, my young prince,” Burt added, “and the King named it Elleyn’s Pass.” The boy started to glow.
After Burt’s men were greeted with cheers and pats on the back, he sat down, dropped the sack, it was full of large ripe apples. “It’s good to see you all in good health. We brought more with us, but over the mountain is all you can eat. My lady and young Rory?”
Von went through the sack and found the most beautiful and perfect one, stuffed it in his shirt. “They are fine, they have lots of stories to tell you.”
“I’m sure.” Burt laughed as his men passed out sacks of fruit.
Von dashed back to the caravan to deliver the good news. When he arrived at the wagon, he found Donna and Rory melting a pot of ice. He pulled an apple from his coat and licked it. When their mouths fell open, he took a bite that made the cracking sound of sweetness. They made no moves, and he said nothing, but when he went to take another bite, they charged him laughing and clawing for the red gem. “Okay, okay, wait, wait!” he cried. He pulled out a nice one for Rory and the beauty for his Lam.
Donna looked it over, her heart skipped a beat, this could only mean one thing. “Oh, my love, where did you find such a thing?”
Your birds survived, Burt is here to escort us home. We leave within the hour, and we won’t stop until we’re on the other side. That should be before nightfall. We’ll be driving hard so…
“I’ll be fine,” she interrupted, “after all, look who I have to protect me.” Rory smiled with a mouth full of fruit. They rejoice with warm hugs and kisses that their payers had been answered.
And just a few wagons away, Nina, Rose, Monica, and all Carla’s children were all in Nina’s wagon. The ladies were busy paying a heated game of weeds and the children romped. Gabe tossed an apple down the vent, and it landed right in the center of the card table. They stopped playing, startled, and stared at it. Monica reached for it, “It looks like an apple.”
Nina stopped her. “Don’t touch it. It may be cursed. Why would a beautiful apple, just fall from the sky, right into our wagon?” Monica recoiled.
“Bewitched fruit, what do we do with it.?”
The men were outside laughing. Gabe decided to toss in another apple just when the ladies all happened to look up. They jumped up from the table when he dumped the rest of the sack through the vent. There were screams, and the wagon started to rock. The door flew open, and the game was up.
Nina put her fist to her hip. “Okay, you’ve had your fun, now get in here before all the heat slips out.”
It was nice and cozy in the packed wagon. Monica took a comfortable seat and put the apple up to her nose and inhaled. “This smells like the old days.” Others joined as they savored fragrant the treat, one after the other, recalling what they were afraid they would never experience again, and giving thanks to the future they hoped they would. Images of hams, pies, wine, loaves of hot bread, the bath, roaring fireplaces and most of all the warm sun on their faces. Gabe added, “Hopefully by tonight, we eat to our heart’s desire.
But what about Blair and Carla? Rose would care for Carla when Blair joined scout teams. He said little to Gabe and less to Von. As the days mounted with no escape found, Blair spent less and less time out of their wagon. He only allowed Rose to bring food and help out.
Rose, Von, Gabe, Del, and Burt, gathered at Blair’s wagon to give him the good news. They invited him to join them in a top of the mountain race. At first, he said no but later changed his mind. Though he didn’t show it, this was just as big a deal to him as it was for anyone. In his mind, the only thing left to save his wife was the hot black rock. And the moon would be full that very night. So, whatever he could do to hasten things along, he would cooperate.

35.
SUN BLESSED
Burt takes Von and the others to Elleyn Pass, not too far from camp. It was clear to see why they missed it. When digging, they piled the snow high on the side of the road making a snow ridge. But today a huge bolder of ice sat out in the open.
“That,” Burt pointed, “is the last chunk of your road.”
Now, clearly being able to recognize the ice ridge, Von could see that Burt and his men had done an incredible job of clearing a road. It would be a gradual ascent and not the difficult incline Von was preparing for. With morale and spirits high, the caravan started the climb.
Burt led the men to the top where they could clearly see miles of green mountains and a valley below. Ah Exiland, the goal was to at least get as far down as the green hillsides before the sun went down. It seemed feasible. Eventually, the wagons reached a spot on the trail where they were told that just over that distant hill was green. There grew a great gap between the wagons that had reached that point and the ones that had not.
For most of the trip, the wagons found rock under their wheels. For steeper areas, they traveled one at a time. Von was proud to find his sons and the other young ones out giving a helping hand. Upon high, he watched the last wagon leave the icy Towten valley floor, and two hours later he watched the first wagon cut between mountains headed toward the sun drenched green landscape.
Now on the Exiland side of the terrain but still far from home, Burt located the perfect place to set up camp. Von, Blair, Gabe, and Del watched wagons file in down below. Drenched in sunlight, Gabe caught a glimpse of Del’s face. He could carry the suns rays for weeks, but after his illness, he had washed out paler than a winter flower. Watching Del glow, Gabe was convinced this place could cure all ales. Even Blair thought, perhaps this warmth could heal the chill of the curse that held his beloved Carla. He had parked his wagon in an isolated area for the privacy. He imagined the two of them laying out on a blanket like they had in the past. Von caught the slight smile on Blair’s face.
They were silent with hearts filled with gratitude, quietly controlling the emotions that were leaping for joy and shouting from the green mountain tops. In the moment of deep contemplation, someone breathed a sigh of relief, someone sniffled, and someone’s belly growled.
Word had reached the village, and the people came out in droves to reunite with their long separated loved ones. There was to be a huge feast that night. Gabe and Del were still on the hillside soaking up the sun and watching the camp settle, and preparations for the feast were being made.
“This is a wonderful day Del, it should be remembered, like a holiday. What shall we call it?”
“That’s a great idea, let’s see, how do you feel?”
“I feel blessed, optimistic, hopeful. My life is suddenly bright and sunny.” He lifted his hands to the sky and chuckled.
“Me too, how about, Feast of the Sun?”
“No sounds too much like something from an old book.” After a few moments, they both blurt out, “How about Feast of the Sunblessed?”
The two men stayed up top watching long after the last wagon had settled, discussing their lives, recent and passed, their hopes and dreams. Then a cool breeze from the other side sent them down into the warmer valley.
• • •
That night the feast was well underway with colorful tents and welcoming banners, food of every type, wine, and loud, joyful music kept the children running and adults dancing. Shock waves of laughter, smiling faces, bonfires, and hundreds of candles kept the event as bright as day.
When the moon rose, it seemed only half its size without the snow to reflect its intense. That wasn’t true for everyone however. It wasn’t like a few individuals didn’t feel a little guilty or sad that a certain princess was missing. And her absence was causing questions to pop up already. Von made up his mind he would not be tied down with lies and deceit. He would confront his father and pray he took it well. Hopefully, enough time had passed to heal the catastrophe that had heated him.
Blair had parked their wagon away from the others, but the wild and jubilant music invaded their solitude. Earlier he had taken her outside in the sun, but it was uneasy, every time a leaf rustled he panicked that someone would see. But most depressing was the fact that Carla loved music. This was just the kind of event she would have been the center of. Instead, they were tucked away in a corner far from all she loved.
It wasn’t a dark corner. It was a full moon, so Blair had three candelabras fully lit and 6 large mirrors crowding the small wagon. Carla had sunk to the point of wanting to die. She had no discomfort but saw Blair’s agony every time he looked into her fading face. She often wore a veil for those in close contact, for their sake.
Blair parked close to a mountain to block the moon on one side. A warm wind was rocking the wagon. It rocked so hard he had to lean the mirrors to keep them from falling, and a few candles blew out.
He helped dress her for bed and covered her peculiar body. With his eyes closed, she felt normal, warm, soft and sweet smelling. He laid across her and wept silently.
He was bitter, “They are having a feast, in celebration of the sun. I know how much you love to celebrate everything. Their celebration is nothing without you. No matter, it’s been a hard day, I’m tired.” He pulled a small mirror from his pocket and looked into her sweet sleeping face.
It had been a taxing day, and Blair dozed off still laying across Carla. Suddenly the wind gave the wagon a hard jolt, and he woke up in the dark, and the moon had engulfed the wagon. It was in Carla’s face, he covered her, and something uncovered her. Then he saw it, the phantom. There was a tug of war with the blanket that was covering Carla. Gritting his teeth, sweating and swearing, Blair fought like never in his life, but the thing was determined to see her glowing in the moonlight. Then it stopped and gave a soft smile as if it had won. It got what it wanted and left.
He quickly covered her and scrambled to find a candle. They had blown out and fallen over. Frantically searching he stepped on one. He ran outside hoping the fire he had made earlier still had embers going. How long had she been exposed to the moon and that thing, he wondered? Returning to the wagon with a lit candle he found Carla sitting up, whimpering, “Did you see her? Did you see her beautiful face in the mirror?”
Still shaking himself, he tried to calm her. “Don’t worry my Lala, we will have light in a moment.” He lit a small candle and handed it to her. She gave a loud cry when she saw his eyes widen and his face tremor. “All must be lost.”
But Blair collapsed in her lap, he kissed and kissed her, she almost dropped the candle. Blair took it and showed her, her reflection, but that hadn’t changed much in the mirror, so he held up her hand. She couldn’t see through it.
It was some time before any words were spoken just tears of grateful joy. Then there was a knock at the door. Blair wiped his face, pulled himself together and opened it. It was Rose with a jug of sweet wine, cakes, and meat from the feast. Blair said nothing but invited her in. He had to catch the wine before she dropped it. Out of the wagon, she ran the distance back to the feast that was still going strong.
Where, where is everyone in this mass of people dancing and children running and smoke from fires and food cooking? First, she found Nina, almost knocking her down with excitement. A stunned Nina spotted Gabe, and with that news, they gather all Carla and Blair’s children and head to their wagon. Meanwhile Rose found Donna who staggers at Rose’s wonderful words, and they find Von in a tent, as usual, keeping books.
When Von is given the great news, he stops to ponder the how and why. But Rose and Donna had no time for his wonderings and dash off to the wagon. By the time Von reaches them, a small silent crowd has gathered, glad to see the princess has recovered from her, so called rash, that had kept them away for so long. They part the way for Von. Sitting in the doorway at the back of the wagon was Carla leaning against Blair, wrapped in his long robe, blushing in the moonlight, with her youngest in her arms, and one kneeling with his head on her side and the other leaning in with a kiss. Blair stood behind her, and when he locked eyes with Von, he gave him a slight smirk and a nod.
All was well under the moon that night.

36.
SO GLAD
The next morning Von and Donna woke up from some of the best sleep they had had in a long time. Von mused out loud. “I knew it, I knew this place was magical. So, what did he say caused her to come out of the spell?”
Donna snuggled in close to her bear. “He said he thinks it was the moonlight. Strange thing, all this time we made sure she stayed out of it. They weren’t sure what it would do to her. So, if the phantom was evil, why did it try to expose her to the moon?”
Von had no answer.
“She’s still not quite herself yet. Parts of her memory are still missing.” Donna added, “It’s going to take a little time for her to recover. Hopefully, she does.”
“Hum, I guess it makes sense, didn’t Nina say her sister first changed on a full moon night? The whole thing is mind boggling.”
Donna held her head up, “I wonder if she’s up already. I wonder how she feels this morning. I got the feeling Blair wasn’t telling us everything. Maybe Nina will have the full story or Rose will squeeze it out of him.” She giggled.
“That’s what I want, I want to know from start to finish what the hell happened. And for such a thing to not be written in any of our books. Not one word or hint to such a horror. I’m going to grow a little leather on my back and go to the one person I think knows everything, mother. One day this story is going to surface, and all hell is going to break loose, and they will go for me because they trust me the most.”
Von is in such deep thought, Donna tries to make light of it. “Well, you certainly will not hang alone. That was one of the most wonderful things anyone has ever done for me. It was out of love, and that just can’t be wrong. We burn together my love.” She playfully smacks two kisses on him.
“Leaving that cursed pendant is one thing I’m glad we left behind.” He added.
Elleyn woke up, rubbed his eyes and jumped into his mother and father’s bed, he started punching Von, and yelling take us home! Donna joined in beating him with a small pillow. All the yelling and laughter woke up Rory, who covered his head.
It was a perfect day and although they were anxious to get home, the night’s festivities left them slow moving. The royals dressed the part and mounted horses to arrive. Donna shared a ride leaning back on her husband. Still some ways off, Von spotted the towers of Exiland palace. “Ah, home.” He pointed.
“I’m so happy to be home and have my baby here.” She ran her fingers between his. “I can’t wait to see my father and your parents. What will they say when they see Gabe? Just think, tonight we sleep in our own bed. What a godsend.”
“Yes, all the things we took for granted, but if Rory hadn’t run off…
She completed the sentence, “This entire caravan may have perished, your brother and all. So, who’s going to write this story?”
“How about Blair?” He answered, and they both snickered.
• • •
Closer to home, the road was lined with well wishers greeting and reuniting families, sharing stories and tears of joy.
Meanwhile, at the palace, the king and queen stood on the new balcony. Vincent had his spyglass, “Oh, there they are. It looks like they brought the entire Towten valley.”
“Let me see.” He handed her the scope. “Good heavens, look at all those people.” With her hand to her chest, “Ooh my children, all my children, and the size of that caravan goes on forever. Rose, Rose, where, where is she, I must have my Rose back. There, there she is.” Kissna bounced up and down. “Oh, the things I have to tell her.”
The king took the scope back and spotted a huelyee with Rory and Elleyn and a girl, Eanay, Monica and Del’s daughter, sandwiched between the boys. Elleyn kept sniffing her hair, and she kept scooting up on Rory who kept pushing back, causing lots of screaming, elbow action and making the king laugh heartily. Taking a good look at Donna, he hands the looking glass back to Kissna. “Haha, look at Lam.”
“She is with child again! That must have been one cold winter. And there, there’s my baby, Gabe, and his Nina and her sister and Blair. Oh my, all these people.”
The King and Queen spun around with jubilant cries of laughter. They dashed down the stairs, Vincent called out with all his might “Conner? Conner! Is our wing complete? It’s moving day!”

The End… But

Book 4
VEIL OF THE MONSTER
Some time had passed since Von brought the rest of the family out of TowHummy and into Exiland. Donna gave birth to another son, Hunter. She wasn’t alone as the population had tripled in size. Although not needed Von and his now teen son Rory, helped build a small army, just in case.
The Lossmen stayed an intimidating barrier to outsiders. The TowHummy and all their gold itched in the back of their minds as kings came and fell in Sawtee. On the other side, the Cods lived well and had commerce with the Misch.
Elleyn worked as expected with his grandfathers in the laboratory. Michael loved medicine and was also often found in the laboratory or the library. Hunter was still young and could be found anywhere and everywhere.
Blair’s sons were architects and were responsible for the expansion of the palace grounds, roadways and were in the midst of carving a massive fortress wall from a mountain.
Then there was Gabe. He was at the center of everything, he handled the kingdom purse strings.
But no matter how content, comfortable and secure you are, tucked away in your warm corner, eventually you have to come out for some reason.

