
Autumn’s Ravage
Book One 
The Dream Cane Series ©

By
Phil Armstrong


Published by
2Promises Publishing House ©  


* * * * * 




Title and Copyright Page


Autumn’s Ravage
by Phil Armstrong


Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews. Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

The cover graphic has been licensed and purchased by the author from Dreamstime.com

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places and events is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously. Thank you for downloading this eBook.

ISBN 978-0-9877284-4-9 Autumn’s Ravage

Copyright 2014 Phil Armstrong. Discover other titles by Phil Armstrong at www.2promises.com



* * * * * 


Autumn’s Ravage


* * * * *

Prologue: The Ripostes Scroll

It was always thought to be a legend, a tall tale without much substance, but the select few who were fortunate to hear the story, were sworn to secrecy. In the 1920’s, a Tibetan priest stumbled badly upon a rocky path. He fractured bones within his leg; it was such a severe break, that his fellow priests feared for his life. It wasn’t long before his badly damaged leg became infected causing the priests to reluctantly carry the injured priest down from their mountain monastery, and admit him to a hospital with western medicine, and modern practices. The priest’s leg was immediately operated upon where steel pins were inserted, to hold the compromised bones in place. To provide relief from his infection and raging fever, the priest was given powerful drugs that rendered him unconscious. 

One calm evening, a young nurse heard noises coming from the priest’s room; she entered to investigate and ensure his wellbeing. The priest was mumbling away uncontrollably, as the infection-induced fever started to peak. What she heard that night would change the way we looked at our world forever. Upon her deathbed, the nurse reluctantly shared her knowledge with her only son. He followed her instructions by writing her words within a letter, contained in a sealed envelope, which would only be opened upon his death. His dutiful wife was painfully informed that her husband would not return from the war. She opened the letter and read its contents; the letter has long since vanished, but the sacred knowledge imparted by the uncontrollable ramblings of the delirious priest, endures today.

There are nine realms in this world; we live on Earth, the fifth realm. High in the cloud-covered mountains of Haitden, deep within the third realm, lays the majestic Monastery of Light. This is a place of deep spiritual connection, a place of enlightenment, where monks study ancient practices eloquently outlined in the Ripostes Scroll, which some say, provides answers to our universe’s deepest mysteries. The scroll outlines the process used by the monks to travel between realms. The monks dedicate their lives to protect the light, and all that is good across the nine realms. Earth’s Tibetan priests had found a way to communicate with the monks using a form of deep meditation. 

The monks of the third realm had fought the battles and had eradicated the forces of darkness from their world entirely, but it still exists within the other realms. Evil will always try to establish a foothold, where it can prepare an attack on the purity of the third realm. Dark powers are relentless, seeking any opportunity to corrupt, and ultimately destroy the Ripostes Scroll. Evil feeds upon fear, jealousy, and violence, in the hope that one day, it can rule the nine realms.


* * * * *


The Fourth Realm - Vianna


Chapter 1: A Stranger arrives in the Village.
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District.

“Jealousy is the tribute mediocrity pays to genius.”


The roadside sign was made from weathered wood, illuminated by an old electric lamp, which had seen better days. Placed carefully at the side of a steep narrow road, it read “Welcome to Autumn.” Autumn was a small mining village, isolated by its northern proximity, far away from the bright lights of any city. Its inhabitants were genuine, hard working, proud and tough. The wind howled through the tall pines, and thick spruce trees swayed as he pulled his dark hood closer to his face, to shield him from the biting wind. He could see his warm breath billowing into small clouds supported by the frigid air. The narrow road continued to cut a path through the thick trees as the sun was retreating from the day, giving way to the darkness, and a different type of light emerging from the rising moon.

The cold air stung his rugged face, his beard stubble offered some protection, but he still shivered. He longed for a warm meal and a steaming cup of coffee as he glanced at his mud-covered boots. He pointed the toe of his boot forward and began his final trek into the village. His senses were keen and alert allowing him to hear noises deep within the forest, either side of the road. No vehicles had passed him that night, as he approached the outskirts of the Village of Autumn. Autumn wasn’t a large place; it consisted of a few streets arranged around, and leading to, a Main Street. The village originally formed as a meeting place for miners, loggers and trappers. Autumn had a general store, a bank, a diner, a small hotel, and the Sheriff’s office. The nearest city was a three-hour drive, due south.

Autumn was considered a tough place to live, where the locals were always described as hardy. Winter was brutal this far north, but the people knew how to survive, despite the bleak conditions by living off the land. The local log mills had closed years ago, but one solitary copper mine was still operational and provided most of the employment for the residents of Autumn.

He’d walked about six miles as the dark night approached, and the evening grew colder. His legs pumped in a steady rhythm as he tried to distract his mind. Ahead, he could see the faint outline of buildings, lights, and the start of the village. This spurred him onwards with his pace picking up considerably. It wasn't long before he paused at a door to a building spilling welcoming warmth and light, onto the cold street. The red painted sign announced, ‘Autumn’s Diner.’ It looked like a good place to get a warm drink, and some much needed food. Two wooden steps, and a white door, stood between him and a hearty meal. He approached, pushing the door open with his large cold hand. He walked inside and was greeted by a rectangular shaped room. Wooden booths were adorned with red padded benches that lined a center aisle. At the end of the aisle was the kitchen, surrounded by stainless steel serving doors. He flicked his eyes to the right, and then to the left, while he surveyed the scene before him. As the door slammed shut behind him, he was bathed in a gust of cold air that rushed through the small diner.

It was the day before Kelly’s nineteenth birthday, she was a happy soul who loved her job at the diner, yet countless people had advised her to move away from the Village of Autumn while she was still young, but Kelly didn't listen. She waited on tables, chatted with customers, and was quite content with her life in the rugged north. The slower pace suited her more than the bright lights of Laran City. The hustle and bustle lifestyle didn't seem to hold the same attraction as it did for countless others who had left. She’d heard stories about her school friends, like ‘moths to a flame’ they were described, but she never got excited about their exaggerated stories of success. Kelly was a very cute girl, in the Village of Autumn she was a catch with her shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling green eyes, and slim waitress figure, that came from being active and on her feet all day. She had an infectious laugh, a positive friendly disposition, and a naivety that customers adored.

The men would tease her, and she wouldn’t know if they were joking or serious, it was part of her charm. With her million-watt smile, she would laugh and graciously collect the coins left into the tip jar. Kelly approached the stranger with her usual smile, “Hi, welcome to Autumn’s Diner, table for one?”

People turned their heads to examine the unfamiliar man that stood before them. He was dressed in black from head to toe. His large frame could not disguise the fact that he was a muscular man, he wore dark coloured boots covered in mud, and his black trench coat hung from his shoulders like a cape. He wore a black hoody that was pulled up high to hide his head and most of his face. His squared jaw protruded slightly, and his face was tilted at an angle where Kelly couldn’t see his eyes from within the dark shadow cast by the hood. He nodded his head as she approached, “For one please,” he said, pulling his cold hands from his pockets. 

Kelly couldn’t see the man’s facial features, but she knew from his height, and the size of his body, that she hadn’t served him at the diner before. “Over here please,” said Kelly, waving him to a booth situated half way down the diner’s aisle, on the right hand side. She slid a menu across the recently cleaned tabletop and watched him settle in. He looked around the diner taking an inventory of its inhabitants. He snapped open the belt of his trench coat and pulled his muscular arms from the wet, heavy, trench coat. As he turned to hang his coat upon a brass hook, Kelly’s eyes rested upon the area at the top of his shoulders. His black cotton hoody clung to his muscular frame taut across his shoulders and back. ‘He’s big,’ was the thought that raced through Kelly’s mind as she sized him up. When he turned, her eyes involuntarily fell to his flat stomach. He wore loose fitting black jeans, and a black leather belt with a plain silver buckle. His hoody was baggy, but it was obvious that his mid section was narrow and lean, giving him that unmistakable ‘V’ shape that she found so attractive. Grinning like a foolish schoolgirl, she tried to recover quickly, “We have a mean Shepherd’s pie tonight on special, and the Bangers and Mash seem to be popular too.”

The stranger slid effortlessly into the open booth, which faced the door to the diner positioning his back to the kitchen. He reached upwards and pushed his black hood away from his face, Kelly stifled a curious gasp of approval, her pupils widening as she studied his face. He had messy long black hair, with an unusual streak of white tucked behind his right ear. His cheekbones were high and pronounced framing his eyes that were deep set with a puffy, swollen, look. He squinted trying to adjust to the bright light of the diner. He wasn't a pretty man, he looked rugged, just the way Kelly liked them. She was so smitten with his deep-set green eyes that she forgot to ask him for his order, so he took matters into his own hands.

He tilted his head, and a strand of dark, wet hair, fell onto his forehead, distracting her. “Can I get a black coffee please, while I take a look a quick look at the menu?” His voice was deep and she seemed mesmerized. She pulled herself together.

“Sure, I’ll get that for you right away.” She knew she was grinning like a besotted schoolgirl, but she couldn't help it. As she walked back towards the kitchen to get the coffee, she looked across at Annie, the owner of the diner. Annie was grinning at Kelly who waved her hand in the motion of a fan, to signal how hot she felt. Annie laughed, smiled, and nodded her approval. Annie looked at the stranger’s back, broad shoulders, and long dark tangled hair. She knew he wasn't a local and she knew he wouldn't be welcomed. Kelly adjusted her hair in the reflection of the glass servery door. She tightened the belt on the back of her waitress uniform to ensure that it hugged her impressive figure tighter. She poured the stranger’s coffee into a mug and hurried out to serve him.

Kelly didn't look at Annie this time instead she concentrated on the hot cup of coffee shaking in her hand. She cautiously approached the stranger’s table, where she noticed that Paul and Brian had taken the booth situated across the aisle from the stranger. “Two large regular coffees Kelly sweetheart, when you have a minute,” shouted a boisterous Paul. Kelly liked to flirt with Paul, it was obvious that he had a thing for her, and she always managed to secure a nice sized tip. Kelly liked Paul, but she didn't like him in a serious way. She’d kissed him once at school, but they were kids back then and to her, it meant nothing. Paul was always loud, boisterous, and not too smart. He always tried to show off around Kelly, trying desperately to appear more successful than he really was and trying to demonstrate how clever he was. Unfortunately this often came at Kelly’s expense for Paul liked to put Kelly down, or tease her about being stupid. He thought it made him look clever, but it inevitably backfired and she just got annoyed with him where she thought he was an immature jerk.

Kelly concentrated on the cup of hot black coffee; she nodded at Paul, but turned her back on him while she carefully set the cup down upon the stranger’s table. “Have you decided yet?” He lifted his gaze from the menu, and flashed his green eyes. Kelly got her opportunity to study his ruggedly handsome face; he smiled and nodded.

“Kelly. Two coffees please over here, we’re freezing and we need a hot drink!” Paul was insistent and annoyed.

“I’ll take your recommendation. I’ll try the Shepherd’s pie please.” The stranger folded his menu placing it gently upon the table in front of him. Kelly ignored Paul, and wrote the stranger’s order and table number, into her small notepad. She leaned over the edge of the table to retrieve the menu, catching the stranger’s eyes looking at her body. Paul was getting increasingly agitated.

Paul slammed his fist onto the table and shouted, “God damn it Kelly, are you going to serve the regulars or what?” Kelly was caught off guard; she didn’t know how to respond. Annie had been watching Paul and saved the day by arriving with two large coffees.

“Keep it down Paul, I’ve got your coffees.” Annie placed the steaming cups onto the table in front of the boys, and gently leaned in, “Don't start any trouble tonight boys, she’s only got one pair of hands, and you just needed to wait your turn.” Annie delivered Paul her sternest stare as she tossed a couple of packets of cream across the table, “You hear me?”

Brian responded first, “Yes,” he said, reaching for the cream.

“I’m looking at you!” said Annie quietly.

Paul lifted his head, “Yes,” he said, reluctantly. Annie wheeled away with a smug look on her face where her eyes caught the gaze of Chief Great Bear, a native Indian elder. Chief Great Bear clutched his coffee mug tightly to absorb the warmth seeping through into his weathered, wrinkled, fingers. His long grey hair fell upon his shoulders, braided in the style of his tribal elders. Annie smiled, but Great Bear remained cold and emotionless. He sat motionless while observing every nuance of the diner, and every detail of the scene unfolding before him.

Kelly retrieved the stranger’s menu and walked briskly to deliver his order to the kitchen that was located at the back of the diner. Paul and Brian sipped their coffees in silence. Occasionally Paul would glance at the large framed stranger seated next to him across the aisle.

The diner fell into an awkward silence, which was thankfully broken by the front door delivering another icy blast, and another customer. A portly figure stumbled inside wearing the unmistakable dark green uniform of the village Sheriff. Sheriff Kevin Jones was well known throughout Autumn, he was the man who was supposed to represent the law. He was raised and schooled in the Village of Autumn and married a local fiery red headed lass called Jean. In his younger days, Sheriff Jones was a good-looking man who filled out his uniform in a handsome way. After a series of infidelities, and an illegitimate son, Jean had reached her limit. Jean headed to Laran City and the Sheriff headed to the bottom of a whiskey bottle. The Sheriff drank, crashed the police cruiser, fought, and gained an excessive amount of weight. He became belligerent and lost the respect of the village. He represented the law, but he acted as if he were above the law. Sheriff Kevin Jones was a shadow of his former self; he was now the village drunk, and the butt of all of the jokes. He was the only person the village had tasked with upholding the law, yet he had trouble upholding his own weight. It was obvious to the casual observer that having the village drunk driving a squad car and carrying a loaded gun, was a recipe for disaster.

A fatal accident occurred at the mine the week Jean had left the Sheriff. Two miners had been killed, and as protocol demands, the Sheriff was summoned to investigate. The Sheriff’s younger brother David had been fatally crushed along with another miner, as the coalface had collapsed in a freak accident. It was the hardest week of Sheriff Kevin Jones’ life. He’d lost his wife and his only brother that week, and it damn near killed him. Paul was still a young boy when the Sheriff visited his house that fateful day, he remembered his Mother sobbing and stroking his hair, while holding him close. Paul’s Father had died in the mining accident, and wouldn't be coming home from his shift at the pit. His Uncle, the Sheriff, had been crying too as he told him of the news. He’d promised his Mother that he would look out for him.

The Sheriff drank constantly always carrying a full flask of whiskey with him. Tonight was no exception as he entered the diner sporting a bulbous red nose with the smell of liquor on his breath. “Phew, it’s a cold one out there, and the wind’s picking up,” he announced to the whole diner, as if everyone was interested. He slammed the door closed behind him to keep the wind out, and strutted down the center aisle looking for an open booth. The Sheriff normally sat near the kitchen, away from the door. He glanced at the patrons nodding his head at the boys, and smiling at Paul. Looking at the boys, he missed the large frame of the man sat opposite them. He noticed a couple of the guys from the mine; a few men from the village, the old Indian Chief and the cheerful face of Annie, sat in the final booth, as usual. The Sheriff headed for Annie’s booth and sat in his usual place. Kevin liked Annie, she was always pleasant, and he had a bit of a crush on her. Annie had a black coffee poured before his considerably sized derriere had planted itself on the fake red leather seat. Annie pushed the steaming cup in his direction, “Thanks Annie, it's a real cold one tonight.”

Ten minutes had passed with the quiet steady hum of conversation reverberating around the diner. Kelly arrived at the stranger’s table with a plate full of steaming hot Shepherd’s Pie. She held the plate with a white towel, “Careful with the plate, it’s really hot.” She pushed his meal towards him and flashed him a warm welcoming smile. The stranger reached for his knife and fork as Kelly loitered. She twisted her golden locks with one hand and tilted her head to one side. This was a good move that she knew from experience would catch the attention of the male gender. Paul watched intently from the booth opposite, his blood was boiling. “I don't think I’ve served you before, are you new around here?” inquired Kelly, leaning over the table to get closer to the stranger.

The stranger stared at his meal. The diner had fallen quiet, as if everyone had decided to follow along with her conversation. He continued to stare at his meal, his cutlery gripped tightly within his large hands. He nodded politely, without looking at her, “Yup.” He scooped a large helping of Shepherd’s Pie, and forced it into his mouth, so he couldn’t continue with the banal banter.

Kelly wasn't taking the hint; she wanted him to notice her, “So do you work at the mine or are you just passing through?”

The stranger swallowed his food, turned his head slowly, and stared at the fresh-faced teenager. She straightened her back and leaned in closer. He noticed her perfectly white teeth and deep green eyes. “I’m passing through,” he said under his breath, trying to make this conversation end.

Kelly probed some more; she was having fun flirting with the stranger in front of Paul. “So what do you do for a living Mister?”

The stranger was starting to get irritated, but how could you make a scene with the Sheriff sitting a few booths behind you, and an innocent kid, as wholesome as apple pie, taking an interest? “I’m a logger and I’m just passing through, that’s all.”

Kelly was having way too much fun to stop. Most of the men that came to the diner were fat, stupid, lazy, ugly, old, and crass. It wasn't often she got a chance to speak to a real hottie. Besides, if she flirted with him in front of Paul, well that was a double bonus for she would’ve paid the stranger her tip to do that. Kelly’s back was facing Paul the entire time. She had tightened her uniform where her firm buttocks were pressed against the thin flimsy material of her uniform. Paul’s eyes drank in the shape of his dream girl, while his ears listened to her fawning over another man who seemed to spurn her attempts at a conversation. His blood continued to boil; Brian noticed his agitation. Brian pushed his right arm forward letting it rest on Paul’s left forearm. “Easy now, calm down, she’s just trying to wind you up.” Brian flashed Paul a stern look to emphasize his words.

Paul stared at his coffee mug but listened in on the conversation intently. His face had turned red, and he was tapping his wet boot in annoyance upon the tiled floor.

Kelly leaned further over the stranger’s table pointing her rear end deliberately at Paul. “The nearest logging outfit to here is operated out of Dawson’s pass, and that’s not open for another three weeks. You planning on hanging around for a few weeks then before moving up north?”

The stranger moved his chiseled face to within inches of Kelly’s smooth fresh lips and looked deeply into her bright green eyes. He smiled, and then let the smile fall from his face, “You have a lot of questions dear, I normally don't like naturally inquisitive women. If it’s all the same to you, I’d like to just eat my meal in peace, and get on with my business. Like I said, I’m just passing through.”

Kelly stubbornly stood her ground; her nose was almost touching the handsome stranger’s face. Her rear end was protruding into the center aisle, pushed taut against her uniform. She’d rested her chin upon her elbows, and she knew Paul was about to blow his lid, but she didn't expect what happened next.

Paul knew his uncle, the Sheriff, was sitting at the rear of the diner. This was the false courage that he needed to show Kelly exactly the kind of man he was. He leapt to his feet and pushed her aside in one fast movement. Kelly was precariously balanced to begin with, so the push sent her tumbling to the floor, giving Paul full access to the stranger’s large frame. Paul loomed over the seated stranger, “Don't like inquisitive women!” he shouted, loud enough to get everyone’s attention. “Who the hell do you think you are coming in here and being rude to the staff, when they’re trying to be friendly.”

The stranger remained calm, slowly lowering his fork and resting it on his plate. He casually dropped his hand underneath the table while Paul was incensed at the lack of response. Kelly had regained her feet, “What the hell do you think you’re doing Paul?” she hissed.

“Shut it. I’m trying to teach this scruffy logger here some good old-fashioned manners. You!” Paul reached down to his belt and withdrew a hunting knife. In one swift movement he’d pointed the knife at the face of the stranger, “Apologize to her now for being so rude!”

The commotion had caught the attention of the Sheriff, who was now standing in the aisle at the back of the diner. Paul had noticed his uncle’s presence from the corner of his eye, and it served to give him more courage and conviction. Great Bear had been watching this escalate from his comfy vantage point, he’d seen Kelly flirting, and the effect it was having on Paul. The wise Indian Chief had sat silently observing every movement, every shift in weight, and every last detail.

The stranger had sat motionless until Paul started to move the blade closer to his face. The stranger’s movements were quick and decisive. Within a second, he’d swept his boot into the aisle. His strong leg had kicked the weight out from underneath Paul, who crashed onto the floor in a heap. The stranger had leapt so quickly from his booth surprising everyone at how quick he was for such a large man. He jumped upon Paul causing the Sheriff to advance and withdraw his gun. The stranger was tall, strong, and supremely athletic. He sprang to his feet powering himself upwards with his stocky legs. With one of his large hands he had grabbed the collar of Paul’s shirt. He lifted Paul powerfully from the floor, leaving his feet dangling in thin air. Paul had managed to hold on to his knife where he lifted the blade, and readied to use it. Paul was way too slow, as the stranger had withdrawn his knife anticipating Paul’s move. The stranger withdrew a fearsome blade, much larger than the one Paul held. The handle of the stranger’s blade was made from bone, and it protruded from his grip finished with a large, smooth, rounded knob. Lifting Paul off his feet had disoriented the precocious teen, what happened next stunned him.

Paul jabbed his blade aggressively towards the stranger’s abdomen, but his thrust had been anticipated. With a powerful downward blow, the knobbed handle of the stranger’s blade, thundered into the weaker wrist bone of the riled up teenager. Paul howled in pain and dropped his blade; it scurried across the tiled diner floor coming to rest at the feet of the Sheriff. Paul dangled like a rag doll, realizing the enormous size of his adversary. Standing at six feet seven inches tall, with a massive muscular frame, the stranger lowered his large blade to his side. “Put the gun away Sheriff,” he said, using the kid as a human shield. 

Great Bear studied the knife; this also afforded him the opportunity to study the man standing before him. “I used this knife in self defense, against an unprovoked attack. In fact, I didn't use the knife at all; I only used the butt end of the handle, to disarm this jealous little kid. Put your gun away, because all I want to do is go back to my coffee and my meal in peace.”

Sheriff Kevin Jones examined the size of the man standing before him. He didn't believe he could take him using force, and didn't want to discharge his weapon, in his current drunken state. He nodded at the stranger while slowly returning his drawn weapon to its holster. The stranger threw Paul at the feet of his uncle, “I’m going back to enjoy my meal in peace, I suggest you get this bag of hormones out of here, before he hurts himself.” The stranger returned to his seat resting his blade on the table beside him.

Sheriff Jones was motionless and clueless, and it was Annie who took the lead, she kicked Paul’s knife to the back of the diner and raced towards the downed teen. “Get up and then get out - Now! You can’t come in here causing trouble, now out.” She grabbed him by his collar and lifted him to his feet, ushering him down the aisle towards the door.

It took a brief moment for all of this to sink in, but eventually Paul came to his senses, he pushed his body against Annie trying to stop her momentum. He was about to protest when he felt a presence behind him, it was Brian, “Come on Paul, we need to get out of here.” Brian grabbed his friend’s jacket and pushed him forcefully towards the door. Sheriff Jones shook his head in dis-belief for he realized that he was incapable of resolving this conflict in his current drunken state. Paul was being pushed towards the door but he managed to catch a glance of the stranger’s large shoulders and made eye contact with Kelly cowering in a booth near the door.

The boys disappeared through the front door of the diner the cold rasping air announced their departure. Silence descended over the diner as the stranger scooped a fork full of food, and pushed it into his eager mouth. Annie returned to her seat after safely stowing the grounded knife, she looked across the table at the deflated Sheriff. She reached forward and steadied his shaking hand, “It’s OK Kevin, no more drama tonight, and I’ll have a word with Kelly later, and you need to talk to Paul, deal?”

“Deal,” the Sheriff looked shaken.

Kelly pulled herself together and headed back to the kitchen, as she passed the stranger, he pushed his hand into the aisle stopping her progress. She sheepishly looked at his brilliant green eyes, “A warm-up on the coffee please, it’s gone cold while we were having all that fun.”

“Certainly,” Kelly headed to the back to retrieve the coffee pot.


* * * * *


Chapter 2: A Young Man’s Wounded Pride.
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District, The Fourth Realm.

“In youth we learn; in age we understand.”


Paul and Brian stumbled outside into the parking lot enveloped by the crisp cold evening air, they looked at each other and burst out laughing, “You’re a complete fool Paul! You can’t tell me that you didn’t see the size of that bloke in there?” To accentuate the point, Brian pointed to the diner’s door, his hand still visibly shaking.

“He was big wasn’t he?” Paul doubled over in laughter, relieved to be out of the fray. “Sheriff Jones, my Uncle Kevin, what a disaster; absolutely useless that drunken fool. Kind of blown it with Kelly now though. What do you reckon?”

Brian stopped laughing, “You best leave well alone mate, and I don't think she’s into you except for those large tips you’ve been leaving. Listen, here’s what we’ll do, the night’s a bust now, and I think you should stay out of the Uncle’s way for a bit. He was not pleased with you pulling that knife, and we don't want to run into that big guy any time soon. I picked up a case of beer this morning and it’s still sitting in my truck. I have my tent and a couple of sleeping bags, in fact, I have my camping gear stowed in my truck from the fishing trip last weekend - how about we drive up to Archers Point, hike up to the river, and pitch the tent on the bluff. We can start a fire, cook up some beans, and drink some beers. I think it best if we lay low for a while, and let this thing blow over - what do you say?”

 “Sounds good. They took my hunting knife - what have you got in the truck?”

I have my hunting knife on me and there’s a camping knife and a couple of rifles with some ammo in the truck - we should be fine. I have a couple of large backpacks and supplies left over from the fishing trip, we have enough food, and we’ll start a fire. You’re in deep trouble and Uncle Kevin will need some time to cool off and sober up.”

“Cool off - yes, I wouldn't hold onto much hope for the sobering up part - you’re right, let’s go, it’s pretty damn dark; if we’re lucky, we’ll get a high moon.”

The two boys walked towards their truck before commencing their journey further north. Brian had grown up in the Village of Autumn, and he knew the back roads like the back of his hand. Brian used to travel these routes with his Father, who regularly took him hunting and fishing, so he was very familiar with the route to Archers Point; he’d been there less than two weeks ago. 

Archers Point offered a great place to safely park the truck near a roadside rest stop, from there, a simple fifteen-minute walk into the woods following an established trail, would lead them directly to the bluff. The bluff was a mile long outcrop of rock overlooking a spectacular scene of trees and forest stretching out below them, with the rapids of the Gernado River far below. It was a quiet peaceful place where tourists didn't venture and hunters wouldn't go. Only the locals knew of this place, and it was far more popular in the summer months, at this time of year, nobody would be partying at the bluff. This would make it a perfect hideaway place for a few days to let the tension die down. Brian hated the city and despised the village, he loved the woods, and for him, this is the place where he felt the most comfortable. He loved being outdoors where he was fully trained in survival techniques. Brian knew the terrain well, the weather, the animals, and the dangers associated with staying in the woods.

Back at the diner, the stranger had completed his meal - he caught the attention of Kelly and motioned for the bill with a writing gesture. Kelly rang up his meal and delivered the itemized bill with haste and a renewed respect. The stranger reached into his pockets and pulled out some money, he folded some crumpled notes into a pile, taking care to ensure that he left a reasonable tip. He placed the money on top of the paper bill while reaching for the glass saltshaker, which he used as a weight to keep the bills anchored. He stood to retrieve his long black coat, as he pulled on his trench coat his eyes came to rest upon the old Indian Chief - Great Bear. Great Bear’s expression never changed, but he’d been curiously watching the tall stranger since he’d walked in. The stranger smiled and nodded his head as a mark of respect to the old man, before heading for the door. Before entering the diner he’d noticed a hotel sign located a couple of streets away, he needed a room and a good nights sleep.

The truck’s headlights struggled to illuminate the last part of the journey to Archers Point; the darkness came quickly as the boys passed the Native Indian lookout point and parked against a rock face out of sight from the road. Brian organized the backpacks ensuring they contained the necessary survival supplies. The sun’s light had been completely consumed by darkness with the sky covered in a heavy blanket of clouds and freezing cold air. The boys were dressed in waterproof mountain gear, sturdy boots, wool hats, insulated jackets with hoods, carrying large backpacks with sleeping bags, a tent, rope, lighters, and other survival gear.

“You ready?” said Brian, shining his flashlight into Paul’s face.

Paul pushed the bright beam away, “Yes, did I tell you it’s really cold?”

Brian smiled, “Yup.”

“Well it is. Don't know why I let you talk me into this hair brained idea!”

“Cos some idiot went and pulled a knife on a guy that was three times his size, and do you know why you did that? Cos you weren’t thinking with your head, you were thinking with another body part, and to make matters worse, you decided to do this in front of Uncle Sheriff! Maybe that’s why we’re here, freezing our butts off. You’re welcome, now take the rifle and place it over your shoulder, don't worry it’s not loaded. I have rounds in my backpack if we need them, and mine’s not loaded either,” a small lie Brian had to tell. “Now come on, let’s get going before it gets too late, I want to get a good nights sleep, and not freeze my butt completely off.”

It wasn’t long before the gushing noise of the river signaled their arrival on the stone bluff. Brian started to take over, “This is the best place to make camp, but we have to get a fire going soon and start to get some warmth in our bones, plus it will keep any curious critters that we don't feel like entertaining away. I’ll pitch the tent; leave the backpack and rifle here, take your flashlight, and go to the fringe of the tree line over there - Brian pointed to the clearing. Find some dry wood, like branches, limbs and large twigs, should do nicely. Gather as much as you can and bring them back here OK? I’ll get the fire going but then you’ll have to gather some more wood, until I tell you to stop. We’ll need enough to see us through the night.”

Paul nodded, but he wasn’t in the mood to argue for he knew Brian was an expert at this stuff, and he followed his instructions without complaint. The night air was still cold and his gloved fingers were starting to smart. He used his flashlight and managed to gather a few decent sized branches, and a fair amount of wood. When he returned, Brian had a light stand erected and was completing the tent. Brian had worked quickly like an animal totally at ease in the wilderness; Paul let the branches fall to the ground and looked at Brian for approval. “Yes, this is good. I’m going to need about three more loads of this size ok?”

Brian nodded and trudged off in search of more wood. When he returned, Brian had completed the erection of the tent and a lantern was lit inside illuminating the area in front of the tent. Paul could hear the rushing water of the river below as Brian nodded his head. For a moment, Brian was impressed with his friend’s foraging skills; he was stooped over the pile of wood as he lit the brush, dried moss, and ferns used to ignite the makeshift fire. Paul dropped his second load and scurried off to find more wood. When he returned for the final time, the pungent smell of crackling, burning, wood assaulted his nostrils in the most delightful way. The soft warm glow of the fire pierced the brutally cold air of the night. Paul moved closer, dropping the wood on the pile he’d previously gathered. 

“Can’t beat a good fire,” said Brian, rubbing his hands together to accept the warmth. Brian had camped here before; the fire was surrounded by a group of large rocks, and he’d placed stones within the hearth to retain the heat as the night wore on. Two rounded boulders were close to the fire’s hearth, “Come, sit, this is the best way to get warm.” Brian pointed to a dark rounded stone elevated from the damp ground.

Brian let out a sigh of satisfaction, “Ahhhhh,” he looked up at the night’s sky, the clouds had moved away now revealing a clear sky full of brilliant stars. Cold nights delivered the clearest skies and the best views of the celestial heavens. This night offered a high moon, which cast its brilliant blue light onto the bluff. This far north, the heavens were clear, not hampered by the light pollution spewing from large cities. “So,” said Brian inquisitively, “perhaps you can tell me what you were going to do with that knife, and that monster of a man back there?”

His words hung in the crisp night air, suspended only by the tension in his voice. Their eyes met across the flickering fire before they both burst into raucous laughter. “Yup, pretty stupid eh.” 

“The art of love is largely the art of persistence,” Brian quoted as he threw a can of beer at his friend.

Paul caught it, snapped the pull ring open and took a much-needed gulp, “Don't get all fancy with me, we know which one of us has the brains, that’s pretty obvious. I know I acted stupid in front of Kelly, and I know I was jealous.” Paul thought about his own words. He knew what he had felt, and he couldn’t figure out a way to elegantly defend his actions.

“I’m not even going to waste my time on that one, you’ve totally fancied her since you were both eight years old, but you know she plays you like a puppy; trouble is, I can’t figure out if she really likes you or not. With you it’s obvious.” Brian leaned back pausing to take a long drink from his silver can of beer. The fire’s heat felt so good warming his frozen face.

Brian was always the smart one at school, and Paul couldn’t understand why he hadn’t used his talents and his good grades to head for a successful career in the city. “Yes, I was trying to be persistent like you suggested.”

“Then you admit it - you’re an idiot around this girl,” Brian smiled, and swigged from his can.

“You win, you’ve successfully proven that I like women and that one in particular, and what about you my fine educated friend? You don't seem to talk much about who you fancy.” Paul provoked a reaction.

“Come on Paul, there’s not much to chase in Autumn.”

“There’s gotta be someone.”

“Yeah right, like I’m going to tell you, so you can rush in like a bull in a china shop and help me.”

Paul tipped the rim of the can of beer to his lips, “No, come on now, tell me straight up, and I swear I won’t interfere or help.” Paul crossed his heart with his near empty beer can. Brian drank the last of the contents from his can and walked over to the tent, he opened the canvas flap and retrieved another can. He carefully stored the empty can inside the tent and walked back to the warmth of the fire. Paul stared at the dancing flames and watched the embers rise, flicker like a firefly, and extinguish in the cold night air. Raising his eyes to meet Brian’s, Paul tried to look serious, “The suspense is killing me!” moaned Paul.

Brian fumbled with the pull ring located on the top of the can, with cold fingers he managed to open the can, and listened to the noise of the pressurized air escaping. He took a large gulp of the frothy beer and summoned up enough courage to speak, “Jenny Aldridge from the garage on Main Street. There, I’ve said it now, it’s out, fancied her for years, and never had the guts to tell her.” Brian looked down at his muddied boots and waited for the laughter to commence.

Paul leaned inwards towards the fire’s welcoming warmth and watched the dancing flames, “Wow, Jenny.” Brian stared intensely at Paul waiting for some stupid remark. Paul could see the serious look of conviction etched onto Brian’s face. Paul smiled at his friend, he realized that it took real courage and trust, for him to make that statement, and declare his interest, “Jenny’s really cute, good call man, a nice all round package. She’s got brains, class, beauty, and a rocking body. You’ve got to tell her man!”

The two friends talked into the night until Brian could hardly keep awake, “I’m naffed, I’m going over there to take a leak, and then I’m turning in.”

“Yeah me too.”

Brian wobbled over to the edge of the woods and relieved himself. Unsteady upon his feet with his senses suitably dulled from the beer, he thought he saw a subtle shift in the shadows deep within the woods in front of him. He blinked and the darkened scene in front of him looked normal again. He’d thought he’d seen something moving, but it wasn't accompanied by any sound. He shook his head to clear the beer induced fog, zipped up his pants, and headed back to the fire.

Paul was finishing his last can of beer; he followed suit heading to the edge of the bluff intent on peeing over the edge into the rapids of the rushing river below. “Paul no; don't do that, trust me. Go where I went.” Paul gave him a puzzled look. “If you pee down the bluff you’ll scent the entire rock face with an unfamiliar scent. Animals scent their territory around here and the rapids below offer a great fishing ground. The bears come here and they’ll smell your beer-loaded pee from a mile away, we don’t need any unwelcome visitors tonight.” Paul nodded begrudgingly, he needed to pee so badly but he walked to the forest’s edge, and smirked at how clever his friend was. Brian offered one more insight, “Besides, you’re so stupidly drunk, you’d slip on your own pee and roll right over the edge,” he was laughing at his own joke. 

Brian began to stow the guns and bags inside the tent in an orderly manner, he turned his back to the clearing, as he stacked the fire with enough wood to see them through until morning.

Paul unzipped his pants and began to relieve himself, for a split second he thought he saw something move in the forest ahead of him. It was so fast and fleeting, like he never saw anything, perhaps it was a trick of the light. Was it a shadow passing through the woods? His foggy alcohol saturated brain struggled to explain the changing density of the light, he couldn’t make sense of what he thought he’d seen. Paul blinked his eyes, perhaps that would bring into focus the movement; he needed to re-adjust his senses. The moment he blinked his eyes, a large dark mass lunged forward slashing his defenseless body with enormous power, catching him totally unaware. Paul had no time to react, his senses screamed at his body to defend himself. His head was immediately severed from the powerful blow with his chest brutally savaged splattering his blood onto the trunks of nearby trees. The ferocity of the razor like blow meant Paul could not make any sound to warn his friend. As Paul’s body dropped to the ground it made a sound, causing Brian to turn and look over his shoulder, he laughed at his clumsy drunken friend. Thinking his intoxicated friend had stumbled, he turned his head more to see large razor sharp claws strike his face and ravage his vulnerable body. He shouted a loud chilling scream, it would be the last sound he would ever make, but the forest was empty, and his final lament was short, and went unheard. The forest animals had panicked, for they’d long since moved away fearing the strange scent permeating their home. A pack of wolves had already crept silently to the safer lower valley, led by their cautious leader; the bears fearing no creature in the forest, had hid in their caves, or followed the banks of the river to safer territory. No animals heard Brian’s chilling scream, their normal curiosity had long since been overridden by their fear, when their sensitive nostrils had identified the strange scent of an unwelcome predator.

The moon was now high and the crisp, cold air swirled in the eerie silence, the wind had died down and the forest was still. A mighty primal roar echoed through the woods, it came from the top of the bluff, but no one heard it and no creature dared to respond.


* * * * *


Chapter 3: Suspicious Minds.
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District, The Fourth Realm.

"Suspicion is a heavy armor, and with its weight, it impedes more than it protects.”



A few days had passed since that fateful night and no one had heard from the boys. Brian was a sensible lad with a quick brain and a large vocabulary. At an early age he’d secured a job in the accounting department at the mine. He was a model worker, a conscientious, punctual employee, who was fortunate to have a naturally inquisitive mind, and a strong desire for continuous improvement. Brian had impressed his manager sufficiently where he was now being considered for a promotion, his work was exemplary, and he’d cleaned up the accounting practices to a point where the mine had received its first clean audit in years.

Brian’s Father had decided to call the Sheriff late on Sunday night raising the concern that Brian had not come home after his camping trip. Annie had mentioned that she’d seen the two boys pull away on Friday night. The Sheriff was in a drunken stupor on Sunday, unable to answer his phone, or retrieve messages for he was passed out - slumped across his couch holding an empty bottle of whiskey. When Monday morning arrived, Brian did not show up for work, this was highly unusual, and the manager of the mine’s accounting area became concerned. At 11am, the manager received a call from Brian’s Father, inquiring if Brian had made it into work. The situation escalated with another call to the Sheriff and the boy’s absence being reported to mine security. Monday came and went, with no sign of either boy while news had spread across the small community and word of the altercation at the diner was now common knowledge.

Sheriff Kevin Jones directed his police cruiser into the parking lot at Autumn’s diner, it was Wednesday morning at 10am, and his head pounded from the amount of whiskey he’d consumed the night before. The village was abuzz with gossip and innuendo, but the Sheriff knew that Brian had been trained as a survival expert; the boys were probably holed up, drinking beer, and laying low after the altercation. As with most small villages, the story of the altercation had moved through many forms, with each storyteller embellishing details, and adding to a growing tale. The story now described in vivid detail the epic battle that played out in the diner; Kelly’s honor had to be defended against the sheer size of the brutish stranger that attempted to defile a sweet innocent girl from Autumn. Paul was being described as a true hero, a young man who intervened to protect one of Autumn’s daughters; someone had to stand up to this outsider. It was a David and Goliath tale, where Paul was armed with a small penknife against an oversized hunting knife resembling the size of a small sword. The village grew increasingly concerned about the missing boys, and the blanket of suspicion fell upon the muscular stranger staying at the hotel.

Sheriff Jones gripped the steering wheel of his police cruiser, his head pounded as he let out a large sigh; he’d noticed the distinctive markings on the side of the black trucks parked near by. The black shield with its familiar insignia represented the men employed by mine security. Their jurisdiction covered mining company property but these men felt and acted like they owned the entire village. The Sheriff was the law in the village, but his inability to remain sober had provided the mining security group the motivation to expand their reach, and their influence. Brian’s Father had invited the Sheriff to a meeting at the diner, he wanted to coordinate efforts and organize a search party. The Sheriff shook his head at the prospect of a meeting with mining security, they would inevitably take over and act like they were in charge, and he detested that. It reminded him of what a mess he was and how much the village’s people had lost faith in him.

The Sheriff approached the door of the diner; inside the search party had organized the search area into sectors and assigned teams, roles, and responsibilities. Brian’s concerned parents felt relieved that mining security had assigned a crack team to locate one of its valued employees. They suspected Brian would have headed north to one of his favorite spots at Lover’s Leap, Cranberry Hill, the Old Saw Mill, Archers Point or Wolf Run. They told the security team and a plan was devised to search each specified location first. The plan was to search all day until the light faded where they would reconvene at the diner. The Sheriff was asked to stay at the diner and track the progress of the activities, as the security team didn't want him out in the field.

Tom Jantz was the head of mining security, he had a bad feeling in the pit of his stomach, his instincts were telling him that the boys were dead, but his job was to find out for certain, and if necessary, who had done this. Tom had watched the weather closely and his team had been monitoring the transient workers, as they made their way north for the commencement of logging season. There was always a spike in activity around this time, petty thefts, bar brawls, stabbings, and the occasional destruction of property. A few years ago three people went missing in the area causing a minor news sensation and unwanted attention to the village, and the logging trade. Three girls had disappeared and the police were clueless, the missing girls were not classified as mining staff or associated with mining families, but Tom suspected a transient logger was getting his sick kicks before starting a long season. The Village of Autumn was nestled in a remote beautiful place surrounded by dense forest covering rolling hills and home to raging rivers. Its natural beauty kept people there, but it was also just as easy to lose people in the woods, where they’d never be seen, or heard from, again. Tom suspected the killer had hid the bodies of the girls in the vast wilderness, and they have never been located to this day.

If it were a couple of girls that had gone missing, he would have immediately suspected foul play. This one was strange, two young men missing, with one expertly equipped to survive. Perhaps they’d run into trouble, bears, wolves, or something else, like a broken leg or a hunting accident. It didn't add up, and now he definitely suspected foul play, he didn't hold the same optimistic outlook that Brian’s Father demonstrated.

His suspicions were confirmed four hours later, when the boy’s abandoned truck was located at Archer’s Point. Brian’s Father knew the route into the bluff and the location Brian always used when pitching his tent. It wasn’t long before the gruesome discovery was made. Wolves had scavenged the boy’s bodies, but the damage to the bodies upset the hardest of hunters, and mine security workers, shocked at their find. Brian’s Father was physically restrained and the crime scene was quickly cordoned off for detailed analysis. The Wolves had been opportunistic, but an animal far larger, and much stronger had committed the original damage to the boy’s bodies. 

Sheriff Jones arrived to inspect the carnage while trying not to compromise the crime scene. Investigators quickly established the cause of the demise of the two young men; astonishingly the verdict came back as a large animal. Criminal experts were brought in to examine the remains, measure the wounds, and trace the blood spatters, they agreed that a large animal had killed the boys. The shape of the wounds on the flesh, the prints left in the muddy soil, and all of the evidence painted a clear picture of what had happened. The Wolves had come much later, but they had not changed the evidence enough to disguise the sequence of events. The experts all agreed on what had happened, the arguments centered upon what had done this to the boys. It had to be a large animal, but the only creature native to these forests that could cause this type of carnage was a bear. The only issue with this was the torn flesh, the scratch marks, the footprints, and the size of this creature, did not match any bear profile that the experts had ever seen.

To avoid panic the residents of Autumn, and the local press, were told the boys had unwittingly aggravated a large bear, who had turned on the boys. It seemed plausible to most but Brian’s Father couldn’t believe this version of the story. He wasn't allowed to look at the crime scene until the investigators had concluded it was an animal and not a crime committed by humans. Once he was allowed to see his Son’s remains he concluded that there wasn’t much left. The bear story played on in the local newspapers and coffee shops, but there were still a few in Autumn that could not forgive the stranger. Rumors circulated that the stranger had followed the boys to the bluff from the diner; he’d killed them both and was fortunate that a bear, followed by a pack of Wolves, had stumbled across the bodies and covered his tracks.

The stranger kept a low profile within the village, he was acutely aware of the accusations, and he felt the cold distrustful nature of the village’s residents towards him. The hotel staff had changed their demeanor growing cold and distant, his belly rumbled demanding a hearty sized hot meal. He headed towards Autumn’s diner, it would soon be noon, and it would be nice to eat something tasty, and experience a change of scenery. Three days had passed since the boy’s bodies had been found in the woods; a few brave men had set off into the woods to kill the bear. They’d returned empty handed, but mildly satisfied that there actions had addressed their frustration and feelings of helplessness. The anxiety had reached fever pitch, but it now seemed to be subsiding as he sensed the village returning to normal. The mine security guys had demanded to talk with the stranger but the hotel manager had provided an alibi for him the night of the unfortunate massacre, as the stranger had stayed in the packed hotel bar, drinking alone. The diner was no longer acting as the command center, with the Sheriff and the search party long since gone.

As the stranger walked along Main St. approaching the diner, two large men blocked his access leading to the diner’s door. He recognized the matching insignias emblazoned upon their black jackets. The stranger immediately went on the charm offensive, “Good day mine security personnel, how can I help you today?” he said with a beaming smile.

“We’re watching you Mister, we don't want you causing any trouble, and you can’t afford to step out of line one inch, do your hear me?” The two men pushed their shoulders together effectively blocking the way forward.

“Well now, I’m glad you’re watching me, ‘cos that makes me feel a lot safer, as I’ve heard there’s a big bear on the loose.”

“Dave Melanger won’t tell us the name that you used to check-in with at the Grafton Hotel, he says he values his guest’s privacy. He did tell us you paid a deposit in cash, and we know you always pay your diner bills with cash, so it seems like you’re going out of your way to keep your identity unknown, you know, not leaving any physical trace that you were here.”

“Wow that’s good, come up with that yourselves boys? You know that I was here, the whole village knows that I’m here; I’m six foot six inches tall, it’s pretty hard to hide. Besides, I have nothing to hide; perhaps you boys would be better guarding the mine, apparently there’s a big bear up there.” The stranger stepped into the road, rounded the two security men, and entered the diner.

He headed for the same empty booth that he’d occupied that fateful night. The old Indian Chief was sitting in his usual seat, he watched the stranger settle; two elderly ladies whispered to each other while sharing their looks of disapproval, Kelly approached him with some apprehension.

“Coffee?”

“What no smile today? Sure, black coffee please.”

Kelly pushed the menu towards the stranger; she failed to mention the specials, leaving to prepare the coffee. Annie had watched the interaction from the back of the diner, when Kelly approached the kitchen; Annie mouthed the words, “Be nice.”

Kelly delivered his coffee, took his order and delivered his food in a cool, efficient, manner. He was enjoying his meal when two young men burst into the diner and headed for the booth occupied by the Indian Chief - Great Bear. The boys rushed to his side in an excited state, “Tell him, go on tell him what we saw.”

The stranger chewed on his stir-fry dinner, but his ears were trained to the conversation occurring behind him at the old Indian man’s table. “Calm down both of you, you’re making a scene,” the old man scolded the boys in a gentle way, lifting his finger to his lips and signaling to them to dial down the volume with his falling hand. Kelly arrived at the table.

“Hi boys, what’ll it be?” Kelly knew the two boys from school, for they were twin brothers from the Waishee tribe. Kelly flashed a smile, which distracted the boys.

The eldest brother was impatient and wanted to talk with Chief Great Bear, he took control of the proceedings, “Just coffee please, two coffees please Kelly.” Kelly wheeled away to fulfill the order. “We were rounding the corner at Parkson’s Heights, and heading downhill past the old well, then we slowed to turn at the steep corner, and at the side of the road, as clear as day…”

The young man stopped as Kelly approached; she set the two coffees down and let a couple of packets of cream tumble onto the table. “Enjoy,” she said, acutely aware that the boys had stopped talking, and would not resume, until she’d left. As she moved away she smiled to herself, for she knew the younger brother seemed fixated upon her, but hadn’t dared to meet her eyes.

“As clear as day, there he was - a White Wolf! He was big and proud - he didn’t run, and we slowed the truck right down to get a good look at him.” Great Bear leaned in listening intently. The younger twin could not contain himself.

“It was right there, he was real, he was in great shape as his coat shone in the light, and he was larger than most wolves. It’s not a legend, the White Wolf exists uncle, we saw him as plain as day, and you have to believe us. He stood his ground and looked right at us. Even though we were inside the truck, headlights on, he was not afraid, he just stood at the side of the road, and he was majestic, spiritual, and proud. We saw him, both of us!”

Great Bear raised his cup to his mouth and sipped his cold coffee, his eyes narrowed as he weighed the expressions of the excited twins. They were telling the truth, and he felt a nervous shiver shoot down his spine, “I believe you boys, I was about your age when I saw the White Wolf, and I know he exists. I don't need to tell you what this means, and I don't want to talk about this here. Finish your coffee now, then go home and never mention this to anyone, I’ll discuss this with the tribal elders, and we’ll decide what to do. You boys have been blessed; few have been lucky enough to see this majestic creature. Remember, you’ll never get a chance to randomly see the White Wolf, it decides when it will show itself, and there’s usually a good reason why it does. Drink your coffee and warm up.”

It was Annie who eventually cleared the coffee mugs away and continued to serve the stranger by refreshing his coffee, and clearing his meal away. He was ready to pay as the Indian twins left the diner with Chief Great Bear. Annie brought the bill, “Where did Kelly disappear to? I miss her cheery smile,” he said sarcastically.

Annie stopped in her tracks and turned to face the stranger, “Listen Mister, this is a small village and we all know each other around here, we try to be polite and friendly, but we’ve been burned before in this community. We’re leery of strangers like you, transient workers passing through - I know you didn’t have anything to do with those boys the other night, and I saw what happened in here. Paul was bang out of order, and you stopped short of giving him what he deserved - I think you’re an honorable man, but you can’t blame the girl for what she feels. She doesn’t trust strangers and why would she? Pretty girls have a tendency to go missing around these parts, especially at this time of year with people casually passing through. Annie smiled sarcastically and pushed the bill closer to him, suggesting he pay and leave.

Kelly had been in the back for the last fifteen minutes, she’d changed from her striped diner uniform into a costume. The stranger stood preparing to leave, as Kelly emerged from the back, “What do you think?’ she inquired of Annie. The tall stranger stared at the pretty girl before him, Kelly was wearing a long silky black wig with tan colored autumn fall leaves woven into the wig like a crown. She’d expertly changed her appearance with the use of a smoldering orange eye shadow, thick black mascara, black eyeliner, and blood red lipstick. Large balls of entwined twigs swung from her ears, and a delicate silver band hung loosely from her neck. She wore an off the shoulder cream colored gown, delicately cinched at her small waist by an orange belt. She balanced steadily upon high heels and oozed a quiet confidence, like a model from the front page of a high fashion magazine. Annie’s mouth hung open. The stranger stopped and stared, besotted with her beauty, “I’m going to be the best Autumn Princess ever.” Kelly took a quick glance along the aisle of the diner, she caught the tall stranger standing and gawping at her. She looked absolutely beautiful; it was a shame Paul couldn’t have see her dressed as this year’s Autumn Princess. Kelly’s short temper started to emerge, “I’m not dressed like this for your amusement, haven’t you somewhere you need to be?”

Annie tugged at her hand, “Kelly,” she scolded.

The stranger turned quickly and left the diner, “He’s a creep,” said Kelly, watching the door to the diner close.

Annie tugged her hand again; “I’m closing up in about an hour, and I’ll join you over at the Church, OK?”

Every year the Village of Autumn re-enacted it’s favorite fable. The villagers would gather at the Church hall and watch the legend of the Autumn Princess. It was every village girl’s dream to play the Princess, and you were not allowed to perform this role for more than four years in a row. This was Kelly’s first year, she was so excited, and she would try to make her parents proud with her performance. The short play symbolized the harmonious relationship the village has enjoyed with its surroundings and the bountiful gifts the land continues to offer the village. The villagers give thanks for what they have, and rejoice in another bountiful year for it is a time of joy and mutual support. This year would be difficult without Brian and Paul, but the village was strong willed, and decided to proceed with their tradition. Kelly was sad but she decided that she would dedicate her performance to Paul and Brian. It was time that she needed to make her way over to the Church, but she would need to drive the short distance before the play would commence. 

After the conclusion of the play and the post show celebration she would drive home to change, before she would drive back to the Church hall, where the younger inhabitants of the village would hold a dance. It was a bit lame, but she wouldn’t miss her chance to be congratulated as the best Autumn Princess yet, and she’d heard that Taylor was coming to the dance. Kelly scurried out of the diner causing Annie to smile; she recalled the time her sister Amy, had played the Autumn Princess and how excited she had been.


* * * * *


Chapter 4: Autumn Princess.
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District, The Fourth Realm.

“Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.”



Kelly was flooded with a feeling of relief, for she’d managed to perform flawlessly in the village’s Autumn play, she’d been a huge success, remembering her lines and graciously accepting the standing ovation offered to the cast from the appreciative crowd. Afterwards, she had floated through the crowd with the utmost grace, accepting the congratulations and flattering comments in a way that she’d seen many times in her dreams. It was a magical afternoon where her hard work had paid off, and she’d impressed her parents, the audience, and a special young man named Taylor, who sat mesmerized in the third row, transfixed by her beauty. Kelly had tried to locate Taylor within the audience, but it wasn’t until the final scene that their eyes had met for a fleeting second, and she nearly fluffed her line, as her heart skipped. Taylor had circulated within the reception area after the play, but Kelly had been inundated with well wishers and excited audience members, she’d not been able to speak with Taylor, but she’d caught him staring at her twice from across the room. 

The time had come for Kelly to leave the reception and change into her new blue dress, if Taylor was a little shy now then wait until he saw Kelly in her figure hugging dress with matching high heels. The Autumn Princess was a great look, but a little impractical for her to attend the party at night, she wanted to dance and convince Taylor that he should make her his girl. Kelly faced a fifteen-minute drive home, she’d allowed forty minutes to change her dress and her makeup; it would be tight, but if she hustled she would make it. Her plan was to return to the village and attend the after party, which she knew would go late into the night. As Kelly slipped into the driver’s seat of her new truck a leaf fell from her costume and nestled upon the gravel in the church parking lot. 

Kelly was still lost in the play, the adulation and applause, the admiring looks, and the desire burning in Taylor’s eyes. A woman knows when the hook is in, she can see a difference in how a man acts, sounds, talks and walks. When he’s fallen but hasn’t yet realized, it is the most special time, the most perfect time, when all of your senses are alive and tingling with anticipation. Kelly was floating on air; she’d felt this special feeling and couldn’t wait to make her entrance wearing the sexy dress she’d bought months earlier. Her mind raced as she rehearsed what she would say, what words she would use, and how she would say them to Taylor upon their first meeting, how could she sound sophisticated, sexy and irresistible?

She placed her truck into reverse and moved her heeled foot from the brake to the accelerator, in a split second she thought she saw movement in her mirrors, catching a blur in the view from her rear window. Instinctively she stomped on the brake, sending the truck into a hard stop, and thrusting her lower back hard into her seat, causing her head to hit the restraint. She frantically scanned her rear mirror, followed by her side mirror, to see if she’d hit anyone or anything. The shape of a tall man appeared to her right through her side window, he was dressed in black with a hood covering his head and his face, she blinked her eyes and bringing into focus the shape before her. It was the stranger from the diner, turning his head to stare at her through the passenger window where he connected her eyes briefly with his annoyed stare, before hurrying away into the shadows as the approaching darkness started to close in on the Village of Autumn.

Shaken and annoyed with her lack of concentration, Kelly thrust her palms forwards banging her steering wheel in a display of frustration, causing the whole truck to shake. She glanced out of the passenger window but she was alone now, the stranger had gone. “Damn it Kelly, get your head out of the clouds and focus,” she scolded herself, as she often did when she was irritated with her own behavior. The drive home was uneventful as she drove with extra caution taking note of the fading light, and the slickness of the dark road surface due to an earlier sprinkling of rain. She pulled up to the driveway of her small rented house on the outskirts of the village; the driveway was not long, but it cut a path through dense trees. Kelly navigated the short narrow drive, before it opened up into a circular area in front of her house that she used to turn and park her truck. It was dark approaching the house, the truck’s headlights and a small outside house lamp affixed to the wall of the house, offered the only source of illumination.

Surrounding the small house was dense woodland forest offering protection for the creatures that lived within, it made Kelly nervous, and she usually hurried inside. She positioned her truck as close to her door as possible, and turned the engine and the truck’s lights off. She sat for a second and surveyed the darkened clearing. She glanced at the truck’s dashboard, as the illuminated clock informed her she was already five minutes behind her planned schedule. Kelly took a deep breath; she reached for the truck’s door handle and gave it a firm pull while pushing the door open with her elbow. Kelly stepped out of the truck and noticed something moving in the darkness to her right, she heard grunting sounds and a loud guttural noise emanating from just beyond the tree line. It frightened her so much that she remained motionless in the spot where she had stepped from the truck. She gripped her purse containing her house key while she weighed up her options; should she confront or run? The sound came again, this time it sounded comical, a deep wrenching sound that reminded her of a teenage boy being sick on too much alcohol.

This was clearly a joke designed to spook her, and the boys were probably having a good laugh at her expense, as she quivered at the side of the truck. Now she was getting angry, this type of prank wasn’t funny at all, and she was in too much of a hurry to take this seriously. Kelly faced the noise and yelled into the darkened woods, “So you think this is funny huh? This is how you sick little boys get your kicks, well I hope the beast that’s out there comes after you, while you hide in the woods and frighten people ... idiots!”

Kelly felt better as she rummaged through her purse looking for her house keys. Kelly heard another grunt and managed to raise her chin to the unexpected sight that lay ahead of her. Tree limbs started to shake and the sound of rustling undergrowth held her rigid and rooted with fear. Her legs felt like steel poles and her heart started to pound as her eyes adjusted to the darkness. She could see a dark rounded shape start to emerge from the brush, moving towards her from the shadows. Kelly’s eyes widened as her mind struggled to paint the picture evolving before her. This was not a childish prank, a large fur covered mass emerged from the darkness, Kelly instinctively moved backwards, but was blocked by the side of the truck. She could see powerful front legs covered in a dark thick matted fur connected to large rounded shoulders supporting a thick muscular neck. The head of the animal was long and pointed, it had large powerful jaws like a Bear, but its snout was longer, and its sheer size meant this was not a Bear. Kelly gasped as the animal snorted and approached, what should she do, run?

She had always been told to avoid eye contact, make no sudden movements, and calmly walk away in a non-threatening way. Her heart was pounding so hard she could hear blood racing through her ears, her breathing was loud and shallow, and she felt sick and faint, too weak to run. She glanced quickly at the approaching animal, it was close and she decided to calmly walk towards her house entrance, and safety. Kelly had turned her body slightly, she’d managed to take two steps before the beast lunged forward swiping savagely with its powerful front paws. The blow landed on the intersection of Kelly’s neck and shoulder, it knocked her to the ground and opening a deep fatal wound instantly. She fell to the ground and the beast took advantage of her vulnerable, defenseless, position. It was so quick, the kill was over in a matter of seconds, but the beast dealt Kelly a couple more blows before savagely attacking her throat with its powerful jaws. Warm blood dripped from its mouth as it licked the scent from its blood-covered nose. Within seconds of the attack the beast was gone, leaving the most beautiful Autumn Princess ravaged and lying in a pool of her own blood.

Taylor Reeves was disappointed that night; he’d waited for Kelly to return to the Church hall dance. Kelly had looked so sweet, so beautiful; that he couldn’t resist staring at her, for he was certain that he’d caught her eye. Perhaps she was tired after the play. He knew she wouldn't be working because the diner had been closed for the night. Perhaps she already had a boyfriend and was out having fun, while he waited for her, “Loser,” he said under his breath shaking his head. It wasn’t until the following morning that Kelly’s body was discovered.

Annie had raised the alarm the following morning as Kelly had failed to arrive for work; Annie had become worried about her employee and friend. Sheriff Jones stopped to pick up a coffee from the diner before he made the short drive out to Kelly’s house. He was hoping to find a simple explanation for her absence from work. What he found sent chills down his spine, placing images into his mind that prevented him from completing a good night’s sleep for a week. Kelly’s body had remained intact, it was in better condition than the two boys, but a large animal had brutalized her where deep claw scratches were still visible and she’d suffered puncturing bite marks. What a way for such a sweet girl to meet her end, but the Sheriff was suspicious, could this be a clever convenient way, to cover up the tracks of a serial killer? Perhaps there was a psycho out there, killing for the thrill of it, and what better way to cover his tracks by making it look like some large predatory beast had mauled these victims.

Autumn was a small village where word spread quickly, the general store ran out of ammunition, and guns were flying off the shelves. This incident happened too close to the village, spreading fear and panic across its inhabitants. When Charlie Smythe started to share his observations, the night of the killing, the village’s gossip machine kicked into high gear. Charlie had seen Kelly enter her truck, and almost reverse into the stranger at the rear of the church parking lot. The stranger had been angry, waving his fist, and raising his voice at her, through her truck’s window; Charlie implied anger as a motive on the night Kelly was murdered. While the fanciful story had not been validated, and the connection to the actual murder was tenuous, this story seemed to resonate with the villagers, and they seemed to like it and believe in it. In a small village, rumor can become fact quickly, and the innocent stranger was quickly vilified using the weapons of fear and ignorance. The stranger could feel the rising tensions, the sideways glances, Mothers protecting their children in his presence, and the cold reception he would receive in this normally hospitable village. The whole atmosphere of the village changed to a chilly, anxious, fear induced place.

The stranger was hungry and the only place that would serve him was Autumn’s diner. He entered the diner and scanned the booths; it contained some familiar faces and new ones. The old Indian Chief was ever present, as were the two gossiping ladies, but the diner was fuller than he’d ever seen it. He walked towards the kitchen looking for an empty booth when he was met in the aisle by Annie, armed with a fresh steaming pot of coffee, she smiled, and waved him to a booth at the back, near the kitchen entrance. Like the olden days in a tense western saloon from a cowboy movie, the buzz of casual conversation had stopped and an eerie silence descended upon the diner, as people watched the stranger enter, and take his position at the back booth. Once seated, the conversation resumed, followed by guilty glances, and the occasional head turn. Annie approached the stranger’s table as he flipped back his black hood, to reveal his disheveled appearance.

“Coffee?” inquired Annie with a smile.

The last booth at the back of the diner was probably the most private booth, and the most difficult to observe from the rest of the diner. The stranger nodded, glancing down at his empty coffee cup. Annie started to pour the black steaming coffee from her glass pot before sliding into the empty seat across from the stranger. “You OK with me being here?” the stranger inquired, keeping his eyes on the steaming coffee.

He lifted his eyes to meet Annie’s stare, “I know you didn’t do it, but I’m the only one in this village that feels this way. Tell me I’m not wrong. I saw how you looked at Kelly the other night; it was the same way that I looked at her. She looked cute, naïve, like an excited little kid, I could see that in your eyes, in your expression, you thought she looked nice.”

The stranger leaned in and whispered, “I didn’t do it Annie - I didn't do anything. Kelly and those boys, it wasn’t me. I liked the kid, she was cute and young, but I wouldn’t harm her, that's not me.”

Annie stared at him hard, trying to penetrate his eyes, and reach deep down into his soul, searching for the truth. Tears welled in her eyes, as she thought of poor Kelly’s infectious smile and captivating laugh. “More coffee over here Annie love, please…” Annie turned her head.

“I’ll be back for your order, but I’m a little busy today, short staffed.” Her voice trailed off where she struggled to hold it together. Annie took the pot and attended to the needy customer. Folded and lying at the side of the table was a previously read, dog-eared, newspaper. The stranger reached for it flattening out its pages across the table in front of him. The Northern Light newspaper reported the news around the local area; it covered the comings and goings, weddings, births, deaths, and anything of local interest. The existence of a murderous beast, or serial killer, was big news, and this little paper was not going to let this opportunity slip by. The headline screamed, ‘AUTUMN’S RAVAGE,’ in reference to the three inhabitants brutally savaged. The village of Autumn had seen something similar to this many years ago, but the old wounds from those memories were being re-opened by these recent events. The article walked through the possibilities, a rogue Bear, a murderous serial killer on the loose, characterized as the inevitable transient logger having his sadistic fun, or a heinous village person, familiar with the terrain and the people. The article played upon all of the villager’s fears, including the beast living among us. No wonder the residents of the village were on edge, casting suspicious glances at everyone, even a neighbor, if they felt they deserved it. His eyes fell upon the dark printed headline, ‘AUTUMN’S RAVAGE,’ as he caught movement in his narrowed eyes. Annie had returned.

She sat at his booth looking at the newspaper, “It’s the same headline they used the last time this happened, people around here will recognize the significance of that headline, when those poor girls went missing the last time,” Annie shook her head, “the people around here still refer to that time as Autumn’s Ravage, and I think it was this newspaper that started this horrible term.” Her voice was shaky, when she paused waiting for a response, but nothing was offered. There was an awkward moment of silence before Annie regained control, “So you want me to take your order or what?”

The stranger lifted his chin slightly, “Shepherd’s Pie please - Annie do people around here seriously think I ripped those poor people apart?”

Annie paused, weighing the magnitude of the question, “Yes. Yes they do, and you haven’t won them over with your sparkling personality, have you?” Annie turned away and walked towards the kitchen to place the order.

Greg Welch entered the diner looking for Annie; he was a fit man just shy of sixty years of age with a shock of white hair. Greg was the village pastor and had performed blessings on the bodies of Kelly and the two boys. He was angry and upset at the waste of young life and firmly believed a Bear had not caused the devastation seen on these young bodies. Greg came to the back of the diner where he saw the stranger holding his coffee cup with both hands; was he the one? The villagers certainly thought he was. Annie returned from the kitchen and saw the pastor standing in the aisle with a large pile of flyers. “Hi Annie, can I leave a few of these with you? It’s about time we stood up to this and demanded some answers, some assurance.”

Annie looked at the familiar flyers, it reminded her of many years ago when a similar route was taken by the villagers. The flyers announced a meeting at the Church hall tomorrow night, to discuss the recent tragedies and to understand the course of action being taken. Greg would invite the Sheriff, and everyone hoped he would be sober and coherent. The security team from the mine would be there, and the Church hall would be packed with interested onlookers; some would remain quiet and observe, while others would be angry, demanding, and outspoken. The Sheriff would be on the hot seat, and the mine security team will ask probing questions that may be difficult to answer.

Annie smiled politely, “Sure Pastor Greg, I’ll put a couple of flyers up around the diner, I’m positive it’ll be a full house.”

“Thanks Annie,” the pastor handed over some flyers before leaving to distribute the rest.

The next day the parking lot in front of the Church hall was a busy place with cars jostling for a spot, and people filing into the hall expecting answers. Pastor Greg had enlisted help from the men at mining security, they seemed to be manning the door, and ushering people inside in an orderly manner. Sheriff Jones was already inside the hall pacing at the front of the stage like an annoyed caged animal. The quiet buzz of expectation filled the hall as the stranger approached the entrance, “Where do you think you’re going?” said a bulky man with his arm outstretched blocking the entrance. The tall stranger sized up the man wearing a black shirt matching a dozen more black shirts inside. Mine security was out in force today - so he smiled.

“I was wondering, like the rest of this village, what was going on, and what was being done about it.”

“Well, I guess you can just keep wondering, this is for locals only, get it?” Three sturdy looking guys wearing black shirts quickly appeared behind the man in the door well. The stranger smiled, nodded and turned away. 

“I hate that guy,” said the man backing up his colleague in the door well, “don’t let him in and don’t let him return.”

When the doors closed the gloves came off, and the meeting turned prickly very quickly. Sheriff Jones was on the hot seat as Pastor Greg tried to keep it civil and the mine security guys kept the peace. “Can you at least tell us if it’s a Bear or a person killing these kids,” James Johnston’s question was directed at the nervous looking Sheriff, and met with overwhelming applause.

The Sheriff had not drunk in two days, he knew he had to be alert and on the top of his game, if he were to keep his job through these events. “I believed it to be a Bear…,” he was not allowed to finish.

“Believed, that suggests you’ve changed your mind.” A middle-aged fiery red head shot the question at the stumbling Sheriff, unable to operate at this speed.

“We’ve employed an expert who’s measured the bite marks and the wounds.” The Sheriff paused considering his next words carefully. “The evidence suggests that it’s not a Bear,” the room gasped, “it’s far larger than a Bear, perhaps two times larger.” This fell upon the audience in a hard way; they couldn’t comprehend what the normally drunken Sheriff was trying to tell them. A small man with a blue coat, situated at the back of the hall, rose to ask his question, “What animal from around these parts is significantly larger than a Bear?”

The question was directed at the Sheriff, with all eyes trained upon him, they waited expectantly for the answer. Chief Great Bear, the wily old Indian, stared at the floor vacantly, but strained to hear the answer. He knew the correct answer, but was not about to share his wisdom with a room full of people uneducated in the old ways of his tribe.

The Sheriff looked at the man with the blue coat, and with outstretched hands, and a shrug of his shoulders, reluctantly replied the only way he knew how, “I really don't know.”

A slim blonde haired woman rose during the ensuing noise, howling emanating from the crowd - her blonde hair was immaculately groomed; her cream blouse and white pearls, added a touch of class to the proceedings. The crowd fell silent out of respect, for the elegant lady was Brian’s Mother, who wanted answers, “My Son has died a horrible death, can you tell me with some certainty that an animal did that to him, and not some perverted drifter?” She remained standing as she finished the question everyone wanted to ask. The Sheriff stepped forward to answer but was quickly dismissed by a wave of her hand, “I want to hear from an expert, not the village Sheriff, no offence.”

A short, slimly built man, dressed in a black shirt, rose calmly from his seat, and walked towards the stage where he took hold of a microphone. “Good evening Mrs. Brennerman, my name’s Thomas Ivon, and I work for the parent company of the mine. I was asked to inspect the bodies and attend the meeting today. There is absolutely no doubt that all three of the victims were killed by the same animal, and in my expert opinion, there is no doubt in my mind that they were indeed attacked and killed by a very large animal. The victim’s wounds are all similar and consistent, but there is a mystery. I can’t categorically identify the animal from any of the measurements and hair samples that I’ve taken, and I’ve seen attacks on our workers from every type of predator, bear, wolf, dog, mountain lion, puma, all types of killers and scavengers, but never like this. You see these poor people, your Son ma’am,” he said respectfully, “were not killed for food, they were killed for sport and no other reason.” The hall burst into life with an outraged roar, with people pointing and waving their fists at the slim framed grey haired man. Thomas walked to the front of the stage, where the Sheriff took this opportunity to sit down, and let this man receive the brunt of the crowd’s frustration. “As far as I can see, this is an uncategorized animal, we’ve never seen or come across this before; this animal is very big and very powerful.”

Tom Jantz watched a large, powerfully built miner rise from his chair silently, all eyes fell upon the gentle giant. “What makes us safe now? What about our families, our children, fellow workers? Will this animal strike again? What about Autumn’s Ravage?” His questions were met with approval as the crowd burst into unanimous applause demanding an answer.

The crowd was starting to get visibly agitated but the Sheriff was totally ineffective. Tom Jantz was a commanding man with great presence and respect in the community; his black security shirt was freshly pressed, which fit his toned body with precision, “I think what Thomas is trying to say, is a message we don't want to hear. This is not a random drifter, killing people and covering his tracks to make it look like an animal, this is a different type of Autumn’s Ravage,” silence fell across the hall. “Our village is under attack, we’re being ravaged, but this is different.” Tom moved away from the side wall and closer to the crowd, “This is not a who done it, this is a what done it!” He stared at the room in a defiant way, inviting a question, or a response; nothing was offered.

Thomas couldn’t stand the awkward silence, and the palpable tension in the air, “The animal that did this is still out there, we need to find it and kill it, before it does this again.”

Brian’s Mother had taken her seat and sat down, resuming her crouched position. The man in the blue coat, spurred on by malt whiskey rose to ask another question, “So what is the Sheriff and you lot,” he said pointing at the black shirts, “doing to kill this beast?”

The Sheriff panicked and threw a desperate glance towards Tom Jantz. Tom approached the stage in a cool, deliberate, and assured manner of a confident leader. Tom’s black shirted staff watched the crowd, they needed calming and the Sheriff needed an answer to spare his inept blushes. Tom took a deep breath, “You deserve the best, and the citizens of this resilient village deserve the best solution we can offer, our expert here, Thomas, believes it was an animal, admittedly it is a beast of an animal, larger than we have ever seen. Who knows what type of animal these thick dense woods is capable of hiding. Clearly there are things out there that we don't know about, but I can tell you one thing, it’s picked the wrong village to mess with. If it's a beast then it needs to be hunted, located, and exterminated. I’m a security guy, and I know when you need a job doing right, you go and get the best person for the job.” Tom straightened his back to appear taller, he knew he had the crowd on his side but now he needed to sell them on the plan. “Some of you are mighty fine hunters, moose, deer, elk, fox, wolf, and even bear, but it’s different when you’re hunting something you’ve never seen before. We need to call in the specialists. The mine always looks after the Village of Autumn, and we’d like your permission to call in the finest hunters in the land, professional hunters, Barnes & Colder, from the big city.”

Tom waited for the crowd’s reaction, a few shouted “Yes,” some punched the air, and a steady round of applause echoed around the hall. The Sheriff smiled at the crowd, trying to act as if he knew about the solution in advance, and was part of the decision. Tom smiled and nodded to the appreciative crowd, as the black shirts prolonged the applause. Tom spoke above the noise, “It’s settled then, the mine will hire Barnes & Colder to kill this beast, and we will stop Autumn’s Ravage.” It was a popular solution, but a few in the crowd remained unconvinced; in their minds, the hooded stranger was the most likely cause of the deaths, and not some large fictitious beast. The meeting lasted for another forty-five minutes with a few more people brave enough to ask meaningless questions. The Sheriff continued to hide, while on full display to the village’s critical gaze. This was not his finest hour, and he came across as weak and incompetent. If this were a political debate then Tom Jantz, the head of mine security, would have won hands down, he was self assured, confident, in control, and seemed to have all the right answers. After the meeting, it was firmly established that Tom Jantz was running this village, and the congregation gathered at the Church hall were relieved that he was there. When the meeting petered out, and people started to stream away, the crowd seemed happy with the actions taken and the decisions made.


* * * * *


The Fifth Realm - Earth


Chapter 5: Reading is for Freaks.
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014.

“Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.”


It was cool and crisp as the sun rounded the clouds to make a welcome appearance in the morning sky. Dan glanced over his shoulder, for he knew the door to his house would inevitably slam shut. He could hear his Mother’s scolding tone reverberate through his head, because she’d told him countless times to hold onto the door handle, or the whole house would shake, when door slammed shut - it really got on her nerves. He’d meant to close it carefully, but this morning he was in way too much of a rush, and Dan needed to get to school early. He wasn’t a keener because he didn’t enjoy school that much but he really needed to get inside the school building, to the safety that it provided. Dan lived in the state of New Jersey, U.S.A. He’d moved to this location two months ago after his Mother had finally ditched her controlling and abusive boyfriend. He loved his Mother unconditionally, but she had lousy taste in men, or, as she would say, lousy luck in men. Using the assistance provided by the children’s aid society, she’d managed to relocate them to another part of the country, in the hope of escaping this man, and making a new life. Starting at a new school is always tough, but breaking into a tight knit community school, where everyone seems to know each other, or was somehow related, was even tougher.

From the first day Dan was labeled an outsider, he was a quiet shy boy who couldn’t make friends easily, and was considered a loner. He always had a book in his hand, because he enjoyed escaping into other, more exotic, worlds. Dan loved to read, an activity that is sadly classified in today’s world as being squarely in the realm of a geek, uncool, and considered just plain weird. Other kids would pick on him, teasing him relentlessly they would try to take his book away from him and throw it in the garbage, or worse still, destroy it. Dan learned to sneak away into vacant classrooms or the relative safety of common rooms, which were patrolled by teachers. The walk to school was short, at a brisk pace he could get to the school gates in sixteen minutes.

At the half way point he would pass a row of storage buildings, this was the difficult part of the route that left him exposed. He couldn’t avoid it, but it afforded the bullies an opportunity to hide between the small buildings and generally get into trouble. Some used this area to smoke cigarettes but generally they would hang out and harass kids on their way to school. Dan had been teased relentlessly; he was called a weirdo and a freak, and one kid, Brian Betchley, had taken an instant dislike to Dan. Brian was a slow learner, his reading capabilities were weakened, and his progression through the school curriculum had been slow. When Brian saw the new, shy kid, with his face constantly buried in a book, it was akin to waving a red flag in front of a raging bull. Brian decided to charge, and charge he did. Every day Brian would bully Dan, eventually persuading his cronies to join in with the abuse.

Dan had avoided the gang for the last few days by leaving for school early, a ploy that seemed to be working. It was another crisp morning and Dan could feel the strain in his calf muscles as he quickened his pace to a fast walk. He glanced upwards where he saw a flock of small birds, dark against the blue grey sky. They swooped together like one amorphous mass, turning, darting, and diving together. They reminded Dan of Moby Dick, and a large whale gliding gracefully through the water. The birds were majestic, hypnotic, and a welcome distraction. Life can be an interesting experience - just when you marvel at its beauty, it can present you with an ugly contrast. When Dan returned his eyes from their upward gaze, he was confronted by the contorted face of Brian Betchley, complete with four of his misguided friends

“Well now what do we have here lads? Looks like freak-boy here is leaving earlier, to try to avoid our morning chat.” Brian grabbed Dan roughly by the hair slamming him into a brick wall - face first. The warm feeling of blood trickled over his chin from a cut sustained under his lip. “But I so enjoy our morning meetings, by the way freak-boy, if you know what’s good for you, you’ll tell the school you tripped and fell,” he said pointing to his injured face. “I’ll re-arrange your face if that cut of yours comes back to haunt me, understand?”

Dan nodded as his voice deserted him. The boys laughed at the trembling mess before them, a mousey looking kid pushed forward, “What’s he got for lunch today?”

Brian took a while to understand the question, “Well that’s a good question, let’s take a look shall we?” Brian quickly wrestled away Dan’s backpack, and threw it in the direction of the boys. They rifled through Dan’s belongings until they found his lunch, neatly packed by his Mother earlier that morning. Brian had Dan pinned against the wall, while the boys threw his sandwiches onto the floor and stomped upon the brown bread exterior. An apple was thrown over the roof of the storage building, and a chocolate bar was deposited into the pocket of one of the boys, “Guess you’re going hungry today freak-boy.”

The mousey kid tipped the contents of his backpack onto the ground where lying on the top of the contents pile was his book, ‘Call of the Wild,’ by Jack London, proudly embossed in large gold letters across its cover. The mousey kid reached for the book as Dan struggled to retrieve it first. He was pushed firmly into the wall, fighting an inescapable restraint, “What’s that crap?” billowed Brian.

“Some stupid book about a wolf, I think.” 

“It’s not a wolf, it’s a ….” Dan was slammed hard into the wall, and the mousy kid smiled as he gleefully ripped pages from the spine of the book, as he let them race away, carried upon the strong wind. Dan could see printed pages strewn across the street in front of him, with more pages were being removed, liberated by the swirling wind. He watched a page caught in an updraft, behaving in a similar fashion to the flock of birds earlier.

The ripping sound of the book’s fabric spine brought his attention back to his plight, “Only freaks read this type of crap, you hear me?” Dan felt a strong punch land deep within his gut, causing him to double over in pain, it was followed by a slap to the back of the head as the boys ran away in the direction of the school. Lying on the ground, Dan managed to regain his senses and tried to focus his eyes. The street scene before him was predominantly dark grey with asphalt accents. In stark contrast was a bright yellow shape, the shape of a long rain jacket worn by a tall girl standing across the street. She paused as Dan stumbled to his feet, began to collect his belongings and started to re-pack his bag, when he glanced upwards in her direction, she’d gone, disappeared around the corner on her way to school, but she’d seen everything.

Dan wiped his chin, startled to see his red blood smeared across his wet fingers. He was now aware of a stinging sensation from a deep cut below his lower lip, but the wound was not closing to stem the flow of the blood. The gash on his chin remained open enough to concern his teachers who forced Dan to accept that he needed treatment. Four stitches and an ugly, white scar, was the result of his morning’s run in. As Dan received treatment the wheels of justice were turning in the background, for Jenny Smithe had reported the incident when she got to school, she felt sorry for Dan, and had talked to her teacher as soon as she’d stowed her long yellow jacket into her locker. When Dan arrived at school sporting an injury, the teachers were ready and waiting. Jenny had identified the boys responsible, and they would be spoken to, or worse, receive a temporary suspension. The suspension back-fired, as it allowed the boys more time to harass frightened kids on their daily commute to school.

Once Dan’s protective Mother got involved, the situation escalated, after she had discussed the incident with both the principal and Jenny, she came to a swift decision. Dan was pulled from the school and they soon moved to Westtown, PA. Westtown seemed a world away from New Jersey, as people were openly friendly and welcoming. The bullying had given Liz everything she needed to push through a move to a new, safer, environment. She worked quickly to exert pressure upon Children’s Aid, and they moved to a new town to start a new life. Liz liked the vibe of Westtown instantly, it seemed to be a slower pace of life, where people cared for each other, and got to know each other. She and Dan settled in quickly. She expected Dan to raise a fuss about another move, but strangely, he accepted the move without protest. Children’s Aid introduced her to Gyanesh, a kind Indian man from an immigrant family, about to open the biggest gamble of his life. He’d poured his savings into a new business venture, where he’d renovated an old café centrally located on the main street, and turned it into a nice Indian restaurant. The menu was varied and fresh, he felt the people were looking for a change from the normal fried breakfast grill that was so popular. People’s tastes were expanding and there was a large immigrant community who were open to new food options.

The local paper was supportive, taking pictures and writing a nice launch piece, highlighting the menu options and linking Gyanesh to the community. It seemed to work, as a palpable buzz was generated prior to opening day. Curious passersby peered in the window as renovations progressed. Local printers excelled with the new menu, and the business was starting to take shape. Liz was desperate to secure a job; she was a likable person with a pretty face and a warm personality. Liz was also a hard worker for she believed in earning her wage, and never slacking off. The Children’s Aid people had arranged for her to meet with Gyanesh at his new restaurant. She approached the burgundy colored door at 9.57am, just in time for her 10am interview. The chill of the morning air had made her hands cold, as she’d been waiting outside, a few doors down, staring at the door for the last twenty minutes. Her hands were so cold that she decided to rub them together furiously, so they would be warmed for the initial handshake.

As she entered the restaurant she was greeted with the sight of workmen, power tools, sawdust, painters, and noise, “Watch it,” shouted a slim Indian man from across the payments counter. Gyanesh rushed over to greet the pretty woman who entered his fledgling business, “Are you Liz?”

Liz managed a nod of her head, her senses being assaulted by the frenetic action that surrounded them both.

“Good, come with me to the back room, you’ll find it a bit quieter there.”

Gyanesh motioned towards the back of the restaurant, and confidently strode off in that direction. As if attached by a rope, Liz followed dutifully. They entered a small room at the back of the building that contained a desk and an older model laptop; it was setup like a small office. Gyanesh took a chair leaving only one chair open for Liz to choose. She hesitated, but his hand gesture urged her to sit, “So, Audrey must have sent you for the waitress job, yes?”

“Yes,” she affirmed.

“Tell me, have you waited tables before? Do you know the routine?”

Liz was flustered, she needed this job so badly, and she was blowing it with short answers. She needed to engage with this man to show off her friendly personality. She appeared cold and awkward, she needed to warm up quickly for the sake of this interview, “I have plenty of experience, I’m good with customers, and I can learn the cash in, cash out, technology very quickly. I really need this job, and if you give me a trial, I’m sure you’re going to like my work.” Liz smiled, established great eye contact, and sat up straight. Gyanesh leaned back, his posture was relaxed, and she knew she had him at that point. When you get to watch people all day, as part of your job, over the course of many years, you soon learn to pickup their vibe - who’s fighting, who’s cheating, who’s lonely, who’s about to do a runner by leaving the restaurant without paying. It becomes obvious; who’s a big tipper, and who’s struggling to make ends meet. You can tell who’s in love, and who’s fallen out of love. Liz knew that Gyanesh instantly liked her, and was warming up to the idea of her working in his restaurant. He explained his philosophy, and what he was trying to achieve with his new business. In many ways he was taking a huge gamble. Would this traditional community be open to, and embrace, a new menu option and new tastes? It would certainly help to have a local looking waitress, with an honest face, a friendly attitude, and a local accent. Once the clients had been seated and welcomed, and then they could feel comfortable to experiment with new tastes delivered by an assortment of new spicy foods. This would be essential to the successful launch of the business. Once people got a taste of the food, Gyanesh was confident they would like it, and return. He would turn them into advocates through great food, accompanied by great service, at a reasonable price.

Liz was warming to Gyanesh also, for he seemed nice, honest, and hard working, “I would need you to start in a week. Saturday is our opening day, but Friday will be our training day, and a dry run for family and friends. Can you start Friday?”

Liz managed to blurt out a relieved “Yes,” she could not hide her smile. Gyanesh smiled back, as he thrust out a hand towards her.

“Then welcome aboard,” he said, as Liz shook his hand gratefully.

Gyanesh rose from his seat abruptly, “Bindi, come here quickly!” he shouted in an excited way.

A slim, petite, Indian lady, dressed in an exquisite green silk sari, arrived at the door to the small office. “Gyanesh, why do you shout so, I’m only down the hall?”

“Bindi, I would like you to meet Liz Proctor, Liz has agreed to be our waitress, and will start on Friday.” Bindi smiled as she sized Liz up, “Oh, I’m sorry, where are my manners. Bindi is my wife, and will be running this place with her normal efficiency.” 

Bindi pulled a playful face at Gyanesh, she extended a hand, “I’m pleased to meet you Liz Proctor, and I’m looking forward to seeing you work with the customers.” There was a slight hesitation in her voice, it hinted to Liz that Bindi was not quite sold on her, and needed to see her in action.

Liz shook her hand warmly, and confidently, “Thank you. I’m very experienced, and love working with people. Gyanesh has explained his vision, and the priorities for this new business. I know he expects superior, courteous service, and I’ll not let you down.”

“Good we’re counting on you, why don't we see how it goes in the first two weeks, and we’ll have a chat then, OK?”

This wasn’t as positive as her interaction with Gyanesh. This one was more business like, more calculating, she wouldn’t be persuaded with a pretty smile. Liz knew she had to learn the menu, the systems, and the routine quickly. Her tableside manner would need to be impeccable for her to get this job. Bindi’s shoulders dropped, and for just a second, she seemed to relax. Bindi turned to her husband.

She stared at him coldly and spoke in Hindi, “She’s a very pretty women, slim and fit. She should be able to wait tables quickly, and she has a grace about her, and a nice looking smile for a local - yes?”

“Yes,” agreed Gyanesh.

They continued in Hindi, “She’ll be good for the customers, but not so good for my husband if he’s distracted, understood?”

Gyanesh looked at Liz, the stern warning settling into his deep brown eyes, “Understood,” he said, desperately hoping she would change the subject.

Bindi reverted to English, “Good. Talk to Liz about the salary, the hours, and how we deal with the tips. Let’s make sure we all know the rules, and there’s no mis-understandings.” Bindi smiled at them both, before shuffling off to supervise the workers. 

“She’s really nice, she just wants everything to go well,” Gyanesh explained. He spent the next twenty minutes detailing how the restaurant worked and the potential for her to earn some good tip money. 

When Friday arrived Liz was early. It started with a training session, but the systems, order entry screens, cash, and card systems, were all modern and very simple to use. She took a menu home to study the dishes, and asked for a couple of pronunciation tips. It was relatively simple and she felt confident. She tried to focus, but her mind wandered to Dan; where would they live? She had worked the system to find him a local school, and it would be better if this job had more certainty, but she would work hard, and make sure she made it through her evaluation period. Bindi would be convinced of her value.

Liz respected Bindi, having a woman like that, paying attention to all of the important details, boded well for the business, and she needed some stability. If it were her business, she would act in the same manner.

Dan was not currently enrolled in any school, for arrangements had been made for him to drop out of the New Jersey school, so he wouldn’t be bullied any more. The new school had accepted him, but he wouldn’t be able to attend for another week. Liz had patiently explained her predicament to Dan, where he needed to stay at a Children’s Aid shelter for a week, two at the most. He seemed calm when she’d told him, but she guessed he’d thought it was better than having to face Brian Betchley. Liz was patient in her explanation, and she’d selected the right moment and concentrated on using a calm voice. Her strategy had worked, soliciting the calm reaction of understanding, and support that she’d hoped for. Dan knew that his Mother would try everything in her power to make this shot at a new life work. He knew it would eat away at her, knowing he was in a shelter and far away from her. He also knew that two weeks was probably going to be longer than first sold. He tried to hide his anguish and concern, shelters and group homes were a hard place to survive, but he would have to manage. Dan recognized that his Mother needed support at this time, and he knew that she was trying her best and near to a breaking point.

Liz didn’t receive a formal education although she’d never given it much thought, and she’d never really regretted dropping out of high school early, until recently; she examined her motivation to leave school, enticed by the lure of quick money to be earned in the service industries. She realized her decision was shortsighted, but her decision and her circumstances meant she needed to be self-sufficient from an early age. Dan knew his Mother would do anything she could within her means, to secure a stable job, find him a good school and provide a safe place to live. To achieve all of this, within the next two weeks, would be a stretch for the most qualified and connected of person. Liz knew nobody locally and Dan felt like he was a definite handicap, he was determined to make the best of this situation. He knew he could be a royal pain in the butt, so he needed to support his Mother. He would do the best he could to get by and not complain. He needed to remain positive and calm, and wait patiently for his Mother to sort things out and get situated.


* * * * *


Chapter 6: A Mother’s Love
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“Mothers are the necessity of invention.”


The new Indian restaurant opened with the right amount of local fanfare. Gyanesh and Bindi were pleased with the response from the local press, and the verdict delivered by the local food critics. This eclectic group is normally biased and a little closed-minded, but the food critics raved about the food, the variety, the ambience and the service! Liz was especially pleased about the service comments and hoped it would be enough to ease some of Bindi’s initial concerns. Gyanesh had been busy preparing the meals in the kitchen, with Bindi welcoming the patrons and seating them efficiently, she’d watched the operation running while paying attention to every last detail. Liz made a point of being punctual for the first night’s opening; she arrived early and would stay late, to help the owners with the cleanup and close out routines. Bindi was never warm to Liz, but she had a professional way about her that Liz had come to respect; Liz felt she could make it work. She’d easily adapted to the job and was becoming quite knowledgeable about the menu, the food, and the combinations. She’d devised a way to suggest to the customers combinations of dishes where they would order alcohol with their meals, this would elevate the bill amount, and of course, the tip. At the end of the week Bindi had praised her efforts, and she received a much needed pay cheque, with an envelope containing some extra cash representing her share of the tips.

Most of her money was consumed by the rent she was paying for the motel room close to her work. In her off hours she would scour the local newspaper looking for a more suitable place to rent. It would need to be within walking distance of her work, but she soon realized the available selection was slim, for that area of town commanded a rent rate she could ill afford. Bindi had named the restaurant “The Spice of Rajasthan” and thankfully, it seemed to be off to a good start. Liz was hoping to get some words of encouragement about her job and her performance, where she would feel more comfortable sourcing a place to rent, but Bindi was sticking to her original two-week evaluation period. Liz felt reluctant to commit to any landlord, without knowing that she had a secure job to cover the rent. She was starting to feel that she would need to break her promise to Dan, and it was breaking her heart. What could she say to him? How would he take it?

At the restaurant, occasionally there would be food left over in the kitchen at the end of the day. Bindi knew that Liz was just managing to scrape by financially. When Bindi became comfortable with Liz, she would offer the unserved left over food to Liz to take home, “It’s good that you can try these menu items, so that you can honestly answer the customers questions.” Liz would smile gratefully, but both women knew it was charity - Liz would accept gracefully. By the second week, Gyanesh was sneaking un-ordered, freshly cooked, food items into her take home bag. Each night, Liz would graciously thank him pretending not to notice, she would not reject the food for she desperately needed the help. She felt guilty that this was eating into the profits of the business and worked even harder to help out with additional duties. 

It was Thursday of the second week and Liz felt sad. She would not keep the promise she made to her son even though she’d made a good start in her new job, she still couldn’t get a good read Bindi’s decision. Would she get to keep her job? She felt tears start to well up in her eyes and decided to run for the back door; Liz was embarrassed to be seen like this. Bindi heard the sniffles coming from the back and suspected the worse as she pushed her way through the heavy steel door, “Liz, are you okay? Did Gyanesh say something to upset you?”

Liz was horrified, “No, no,” she said hurriedly, wiping away her tears, “Gyanesh has been wonderful. I’m not upset because of your husband.” Bindi sat next to Liz, both women now seated, in silence, upon the cold concrete step. 

“Tell me about your problems, perhaps we can solve them together,” Liz peered into Bindi’s large brown eyes. She was genuine, warm and caring, it was obvious that Bindi was really trying to help. Liz opened up, as she talked about the rough start to life that Dan had experienced, and she described the bullying combined with his foster home experience. Liz explained to Bindi the promise she’d made to Dan, and how she would feel breaking that promise and letting him down. She couldn’t hold back her tears.

“It’s okay, you’re a good Mother, you work hard, and you try to do the best you can for your family, I admire that. Indian women are the same,” she said smiling.

Liz raised her eyes and studied Bindi’s face carefully. It really looked like she meant it; she was not patronizing her. She managed a half smile, “Thanks, that means a lot. He’s a good kid, I just wish I could give him more.”

“He has a lot already, a Mother that loves him, and will fight for him. Some kids don’t have that you know.”

“I guess you’re right,” Liz had stopped crying, for she suddenly realized she was doing everything she possibly could. 

“I like you Liz, and you know that this restaurant,” Bindi stopped in mid sentence to wave her hand at the building behind her, “this business, well, it’s everything to us. We have to make it work, we’re in too deep to turn back now. It’ll make or break us financially, and quite frankly, as a couple also. That’s why I’ve been so strict with you; I wanted to make sure we hired the right person. No offense, but anyone can serve tables,” Liz stiffened visibly as the ultimate truth was delivered expertly, “but we weren’t looking for a waitress, we wanted an ambassador, a person that extended the experience and philosophy, that we’re trying to create here.” Liz diverted her gaze to the stained concrete below her. She knew at that moment that she was either going to get this job or be released. “I like you Liz, I like your attitude, and your work ethic. I think you’re honest and hard working, but what’s more important is that you get what we are trying to achieve here, that’s why I’m comfortable offering you this job full time.”

Without thinking Liz lunged forward wrapping her slender arms around Bindi and hugging her tightly, “Oh thank you, thank you. You’ll not regret this,” Bindi had thrown her a lifeline. She needed this badly, and she’d worked very hard to listen and pay attention to what was required of her. She released Bindi from her relieved hug and stared into her eyes. She mouthed the words, “Thank you,” but no sound would escape from her lips.

Liz started to cry again, but this time it was different. It was a feeling of relief, and yes, possibly a small amount of happiness. Bindi smiled, as she reached out and held Liz’s hand. It was a gesture to tell her to stay and they would continue their chat. “I have a proposal for you to consider, one which makes sense, and I think you’ll like. Liz raised her chin in anticipation. Bindi had a glint in her eye; she was about to deliver the words that could radically change Liz’s fortunes. She waited, enjoying the look of expectant anticipation washing across her pretty face. “I think I have a way for you to keep your promise. Above the store we have two small apartments, the one that faces the main street is the nicest, for it gets the morning sun, and Gyanesh’s Grandfather lives in that one. He’s from the old country and totally lost over here in the States. His English is poor, but he’s low maintenance, doesn’t interfere with our business, and has been exceptionally kind to us when we first started out as a couple. He reads a lot and still has a sharp mind. He’s a bit wobbly on his feet and walks with a cane.” Bindi could see the look of confusion crawling across Liz’s face as she tried to reconcile how this old relative could help her keep her promise to Dan. “I’m rambling on, let me get straight to the point. The other apartment is smaller and faces the shade, but it’s available. I would make the rent very reasonable and you could make it comfortable. There’s a small room that you could make into a second bedroom for Dan. Your commute to work would be a small flight of stairs, which would be handy for the both of us. I wanted to see if you worked out before I offered you this option. If you’re not interested, I would fully understand.”

Liz shuffled nervously; “No, No,” she said raising her hand, “of course I’m interested. Providing I can afford the rent - it sounds ideal.”

“On the evening shifts, if it made you feel better, Dan could visit across the hallway with Raj. Raj could keep an eye on him while you work and he would make sure Dan is safe from any trouble. I’m sure Raj would appreciate the company. Being supervised by an adult, and so close to you when you’re at work, can only help in your argument to get him back, no?”

Liz couldn’t dispute the appeal of having Dan so close. If it started to get slow in the restaurant, she could actually pop upstairs and check in on him quickly. “If I can afford this, it would be wonderful.”

Bindi smiled, “The apartment comes with a small kitchen and bathroom, it’s not opulent, but I’m sure you can make it cozy, and it’s safe. There’s a separate entrance, so you can come and go as you please. Oh and one more thing, the school is right around the corner, a ten minute walk.”

Liz felt her heart soar with hope, “Can we make this work out? You know how much I earn.”

Bindi squeezed her hand, “We’ll make it work; you’re part of our family now.”

Family, that sounded good to Liz, for she’d never been part of a family before, but she liked how this sounded and how it was beginning to feel. A wave of relief rushed through her, and she burst into tears again - tears of joy. “I’m really looking forward to my meeting with the Children’s Aid counselor tomorrow, can I tell her that I have a job, and a place to live definitely?”

“Sort of,” Bindi responded with a mischievous smile.

“Sort of,” repeated Liz with her heart pounding?

“Well, normally before you decide to live in a place you go and check it out, don't you?” Bindi pulled Liz’s hand, motioning her to stand as the two ladies went to inspect the apartment. 

Liz loved the place. It was traditional, with ceiling moldings, hard wood floors, and warm red brick walls. A couple of worn rugs were supporting a tired looking couch. The apartment was furnished, but it didn't look like a home. There were no personal touches, no touch that a woman would bring.

“Gyanesh has been using this place as an office while the work crews ripped the restaurant apart. He’d sleep here sometimes, when he needed to make sure they stayed to complete the work on time. As you know, it came down to the wire, and you have to ride these guys constantly. The furniture’s not great, but in time you can bring in your own or replace them immediately.”

Liz remained silent until she’d walked through every room. She inspected the apartment but she tried to feel the vibe by imagining her and Dan living there. Did it feel right to her? She trusted her intuition above all else. Her heart was floating as she turned to an anxious Bindi, “What about Gyanesh?”

“My husband makes certain decisions. He decides how the restaurant is to look, what the menu should contain, and he has total control over that part of the business because he’s damn good at what he does. When it comes to the business side of the business, keeping the books, dealing with our suppliers, and renting the apartment, that’s what I’m good at, and it’s my decision. Besides, I’ve already told him that’s what we’re going to do and he’s agreed,” she said with a beaming smile.

Returning the smile, Liz simply said, “It’s perfect.”

A day later Liz was signing Dan’s release documents and handing over copies of her rental agreement to the counselor at the Children’s Aid society. She’d met her conditions of release. Bindi had furnished Liz with an official letter confirming her employment at The Spice of Rajasthan. The counselor was a portly woman with a booming voice; she inspected the documentation thoroughly, “So you got the job then?”

“Yes,” nodded Liz.

“And you found an apartment above the restaurant?”

“Yes.”

“How convenient. So if I wanted to visit you, in say a week or so, you could let me have a look at the place?”

Liz stiffened up, “Is that normal?”

The portly counselor fidgeted and leaned uncomfortably close to Liz, she paused for a brief moment and began to talk in a stern manner, “We wouldn’t want to put Dan in harm’s way now would we? Restaurants can be busy places, with lots of people coming and going. Not to mention the hot stove, sharp knives in the kitchen, and dangers that a professional cooking environment can pose.”

Liz’s face dropped. The bright smile she’d been wearing all day faded quickly. She’d moved too quickly, she hadn’t thought about the dangers. Strangers and grease fires flashed through her mind. A voice surged upwards through her body like a coiled snake rising, ‘Say something, quickly,’ she thought.

“The restaurant is new and modern, it’s state of the art. The kitchen is brand new with high-end equipment, the owners have spared no expense, and I’ve participated in their nightly cleanup routines. Gyanesh conducts a safety check each night, and the kitchen has all of the safety features required to recently pass a state inspection. The apartment is not connected to the restaurant - it has a separate entrance and exit. It has a sturdy door and is alarmed with the restaurant’s monitored security system, and in many ways it’s better than most apartments. We share a complex with Gyanesh’s Grandfather, who lives in the apartment across the hall. This is another reason why Gyanesh will ensure the safety of the inhabitants that live above his business. I’m very happy with this arrangement and I’ll be working downstairs while my son is being supervised by Raj, Gyanesh’s Grandfather. Most single Mothers would kill for this type of arrangement.”

Liz was in survival mode, a Mother fighting for her Son. She’d raised her voice and unwittingly leaned forward to match the aggressive posture the counselor had adopted. The counselor leaned backwards, like a large cat backing away from an unwanted fight, “It sounds good, and so you wouldn’t mind if I visited you both in a weeks time then?”

Liz picked up on the word ‘both.’ If she played her cards right, and kept cool, she could be going home with Dan - going home together, “That’s fine with me, you’ll have to come between my work shifts.” Liz immediately regretted her words, why did she say that, it was stupid.

The counselor cracked a half smile, “We’ll arrange a suitable time. Dan will need to be supervised by an adult while you are away working, until the age of sixteen. That’s a condition of his release and I’m assuming I can arrange this validation visit by contacting you at the restaurant number?”

“That would be fine,” said Liz, without the consent of Gyanesh or Bindi.

“By the way, I was meaning to ask you a question about Dan. How did he get that scar under his lip?”

Liz’s inner voice ripped through her body as she talked to herself, ‘Remain clam, she’s just trying to get a rise out of you.’ Liz took a deep breath and steadied herself, “The reason we moved here to Westtown was to escape the bullies that preyed on Dan at his previous school. One of those bullies was responsible for the beating he received, and the scar was a result from that. It’s all in the files I’m sure. There was a witness; a little girl that I spoke with personally. That's when I decided to get Dan out of that toxic environment, to start a new life. Like I said, it should all be in the files.”

“Oh, I’m sure that's what it says,” drawled the counselor trying to make it sound like there was more to the story. Liz forced a smile then signed the release papers presented to her, and before she knew it, she was waiting in a small, dull looking room, as they went to collect Dan. Dan charged into the room dropping his large gym bag bulging with hastily packed clothes and launched himself into his waiting Mother’s relieved arms.

“You came, you really came!” Dan was close to tears. Dan liked to portray himself as detached, solemn, and vacant, but this was a defense mechanism. He wasn't a particularly big or athletic kid, fortunate to be armed with a physique to protect himself. The reality was so far from the façade; he was a high energy, happy, intelligent and engaged kid, full of life, and brimming with gratitude for the simple pleasures. He hugged his Mother tightly; squeezing her as if to prove to himself that she was real. 

“I promised I would. Wait until you see our new home, its right above where I work. We’re finally getting our act together kiddo!”

Liz’s affectionate nickname for Dan was ‘kiddo,’ she used this often when she felt happy and relaxed. Today he’d never been more proud of his Mother, for she’d delivered upon her promise and managed to win him back. He knew what an accomplishment that was and how hard she’d had to fight for him, he knew delivering upon that promise wasn't easy. The time Dan spent at the group home had dragged on, and he was more than ready to leave. The kids had been cool, they’d been nice, left him alone when he wanted solitude, and he’d felt safe. He’d managed to read a couple of books and escaped into adventures and lands far away. He’d followed instructions given to him by the staff and tried to keep a low profile, it was his way of existing, blending in, but he’d dreaded the inevitable disappointment of this day, and in an effort to prepare - he’d played it through in his mind. 

It was a very slim chance to expect his Mother to secure a job and find a place to live all within two weeks. He’d rehearsed his lines for this difficult conversation and he knew she would feel devastated and ripped apart with guilt, so he’d planned some careful phrases, designed to make her feel better and reassure her of his faith in their new life. Today’s positive news surpassed his wildest dreams, and he quickly forgot his well-rehearsed lines, as he held on tightly to his Mother’s arms.

She pushed him away, lowered her eyes to his height, and stared at his happy face for a second, “We’re getting out of here kiddo, let’s go home. Pickup your bag, we need to leave before they change their minds,” she said smiling, with a cheeky wink.

Dan didn’t need to be told twice, in one swift movement he’d swooped his bag from the floor and was heading out of the room. 


* * * * *


Chapter 7: The Dream Cane
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.”


Dan skipped along the sidewalk dragging his large heavy gym bag behind him, he looked like a young spring rabbit tethered to a large, heavy, steel ball. When they arrived at the restaurant’s large picture window, he skipped right past it, realizing that his Mother had come to an abrupt halt; he turned to understand why she was no longer following him. She smiled and playfully pointed at the large glass window. Dan ran back dragging his bag behind him, “Is this the place?”

“Yup, this is it kiddo. Are you ready for a tour?” There was a small opening at the side of the restaurant’s window that led to an entrance elevated by a dark stone step. The entrance concealed a large burgundy door. At the side of the door was a weathered steel box housing a speaker with two black protruding buttons. The buttons were adorned with white plastic writing, ‘2A’ was written on the top button, ‘2B’ on the bottom button. “This is our button, you simply need to press this when you don't have a key on you. I will hear it ring upstairs, and I can talk to you through this speaker, and I can open the door. Got it?”

Dan looked at his Mother with the blank expression of disbelief, “I’m fourteen years old Mum, and I watch movies! I think I know how to operate one of these antique things.” Dan was fourteen, but you wouldn’t describe him as a street-smart kid with an old head on his shoulders.

“So you’ve seen these things before, I get it, but I just wanted to make sure you knew how it worked. Let’s go inside.” Liz inserted the brass key and pushed the heavy door open, it led to a small, square entrance, and a narrow set of wooden stairs with a smooth wooden handrail. Dan bounded up the stairs as if his heavy bag were made from the lightest of cotton wool. He stopped at the top before dropping his bag. ‘2B’ glowed in a brilliant white set against the dark colored paint of the door; Liz used a different key and gently opened the door to their new life. Dan leapt inside rushing forward into the new apartment, and his new home, he dropped the bag inches within the door well and proceeded to explore every room. He didn't remember to ask where he would be sleeping, at the time he didn't care. He would’ve slept on the floor if he had to, as long as they were together. 

Dan couldn’t believe his eyes when he finally made his way around to the second, smaller, bedroom. He stopped suddenly, taking in the scene before him. He felt a presence behind him and turned to see his Mother smiling at him, “You like?” All Dan could do was nod, “You finally have your own room. I know it's not that big but …”

“It’s perfect,” interrupted Dan.

“What do you think of the rest of the apartment?”

“It feels like home,” he said, flopping down on his bed.

Liz smiled, “Yeah, we’ve finally got a home. The furniture is a bit old, but we’ll make do for now. I’ll have this place looking better in a day or two.”

“Mum, it’s great, just great,” gushed Dan.

Using her foot, Liz pushed the discarded gym bag into Dan’s new room and motioned for him to come out. “Join me in the living room,” she patted the couch. Dan sat, sinking into the worn cushions. “We’re renting this place from the people who own the restaurant below, they’re my new employers. We have to treat this place with respect and be careful with it. No leaving taps running or the stove on, you hear me?”

Dan knew his Mother was serious, for she didn't break eye contact, “I understand Mum.”

“Good, I’m counting on you.” Two small, dull colored, brass keys held together by a silver ring protruded from her raised hand, “These are yours, please don't lose them.” Dan reached forward and held the keys, “My next shift starts at four and goes through till eleven. What you have to understand, is that I wouldn’t have been able to get you back with me, if I had to leave you at home, alone for hours on end, while I worked. Do you get that?”

Dan thought hard, “No, not really.”

Liz breathed deeply, hoping she had enough patience; “I have to work to earn money, it pays for food and rent, so we can live here, but I can’t leave you alone at night; unattended is what they call it. You can’t come with me to the restaurant, so I have no choice. If you want to live here with me, then I don't want any fuss about what I’m going to say. Gyanesh is the nice man who gave me the job downstairs; he runs the restaurant with his wife Bindi. Gyanesh’s Grandfather is called Raj, and he lives next door in apartment ‘2A’. When I’m working the late shift, you’ll need to come home from school, get changed, have your dinner here with me and then go and visit Raj. On weekends, you’ll go to Raj’s place for my evening shift, and wait for me to come and pick you up, when my shift ends.” Liz could see the brewing panic deep within Dan’s eyes, “I’ll only be downstairs, and I’ll come upstairs and check in on you throughout the evening, to make sure that you’re alright. It’s going to be fine, I promise. You can read a book or watch TV or do your homework, you two will be best buddies.”

Dan didn't like the idea, but he was smart enough to realize that she had no other options, and this was the only way she could get him back. “I’m just glad to be with you,” he said.

“Don't get too comfy though because next week, you’ll soon start at your new school. I called this morning and they told me that you’ve been accepted and you could start mid-year. They were extra accommodating because of our special circumstances.” Dan pulled a face; “I have a good feeling about this place, everyone’s been so nice.”

Adults are always nice to begin with, but kids can be cruel right from the start. It’s always hard breaking in to a new school, this would be no different, but he needed to do it. He wouldn’t allow himself to undo all of his Mother’s hard work. For the first time, in a long while, she seemed happy. Her face glowed with optimism and hope, a feeling that had been missing for so long from her life. Dan knew he would have to make this school a success, as he liked the apartment and he didn’t want to move again. “Okay - unpack, and relax for a bit, we have a couple of hours before my shift starts. I’m going to take you over to meet Raj in about ninety minutes, so be ready. I’ll spend a bit of time with you both, but then I’ll need to head down to the restaurant. Dan, listen to me carefully.” Dan snapped his attention back to his Mother, “I know this won’t be easy for you, we’re all having to make adjustments, but I need you to make this work, be nice to the kind old man, you hear me?”

“Sure.” It seemed to Dan like the pressure was mounting to make a lot of things work. Dan was starting to get a little stressed out, as he nodded reassuringly to his Mother, and sought the refuge of his private room. The bed had an unfamiliar odor; it had the faint smell of a man’s fragrance. Dan kicked his shoes off and dumped the contents of his gym bag into a couple of deep wooden drawers contained within a worn wooden cabinet. He stretched out comfortably upon his bed and dived into the latest book he was reading. Dan loved to escape to other places and other worlds; books afforded him that chance. He lived his life vicariously through the characters depicted in the books he read. The latest book to capture Dan’s imagination was a novel with a lead character called Beth. The novel had detailed life in India, which could be useful information when Dan needed to make small talk with Raj, perhaps this would help him relate. His mind wandered to the old man; would he be senile, coherent, intelligent, wise, or clueless? Would he be able to learn from this man, as a wise sage, or would he grow frustrated at his inability to communicate relevant, and interesting information to a fourteen year old? Lost in the book, Dan glanced at the fiery red numbers displayed on the bedside clock; it was almost time to go. He’d managed to finish the book, and thoroughly enjoyed it. A tap at the door caused his tired eyes to widen, “Come in,” he said.

Liz pushed the door gently, “You ready kiddo? We have to get going, I need to introduce you to Raj and get ready to start my shift.”

“I’m ready, just let me grab a sweater.” Dan moved from the bed to retrieve his favorite black woolen sweater from the drawer.

Liz placed a hand on his small shoulder, “You really OK with this? You know I’m trying hard to make a good life for us both.”

Dan smiled sympathetically, he hugged his Mother tightly, “I’m fine, and I know you’re doing what’s best for us both. I’m proud of you Mum and I love you.” It was just what she needed to hear.

They left their apartment and walked across the hallway, Dan could see the door of apartment ‘2A.’ The door was freshly painted in a rich, deep, wine color. Liz approached and pressed the small white button located at the side of the door. The faint sound of a chime could be heard, signaling their arrival. Dan was nervous; butterflies fluttered within his stomach. 

“Come in, the door’s open,” said a faint voice from within.

Liz looked at Dan; they exchanged worried glances before she reached for the handle and gently pushed the door. Liz led the way with Dan staying close behind. They stepped into a larger apartment than their own, into a living room decorated in rich, warm earth tones. A large patterned rug, splashed with vibrant reds, browns, and golds, covered the gleaming wood floor. Two large, comfy, reclining chairs, paired with a matching sofa, surrounded the rug. The apartment was dark, yet accented with a few soft light sources, supplied by elaborately sculptured golden table lamps. The walls were decorated with framed photographs from a long time ago, showing moments of contentment and happiness. In one corner of the room was a large, modern television that stood dark and silent. A large wall was covered in wooden shelving, crammed with an assortment of books. They were neatly arranged, indicating some level of organization and order. Facing the door was Raj, seated in one of the large comfy chairs. The door snapped closed behind them, as Dan peered curiously from behind his Mother’s body.

Raj was a man of small stature, dressed in a beige tunic with dark chocolate colored pants and a shock of ruffled wavy white hair, a grey and white beard, and bushy eyebrows. He had kind, large brown eyes, and weathered skin; he had a few visible moles and some dark skin blemishes that showed his age. He wore large silver rimmed glasses containing thick lenses that were perched low upon his nose. His right hand shook slightly, whilst his left hand grasped an ornate cane. Raj offered a salutation, “Ah visitors, welcome, come in please,” Raj waved a hand, and then struggled to adjust his weight. He tried to stand up from his chair, to formally greet his visitors. He managed to push himself to his feet, using his sturdy cane for support. Raj wobbled initially, but soon steadied himself.

Liz approached and extended a hand; Raj shook it vigorously. Liz talked quickly, her nerves and uncertainty fueling her speed, “Thank you so much for doing this, I hope it’s not too much of an imposition? I’d like to compensate you in some small way.” Dan peered from behind his Mother’s protective body. He was unsure about this and unsure about the man that stood before him.

“Dear lady, it is my utmost pleasure,” said Raj shaking and then releasing Liz’s hand, “I would cherish the time spent to get to know this fine gentleman, and at my advanced age, that alone, is adequate compensation.” Raj’s eyes came to rest upon the shy, impish figure, hiding behind his Mother’s frame. Dan felt the old man’s gaze fall upon him, and for the first time, he made direct eye contact with the man, “And you must be Mr. Dan?”

Dan nodded, unsure of his next move. He wanted to run, but he knew how important this was to his Mother, and their future together. He had to make this work, it wasn't in his nature as he would rather have hid, but he stepped forward from his Mother’s protection emerging into the open, in a show of bravado and courage. He offered his hand boldly, “Hi, I’m Dan.”

Raj approached, still appearing unsteady upon his feet. He took the boy’s little white hand and wrapped it within his large, leathery skinned hand, covered in veins, wrinkles, and brown blemishes. Raj stooped and gently shook Dan’s hand, “It’s my pleasure to meet you Dan - I’m Raj. I’m looking forward to getting to know you.”

Dan glanced at his smiling Mother, “Me too,” spilled from his mouth. This seemed to please his worried Mother immensely, as her body visibly relaxed from her tense state, as she smiled at Raj.

“Well, I think I’ll leave you two men to chat, I have to get downstairs to start my shift, as they’re expecting me. I’ll try to pop up and check in on you during my shift when there’s a slow period, is that alright?”

Raj responded instinctively, “Sure.” 

Dan tried to reassure her, “You don't have to skip off work Mum, I’m sure it’s going to be alright.”

“Me too, but I’m the one who worries, and I’m doing it more for my own peace of mind. Maybe I’ll do this for the first night, and then I’ll stop worrying- OK? My shift is over at 11pm, so I’ll come and get him then.” Raj nodded, “He hasn't started his new school yet, right? So he doesn't have any homework tonight.” Liz nodded in agreement.

Dan started to fidget, he noticed Raj was starting to get unsteady, as he shifted his weight to his other foot clearly needing to sit, “Mum stop worrying and go.”

“You’re right, I don't want to be late; I’ll pop up on my break, when it gets quiet then.” Liz waved sheepishly and slipped out of the door, standing in the hallway she let out a long, heavy, deep sigh. She didn’t know if this was the right thing to do, she felt racked with guilt, but relieved at how well Dan seemed to be handling it. She scurried down the thin wooden stairs on her way to the restaurant and her new job.

In the apartment above the restaurant, stood an old man and a young boy, each unsure of the situation they were facing. They stood and awkwardly sized each other up, the silence was broken by Raj, “Can I get you anything to eat or drink young man?”

“No, I’m good, thanks.”

“Well then, lets take a seat,” Raj waved his hand at an open chair, as he shuffled back to his comfy familiar chair. He fell into its welcoming cushioned support heavily, as his knees gave way under him, refusing to support his small frame further. “Ahh that's good, I’m not as strong as I used to be Dan, and I can tell you getting old is not much fun, but alas, it comes to us all.” 

Dan nodded in agreement, and settled into a cozy oversized chair. The two stared at each other unsure of where to begin. At a loss for words they felt awkward and disconnected without one common thread of a connection. Dan felt it and tried hard with the only line he could muster, a premeditated one, “So I guess you come from India?”

Raj looked at the boy and rubbed his chin thoughtfully, “Indeed. I was born in Patna, a long time ago. Patna is located in the north of India, and slightly to the east. My parents moved me to Delhi when I was a young boy, but I returned to Patna, later in life. Now I find myself here, in the United States of America, with what’s left of my family.”

“You sound like you wished you were back in Patna?”

“You’re a perceptive young man, what’s your story?”

“I’m a kid, I don't have much of a story,” Raj smiled, “I follow my Mum around, my Dad took off when I was a baby, and my Mum has lousy taste in men. She tries to protect me, but I get picked on a lot, ‘cos I’m weird.”

Raj leaned forward intrigued, “Who says your weird?”

“Everyone. Mainly kids at school. I move around a lot so I don't have any friends, and I don't seem to mix well. I’m kind of shy, well, kind of weird really.” That word hurt him; it seemed to be worse that it fell from his own lips.

Raj recognized Dan’s downward shameful glance, the dejected look, and the defeatist tone creeping into his voice. Feeling worthless, valueless, isolated, and adrift, was not a strange concept to him lately. When you look different, sound different, and act different, then you are different, in today’s society, ‘different’ can be really hard to take, and in some circumstances, even dangerous. Raj longed desperately for simpler times, and the long hot peaceful days of Patna; he fit in there in every way. Even today, with all of this modern progress, and the rapid changes sweeping across India, he felt he would still fit in more. “Dan, being shy doesn't make you weird, being ‘different’ makes you weird in some people’s eyes, but the best people in the history of the world were different, and that’s what makes them the best.”

Dan paused to think about Raj’s insightful words, “I get picked on a lot when they catch me reading; I’m quiet and I don't speak up much.”

There was a moment of silence before Raj’s thoughtful response, “Me too.”

Dan raised his eyes and a wide smile broke across his face. Dan moved the focus of his eyes towards the crowded bookshelves, “I can see that, I don't know why but I just love books, they allow me to learn and escape, plus it makes the time fly by.”

When Dan had entered the apartment, Raj had noticed a small white scar running under his bottom lip; the only blemish on a handsome kids face, “How did you get that scar?” Raj inquired pointing to his chin.

Dan rubbed it with his finger, as if to remind him of its existence, “I got beat up on my way to school - that’s why my Mum moved us here.”

Raj nodded, as if to recognize Dan’s pain, “There’s nothing wrong with reading you know, it’s becoming a lost art. I have a lot of time on my hands and that's why I have a lot of books.”

“Do you think I could borrow one? I’ve just finished the book I was reading.”

“Sure, go to the shelves and pick one, you’re welcome to borrow anything that I have.”

Dan approached the wall of books and browsed - he was unsure of his selection. His small fingers caressed the spines of the books, as if trying to absorb their plots. Finally, he selected a book, ‘Jamaica Inn,’ a classic by English writer Daphne du Maurier. He returned to his chair holding the hardback edition, Raj smiled. Dan stared at him and inquired, “Aren’t you going to ask me what I selected?”

“No. You can tell me, but only if you wish to.” Raj leaned forward placing his hands upon the shaft of his wooden cane. It was a beautiful cane made from dark polished wood, the base of the cane had a shining silver tip, wedged into the brightly colored rug, and barely visible. The cane was smooth and the dark wood glistened. At the top of the cane a ring of butterflies were carved into the wood circling the shaft. Below the handle was a bright silver collar engraved with some long forgotten language. A series of words and symbols wrapped around the collar, they appeared dark against the polished silver. Above the collar was a large silver knob, which looked like a brightly polished silver honeycomb. Inset within each honeycomb was a brilliantly colored crimson red polished jewel.

“I’ve just finished reading a novel where some of the plot is set in India. It’s set in Kolkata, West Bengal, I believe.”

They exchanged a mutual smile, “I’ll tell you which book I chose, but only if you promise not to tell me anything about the plot. I hate it when people spoil things without giving the reader a chance to let the story unfold.” Dan let his gaze slip towards the window, he could see the light fading and the autumn leaves racing past carried by the wind; he gripped his selected book harder.

“I know what you mean,” Raj spoke with an assured confidence of an older gentleman. He had the faintest tinge of an Indian accent, and some of the phrases he would use sounded like they were lifted from a book written in another age. “I can promise you, I wouldn’t spoil your enjoyment,” Raj clasped the cane tightly bringing the palms of his hands together.

Dan perched upon the edge of his chair and presented the illustrated cover of his selected book for inspection, “It’s Jamaica Inn.” The book was heavier than Dan had expected and slipped from his fingers crashing to the floor landing at Raj’s feet. “So sorry, I’m always too clumsy.”

As Dan leaned forward to retrieve the wayward book, a small ringing noise caught his attention. He stopped suddenly, frozen in his stooped position, remaining motionless. The ringing noise continued until Dan had quickly located the source. Raj had held his cane pinned between his knees. His hands were resting, palms down upon his thighs, and his eyes were transfixed upon the events unfolding before him. The silver knob that topped the cane had separated, and was floating, spinning wildly, about three inches above the cane - rotating in thin air. The red honeycombs shone like hot coals, sending shards of bright, crimson light, onto the apartment walls, like a 1980’s disco ball. A strange ringing noise accompanied the spinning ball as it levitated well above the cane’s silver collar.

“How’d you do that?” inquired Dan, still maintaining his awkward pose. 

Raj diverted his eyes from the glowing orb and looked at Dan, “I’m not. You are.”

Dan sat on his haunches positioned at Raj’s feet watching the spinning orb. The book remained on the floor with the orb grabbing all of his attention, “I’m not doing anything.” The orb suddenly fell silent and its spinning motion started to slow. The glow within the orb started to subside and it gently floated downwards towards its silver base, resting upon the collar of the carved cane. Raj had not moved, with the cane still pressed between his knees. His palms were still resting upon his thighs. When the orb finally came to rest, a strange noise could be heard. It was the type of noise that could be heard when a vacuum-sealed door is closed - a small hissing sound. Raj’s face was in pure shock. “That was cool!” How did you do that?” questioned Dan, sitting on the rug in front of Raj.

Raj was quiet for a moment, his demeanor had changed, and he looked like his brain was working overtime. He was clearly confused and at a loss for words.

“Did you know your cane could do that?” quizzed Dan impatiently, “Come on Raj, tell me how you did that, that was so cool!” Dan was excited, but he needed answers, his best guess was a magnetic magic trick, but he couldn't figure out the light source.

Raj grasped the ball fixed to the top of his cane, with both hands; he realized how close Dan was to him now, sitting right at his feet. “I don't know where to begin, and I don't know if I should explain this to you. The real reason, if I’m being honest, is I don't know if I can trust you with this knowledge.” Raj looked deeply into the large green eyes staring up at him, and he caught the look of disappointment sweep across the young man’s face.

“Now just a minute, you don’t know if you can trust me? My Mother was forced to leave her fourteen-year-old son with a man she doesn’t know because the children’s aid people said I have to be with an adult until I’m sixteen. I agreed to come here, so she can keep her job and earn a living. This is the only way she can keep us together, so we aren’t separated with me living in a group home. I don't know you at all, and you could be any kind of weirdo, but I have to trust you, I have no choice. So if you want to talk about trust, you should start by asking my Mother and then me.” Dan stared at Raj; he was so close, it was the first time that he’d noticed Raj was missing a tooth in the front of his open mouth. There was a large gap and it was very distracting.

Raj was stunned by the response from this fourteen-year-old boy. Dan’s face had changed from curiosity to defiance. He showed a steely confidence, and maturity far beyond his age, for this kid had been through a lot in his young life; he was a survivor with a fire in his belly and a large heart.

“You’re right, please accept my apologies, I’ll explain what just happened, but it’ll take some time, and I need to start at the beginning for all this to make sense. I’ll need to tell you a story, but it’s not fiction, it’s not a novel, its real. If you’re patient, and don’t interrupt me, then I’ll be happy to explain everything. Once I tell you, there will be no going back, the secret I’ll share with you will bond us together for life. Are you sure you want me to continue, because this is your only chance of going back?”

Dan pretended to think about it, knowing his curiosity had been peaked and his intellect would not allow him to leave a sight like that unexplained, “I’m in, as long as that was not just some lousy magic trick.”

Raj stared at the boy incredulously, “That was not a lame magic trick, and I’m no magician. I’m serious, if we do this, then we’re in this together.”

Dan hadn’t a clue what he was opting in for, but the serious look upon Raj’s face seemed genuine, “OK, tell me the story. You said it was a long one so I’m going to get comfy.” Dan grabbed a cushion from the couch and used it as a pillow for his head, as he stretched out on the floor at Raj’s feet. “OK, I’m ready when you are.”

Raj gripped his cane tightly and took a deep breath, “When I was a little boy growing up in Patna, I enjoyed a simple life, my Grandfather owned a sweet shop, and he made Indian dessert delicacies such as boondi ladoo and kalakand. People would come from miles around to buy his sweet desserts, because they were that good, and he would make them all by hand. The sweets and mini desserts are a family tradition where Indian families would sit and enjoy them after their meals.

One day my parents had to travel, I can’t remember where they were going or even why they had to go. I was about seven years old, so a little younger than you, and my Grandparents were going to look after me for a few days, until my parents returned. I thought it was wonderful; tell me a kid who wouldn't want to live in a sweet shop for a couple of days.” Dan fluffed his pillow and got settled in. “One day after work, my Grandfather came to see me. It was late, and I was almost asleep. It was winter in India, and the evenings were starting to get cool, as I snuggled up tightly covered with thick heavy blankets upon my bed. I could hear my Grandfather coming; he’d finished work for the day and the store was now closed. I could hear a strange clunking sound coming from the wooden floorboards as he planted the silver tipped end of his cane to support his weight. Standing all day long had weakened his knees, and he needed his cane to assist him with his balance. I remember this as if it was yesterday, but it’s a little over seventy years ago now; am I boring you or do you want me to continue?”

“Keep going, sounds like we just got started and we’ve seventy years to cover yet.” 

This was a smart kid, too smart for his own good, “OK. So I heard the tap of his cane approaching when he entered into my bedroom. He sat on my bed and looked at me, and smiled. To this day I’m not sure why he came in, but I think it was because of the cold, and my Grandmother had asked him to check in on me, to see if I needed more blankets. That night something happened that neither of us expected, once he sat down on the edge of my bed a brilliant red light filled the room with dancing flashes, that rotated around the walls and the roof. A whirring noise coupled with the crimson lights woke me from my deep slumber. I saw my Grandfather, and I saw this silver ball that was glowing and rotating, as it floated above my bed. I was scared and confused. It wasn’t until later that I came to fully appreciate what had happened that night. You see this cane selected me, as it has just selected you. The cane is attracted to a certain type of person. Most people are the same; they’re dull and bland inside. When someone is ‘different’ they’re often referred to as weird,” Dan flicked his eyes towards Raj, as if the very mention of that word incensed him. “Let’s talk this through, when someone is ‘different’ they emit a different kind of energy, and they make different choices. They may wear different clothes or choose a different hairstyle, they may laugh too loud or act too quiet, perhaps their mind works too quickly, or they see the funny side of everything. When the masses tend to Zig they seem to …”

“Zag” said Dan, completing the sentence in a knowing way.

“Precisely. They don't, and never will, fit in, for they never make the popular choice, and they often see things that others can’t see. Many can visualize the future, and in their minds, they live in the future. Simple things can consume and fascinate them, yet other complex things come easy to them. These types of people are extremely bright; they’re articulate, but often choose to spend time alone. My Grandfather called them pratibhasali’s, an Indian word for a rare type of being. Unfortunately today, they’re singled out, called weird and made to feel like freaks, because they don't readily conform. It’s a shame, when you look at most of our brilliant people throughout our history, none of them would be described as conformists. Look at Van Gogh, Mozart, Hemingway, Mandela, Gandhi, Wells, etc. These were all considered wacko’s and freaks, criticized and rejected.” Dan shifted his body to face Raj.

“Please tell me your going somewhere with this, if this cane is a weirdo meter then I already know I’m a weirdo, people tell me that every single day of my life.” The anger had subsided from Dan’s voice.

“Patience, I am leading you somewhere with this.” Dan seemed to like the answer and settled back into his pillow. “I’ve never liked the labels that society uses to describe these types of people today. They use mean spirited words like different, special, weird, or freak. These are derogatory words when used in this context, used to label a person because they’re non-conformist, because they make different choices - but if you dig deeper, they’re different in so many ways. They’re wired differently, they see the world differently, and they’re unique. Their bodies vibrate at a different frequency to others, and they exude a different type of energy. I’m probably going on a bit too much, yes?”

“I’m following along, keep going.”

‘Smart kid,’ thought Raj. “You’re far smarter than I was at your age. The cane only reacts in the way that it did when it meets a very specific person. I like to refer to our kind as unique; we’re both very unique. We’re so unique that after my Grandfather passed away I searched for others like myself. I’ve never met anyone uniquely similar in my entire life, until I met you. A few years after the cane selected me, my parents got work assignments in Delhi, and we moved away from Patna. I was forced to put an end to my adventures with my Grandfather; it was very hard for me to move away. I liked growing up in Delhi and settled in quickly, but when I was a teenager we received word of my Grandfather’s failing health. The whole family raced back to Patna, but we were too late. We attended his funeral; my Grandfather was such a unique, honorable man, and we were very close.

When he passed away he left me this ornate cane in his will. The story goes like this, a Maharaja had commissioned it many years ago, and somehow it found its way to Patna. It was passed down from generation to generation, but no one knows for sure how old it is. Once you own the cane, you have to treat it with respect, for I know what this cane is capable of. It can take a lifetime to find someone worthy of keeping this cane, and that’s why I was so shocked when you activated the cane. When I leave this world, the cane has selected you as it’s next owner.” Dan raised his head and glanced at Raj, “My Grandfather left me this cane for a good reason, he knew that I’d managed to activate it, and the cane had chosen me. You see, the cane picks its new owner, and this choice must be respected, but Dan, let me tell you clearly, this is no ordinary cane. The person who commissioned this cane selected the finest of materials. They sourced the hardest of mahogany wood, the most talented carvers, and the purest of silver and …” He placed a drawn out emphasis on the word, ‘and’. “He used the finest quality of red rubies known to man. The rubies were mined in Mysore, in the south of India, each stone meticulously selected because they would only vibrate at a certain frequency. Everything and everybody vibrates, but when the cane comes near an individual with the same exact vibration as the rubies, then the orb starts to glow, and the cane is activated. It’s extremely rare to get an exact match, and you Dan, are an exact vibrational match. The Maharaja could have chosen any available woman, and he could have had many wives, but he was different, a weirdo for his time. He chose to take one wife, and only one wife. He loved her dearly and she worshipped him till the day he died. One day she miscalculated the steep drop of a stone step, and took a tumble within the palace building. She fell down a steep set of steps that led to an inner courtyard. She broke her leg badly, and they didn't know if she would survive such a horrendous fall. The Maharaja was devastated and immediately called for the finest physician in India to reset her bones, and the finest archaka priest to pray for her recovery. After two days the physician reported the joyous news to the Maharaja that his wife would survive. The only trace left remaining from the accident would be a long unsightly scar upon her leg, and a severe limp that would worsen over time.”

“Wow,” said Dan, rubbing his eyes.

“The archaka priest had been summoned from as far away as Srinagar, for he was a special priest. The priest consulted with the Maharaja about the construction of a special walking cane, designed to assist his wife. He patiently explained her deteriorating condition; setting the expectation that she would not be able to do many of the things she’d done prior to the accident. The priest wanted to find a way that they could go on exciting adventures together, despite her injuries. The priest devised a plan and explained it in detail to the Maharaja. Under normal circumstances it would have been impossible to construct a walking cane with such quality, but he was a rich and powerful Maharaja. The priest organized the construction of the cane, to be built to exact specifications. The priest hand selected the crimson rubies, and interviewed and selected each craftsman personally; the wood carver, carpenter, and the silver smith. Each part was made separately so the craftsmen never saw the finished cane. They never knew what they were making or the power that the assembled cane would wield. Once the cane was complete the priest assembled the parts and conducted an ancient ritual.”

Raj stopped his story, triggering Dan’s fullest attention; “You OK?” inquired Dan.

“No, my throat’s dry; could you do me a favor Dan, and get me a glass of water from the kitchen, then I’ll be able to continue, there’s a plate of sandwiches for you on the table, bring them in also.”

Dan leapt to his feet and did as he was asked. He sat crossed legged on the floor munching away on the peanut butter and strawberry jam sandwiches, while waiting for Raj to resume. Raj took a long drink from the glass of water, “Where was I?”

“The priest was about to conduct an ancient ritual,” said Dan, his mouth full of sandwich.

“Ah right, good.” The kid was paying attention; in fact he was hanging on every word. “So the priest asked for the Maharaja and his wife to sit within a circle of Sage. He entered the circle with the cane in his hand and started to explain to why he’d gone to such lengths.” A small knock at the apartment door distracted their attention, as they both looked towards the opening door.

Liz stepped in hurriedly; she absorbed the scene before her. Raj was still sitting in his chair holding onto his cane; Dan was sat at his feet munching on a plate of sandwiches. A book was lying on the floor between the two of them. “I just got a quick break in traffic, so I thought I’d pop up and see how things were going with you two. I’m sorry if I was disturbing something?”

Dan jumped in first. “It’s going good Mum, Raj has tons of books, and he’s loaned me a new book to read. He’s been telling me about the old days in India, and his childhood. It’s pretty fascinating stuff, although it makes you appreciate what we have over here, and how lucky we are today.”

His commentary seemed to hit the mark perfectly; “He’s no bother then?”

Raj played along, “No bother at all,” he said with a large reassuring smile.

Liz felt relieved; the scenarios running through her head had evaporated when she saw the two of them together, recounting the old days, and making a book connection. “Right, well I better get going, in case someone notices I’m gone. Be back around 11pm after my shift,” and with that, she was gone, as abruptly as she’d arrived.

Raj looked at Dan, “The priest was holding the cane and entered a circle of Sage to join the Maharaja and his wife. He was about to explain something.”

“Yes, thanks.” Raj took another sip of water, it only took a few seconds, but they were excruciatingly long for Dan. Raj resumed, “The priest patiently explained that the cane was built to harness the power of their collective energies, and their love for each other. He’d hand picked the crimson colored rubies that would vibrate at the precise frequency of their resonating bodies. During the day, the Maharaja’s wife would be severely crippled by her unfortunate injury, but during the evening, when they entered their private chambers, they’d be transported together to explore new worlds. They could be happy, vibrant, healthy, and together. The priest completed his blessing ritual by smudging the elaborate cane with a piece of burning sage. The couple was asked to jointly hold the cane. The silver orb became energized, fiery, and glowed violently as it did today. In a palace room with no windows, the orb would shine its crimson light, and together they would both be transported to other worlds. Their earthly bodies would simply fall asleep, as they assumed new identities, living through their new, fit and able, bodies. The priest had warned them that their new bodies within these other worlds were mortal.

The natural vibrations of their bodies denoted a pure heart, supported by a strong love. It was rare to find a person with this vibrational frequency, when they are found; the cane is attracted to them, selecting them as its new owner. You could say the cane is programmed to find such a person. If you have this specific vibration, then you will activate the crimson rubies and they will start to vibrate and glow, as they have done countless times before.”

Raj lifted the cane slightly, “It’s called a Dream Cane.” He stopped to stare at Dan; Dan was listening intently. “There’s only one of these in the world and it’s very, very, special, just like you. We have to keep this safe and we have to keep it a secret. Many people, with bad intentions, would kill, lie, steal, and cheat, to study how this thing works. It only works if there are two people - it was engineered that way, and both have to vibrate on the same frequency, the frequency of a pure heart.” Raj pointed to his heart, and then to Dan’s heart, “Yes, we are both weird, special, unique, and pure,” he said, beaming a broad smile. Raj lifted his hand from the cane and gripped it with his legs, “If we both held this cane, then we’d be transported to another world, that's how it works. We can’t choose our adventure, its assigned; the cane makes the choice, it seems to know what we need to learn. Many realms exist outside of this world, realms that we can’t see or touch - but that doesn't mean they don't exist.”

Dan interrupted, “Like a parallel universe theory.”

“Yes - something similar to that. Except these worlds are very different, they have their own rules, and when you’re transported into them, you take on new personas, new bodies, and new capabilities. You’re asked to go on an adventure, but sometimes it’s very dangerous, you understand?

“I get it, so if you get killed on your adventure - you wake up, like its game-over in a video game?”

“No, not exactly my young friend, there are certain rules. If you get killed on your adventure, you never wake up here at home, never. In these other realms your spirit is mortal, which means that you can die. You can accumulate and retain powers gleaned from your completed adventures - but remember you are mortal.”

“That’s like picking up powers between levels in a video game, but you don’t die for real in a video game!”

“Exactly! Except this is real, and I can’t emphasize that enough - you could die! My Grandfather and I went on many missions together, I had to start slow and build up my powers, my experience, and my courage. At first I was too afraid and I didn't want to die. I enjoyed our adventures but eventually my family had to move away. I missed our adventures so much - it broke my heart. I can’t tell you the fun we had, it changed me as a person, and it made me a better man, more fearless and patient. The worlds we saw together were unbelievable. The trick is to find out as quickly as you can, why you have been selected. And what is it you need to do to complete the adventure. Each adventure is unique, as unique as the world you find yourself in. Back here in the real world, here on Earth, if you are awakened from your sleep, whilst on an adventure, then the adventure is over for the night. You can’t do more than one adventure per day, and if you don't finish the mission that you’ve been assigned, then you are returned to exactly the same place, the following day. It’s like pausing an adventure movie and hitting the restart button. I also want to remind you that it’s dangerous to discuss our adventures; no one will understand and they’ll think you’re crazy, weird.” Raj winked at Dan. 

“There’s one last thing that I need to tell you. If someone, or something, is about to wake you here on Earth, crimson butterflies will appear within your adventure, it’s a signal to tell you that whatever you’re doing, wherever you are, it’s about the come to an abrupt end. You’ll be returned to Earth and wake from your sleep normally. To the outside person, it looks as if you have just woken from a deep sleep. It always happens at the most inopportune time! Do you understand all of the rules?”

“Yes, I’ve played video games that are more complicated.” Dan smiled. “I do have a question, what happened to the Maharaja and his wife?”

“They went on many adventures together and they grew stronger, wiser, and more powerful as leaders. They fought battles together, defeated evil forces, found treasure, and visited many realms. They remained deeply in love until eventually he died from old age. It’s said that she never re-married but she did meet a palace entertainer one day, whom accidentally activated the cane. They remained friends for a few years, until she eventually died from a bad fever. She willed her walking cane to the entertainer, and there’s where the story becomes unclear. I know my Grandfather owned the cane, but I don't know where he got it. He willed it to me, as I will leave it to you.”

Dan had polished off the sandwiches, “Cool, so when can we go on our first adventure?”

“Soon, but not tonight. I haven’t gone on a mission since I was a teenager, I’m just as excited as you are, probably more, but trust me; we’ll need more time to do this right, it’s not a video game. Your Mother will return from her shift soon and she would wake us; we won’t have enough time to do our mission justice. When you see me tomorrow we can go on our first mission and visit our first realm. Dan, please remember, if you mention this to anyone, I’ll be forced to credit this to your fanciful imagination. You can’t talk of this to anyone, not even your Mother.”

“Are you kidding? She won’t let me play certain types of video games, never mind let me go on a real life adventure. I’m not going to mess this chance up; I just want to make sure what you’re saying isn’t some fanciful tale. But I know what I saw, the cane reacted to me, there’s no denying that.”

The rest of the evening was spent discussing Raj’s previous missions experienced with his Grandfather. The irony was not lost on Raj, an older gentleman and a young male. The cane was repeating its pattern, except this time he was the older gentleman. The stories were captivating for Dan albeit some of the details were dulled by the passage of time. Raj had not been able to freely discuss his adventures with anyone for a very long time. As he talked about his missions, his memories came flooding back, and his excitement grew. The time slipped away and it wasn’t long before they heard a soft knock at he door, “Come in” Raj said, raising the volume of his voice slightly. Liz opened the apartment door and stepped in. 

“Ready to go kiddo? Mum’s dead tired and my feet are killing me.”

Dan was lying on the rug at Raj’s feet, his head propped with a cushion acting as his pillow. He leapt to his feet and casually tossed the cushion onto the vacant chair. Dan turned to face Raj, “Thanks for the stories Raj. See you tomorrow?”

“You sure will,” Raj turned his head to face Liz, “He was no problem Liz, and I enjoyed having him around, having some company.”

Liz stopped Dan at the door, “Haven’t you forgotten something?” She nodded in the direction of the floor.

Dan followed her eyes, “Oh yes, and thank you.” He scurried to retrieve the book, “Jamaica Inn,” he said, approaching the door for the second time. 

“Come on then. Thanks Raj, see you tomorrow?”

“I’ll be here Liz.”

Liz closed the door to apartment ‘2A’ and ushered her son into their apartment across the hall. Once the door was closed, she turned to face her son. “How was it really?”

Dan wasn’t expecting the question, “It was great Mum, you shouldn’t worry. Raj is a cool guy who loves books and reading. He told me of his life and his time in the old country, India. He’s a really neat guy, I like him, honestly.”

There was a momentary pause, as Liz tried to judge the sincerity of his words. She quickly realized he was serious, “Good, well get ready for bed then, it’s getting late.” Dan moved slowly towards his room, his head was filled with crimson butterflies, and the details shared with him over the course of the night. He’d made a new and exciting friend. He was brimming with anticipation, trying to imagine the nature of the adventures to come. Liz closed the drapes to their apartment and looked down at the street below. During the night it had rained, and the asphalt shone like a calm lake that mirrored the soft yellow streetlights below. Liz absorbed the quiet serenity generously offered by the late hour. It was dark outside with most of the high street shops closed for the night. A faint rumbling of a heavy garbage truck could be heard in the distance, as the stress of the day seemed to ebb away from her tired body. Her mind wandered. She thought about her shift, the sad couple that seemed to be breaking up, and the older couple still very much in love. She thought about Dan and Raj, with Raj sitting in his comfy chair resigned to spending his remaining days in that dark apartment. She felt immense relief that the two of them had hit it off and was thankful that Bindi and Gyanesh seemed to like her. Could she now finally allow herself to feel pleased? A small smile of satisfaction dared to encroach across her face, and she felt herself exhale slowly, as she watched a solitary pigeon pick at the sidewalk below. Her smile soon subsided as her mind moved to the next week and the introduction of Dan to his new school. ‘I hope he fits in,’ she thought, letting the drape close out the night.


* * * * *


Chapter 8: The Dream Cane
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.”


For Dan, the day had dragged on laboriously, and he couldn’t wait for the wall clock to say four o’clock, finally announcing that the time had arrived for him to visit Raj. He’d tried to satisfy his restlessness by diving into his new book, ‘Jamaica Inn,’ but he just couldn’t seem to concentrate. He would start to read, but his mind would wander to the Dream Cane, and the stories he’d heard of the other realms and the exciting prospect of his own adventures. He tried to stay out of his Mother’s way, as his impatience was making him irritable, and it would become obvious that something was bothering him. Liz, in contrast, had a busy day; she needed to resolve some important financial matters with the bank, run some errands, and buy a pair of comfortable flat-heeled shoes for her job. Her feet were sore and painful after all of the walking she does by the end of a long shift. Earlier in the day Dan had taken the opportunity to go outside for a long walk and explore, he decided he would checkout his route to school, and then he bunkered down within his room. It was still a blustery wet Autumn day; Dan hated this type of weather, as it wasn't any good to do much of anything.

Liz had prepared his lunch earlier, so Dan ate alone, as Liz completed her important errands. He was bursting with excitement; should he visit Raj earlier than arranged? Raj was tantalizingly close, sitting and waiting, just across the hall. What should he wear for this adventure? Will they find themselves in the jungle - where it’s steaming hot? What if they landed in a cold place? Would they perhaps find themselves in the middle of winter?

Dan scolded himself, “Don't be silly, we’re not going to just walk into the new realm wearing Nike runners, Levi red-tag jeans, a Philadelphia Flyers sweatshirt, and expect to blend right in!” He concluded that he was fretting over nothing. Raj hadn’t told him what to wear. Perhaps he should try to conceal a large kitchen knife, so that he would be armed. How could he do that without being noticed? Besides, Raj would have kitchen knives!

Dan let out a long exasperated sigh, “I’m definitely over thinking this,” he mumbled under his breath. He placed his chin upon his cupped palms using them to prop up his heavy head while sitting at the dining table. From his current vantage point he could see the wall clock - 3.35pm. In another ten minutes he’d go to his room and change for his visit with Raj. It was then that the irony of the situation struck him. Two days ago he was dreading his impending initial visit with Raj; today he couldn’t wait to get over there. The time continued to drag.

“Dan, are you ready to go?” Liz raised the volume of her voice, sprinkled with a tinge of impatience. She couldn’t be late, so she needed to leave quickly, and it seemed like Dan didn’t share her sense of urgency. To her surprise, Dan opened the door to his room fully dressed, changed, and ready to go.

“Let’s go,” said Dan, already moving towards the door with some haste.

Liz grabbed her keys, purse, and coat, as quickly as she could gather them. She steered Dan by his shoulders, directing him through the opened apartment door. She turned to lock the door while Dan walked towards apartment ‘2B’. Dan knocked gently, waiting to hear the familiar sound of Raj’s accepting voice. He expected a cheery greeting delivered from his comfy chair, but was surprised to see the door start to open. Raj was standing at the entrance waiting to greet the young man, “Come in Dan, nice to see you again.” Raj moved aside, awkwardly grasping at his cane for balance.

Dan seized upon the opportunity to move past Raj and enter the apartment, “Hey, aren’t you going to say goodbye?” Liz pulled a face.

Dan halted his momentum abruptly, “Oh, sorry Mum; I’ll be good, you go to work and don't worry, Raj will look after me.”

Raj smiled reassuringly at Liz, “He’ll be fine, go, don't worry.”

Liz smiled and reached forward to ruffle Dan’s short hair, “You be good kiddo.” She used her strict tone, more for show than for real. She turned and hurried down the stairs on her way to work. Liz didn't stop to turn around; she didn't want to be late.

Raj closed the apartment door and clicked the lock into place, “How are you young man?”

“Good, I’ve been counting down the hours, this afternoon’s dragged on painfully for me, but I’m ready for an adventure.” Dan took the chair next to Raj as he watched Raj’s strained movements to get to his comfy chair. He shifted his weight using his sturdy cane, designed to support his ungainly frame. When Raj settled into his chair he turned to Dan and forced a smile.

“I hate getting old Dan. Let’s give your Mother some time to settle into her shift, then we’ll begin, besides, it’ll also give me some time to educate you on our imminent adventure.” Dan nodded in appreciation, “We won’t know in advance what our mission or our purpose will be; we don't have any choice of which realm the Dream Cane chooses for us, but we’ll always go back to the same realm - until our mission is complete. Each realm is totally different; we’ll meet different people in interesting situations, like picking a random book off the shelf, but the rules are different for each realm, and you have to learn and adapt as you go, do you understand?”

“Not really, but I’ll learn as I go, I suppose.” Dan shrugged his shoulders, and inched closer to Raj who was perching on the edge of the large comfy chair.

“OK. Let me tell you a few things, although it’s been a long time since I’ve managed to enter a realm, some realms feel like Earth, you know, trees and grass, with buildings and people. Some realms are set in the future, with advanced technology and societal values; some are set in the past, with swords, horses, wooden houses and castles. I need to tell you one more shocking thing, and this may really surprise you. When we get to our assigned realm, we probably won’t look much like we do now. We’ll look very different, and we’ll be dressed differently too. To ensure that we blend in with our new surroundings, the Dream Cane will assign us roles, where we’ll be appropriate for the realm. You may be older, and there’s a very good chance that I’ll be younger. Remember the Dream Cane was crafted to strip the Maharaja’s wife of her crippling injuries. We will be totally different people, with a totally different look when we pass over into another realm.”

“That’s cool,” enthused Dan, his eyes twinkling at the possibility.

“What’s also cool, is that you will be gifted with certain skills that you don't possess today, they’ll come with the character that you assume, and when you leave the realm these skills will leave with you, but that's only half of the fun, you’ll see.” Raj had a glint in his eye, clearly excited about the prospect of leaving his aged body behind, if only for a while.

“Sounds good, I can’t wait,” gushed Dan enthusiastically, barely noticing the changed expression upon Raj’s face. Raj flinched in pain, a worried look clouded his eyes, as a sharp jolt of pain shot through his ribs, and bounced around the inside of his rib cage like an errant tennis ball. He doubled over, unable to conceal the pain from Dan. The sharp jabbing sensation soon dulled and gave way to a crushing sensation. Raj felt as if a large anvil was now crushing his chest with some considerable force, and suppressing his ability to breathe. Dan finally noticed Raj’s obvious distress and was shocked at his pale color, and his strained look of distress. “Are you alright?” he inquired, with panic streaking through his voice, “Do you want me to call emergency services?”

Raj waved his hand around feebly, “No. No. Don't call anyone, this isn’t serious, happens all the time.” Raj fell backwards into his comfy recliner, and continued to gasp for air, “Don't be alarmed, it's a case of bad heartburn,” he thumped his chest with his fist, in a gesture meant to convince Dan. “I put way too many spices in my curry for dinner, way too many.” Dan wasn’t buying it, but Raj was insistent, “Get me a glass of water from the kitchen will you?” Dan scurried off to fulfill the request. When he returned, Raj was replacing the lid from a plastic container of small white pills. He tilted his hand and let a pill enter his mouth, as he motioned for the water. Dan offered him the glass, and Raj seemed to gulp at the water greedily, “Thanks, that should calm me down a bit, thanks.”

“You sure you’re OK?” Dan stared at the frail old man before him.

Raj’s entire demeanor had changed, “I said it was heartburn didn’t I, of course I’ll be okay.” Raj stared at his slippers, unable to meet Dan’s skeptical stare. They sat in stunned silence.

Dan broke the awkward silence; “You were talking to me about the different realms, that’s if you’re still feeling up to a mission tonight?”

Raj flashed him a look; he delivered a determined stare, so serious that Dan had not seen Raj act like this before. “It’s OK, we’re going on a mission tonight.” Raj’s lower eyelid twitched with the stress, “OK, this is how it’s going to happen, I’m going to grasp the Dream Cane firmly with both hands, around the top here. I’ll hold onto the carved butterflies, but I want you to slide forward onto the floor, and sit here in front of me.” Raj nodded his head in the direction of the empty space in front of his shins. Dan moved quickly, positioning his body as instructed, “Now listen to me very carefully, in a moment I will ask you to hold onto the Dream Cane with both hands. Our energies will combine and the cane will start to react. The ruby ball will shoot up and start to shine the crimson light into the apartment, it will cause your head to spin a bit; you may feel dizzy, but don’t let go of the Dream Cane. This is really important, whatever you see, whatever you’re feeling, don't’ let go of the cane; you must grip it hard with both hands. Do you understand?” Dan nodded, feeling his throat dry and the ability to form words drifting away from him. “Good, well off we go then. Let me hold the cane first, then I’ll look at you, and you must hold it and don't let go.” Dan responded again with an excited nod.

“And we don't know where we’re going?” asked Dan, feeling suddenly nervous for the first time.

“There are nine realms, Earth is the fifth realm. We could enter any realm, including Earth, but it could also be in the past, present day or the future, for any realm. We don't know ahead of time, that’s part of the fun Dan, we just don’t know. Our goal is to act cool and find out why we’ve been summoned to the realm. We’ll need to figure out what our mission is and why we were sent there, understand?” Dan nodded. “Remember though, when we see crimson butterflies, and we will, it’s time to come home. “OK boy, last chance, when I look at you, grip the cane with both hands and don't let go for anything.” Raj stared at his aged, trembling hands and placed them upon the cane at the top of the shaft. Raj looked at Dan and nodded his head; Dan lunged forward and grabbed the cane as instructed, the orb started to make a sound and began to rise. It glowed, shooting crimson light from its core as the cane started to shake violently. A sharp electrical charge surged through Dan’s hands, and his first instinct was to recoil letting go, but he fought this feeling and gripped the cane tightly.

The cane’s orb was glowing crimson hot, illuminating the room, and shaking the floor of the apartment. Dan glanced at Raj who seemed to be in a trance like state. Dan had the weirdest sensation, like his entire body was folding in on itself and being sucked into a vacuum.


* * * * *


The Fourth Realm - Vianna


Chapter 9: Barnes & Colder.
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District.

“It is because we are all imposters that we endure each other.”


The strange sensation was over in an instant, but the next thing Dan could see, as he squinted to focus his vision, was the sight of a strange man leaning over him, gently tapping his cheeks with the back of his hand, to revive him from his slumber; was it a dream? It felt like a dream.

“Wake up, you have to wake up now,” Raj sounded worried, and it shocked him to hear the panic within his own voice.

A wave of relief swept over him as he saw Dan rub his tired eyes, but something didn’t feel right, “Raj?” Dan shook his head, and blinked his eyes quickly, trying to reconcile the sight before him.

“It’s me Dan, I told you that our bodies would change when we entered a new realm; I like my new look, you should take a look at yourself!” Raj looked completely different, he sported a full beard, his face was taut and tanned, with high cheekbones, a strong jaw line, and piercing green eyes; his body was larger, younger, and stronger.

Shocked at the transformation, Dan glanced at himself in amazement at his own body. He started to smile before staring at Raj, “Wow, I’m big,” he said in a deep voice, slapping his chest with his powerful thick arms.

Dan was well over six feet tall, and dressed from head to toe in black leather, with a large thick belt tied around his narrow waist. He saw leather straps across his chest forming an elaborate harness to hold knives and other weapons, but he marveled at how his new muscular frame felt so strong and powerful. He stared at himself, amazed at the sheer size of his hands and feet, with his forearms bulging with visible veins, and wrapped in leather. Dan’s hair was long, thick, and unruly, but his vision was sharp, focused, and clear. Raj was standing beside him examining the large black canvas bags that lay within the open trunk of a large beige colored car parked nearby. “What’s in the bags?” he inquired.

“Things we’ll need,” Raj enthusiastically unzipped the largest of the bags and glanced inside, “we’ve got weapons. Take note Dan, we should always be aware of the clues that we’re given, this will help us acclimatize and adapt faster; do you understand me? See, take a look at this, I have car keys in my hand, now where the heck did they come from? Look at this car, and tell me what you see,” he said pointing at the beige colored car.

Dan rose to his feet and studied the car as requested, “On the door here, in white lettering, ‘Barnes & Colder’. That’s who we are, I guess?”

“Or who we work for. Check out the glove box, and see if you can find anything useful.” Raj continued his inspection of the contents within the trunk.

Dan opened the passenger door taking a deep breath, the air outside felt clean and pure. He glanced around taking note of his surroundings; it felt like Earth to him, under a grey and blue sky with clouds, wind, trees, roads, and buildings. He bent into the car’s passenger space and emerged in an excited state. “Whoa, look what I found!”

Raj shouted at him, “Stop right there, and don’t move an inch,” he said waving his hand in a downward motion to get his immediate attention. “Put the gun down on the floor gently, and point it away from us both.” Dan stooped slowly, following his instructions; he gently placed the gun on the wet gravel as Raj exhaled loudly. Dan cautiously backed away from the gun, like it was a hissing Cobra about to strike. He stopped and looked at Raj.

Raj moved closer, “This is not a game, and you’ve got a lot to learn. Is the safety on? Is that gun loaded?” Raj shook his head in disbelief, “You can’t be waving a gun around like that, and pointing it in my direction is just asking for trouble; understand?”

Dan nodded, “Yes, I’m sorry.” His excitement was short lived as he tried to redeem himself, “I found this as well.” Dan extended his arm to present a small ivory colored business card inscribed with silver embossed writing that read, ‘Barnes & Colder, Specialist Hunters, Laran City.’

Raj examined the card carefully, “Good work - at least we know what we’re doing now and apparently we’re supposed to be hunting something.” Raj looked around at the immediate vicinity and gesturing with his chin he said, “Let’s get into that hotel, and maybe we can learn what we’re hunting and possibly for who.”

Grab one of these, they’re bleeding heavy,” Raj said motioning to one of the large bags. Raj retrieved the handgun, checking its safety before slamming the passenger door closed. Dan walked to the rear of the car and lifted two of the large heavy bags from the trunk with relative ease; he marveled at his newly acquired strength. Raj moved closer to Dan placing a hand upon his shoulder. Their eyes met and Raj took charge, “The Dream Cane’s placed us in front of this hotel, so we need to go inside and find out what our mission is.” Raj slammed the trunk closed and walked towards the hotel entrance leaving Dan to follow carrying the heavy bags.

The hotel was a building made from a sandy colored stone stained with black streaks from years of pollution, weather, and wear. The front doorway was accentuated by a large stone arch, which protruded from the building making a shelter for the gold colored revolving door. Raj led the way as they both entered the hotel stepping into the reception area. The grey and white speckled floor of smooth marble was spotless and shone brilliantly. Fresh cut Lilies were displayed in a large clear vase supported by an ornately carved dark wooden table placed in the center of a large receiving area. The check in desk looked to be located beyond the flowers as Raj reached back to feel the familiar bulge of a wallet nestled deep within his back pocket. He was relieved to feel the wallet’s shape.

Walking confidently to the reception desk he saw an attractive young blonde lady attending to the counter; she was smartly dressed in a burgundy colored jacket with gold piping around the collar and cuffs, and she greeted them both with a welcoming, wholesome smile, “Welcome to The Grafton Hotel, how can I help you?”

Raj pushed the business card across the polished wood counter with an assured confidence. The young lady seemed flustered, embarrassed, and unsure of her next move; she retrieved the card, and inspected the text from a closer proximity. “Mr. Colder, please excuse me, I should have recognized you instantly; let me get the hotel owner right away, please excuse me, I’ll be right back,” she turned and disappeared into a door leading to a back room. Raj took note of her excitement, it was as if she’d just met a celebrity, but it didn’t escape his attention that she’d addressed him as ‘Mr. Colder.’

Raj glanced over his shoulder. Dan was standing nervously behind him with two large bags at his feet; Raj surveyed the deserted reception area, “You’re Mr. Barnes, got it?” he whispered to his partner.

Dan glanced sideways to make sure no one had heard before nodding his head and accepting his new name. A thin wily looking man with round-rimmed glasses wearing a cheap rumpled grey suit rushed through the door leading him to the reception desk; he was followed by the attractive blonde who’s stare never faltered, once it had come to rest upon Dan’s impressive frame.

“Gentlemen, sorry to keep you waiting, two of our finest rooms have been prepared, as we were expecting you.” Raj smiled politely. “I’m Dave Melanger, owner of The Grafton Hotel, and may I say, we’re very pleased to have you here.” Mr. Melanger would sneak fleeting glances at them both as he hurriedly prepared the room keys and the paperwork. The attractive blonde continued to stand motionless, staring at Dan with her mouth open. “Violet,” barked Mr. Melengar, “go get the bell hop to help these gentlemen with their luggage.”

“No need,” said Raj calmly but firmly, “we’ll carry our own equipment, if it’s all the same to you.”

“Of course, as you wish.” Mr. Melengar carefully placed two plastic card keys upon the counter as Raj reached for his wallet. “The rooms are being paid for by the village, and of course any expenses that you incur while at the hotel. You’re both on the sixth floor and in adjoining rooms, 601 and 602. After you’ve settled in, your presence is requested in the lounge over here,” he pointed with his hand, “where Mr. Tom Jantz and Sheriff Jones will brief you on your assignment.”

Raj nodded knowingly; he slid the room access cards from the counter top and followed the direction of Mr. Melanger’s outstretched hand towards the elevators. They made their way to their rooms agreeing to meet back at the elevators within five minutes. The rooms were exceptionally clean, basic, and a bit dated. Raj was focused on finding out the details of their assignment. Dan was instructed to leave the bags in Raj’s room. After Dan had explored the contents and layout of his room, he headed to the elevators; Raj was already waiting and was pacing nervously, “Listen to me, we have to play this cool. I want you to be the strong and silent type.”

“So you want me to shut up and say nothing, leave all the talking to you,” Dan said, in an annoyed tone.

“Just let me ask the questions, I want to find out who these people are, and why they need us here in this realm. I need to understand what we’ve been summoned here to do, get it?”

“Yes,” he said, sarcastically.

“Don't throw a snit Dan, wisdom never gets old. I have a bit more experience doing this than you, and we don't want to blow our cover on the first day do we?”

“OK, let’s just find out why we’re here.”

“OK good, we have to be a team, and remember to refer to me as Colder, only Colder.” Dan nodded as he pushed the down button to summon the elevator. It arrived within seconds, announcing its presence with a joyous ringing noise. They stood together in silence as the elevator moved from floor to floor, before it reached the lobby and opened its doors. The sight of a large man greeted them; he was dressed in a long black leather coat. He stood six feet, six inches tall, possessing a stocky build and a thick neck. He stared into the elevator and moved to one side to let the men vacate. As they walked past him Raj caught his interested stare. It was different from the celebrity stare received earlier; this was very different. This man examined every detail, every nuance; it was a knowing stare, a dangerous look that Raj was uncomfortable with. Finally the stranger entered the elevator, allowing them to walk towards the lounge and escape his scrutiny.

Barnes & Colder walked towards the lounge pausing just before the glass entrance. They exchanged glances of solidarity with Raj leading the way. A man dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt pushed his thick arm abruptly across the lounge’s entrance hitting Raj’s chest and stopping him in mid stride. Dan had seen this from the rear and had acted with lightening speed leaping to his friend’s assistance. Dan grabbed the stocky man’s arm and bent it painfully behind his back while pinning his face firmly against the wall; he loved his new found strength and power. “Easy Barnes, you don't know your own strength,” purred Raj in a soothing, but reprimanding tone.

The commotion attracted the attention of another man dressed similarly in jeans and a black t-shirt, “My apologies gentlemen, my man here just wanted to assure our privacy, and didn’t recognize the both of you, perhaps you can let him go?” Dan glanced at Raj who nodded his approval. Dan shoved the man to one side with ease releasing his grip on his arm. “Thank you. Perhaps you’d like to join us for a briefing, Mr. Colder and Mr. Barnes - I presume?”

Raj looked at the confident looking man, who was motioning them to sit in an arrangement of four chairs, situated near a gas fire where one of the chairs was occupied by a portly looking man in a Sheriff’s uniform. Raj answered his question, “I’m Colder and this is Barnes,” he announced with the sweep of his hand in Dan’s direction. “And you are?”

“Tom Jantz, head of mine security for the Asquith Mine here in Autumn. This is Sheriff Jones, the Sheriff for the Village of Autumn.” The Sheriff stumbled to his feet spilling a little whiskey from the top of his glass. He nodded before slumping back into the comfy, warm chair, supporting his drinking habit. Tom shook his head in embarrassment and invited his guests to the open chairs. They sat soaking up the fire’s warmth.

Dan was starting to panic; he wondered what was going to happen next. How could they find out more information? Raj clasped his hands together to support his chin while leaning forward, “Mr. Jantz, Sheriff, why don't you start at the beginning, and tell us again why we’re here, and what you want us to do.”

‘Wow, very clever, and very direct,’ thought Dan, smiling and learning.

Over the next two hours, the Sheriff drank, and Tom explained the circumstances leading to the Village of Autumn’s request to hire Barnes & Colder. The Sheriff was drunk, and continued to slur his words, much to the annoyance of Tom Jantz. Tom was articulate and well informed, he explained the terms of the assignment, and the payment due upon completion. He described the earlier tragedy that befell Autumn, and the local’s anguish that ‘Autumn’s Ravage’ had started again. Tom was convinced that a beast roamed the woods, which needed to be tracked, hunted, and killed. He was certain that this was not the work of a deranged degenerate transient. He described the recent killings, and the wounds inflicted upon the victims; he was brutally honest, explaining whatever did this, was unlike any animal he’d ever seen. Experts estimated that it was big, very big, and considerably larger than the largest Bear. Raj and Dan exchanged nervous glances while trying to look confident.

The conversation started to wane as the mission became clear. An uneasy feeling of responsibility settled upon the shoulders of Raj and Dan. They knew they’d arrived with a big reputation, celebrity status, and the weight of expectation was heavy. Raj broke the silence, “My partner and I will consider your offer, and decide how best to rid you of this beast. We will rest tonight and likely talk to the residents tomorrow, to get some additional information. This will help us formulate our approach, from experience we know that meticulous planning is the key to these types of assignments,” he said confidently.

Tom weighed the statement carefully, “Your partner doesn’t say much does he?” he said, directing his gaze accusingly towards Dan.

“No, he’s more of a man of action,” said Raj, killing any uncertainty as Dan struggled to formulate a response. Raj rose to signal the end of the meeting, quickly followed by Dan, and then Tom. Sheriff Jones remained slumped in his chair, comfortable within his alcohol-induced glow. “We’ll contact you tomorrow,” said Raj confidently. Handshakes were exchanged as Dan followed Raj’s lead and headed towards the elevator. Sitting in the lobby of the hotel was a small-disheveled man, dressed in native Indian attire and perched upon an antique chair reading a book. He’d watched the visitors arrive and casually observed their meeting. The man seemed agitated, wanting to make an approach, but not wanting to be seen talking to the visitors from outside of the village. Raj noticed the man and immediately recognized the signals. He wanted to tell them something, perhaps warn them. As they left their guests they passed the man reading his book. Raj saw his curious gaze as he flicked his eyes above the edge of his book. Raj diverted his eyes and moved towards the elevator, the native Indian man watched his every step.

“Come to room 601,” Raj said, in a mumbled voice as he passed the Indian.

Raj ushered Dan into the elevator; once inside Dan sounded nervous, “Are we up for this? I mean it sounds pretty dangerous; hunting a massive beast!”

“Relax. Remember we’re trained for this, we have instincts and skills that you’re not even aware of yet, did you see the way you pinned that guy to the wall? We hunt for a living; this is what we do. Am I hearing that you’re chickening out? We’ll face many dangers together but the Dream Cane selected us for a reason, we can do this, we can help these people.

Raj flashed a calming look towards Dan as the elevator chimed to inform its passengers that it’s journey had completed; Dan nodded reluctantly. As they stepped out of the confines of the small elevator, Raj nervously checked the hallway in both directions. “Come with me to room 601, I suspect we’re going to have a visitor.” Raj grabbed Dan by the elbow and steered him skillfully.

It wasn’t long before they were both inside the room, “Who are we expecting?”

Raj fumbled for a bottle of water. “An native Indian, he looked like he needed to tell us something.”

As if it was rehearsed, a soft knock on the door interrupted their conversation; Raj swallowed a gulp of water and pushed his finger to his lips signaling his desire for silence. He moved to the door and looked through the peephole. The Indian man from the lobby was standing outside waiting nervously to enter. Raj opened the door and the man quickly stepped inside. Closing the door, Raj assessed the man standing before him. He was a short man of about five-foot-five inches tall with long grey hair pulled back into a braided ponytail that ran down his back. He wore black leather shoes that matched his belt sporting a large silver buckle. He wore faded blue jeans and a black t-shirt under a brown beaded vest decorated with tassels. Around his neck he wore an assortment of necklaces but they were tucked into his t-shirt at the front. He had striking pale blue eyes but they looked worried and full of concern. Raj eased the apparent awkwardness, “Looks like you needed to tell us something, please sit; we’re listening.”

The elderly man selected an empty chair and rubbed his face, not knowing where to start, “My name is Great Bear, I’m the Indian Chief around these parts. I’ve lived in the Village of Autumn my entire life, and my forefathers lived, hunted, and worked this land, longer than people can remember. I was here and have lived through Autumn’s Ravage, and I fear that people think the cycle has started again, but I need to educate you both.” The Chief clasped his weathered hands together, and stared at the floor, not knowing where to begin. He questioned his actions, was he doing the right thing? “Have a seat, this may take a while, and I would prefer if you were both sitting for this.” He lifted his eyes to see if there was resistance to his request. Both men complied immediately, turning their chairs to face the Chief.

“My tribe has lived here for generations, and we know the old ways, the spiritual ways. Our beliefs are based upon hundreds of years of observations, stories, folklore, and legends. They sound a little far fetched today - now that everything in our world is explained by science and mathematics. When I tell you about our beliefs, I’d like you to keep an open mind, after all, you two are not from around these parts are you?”

Raj decided to deflect quickly, “Go on.”

“Everything in our world vibrates in harmony, the trees, animals, people, even the rocks. Everything vibrates, resonates, and exists together; my tribe believes that this vibration - this energy, life force, and this spiritual connection, connects us all. This vibration is subtle, but if you’re trained with a keen eye you can actually see the energy emitted from objects in the form of an Aura, a color. My Father was a wise old Indian Chief, and he taught me how to see Auras. You can imagine my confusion when I saw you both, without an Aura. It’s almost as if you’re not really alive or perhaps you’re from another world?” Dan shuffled nervously in his seat. 

The Indian raised his pale eyes and stared at Raj, “I know you’re not from this realm, and I know that you’re not Barnes & Colder. You’re not the first travellers that I’ve seen, and I know you’ve been sent here to help us.” Dan shot a look towards Raj who seemed to be playing it cool. “In the midst of Autumn’s Ravage, helpers came to Autumn, that was many years ago. Afterwards the visitors returned to their realm, and we were eternally grateful. It’s the indigenous people, the Matahee tribe, which understands the realms, the chosen helpers, and the constant battle between light and darkness. I want to help you, but you have to be honest with me, I’d like you to come clean with me and save us all some time.”

Raj leaned forward in his chair and clasped his hands between his opened knees. “That’s a pretty interesting theory, and I’m sure your tribe has some very entertaining stories, passed down from generation to generation, but we’re here to do a job. Barnes & Colder,” he said pointing at himself and his partner, “we’re hunters, hired to kill a large animal. It’s as simple as that.”

The Chief smiled, “I expected that, and I respect you for keeping the knowledge sacred. I’m no mental case; I’m your only help around here that’s local. So you men are Barnes & Colder, the famous hunters from Laran City, is that what you’re telling me?” Both men nodded in unison. “It’s been a while since I was in Laran City, but I remember the town hall square. White folks have to go there to get their hunting licenses; I don't need one because I’m a native. I remember sitting in that square and looking at the old famous bell tower, it’s been there for hundreds of years and it’s on the city’s coat of arms. It’s a beautiful tower and a proud symbol of Laran City, but it does have an unusual clock face doesn’t it? Perhaps you can tell me why it’s so unusual, I mean, everyone from Laran City knows.”

Dan had a belly full of butterflies, and Raj knew their cover was blown. Raj cleared his throat, “Perhaps you can tell us, as we’re not from around these parts.”

“It only has the number six on the dial, which represents the six boroughs that comprise of Laran City, the rest of the clock positions have a simple dot with the bottom of the dial proudly showing the number six. Now that we’ve cleared that up, which realm are you from?”

Raj exchanged glances with Dan. Dan didn't ask permission, but keeping the façade going was just plain silly, he took the leap of faith, “The Fifth Realm, and we’re here to help.”

The Indian Chief nodded his appreciation, “I wasn’t exactly honest with you both either. I implied that you have no Aura, well that’s not exactly true. You both have brilliant white Aura’s; true and pure. I knew you weren’t from this realm, but I also knew you were sent from the light.”

Raj took a swig from his water bottle, “How do we know we can trust you?”

“You don't, but I didn't come here to tell you what you already know, I came here to tell you what you’re up against, and that’s where it starts to get interesting.” The Chief’s hands were old and leathery; he wore a silver ring, set with a brilliant bright blue stone. He fiddled nervously with his ring, rotating it around his finger in a deliberate fashion. “The men you’ve just met with are well meaning men, but they’re caught up in their own egos; they’re fools and simpletons when it comes to the way of the world. It's a tragic fact that modern, so-called sophisticated men, have lost their connection to the spirit world. They don't understand the connectedness of everything. In our Indian culture we refuse to lose the old ways, the collective knowledge, and our connection to all around us, even though we often appear as weird and unprogressive.”

The Chief shifted his nervous energy from his ring to his vest tassels. “The well meaning men downstairs told you of a beast, a large animal, perhaps a Bear? The real truth is, they don't know what they’re dealing with, because they’re oblivious to the world around them. It is a beast, of sorts, but nothing like you’ve seen before, and more importantly, it’s not from this world.”

The Chief paused to make his point clear and to let his message sink in, “My Nephew told me that he’d seen a White Wolf. That’s very important within our culture, for the White Wolf is a Spirit Wolf, a very rare and sacred animal. The ignorant scientists will talk about genetic flaws, as a way to explain the white creatures of the forest, but we Indians know better. An Albino animal is a genetic rarity of nature, rendering the poor animal pure white. This condition dulls the senses and turns the animals eyes red.” The Chief shook his head sympathizing with the animals suffering from this condition.

“In the brutal wild of the forest, these animals are severely dis-advantaged, they try to blend in but quickly become prey. I’m not here to talk about Albino animals. I’m talking about what we Indian’s call Spirit Animals, guardians and keepers of harmony within the forest. These animals have extra keen senses, clear sharp vision, and an overly developed set of survival tools. They’re white, stripped of their normal camouflage, but you’ll never see them. So many people doubt their existence, but they only appear when they have a message to deliver. My people believe in the White Spirit animals, they herald the re-uniting of humanity, and the re-awakening of oneness. They signal a harmony of mind, body, and spirit, all living in peace, and at one with the environment.”

The Chief raised his eyes to gauge the level of interest and comprehension. Both men hung on every word, waiting to hear more about the beast they were to face. “The Spirit Animals keep harmony within the forest, they represent everything that’s good and pure. My ancestors knew of the other realms, other worlds. Some were dark realms, where evil is a strong force and a darker religion grips these worlds. Dark forces have greedy designs on the other realms, they aim to conquer and invade our thoughts and actions with violence, hatred, ignorance, and negativity. We are aware of the epic struggle between good and evil, dark and light. The Spirit Animals stand guard; they connect with enlightened humans as best they can. They will only present themselves to a pure soul. The most elusive animal of all is the White Wolf, the Spirit Wolf. In my culture the White Wolf is one of three directional guardians and is akin to mankind.”

The Chief paused to underline the importance of his next point, “The Spirit Wolf has presented himself to our people to signal a time of great danger, and make us aware that an imbalance in the energy of the forest has occurred. We have a prophecy that foretells of this event. Our prophecy tells us of the arrival of a beast, and a period of great destruction, unless we act quickly. The Spirit Wolf appeared on a man-made road, far away from the safety and refuge of the forest. He wanted to be seen; he’s telling us that the dark one has arrived. The energy within the forest has changed and the animals are running scared. Soon we will see White Bear, Deer, Fox, Eagle and many unusual sights.”

“Can the White Wolf kill this beast?” inquired Dan.

“No. It’s already strong, feeding from the negative energy and fear that it evokes. It kills to feed but it doesn’t eat the meat. Our prophecy tells of a dark world ruled by evil and fear. When the stars align, for that brief moment, a portal opens between our realms. Over time, a few, have figured out a way to travel between realms, like yourself.” The Chief flicked his eyes upwards to meet the startled gaze of the men.

“The dark realm has dispatched a fearsome creature, not made of flesh and blood, but dark evil energy. It feeds on fear, suspicion, and anger; it grows in power. It has one relentless goal, to find a sacred location hidden deep within the forest with deep spiritual energy and connectedness. It will use this location to open a permanent bridge between our two realms. If established, this realm will be lost to the darkness forever. Autumn’s Ravage was a false alarm, a twisted, sick, drifter, with a penchant for harming young women. This is different, but we can’t go to the authorities. They would lock us up and accuse us of spreading unnecessary fear induced by smoking the peace pipe too much. Our prophecy foretold of these deaths, the arrival of three strangers from two different realms, and a dangerous beast from the dark realm. The third stranger has arrived, and is staying here at your hotel. He’s trying desperately to blend in, just like you two, but he still looks a little lost. The good news is that he’s on your side, with a similar Aura, and mission, so you three should talk and join forces. Oh and one last thing, the prophecy is clear, the beast will be killed by someone who’s spent most of his life battling demons! From the look on your fresh faces, I suspect it's the villages’ mysterious stranger, he looks as tough as nails.” The Chief smiled mischievously.
      
Raj was slightly annoyed at the Chief, but couldn’t poke holes in his deductive reasoning. “That’s quite a story, anything else you want to tell us?”

“No, I think that's it for now.”

“For now?”

“No that's it,” said the Chief looking nervous.

Raj stood, “Remember Chief, we’re here to help, we could simply leave you to the beast and the darkness.”

“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sound dis-respectful. I’m grateful that you’re both here, and I wanted to inform you that I’m available to help in any way. I also wanted to inform you of the stranger. We face an evil that no one really understands.”

Raj glanced at Dan; he seemed tired, anxious and scared. “It’s been a long day. I think we’ll reconvene in the morning, and we’re looking forward to meeting this stranger. I’d like to know what he’s found out so far.”

“Of course, I’ll see you tomorrow. I usually hang out at the coffee shop down the street.” The Chief turned and left the room quickly hoping he wouldn’t be seen by anyone else.

Dan glanced at Raj, “The native Indians are more connected to the spirit world, they’re more open to receiving messages, signs, and guidance, from their dead ancestors. We have to take him seriously.”

“For a kid, you’re pretty smart. Sometimes a prophecy can turn out to be a statement of intent.” Raj stopped abruptly, Dan had noticed the sudden movement of gossamer wings, as a small crimson colored butterfly fluttered between them. “It’s time to go, stay close to me.” Dan saw another crimson butterfly, as it drifted effortlessly by. The butterfly fluttered out of sight followed by a blinding white light that flooded the hotel room causing them both to shield their eyes. Raj held onto Dan’s arm tightly and together they were transported back to the fifth realm and the relative comfort of Raj’s apartment.


* * * * *


The Fifth Realm - Earth


Chapter 10: The Library
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“Nothing sickens me more than the closed door of a library.”


The knocking sound at the apartment door seemed to grow more impatient. Raj hustled his ageing body, as quickly as he could, to greet the impatient visitor. He unlatched the door and opened it suddenly, Liz instinctively moved backwards from the abrupt movement, “I’m so sorry, we must have dozed off  - the pair of us,” said Raj, rubbing his eyes in a tired fashion.

Liz regained her composure, and she smiled sympathetically, “Is he ready to go, it’s getting late?”

“Sure, come on in,” Raj moved aside and beckoned Liz into his apartment.

Liz scanned the room quickly; she could see Dan slumped within a large comfy chair. She approached the lifeless boy and studied his face as he mumbled and twitched his head. “Butterflies, crimson butterflies,” she could hear him say. He opened his eyes and sat bolt upright as if startled, “Mum, what are you doing here?” Dan widened his gaze and quickly located Raj standing behind her with his finger pressed to his lips.

Liz smiled and dragged a strand of hair from his eyes, “You were dreaming, I’ve finished my shift, it’s late and time to go home.”

Dan shook his head as if to clear imaginary butterflies and smiled at his Mother, “Yeah, enough excitement for one night,” he said yawning.

She turned, “Thanks again for everything Raj.”

“Oh, no problem, really.”

Liz sounded serious, “No, I mean it. Thank you.”

Dan rose to his feet quickly with his Mother ushering him out of the door, he turned to face Raj, “See you tomorrow night?”

“Sure, come by at six-thirty and we can continue our conversations, if we can stay awake!” he said, finishing with a small laugh to lighten the moment.

The door closed as Liz reached for her keys, “So you boys seem to getting on well then?”

“Yeah. He’s a nice man, with a lot of life experience; I can learn a lot from him you know.”

The lock turned and the door was pushed open, “I agree, it’s good for you to get some man to man conversation, just remember his advice might be a bit,” she paused, searching for the right word, “dated.”

“Wisdom never dates Mum.” Liz smiled; perhaps this arrangement would be good for him after all. She was dog tired and not in the mood for a long drawn out discussion; she needed to turn in and rest her exhausted body. Fortunately Dan was equally tired and without any discussion they both headed to their rooms and prepared for bed. Later, Dan tapped gently on the closed door to his Mother’s room.

“Yes?”

“Good night Mum, just wanted to tell you that I love you.”

Liz pulled the sheets until they were tucked tightly below her chin; she allowed herself a small smile, “Love you too Kiddo,” she said, just loud enough to be heard.

To his surprise he’d slept heavily. He was awakened by the screeching sound of a teakettle coming from the kitchen as his Mother prepared breakfast. The golden sunlight was starting to encroach into his room, as he stretched his arms to the sky and readjusted to his small-framed body. He dressed quickly and bounded into the kitchen to greet his Mother and the new day. He felt strangely carefree and light; perhaps the weight of the hunt for the beast had temporarily lifted from his shoulders. He felt safe and normal, embraced by familiar surroundings and his Mother’s company, “Good morning!”

Liz turned her head slowly while she poured the steaming Earl Grey tea into her cup loaded with double milk and one sweetener. “Well good morning, how are you feeling?”

“Hungry,” he said fixing his cereal.

Liz joined him at the breakfast table, “Enjoy your time off ‘cos next Monday you start your new school.”

He shoveled the cereal into his mouth but paused to weigh the gravity of her statement, “Yeah, I know.”

“Well don't sound too excited about it.”

Dan made a face to show his reluctance of starting all over again at a new school, an introduction he was not looking forward to. “I want it to work this time Mum, but I always seem to get picked on.”

Liz’s forehead crinkled with worry lines, “I know, I want it to work as well. We both seem to like it here. Be strong and confident, you need to put out a different vibe. Talk to Raj about it, he might be able to make some suggestions. Kids sense fear, they’re like sharks,” she created a dorsal fin with her hand and cut through imaginary water with a wiggling movement. “I’m sure you’ll be fine this time, I would feel awful if you were picked on again like the last school. You’ve been battling these demons all of your life.”

Liz continued but Dan had tuned her out, his thoughts raced ahead and he’d lost her. The prophecy stated that the person who would kill the beast was a person who had battled demons all of their life. Everyone had assumed it was the tough looking stranger; the Chief had drawn this conclusion already. Perhaps he was wrong. Perhaps he was the one that would need to kill the beast. He’d been battling demons all of his life, just a different type of demon.

“Are you listening?” Liz tapped her fingers in annoyance.

Dan stiffened visibly realizing he’d been caught, “Sorry, what?”

“Are you full? Do you want some more?”

“Oh, no. I’m good, thanks Mum.”

The day dragged on slowly. Several times within the hour Dan had checked his watch hoping the day would simply melt away. He couldn't wait until the evening when he could resume his adventure with Raj. Dan had visited the library and decided to study the legends and meanings behind the white spiritual animals. He read about the Sioux Nation and their tribal legends. He’d discovered the term Leucism and read about the case of the White Buffalo Calf woman. He learned of the Native Indian ways, but one fact surprised him the most, this phenomenon was not limited to the Native Indians of North America. Cultures as far away and diverse as Thailand, England, Scotland, Ireland, Wales, Germany, Brazil and Mexico all revered White Spiritual animals in their folklore. Dan rubbed his eyes; they were getting tired from the reading. He’d spread his assortment of books across the library’s reading table trying to connect common threads running through the diverse stories and legends.  His attention was drawn to the large window set high into the wall in front of him. Rivulets of water streamed down the glass like little rivers streaming to the ocean. It had started to rain outside and the wind lashed the library while its occupants studied inside.

Dan lowered his chin and moved his head to the right, the reading table was full with books of varied shapes and sizes scattered across its surface. Students and people of all ages read silently and scribbled notes or typed furiously into laptops. His eyes surveyed the people working away in silence. It was nice to focus his gaze at a distance rather than concentrate on a book six inches away. He let his eyes wander and relax without really paying too much attention to what he was seeing. When his eyes regained focus they rested upon the long brown hair of a girl about his age. She propped up her chin up within her hands and stared intensely at a large open book. She read with intensity but made no notes. Her hair was straight and a deep golden brown falling to her shoulders and parted in the middle. She reached up to tuck a few falling locks away from her face and behind her ear. This action revealed her pretty face and large eyes. Dan stared uncontrollably but at that very moment she decided to give her eyes a break and looked his way. Caught in a mutual stare for a brief second he panicked. She smiled while Dan immediately broke the stare by pretending he hadn’t been looking at her and dropped his eyes to his book and a picture of an 18th century wood carving in Eastern Europe. He waited a few minutes and cautiously lifted his gaze back to the attractive girl. She was closing the large book in front of her and it looked like she was preparing to leave. Dan continued to read. After a couple of minutes he saw movement within his peripheral vision but it wasn’t her; a man with a scruffy blue t-shirt and unshaven beard had taken her empty seat at the reading table.

Dan pushed a large book to the side and opened another book to its Index. His eyes scanned the page until he found what he was looking for, White Wolf page 73. Dan opened the book thumbing the pages to his intended destination. He felt a presence over his right shoulder and turned to see a short, spindly looking man wearing beige pants, with a brown belt synched too tight around his wispy waist. He wore a faded blue shirt tucked into his waistband making him look like a little boy wearing his larger brother’s hand me downs. The man was bald on top with wispy tufts of blonde hair on each side of his head with golden colored rounded glasses, the type John Lennon use to wear. He leaned in to scold Dan in a patronizing whisper. His voice was controlled and at a library volume, but loud enough for the other people studying at the reading table to hear. It was clear that this little man wanted to let everyone know that he had authority and he wasn't to be trifled with, despite his diminutive size. “Young man, you are only allowed to have two books removed from the shelf and on the reading table at any time. There are signs on the wall and on the table,” he said, pointing at a laminated card placed upon the table. “I assume you can read?” he said sarcastically. Dan was stunned into silence and felt embarrassed, “Two at any time, that means you have to take one back, what are you waiting for?”

The silence was deafening and Dan could feel the blood rushing to his face and his burning hot cheeks. A whispered voice from across the table in front of him provided some welcome relief. “Actually he only has two books, this one is mine,” she said pulling at one of his books, “and this one is mine,” she said pointing to a book tucked under her arm. She sat in the only remaining open chair located directly across from Dan and smiled sweetly at the irritating little man seemingly drunk on his own power. She opened a book and pretended to read intently, her line was expertly delivered with a dismissive tone that seemed to work.

People at the table stopped and stared at the man. They knew he’d been outfoxed and outsmarted by a cute, intelligent, fearless girl, and they were silently enjoying it. The thin little man adjusted his glasses, let out an audible sigh of frustration, and clearly irritated, walked away quickly. Once the man had left, satisfied smiles crossed the faces of people at the reading table. The young girl sat stoically reading Dan’s book on Native Indian legends. Dan stared at her in awe. She was the only person his age at the reading table and she’d firmly but politely put that annoying little man in his place. She stopped reading and raised her brilliant brown eyes to meet Dan’s gaze with just a hint of a satisfied smile. Dan mouthed the words, “Thank you.”

She broke into a smile brushing away her falling hair from her face. She mouthed the words, “Can’t stand that guy, you’re welcome,” back to him. She took both books back to the shelves as Dan waited for her to return. She never did, and his chance was gone, if he ever had a chance in the first place.  The weather had cleared up and it was overcast but dry and windy. Dan kept his head down, facing the wind, as he returned home from the library. All he could think about was the cute girl that had rescued him. She was definitely out of his league, was probably very popular, and one of the cool kids. Still, she’d saved him.

As he trudged home he started to scold himself mumbling under his breath, “Why didn’t you introduce yourself? Why didn't you ask her what her name was? God you’re so stupid. She only took pity on you, that doesn’t mean she likes you. Let her go - she’s out of your league anyway. But she could come to the library again; at least you know where she hangs out now. Ahhh, forget it, you have a beast to kill. That's far more exciting than chasing some girl that’s not interested in you.”

Dan didn't pay too much attention to his walk home, and arrived sooner than he thought, he couldn't recall much of the journey because his thoughts were distracting. He entered the apartment building and glanced at his watch, “Two and a half hours before I see Raj again, just enough time to have some dinner,” he muttered.

Dinner was pasta, with a tomato sauce with mushrooms, but Liz talked throughout, with Dan pretending to listen, but his thoughts had drifted to the green eyed, brown haired girl, he’d met in the library. Liz’s story involved a handsome man; he was polite, shy and refined, and he always ate alone at the restaurant. Liz felt he came in with a hidden motive, to specifically see her; he smiled a lot, didn't wear a wedding ring, and always left an overly generous tip. She thought he was cultured and perhaps too shy to hit upon her by asking her out, yet it was obvious that this is what she wanted. It was nice to see her excited and happy about the attentions of a man.

After dinner Liz went to her room to change for work, and Dan cleared away the table settings as usual. When he’d stored away the last plate, she emerged from her room wearing her server’s uniform; flat comfortable shoes ideal for walking, black loose fitting pants, and a black polo shirt. She looked different tonight and Dan noticed. Her hair was swept up and held in place by a pretty hair clasp made from tiger-eye. Liz had carefully applied some makeup to accentuate her eyes, soften her face and define her lips. She looked nice, but Dan didn't want to say anything that would make her feel self conscious or silly. He opted to ignore it. Liz carried on as normal, preparing Dan to go and visit Raj, so Dan played along with the charade knowing she had made an effort to impress the polite male customer.

Liz knocked gently upon Raj’s apartment door. The door swung open followed by an exchange of pleasantries. Then it happened, Raj’s innocent comment drew attention to her appearance, “Liz, you look really nice tonight,” observed Raj.

Dan visibly stiffened, knowing that a comment like that from Raj would make his Mother uncomfortably self-aware, “Why thank you Raj, nice of you to notice,” she said smiling and shooting a glance at her son.

Dan looked at his feet feeling her stare boring a hole through his head, “Have a good shift Mum,” said Dan, scurrying into Raj’s apartment. He felt awful.

When Liz left, Raj faced Dan and inquired, “What was that all about?”

“Oh, I didn't say anything because she’s getting all glammed up for some fella that comes into the restaurant. I didn't want to make a big deal out of it because she gets all nervous and stuff.”

“I see,” said Raj smiling.

 After a little chat they locked the door and settled in to use the Dream Cane. 


* * * * *


The Fourth Realm - Vianna


Chapter 11: The Chief’s Guest
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District.

“Learning to trust is one of life’s most difficult tasks.”


It wasn’t long before the Dream Cane took them back to the hotel room where they’d originally seen the crimson butterflies. The journey to another seemed easier this time, now that Dan knew what to expect. The adventurers were more than ready to resume their quest, despite the dangers that lay ahead. Dan decided not to share his thoughts with Raj, that it might be his destiny to kill this beast. He felt that his epiphany may be ridiculed, and it would probably be for the best if he left this insight unspoken for now.

Dan was admiring his large muscular frame, before his attention was redirected; “It’s late, very late. Better get off to your room and try to get a good night’s sleep. I’ll meet you in the lobby at 7am, be sure to phone down to the front desk and arrange for a wakeup call at 6am. Get showered and ready early because we’ll go for breakfast at the diner, the one the Indian Chief was talking about. Seems like a good place to meet locals and strangers alike. Dan felt for his room key nestled in his pocket, it was still there; he was so excited about being back that he didn't want to sleep, but he reluctantly left, and settled in for the night.

The following morning Dan paced nervously around the lobby trying not to draw attention to his actions. He was early, anxious to start the day and find any information that may lead to tracking this beast. Dan tried to understand how he could stay in this realm the entire night and most of the day, yet it only represented a few hours of his Mother’s working shift back in Earth’s realm. Raj had explained how this time anomaly works earlier, but he still couldn't believe it or understand it. He felt a light tap on his shoulder; “You hungry then?” inquired Raj. It was still very odd for Dan to see Raj in a completely different, stronger and considerably younger body. He marveled at Raj’s drastically altered voice, without a trace of his thick Indian accent. It was probably more of a shock for Raj to see Dan, temporarily freed from his adolescent body and occupying the large, hulking, frame of a grown man, with a deep, strong, masculine, voice.

Dan’s eyes widened, “Yup, I’m very hungry.”

“Let’s go to the diner then, and see what we can find out. I’ve already got directions, its not that far,” he said with a grin. “Lets go.”

They proceeded through the lobby to the hotel’s front door where they exited onto Autumn’s Main Street. It was a crisp cool morning, as the men appreciated the warming sunlight bursting over the rooftops and flooding the street with welcoming light. There was still a chill that hung in the air but it felt clean, and pure, as they both filled their lungs. You don't get this feeling in a big, dirty, bustling city; the street was calm and quiet, with no traffic, and no pedestrians, it appeared that it way too early for this sleepy northern village. They walked for a few minutes before the diner’s large illuminated sign came into view. Cars and trucks glinted in the parking lot sunlight as they waited for their owners to return from finishing their breakfasts. The parking lot was half full, but it provided enough evidence that some villagers had sprung into life on this otherwise sleepy street. No words had been exchanged between the men until they approached the door to the diner. Raj stopped, and without looking at Dan, he grabbed the door handle and paused awkwardly, “Leave the talking to me. I still want you to be the strong and silent type, until you get the swing of things, okay?” He didn't wait for an answer; he pulled at the door’s handle and entered the diner. Stepping inside, they could see it was a busy place, with the smells of hot coffee and hashbrowns permeating the diner’s air.     

Raj immediately spotted the Indian Chief facing the door, and nursing a mug of steaming coffee in his cupped hands. The Chief wasn’t alone; he sat in a red leather cladded booth with a man sat with his back to the door. The Chief’s guest was dressed in black leathers with long unwashed black hair. As they approached, the Chief slid across the bench seat, to make room at his booth, “Please join us, I’d like you to meet someone.” The Chief looked happy, and excited, at the prospect of this meeting; the stranger looked decidedly uncomfortable, wanting to avoid such a public introduction. Raj slid across the leather bench and sat next to the Chief, leaving Dan to awkwardly look at the stranger, suggesting he should move over to make some room. With some considerable reluctance, he shuffled down the bench dragging his breakfast setting with him. Dan carefully took his position within the booth, trying not to bump shoulders with the unwelcoming stranger. Annie arrived just at the right time to break the uncomfortable silence.

“Coffee to start with fellas?”

Raj looked at the chirpy waitress and wondered how some people could have so much energy so early in the day, “Yes please, two coffees, that would be great, thanks.”

The Chief waited for Annie to leave, he knew from her inquisitive nature that she would be curious. The Chief usually sat alone or with a couple of his boys from the tribe. It was highly unusual for him to be talking with a booth full of strangers. He frequented the diner often but most people would describe him as anti-social, rude, or an introvert. The Chief relaxed the tight grip he had on his steaming coffee mug to wave a hand at the men sat across from him, “You know Annie there owns this place, she’s been here for years, and she knows these parts well. It was one of her girls, working here at the diner that the beast killed. She was a beautiful girl named Kelly, a little slow upstairs, but full of life and a smile that would light up your morning. She was a good kid; she didn't deserve to die and the village will miss her cheerful soul,” the Chief shook his head slowly.

Annie returned with two steaming cups of black coffee; she placed them gently upon the table and pointed to the packs of milk, cream, and sugar, “All of your fixings are there guys, do you boys want a refill?”

In unison they both shook their heads, “No thanks, Annie,” mumbled the Chief.

Annie left to attend her other customers. The Chief planted his right elbow upon the table and flipped his wrist to make small gestures to accompany his softly spoken words. “I need to facilitate introductions; we need to all get on the same page quickly here as we’re running out of time.” He leaned in so the other patrons wouldn’t hear him, “Let’s cut through all of this pretense, we’re all here for the same reason, and we’d all be better off if we cooperated and joined forces, this isn’t a race and if we pool our efforts then we’ll be stronger.” The stranger stiffened at the Chief’s words, he knew he was trapped within the booth, but he wanted to avoid this conversation and run, he shot a worried look across the table at the Chief. “In my tribe, our people pass down our history from generation to generation, it’s our oral tradition. Many people think that we’re a bunch of drunken babbling fools, caught up in our legends and our fanciful stories. What we are experiencing isn’t the first time this has happened to Autumn, and this isn’t the first time help has arrived from other worlds.” The stranger nervously surveyed the diner to see who was listening. It seemed everyone was busy eating, or distracted by there own private conversations. The Chief continued, “You three are different to other folk, you’re not from this world, some would call you imposters, but I’m glad you’re here, because you’ve been sent to help us kill this beast.”

“I think you’ve got me all wrong, I’m …” started the stranger.

“Shut it,” snapped the Chief abruptly, his demeanor changed in an instant, “I don't have time for this while real people are being killed. You’re as much a migrant worker passing through, as I’m a cowboy, and you two are not Barnes & Colder. Paul, Brian, and Kelly, are all dead - and we’re still sitting here pretending.” The Chief shook his head in disgust, “You pretend to be passing through, and heading to the mines up north for work, yet you couldn’t name three mines and their locations! No one in their right mind travels this far north, in dangerous terrain, without researching where they would be going first.” Dan smiled. “You two are just as bad - big hunters from Laran City, yet you can’t even describe the city’s famous clock tower or name it’s famous Irish Pub situated across the square. Only a fool desperate to believe would actually believe that you’re natives of Laran City.” They were caught in the web of their deceit and they all knew it.

“I’m an old Indian Chief, the wise Great Bear they call me, blessed with skills and knowledge passed down from countless generations within my tribe. I see things others don’t see, and I’m at one with our natural environment - not a simple fool, as many would say. I can see auras, the body’s energy and life-force. As I sit here today, you three have no colorful auras, you don't exude an aura of a normal person; you emit a pure white glow of energy. We know who you are and we’ve seen your kind before, you’re what we Indians call Tugnars.” The Chief lowered his voice, “You’re creatures from another plain, another dimension, another realm. You’ve been sent here to help us with our fight, and we’re eternally grateful for that. This creature that roams our forest, he’s been sent here to open an access point to our world so that evil can exploit us and access our realm. We can’t let that happen, and you have to help us, just like you’ve done in the past.”

The stranger glared across the table at Raj, “I guess it’s time for us all to come clean, who are you and where are you from?” 

Raj took a slow deliberate sip of his strong black coffee; he paused for effect, enjoying the drama like it was a finely written play, “Who,” he emphasized the word, “we are, is not important. You’re a wise Chief indeed, we’re travellers from the Fifth Realm - Earth, and we were sent here to help you.” Dan glared at Raj in amazement, for he’d revealed their true identities so soon, “Who are you?” he asked bluntly, turning to the silent stranger.

The stranger paused for a moment, not expecting the question, and still reluctant to offer his answer, “I’m Kaan, I’m a master monk of the highest order, from the mountains of Haitden, and the majestic Monastery of Light, deep within the Third Realm.” The pride in his voice did not disguise the sacrifice, discipline, and effort required, to obtain these credentials. “I know what this creature is, and I know why it’s here. I’ve been trained to stop it, kill it, and make sure it doesn’t succeed. That is my mission above all else, everything else, including my life, which is not important.”

The Chief nodded his head to recognize the trust forming, “Good. Now we are being honest with each other. We have noticed that the local animals have long since fled north, even the stubborn wolf and the tenacious bear, that fight to acquire their territory, have left. The Spiritual Animals are now moving in and making their presence known. This is a serious sign that a great evil lurks and ominous events are about to unfold. It is my responsibility, as the Chief of my tribe, keeper of the legends, and guardian of the forest, to kill this beast. I am only too aware that many people around these parts think that I’m a rambling old fool, but little do they know. We’ll be much stronger if we combine forces and work together as one team, than if we compete. We’ll need all of our experience to kill this beast. Kaan, you said you know what this beast is; then tell us what we’re facing here.”

The monk patiently stirred his coffee and sipped pensively. For a moment he collected his thoughts for he was uncertain where to begin. Annie broke the silence, “So, you boys know what you want to order?”

Raj spoke trying to speed the ordering process along, “Yes, we’re both having the same; Pancakes with a side order of hashbrowns please.”

Annie scribbled into her note pad, “Two Pancakes with hashbrowns coming up, thanks,” Annie wheeled away efficiently.

“You were saying?” prompted the Chief.

The stranger glanced from side to side, to see who could hear him, satisfied - he continued. “This is a dark creature from the first realm, where evil has gained a significant foot hold, and the battle between darkness and light is fierce. Occasionally, the dark leaders will stumble across portals, powerful ways to traverse across the realms. It requires the stars to align, the timing has to be right, and this limits their opportunities. When the time is right, they will send a messenger equipped with the knowledge to open a portal permanently, where evil and darkness can seep into a realm and ultimately consume it. This messenger has arrived, and the animals of the great forest can sense its presence. It’s a Karcon, a ferocious beast from the dark underworld. It’s twice the size of one of your largest Grizzly Bears; it’s covered in dense brown fur, and armed with large paws with sharp claws. It has a long pointed snout filled with large sharp teeth. Its senses are highly developed, with eyes that can see movement and a powerful nose that can pinpoint the scent of intruders. The Karcon is not like any animal that you’ve encountered before, it’s a dark spirit, capable of living without the sustenance we need; it does not eat or drink. It feeds on fear and creates an environment of death, anxiety, panic, and uncertainty. This energy allows the beast to feed and grow stronger. It’s intelligent and bred to search for a spiritual place where it can open a portal, a bridge to the first realm. If it succeeds, then a flood of evil spirits will invade this realm and turn it into a dark place.”

“How do we kill it?” inquired Dan, changing the direction of the conversation.

The monk fell silent, thinking deeply about his response, “The Karcon can be killed. The scriptures call for a person with a pure heart, who is not afraid of facing demons. The monks from my monastery have killed several of these beasts over the centuries with each one killed in a different way, from a golden spear owned by Euethanese wielded by an innocent boy. A monk living in my order has killed a Karcon using a sacred sword once owned by the Great King of the second realm. In all of these cases, the killing weapon used had a deep spiritual connection with prominence across the generations, and had been blessed by many. Today’s modern weapons are designed to kill but they only make the beast stronger. Killing a Karcon is not easy, I’ve brought with me the sacred knife of Princess Athena, leader of the ancient Elfen tribe of the great forests of Kedden, deep within the second realm.” The monk touched the knife, well concealed beneath his leather coat. “The Kedden Elfen’s are an extinct clan, but for centuries they fought the dark spirits keeping them at bay with their skill and bravery. This knife has killed four Karcon, making it a powerful and revered weapon. Its handle is made from human bone, inlaid with the purest of gold. The bone is a fragment from the shattered leg of a powerful Elfen King, who swore to protect the Kedden forests. The blade isn’t long, so it means that I’ll have to get close to the Karcon, and that is where the difficulty lies. It takes great skill, courage, and training, to achieve this. It may ultimately cost me my life.”

The Chief looked at Raj and Dan, “Barnes & Colder, intrepid hunters from Laran City, what weapons have you brought to kill this dangerous spirit?”

Dan felt the blood rush to his cheeks; Raj came to his rescue, “We’re not trained Karcon killers, we were simply sent here to help. We have traditional weapons like knives, guns, and rifles. We come with the belief that a higher power feels we need to be here, that’s all we know.” Raj felt inadequate but the Chief eased his anxiety.

“Then we have to trust the higher power, we’re glad you’re both here and we feel blessed to have your support.”

The door to the diner opened noisily, causing the occupants to look at the source of the commotion. Sheriff Kevin Jones staggered through the doorway and stumbled to a recently vacated booth. He accidently knocked a cup of cold coffee from the table, spilling the murky liquid and smashing the ceramic cup into pieces that scattered across the polished floor. He sank heavily into the booth’s padded bench; oblivious to the chaos he was creating. A young woman mopped away the spilt coffee and swept the tiny white ceramic shards of the cup with practiced efficiency allowing Annie to handle the incident, “Sheriff Jones, how nice to see you on this beautiful, windy, Autumn morning.” The Sheriff looked unkempt, with his ruffled hair, unshaven appearance, and crinkled uniform, exposing to the trained eye that he’d slept in the clothes he was wearing. The strong smell of whiskey could be recognized from two booths away, as Annie poured the Sheriff a large cup of strong black coffee. She leaned in offering loyal support to her good friend, and whispered, “Drink this, and smarten up for God’s sake.”

She laughed loudly and responded to the Sheriff’s non-existent dialogue, continuing the pretense for the benefit of the other diners, “Sure thing Sheriff, eggs, bacon, hashbrowns, beans and toast coming right up,” she bluffed. Annie walked away briskly, having taken the Sheriff’s order a hundred times before; the Sheriff slumped over his coffee and tried to keep his head from spinning.

The stranger turned his head back to the conversation, “That’s the local Sheriff, clearly he’s not in control of the situation.”

“He was pretty drunk last night when we met him at the hotel,” offered Dan. Raj added to the commentary, “Yes, and it looks like he continued to drink well after we had called it a night.”

The Indian Chief was more sympathetic, “The Sheriff’s a good decent man, we like him a lot around these parts. He’s had a tough life, and he’s slipped because of it. In time, he’ll come back to his normal self, hopefully. Tom Jantz runs this village, the arrogant man you met last night. He’s the Head of Security, up at Asquith’s mine, which means he has access to a pack of hounds, all dressed in black t-shirts, which seem to follow him around and do his bidding. He’s organized and a man of action, but he’s not open minded enough to accept what we are dealing with here is not a very large Bear on the loose.”

Raj placed his empty cup carefully upon the table; “We’ll have to placate him if we’re going to play along that we’re Barnes & Colder.”

The monk glanced at Raj, “You can’t tell him who we really are or any of the details of this conversation.”

“No,” whispered the Chief in a concerned tone.

“Don't worry, we’ll both have to act as if we’re hunting Bear. He wants to form a hunting party, but we’ll have to convince him to include you both. Including the Chief should be easy, you know the forest, and the terrain.” Raj turned to look at the monk, “You’ll be more of a challenge, but leave that one to me. Can you hunt with a bow?”

“Better than anyone in this realm,” said the monk with a surety that belied a challenge.

With a spark of an idea, Raj turned to look at the Chief, “Good. Get the monk a bow and some arrows, I can use that to win over Mr. Jantz, and we might just get you in the hunting party yet.” The Chief nodded, accepting Raj’s request.

The monk turned his head to face Dan’s large muscular frame, “For such a big man, you don't say much do you?”

Dan was caught in that moment, where his body screamed, his insecurities grew, and his mind, was clouded with a red fog that rendered him speechless. He could feel his cheeks flush, and a hundred voices whispered damaging thoughts into his mind as his heart pounded. He was a hulk of a man, with finely chiseled muscles, and deep, piercing eyes, yet inside, was trapped a small insecure fourteen-year-old boy, that would cross the street to avoid a fight. Then fate intervened; a thought flashed through his brain, he recalled a page from the library book he’d seen that day. Dan pushed his broad shoulder blades backwards flexing them wide; he turned his face to within inches of the monk, and fixed him with his steely stare, “Silence is a true friend who never betrays.”

It was a quote from Confucius, which was the perfect response for an intellectual monk, who did not deserve to be trusted until that trust had been earned. It also sent a ‘back off’ message that was required, and deserved. Raj smiled, he was so proud that Dan had matched the monk’s petulant remark with wisdom and verve.  

“Come on boys,” scolded the Chief, aware of the testosterone flowing through these young warriors. “We’re stronger together.”

The door to the diner swung open and both the Chief and Raj lifted their eyes at the same time to see Tom Jantz, accompanied by a large man in a black t-shirt, take an empty booth. Tom had spotted their conversation in progress. The Chief touched Raj’s forearm, “You must go and join them, try to figure out how to limit the size of the hunting party. You have to include the both of us, but remember to be firm, you’re in charge.” Raj was about to get up when Annie appeared and served Tom some coffee; the Chief held firmly onto Raj’s forearm. “One last thing. We convened a special meeting of the Waishee council of tribal elders last night, I shouldn’t even be telling you this, but we performed an ancient spiritual ritual, where we talk with our dead ancestors. You may think it strange, but we burn a type of fern that clears our minds,” the Chief waved his hand impatiently, “an elder received a message.” The beast is searching for a special place, a sacred place, with a strong connection to the spirit world. We believe we know where this place is. It’s a sacred Waishee burial cave, situated deep within the forest, where only a handful of my tribe knows of its location. We believe the beast will try to open the portal to our world from this cave. Don't mention this to Tom; all he needs to know is that I possess the skills needed to work with you to track the beast. I’m certain the beast is looking for this cave, and I’m told, a beast tried to find this location hundreds of years earlier. Now go and convince him of our inclusion into your hunting party.”

The Chief retracted his hand and Raj rose to join Tom Jantz and his guest. Dan looked at the Chief for direction, “Go with him, your breakfast is on me, go, now.”

Raj and Dan approached Tom’s booth. Tom gulped down a mouthful of hot coffee managing to blurt out a sarcastic greeting, “Misters Barnes & Colder, I trust you slept well? Please come and join us.” Tom waived at the empty seats beside both men, “This is my colleague, Mr. Kevin Waits he works with me up at the mine.” The last part of the introduction was totally redundant, as the logo on the mine t-shirt was the first give away. The men took their seats with Raj facing Tom Jantz, and Dan facing Kevin Waits. “I see you’ve met some of the colorful locals, what fanciful tales have they been filling your heads with?” Tom raised his cup to his mouth, as Annie approached the table holding two large plates of food.

“Here you go,” said Annie, sliding the plates across the table, “its musical chairs around here this morning,” she’d noticed the new location of the two men; Annie smiled and scurried away.

“So?” reiterated Tom.

“Just getting some local reaction to what’s going on around here; any good hunter does his recon before he walks into a situation. We like to talk with the locals, get a feel for the terrain, and understand what we’re dealing with. We like to consider diverse views and approach a problem from different angles. You never know when you’ll need a plan B.” Raj kept a good firm lock on Tom’s eyes. 

Dan was screaming inside  -  ‘Yeah. That told him!’

“A plan B you say, I can see that being useful from time to time.” Tom stuffed some steaming hashbrowns into his mouth. With his mouth still full of food he turned to Kevin, “See that’s why we hire professionals Kevin - plan B, who would’ve thought of that.” he mumbled. Once Tom had chewed and swallowed his food he focused his attention upon Raj. “I want to create a hunting party that you two will lead, I’ll be with you and I’ll bring some of my men. We leave this morning and we’ll hunt that damn Bear until we find it. I want you guys to get your gear together and meet me at the hotel at 10.45am. We need action not fairy tales and plan B’s - Got it?” said Tom, holding his food covered knife within his enormous clenched fist.

Dan decided it was his time to talk. He turned his considerable frame in the direction of Tom Jantz reaching for his clenched fist. Dan squeezed Tom’s fist so tight that his fingers were starting to turn blue, “Perhaps you should let us talk, after all, we’re the professionals, and we were hired to do this job. Got it?”

Raj was shocked, but the extreme act worked as Kevin remained glued to his seat and Tom nodded reluctantly, “We agree with parts of your crude assessment,” started Raj. “We need to assemble a very small hunting party. The more men we have, the less chance we’ll have of killing this beast. It will smell us a mile away; it will hear us, and it will sense us. I’m happy to include yourself and one of your colleagues to join our hunting party.”

“Kevin will come with me,” said Tom, giving Kevin a reassuring nod.

“We’ll also include the Indian Chief, as he knows this terrain better than anyone, especially the deep forest. His tracking skills will be a useful compliment to our own.”

“He’s an idiot full of stupid old stories from times gone by, full of mystical phantasms, spectres, and ghosts, who will apparently hunt us from the shadows.” Tom waved his finger in a circular motion near his temple to signify the Chief being mentally unstable. “He’s an old fool trying to convince you to take him along for his own self importance.” The two men from the mine both laughed dismissively.

Raj held firm. “He may have some interesting stories, but he’s still a damn good tracker, and he knows these forests. He’s coming.” Raj glanced at Dan, as if to ready him for the next piece of news he was to deliver to Tom Jantz. “We’ve decided we want to bring the guy talking with the Indian Chief also.”

Tom was shaking his head. “No way.”

Kevin joined in with the disapproval, “No.”

Dan evened up the score by staring at Kevin, “Yes, he’s coming.”

Raj continued, “He’s coming. I understand he’s spent a lot of time in the woods, and he’s highly proficient with a bow. We may need a silent weapon when we get in there. He’s a big bloke and he can carry a lot of supplies. He looks like he can fight, and we need all the strength and brawn that we can get. Besides, if you think we’re walking into the woods with you two and an old Indian Chief then you’re nuts. We wouldn’t emerge alive, unfortunately killed by the beast, with no witnesses, and no payment due, how convenient.” Dan hadn’t thought of that, and suddenly felt better having the monk accompany them.

“Gentlemen, is there no trust here?” exclaimed Tom.

“Funny things happen in the forest, bringing some special skills to our hunting team will be welcomed and they will both be included. We’ll meet you tomorrow at 10.45am, come prepared and we’ll start our hunt.”

Tom spoke with his mouth full of food, “Wait a minute, what’s this guy’s name, and why would he do this for nothing?”

Raj bluffed his way through, “His name’s Kaan, we’re going to pay him, and he needs the cash. Eat now, then get your gear and meet us back at the hotel.” Both Raj and Dan left the company of Tom and Kevin to rejoin Kaan and the Chief. The conversation was replayed for their benefit before they all left the diner to gather belongings and supplies. Dan marveled at how persuasive Raj had acted and his ability to control and manipulate the situation so smoothly. Dan realized that he was learning valuable life lessons that can’t be taught at school. He realized that people never see a sharp, creative mind; they’re more superficial preferring to see a frail, old, man from India. In this realm people don't see a confused, scared, fourteen-year-old insecure boy, they see a confident, muscle bound man. A valuable life lesson that everyone comes to understand with age is when you take the time to get to know someone, and dig a little deeper, you’ll always be pleasantly surprised by what you find. People are essentially the same, motivated by similar dreams, and held back by similar fears and insecurities. There’s always a reason why people act the way that they do, and we never truly know what’s going on in people’s lives. It was a good lesson for Dan to learn.

When Dan reached the entrance of the hotel, he started to break down with worry; he looked at Raj, unable to hold back his true feelings, “Raj, I’m sorry, I don't know if I can go through with this. You see me as this large muscular man, but you have to remember, I’m only fourteen years old. I’m pretty scared right now and I don't want to die. I was excited about this whole thing, until I realized we could be in real danger, and we could die! I didn't sign up to die; this is totally different to my video games. I’m only fourteen!”

Raj looked into the eyes of the large frightened man and finally saw the fear of a little boy. “I understand. It’s totally up to you. We can hide out until its time to go back and we see the crimson butterflies. Just remember this, you are in the body of a trained killer and a supreme hunter. Any skills that this man has, you now have, and will always have. It never goes away. You will always know how to hunt, fight, and track your prey. Every time that you take on a persona you will inherit tremendous skills, which will always stay with you. I won’t let you come to any harm, I promise you. This is your decision, and it’s a big decision, and only you can decide what your fate will be, but I’ll respect it.”

“I want to go home, but I don't want to let these people down, or you, and I feel that I am. What if it’s me that fate has chosen to kill the beast? I’m scared Raj, really scared.”

Raj spoke softly, “Dan, I’m 74 years old, and I’m scared too, just like you. You’re a kid, there’s no expectation, and you’re not letting me down at all. I never thought I’d ever get to go on another adventure during my lifetime. I’ve missed this feeling of excitement so much that I was too eager to jump in, without considering your feelings, and I’m sorry for that. Please forgive me, I’m an old fool desperate to feel like a young man with a purpose again.”

“You don't need to apologize, I understand. You want to feel young and needed again, and I guess I like feeling older, bigger, and less of a burden, less vulnerable. Let’s get on with this. I have to trust myself, and my new skills; above all else, I have to trust the Dream Cane, after all, it selected us both to do this mission. Promise me one thing though, you have to look out for me and remember that I’m only fourteen!” Raj smiled, and nodded his acceptance.  


* * * * *


The Fourth Realm - Vianna


Chapter 12: The Hunting Party
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District.

“You have to know who you are, if you don't you have nightmares.”


A large black pickup truck pulled into the parking lot of the Grafton Hotel; it’s tires made that familiar crunching noise as it moved across the gravel. The truck was decorated with the logo from Asquith Mine, proudly displayed on each door. The truck’s flat bed was loaded with supplies and weapons, an arsenal required for a job of this type. Dan and Raj exited the rear of the hotel at precisely 10.45am as agreed; they each carried two large bags, a lighter load in contrast to their mining colleagues. A white jeep-like vehicle entered the parking lot at a slow speed the Indian Chief was at the wheel, with Kaan the monk, in the passenger seat. The team had assembled and the hunt was about to begin. The men gathered in the center of the dusty gravel yard, each wondering what to expect, tingling with fear, and excitement. The Chief broke the silence, “I’ve heard from local hunters that this thing is prowling around Tanner’s Ridge, we’ve had reports of strange howls, and sightings of a large animal. I suggest we drive to the lookout point and hike across the valley to the ridge. From there we can start the track.”

Kevin flexed his chest, “Who put you in charge?”

Raj stepped forward quickly to check his ego, “I doubt your reconnaissance is any better, I didn't hear you offering up any suggestions where this beast might be hiding. So shut it, if it’s tracking we’re talking about then he’s in charge. Unless you’re an expert tracker Kevin and you just haven’t shared that with us.” Dan stepped forward taking his position just behind Raj’s left shoulder and broadened his chest in a powerful display of support.

Kevin used the toe of his boot to make little circles in the dusty parking lot gravel, “Let’s get going then, why don't you lead the way Indian,” said Tom, clearly irritated at Kevin for showing his biased feelings towards the Indian.

The Indian Chief nodded his head, as the monk moved his considerable frame forwards, the Chief motioned to Dan and Raj; he raised his hand waist high, before curling his fingers in a ‘come here’ gesture. “You two can ride with us,” he said, grabbing a couple of their large bags. Once the men had loaded their bags into the jeep, they took their positions in the vehicle. The Chief drove while Raj sat next to him in the passenger seat; the two larger men were squeezed into the rear seats. 

“We can’t trust them,” said the monk, stating the obvious.

Raj turned his head to address the occupants in the rear seats, “We don't, just as they don't trust us, but we’ll need to watch each others backs, this unit right here needs to stay strong - got it?” The monk responded to Raj’s question by nodding his acceptance. Dan nodded making sure he kept strong eye contact with the monk, ensuring that an accord had been agreed. Going forward they had to be a team, stronger as a combined force, “Good, how long to the lookout point?” inquired Raj.

“About ninety minutes,” said the Chief, checking to see if his jeep was still being followed.
Raj rubbed his forehead, “Great, enough time to tell me everything you know about these clowns behind us,” he turned to face the monk. “Then you can tell us everything you know about this beast.”

The Chief talked about the Village of Autumn and it’s rich, deep heritage. He talked about his tribe and the struggles that the Indians had fitting in with the modern world. It was obvious that the Indians had battled many demons in their modern struggle for survival. The village relied upon the mine, which provided a steady boost to its small economy. The village had suffered its fair share of tragedy with drifters, murders, accidents, and crimes that people in remote areas often commit. Then the village seemed to change for the worse as an unusually high number of violent incidents, fights, and aggression, took hold of this small community, where it started to affect the smooth operation and profitability of the mine. That’s when mine officials called in outsiders to increase the security at the mine and to protect their assets.

This wasn't a bad idea as miners like to drink, and can get rowdy when they’re bored and working long assignments in the isolated north. Tom Jantz was an outsider, parachuted in by the mining company’s top brass, to restore calm and orderly production quotas. It wasn't long before a small enforcement group of large muscular men appeared in the village, they were all dressed in black t-shirts sporting the mine’s security logo. This happened to coincide with the Sheriff’s personal melt down. The Sheriff lost his newborn daughter to a mis-carriage and soon after, marital problems escalated. He turned to booze as a way of handling his issues and stopped paying his attractive wife the attention, and respect, that she deserved.  

Jean was a fiery red headed local girl, with immense pride, and a keen wit. She tried to stick by her husband, but his rumored infidelities circulated quickly around this small community. When news of an illegitimate son surfaced, Jean decided that she’d suffered enough. She left the Village of Autumn for an exciting job in Laran City, and the chance of a fresh start, she never looked back. When the divorce came through, the whiskey started to flow, and the Sheriff ballooned into the caricature that you see today. With an ineffective Sheriff, the village fell into darker times, and petty crimes were on the rise and left unpunished. The miners became belligerent, and overly demanding of the village inhabitants. Once Tom Jantz and his posse arrived, the village embraced him as the new lawman, unofficially giving him the mantle of lawmaker and law-keeper. Tom’s powers grew, and with the village’s consent, he started to manipulate the situation until nothing happened in the Village of Autumn without Tom’s consent. It wasn't too long before the village locals began to resent the control that Tom had acquired, but it was too late. Black shirted enforcers were already in place to ensure any dissenting voices were quickly silenced, and the mine’s interests were placed at the front of any discussion or decision.

It had seemed like an eternity, but the small convoy had been driving for about ninety minutes when the Chief pulled the jeep sharply to the right to exit onto a dirt road concealed by bushes and trees. The road wasn’t marked, and would have easily been missed by the casual observer. The jeep rocked on the uneven road, tossing its occupants from side to side, but it wasn’t long before the overhanging trees enveloped the road entirely, blotting out the sunlight as they moved deeper into the forest.

The truck followed closely behind with their lights flashing in the jeep’s mirror due to the bumps and dips in the dirt road. Silence fell within the truck as they realized how deep into the woods they had travelled, and how they were now part of the hunt. The forest encroached upon the road throwing obstacles at them where they needed to carefully drive around large boulders. A large rock outcrop cut into the road’s path and the vehicles had to slow down as they drove precariously over the uneven surface. 

After about an hour the dirt road disappeared completely, leaving an exceptionally narrow mud track. The truck was wider than the leading jeep, and it struggled to fit within the narrow path. Twigs and branches scraped the sides of the advancing truck. Still they pressed onwards until they reached a small grassy open clearing. The jeep pulled to a stop and the truck parked along its side. Raj gave Dan a reassuring smile.

The Chief gripped the steering wheel tightly as if to hang on to this moment; he turned the key and killed the idling engine, “Well men, we’re here; this is as far as the jeep goes, we’ll have to go in on foot the rest of the way. Grab your gear guys.” The Chief unsnapped his seat belt and slid out of the vehicle. Tom and Kevin had left the truck relieved to have made it through the narrow route.

“I was hoping that I didn’t have to reverse back out of that road, it’s pretty narrow,” said Tom feeling relieved.

“Grab your gear; we have about a ninety minute walk ahead of us, we’re not there yet.” The Chief pointed to a small gap in the trees revealing a footpath heading further north. The men gathered what they could carry and loaded their strong bodies with large backpacks. Tom and Kevin openly carried weapons, while the rest of the men had packed theirs leaving their hands free. The Chief sidled up to Kaan, “Do you have your knife?”

“Yes.” Kaan gave the Chief a quizzical look.

“Good. Keep it handy. We won’t meet any animal or the beast on our way in; that I’m certain of. What I’m more worried about are those two cowboys, armed to the teeth. I don’t trust them as we enter the dense part of the forest and I’m not sure what crazy plans they might have. Do you follow me?” The monk nodded, knowing exactly what the Chief meant, “I want you at the back of the line, the trail will only allow for single file, and I’ll lead from the front. I want you at the back where you can keep an eye on these two characters. Trust me, there’s nothing to worry about in here except them. Don’t let them slow down and drop to the back of the line, then we all become vulnerable.”

The monk nodded as Tom and Kevin approached, “We ready fellas?” inquired Tom.

The Chief responded quickly, “Yes we are. The trail leads due north and is very narrow, so we’ll have to go in single file, and stay tight. I’ll lead and Kaan will bring up the rear.” 

Kevin flashed a look of disappointment towards Tom, easily giving away their previously agreed plans while Tom didn’t flinch; the Chief glanced at the automatic weapons that the mine guys held in their hands, “This trail is rocky and uneven, make damn sure you have your safety switches locked on those weapons, we wouldn’t want any accidents would we.”

Tom remained motionless, but Kevin reached down immediately and applied the safety latch on his weapon. As the Chief walked away in the direction of the trail, he whispered instructions to Dan, “Go to the back with Kaan.”

Kevin moved closer to Tom, “Why are we paying these hunters from the big city? The Chief seems to be running the show, not them.”

Tom snapped a response, “The Chief will be no good when we find the Bear, let’s hope these jokers know what they’re doing then.”

The walking order was now established, as they entered the roughly cut trail; the Chief led the way, followed by Raj, Tom, Kevin, and Dan, with the monk bringing up the rear. The trail was uneven and covered in loose rocks, protruding tree roots, wet shale and rough grass. Overhanging tree limbs and tall ferns made the walking difficult, but no one complained. They remained quiet, as if a vow of silence had been taken, with no one wanting to draw attention to their group. The forest was deathly quiet, the absence of sound, movement, and generally any sign of life, was eerie. The steady breathing of the men carrying the heaviest loads was the only sound to be heard. Nobody asked for a rest, as the group pressed onwards for well over an hour. The forest grew dense, then cleared for a while, followed by dense patches again. It seemed longer than everyone expected, but finally, they reached an elevated jagged rocky ridge, where the forest thinned out. They began to climb as the Chief expertly navigated through a dangerous path across the sharp rocky outcrop leading to a hidden rock ledge. The group turned to look at the elevated view offered by the vista across the treetops and down through a sweeping valley.

The Chief interrupted, “Here,” he said pointing away from the wide stone ledge towards the dark entrance to a hidden cave. “We’ll setup camp here tonight.” The cave was quite deep, with a narrow entrance that offered little comfort with its dirt floor and rough walls.

As the men started to unpack their gear, Raj whispered to the Chief, “Is this the place? Is this your sacred place?”

The Chief looked at the men to ensure they were out of earshot, “Yes, this is the place. The beast is looking for this cave, he will smell us; he’ll come and get us in his own good time. We’ll need to setup camp and wait for him. The cave offers good protection with that narrow path being the only access point. Let’s get organized and think about our defense plan.”

The afternoon seemed tense, the time was filled with unpacking and arranging the arsenal of weapons and supplies. Raj and Dan paid particular attention to the men from the mine, not trusting them an inch. The Chief collected wood and made a fire in the mouth of the cave. He smudged the site to pay homage to his ancestors and readied the fire to be lit as the evening’s chilly air approached. While collecting wood, the Chief also gathered some Corrian ferns in a leather pouch attached to his belt. The temperature had started to fall as the sun fought hard to stay above the tree line and supply warmth. Once the Chief returned to the ledge, he used the ferns to create a sap-like liquid as he ground the ferns in a stone hollow. He carefully gathered the thick liquid with a rag and wiped the powerful poisonous residue onto the sharpened blade of his axe. The Chief knew conventional weapons would not harm the Karcon; his ancestors had used Corrian poison together with a powerful spiritual artifact, such as the elder’s axe. He remembered the stories of previous encounters and knew what he must do.

Eventually the evening’s chill and the darkness had crept onto the stone ledge, the cool night’s air had informed the Chief that it was time to light the fire. The men gathered around the fire for welcome warmth and some banal conversation. It was a comment from Kevin that suddenly changed the mood. Kevin studied the Chief who was staring into the dancing flames of the fire, his attention shifted to the two prolific hunters from the big city. They looked calm, as did the monk; it annoyed him. Kevin couldn’t hold it inside anymore, “I have to ask, ‘cos I really need to know this, what the hell is out there? I mean, what exactly are we hunting out there? Because, I’ve got this strange feeling that you guys know.”

A heavy silence fell upon the group, more deafening than the silence of the forest and time seemed to stand still for a few moments. Raj was the first to recover from Kevin’s bluntness, “In all of our previous conversations you two have been convinced that it’s a large Bear - that’s what you told us this was. Tell me, has some doubt crept into your mind? Do you think it could be something else?”

Kevin fidgeted anxiously, while Tom glared at him, uncertain of what he would say next, “Nice and evasive, answering a question with a question. Do you know what we’re hunting? Do you know what’s out there?” shouted Tom, raising his voice with the first strains of fear coursing through his question.

To everyone’s surprise it was Kaan that sprang to his feet and calmly walked away from the fire, and its comforting warmth. He walked to the edge of the rock ledge and stopped inches from the sudden drop. “Gentlemen,” he said, inserting a long pause to ensure he had their full attention. “We don’t know exactly what we’re facing, but we do know it’s not a Bear. I can tell you with some certainty, it’s not a Bear.”

“And how exactly would you know what this thing is monk? Is a bow and arrow going to stop such a beast? You’re not being honest with us.” Tom was agitated and his voice was raised sufficiently to carry a long way into the dark forest night. “Who the hell are you, and why are you really here? These guys are supposed to be the hunting experts, not you!”

The monk turned to face the fire, “You’re right it’s time we were honest.” The Chief shot him a worried look knowing the men would not accept the truth. “We’re here to kill a beast. This is not like any animal you’ve seen before, but I have. I’ve been sent by the Church, to help these hunters kill this beast.”

“The Church?” echoed Kevin. “Is this the devil or some kind of possessed evil beast?”

The Chief adjusted his weight nervously, “Come now, we know the woods at night can make a man’s imagination run wild. I think you’ve been watching too many horror movies my friend. What we have here is an animal from deep in the forest, rarely seen, and particularly nasty. We need to kill it, before it kills us. It has a taste for human flesh now, so it’s dangerous.”

Then, as if written in a corny script of a cheaply produced B-movie, a loud, deep, guttural howl, echoed across the wooded valley like a foghorn wails from a boat navigating its way through dense fog. It continued for several sobering seconds making the hairs stand erect on the back of the men’s necks.

The monk knew it was the unmistakable sound of a Karcon. Afterwards, there was nothing, only the sound of the crackling fire as it consumed the wooden branches. The monk continued, “He knows we’re here, he can smell us. We’ll be safe tonight, for he won’t attack six of us in the dark on this narrow ledge.”

“Does he know where we are?” inquired Tom, trying not to show his fear.

“Yes, he can smell us, and he can smell the fire, and your loud shouting was a pretty good clue. He knows exactly where we are, and that’s what we want. He has to come to us. We should never engage him in open woods, we’d all die quickly.”

Kevin couldn’t resist, “So monk, tell us, what does this thing look like?”

The monk smiled as he returned to his place by the fire, “Imagine the most fearsome werewolf you’ve ever seen at the movies, now double its size, and that’s what we’re up against.”

The Chief held his breath while listening to the monk; he exhaled and started to breath again. Some of the tribe elders had shared the legends of the chilling, forest stopping howl of a dark beast, but to hear it reverberating around the deserted forest was truly frightening. The monk had performed an expert job of telling the truth while taking some liberties, and making necessary room for some omissions.

It returned to being a calm night, still dark and overcast, there was not a breath of wind, as the trees below kept a silent vigil. The crackle of the fire seemed amplified against the backdrop of a wall of silence.

The Chief decided that they’d all had enough excitement for one night, “We’ll be safe tonight, but we’ll rotate a watch. Two hour shifts, then we wake the next guy. I’ll go first, Kaan you’re next so get your heads down. Looks like we’ll need all our strength tomorrow, so try to get some rest. Reluctantly, the men assumed their sleeping positions, but the eerie howling noise haunted their dreams. 

Both Raj and Dan couldn’t sleep, in complete contrast to the loud, rhythmic, snoring noises, emanating from Kevin and Tom. The Chief was facing the path with his body turned away from the sleeping men. It was Dan that noticed it first; the faintest flicker of a movement caught his keen eye against the darkness. He lifted his head from his makeshift pillow just as a bright crimson butterfly fluttered past his curious gaze. Raj moved his body carefully to determine if Dan had seen the sign; they both knew it was time to go.


* * * * *


The Fifth Realm - Earth


Chapter 13: First Day at School
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“I’ve never let school interfere with my education.”


Raj was the first to wake from his deep sleep, Liz woke them from their slumber by knocking at the apartment door, and Raj knew he didn’t have much time, “I’m coming Liz, hold on, I’ll be right there.” Raj turned quickly in Dan’s direction, “Listen to me, and remember, everything that Barnes knows about hunting, tracking, weapons, and fighting, will always stay with you. Those skills, those instincts, and all of his experiences are part of you now. Every person that you become through the wonders of the Dream Cane will give you skills that you don't even know you have. You’ll see my friend; you're a changed man now.” Raj hurried to the door switching gears effortlessly, “Hi Liz, you caught us both napping again,” said Raj, while he unlocked and opened the door. Dan was still half asleep, still slumped in his chair as his weary looking Mother entered the apartment.

“Come on kiddo, it’s been a long shift, and I’m ready for bed.”

Dan moved to his feet slowly following his Mother out of the apartment and into the hallway. He was tired, excited, and relieved. He looked forward to sleeping safely tonight, snug within his own comfortable bed. Liz looked tired; she thanked Raj but she really needed to go to bed and rest. She wasn't in the mood to talk, and for once, that was fine with Dan, “Good night kiddo!” she said, closing her bedroom door.

“Night Mum,” said Dan, with the deathly howl of a Karcon still ringing in his ears. Morning came swiftly, but Dan had slept deeply and was rested. No dreams or nightmares had interrupted his sleep, he felt good. Dan could hear the gurgling noise of the coffee maker and busy sounds emanating from the kitchen; his Mother was up and about. He rolled out of bed still dressed in his pajamas, and stumbled into the kitchen yawning.

“Good morning sleepy head, I was going to give you another ten minutes before I came in to wake you up to start your big day.” She smiled and grabbed a breakfast bowl before pouring some cereal into it.

“Big day? What big day” inquired Dan, oblivious to her excitement?

“It’s your first day at a new school today, that's always a big day!” If Dan was sleepy and uninterested when he entered the kitchen then his whole demeanor had changed in an instant. He remembered that today was indeed his first day at John Hollins Public School. Dan had completely forgotten and was dreading this day, “We have an appointment with Mrs. Oakley, at 9am, and then she’ll get you assigned to a class, and then the big fun begins,” said Liz, with a large smile plastered across her face. Dan stared at his bowl of cereal trying to imagine the day that lay ahead. Things had changed since his Mother went to school. The fact that he was the new kid, and a boy, meant he would be put through some serious bullying to introduce him to the school. It happened in every school he’d joined, and this one would not be different. It didn't matter how nice the neighborhood was; it was always the same. Liz had a good feeling about this school; it was different with nice people, and a better class of kids. Dan was going to like this one and he was going to fit in.

The morning moved quickly as he ate, showered, and dressed in comfortable clothes - clothes that would blend in. He chose a pair of black skater shoes, plain blue jeans, and a black backpack. He selected a baggy blue t-shirt, with a small white stripe that ran from the collar to the hem. He wore no logos or designs that would draw unnecessary unwanted attention. The goal today was to blend in unnoticed. Liz walked with Dan to John Hollins Public School’s administration building. He noticed a few late stragglers, but most of the kids were already indoors by the time they entered the school. A receptionist escorted them to the office of the headmistress, and Dan shook her hand. She seemed very nice and friendly, but they always do at the start. His Mother made small talk and soon she was leaving him with some lunch money and a worried smile.

Mrs. Oakley showed Dan to his locker and allowed him to choose his four-digit padlock combination. He chose the number ‘1701,’ the number emblazoned across the front of the Starship Enterprise, from his favorite TV show, Star Trek. Dan was then led to a class in progress; he sat at an empty desk within a class of about thirty students. The teacher seemed friendly and she welcomed him to the class. The teacher continued with her class where she talked about the history of the area, and the effects the civil war had on the local region. Dan listened but his mind wandered to the Waishee Tribe’s Indian Chief, the Karcon, and the monk named Kaan, Barnes & Colder, Tom Jantz and Kevin Waits, the Asquith mine, and Annie at Autumn’s Diner. He was starting to get hungry, what he wouldn't give for a plate of pancakes and a cup of coffee at the diner right now. Dan secretly studied his classmates; they seemed okay, as they listened to the teacher intently. They did seem a cut above his previous school, for they were better dressed, better groomed, and were actually paying attention; some were even taking notes!

The teacher, Ms. Claridge, would become his home teacher. She addressed the class and instructed them to take a thirty-minute break, “Dan and Ray, can you two please come and see me now, the rest of you back in thirty minutes at this same room.” The children dispersed quickly, as if they’d been excused for the whole day. 

Ray looked sheepish, “What have I done wrong miss?” he opined.

“Nothing, but I need you to do me a favor. This is Dan, he’s new, and you Mr. Smeade, are going to help him through his first recess, you need to show him the ropes, introduce him around, and show him where he can get a snack. You know, the stuff you men do on recess, and when the bell rings, bring him back here in one piece, got it?”

Ray looked like he’d been duped, “Yup, I’m the designated baby sitter for the fresher.”

“Off you go, and behave yourself. Leave your stuff here, and I’ll lock the room,” she raised her voice to inform the class most of which had already left.

The two boys exited the classroom and spilled into the packed hallway. “I’m Ray,” said the wiry boy with a shock of blonde hair, extending his hand.

“Dan,” he said, shaking Ray’s hand firmly.

“Ok Dan, just act cool, and stick with me, if you don't want to be beaten up.” Ray hurried down the hallway to a large common room. This is where you get your grub, at lunch time they serve food over there,” he said, pointing to a serving station that was currently empty. “If you’re hungry now, we have a delectable array of choices, dispensed by these lovely machines, and let me tell you, they’re more polite than the people who serve us food at lunch time. Want anything?”

Dan thought about it, “Yeah, I’m starving.”

“Stick your coins in here and then choose your poison.” Ray had already selected a number on the keypad when a Mars Bar dropped into the catcher at the base of the vending machine. Dan grabbed some coins from his jeans pocket and selected the same. They ate their chocolate bars and walked towards a side door. Ray opened the door and motioned for Dan to follow, “Ok Dan, here’s the rules to keep your face in one piece. See the benches over there,” Ray pointed and Dan nodded. “Those benches are off limits, they’re reserved for the cool kids, and right now you’re not one of them. The in-crowd gathers there, know what I mean, the best looking girls, the jocks, the rich kids and the good-looking people. If you go over there, well you’re looking for a fight. Over here, is where you and I will hang out, but there are rules. The fence and the trees are too far away. That's where the shady deals are going down, and where all of the fights happen. Far away from prying eyes and the teachers don't venture over there. It’s the most dangerous place in the yard, got it?” Again, Dan nodded. “This area here is safe, it’s where you need to blend in, and keep your eyes to the ground for the first few weeks, until you get some friends. Friends mean protection, and right now you’re out there on your own. I’m showing you the ropes, but lets get one thing clear, I don't know you, not well enough to get my face rearranged because I’m sticking up for you ok?”

Dan nodded from experience, “Yeah, I get the drill.”

“Good, you learn fast. The teachers only care about what happens inside the school grounds. Inside you’re safe, but remember, before and after school, you have to leave the safety zone. So it’s best to blend in and try to go unnoticed. I’ve been here for four years, and the best looking girls still don't know who I am,” Ray cracked a smile, and Dan laughed. “That’s good, a sense of humor will go a long way to surviving John Hollins Public School. Let’s go back inside.”

Ray and Dan chatted about life at the school, the daily routine, weird teacher habits, and generally how to survive, and most important, who to avoid. Ray was warming up to Dan, in truth, he liked him, and he seemed OK. When the bell rang they returned to their homeroom, and Ms. Claridge. She watched them enter the classroom, “Have you taught him all the bad tricks?” she said, with a wry smile. Ms. Claridge knew Ray was a good kid; he was careful, attentive, and had good grades.

“Yup, showed him where all the land mines are,” said Ray, half joking.

“Alright then, let’s get settled down, and we can learn about the South’s role in this war.”

Ms. Claridge was a pretty good teacher; she described the civil war in a way the class could relate to. She made it interesting and engaging. She involved the class, and was never patronizing or superior. Dan could see why the kids listened, because she was fun, and the morning flew by. When the bell went for lunch, Dan looked at Ray like a lost puppy. Ray made his way over and asked Dan, “Do you remember how to get to the lunch area?” Dan nodded. “I’m sorry, I can’t come with you, I’m working on an assignment today, and we’ve got some computer time booked in the lab, so you’re on your own this time I’m afraid.”

Dan understood, he nodded and smiled, “No problem, thanks for showing me the ropes.” As the class cleared out, Dan headed towards the common room, and the lunch station he’d been shown earlier. It wasn't too hard to find for he simply followed the steady stream of kids milling their way through the corridors in the same general direction. With his backpack slung casually over his shoulder, he tried to blend in and act like he belonged. He watched a boy in front of him join one of the food lines and followed suit. After inching forward for about ten minutes, he collected a tray, and followed the kid in front of him. He was presented with various food options, and he chose the Shepherd’s pie with vegetables. He selected an orange juice from the dispenser, and paid for his meal using his lunch money. That's when it started to get tricky; where was he going to sit?

Dan found a small, empty table for two, pushed against a wall in the far corner of the eating hall. It was the perfect place to just blend in. He sat at the table, re-arranged his plate, tray, cutlery, and drink, before he began to eat. He kept his eyes on his food and didn’t make direct eye contact with anyone sitting around him. He managed to casually switch his attention between several conversations within earshot, as he entertained himself with other people’s issues, but he appeared conveniently dis-engaged by staring at his food.

Dan sensed a figure standing perilously close to him; he wished he’d brought a book to hide within. The Catcher in the Rye, or Jamaica Inn, would have provided a nice shield, where he could have disappeared, but that didn't always work. The Call of the Wild paperback book got him into his last fight, and he’d decided against reading books at school, he didn't need to provide additional ammunition for the bullies. Just then a girl’s sweet voice broke his concentration, “Native Indian Legends,” she said.

Dan raised his eyes from his plate of Shepherd’s pie, and stared into the most beautiful brown eyes he’d ever seen. It was the girl from the library smiling at him, “You're the guy studying Native Indian Legends, but you don't look like you're a native Indian. Normally guys your age are trying to find art books containing dirty pictures,” again she smiled, clearly teasing him. “I’m kidding! I’m Ally and you are?”

“Dan, I’m Dan.”

“I’ve never seen you around here before, are you new?”

“First day, but don't tell anyone,” said Dan, finally relaxing and flashing an awkward smile.

“Are you going to leave a girl standing here holding my tray, or are you going offer me a seat?” she said, flicking her brilliant eyes towards the empty chair. Without waiting for his response Ally moved her tray towards the table.

“Oh, sorry yes, please sit down.” Dan pulled his tray towards him, allowing Ally to slide her tray onto the table. She wore a bright green t-shirt and black jeans. Dangling from her ears was a pair of silver earrings and she wore silver bangles on her wrist that clanged together when they hit the top of the table. She’d bought a small tuna sandwich that she proceeded to unwrap before taking a generous bite, “Ummm, this is so good, I’m starving, and yes, I do eat normally, not like some of these supermodel wannabe’s, I’m a normal girl, with a normal appetite, I actually like food,” she said, diving in for another bite.

“That’s good,” said Dan, the words seemed to stumble from his mouth.

Ally stopped chewing, “You poking fun at me?”

“No,” said Dan, totally confused.

In an instant her serious frown line relaxed, the chewing started again, and her eyes twinkled. “So Dan, which homeroom are you in?”

“Er, Ms. Claridge.”

“No way, you just got here, and they put you with Claridge, you lucky toad.” Ally took another enormous bite. With a full mouth of food she mumbled, “She’s the best.” She looked at Dan’s half eaten Shepherd’s pie and mumbled again, “You don't like your food?”

“Oh, yes,” said Dan, scooping a mouthful onto his fork, and shoveling it into his mouth. Ally smiled and her nose crinkled in an indescribably cute way. Dan was mesmerized. He could feel the presence of another figure standing over his left shoulder. When Ally raised her head, her smile quickly disappeared.

Dan turned to see a large framed boy, holding a super sized soda swishing around in a brightly colored paper cup, “Well this looks cozy Ally, I didn't know that you liked to slum it with the idiots. You should be sitting with us Ally, and not getting your pretty clothes all stinky by hanging around with degenerates like this retard.”

Dan tried to remain calm but he wanted to punch this kid. He was huge and towered over the pair of them. Ally swallowed the last bite of her sandwich and looked at the giant kid, “This is Ted, Ted this is Dan, he’s pretty smart, and he’s just started at our school, he’s new.” Ally tried to sell it with a cute smile, but Ted wasn't buying it.

“I don't give a crap who he is, he’s a retard, and you should be sitting over there, with us.” Ted moved towards Ally grabbing her small forearm forcibly. He started to tip the soda cup towards Dan when something very strange started to happen. Dan’s instincts kicked in, and without thinking, he pushed his right forearm upwards to deflect the soda shower he was certainly going to wear. Soda splattered on the floor behind him. He pushed himself to his feet, just in time to see Ted let go of Ally, and swing his left fist towards his face. Dan blocked the blow, by pushing his right forearm forcibly across Ted’s arm. Frustrated in his inability to land a blow, Ted took a step backwards and swung his foot towards Dan, in an attempt to kick him. Dan used his hand to deflect the blow, and with a single controlled movement, landed one, short, sharp, punch, to his chin, which knocked Ted out cold. 

The common room erupted with shouts, jeers, and spontaneous applause. Ted was a known bully, and the little kid had just flattened him; this was a popular move, but not for everyone. An on-duty teacher was quickly on the scene administering aid for Ted, and ordering Dan to go and see Mrs. Oakley. Dan’s fighting instincts were so honed they’d taken him by surprise. He was ushered out of the common room by a male teacher who was marching him to the principal’s office. “Barnes,” mumbled Dan, under his breath, “I fight like Barnes.”

“What,” said the male teacher?

“He started it,” said Dan.

“Doesn't matter,” said the male teacher, pointing to a small row of chairs, “Sit and wait.”

When Dan was called into the Principal’s office, Mrs. Oakley seemed to go easy on Dan, she knew Ted had a bad reputation as a bully, and she knew it was Dan’s first day. She lectured him on fighting and warned him not to fight at school. She gave him a stern warning but she was lenient, “I won’t inform your Mother, or expel you this time, but there better not be a next time; we have a zero tolerance rule here.” Mrs. Oakley asked Dan to explain what happened. He completed his story and was interrupted by a knock at the door. “Stay here,” she said, as she left the office. After a couple of minutes she returned, “We have witnesses that agree with your version of events. Seems like you didn't start this one, but you certainly finished it. Ted’s a bully, and we know that. Dan, you have to tread carefully now, Ted has two older brothers who both attend this school. They’ll be looking for you, and you have to stay calm. I can overlook this but if I see you in here again for fighting, I’m going to have to suspend you.” Dan nodded, accepting the position Mrs. Oakley had outlined. He was going to have to address these brothers, but he needed to do this outside of the school grounds. As Dan left her office she knew he’d be back.

Dan received strange looks and nods of appreciation from the school’s students for the rest of the day. He tried desperately to stay out of trouble. Afternoon break was spent in the common room where he stayed under the nose of the supervising teacher. Returning back to class, he caught a glimpse of Ally; she looked worried. Before taking his seat Ray managed to slip him a message, “Hey man, its all over school, the Smith brothers are gearing up for a wrecking after school, you might want to slip out the back way, just saying.” Dan smiled with a reassured air of confidence, but the truth was, he was far from being confident. Could he handle this? Would he get expelled and ruin the whole setup? His Mother was finally happy, he’d just found Raj, and now, because of this idiot, he faced being expelled, and possibly moved on again to another school. He couldn't bear that.

The afternoon ended with his mind wandering to the impending confrontation. Raj’s words kept ringing in his ears. He’d inherited Barnes’ fighting skills, surely that would be enough to see off two schoolyard bullies. He had to trust his instincts; but he couldn't hurt them badly. Perhaps it was best to just slip out the back way. He knew he’d be hounded until the confrontation occurred. His mind was made up, they wanted a show, and he was going to give them one, but it had to occur away from the school grounds. Classmates would occasionally sneak a look at Dan, to evaluate his chances and his demeanor. When Dan returned the look, they’d always look away quickly, afraid of what might follow. When the bell finally rang, he grabbed his books and quickly stuffed them into his backpack. Ray was there in a flash. “Dan, I’ll show you the back way.”

“Thanks Ray,” Dan said, with the hint of fear running through his soft voice, “but I think I need to face them and deal with this.”

“Are you kidding me, there’s two of them, and they’re both big Muppets, they’ll kill you, and smile doing it!” Ray shuffled nervously, watching the gathering crowd loitering outside of the classroom.

Dan could see Ms. Claridge getting suspicious, “Let’s go.” The two boys walked to the classroom door quickly met by a group of kids hanging around the hallway and expecting to witness the inevitable. Dan walked past them all and out of the main school entrance and into the yard. More kids waited, they would normally be rushing home. “Where’s the best place to go, outside of the school grounds?” he asked Ray.

“Are you serious?”

“Yes. Just tell me,” snapped Dan, impatiently.

Ray rubbed his face, “There’s a council soccer pitch, just around the block, that's where the fights usually take place. They’ll be waiting for you there.”

Two boys approached, Dan didn't recognize either of them, “You Dan?” said the pimply one.

“Who wants to know?” said Dan, acting tough.

“I’ve been told to tell you to head to Clarke’s field, your welcoming committee will be there to greet you. Me and Eddy will be happy to escort you, so you don't get lost, you being new and all.”

Dan glanced at Eddy, who didn't look like the smartest kid in the school, but could probably play linebacker on the school’s team. “It’s Eddy and I,” said Dan, correcting his grammar.

“Huh?” said the pimply kid, in utter confusion.

“Never mind, why don't you lead the way, me being new and all,” said Dan sarcastically. Ray was amazed at this kid’s bravery or was it stupidity? He wanted to see this and tagged along with the escort party. A small group of kids walked calmly through the main gates and turned left, away from Dan’s home and normal route. They walked a couple of blocks, before turning right, and walking up a small hill where Clarke’s playing fields were located. In the center of the playing fields was a soccer pitch. A larger group of about seventy kids milled about expectantly, waiting for Dan’s arrival. The kids parted in front of him and formed a circle. Dan was amazed at the choreography, as if it had been rehearsed a thousand times, and executed flawlessly. He found himself enveloped by a ring of nervous, excited, and jeering kids. Suddenly his escort party had fallen away and he found himself standing alone facing two, large, disheveled looking brutes.

One kid was tall and muscular, probably the oldest. One kid was shorter but stocky, wide, and overweight. Together they approached him with hideous smiles attached to their smug looking faces. The Smith brothers were determined to exact revenge and couldn't believe their luck as they faced this small, spindly looking kid, who couldn't put up much of a fight. They were surprised he actually turned up for the fight, and were looking forward to the carnage that would inevitably follow. The chubby one hopped with excitement as he barked out his threat, “No one takes a cheap shot at our brother and gets away with it! We’re the Smith brothers, and you mess with one of us, you mess with all of us!” It was a rousing speech, delivered in a passionate scream that incited the crowd to cheer. Dan felt unusually calm as he dropped his heavy backpack to the ground.

‘Focus on the facts, focus on the movements, and don't let the emotions determine your actions,’ said a calming voice, running through his mind. Barnes’ influence coursed through his body.

The taller-one of the brothers stepped forward, “It’s time you suffer little man,” he shouted, as he lunged forward and began to charge at Dan. Dan remained silent, still, and calm, until the Smith brother had almost reached him, and was within range. Dan fell to the ground quickly, propping himself with his cocked wrists, and spun around like a modern break-dancer, whipping his legs around in a circle. Like the blades of a propeller, his leg caught the shins of the charging brother sending him sprawling head first into the freshly mown grass. He let out a surprised yelp, as he crashed hard into the ground. Dan sprung to his feet to meet the slower linebacker brother; he managed to step aside and easily avoid the brutish thug’s desperate lunge. He watched the boy trying to adjust his considerable weight while attempting to throw punches in a wild and uncoordinated manner. It was happening so fast, that the baying crowd didn’t have time to react to the unfolding sequence of events. It was an incredible feeling for Dan, as the whole fight sequence seemed to be happening in slow motion; Dan’s reflexes were so finely honed, it felt as if he had all the time in the world to make adjustments to his body, weight, balance, and posture. Dan could react ten times faster than his opponent; it hardly seemed fair. The brothers seemed to be running through mud, in slow motion, compared to the lightening speed of Dan’s moves. The linebacker brother was horribly off-balance, yet he contorted his bulky body in an attempt to land a punch on Dan. Dan could see it coming and had anticipated his move; he stepped to his left effortlessly before planting his weight firmly on his front foot. In one fluid motion he unleashed a powerful uppercut punch. The wild flailing movement of his opponent positioned the brother’s chubby chin perfectly as it headed downwards with some considerable force. It collided with the swift uppercut full on, and as a result whipped the boy’s head backwards with great intensity. His teeth and jawbone violently slammed shut, as the observing crowd let out a collective gasp. The pinpoint accuracy of the punch, delivered with maximum ferocity, knocked the chubby kid out cold. His large motionless body came to rest in a carpet of lush green grass.

Dan spun around to see the taller Brother angrily rising to his feet with a look of determination etched across his pimply face. He swung a wild punch into the air, followed by another that missed horribly. Dan remained upright keeping light on his feet with his fists held high to protect his head and face. The boy looked gangly and uncoordinated, as he wailed punch after punch. Dan wasn't worried, as the kid expended energy hitting nothing but air. The boy was advancing with each punch; he moved closer and closer as Dan patiently waited. Finally Dan felt he was within range and whipped out one single powerful jab. He backed the punch with his entire body weight and it landed squarely on the nose of his opponent. A splatter of blood streamed across his face, as he recoiled from the direct hit. The crunching sound of bone, as his nose broke cleanly, reverberated through the encroaching crowd. The boy fell to the ground, instantly clutching his blood soaked face. Breathing became difficult as he spit up blood that was streaming into his mouth. He lay on the ground conceding defeat as silence fell upon the crowd. It was over so quickly but it had been an awesome display of effective and efficient fighting. Two succinct and accurate punches had been thrown, both in self-defense.

At that moment, Dan noticed something that had previously escaped his attention. Nudging through the crowd, partially hidden behind the fat face of a gingered haired boy, was a beautiful girl. Her face still etched with worry, but it was unmistakable; Ally had come to watch the events unfold. Dan didn't gloat or shout about his victory, he simply picked up his backpack, and walked away, heading home and not stopping to acknowledge the congratulations offered by the admiring crowd. Dan hoped this would be the end of it, but he was skeptical. Dan had hardly broken into a sweat, and received no cuts, bruises, or wounds. He would be able to go home, act normal, and not arose his Mother’s suspicions. She didn't have to know what had happened, because he knew she wouldn't be pleased, even if he did just stick up for himself.

Once clear of the crowd, Dan began to run, it wasn't out of fear; he just wanted to be alone. He wanted that whole episode to be behind him and forgotten, as he ran, a satisfied smile forced its way across his face, as he reflected on how brutally efficient his fighting skills had become. He didn't even know how he’d flattened the first kid with that spinning kick. He felt brave, and it felt good. Dan had never felt adequate; his small frame meant he was always a victim, and an easy target for the bullies. As a shy, socially inept kid, he didn't exude the confidence required to survive within the cruel world of a new school. With his newly acquired skills, delivered through the Dream Cane, all of that had suddenly changed. Dan was a new kid, a new man. He ran through the streets and didn't stop until he’d reached the door leading to his apartment. Out of breath, he grabbed his keys and entered his home.

Dan’s Mother had made a special dinner to celebrate his first day at school. He appreciated the gesture and they enjoyed each other’s company. She asked him questions about his day, his classes, his teachers, if he’d made any new friends, and if he needed anything. She asked him about his lunch and how long it took him to walk home. Dan managed to keep his cool and supply answers that satisfied her curiosity. She tidied the dinner plates away quickly; she wanted to get ready for her evening shift. “Dan,” she called out with some urgency, “start getting ready, I need you ready to go see Raj, in fifteen minutes.”

If Liz only knew how Dan had been counting down the minutes for this time of the evening to arrive. He didn't need to be told twice, Dan was excited, for he’d been looking forward to resuming his adventure with Raj. His newly acquired fighting skills had filled him with more confidence. Dan changed his clothes and was ready, and waiting to leave quickly. Liz took his enthusiasm as his way of supporting her, “You’re a good boy; I really appreciate your cooperation.” She smiled at him with a sympathetic smile that he didn't understand. A knock at Raj’s apartment door signaled their arrival; as usual, Liz was in a hurry. The door swung open and Raj greeted Liz with his normal reassuring smile. “Hi Raj, I have to run, I don't want to be late. See you boys at the normal time.” Liz scurried away and Dan smiled at Raj, as he entered the apartment.

Dan sat in his usual chair and fidgeted, as Raj locked the door. “I have to tell you something, but you have to promise not to tell my Mum,” he blurted excitedly. “I was in a fight today, well actually three fights.”

Raj crinkled his forehead in a disapproving way, and fell back into his comfy chair. “Who started the fights?”

“They did, all of them. Three different boys, all brothers, but they started it every time” Dan sounded defensive, unsure of Raj’s reaction.

“How many punches did you throw?” he inquired, knowing the answer.

“Three. That's all I needed,” Dan smiled, and at that moment he felt nine feet tall.

“Good,” nothing wrong in ending a fight, as long as you didn't start it, or deserve it. “I know you can fight now, but the trick is not to show off, or draw unnecessary attention to yourself. One punch each sounds pretty good to me. Just don't get too used to it, don't get too cocky, and don't start to like fighting. It's a mugs game that will eventually get you barred from school, and one day, you’ll find a better fighter than you. Do you hear me?” Dan nodded. He knew Raj was right, but he also felt good about how he’d handled himself today. “OK, wanna get back on that ledge and face that Karcon?” Dan straightened his slumping posture, and pushed his small frame to the edge of the comfy chair. 

“Come on, let’s go.”

Raj stared at the young boy, “Are you absolutely sure?”    


* * * * *


The Fourth Realm - Vianna


Chapter 14: Facing your Demons
The Village of Autumn, The Mine District.

“A Hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.”


The night on the ledge passed without incident, each man took his watch and the monk’s prediction of safety proved to be correct. The Karcon was outnumbered facing a battle scene that would place him at a disadvantage, which gave the men the luxury of elevation, darkness, and a narrow rugged approach to the ledge. The Karcon had decided to wait until sunrise to initiate the fight, when he had the advantage of dawn’s light, a burned out fire, and the blinding rays of the rising sun at his back, blinding his enemies eyes. The men were pleased to have conquered the night and began to wake from their slumber. As the sun’s strong rays started to clear the treetops its welcoming warmth flooded the rocky ledge. The Chief watched as the men took it in turns to relieve themselves by urinating over the rocky ledge. The monk smiled for he knew this would drive the Karcon crazy with the scent of humans drifting through the clean crisp forest air.

Within minutes the rocky ledge was now fully immersed with the early morning rays of the rising sun. The monk nodded at the Chief, as he reached under his robe to feel for the handle of the sacred knife of Princess Athena. The Chief shuffled to his feet and sauntered casually over to Raj and Dan. He squatted while reaching to feel the axe of his forefathers; the blade stained with crushed Corrian ferns, held in place by his leather belt. “Get on your feet, and get armed, the Karcon will be coming soon, real soon.” The worried looks quickly exchanged meant he was serious. Raj slowly grabbed his weapons, and loaded the clips to arm them. Dan casually walked over to the weapons bag, and began to arm himself with guns, clips, and knifes. The mining men had noticed the activity, and weren’t falling for it - no matter how subtle their movements and activities had been.

Tom walked from the edge of the ledge holding a large semi-automatic weapon suspended from his shoulder by a large thick green strap. “What’s going on boys? Why are we all armed to the teeth?”

He’d barely got the word ‘teeth’ out of his mouth, when a movement occurred so quickly it was hard to see, and shocked the group of men into action. A large dark mass had stealthily crept up the narrow path and was approaching the ledge. The sun’s blinding rays had disguised the Karcon lying motionless behind a large jagged boulder; he’d waited for the right moment to strike. Tom Jantz was the first casualty. He had no time to raise his weapon, or even fire off a single bullet in his defense. The Karcon had leapt forward, swiping his large paw across the neck of the hapless man. Blood sprayed the dark colored rocks; the force of the blow almost severed Tom’s head clean off. He was knocked backwards with so much force, that the chief of mine security quickly disappeared over the edge of the rocky ledge, falling to his certain death on the jagged rocks below.

The Karcon turned menacingly to face the startled men, rising effortlessly onto his hind legs. The beast stood about nine feet tall, his dense, dark fur, covering his muscular frame. He growled and snarled at the men, hoping to scare them. The beast had long pointed ears, laying flat against his head in an aggressive manner. He snarled and shook his head, saliva dripped from his long, large snout. His lips were pulled back tightly, exposing his impressively large pointed teeth. The beast paced before issuing a warning, a deep loud growl, which echoed through the mouth of the cave; he opened his jaws, snaked his long tongue around his mouth, before shaking his head wildly and stomping his feet into the hard rock. The beast had large black inset eyes, which glared at the men in an unforgiving way. The sun had crested behind him, blinding the men and making the edges of the beast’s considerable frame a blur. Kevin was the first to react; he reached for a weapon, and fired numerous shots deep into the beast’s chest. The sound was deafening as round after round hit the animal. The Karcon absorbed the bullets, but a whizzing sound behind the animal indicated they had passed straight through, and were flying into the valley below. In a rush of blood to the head, Kevin advanced towards the beast, firing constantly. The Karcon retaliated to this annoying threat. Faster than anyone thought he could move, the large animal charged at Kevin, sinking his teeth into the man’s neck, and tossing his lifeless body high onto the rocks, at the side of the entrance to the cave. The shooting stopped and the beast rose to pound its unharmed chest.

The monk kept his gaze firmly locked upon the Karcon, but whispered to the others, “The Karcon absorbs negative violent energy, its like food to him, and it only makes him stronger. Dan was petrified, and quietly moved closer to Raj. “Don’t shoot him,” instructed the monk. He felt for the sacred knife of Princess Athena, still in its sheath attached to his belt. The monk calmly stepped forward from behind the dying fire to face the beast, and his destiny. He’d travelled far for this moment, and had dedicated his entire life’s training for this one selfless act of courage. The monk removed his robe, pulled out the knife with his right hand, and assumed the Monkey pose, from the Kedden style of martial arts. For a big man Kaan was elegant, powerful, and nimble. The monk hoped the Karcon would attack, bringing him close enough that he could strike him with the sacred knife.

The Karcon was wary, he’d seen the weapon being drawn, and he was intrigued by the unusual pose his next opponent had adopted. He growled his displeasure, and fell to all fours where he could move, strike, and maneuver, with more agility. The Karcon approached warily, walking cautiously in an imaginary circle, and keeping his distance, as he sized up the monk. The men stood frozen, as they watched the monk’s courageous act of confronting the beast. The dark shaggy fur glistened between the Karcon’s shoulder blades, as the sun illuminated the back of the impressive beast. Occasionally the monk would adjust his weight, while holding the Monkey pose, and taunting the beast. The Karcon didn't rush into accepting the monk’s invitation to engage, for he knew this foe would prove more challenging than the two simpletons before. The beast growled, and swiped his considerable paw outwards in a warning gesture, but the monk would simply back up elegantly, and re-adjust his stance. This dance continued until the Karcon saw an opportunity. The monk adjusted his weight, shifting from one foot to another, and the Karcon made his move. He lunged forward swiping his clawed paw in the direction of the monk’s abdomen.

The monk had anticipated this strike, and moved gracefully through the Monkey pose to avoid the blow. He transitioned into the sacred Snake pose, allowing him to wield the knife and strike the beast hard with its cutting edge. The monk was surprised by the intelligence of the Karcon, for he’d anticipated this move. The paw swipe was merely a rouse, to reveal the monk’s plan. The swipe was half-hearted, and quickly withdrawn, allowing the beast to lunge forward with his other paw. The monk thrust his knife forward with a cutting motion narrowly missing by inches but he only managed to cut thin air. The beast rounded on the monk with a full-fledged blow, dragging his razor sharp claws across the body of the monk, who received the force of the blow. It ripped into the monk’s flesh with searing pain, followed by the force of the blow, which propelled the monk into the air. He landed forcefully onto the sharp rocks, and lay motionless, bleeding heavily from the deep abdominal wounds. The sacred knife was knocked from his hands and lay in the dirt, glinting in the rising sun. The men were stunned, as the Karcon snorted a satisfied grunt, as if to recognize his victory.

The Karcon’s head was turned in the direction of the stricken monk when the Chief decided that was his opportunity to catch the beast off guard, and fulfill his destiny. He reached for his axe and raced towards the unsuspecting beast, with the sharp edge of the axe raised high in the air. The Chief’s plan almost worked, as the beast admired his victory and gloated over the fallen monk. The Karcon saw a flash of color from the decorative beads adorning the Chief’s jacket. He rolled to the left throwing his heavy frame to the floor to avoid the blow. The axe’s sharp edge hit the dirt-covered rock as the Chief missed the Karcon by the narrowest of margins. From there, it wasn't much of a contest, and the beast knew it. The Chief was old, and well past his fighting prime. The beast stomped a large paw onto the forearm of the downed Chief snapping the bones and liberating the axe. The Chief recoiled his shattered arm back in pain, as the axe remained embedded within the dirt; it’s decorative handle pointing to the sky. The beast felt sorry for the old man, and admired his bravery. He slapped him hard with the outside of his large paw, propelling the Chief into the rocks, like an irritating insect. The force of the blow, and the hard landing, knocked the Chief unconscious, as he lay strewn across the rocks.

The Karcon stepped over the axe and approached the spent campfire. Raj and Dan cowered behind the flimsy protective embers, “We mustn’t let him enter the cave,” shouted Raj.

Dan picked up a weapon and instinctively fired it at the beast ignoring the monk’s instructions. The bullets whizzed through the beast, and exited with no effect. Dan had a look of pure fear etched across his face, “What can we do?” he shouted, in desperation. Raj reached for the monk’s bow and arrow. Perhaps the old ways were the best. He raised the bow, and let the arrow fly, straight and true. Just like the bullet before, the arrow passed cleanly through the Karcon adding to its anger and energy. The beast rounded the pile of embers at the mouth of the cave. Raj and Dan had backed into the cave’s entrance and were now trapped.

Raj had exhausted his options. Traditional weapons were useless, and they were no match for this beast, in a good old-fashioned fight. He felt sorry for Dan, and he knew this was it; they were both going to die unless he did something. The beast approached cautiously, but he could smell fear and sensed victory. Once the beast had dispatched the two amateurs, he would be free to enter the cave, and activate a portal to connect with his realm. The fight between darkness and light, good and evil, would be changed forever. On all fours the beast approached, his dark emotionless eyes flicked between the two men standing before him. Raj suddenly had an idea, “I’m going to attack, and when I do, I want you to run like the wind. Run around him and don't look back, he wants the cave; he’s not that interested in you. I want you to save yourself, you hear me?”

Dan felt guilty about running away, but he was so scared he couldn’t come up with a better plan that might save them both. Dan nodded his acceptance, as words refused to form in his dried out mouth. Raj stooped to grab a large branch still protruding from the embers of the fire. Its end was charred and glowing, like brilliant red rubies embedded in the white ash that coated the branch. As he waved it in front of the Karcon, small pieces of ash filled the air. The beast backed up while it calculated its next move. Dan edged himself to the opposite side of the cave’s mouth, readying himself to make a running move around the beast, when the opportunity presented itself. Raj used the charred pole like a pike, to thrust and jab at the beast, trying to keep him at a safe distance. 
 
Raj waved the branch with the burning embers frantically in an attempt to distract the Karcon. Dan waited for his chance to bolt but the beast knew what Raj was attempting to do. Raj tried to coax him to one side, to create a space wide enough for Dan to run through. The Karcon was mean, he wanted the cave, but he wanted to end the fight with two more victims. “I’m sorry I got you into this mess,” shouted Raj, prodding the glowing stick towards the snout of the great beast.

Dan sized up the beast and wondered how they were going to survive. How could they defeat this evil monster? He prayed for crimson butterflies to appear and a reprieve that would offer a chance to stop, plan, and re-group. “We’re in this together,” shouted Dan, wishing he were anywhere else. Dan tried to maneuver to the open space, but the beast kept clawing at his path to freedom and escape. The Karcon had angled them together where they would have to fight their last stand. Dan felt cold and very afraid. What could they do? Raj continued to wave the charred stick in the faint hope that it would provide some protection. He raised his arm out to the side in a protective way to shield Dan. Dan slipped his considerable frame behind Raj and acted like the frightened boy that he was.

Dan had never seen such a creature, full of hate, anger, and rage. This was a beast created to kill, and feed on fear. It was a perfect killing machine, indestructible. Dan felt something on his ankle; he’d kicked a weapon lying on the ground. If he was to die, he wanted to go out fighting. Dan picked up the weapon and held it aloft. A thought raced through his mind; what if he shot at the eyes or the head. It would be a difficult shot but the beast was close enough to try. “Stay behind me,” snarled Raj, trying to protect the boy. The Karcon advanced sensing victory. He faked a swipe of his large paw and got the reaction he’d hoped for. Raj instinctively lunged forward with his stick only for the Karcon to swipe at it with his other paw. The protective stick flew from Raj’s grip, as the force of the blow connected. He tried to recover, but stumbled to the ground as the stick flew through the air and shattered upon the rocks. They were now exposed and vulnerable.

Dan knew he couldn’t wait any longer; he had to act, he had to try to kill this thing. This could be the end, and he didn’t want to die. A vision of his Mother’s smiling face flashed through his mind. It shocked him as she never smiles, and he’d remembered just how happy she’d been this last week. It was the happiest he’d seen her in years. He raised his weapon and squeezed the trigger unleashing a volley of bullets upon the advancing Karcon. They whizzed through his chest as he let out a deafening roar. It stopped the advancement of the Karcon, but he remained as menacing as ever. Dan lifted the barrel of the gun slightly where the bullets ripped into the great beast’s throat and upwards into the snout.

Dan was lucky, with Raj on the ground, one of the bullets pierced the eye of the Karcon causing him to recoil, and shake his head in an annoyed growl. He ducked and dived to avoid the hail of bullets, clearly annoyed at the pluckiness of his weaker foe. Dan pressed the trigger, and tried to aim for the eyes. Black blood seeped from the wounded eye but the beast remained. The eye darkened and the wound healed instantly. For a few seconds the beast had been hurt, but suddenly two things happened which changed everything.

Dan squeezed the trigger and the deafening noise and the violent vibration of the weapon ceased; he was out of ammo. The beast immediately recognized the silence, and proudly altered his posture to stand tall. His eyes were now gleaming, healed, and focused upon Dan. This was the moment. The Karcon would make him pay for inflicting pain, and he would spare no mercy in taking this spiritual cave. He straightened his back, pushed out his chest and opened his long muscular arms wide, exposing his razor sharp bloodied claws. He lowered his snout and glared at the two men, enjoying the fear he induced and the imminent victory.

Raj positioned himself in front of Dan like a shield, he covered his head with his arms, in a protective, yet submissive gesture. Dan stared at the Karcon’s head in a defiant last stand. Dan suddenly noticed the faintest glint of the sun’s reflection bouncing off a metallic surface, between the Karcon’s pointed ears. It was enough to draw his attention to the strange sight.

The Chief’s sacred axe rose majestically, and plunged into the back of the Karcon’s skull. A dark ominous cloud poured from the beast’s head wound, like a swarm of black bees filling the air. The darkness streamed upwards into the clouds emptying the form and mass of the ferocious animal that stood before them. He fell onto all fours, seemingly losing his strength. He howled loudly, but this time it was different. It wasn’t the enraged, angry, vicious, howl of a predatory beast. This was the howl of pain and suffering; a defeated animal, knowing his time had come.

The great beast screamed in pain as his entire hulking frame evaporated into a dark ash cloud that blew away in the cool morning breeze. Transfixed upon the shriveling beast the men raised their eyes to see a figure stagger forward through the dust filled air.

It wasn’t the Indian Chief, for he lay injured and motionless upon the jagged rocks. It wasn’t the mine guys, for they’d been torn apart, and were not going to survive the brutality of their attacks. It wasn’t the monk; they could see him lying unconscious and badly injured, strewn across the rocks. Who was this strange figure? As he brushed aside a dark swirling cloud in front of him.

As the air cleared, the men squinted in the strong sunlight trying to focus on the stranger standing before them. He staggered slightly, and wiped the sweat from his brow using his shirt’s sleeve. With his face hidden, his uniform became clear, and a familiar patch sewn on his shirt revealed his identity. His timing could not have been any better, with the beast stunned by the bullets, his vision weakened and his anger clouding his judgment, the courageous Sheriff had stumbled across what he thought was a massive bear.

He knew his firearm was not loaded, a precaution he’d taken for the last year, not trusting his drunken state. He never told the people of the village, because they didn’t need to know. He’d seen the axe and courageously attacked the giant beast, striking him with a full blow to his skull. A mixture of adrenaline and fear had propelled the drunken Sheriff to leap into the air and strike the beast with all of his strength.

What happened next was a complete shock to the Sheriff, he’d often hallucinated, but this seemed so real as the large Bear simply evaporated in front of his eyes. Looking stunned, the men caught the Chief before he crumpled into a drunken heap onto stone surface of the ledge. “You’re a hero,” shouted Dan.

“What the hell did I just see?” said the Sheriff still confused.

Raj took over, “A very large Bear, you fatally injured him. He rolled off the ledge.” Raj winked at Dan.

“He evaporated,” said the Sheriff, rubbing his head.

“Don’t be daft Sheriff, he fell wounded over the ledge, and you’re a hero, thank you for saving our lives.” The Sheriff reeked of whiskey, but basked in the adoration and praise. 
Raj ran over to the Chief to see if he was alive, he was badly wounded, but he was regaining consciousness. The monk was barely alive but in a bad way.

“How did you find us?” inquired Dan, excited to be alive.

“I’d been drinking and I couldn’t drive home. I went back to the hotel to sleep in my car, after I had breakfast at the Diner, and overheard you guys talking about the lookout point and the hunt. I slept it off, and followed your route the next day. I saw the truck and the jeep, and I knew about this ridge; my Father told me about this place when I was a kid. He told me it was a sacred Indian place. I heard the growling, and the shots, and figured the hunt was in full swing. So I followed the sound. I passed the body of Tom Jantz at the bottom of the ridge. I take it they both didn’t make it?”

“No,” said Raj, returning to the conversation, “and yet you still came to help us. You’re either stupid or really brave. I want to thank you for being really brave, and for saving our lives.”

The Sheriff puffed his chest out, and imagined the praise he would get when he returned to Autumn. The men managed to carry the injured out from the brush and loaded them into the waiting vehicles. Both were rushed to hospital, where unfortunately the monk succumbed to his horrific injuries, but the Chief recovered. Dan had the presence of mind to retrieve the axe, and the sacred knife. The Chief kept both artifacts in case the Karcon, or any other incarnation of evil, returned to Autumn.

The men used the Dream Cane to make one last return to the Village of Autumn. They attended the parade, thrown by the village to honor the bravery of Sheriff Kevin Jones and the memory of those that had died. The Chief recovered, and attended the parade. There was an unusual air of mystery about these events, which still entertains the village-folk to this day. The story was riddled with disappearing bodies. The monk named Kaan; his body was admitted to the village morgue for two days before it seemingly disappeared into thin air. The bodies of the mine men were never found in the forest, but the locals blamed the Wolves and Bears, as the likely culprits. Finally, the body of the great Bear was never found. It’s not uncommon for a mortally wounded animal to hide while they die. Other predatory animals could have disposed of the body or, as the urban legend now states, the great Bear still roams the forest, waiting to return and ravage Autumn once again.

The wounds on the monk and the Chief, substantiated the story, but what made the story interesting to historians, was the disappearance of the famous hunters Barnes & Colder, shortly after the event. They never made it back to the Grafton Hotel, or their office in Laran City. Some say that the Bear was so ferocious that the hunters retired instantly, and became recluses in a warmer country.

The Sheriff used this terrifying experience as a catalyst to quit drinking, and to reorganize his life. He later married Annie from the diner, lost a lot of weight, and pulled his life together.

Everyone had a theory about the village stranger Kaan, and the hunters. Each version of the story was embellished; some even believed they were Aliens from another world! The Village of Autumn never paid the missing hunters; instead their story was incorporated into the annual harvest play, to honor the fallen, and the heroes of that day. Sheriff Jones was always portrayed as the ultimate hero, and he smiled every time he saw the annual harvest play re-enacted.

The Indian Chief died a few years later, he never fully recovered from his injuries, but not before he passed down the real events of that day. It was the new Chief’s job to preserve the real story, to stay vigilant against the threat of evil, and to keep the Axe of the Waishee tribe, and sacred Knife of Princess Athena safe.

The Sheriff had led the parade, dressed smartly in his newly pressed uniform. He was confident, sober, and looking relaxed. The Chief rode at the rear of the parade; smiling to the crowds he suddenly caught a brief glimpse of Dan and Raj, standing to the rear of the appreciative crowd. He waved at them momentarily, as they seemed to evaporate right in front of his eyes, surrounded by a spiral of crimson butterflies. “Tugnars,” murmured the Chief, “from another dimension.”

* * * * *

The Chief could not remember being carried out from the forest slung over Raj’s tired shoulders. He regained consciousness for a brief moment during the jeep ride home, on route to the hospital. He didn't know if it was a vision, a dream, or a hallucination, but it was the last time he saw the White Spirit Wolf; its glorious proud white head peeking out from behind a Douglas fur tree, as the jeep flashed by. The Chief thought about Sheriff Jones, the man who killed the Karcon. The prophecy had come true, for it said that a man, who’d faced demons all of his life, would kill the beast. Kevin Jones had faced his demons, and for now, had defeated them. He stayed away from the booze and the bars, with Annie refusing to allow alcohol in their house. He looked happy and back to his friendly, amiable, efficient self. 


* * * * *


The Fifth Realm - Earth


Chapter 15: What’s happened to Dan?
Westtown, Pennsylvania, U.S.A., 2014

“To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.”


After the excitement, and the fear, of facing the Karcon, Dan tried to settle into a normal pattern of life in Westtown, Pennsylvania. Dan and Raj had ample opportunity to talk about their adventure. One night, out of the blue, Raj apologized to Dan in an attempt to clear his conscience and ease his feelings of guilt. “Dan, I’m so sorry that I placed you in a life threatening situation. It was stupid and selfish of me, and I was clearly rusty, ill equipped, and out of my league.”

Dan looked at Raj sheepishly, as he knew Raj was right.

Raj continued, “I just want you to know, that you would never have come to any harm, I wouldn’t have allowed it, because I had a plan. You wouldn't like the plan, but I had one.” Raj stared at Dan with a serious face.

Dan shook his head, “We were very lucky that the Sheriff saved us. I don't think any plan would’ve worked.”

Raj moved closer to the boy, “Listen to me. If either of us gets killed while we are on an adventure, then the bond with the Dream Cane is broken, and we immediately return to our realm. My final plan was to submit my life to the beast. I wouldn’t have let him harm you. I would’ve made him go through me first.”

“You mean kill you?”

“Yes. I would’ve done everything to protect you, you have to know that.” Raj looked distraught.

“You did protect me, you always stood in front of me, and shielded me from the Karcon. I’m just glad the Sheriff showed up when he did. Raj, it was scary as hell, I’m not going to lie, but I wouldn’t have missed it for the world. It’s changed my life, and I’m a better person for it. We’re shaped by our experiences you know.”

Raj smiled, knowing that Dan was quoting him. Dan continued to see Raj, but the Dream Cane remained silent for now, unwilling to give them another assignment until they were ready. Dan focused on his school and tried to fit in. The Smith brothers never bothered Dan again, and he managed to stay out of Mrs. Oakley’s office. Dan enjoyed his teacher and seemed to be getting good grades with Ms. Claridge. John Hollins Public School turned out to be a decent place, and he was happy there. Over time he grew to like it, and made some good friends. Ally Tucker was never too far away, and Ally and Dan became an item after the Smith brother’s fight. Prior to Dan’s Dream Cane adventure he had the personality and demeanor of a timid field mouse, but like a young soldier returning from the horrors of war, this experience had changed him indelibly. He was not afraid of anything - now he’d survived a Karcon. His newly acquired skills had boosted his confidence where he walked tall, spoke calmly, and conducted his affairs with an assured confidence. He respected Raj, and never judged anyone by, his or her appearance. For all of its dangers the Dream Cane had changed his life and he was finally enjoying his childhood.

Ally and Dan grew close where Dan had found a true friend at his intellectual level with shared interests. Dan knew Ally was the one and that their life together, even though they were just kids, would be like an adventure.
 
He hoped the Dream Cane would activate soon, when it was the right time for their next adventure. Perhaps the next time they would not be placed in so much danger, but who knows. Only the Dream Cane knows what each person needs, and it matches the adventures with the right people. Raj and Dan had not killed the beast, but that was not their destiny, they were sent to help and from that experience they had both grown.

After walking Ally home one day, Dan skipped up the stairs to his apartment, to be greeted by his Mother. She watched him go about his daily routine, until he stopped dead in his tracks, “You OK Mum?”

“Yeah, why?”

“Because you’re watching everything I do.” Dan turned to face his Mother.

“Something’s different about you kiddo, I don't know if it's the new school, Ms. Claridge, Raj,” she moved closer, “or Ally,” she teased him, poking him in the ribs, “but I like it. What’s happened to you Dan? Is it the effect that a good woman has on a man, you’re a different boy, more confident and happy; yeah that’s what it is. You’re happy aren't you?”

Dan thought about it for a second, he hadn’t stopped to think about his situation but he knew how relaxed he’d been lately and how easy it felt living above the restaurant. Having faced death for the first time had changed his perspective on everything; he did appreciate the little things that occur each day a lot more. He liked his school, his newly found friends, his life, his teacher and of course his relationship with Raj. If he was brutally honest, he really liked Ally! “Yeah, I’m happy Mum, and the one thing that makes me happiest, is that fact that you’re happy too.” Ally had grown into Dan’s best friend, confidant, and biggest supporter. She’d ditched the pretentious in-crowd and was hanging around with Dan and his new friends. Ally was besotted with Dan, and loved his calm, confident ways. She was bright, witty, intelligent, organized, driven, and fun loving. Dan hadn’t realized it yet, but Ally wasn't about to let him go. She knew he was equally driven to succeed, and she’d figured out that they would be good together.

Liz loved her job at the restaurant; she was saving a bit of money for a vacation, and she’d started to date the nice customer from the restaurant. She was visibly happy, as she ruffled Dan’s hair, smiled, and turned to make his dinner.

Dan and Raj continued to grow as friends. They had many conversations reminiscing about the Village of Autumn, the Karcon, the Sheriff, Annie, the Indian Chief, the mine guys, Kaan, and the White Spirit Wolf. They talked about the different realms, and the ongoing fight between light and darkness, good and evil. They both realized that despite that danger that the adventure presented an unbreakable bond had formed. Neither would have changed the outcome for both benefited immensely. Raj felt useful and experienced being young and strong again. Dan gained the skills and confidence to transform his entire outlook on life. Neither could wait to go on another adventure but both knew it was out of their hands. Occasionally an eager Raj would instruct Dan to hold the Dream Cane with him, but they both knew it was the Dream Cane who would decide when the time was right for the two of them to embark upon their next adventure.

One night after another failed attempt to ignite the Dream Cane, Raj looked deeply into Dan’s eyes and said, “I’m an old man Dan, I hope we can do another adventure before I die. That’s my plea to the Cane, don't lose faith with me and stay tuned for our next adventure, as they say in the movies…..” 


 
 

The End …


"The moment you stop believing in fanciful things, the world stops being fanciful."
- Phil Armstrong
