


AZ's Children
by Stephen Brandon


Copyright 2014 Stephen Brandon 
Smashwords Edition


Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people,  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you're reading this ebook and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to you favorite ebook retailer and purchase you own copy.   Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.  
* * * * *
Author's Note
This book is a work of fiction.  All characters, organizations, incidents, and dialogue are from the authors imagination or used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or other persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.  Real and fictional locations and equipment are used for background only.  
* * * * *


Table of Contents  ~ (ToC) ~
Prologue
Joshua
Jacinda Mickey
Joanna
Alexis
About the author
Discover other titles by this author
Connect with Stephen Brandon
* * * * *


Acknowledgments
My wife has put up with me for over forty four years.  Without her support and love I don't know who, what, or where I would be, so I thank her from the bottom of my heart, and I dedicate the Saturn 2020 series of books to her!  
I also wish to thank those that have encouraged me to express my imagination including the teachers I had decades ago when I was in school.  
~ ~ ~
Cover art by Wendi Lemmons
portions of cover image courtesy of  WWW.FREEIMAGES.CO.UK
* * * * *


Prologue
The Saturn2020 series starts with an individual that's had a dream all his life.  It progressed from there with a chance to help others.  The job he accepts isn't easy.  Several branches converge and the results aren't what any normal sane person would expect.  Characters insert themselves into the story line, and others develop from the circumstances forced upon them.  
This particular volume tells about four of Mike's ten children.  
If you have not read AZ, then then you won't appreciated the children.  Follow this link and get a discount coupon. 
* * * * *


Joshua
December 20, 2000.  One of my birthday presents was a nice book with lined pages.  She had engraved on the cover Joshua Wilcox Warren.  She then told me that it was a journal book and I was to write down my thoughts and what I did and saw.  Then she handed me one of those new palm print lock-boxes.  After showing me how to set it she told me that I could write my personal thoughts and secure them in the box.  There was enough room inside the box for several journal size books plus, and she pulled her pearl handled  45 and set it inside saying, "You know this is my favorite."  
June 12, 2001.  Arrived at the reservation this morning.  They told me that this summer I would be allowed to choose one new training subject.  I chose guns.  When I was 6 they had me make my first flint knife.  I've made several and some steel knives from stuff we found.  I was eight when I made my first bow and flint tipped arrows.  I love hunting, but skinning animals is something I'd rather not do, but to eat I had to, and after fire-making cooking also became a favorite. 
June 20.  Learning to shoot a Winchester 22 long rifle was fun.  The only thing they didn't mention until after the first week was, I had to reload the cartridges.  I've spent 4 days retracing my steps and found most of the empty cartridges I fired.  This afternoon Walking Softly informed me that I only would have the empty cartridges I reloaded to use this summer.  Then he handed me a bag with a bullet mold, some tools, and lead.  Tomorrow he says he'll teach me how to make bullets and fix bent cartridges. 
June 29.  This morning we went out and set up a work camp.  Walking Softly brought out tins of black powder and primers.  After showing me how to pop-out the cartridge primers, he showed me how to insert and press the new primers into the cartridges.  These cartridges are center fire, most every 22 I ever saw before had rim fire primers.  I had only one primer pop while pressing it into place.  When we started melting the lead to make bullets he insisted that I remember to always stay upwind of the fire.
June 30.  This morning we made some special bullets in another bullet mold.  They are smaller in diameter than the others.  After lunch he showed me how to fasten a wire to each bullet and then he showed me how to build a clay kiln for melting copper.  
July 1st.  Last night we tended the fire all night and this morning he told me that the copper was hot enough and added a couple of pieces of tin.  Walking Softly then told me that his father had taught him how to make bronze bullets.  When it all melted he showed me how to dip the new bullets in the liquid copper mix to coat the lead bullet.  Immediately he put the coated bullet in a hand mold and squeezed.  
July 23, 2001.  This morning just after dawn I got my first full grown buck with a bronze bullet.  The bullet went all the way through after breaking the left front shoulder.  After butchering the buck we headed back to camp and then back to the village.  The only complement I got this summer was that I was better at tracking than Buzzard Head.  
August 10.  Finished rebuilding the Winchester and putting a new barrel on it.  Walking Softly finally approved and I packed it in treated rags along with the remaining hand loaded ammunition.  He reverently placed it in a box in the cave and then we sealed the cave entrance and removed all tracks from the area.  
August 15th.  Mom picked me up this afternoon and all the bucks except Walking Softly scattered when she entered camp.  I could feel the tension radiating from Walking Softly as he described what he'd taught me this summer.  Mom just smiled tossing a fireball back and forth between her hands.  Then she told Walking Softly that he'd done a good job and she was pleased.  
November 16, 2002.  Was talking to a kid at the mall this morning and he said I was lucky to be home schooled.  He then told me about the crap that he had to put up with in public school.  What I didn't tell him was that the tutors that taught us made the subjects interesting, but when we then tested us our papers had to be perfect.  Even a misspelled word or improperly put together sentence was marked against us no matter what the subject.  
June 13, 2002.  This morning a guy came by the house and picked me up.  All mom said to him was that Jacinda or she would be checking on my training during the summer.  
June 20, 2002.  After a week of sneaking around Philadelphia he told me that we were going to New York.  
June 21st.  After getting me a room in a motel he simply said, here is fifty for food, see you next week.  Oh and by the way this is a gang run area and they just saw me hand you the fifty so hiding in your room won't be an option.  I expect to see you armed with whatever you collect from them when I return.  Then he walked around the end of the building and by time I got there he'd disappeared.  However I did spot three teenagers loafing across the street.  I remembered Walking Softly tell me that where ever I was, I needed to be completely aware of my surroundings.  
It took several hours to loose my watchers, and then I stopped at a hole in the wall diner and got a hamburger with fries.  It was good, but the $9.78 bill put a bite in my fifty.  
I slipped back to the area of my motel room and noticed five different teenagers watching the area.  Slipping up on one I knocked him out and took his knives and cash along with his windbreaker.  The second guy was a little more alert, but I got him without a scuffle.  He had more money on him along with a 22 pistol.  I took the firing pin out and then took his shirt.  By then I heard the ruckus that the first guy made as he came to, so I faded back a block and watched.  Then I had confirmation that they were all in the same gang because of the calls they made to assemble and then they went to where the second guy was and found him unconscious and his gun in pieces.  
I slipped into the motel office and had the clerk give me another room.  Watching my old room that night I saw six guys, all with pistols, break into my old room.  Two shots were fired before they were even inside the door.  I realized this gang didn't give a hoot if their victim lived or died.  Luckily no one had been given that room.  They were in and out in less than 5 minutes.  I could tell that they were pissed as they ran off.  
June 22nd.  After turning in the key and getting some of the money back from the clerk I slipped up the street about 10 blocks and started looking around until I found another hole in the wall and ate breakfast.  Sitting in the corner booth thinking, I wished I had some of the powers that my mothers had.  But then I remembered what dad always said, Shit Happens, and then you turn it to your advantage.  One of the guys that I spotted watching me yesterday stuck his head in the door and looked around.  I didn't think he saw me, but I hit the back door to the alley at a full run.  Turning toward the further street I ran full tilt into another of them.  He missed me with his knife by inches, but my elbow caught him in the ribs.  As he went down I stomped on his throat and quickly took his knife and cut is pockets open.  Grabbing his cash and pistol I dodged over behind a dumpster and checked the area.  Half way down the alley was a fire escape ladder.  I quickly went to it and climbed to the roof and lay down and watched.  Another of his gang members entered the far end of the alley and found him on the ground and gave a whistle.  The other members assembled around him, then hauled him off.  I crept from roof to roof following them.  Less than a block later two thugs, joined them.  These guys looked like bad news so I watched them go down the next block and out of sight.  Quickly I ran back several buildings and descended to the street and caught sight of a bus stop.  I caught the first bus headed away from that area.  I thought screw my trainer, he could find me.  Sitting in the back of the bus I counted and found I had over $600.  After pulling the firing pin from the new pistol I stuck it between the seats and moved to a front seat.  Asking the driver where the bus station was I found that I would have to transfer.  After getting a transfer pass I watched and waited for that stop.  
I caught a Greyhound out of town headed south.  At least it was an express and didn't stop at every town.  By time I got to Baltimore I was starving.  Getting off the bus I looked around and saw that I was ignored by everyone except a young blond woman.  She stared at me and then pulled a feather out of her pocket and started twirling it between her fingers.  I smiled at her and then turned the opposite direction and walked into the bus station diner.  As soon as I ordered a hamburger and fries she sat down and asked me my name.  I simply replied Josh Wilcox and what's yours.  She pulled a new looking flip cellphone and took my picture and said, for a youngster you managed quite well.  Bill is pissed that you disappeared from New York so quickly.  There is a 6 man team searching the area he left you.  They reported how easily you took down two gang members the first day and then the third outside the diner.  They lost you near the bus station, and that's why we're covering all the bus stops.  Your training isn't over yet.  Do you need anything before I leave?  Yea information, are the cops looking for me and did they recover the pistol I left on the city bus.  Looking mused, she dialed the phone and said, Bill, he asked if you recovered the pistol he left on the city bus or notified the cops he is missing.  I could hear a man's voice curse and then ask where is he.  She simply said, well a few minutes ago he was in the bus station in Baltimore, but I think he's catching another bus.  My team will try to keep him under surveillance until he decides to settle down somewhere and call home.  She tilted the phone a little and I heard Bill exclaim Shit Happens and it looks like it will happen to me this time.  She was smiling as she closed the phone and dialed another number.  When it answered she handed me the phone and whispered, talk to Mike and get some advice.  
Dad was on the other end and he simply said, Jacinda is having kittens and Elizabeth burned a hole in the table this morning when the news came in that they'd lost you after another fight with the gang.  Where are you and do you need anything?  I told him I was in Baltimore for awhile, and did he have any advice.  After a minute he said, can you get home on your own.  When I said I didn't have enough money to make it past Tennessee he told me I should look for him in the park at Piney Falls at the end of the week and hung up.  Looking at her I said, I'm to meet him at a park in Piney Falls at the end of the week.  Do you want to follow me or just disappear.  With another smile she simply stated, we are a shadow and will only intervene to save your life.  Then she got up and walked out.  When I bought my ticket for Knoxville I asked what food stops were on the way and found out that there was only one.  Looking around I spotted a sandwich machine and bought one and a bottle of coke.  
Two days later I started looking for a bus headed for Pikeville.  The local was my only choice.  I had time only for a quick burger before I boarded the bus.   Sitting behind the driver I questioned him as he stopped at every cow crossing and crossroad.  It seemed like all day, but was actually only few hours before we arrived at Pikeville.  By then I had a good idea of the area and how to get to the park.  I was smelling pretty ripe so I stopped at the first discount store I saw and bought a cheap pack, blanket, jacket, pair of socks, towel and bar of soap.  At the next grocery store I picked up some food and several bottles of water.  After finding the hiking trail north I headed out of town.  That evening I slipped off the trail near a creek and found a secluded spot several hundred yards east.  The creek water was as cold as ice, but I knew that I had to clean up some.  Opening a can of pork and beans I ate it cold and wrapped up in the blanket to sleep.
Something woke me up just before dawn and I listened and then looked.  There was a guy in camouflage across the creek almost hidden behind a tree.  I rolled away from the creek and then slipped upstream and down behind his location.  As I slipped to a tree behind where he should be all, I heard was laughter and then well done young man.  As I strained to hear where he was, all I heard was a quiet spot in the woods back the way I came.  Crossing the creek I gathered my gear and got back on the hiking path to the park.  
Arriving at the park that afternoon I started looking for an area to camp.  Slipping behind the waterfall I spotted footprints and decided to follow them.  A few minutes later I spotted my shadow from the morning.  I picked up a pine cone and tossed it behind him and when he turned I waved and then slipped between two trees and ran right straight into the woman from Baltimore.  As I got up she smiled and said, don't tease the tracker.  I just relieved him.  Follow me back to camp and we'll have dinner.  I think you passed.  As we entered camp the tracker was sitting talking to Dad.  
Dad waived me over and asked, what was your biggest problem this last week.  Scratching I stated that I hadn't had a decent nights sleep until last night.  The tracker started laughing and then said, He'll do for a young Cherokee, and he did loose Bill's team in the city.  After I teach him how to be a street person, he'll be invisible wherever he is.  
June 26th.  Finally got a chance to jot down my last five days.  I gave the paper to Dad and asked him to hold it until I got back home.  
August 30th.  The summer is over and I'm headed home.  Now I realize why she called him the tracker.  I found that he acted and moved like a big cat where ever we were.  I don't think I'll ever be as good as he is, but I now have another goal.  
December 20, 2002.  My big birthday gift is a dirt bike.  Mom said I could only ride out at Aunties.  
July 4th, 2003.  Dad and I went to Las Vegas.  After a large dinner he told me he'd see me back in Phoenix.  As he got up the woman from Baltimore and the tracker sat down and told me that Bill and his crew were going to capture me.  They were to help me avoid capture and our best route back home would probably be through Kansas.  
We took a car from the restaurant to a private airport.  The pilot took off immediately.  An hour later we landed at a small airport and got a cab into town.  At the bus station Sue bought us tickets and then when the bus was loading we walked around in front of it and got in a taxi.  
July 2002.  At the train station she bought tickets going in both directions and we boarded a train.  In San Francisco we bought new clothes on a credit card and then at a junk shop old used clothes along with a suitcase.  The tracker bought tickets on the train for us to LA and then we hopped a bus to Sacramento.  By then I was confused and told them so.  Smiling she said, the trail you leave has to be followed, but not by you.  In some small town east of there she bought horses and we headed further into the mountains.  
July 2002.  We rode onto a ranch near Bozeman Montana and sold the horses.  The rancher gave us a ride to the airport and we caught a flight to Dallas.  From Dallas I think we stopped in Albuquerque and then to the southern reservation near Phoenix. We made it all the way to the front gate before they caught us.  Bill was red in the face as he slapped the top of the pickup and said gotcha.  
September 2005:  This last summer I learned to drive a pickup stick shift, and fly single engine airplanes.  I've told mom and dad I don't need all this training because I really just want to be a farmer.  
2007:  Spent almost all year at Tim's cave learning everything they did.  I don't think any of the knowledge I absorbed will be of use as a farmer.  
December 2007:  Almost got to spend all summer on a farm, but as usual I was shanghaied by the Indians and spent several months with a medicine man learning herbs and chants.  The only fun there was when I got to go hunting.  
January 2011:  I got off the airplane at Montserrat and they hustled me straight to the rocket.  After a month on the space station I was shuttled to the moon.  
March 6, 2011.  Well, it's not what I really wanted to do, but my assignment for the next year is low gravity farming.  The guy that met us said he would be our trainer for the first three months and then our supervisor until our sentence was up.  I'm not completely sure what he meant.  I'm not sure he actually knows who I am because he treated me just like the other 4 teenagers that I arrived with.  
June 2011.  Saw June from the cave last week.  Yesterday she stopped by the farm an chewed the supervisor out.  
March 10, 2012.  This morning the five of us were handed our release papers.  My papers had my name as Joshua Wilcox and I was sentenced to a year of hard labor for assault.  Now I know why we were treated like criminals.  We were given a choice of joining the moon community, going back to earth which will mean acclimation, or transferring to the belt when the next supply ship is scheduled.  This afternoon I turned in my paperwork. I was accepted and then told that the only opening I was halfway qualified for was spacecraft maintenance.  That meant that I would be apprenticed for at least a year before getting my papers.  
April 1, 2013.  Got my papers today.  Now I'm certified as a spacecraft maintenance man.  Now I think I can choose where I want to go.  
April 2, 2013.  Got new orders today, moon spacecraft construction facility.  I'm tagged as a junior quality control inspector.  
November 2, 2013.  I am now firmly convinced that the sharpest pencils in the box aren't working at the moon construction facility.  One guy even tried to drop a module, still under construction, on me because I kept finding his shoddy shortcuts and he was demoted.  After that he was shipped back to earth, given three months pay, and fired.  
December 20, 2014.  Got in bar fight while celebrating my birthday with a few friends.  My friends were held while 3 friends of the construction worker that got fired tried to beat me up.  I took a beating, but they ended up in the infirmary.  
January 7, 2015.  Transferred from spacecraft construction QC to spacecraft maintenance working assigned as a team chief. 
June 26, 2016.   This morning Joanna walked into the maintenance section and announced that she had paperwork drafting two of us.  I was assigned to T-54.  
July 16, 2016.  Met a woman in moon dispatch this morning.  I knew she would by my future wife the minute she opened her mouth.  We were married two hours later and in space an hour after the ceremony.  
July 18, 2016.  We finished loading and departed for the belt.  Picked up a dozen supply drones behind the moon.  The others on the moon that want to evacuate were still loading on the spacecraft that were moon built.  They are scheduled to depart about August 1st.  
When we arrived they told us the dating system in use was DFE (days from earth) and it was 3059.  
~ (ToC) ~



Jacinda Mickey
I go by my middle name because Jacinda is my mothers name, and to precious for me to carry.  Mom has dictated my education for almost to long.  
Today is my 18th birthday.  I've had to spend 8 summers on the reservation and I've been farmed out to different teams at her agency since I was 6.  Suzanne bought me a camera for my last birthday and I love it.  Just because I'm a team leader doesn't mean that I have to kowtow to her every whim.  
I've noticed several ads for photography training at technical schools with promises of placement.  Ha, if I can't find a job on my own, well ...  
I was surprised when my first application came back approved.  Tomorrow I have an interview and I have to bring my photo portfolio.  
The interviewer said I had a natural talent because my pictures were pretty well framed and the subjects were well placed.  The seven week basic course would teach me how to best offset the primary subject and use the background as frame to emphasize the primary subject.  Also how to use f-stops to clarify or blur the background for depth.  
After getting home I thought about what he said and decided that half of it was bull.  Since I've already paid, I'll attend the course.  It starts next month.  
~ ~ ~
First day of class is finally over.  The asshole that is the instructor told all five of us that we should pack up our fancy cameras.  In the morning we would be issued Nikon and start using black and white film.  I remember Dad talking about a Nikon he had and having to plan every shot because the film had to be sent off for processing.  
Home after second day of class and I'm pissed.  We were issued a camera and he spent about an hour telling us what it could do and then we went outside and he told us to take pictures of anything we wanted.  I only saw about 10 good pictures and had them taken when he asked who had any film left.  Joseph and I were the only two.  He then assigned us to take class photo's.  After that he took us to a darkroom and talked us through removing the film from the camera and then developing it.  It was over half an hour before I could see anything in the dim red light that reflected off the walls.  By then the film was developed and hanging to dry.  He then took us back to the classroom and gave us what he called a light meter and had us get the readings off everything in sight including the overhead lights.  Boring!!  Then he took us back to the darkroom and as we entered he gave each of us our roll of film and showed us how to print pictures from the film.  I had six good pictures out of 24 shots.  Most of the others only had one or two.  After issuing us a camera manual and book called camera's for dumbbells he told us to be in class Thursday morning.  On the way out we were each handed two rolls of film. 
I opened camera's for dumbbells first figuring that it was a bullshit book to make us appreciate the instructor.  However by time I got to page 4, I realized that it was an instruction manual and hands on practice book.  Closing it I opened the Nikon manual.  That book made hacking computers seem simple.  I quickly realized that the first chapter, 23 pages, was just the operators manual.  The rest of it told how to disassemble the camera and what each part was and then how to repair most of them.  One interesting page described three different types of ball point pens and how to clip the springs for them to temporarily replace springs within the camera itself.  I was still studying when my wake-up alarm went off at 6AM.  
I pulled out my laptop and pulled up my photography log.  I printed off two blank pages.  
Then I pulled dumbbells out and turned to page two where it described in fine detail how to set up a bowl of fruit and the lighting for picture 1.  For the hell of it I placed a dollar bill inside the bowl and had it half hidden by the fruit.  Snapping the shot I then changed the f-stop and backed off a few feet and adjusted the lens to bring the focus to rear of the bowl,instead of centered like the book called for.  My picture 1a.  I entered the distance, shutter speed, f-stop, lighting, and other stuff I usually entered when taking my shots.  Feeling proud of myself I turned the page and there in the second paragraph was instructions to do what I did plus several other variations.  After that I started reading two pages ahead for each shot.  The two assigned chapters took 24 shots.  
Thursday morning the instructor asked first if any of us had read more than the two assigned chapters and how much of the Nikon manual we'd read.  Joseph and I were the only two.  Looking at the others he simply stated, I can't force you to learn.  I'll demonstrate the principles outlined in the reading assignments, but if you don't understand the underlying principles you will not be a true professional and won't get more that an attendance certificate from this class.  
We spent all morning developing and printing our roll of film.  Then he took us into another room and with the lights on we reloaded our film cartridges until we could do it without looking.  After removing the film he then turned off the lights and handed us each a piece of film and told us to load our film cartridge.  He then told us to be in class after lunch.  
After an hour of telling us everything that we'd done wrong he told us to read chapter 3 & 4 and he'd see us Monday morning.  Stopping at the door he turned and said, there will be a test Monday afternoon. 
Week 2 & 3 were blueprints of week 1.  Friday of week three he gave us two rolls of 400 color film and told us that chapters 11 and 12 were our assignments.  Weeks 4,5, & 6 were the same until Friday afternoon.  The then handed us a case and had us unpack the lenses.  After demonstrating how to mount and dismount the lens to the camera back he told us our next class would be the following Wednesday.  Our assignment was to take at least ten pictures of people and at least ten landscapes.  Wednesday we would be evaluated on what we'd learned and our creativity.  You all indicated you wanted to be photojournalist.  Well if you cross anything news worthy, take pictures of it.  We'll discuss your shots after you develop your film.  Darkroom will be available Tuesday all day.  
Monday afternoon I heard sirens and followed them.  It was a house fire.  I'd shot up over half a roll of film when I spotted Joseph.  Edging over near him I asked him how long he'd been there.  All he would say was long enough.  
Tuesday I developed my six rolls of film and then selected the best frames to print.  Twelve person shots of which three included beautiful landscapes.  Ten landscapes and then fourteen of the fire. He was ahead of me on the fire until I pulled the three pictures I'd taken when the ladder flipped and the fireman was hanging by one hand on the side facing the house.  I inserted the two other shots I took, one of two firemen stabilizing the bottom and the other of another fireman reaching around the ladder to pull him where he could safely descend.  The three combination shot had taken me over an hour to get just perfect.  The only evidence of my multiple exposure was the cut paper in my bag and when Joseph realized what I'd done he accused me of photo shopping it.  The instruction just said, well.  Then I pulled my cover sheets from my briefcase and started laying them out along with the ruined prints.  Then the instructor called everyone over and started describing the process I'd done, only he made it sound so simple.  Then he announced that I'd completed a chapter in the next course book.  Anyone that signed up would learn how to do this plus many more tricks to improve any picture or photo essay.  Upon completion of the next course we'd have a photo book ready to publish.  
~ ~ ~
My phone and alarm rang at the same time the next morning.  My supervisor informed me that my vacation was over he had an assignment that was high priority.  He'd already put in an application and my interview was Tuesday morning at 9AM.  Briefing would start as soon as I got to the office.  
My initial assignment was as a photographer for a local newspaper.  I was to outshine everyone and get noticed by a national paper and move up to it.  After getting my background and reputation setup I was supposed to start freelancing on the side.  From there on I'd be able to get into many places with less hassle than inserting more undercover agents.  
~ ~ ~
The old man that ran the first paper was thrilled that I had some experience using real film and told me that the paper would handle getting everything developed and printed.  In six months I got my first national offer.  My supervisor simply told me that that wasn't the paper I needed, so I turned them down.  The editor suggested that I make a photo book and publish it, after-all all the photographs I'd taken were mine to use as I wanted.  It took almost three months to put it together and when the old man reviewed it he told me to take out one picture.  That was because one of the people in the background was a mobster and he didn't want me to get into any trouble.  The cover was beautiful, including the shot from the side of me taking a photograph at a fire.  The title Six Months as a Newspaper Photographer neatly captioned my picture on the cover.  What surprised me was no picture that showed my face was anywhere in the book or on the cover.  However what thrilled me was that people started recognizing me from the side, and then were surprised that I was so young.  
Within three months I had the original national paper and two others offering me a job at a large increase in salary.  I insisted that I be able to freelance on the side and the target paper agreed, provided I gave them first chance to publish any pictures I took.  
~ ~ ~
I was there less than six months when my editor told me that I should burn several pictures I'd taken of Perp Walks.  The one he most objected to was one I took that showed the perps face reflected off a window.  Out of curiosity I sent it to my supervisor and asked him for a full rundown on that individual.  That evening my C team showed up at my restaurant and suddenly I was apprehensive for the first time in my life.  Ruined a perfectly good date too.  They shadowed us to the opera and then home.  I had to beg off inviting him up to my apartment saying that I was developing a headache.  My supervisor was sitting on my couch when I opened my door and the first thing he said, who else knows about that picture.  
I replied, only my editor, I think, because he told me to burn it and I said I would.  
That individual is a mob assassin, that is also the best picture of his face I've seen in several years.  His luck wasn't with him on this job because he was hit making a right on red.  If he'd waited for the other car to clear the intersection, I'm sure his target would be cooling in the morgue.  As it is now we know his target, a customer, and will have to make a few modifications to his protection.  The mob isn't going to be happy when we take out their number one assassin and his target testifies next week.  You my dear need to call your boss and tell him you have a family emergency and need to go home tonight.  Leave like you're in a panic, and make sure you have your cameras.  Your ticket on the red-eye to LA is waiting at the airport.  From Juan's house you'll be able to take some great pictures of the fires near LA.  A week or two should be enough for your mother to stabilize and then you can return to work. 
I called two cab companies and neither said they could get a cab to me in time.  After the calls Janet pulled up out front and told me to hop in.  I called from the car and got the night desk.  He told me I couldn't just go home any time I wanted to, so I told him my mother was in ICU in LA and I was on my way to the airport.  He told me no so I told him I quit and if the paper didn't care for their employees any better than that he could shove it up his ass, and hung up.  I got to the airport with minutes to spare and as I rushed to the airline counter a path just seemed to open up for me.  I recognized several members of several C teams.  When the agent told me I was to late to get my suitcase on the plane, I told her she could have my clothes, I'd just carry my cameras on board as carry-on.  Looking irritated she said she wasn't allowed.  I looked around and then yelled, anyone loose a suitcase.  Several hands went up so I tossed my suitcase it their general direction.  When it hit the floor it popped open and clothes went everywhere.  One guy picked up one of my bras and said, I'd keep this but my girlfriend would want to know who lost it.  He then handed it to a woman that was trying to gather my clothes.  Then he gave her a hand.  
The counter agent just stood there with her mouth open until I slapped my hand on the counter and said, give me my boarding pass and which direction is the gate.  A few seconds later I was moving again and got there just in time.  Three guys I recognized were in first class with me and a guy that looked uncomfortable in a new suit.  I acted distraught and when I pulled my cell phone the stewardess told me I needed to turn it off and put it away.  I could use the courtesy phone as soon as we were airborne.  
As soon as the seat belt sign went off I rushed to the stewardess and asked where the phone was and she pointed at one of the guys I recognized.  He smiled and said, I'll be off it in a minute.  When he handed me the phone I also got a small piece of paper with a number on it beside the danger symbol.  I dropped the phone and the stewardess plugged it in for me and I dialed the number.  The guy on the other end had a voice that carried, he kept saying your mama will be fine as soon as she gets out of surgery.  Finally he stopped and I said, I'm on my way, send someone to pick me up at the airport.  
I heard infatti signora just before he hung up.  I quickly glanced out of the corner of my eye at the stranger and he looked a little unsettled and my three guys just grinned.  
When the plane landed two of them crowded the stranger back into his seat and the third exited the plane first.  The moment I cleared the walkway I was surrounded by big tough looking men.  One of them handed me a compact.  I opened it and I  looked behind and saw a nervous stranger getting off the plane flanked by my other two guys.  At the street a limo was waiting with two dark blue SUV's and we were off.  
A few minutes later a call came in and my escort started laughing.  I gave him a stare and he commented to everyone.  Our nervous friend made a call back to Chicago and told them how he was handled on the plane and about the escort she was met by at the airport.  From what Sam said someone is very unhappy in Chicago.  He lost all his tan and when Sam handed him a ticket to Florida and escorted him to the boarding area.  All he said was you're going to let me go.  Sam told him that anything west of the Mississippi was under our control and he could tell his boss that if our bosses daughter was bothered at all, someones family would die.  She likes to think she's independent, for now.  
~ ~ ~
I took some pictures from the roof of the hospital two days later and sold them.  An hour later my editor called and said, your contract says we get the first look and chance to publish any freelance pictures you take.  I then explained to him that when I called in the other night I was told that I could not leave to attend a family emergency.  The second time the desk editor told me I couldn't, I told him I quit and he could shove the paper up his ass.  
My editor simply said, I apologize for him, he's old school and to him the paper comes before enything else.  
I replied, OK then I'll talk to him when I get back in a week, don't mention it to him or the boss.  I was a little upset the other night.  It is simply a small misunderstanding that I'll clear up between him and me.  
Nine days later I walked up to the night desk and he really got upset when I walked around and slapped him.  He called for security and when they arrived he told them to escort me from the building.  When they started to move the two innocent looking young ladies that accompanied me pulled pig-stickers and they stopped dead in their tracks.  Turning to the night editor I sweetly said, family comes before the newspaper or any non-family group.  Am I understood?  If you now agree with me then we can shake and all will be fine, otherwise you either need to retire and leave town or you'll never leave town because my mother or father will find out that you don't like me.  She isn't in a good mood after she was run over by a dead drunk.  
It slowly dawned on him that he would die if he didn't apologize and shake my hand.  He apologized for not understanding me the other night and offered to get me coffee if I wanted some.  I said yes and he headed for the break room.  
I then turned to the night security guards.  The one with a snarl on his face I addressed first.  This misunderstanding never happened, am I understood.  With a growl he said hell no.
I then said, gentlemen, if your boss finds out that a couple of young ladies that together weigh less than one of you stopped you dead in your tracks, you can guess where your next location will be.  These boys at the desk saw nothing.  Turning to the two reporters at their desk I said, It's a very quiet night with nothing going on, right boys.  Both nodded and acted busy ignoring everything except their desk.  
Then the night editor said, guys your shift leader is in the break room, you might want to be scarce when he gets out because he commented that he'd never seen you two so attentive to your jobs when he passed you a few minutes ago.  He gave me the impression that he saw you at your stations.  They looked at each other and headed for the door.  
One of the girls pulled a hand-held out and said, they just left the office, thanks.  
Oh shit, who's watching the building?  

I answered, my family.  Is that my coffee, thank you.  
He sat down with a thump and said you don't really need to work, do you?  After a sip of my coffee I commented, a girl needs a hobby.  I apologize for being upset the other night, but my mother was hit by a drunk driver.  That's enough to upset anyone.  Anyway that problem has been handled by my brother.  Shall we shake and call it a night because my editor is a mean SOB and will want me here on time in the morning.  Good night.  
With that I led the girls out of the room and we were joined by two of my guards, in the building uniform, as we walked out the front doors.  
~ ~ ~
At 8AM I was standing in front of my editor with a briefcase full of photographs.  At five after he looked up and yelled you're late.  Prompt is something that everyone here should be.  Then with a smile he reached for the pictures and started looking through them and pulled a few.  Pulling one he looked puzzled because it was of several dogs digging in the desert.  
I snatched it and said, Oops, that location won't be found until later in the week when some hikers happen by.   
Leaning back in his chair he looked at me and asked, is that the cause of the family emergency.  
I replied, no, that was an ingrate that insulted a female friend of my brother.  The cause of the family emergency will never be found.  
Then he asked, Is the night desk going to need a new editor, or is that misunderstanding settled.  

I answered, everyone that was in the room last night is positive that it was a very quiet night and nothing happened.  There is a problem down there though, the coffee taste like shit.  
I'll see that that problem gets solved and I'll run these five pictures by the boss.  Hopefully you have a story for each.  
Sure thing, I'll get them printed up right away.  You know I'm putting together another picture book, do you want to be in it?  
No, I'll pass on having my mug shown to people.  
~ ~ ~
Three years into my assignment I was sitting in a rusty van near the docks.  I had fast back and white film, infrared film and a remote camera with microphone set up nearer the dock.  When he arrived his security spread out.  My van was just outside the ring they set up.  My planning was right on, so far.  
The other individual showed up and passed him a sheaf of papers.  He then pulled a gun and shot the other individual.  The courier never had a chance.  This was more than we'd hoped for.  Then the nearest of his security walked over to my van and started to pee on the bumper.  He must have heard my heartbeat or something because he pounded on the hood and said come out of there.  I didn't close my eyes fast enough to avoid seeing his head explode.  I heard a few shots then silence.  Looking at the relay for the dock camera I watched two of the C team approach the senator and relieve him of the papers and heard them tell him that he would be contacted with instructions, or he could resign in the morning citing poor health, family problems. or any of his usual lies.  Otherwise the recording made tonight would be published so widely that even his family would disown him.  He just stood there looking around so I kept recording and started taking still pictures again.  Then he pulled his gun and stuck it in his mouth and pulled the trigger.  I got a nice picture of that scum bag's head exploding.  
One of the boys brought over a recorder and I copied everything my recorder had from the dock camera.  He then set it up inside the warehouse and left the light on.  I started the van and our team left.  Sam called in to the police that there was a gunfight down near the docks.  
My dock camera recorded the police arriving.  Then a police supervisor and then his supervisor.  They cleaned up the mess and relocated the bodies so it would appear like a gang fight.  All was going well until one of the uniform cops pulled the senators wallet and brought it to his supervisors attention that this victim was a senator.  Then more higher ups were called.  My recorder and the relays were working fine until the camera was spotted.  After a quick search the recorder was found and then the camera was shot down.  
A moment later my cell phone rang and Jacinda told me to wrap it all up and leave town.  She was going to dump the dock camera recording with sound on the secret service server.  A cleanup team was on its way and all records of my being in Chicago would be erased.  This operation was a bust because the senators security wasn't professional.  
The news a few days later announced that the senator had a fatal stroke.  When I saw that, I uploaded the pictures of him killing the courier and then committing suicide.  I was on the bus out of Denver when my scout told me that the FBI and SWAT teams surrounded the library and arrested everyone in the building.  The nice thing about local buses is that you can get off at any crossroads.  I got off and as soon as it was out of sight.  I pulled my wig and was picked up.  
The next day the raid on the main Denver library was listed as a bomb threat.  The pictures of the senator went viral on the net.  My attitude was screw them for lying again.  Jacinda grounded me for my releasing the pictures because it stirred up the hornets nest again.  
However a month later the newspapers in most major cities got a computer thumb drive with enough of the story to stir the hornets nest again with the comment at the end that they should watch Washington more carefully.  Only three national papers were brave enough to publish what they got, so they scooped all the rest.  That left us with forty pages of documentation, of which only three didn't appear to threaten national security.  
Those three pages were released two weeks later with all the black and white shots I took.  From that release several congressmen and senators resigned for health reasons.  The news media started digging to see if they could find any dirt in Washington, and there was lots to find, although none of it was of the quality that the senator covered himself with.  Then Jacinda started leaking information about foreign dignitaries and UN officials.  That at least kept them so busy ducking that they dropped the space taxing plan that they were working on.  
I headed up to the station on a photojournalist assignment.  No one connected me with the law firm, and the C teams that came up all acted like they didn't know me.  One of the guys did flirt with me and when I told him no, he teased me that I still had the hots for Joseph.  He then told me that Joseph was on the moon documenting the moon colony.  
Nothing last forever so I wasn't to surprised when the UN got its act back together and declared the moon and the belt along with all the space stations protectorates of the UN.  
I cried for hours when I got the message from Mom and Mike saying that they were staying behind to do what they could as far as damage control.  Mike mentioned that his spirit guide didn't belong in space.  No mention was made of Alice or Thomas, and I didn't know if the younger children made it off earth.  
After my good cry I picked up my camera and headed toward the space station operations center.  I was a familiar face and no one told me to get out.  I took a few pictures and then overheard a comment about opening the deployment plans.  Looking around I saw Mr. Cole staring at me and then he motioned to his security and pointed at me.  
Instead of taking another picture I slung my camera over my shoulder and walked toward him.  As the two men approached I lit my hands and started tossing a ball of fire back and forth.  I hadn't done that in years and it took a lot of concentration.  When they stopped in shock I told them that I needed a private talk with Mr. Cole.  When one turned toward Fredrick I saw his mouth was also open, he nodded and waved them and me to follow.  
After leaving them to guard the door to his office we sat down.  I started by saying, Mike Warren is my father and I'm here undercover and need to remain so as long as possible.  When his cat jumped from his desk to my lap he finally smiled.  
He stated, I've got to check you out, you know that.  
I expect no less, and by the way when you talk to Tim and Mike ask Mike about two of my younger siblings.  They should be around somewhere undercover also.  
Pulling a folder he scanned a list quickly and said, we have several persons of interest aboard.  One at the work station has puzzled us because Jacinda's security keeps steering my security away from him.  Also the information he sends to earth is interesting, but nothing that can't be gathered elsewhere, and he has been privy to much more sensitive information.  
I stated, I don't know what name my brother has been using since he was recruited by the CIA.  If there is a CIA team aboard, he can give you all their names and locations.  My youngest sister joined the Air Force after her husband was killed.  Last I heard she was training as a space fighter pilot.  I thought they were still on earth, but from what you say Mike might be up here, I hope so.  
Two days later Frederick stopped by my quarters where I'd been confined.  His first comment was Mike is on the work station and Alecia was just transferred to the moon.  I have new orders for you which you should get through your agents pretty soon.  Disinformation about the capabilities of the stations.  
With a smile I replied, that's been going on for the last year.  Have you looked through the photographs I've sent back, or at my last book titled A Year in Space?  Compare it with the actual configuration you have now. 
Then he handed me a new station ID card and said, you're cleared for all locations except the mod 4's without escort.  You will report for training in the weapons section at noon.  
There was quite a selection of hand weapons on the station, however we weren't allowed to live fire them.  The riot control drills weren't very interesting until the trainer decided that the young lady with me an I were to be the saboteurs.  She was one of Jacinda's C team members.  Even without our passes we penetrated several high security areas and planted our fake charges and were having coffee in the bridge break area when they finally apprehended us.  The trainer got there five minutes later and started chewing us out for goofing off until I handed her my target list and stated check them out.  She demanded we show her and the team.  
There were mutterings among the capture team until Jane popped the first security panel with what looked like a fingernail file and opened the room containing the computer networking and memory equipment.  I walked across the room and pulled the training charge.  By time we got to the mod 4 section control room everyone was silent including the trainer.  Then she demanded to know who trained us.  Jane simply stated a private investigation firm in Tucson.  Half of these weak points were in a report my supervisor submitted five months ago.  
By time the trainer submitted her report and Frederick got through chewing her and the security chief out I knew every member of the C teams on the main station and had contacts for all the other stations.  All the married team members had their wives and children aboard the main station.  
I also found out that the station had three rail-guns that even Frederick didn't know about.  They'd been smuggled up, and were built into station keeping thruster assemblies.  
In September the UN invaded the ground space ports and the station started to spin down.  When we left orbit and started spiraling out the shit hit the fan.  
One UN spacecraft was ordered to intercept the work station but then the captain realized he didn't have the Delta-v to complete the maneuver and refused.  We listened over the radio as he was relieved and his XO was ordered to intercept the work station.  The little robot tried, and the radar contact we had after he ran out of fuel projected his spacecraft drifting on a trajectory that would take it to the sun in a few years.  He transmitted a mayday, but no one was in a position to help.  Six hours later his ship self destructed.  What a waste.  Several hours later the work station relayed a report sent to the moon claiming they'd destroyed the UN spacecraft with an illegal missile.  The moon fighter wings were ordered to destroy all space stations that didn't return to orbit and surrender.  
We watched the next morning when two wings, 8 space fighters, were launched from the moon.  One headed toward the work station and the other toward us.  One of my crew members informed me that they were short range fighters and unless extra fuel tanks were mounted they didn't have the range to reach either station.  
With awe I listened the reports coming in from the work station.  As soon as the fighters launched missiles they started dumping metal chunks with flares and changed their trajectory.  All the missiles took their targets as what was dumped and none came near the station.  The fighters all ran out of fuel and drifted.  
The wing that came after us was smarter.  Evidently they plotted an intercept course and coasted toward us.  Sixty hours later as they were approaching missile range the one in the rear fired upon the other three and destroyed them.  Then a voice I hadn't heard in years requested sanctuary.  The weapons crew was figuring their targeting calculations when I informed them that the pilot was my sister.  Frederick still wouldn't allow her to approach in the fighter.  She announced that if they'd pick her up she'd abandon the fighter.  A station shuttle was sent to pick her up.  
When they bought her in from the shuttle she was handcuffed.  Frederick walked up to her and said, where is your proof that I shouldn't throw you out the airlock.  Everyone in the hall started sweating so I muttered, cool it sis, you'll ruin your spacesuit.  When she whirled abound her handcuffs fell to the floor and the shuttle crew jumped back as her hands burst into flames.  
Frederick just turned to me and said, control your sister.  
Sharply I said, Alice cut it out.  
As soon as she glanced at me she gave a yell and launched herself at me and both of us were squealing like high school girls as we hit the deck.  She was crying when we got up and apologized to the guys standing around mumbling I couldn't watch my wing mates kill all the civilians on this station no matter what my commander said.  
Gathering her composure she turned to Frederick, saluted and requested permission to come aboard.  
He returned her salute and stated, your sister vouched for you, so don't disappoint her or me.  I'll give you two days to get on your feet and then check the computer for your work assignment.  Dismissed.  
It was less than a week later when the first rockets from earth were detected.  The weapons section had watched missiles launched from earth into orbit where they were refueled.  Then they were launched at our fleeing space stations.  The L4 station was hit, and at that time we found out that the missiles were nuclear.  Our station managed to take out the first 2 aimed at us with the rail guns before we ran out of ammo.  The work station used their method of dropping debris in the path of the missiles aimed at them and took out 3.  After that both stations had to change trajectories and luckily the missiles weren't equipped with thrusters to change direction or they ran out of fuel.  They ended up headed toward Mars and we ended up headed toward Venus.  
~ ~ ~
After sending out several mayday calls we were finally contacted from the asteroid belt.  They had sent a rescue and fuel ship that would refuel the work station and then rendezvous with us.  However Frederick informed them that we were short on food as well as out of fuel.  
When the rescue ship finally arrived the pilot was Stephen.  I didn't get a chance to talk to him because everyone else mobbed him and he was busy in operations.  Then we got word that another ship with rations had been launched.  That crazy fools orbit involved a close pass around the sun and out to our location even though we were on an outbound trajectory that would take us near the orbit of Mercury.  
Everyone knew where he should be, but we couldn't spot him.  Then one of the guys changed from straight radar to thermal imaging.  Less than 5 hours later he spotted a hot spot on the face of the sun.  Using the hot spot as a guide the radar finally picked up his ship and Stephen launched to rendezvous with him.  The two sections of the ship that Stephen towed back to the station looked in real bad shape.  Not only was one of the cargo modules broken, but it looked like someone had taken a blowtorch to everything.  However the rations survived.  No mention was made of the pilot for two weeks.  
Then we found out that another ship was on the way.  This one was piloted by another nut.  She did a close pass of Venus to kill her sun-ward plunge and change course to rendezvous with the station.  We were on pins and needles as we watched the incandescent streak across the upper atmosphere until it disappeared around the curve of the planet.  The minutes the ship was out of sight were filled with prayer.  Finally the streak reappeared and then disappeared again as the ship left the upper atmosphere.  Then we could see the rocket engines flare.  
Joseph claimed the thermal imaging equipment registered a temperature around 7000 degrees.  He then said that the only reason the rocket didn't burn up was that it used its rocket exhaust as a heat shield in the atmosphere.  Impossible some of the guys from the mod 4 sections claimed.  I just don't know, but whatever the pilot used, it worked.  Then we found out when the rocket docked that the pilot was Tim's daughter.  
We remained on half rations all the way to the asteroid belt and then were given what they called nanobot shots before being allowed to leave the station. 
Alice finally got Frederick to approve her working full time in operations.  After a few months she seemed right at home.  She was still going by Alecia Smith.  
Finally got to see Stephen about a week before we arrived.  He OK'd me continuing my photojournalist cover within the belt and told me that I needed to contact Artemis Baptiste.  He then informed me that he hadn't talked to her about an assignment he was going to give her, but I should use her as a sounding board.  
My initial physical and briefing was on 3260 by their dating system that they called DFE (days from earth).  I was also told that I was required to maintain a journal for my first five years in the belt and record all important events.  All of our journals would go into the belt history archive that was going to be established.
Survival training was the first thing I was assigned to do and I ended up in Gulab's class.  She took one look at me after the initial briefing and then walked over tapping her swagger stick on her leg.  Then she said, you aren't listening and swung it at my face.  
Now I'm not what you'd call a beauty, but I don't have any scars on my face, other places yes.  Without thinking I brought up a flaming hand up.  Her swagger stick stopped a few inches short of my cheek, and then I realized she wasn't watching my face, but my hands.  Her barked, you train at J5 under Alexis, out, now!  Then she turned and walked back to the front of the class and ignored me until I left.  Two days at Wonderland and I was already banished.  
A week later I found myself on a small stinky mining ship headed out.  Forty-six days later we entered another section of the belt and there were several habitats and ships just drifting around the area.  I was dumped at J5 operations along with my gear.  After hanging around in a corner for about an hour this little woman came in and headed straight for me.  
The first thing she said was, daughter of Walking Death you will behave or I'll burn you down right to the deck.  Grab your stuff and follow me.  Then she turned and started walking.  I was so startled that I didn't catch up to her until the end of the hall where she was tapping her foot in front of an open door.  In there, was all she said.  
As I entered the room I was hit by a wave of heat that kept increasing.  The only thing I could think of was making my own fire and using it to push back the heat.  Then I heard, you're a little slow reacting, but you will learn.  Then my fire was snuffed out and Alexis was standing right in front of me.  You will train until you can control your talent fine enough to etch circuits in solid metal.  
After my spacesuit was located mixed in with the cargo delivered, Glenda started drilling me on its proper use and maintenance.  I quickly realized that there was no spacesuit maintenance section.  On the third day she showed me where part of the knee joint was improperly installed, and would have caused me to loose my leg it there was any malfunction of the suit.  I quickly realized I would live or die because of the knowledge and skills I had, or didn't have.  After two weeks she asked me if I thought I had my suit in proper working order, and would trust my life to it.  
Glancing at my suit log, that she insisted I start, I announced I needed one more pressure and movement test and I could do that in the airlock.  Thirty minutes in vacuum doing the contortions she insisted I preform she asked me if I was secure enough to open the outer airlock door.  I spun the hatch wheel and felt the latches release on the outside.  Reaching to the outside I felt around until I found a tie down loop and fastened my safety line.  I'd no sooner gotten through the hatch than I froze.  I realized I was surrounded by nothing.  The feeling was more intense than the feeling I had the first time I rappelled down a cliff to get a closeup shot of an eagle nest.  The awe of it all.  After a minute or two I realized something was tapping on my helmet.  
Glenda kept repeating, are you OK?  
All I could say is this is awesome, it's worth all the shit I ever had to put up with.  
With a laugh Glenda said, the shit ain't over yet, you still have to train your powers.  
It took three months before I had complete control over my temper and powers.  Another power emerged that I had no idea I possessed.  I could make my fingernails so hard that I could cut metal with them.  Alexis told me that it was similar to what Jacinda had because she could and had sliced up men with her bare hands and not even gotten a snag nail.  
Alexis finally declared that I was trained as well as I could be and arranged for me to catch the next supply ship back to Wonderland.  
~ ~ ~
I arrived back at Wonderland and went to see Alecia and Mike.  After telling them what I'd gone through for the last four months I suggested that they visit J5 for better training.  Alecia hadn't been off FS1 so she'd never been fully trained like Gulab trained new personnel.  Mike had been trained by one of the old hands on the workstation, but had never really been outside free on obstructions.  
After another month I determined that neither one of them thought they needed survival training so I arranged for Gulab to visit them when I could be in the background.  She got reactions from both and informed them that they would be banished from Wonderland area until they could control themselves because they were a danger to those around them.  
They were still fuming when a ship from J5 arrived to pick them up.  
Both learned to control their fire power.  When they returned they greeted me with hugs and kisses and then tried to give me a hot foot.  Needless to say it didn't work, but we left some melted deck plates we had a hard time explaining.  
~ (ToC) ~


Joanna
Excerpts from Joanna Flame Warren's diary/journal by Joanna, remainder of diary encrypted by Joanna.  
Mom and Dad insisted that I start technical training.  They sent me to Tim's Cave.  
[2004] After spending 2 years learning about ships environmental systems they let me come home to Phoenix and then shipped me off to the reservation.  
[2008] The old woman they had me living with was a bitch and a medicine woman. Talk about crawling around like a baby.  She had me collecting plants and herbs for almost a year and then started me on making herbal medicines.  
[2010] After that I was sent to Jones Security and given to one of their personnel for a six month medical training.  She kept me busy helping, I had my hands in everything from common colds to field surgery.  Talk about an eye opener.  
[2011] Then they gave me to a survivalist in the mountains of Tennessee.  After about a week I figured out that he was the unofficial doctor in that area.  We did everything from setting bones to removing bullets.  He mainly used herbs, but he knew when to grab the modern medicine.  My herb collection almost doubled.  He also made me collect, prepare the remedies, and preserve the seeds for all the herbs we used.  
[2012]  Mom called me home and told me that I had to go help Alexis.  They shipped me to the space station.  Dutch, Lin, and Kit were on the ship.  After two months we left for the moon.  
[2016]  At the moon we picked up more ship modules and 3 more ships.  Then I was given command of all 4 ships and we departed for the Asteroid belt.  
[2018]  After 19 months trip time in this tin can we finally arrived.  They told us the date was 3059 DFE.  It was great to see Alexis.  He was not the older brother I remembered.  He didn't swagger any more, he seemed almost a old as Dad.  My first impression of his wife was that she was another Liz.  His wife was tough as nails until we got to the J5 area and I got to know her.  I guess, I'd grown up myself because not only my crews but his listened to me.  Oh I got corrected, but they were all very respectful.  Only one young man told me off and when I started flicking fire between my fingers, he simply told me to think about it and flew off.  I went to see Glenda and all she said was “You've met your match!”  
[Day 3064]  Alexis got back today, and the first thing he asked me was if I was in love because he'd never seen me looking so weird.  I shoved him back into the airlock and went to my room and cried for the rest of the morning.  
[Day 3069]  Glenda cornered me this morning and told me that a three foot square of the garden had been marked off for me.  She wanted me to pick a few herbs and grow them there.  After looking at the vegetables they had planted I picked a few that doubled as spices.  When I checked my collection I found out that Mom and added two footlockers of seed packs with a letter.  In it she outlined the powers that each of them had and cautioned me to practice in private until I could control them completely.  She told me things about Dad that I'd never even guessed and warned me about his power that Sunflower had accidentally picked up that had terrified her until she had to use it to one time save us.  
[Day 3107]  Finally caught Alexis alone and asked him how much he knew about the family history and powers they had.  It was the first time I'd ever seen fear on his face.  When his pipe shape birthmark faded he told me to sit down and after several hours of talking I realized that all my brothers and sisters were as dangerous as I was.  I'd seen what happened when Joshua had hugged Star and Alexis and then what happened to his wife.
I'd only had to protect myself one time and then I had to call Dutch to get rid of the bodies.  
Now I know why the old Indian medicine woman had given me a secret power name and told me to repeat it to no one except my life mate.  She said it was for his protection.  
Alexis told me that he would get a safe area set up for me to train in.  Until then if I felt myself slipping I was to suit up and go outside until he could get there.  I wasn't even to practice my self defense exercises or gymnastics when anyone else was around.  Strong physical activity with competition could bring out the powers until I had complete control.  Then he confided in me that he'd almost lost control with one of the trainers after he got to the belt.  
[Day 3111]  Gulab stopped by.  I asked her if I could look at her swagger stick claiming that I never held one.  She whipped it around and stopped an inch from my ear and quietly asked if I was going to burn it.  I laughed and told her that one charcoal end was all that a swagger stick should have.  A flicker of fear crossed her face and then she told me that my temper could kill and I needed to become an iron-maiden until the right man came along.  Turning to Alexis she quietly informed him that he would personally train all members of his family and any husbands or wives they had.  Then she asked him how many of his sibling had power.  When he answered her, “All do,” she simply said, “I have some friends on the moon that will also need training if they ever get here.  You'll get them too.”  
[Day 3127]  Alex had stripped a module 3 set up with nitrogen atmosphere.  He informed me that all training was to be done in spacesuit with gloves and helmet removed.  
[Day 3128]  Alex started me off burning holes in a chunk of asteroid they'd somehow gotten in through the cargo hatch.  
[Day 3169]  Getting good enough that I can mimic a laser engraver.  When I showed Alexis, he had William Lashel bring over several metal plates with schematics.  
[Day 3180]  Finally got the one good plate etched.  Now William wants me to fill the etching with melted gold. 
[Day 3192]  Had to start over several times after messing up and finally got one complete.  Then William took one look at it and told me that it was a piece of crap and started pointing out imperfections.  Damn it, I wanted to give him a hot foot.  Instead I just threatened to burn a hole in his spacesuit.  He backed into the airlock and slammed the hatch, the only problem was his gloves were still on the shelf by the door.  After a few minutes I floated over and opened the hatch to toss in his gloves and found him with his helmet off laughing.  Looking at the expression on my face he stated that I was almost ready to marry.  
[Day 3195]  William caught me in the dining area and asked me to become his wife because we were a match made in the belt, and he had already fallen in love with me.  Then he kicked off and out the door.  
That afternoon I asked Glenda what I should do.  She answered that if I loved him she would arrange the wedding.  She and Alexis had already talked about us and approved because of our interaction.  Alexis had noticed the sparks flying whenever both of us were in the same area.  
That evening Glenda published the information and set the date for Day 3200.
[Day 3199]  Star and her husband arrived with cargo from main base.  
[Day 3200]  Star stood with me at the altar and Alexis gave Bill away.  They wouldn't allow me to kiss him.  Star and Glenda took me over to the practice module and talked to me for over an hour explaining precautions I had to take and remember.  When Alexis brought Bill over he gave us a briefing that was military in design before they left.  I then told Bill my secret name and made him repeat it until he began to show signs like that of my birthmark.  During our first kiss the module pressure alarm went off and we had to patch two holes in the hull.  I'd burned them right through the hull with my eyes closed.  We had an interesting first night.  I damn near killed us both several times.  We even had to suit up one time until the environmental system could correct the module atmosphere.  
[Day 3201]  When we entered the main habitat we were met at the airlock by Star and Alexis.  They looked at us and congratulated us on surviving our first night and said that Bill might live to be an old man.  However we needed to move our honeymoon module further away from J5 before any more damage was done to the area.  The main habitat and several ships had been holed during the night period and there was a large hole in one of the asteroids that made up the wall.  
[Day 3204]  Our module is now four light seconds from J5 and out of direct line of sight.  Alexis gave us a week for our honeymoon before we have to report back to work.  
[Day 3211]  This morning we're headed back to J5.  It's a good thing that we parked our ship on the other side of a large asteroid.  Even so there was a one inch hole completely through the asteroid and ship.  It didn't take long to patch, but we spent ten hours inspecting everything before we fired up the electronics and main rocket.  My subconscious is learning to control my powers even while I'm having fun.  
[Day 3214]  We were challenged when we approached J5.  Our ship set off the radiation alarms.  Upon closer inspection it wasn't the ship, it was the ionization surrounding us.  Once we became aware of it, it was easy to dissipate.  
[Day 3220]  When cleaning up this morning I caught a glimpse of my right arm.  I've got a faint mark there and it looks like the tattoo that Bill has on his arm.  Got to remember to ask him where he got it.  
[Day 3223]  Alexis gave Bill and me the strangest instructions.  He said use our intuition to go out and get a load of radioactive ore.  We shoved off after the evening meal.  
[Day 3224]  After breakfast I asked Bill which way he wanted to go and he pointed back toward the engine compartment, so we rotated the ship and accelerated for about half an hour.  
[Day 3285]  Bill wanted to stop and investigate a few asteroids that the radar showed at extreme range.  
[Day 3297]  One of them was almost pure lead.  We used the laser to slice it into three foot thick slices and then rounded 6 of the slices to fit inside the Module 5 cargo frame.  I insisted that we also cut a few spacers to keep the disk apart.  
[day 3298]  We now have them all secured.  I started off in the direction we were originally headed and Bill changed our course out of the belt.  
[Day 3310]  Bill decelerated the ship and started checking every asteroid we passed this morning.  
[Day 3313]  I guess Bill finally found what he was looking for.  The alarm on the  spectrograph finally went off.  
[Day 3314]  We backed off from the asteroid he says is the one and started cutting it into sections.  
[Day 3325]  We finally got all we figured we could safely carry loaded.  Our instruments indicate that we're more radioactive than our cargo, but that's impossible.  Using every data program in the computer, we should not have any safety problems with our load.  I've checked and checked.  I'm still worried because I think I've missed something else besides my second month in a row.  
[Day 3374]  Arrived J5 with as much radioactive ore that we thought we could safely carry.  Told Bill to get some help and separate the mod 5 from our ship and park it someplace, because I had to go to the main habitat.  Told Glenda my problem and she immediately took me to the medical section.  I'm going to be a mother.  The damn doctor put me on bed rest and says he has a dozen more test that he has to run because I've been around radioactive ores.  Alexis is worried all to hell and says he feels guilty about sending me out in my delicate condition.  
[Day 3377]  I don't know what's gotten into Alexis.  He looks more and more worried every time I see him.  At noon meal today he told Bill to prepare the ship, he had a dispatch for me to carry to the Assembly and he suggested that while I was there I get a through medical exam.  He also said that I should see a certain doctor and the results should be sealed until I get back here.  
[Day 3378]  This morning just before we were going to depart Glenda boarded our ship and said he told her to go with us and get a full medical.  
[Day 3439]  Doctor Venu started on us this afternoon after I met with the Assembly yesterday.  He was very thorough with both of us. I was never poked and prodded in so many places.  I think he took enough pictures to do a documentary.  He even ran me back through the ID machine and drew lots of blood to check.  The computer disk and papers he sealed in an envelope and weren't to be opened until we were back in J5 in the presence of Alexis.  Glenda had an envelope just like mine.  Bill took the envelopes and taped them to the wall.  All he would say was that he hoped that Alexis knew what he was doing.  
[Day 3502]  Arrived back this morning and Alexis told us to take it easy and he'd see us after 2nd shift meal.  He tossed Bill my envelope and told him to read the results, and if there was anything he didn't want him to see, he could cover the data.  Then he started on Glenda's envelope.  I watched both their faces go through the full spectrum of emotions.  After they finished the papers they started looking at the data disk.  When they called the Doc in Glenda and I got worried.  
Doc after checking several of the data disk told them to buck up and left laughing his head off.  
Then they conferred for a few minutes and told us that we'd better get prepared for a large family.  I was carrying twins and so was Glenda.  The really disturbing physical trait that both sets had wasn't outlined in his letter, but several concerns were.  
~ ~ ~
[Day 7500]  After we got to Saturn, Alexis put me in charge of security.  I also will get the first new command warship, although it wouldn't be finished until 8654 DFE.  
~ (ToC) ~


Alexis
Today special ship T-45 arrived and docked with a belt station.  Glad I don't have to pilot it any further.  We were informed that we were required to maintain a journal for our first five years here.  These people only count from the day they left earth and the supposed official date is 1813, but I've heard several other numbers.  
Day 1816.  Finally settled in and the scheduled for the next two weeks is intensive training on how to survive.  It consisted of basic suit training, and unarmed combat to begin with.  I first thought that the combat training was to get us in better physical shape until they made me an assistant instructor and outlined exactly what they wanted me to teach.  The reservation training came in handy, but the instructor knew more that I think our best security knew about unarmed combat.
Day 1832.  Finally finished with the suit and hand to hand training.  Very intensive and covered a few things that Dad didn't have us trained on.  Next week we start on spacecraft and habitat training with more training on spacesuits and then mining.  
Day 1866.  I thought that the instructors in my first two week training period were tough. The first thing that our main instructor did was insist that we pronounce her first name correctly.  It was Gulab Yadev.  We quickly committed that to memory because she was so tough that I even had trouble protecting myself from her bamboo swagger stick.  She had to be the twin of the guy that started us off.  Only later did I notice that our personal combat skill level determined how aggressive she was.  It was only then that I realized that she could have folded me up and ejected me from any airlock at any time.  After a month with her we were all in great shape and knew our subjects better than the back of our hands.  
Day 1870.  This morning we were assigned an old mining ship that they called an operational spacecraft, they told us that we would be using for mining training.  Each of us were given a checklist and told to individually inspect the ship, and then when we met the next morning this little redhead chewed us up and spit us out.  When any of us listed a piece of equipment as being within operational specifications, she dragged and I mean physically dragged the us to that piece of equipment and started pointing out problems with it.  I didn't mention it, but I think she built that ship out of worn out parts, and that isn't a bad concept for training.
Day 1873.  This morning when we reported to the ship, it was a different one.  We were split up in crews of two and assigned to three spacecraft.  We were given three weeks to bring them up to belt standards, because they said we were taking our lives out in them.  
Day 1995.  We finished up last night and loaded our gear this morning.  Star and I were to accompany another ship to a mining area and load up and return.  I knew that Star was irritated when we left because the birthmark on her face was still glowing when we finally went into free-fall.  Then she tore the backup computer down and started rebuilding it.  I focused on the hard-shell spacesuits.  
Day 2036.  Well we're finally somewhere.  Haven't seen our trainers spacecraft in over two weeks.  They simply told us that they'd be within one light minute of us observing and mining on their own.  This area is mainly carbonaceous asteroids.  
Day 2043.  It took us a week to fill the cargo module.  Heck it's only a bare structure made of I beams.  We made our check in and were told to proceed to their location.  After running through our checklist and verifying all navigational data we fired the main rocket.  Everything went perfect for the first three seconds until the timed shutoff activated, then our cargo started coming out of the end of the module 5.  Before either of us could react the maneuvering thrusters fired to adjust our attitude and the rest of the load shifted and started drifting out of the frame.  Star called them as I suited up to go out.  In the cargo hold I remembered something called nets on the manifest.  Star located them and two other references to nets so I checked all three.  There were two size and shape nets, cases of link clips, and cases of short cables with eyes at both ends.
Day 2050.  Well we got the load secured inside the nets, and this time had no loss of cargo while maneuvering.  
Day 2051.  When we arrived at the rendezvous point the Calhoons laughed until Jill started crying.  Then James told us that we'd completed our training.  Maneuvering with a cargo was the last element, and most didn't make it without several attempts.  Jill reminded him about one couple that they had to tell about the cargo nets and then show them how to use them.  After dropping off our load at the mining station, we were to go out on our own and mine an area.  
Day 2075.  Finally unloaded, resupplied and ready to head out tomorrow.  
Day 2076.  Headed out on our first solo trip.  Now if we can find a good mining site, we can start accumulating some profit.  
Day 2160.  Reentering the belt from sun side.  Good solid radar contacts along with spectroscope reading indicating high metal content.  Star swears the spectral lines indicate lanthanide series elements.  
Day 2161.  Still reeling from the nuggets we've collected.  Silver, Platinum, Copper, and Nickel are the main chunks.  Lanthanum is also about 2%.  We think we've got a rich haul!  
Day 2209.  Returned to main station and in morning headed over to the mining station.  
Day 2211.  After unloading and analysis I was given a chit.  Then I was given a bill for expenses on ship rental, fuel, and supplies.  We barely broke even.  Star and I discussed with some of the more experienced miners what paid and how much.  Then we found out that supply and demand fluctuated more out here than on earth.  We were amazed at the element maps that the old timers had accumulated from their explorations showing everyone's claims.  We'd thought to keep our find and maps secret until we were told what survey maps were worth.  Since our mapped area was new, it was worth a quarter of our expended fuel.  
Day 2212.  We spent all day pouring over all the survey maps after getting a current price list of all the elements.  After consulting with the current geologist, we plotted our next mining and exploration trip.  We also sent an encrypted message to Liz requesting some special supplies.  
Day 2242.  Our plan is to survey area from our original survey site and further out.  This time we'll use our claim markers.  
Day 2249.  Found a piece of carbon the size of a truck.  After cutting it in half with a laser, we trimmed it to fit in the cargo module.  That's when we discovered the compression fractures and some diamonds on the backside.  
Day 2264.  Finished survey to our original area and marked the largest asteroids.  Our cargo module is almost full so we decided to head for the out system side of the belt and return by that route collecting anything valuable along with more mapping.  
Day 2279.  We have a decision to make.  The spectrograph reads almost pure H2O.  
Day 2280.  It took nineteen hours to laser out a plug that would fit on the end of the cargo module even after I screwed up and split the asteroid.  It took three hours to secure it.  
Day 2331.  The water plug gave us a profit that was a down payment on our own ship.  We registered our claims on the water asteroid and others, then published our surveys.  Our diamonds turned out to be low grade caused by impact compression.  Our geologist friend scratched his head and then whispered that our survey and mining routes were a good idea and then demanded we buy him dinner as a consulting fee.  He added that we were fast learners.
Day 2340.  Star's “friend” got in 3 days ago and she only sent me a note telling me she'd be busy for a few days.  This morning in the community dining hall I finally saw her and asked if she wanted to go back out, or stay at the main base.  I could tell that she was torn.  I then radioed the mining coordinator and asked him what a plug of  H2O the size of a module 5 was worth.  He replied that if I could get it to his station, I'd own my own ship.  
Day 2361.  Star and I finished cutting the H2O to basic dimensions and will start reassembling the module 5 frame around it after some sleep.  
Day 2385.  Arrived back to the mining station and heard the news from earth about the cargo ship being confiscated.  My H2O plug was suddenly worth a ship plus.  Message from Joanna stating that some  special ships were on the way and would be arriving about day 2700.  
Day 2439.  Star and I returned with another module 5 size water plug, also another quick survey.  We located several nickel and iron asteroids and filed claims on them.  
Day 2445.  Star and her friend got married.  Now I have to find a partner so I can go back out.  
Day 2449.  Our geologist friend introduced us to his kid sister.  She's only two years younger than me, and stuck in a habitat job.  I agreed to take her out and pay her 30% of trip profit.  Star is so giddy that she bought her a hard-shell suit.  
Day 2470.  Finished going over my ship.  My new crew member still has a few things to learn, but she's bright and willing to get her hands dirty.  Got a confidential request from the mining coordinator to do a long survey on out system side of belt looking for certain minerals and possible relocation points for the habitats.  Five minutes before departure I was called to Stephen's office and given additional orders.  They know something, but aren't talking.  When I got to my ship I had to secure extra supplies that were waiting by the airlock.  
Day 2523.  Arrived at designated survey start point.  Radioed all radar survey data from station to start point back to Wonderland.  Headed into belt from in system location.  
Day 2567.  Nothing interesting found traversing belt to out system side.  
Day 2580.  Interesting location found.  Several dozen large asteroids that formed a wall inside the belt. 
Day 2606.  Another pocket found with large asteroids forming a in system wall.  Also several water and ammonia asteroids.  
Day 2614.  We collected are first sample, mineral 6 on the list.
Day 2625.  Collected several samples, minerals 2 & 5 off list.
Day 2638.  Hit the jackpot.  Number 1 on the list.  The asteroid is longer than my ship and almost pure.  Glenda has finally lost her cool and demanded that we collect more asteroids and not just survey.  She demands to at least make some credit on this trip.  Gave her a quick brief on my orders, and she shut up.  
Day 2639.  Glenda demanded to know what I knew and when.  Told her and then she just went to the back of the ship and cried.  
Day 2641.  She finally came forward and sat down and explained her actions.  She and her brother and his wife left earth at the insistence of their father.  He'd sold everything he had to get them the training needed and pulled every favor he could to get them on the station.  They were supposed to go to the moon, but fate had put them on the list for the asteroid belt.  As a politician, he'd told them that their survival depended on getting off earth.  He was assassinated before they were half way to the belt.  Then she started crying again and all I could do was hold her.  
Day 2653.  Stopped and cut a plug off my water asteroid.  
Day 2654.  Headed back to main base.  
Day 2686.  Dropped cargo off at mining station and then proceeded to Wonderland to file my reports.  Found out the news and the fact that Stephen was half way across the solar system.  The Assembly wasn't to interested in my report until I informed them that Stephen had given me orders personally.  
Day 2688.  Last night I heard a rumor that one of the stations fleeing earth had been hit with a nuclear missile.  Stephen had taken one of the new fuel ships and gone to refuel the fleeing stations.  This morning I was called before the Assembly and given new orders to do an in-depth survey of the belt in the opposite direction from my last.  I was also to report to the manufacturing station and pick up a new module 4 with a module 7.  The Assembly was paying the bill, but I had to pay for other repairs and equipment upgrades.  I was to  depart as soon as possible.  I called Glenda and told her that I needed to see her and her brother in the morning.  
Day 2689.  After swearing them to secrecy, I told him to plan me a survey route in the opposite direction from my last survey.  Glenda agreed to sign on for another trip.  I then took the ship to the manufacturing station.  
Day 2690.  I met them again this morning.  Glenda's eyes were red and he was aggravated.  His wife stared at me and didn't say a word.  Then she tore into me like a fishwife.  I was the most miserable excuse for a man that ever walked the earth, and took advantage of a poor young innocent girl that was grief stricken over the death of her father.  When Glenda's brother started, Glenda jumped up and rushed over to me and stood in front of me facing them.  She then screamed that I was a perfect gentleman during the entire trip and she would go with me anywhere.  Then she turned and whispered in my ear, “Let's fix them, marry me!”  I know I must have looked like the village idiot, because I whispered back “OK”.  She then turned and after she ran out of English words she reverted to her native language and gave them a tongue lashing like nothing I've ever heard.  I noticed a slight smile from both of them.  When Glenda finally ran down her brothers wife quietly said she would not allow Glenda to go with me because she without a chaperon.  The first trip was bad enough, but a second would be scandalous.  
I sat down and asked him for permission to wed his sister since he was the man of the family.  After he gave me his permission his wife then informed me that the belt community was now a matriarchy because the Assembly government was formed.  That meant that I needed her permission, which she reluctantly granted because she didn't know if I could provide for a member of her family.  When I looked at Glenda, all I saw was confusion until she realized that they had manipulated both of us.  As Glenda opened her mouth to raise Cain again, I jumped in and told her that she should hold her tongue until she was the head of her own family and that would not be until we were married.  
I grabbed her hand and pulled her from the conference room and led her down to the administrative offices.  There I was told to shut-up and the woman behind the counter asked Glenda what she wanted to do.  Well Glenda found out that by just filling out the forms and filing them we would be married, so we did.  Outside the door I asked her if she wanted a fancy wedding, if so we'd make her brothers wife set it up.  Glenda kissed me there in the corridor and then said, “I'll make her do that and furnish a dowry”.  It was hard to hold a straight face as Glenda informed them of what they would do to arrange a proper wedding for her.  
Day 2695.  Message received that four ships from moon on the way.  The members are all trusted members from Phoenix and the Cave.  I sent them a message to hold when they got here because my ship is in repair and I was getting married.  
Day 2705.  Today Glenda and I were married, and the celebration rocked the station.  I also got a call informing me that my ship would be ready in the morning.  When I told Glenda she announced to everyone that we were going on an extended honeymoon because she wanted some privacy to ravish her new husband.  By time the wedding guest got done with me, I was definitely embarrassed.  Then one of the Assembly members walked in and over to Glenda.  She congratulated her on getting a nice young man and then asked her to report to the Assembly in the morning before leaving on her honeymoon.  The only thing that ruined her act was the wink she gave me on the way out.  
We met at the assembly, the orders and a formal certificate announcing the formation of the new Argillaceous family was presented to Glenda.  We were shuttled to the manufacturing station and boarded our ship.  After a briefing and inspection we departed.  
Day 2855.  Strange mining ship arrived from belt side.  The captain, Virginia Weehunt, claimed that she had a message from Glenda's brother.  This evening my computer section called and to tell me that her survey data was irregular because it had the basic asteroid locations correct but the date stamps on the files were screwed up.  
Day 2988. We rendezvoused with Joanna's ships.  After locking on Glenda and I went across.  The special equipment I'd requested took up a whole module.  Under normal circumstances it would have made me rich out in the belt, but now it could mean the survival as a community.  Of the ten members of the crew, I knew seven, the other three were approved by June.  After explaining the present government to them they swore that the special cargo would remain intact.  
Day 2990.  They followed me in and we arrived this afternoon.  The situation at Wonderland was frantic.  Joanna requested a closed session with the Assembly and was refused until Glenda insisted.  Her  crew including the men and Glenda and I were the only outsiders there when Joanna explained why her unscheduled and unannounced arrival was important.  Then she informed the Assembly what half her cargo was and the fact that two modules belonged to me personally and the rest was her family's.  When one of the Assembly members asked Glenda how I could own the contents of two modules, she replied that I was acting with her knowledge on behalf of the family since I was her husband.  Glenda then demanded that the Assembly move one empty habitat to our claim on the back side of the belt, and got it.  
I am amazed by Glenda.  She sure put on a good show of being in charge of the family in public, but in private wow!  Now I understand Dad when he once said that the women in his life were his best partners and he had four.  
Day 2991.  We departed Wonderland with the sections of a habitat as cargo for location J5.  
Day 3064.  I arrived back at J5 after short detour.
Day 3066.  Finished unloading first module mom sent.  It consisted of 20 hard-shell suits with latest modifications.  Stenciled on the first one was CHECK INSIDE.  After popping the hatch on the first one we found a packing inventory, tools, and assembly instructions.  Also what looked like a spandex body suit with a standard soft spacesuit helmet.  At the end of the module they found 5 larger hard-shell suits that turned out to be made for 2 occupants.  Packed between the suits and in every nook and cranny was everything from inflatable module sections to gourmet food. 
In the other module we found a note that said DON'T OPEN UNTIL YOU HAVE A BASE SETUP, TOOLS TO MAKE TOOLS, FERTILIZED GUINEA EGGS, FARM KIT, & SOIL KIT, MOM.  
Day 3070.  Our habitat is set up and functional.  Joanna's ship is disassembled and now set up as five mining ships with modules left over.  My favorite drill instructor arrived this morning with her bamboo swagger stick to verify that Joanna's crew knows how to survive in the belt.  
Day 3072.  Two mining ships arrived.  Both contained members of the Assembly.  They respectfully requested to know the complete contents of our ships because they found 100 compact crossbows and other assorted lethal hand weapons in the modules we left at Wonderland.  They were returning them.  Glenda and Joanne both assured them that we were not planning a takeover.  These weapons were for defense only.  Then I showed them the plans for several types of low level refined nuclear reactors and the tools to make them.  Madeline then informed us that two more habitats were on their way with crews to assemble them.  One should be for mining and the other for manufacturing.  Snowfeather had gone through Stephen's notes and found some very disturbing.  Also were plans to be implemented when certain situations arose.  She also had a question, “What did he infer when he mentioned Apache medicine women?”
Joanna turned and told Madeline that there were certain secrets that she should not be burdened with.  This particular secret would make certain people targets for mob action, and could even cause the death of other individuals because of their fearful reactions.  
Day 3130.  First blow up module balloon inflated.  Insulation will be started later after inside is coated with vaporized metal.  
Day 3061.  Satisfactory coating has set and it took 15 hours to remove the outside blow up balloon.  
Day 3178.  First layer of vaporized rock is now 10 cm thick.  Module collars and mounting studs installed.  Only 10 more layers of metal and rock to put in before we can start building inside.  Two members of Joanna's crew are building beams.  
Day 3180.  Our end of laser communications link up and functional.  Sending one ship to setup other end and relays to Wonderland.  
Day 3189.  Blow up module shell complete with bracing beams.  Interior can now be started.  
Day 3199.  Star and her husband dropped by with a water cracking unit that the Assembly told them to deliver.  Madeline wanted to know how soon we'd have fresh food.  I sent a note back that the gourmet/fresh food would be high ticket rationed items. 
Day 3214.  Joanna and Bill back from honeymoon.  Radiation alarms went off throughout the J5 area as they entered.  I'm wondering what talents Bill may have in his ancestry.  Last time I talked to June she hinted that he may have some eastern European gypsy in his past.  
Day 3215.  Wonderland end of laser communications system now operational.  First message received just before noon meal.  
Day 3223.  Sent Joanna & Bill out to find radioactive ores.  Told them to use their intuition.  
~ ~ ~
Day 3259.  Interior complete and first crew moved into blow up habitat.  They will start installing module 7 & 4 after a pressure check and sleep break.  Pressure test passed.
Day 3270.  Module 7 & 4 installed.  
Day 3292.  Movement test passed, no leaks, although crew reported that the module interior equipment needed to be rearranged for better trajectory balance.  We're going to call the first one Liz.  This 60 foot ball made out of triangles looks like a soccer ball mounted on a blow torch.  Complete construction time was 220 days.  The plans were great.  We now have doubled our living habitat space.  The notes say we may be able to use the balloon four or five times.  There are other plans that start out with an external beam frame and then working in and out from there.  However we've got to build the equipment to make them.  
Day 3301.  First shipment of vegetables didn't bring as high a ticket price as expected.  However the 100 guinea were worth their weight in gold, except Joanna brought back an aquarium with three kinds of fish, two pairs of birds, and three kittens.  All we need now is bird poop.  While we were looking at the kittens a miner came in and offered 20 feet of ice and 5 feet of metal.  I checked the sexes and gave him one of the two females with the provision that if she had kittens we got half of them.  He agreed with tears in his eyes.  After he left Glenda looked at us and informed us that that soft heart-ed tough old bastard lost very few fights or arguments.  His wife will probably be in shortly raising hell about how we snookered him out of half his cargo.  
She came in like a tornado and sounded like a herd of elephants until she saw the birds.  Her eyes got big and she offered the rest of the cargo for them if we'd give them enough fuel to make it back to main base.  Glenda let her down easy by reminding her that the kitten would eat them, and they were to valuable to be cat food.  However if she could pry the kitten away from her husband, the same conditions would apply to the birds.  
Day 3314.  Sent Glenda to get Mickey in operations and ambushed her when she was sent into a fireproof room.  Told her that we'd train her before she could go back to the main colony. 
Day 3374.  Bill and Joanna returned with half their mod 5 full of ore separated by disk of almost pure lead they'd found.  Glenda called me just after lunch and told me that I was going to be an uncle.  I was apologizing to Joanna when she picked up a juice bulb and nailed me right between the eyes.  
Day 3375.  The doctor is worried about Glenda and Joanna.  They are both together all the time and several times a day the radiation alarms keep going off in her section of the clinic.  Glenda knows my secret name and now has an almost visible new birthmark like mine, but none of my talents protect me from radiation.  The only good news is that Glenda is very pregnant.  The Argillaceous family will have a new member in seven months. I put the boys to designing a habitat that will have at least 1/2 G.
Day 3376.  Talked to Glenda last night and talked to Joanna this morning.  When I voiced my fears all Jo said was I'd better check Glenda for new birthmarks.  She then showed me a tattoo on her arm that matched one that Bill had, and she swore that she never had a tattoo before she married him.  Asked Glenda about her families history and she said that she had European, Asian, & African ancestors.  I checked her right arm and there seems to be a slight discoloration up near the shoulder.  When I pointed it out to her, she just told me not to worry about it.  When I asked her if she knew Joanna's secret name she just gave me a strange look and said yea and then told me to go to sleep.   I'm really worried about Glenda and have made a decision.
Day 3377.  I'm sending Joanna and Glenda back to the main base for exhaustive exams by Dr. Venu.  All I told Bill was to take them and bring them back.  I also gave Joanna an addition task.
Day 3379.  I was handed a diagram for a barrel shaped habitat that was 1500 meters in diameter, that included farms capable of supporting it's population.  On top of that the design had an engine section that needed 7 main rockets mounted half way between the ends around the middle of the habitat.  That left both ends open for docking ports.  It would rotate at 1.1 RPM and give 1 G at its outside level.  It was a monster.  Then I was handed a scaled down version that was 500 meters in diameter and 700 meters in length.  It needed to spin at approximately 1.9 RPM to give 1 G at its outside level.   1.5 RPM would give .6 G.  The alternative was to connect 2 spacecraft together with a long cable and have them rotate around each other.  I told the boys to figure out the cost and construction time for the small habitat, and the rigging for the 2 spacecraft method.  
Day 3382.  Called the boys together and told them to move the manufacturing station outside the main belt on the interstellar side and start on the 500 meter habitat.  However, they should modify their plans so that there would be and ion drive on each end without sacrificing accessibility to the docking ports.  Their H2O rockets around the middle would still be needed along with a few hundred thrusters.  Also I wanted them to put on a few feet of slag as a radiation and meteoroid shield over the whole thing along with weapons locations.  If they could do that and prove it would work and move, then I'd allow them to build the toy they really wanted to, the 1500 meter habitat.  They started calling me a tyrant along with a few other choice names until I threaten to tell their wives that they couldn't complete a small project for Glenda.  Their small toy would give us another 3,767,368 square feet for farming and living in.
Day 3390.  Another survey in.  They found 3 more shielded areas that stations could be set up in.  
Day 3440.  Finished the second globe [J5 farm 1] and put a slight spin on it.  Crushed up some asteroids and moved half the farm over.  Moved the birds over to the new farm. 

Weehunt's got in from J8 and I took James over to the construction station and showed him the new ships my boys designed.  He just had a glazed look in his eyes as he asked how he could get his hands on one.  I'd watched them make a fortune, because they had extraordinary luck.  Jokingly I said, “Your complete credit balance.”  He grabbed my hand and said done before I could blink.  When his wife arrived he told her that I forced him to buy the ship.  That wasn't the first lie a husband had told his wife.  I assigned Bill and Sherry Simpson to go out with them on their first trip to train them.
Day 3349.  Joanna visited Assembly and gave them our requirements and request in a closed session.  She also informed them of most of our assets and a short list of our plans.  Privately she informed Snowfeather about the ready reaction force that Stephen requested we set up a cadre for.  
Day 3350.  Message informing me that they were headed back.  
Day 3502.  Was busy as could be and didn't get to see them until after lunch.  Bill and I read the general contents of the envelopes and I called Doc in to look at some of the computer disk data.  Doc told us they were both carrying twins and was laughing when he left.    I didn't show him the letter from Dr. Venu.  
Day 3505.  Nimitz visited and offloaded half of it's oxygen and hydrogen gas.  The commander handed me a dispatch from Stephen marked confidential.  
Day 3547.  The only news today was that the Virginia Ann 2 when it approached the belt near Wonderland had been fired upon and damaged by a trigger happy rookie of the Belt Military Defense Force yesterday.  Susan got a broken arm but everyone else was fine.
Day 3560.  Report on the new laser demonstration at the old earth work station was impressive.  Three of the research team were designated to join my crew at J5 within the next six months.  
Day 3561.  Dr. Venu and his family arrived.  I introduced him to Doc and told Doc assist him and keep the results confidential.  
Day 3566.  Five more members of our Phoenix security team arrived with their wives from FS1. 
Day 3575.  J5 base complete.  Backup base location approved by Joanne.  Team departs tomorrow to start prep.  
Day 3576.  Bill sent me a message that Joanna had delivered twin girls late last night.  
Day 3577.  Glenda had twins, a girl and boy.  Great news!
Day 3589.  J8 location reached.  Initial survey from Sol side indicates better cover than J5 location.  From star side the gap is 50% larger than J5.  
Day 3591.  Started 1st balloon module at J8 [habitat 1].  
Day 3600.  Dr. Venu gave his preliminary report to Glenda, Joanna, Bill and me on nanobots.  
Day 3611.  Received construction plans on how to build the new radiation proof hulls.
Day 3644.  Had to modify equipment, but have first new hull built finally.  
Day 3645.  Third balloon habitat modification to a manufacturing station complete.  The girls named it Mike.  Only one dissenter and he claimed that no government should be completely unanimous.  His dissenting was to keep the girls honest.  Travel time to its location outside the belt is the only problem.  Some work on barrel station and 2 new ships started.  I keep getting the impression that there are more workers there than I assigned.  Will have to check on that.   
Day 3646.  Taking Angel II to rendezvous with Virginia Ann II on back side of belt on 3428.  
Day 3347.  My crew chief indicated after initial inspection that all repairs and modifications would be complete in about three weeks.
Day 3665.  Stephen made a visit to J8.  Discussed some contingency plans and requested we do a couple of things for him.  We agreed.  
Day 3702.  We got word that an invasion fleet was on it's way from earth.    
Day 3704.  1st habitat ball completed at J8, named Star. 
Day 3706.  4 mining ships arrived with sealed orders from Stephen.  They were hand picked to become part of the project he'd outlined to me earlier.  Two of the wives are pregnant.  Glenda immediately took charge of them.  
Day 3715.  Three mining ships stopped by and dumped 3 couples at the station.  I recognized two of the guys and 3 of the wives.  They claimed publicly to all that they wanted to be farmers. After the meeting in the main room they told me that they felt great remorse about Jacinda, but she decided that she was needed on earth to keep certain things under control.  Two of her firms had control of parts for the UN space force.  Then they told me that mother had given them the choice of transferring their blood oath to me or Star, and they picked me.  There were many others that had transferred their blood oaths to Star, Joshua, and Joanna.  Before they left earth Jacinda told them they were not to discuss who their blood oaths were to because their secondary oaths were to all the children.  
Day 4932.  500 meter station finished.  Rockets fueled and ion drive operational.  Interior has 300 family units plus two farm areas, and 3 lakes.  Star and Glenda decided that it will be named  Joshua's Farm.  
Day 4940.  Stopped by Joshua's Farm unannounced.  Crops were started, but I noticed there were several modifications.  I saw drill teams and weapons training going on.  Several of the housing units were being modified to be used for urban combat training.  I managed to evade detection for almost 2 hours until they ambushed and captured me.  I was marched in to a room with a small blond that didn't look a day over 16.  She looked me over and then informed me, that if I was Joshua's brother, I needed some training.  She told one of my captors to call off the exercise because they had the wrong prisoner and call in Joshua and his team.  Then she introduced herself as Janet Goodwin Warren, Joshua's wife.  She then proceeded to tell me that a dozen of Janet's people and their spouses were now residents of the farm and their presence wasn't to be discussed.  Joshua came in with an old bull that I'd met at Tim's long ago, Bob Quincy.  He stopped and then announced, no wonder we had it so easy evading the search teams.  An amateur distraction.
Joshua gave me a hug and told me he was working for Stephen under secret orders.  The militia needed a permanent base and had to be trained in secret.  More members would be arriving unannounced.  I should have gotten the new orders be now.  
Suddenly it dawned on me why extra supplies and workers kept showing up during the construction.  I then asked Joshua, who has been reporting to him?  
He answered, I don't know but he and Doug know just about everything that happens in the belt.  Not much gets past their teams.  
Day 4950.  Called my construction crew together and told the boys that I thought they did a good job on Joshua's Farm.  After asking them if they learned anything and listening for about half an hour I interrupted them and commented, “So how fast can you build a duplicate?  The belt needs someplace to put expected population growth in the next couple of years.  I'd let you build the big one, but we shouldn't put all our eggs in one basket.”  
That shut them up, and they just starred at me.  Three to four years was their answer.  
I then told them to get started, but make sure it can be moved under it's own power ASAP.  
One of them commented that I'd pay for it as they left the room.
Glenda walked in and looked at me and commented that I must have stolen someone's Christmas presents from the comments she'd heard in the corridor.  I then told her to take a tour of Joshua's Farm and talk to Joshua's wife Janet.  One thing she was to discuss was how to keep the activities secret and where to house all the women that seemed to be coming up pregnant.  Then she simply commented, you're trying to get rid of me, aren't you, just because I'm pregnant again.  Well that stopped me, and then I told her we'd both go over to the farm that evening.  
Day 4951.  I introduced Glenda to Janet and then they told me to go find something to do till dinner time.  I'd no sooner gotten a cup of coffee in the cafeteria than I saw Star and Joanna get up and leave.  Then I saw Bill and went over to talk to him.  His first comment was he needed to borrow a crewman for a few months.  
~ ~ ~
Day 5100.  Received the message including Belt Assembly Directive 1.  The strange thing about it was there was no mention of us.
Day 5147.  Received a copy of Belt Assemble Directive 3.  The classified note attached simply stated, Are you ready?  
Day 5149.  Called the construction boss of Aunties Place and informed him of the upcoming move.  I told him that the new station under construction needed to be ready to move under its own power in about a hundred days with all needed supplies for a long journey.  
His only question was, “Will we be self-sufficient or travel as a convoy?”  When I told him to plan on being self-sufficient he nodded and said they would be ready.  
I contacted Star in J8 and informed her that she was to rearrange all construction in J8 for shutdown ASAP.  Stockpile construction materials and move them to Aunties Place.  Mining priorities would need to be modified.  
Her only reply was, I have one station almost complete and another just started.  What about them?  
I told her to check all the Belt Assembly Directives and plan accordingly.  Glenda would be her point of contact with me, but the decisions were hers.  
Day 5150.  When I was handed Belt Assembly Directive 5 it had another note attached.  It simply stated that I was to quietly coordinate a backup force trained and ready and report in person to Rita Fredericks, Frederick P Cole and Doug R.  It was simply signed Stephen.  
Day 5153.  Communications brought me a message they received over the general band, which meant that Wonderland also got it.  
Day 5157.  The note attached to Belt Assembly Directive 7 informed me that only paragraphs 6 and 7 applied to J5 and J8 locations.  Also received on the private channel another report from Star. 
Day 5240.  J8 final update.  Awaiting orders to move & location.  
Day 5241.  I sent Star orders to move all equipment and personnel to Jupiter side of belt and prepare to parallel main belt convoy trajectory.  I then sent an update to the Fleet Admiral on J5 & J8 status.  
Day 5244.  Received orders to have two habitats from J8 with minimum crews join main belt convoy.  Small farm from J5 was to accompany them.  
Day 5245.  First stations in main belt area started moving to evacuation points outside the belt.  Fleet Admiral Brandon simply informed us to contact Wanda Hyang over on Atlantis for all orbital data and set our course parallel.  Hopefully our reaction force would not be needed or called on.  Unfortunately we won't be ready to move out for another 20 days.  
Day 5250.  All mining rockets on last trip for metals and ice.  
Day 5259.  All mining rockets back and materials being secured. 
Day 5266.  Last rockets secured to Ion drive stations.  Liz and Suzanne mated to Mike's workstation and Alice habitat.  
Day 5267, first shift.  Everything moving.  These Ion rockets don't seem to have much power, but they can give constant acceleration until the turnover point.  Glenda's navigator claims that we'll catch up with the main convoy in less than a year and then have to decelerate if we're going to remain with them.  
Day 5704.  Received word that Virginia Ann II rendezvoused with our fast convoy headed for Saturn.  Got a decision to make, leave them there or have them come back to our convoy, or use them as a shuttle ship between convoys.  VA2 is one of the 2 generation family ships because I had her ion drive replaced.  
Day 6488.  Christened the barrel as Aunties Place.  Everyone is calling wanting to transfer over to get some open sky and gravity.  The chief engineer claimed that the crew could use the company, however everyone visits were limited to 30 days and everyone would work on the farms.  When that information was put out everyone still volunteered.  
Day 6489.  I ordered all pregnant women transferred to Aunties Place, even the ones on Joshua's Farm.  Their husbands were given priority visits.  
Instructed the navigational crew to compute intercept course for Joshua's Farm to main convoy at zero relative speed.  Reaction force is to remain on J's Farm.  
Day 6512.  Joshua's Farm changed course today.  All pregnant women and children remained with us on Aunties Place.  69 men and 34 women went as reaction force plus crew of 10.  
Day 7327.  Joshua's Farm reported intercept with main convoy.
Day 7372.  J5 convoy arrives Saturn orbit L4 and we're set.  
Day 7373.  Assembly sent message requesting we relocate to Saturn system.  I left this afternoon on one of the long range rockets to visit the Assembly with Glenda.  
Day 7376.  Arrived main FS1 in the Saturn system.  Assembly says they can't meet with us until tomorrow.  While on FS1 we heard rumors of some dozen or so members of the Belt Military Defense Force that  were dishonorably discharged for various reasons and blackballed from any technical position. 
Headed over to Joshua's Farm.  Janet Goodwin Warren was still in charge and when she greeted us.  She informed us that there were a few more occupants than they had upon departure.  All of them were working their butts off as farmers for the news, but they were now part of the militia.  Their little web service made working on the farm look like slave labor.  It was the best idea that they could come up with to discourage immigration request to the farm.    
Someone had set up another news service on the way and they had come over and interviewed some of the men that had been discharged.  She allowed it.  She laughingly told us about the one room quarters that she showed the newscaster.  It must be working because they'd already gotten complaints through official channels about the treatment of some of the workers.  Her and Joshua's official reply was that this was a privately owned station and she'd treat the bums shipped over the way she wanted to.  She even said she had room for convicted individuals to be used as slave labor for the duration of their sentence.  
Joshua was happy to see me and then informed us that he had a summons to appear before the Assembly tomorrow.  
Day 7377.  Glenda and I explained that our six additional stations and assorted spacecraft would cause a panic if we just showed up.  Remember there were many questions when Joshua's Farm showed up on the way.  The best solution would probably to build another barrel station here just like Joshua's Farm.  We'll furnish the engineering supervision and plans.  
Then they let the news service in and called Janet and Joshua to the visitors table.  After a few speeches about the deplorable treatment of individuals on Joshua's Farm they allowed them to speak.  Janet started off by stating that her farm required hard people to work it and she would treat them as they deserved.  If the Assembly had any more degenerates, she had plenty of cells that they could spend their sleep periods in.  The rest of the time they'd be working in the farm areas to pay for their air and food.  If they didn't like the way she treated her family, they could have them back and she'd move her farm somewhere else.  
Assembly president Rita Fredericks then announced that she could order the Military Defense Force confiscate the station.  I looked over at the Fleet Admiral and he just smiled and winked.  Rita then gave a scathing speech about the fact that we'd left earth for freedom and the rights of individuals.  
When she finished Janet just stood up and soothingly announced that she was giving each individual on Joshua's Farm the individual rights that they earned and deserved.  Any time that anyone wanted to leave her family, she'd transfer them to FS1 and hand them over to the Assembly.  Prisoners would be handed over to the military to complete their sentences.  Hers was a privately owned station and she would determine who lived there.  If they didn't like it she'd sell the farm to them for the right price.  After all she could always move in with her brother's wife.  Then she grabbed Joshua's arm and said, “We're leaving.”
Stephen held the door open for her as she approached and I heard him tell her two doors down on the right.  
After they left Rita implored Glenda to go talk some sense into her sister in law.  Glenda turned to me and said, your brothers wife needs a good talking to, go stop her until I get done here.  When I opened the door down the hall they were sitting there laughing and drinking tea.  
I told them that they were going to get me in hot water if they weren't nice and then they really broke up and told me that Rita would be in later.  
About half an hour later Rita and Glenda came in through another door and asked if we were having fun yet.  A moment later the Fleet Admiral enter from the corridor and locked the door behind him.  Looking at Janet he said “well done.”  Now we can start the plan that I outlined to Alexis just before the move.  One out of every three military ships built will be transferred to the militia and Joshua you will sell the farm to the assembly.  We'll renovate and rename it.  Your long range ships will pick up supplies from us to complete several more stations like the farm.  The Saturn Military Defense Force will take possession of the station in 180 days.  Now all you and Rita have to iron out is the price.  
Rita then commented that the price would be 600 cargo ships of metal and 100 warships.  If that was satisfactory then next week we'll announce the sale and let the dust settle.  
Glenda then piped up and told Rita that we also need more variety of seeds and soil organisms.  Rita simply said that the next Assembly would have to plan that, but it probably wouldn't be safe to send an expedition back to earth for at least 5 to 10 years.  
We all shook hands and left through the corridor door.  As Janet left I noticed her expression change from happy to fury.  Then as the news media mobbed us I realized why.  Joshua and I manhandled some of them to get the girls through.  Not ten paces down the hall a few soldiers in full uniform surrounded us and escorted us off the station.  
Watching the broadcast that evening on the farm we were amazed that we looked like a bunch of criminals and the comments weren't much better.  
Day 7378.  Radioed my boys and informed them that we needed 2 more stations build to the specification of Aunties Place.  They could monitor the newscast in two days and then they would know why.  I expected the keel to be laid for the first one before I returned.  
Day 7380.  The Assembly announced that Joshua's Farm station would be purchased by the Assembly and a price had been agreed upon. It would be under the jurisdiction of the SMDF.  The Argillaceous family would have 170 days to vacate.  In 30 days volunteers would start being screened for training to move over to the farm as farmers.  Plots of land would be up for sale.  
Day 7428.  New assembly elected.  
Day 7430.  Rita lost and Snowfeather Ironstone elected as head of assembly.  Got a message from her that she'd been completely briefed and she'd visit soon.  
Day 7450.  Ship from Assembly arrived.  Snowfeather & Rita were the two VIP's aboard.  The first question Snowfeather asked was did I need any more personnel.  
I replied no, just more building supplies.  
After a complete tour she replied Stephen & Rita were right to keep you and your crew separate from the main group around Saturn.  A few of the new Assembly members questioned allowing you to remain here, but I told them that we needed to keep 2 separate sites because if anything that happened to one, the other could rescue them and humanity would not cease to exist.  
# # #
~ (ToC) ~


About the Author
I've loved westerns and science fiction since I picked up my first book at the public library. 
I've been writing on my computer for years for my pleasure. I never planned on any of my stories being published, just to be read by myself, family, and maybe a friends. The base journal is on forty spreadsheets with links to about a thousand files of short one day paragraphs plus other stories. 
I sincerely hope that you enjoy reading these stories!  
~ ~ ~


Discover other titles by this author
Grandpas Hot Sauce
Pacific 41
Scout Expedition
Az   (code to get a free copy)->  ML39J
The Impossible Ambition
The Plan and other short stories
Just My Opinion on Syria
From Texas to New York
The Alien Spacecraft
The Asteroid Belt
* * * * *


Connect with Stephen Brandon
Visit my Smashwords website: Saturn2020 
My other website: Saturn Stories 
Write me a note:   criticisms or accolades
~ (ToC) ~
