 Behind The Mask
　　
　　Copyright 2020 Opeyemi Ojomu 
　　Published by Opeyemi Ojomu at Smashwords
　　
　　
　　
Smashwords Edition License Notes
　　This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favourite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Dedication
To all wives, husbands, and children who suffer from any form of physical or emotional abuse.
Never could we have seen,
Though we claim to have eyes;
A mask as real as skin,
We are naught but blind!

To look beyond the apparent,
None is equal to the task.
But lies the evil of man,
Behind the mask.
Table of Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
About the Author
Connect with Author
Acknowledgements
I give profound gratitude to almighty God, who injected me with the heavy dose of inspiration that led me to write this book. He initiated the idea but gave it to me. He wrote each chapter but sent the muse to transmit them to my subconscious. While He is the original maker of this piece, I humbly admit to being its mortal author. Thank you, Lord!
Unlimited appreciation goes to my parents for their endless supports and encouragement. Also, to my invaluable siblings, Maureen, Aramide, Bukky, Jide, and Oyin, I say a big thank you for always being there. Let me also acknowledge Mrs. Adejoke Sanusi for her unwavering support.
According to Abubakar Gimba in his book, ‘Sunset for a Mandarin,’ he wrote: “blood is thicker than water, but they are both essential to life.” I completely agree with that, and honestly, there are lots of personalities whom I must not hesitate to acknowledge.
These are the likes of Mrs. Toks Johnson and the entire staff of Liham Preparatory School (1988-1995), who laid my foundation. I am also grateful to my English teachers at F.G.G.C New-Bussa, (Mr. O.I. Gwadia and Mrs. J.B. Kolo), and all other staff/students who contributed to my being. Please permit me to specially acknowledge SSS3C girls (2001 set) for their constant show of support and encouragement towards my writing skills. 
To my greatest fan, Okechukwu Isaac Uduma, I can’t thank you enough. I am sorry I had to do this behind you.
To my exceptional friends, Rotimi Akinbiyi, Modupe Komolafe, Seun Fajemirokun, Adekunle Dada, Olaseinde Stowe, and Christopher Onyedekegha, among others, who in one way or the other made me believe in myself, I say a resounding ‘Thank You!’
I must not forget to give gratitude to Olanrewaju Monsur Sarafa and Shukurat Motunola Kasumu. Without their encouragement, this book may never have been published.
And to those who could have helped but wanted something immaterial in return, shame on them!
Chapter One
No light comes from the horizon; no shiny stars above. The world seems lifeless, like the aftermath of a nuclear war. Every creature seems to have perished except the frogs whose croaks penetrate the deep silence. I keep moving with just my rechargeable lamp in my right hand. The quiet in the environment doesn’t scare me, but what will make me piss down my pants is if my lamp goes off; it will throw me in utmost darkness since that is the only light that illuminates the land. The light gets dimmer as I move on, and I keep having the feeling it would go off whenever it blinks.
I pass through thick bushes without even pausing to imagine I could be stepping on a snake. I have a phobia for reptiles generally, but staying behind is a quicker death for me. Just before a mango tree, I feel sharp thorns pierce mercilessly into my skin, and I shiver both in cold and fear. It is now I realize it’s been drizzling. My clothes are slightly soaked, and streams of water trickle down my forehead. I’ve been deeply engrossed in my thoughts, causing me to be partially oblivious to the environment.
The steps come closer and closer, slow but steady. Scream? Is that the best thing to do? I think silently in my heart. The logical purpose of screaming is to attract attention so people can come to one’s rescue, but in this case, it makes no sense since the ‘animal’ and I seem to be the only existing souls in the land; the frogs are helpless anyway.
My heart beats faster as the footsteps come closer; the best thing is to run! At first, I think of looking back to see what it is, but I am too terrified to do so. Deep inside me, I feel like screaming. Now the illogical reason for screaming becomes clear to me. It is to let out the tension bottled up within. As I’m about to raise my left leg in an attempt to run, fate does its worst. My shirt gets hooked on a thorn, causing me to leap backwards, and the lamp goes off! I fall flat on the floor. Closing my eyes so tight, I cover both ears with both hands and begin to scream as loud as I can.
The gentle tap on my shoulder makes me stop, and I turn because it feels like a human palm. I see a masculine figure before me and not a lion after all. He holds a paraffin lamp that gives a rather dim glow. For a few seconds, I am speechless. I run my fingers across my lamp, gently caressing it. My fingers go towards the switch, and guess what? The light comes on. I must have switched it off out of panic. Now I can see clearly or at least, to a large extent.
The man looks very old, older than that word itself. He wears an old grey T-shirt with a slacked collar and a blue pair of shorts. White hair covers his entire body, which instantly reminds me of my white pair of socks; I soaked it in bleach when I got back from school but forgot to wash it. He has long beards carefully shaped into an ‘L.’ He wears a dirty white pair of Dunlop slippers that have been made so flat due to overuse. His feet are dry and very white. I wish I could see a picture of him when he was young; every area of his face is wrinkled, and one eye seems to be blind. Something is amiss, and it takes me a few seconds to figure it out. My God! He has no nose. The main problem is that there is no scar to indicate he once had a nose; it appears natural. I wonder how he inhales and exhales air. I lower my gaze a little; he has no left arm. Well, that seems a bit understandable; he might have gotten it amputated for medical reasons. I look at him thoroughly now, and it seems I’m staring at a phantom in the dark. Even the shape of his head defies description. This figure before me is certainly no specimen of humanity!
“My son, what do you seek so late in the night?” he asks slowly with curiosity, and his voice quivers as he speaks. A cold shiver runs down my spine, and my fear gradually diffuses into deep sympathy towards him. From his voice, he sounds like one who has been cut by the sharp edges of life. From it, I can read weakness and pains. He sounds like one who has been treated unjustly in life, one who has been cheated and victimized. I am now compassionate towards this strange man, and for the first time, I feel relaxed and comfortable. This figure in front of me is undoubtedly harmless.
My motive of wandering into the night flashes back in a second. I sneaked out of my house through the back door at about 10.30 pm, having assured myself that my mother would have been deeply asleep. Though a few of my peers sneak out to clubs or parties at night, I am not that kind of boy; my mission is entirely different. I am out to set free my family from the satanic chains of life. I am far from being a miracle worker, so I intend to do this physically. To break this ‘Satanic chains’ as I’ve termed it, I have to remove the silver bracelet my father wears around his left wrist! He died barely three days ago and was buried with it by his relatives, who insisted it must be so. Efforts made by my mother to convince them that the bracelet is evil proved abortive. Here I am, taking a short cut to his grave. I have no shovel, but I hope to find one hanging carelessly around. I shall dig six feet, open his coffin, and destroy the bracelet if I can. I must take it off his wrist, at least. All I need is courage. The tragedy is:
“There Can Be No Progress In Any Aspect of Our Lives, So Long As He Wears the Bracelet…”
Chapter Two
Although he was unlearned, my father was a very wealthy man. He spent most of his early life in Ibadan, farming with his father. There came a time when his mother in Lagos was very ill, and being her only surviving child, he had to travel to Lagos to attend to her. As fate would have it, two days after his departure, his father, whom he had left in good health, died instantly after being stung by a scorpion on his farm. His mother, for whom he immediately sought medical attention, responded to treatment and recovered in less than three weeks. Father settled in Lagos and just a few months later, he won the grand prize of a lottery. He invested the money in real estate while he still continued his farming business, until he started sweating out money itself.
I have never stopped wondering why Mother, a well-read chartered accountant, condescended to marry such an ugly illiterate as Father. Regardless, she adores my younger sister, Kofo, and me, beyond words can tell. She belongs to the school of thought that opines that a man’s sins should not be visited upon his children. No wonder they say the greatest love in life is between a mother and her children.
Trouble stormed in ten years after their marriage; Kofo was about eight years old, and I was ten. Father occasionally had cases of falling into the hands of fraudsters, but this time around, it was a significant value. He was duped of over Seven Million Naira worth of goods, and do you know one funny thing in life? When one thing goes wrong, every other seems to go wrong with it; it’s magnetic! Barely two weeks later, his twelve acres of land in Ikorodu was claimed by the government with insignificant compensation. Many other things went wrong, and one cloudy morning, he woke up to realize that all he ever worked for in his life had declined to the cash amount of Five Hundred and Twenty Five Naira he had in his pocket, and the house we lived. It was a standard four-bedroom apartment he purchased in an estate. As they say, “The way ‘up’ is down,” the way down is up too! Mother, who was working for a commercial bank at that time, became saddled with the responsibility of catering for the family needs.
We forged on like that for three years, and Father would always display strange attitudes. There was an instance when Mother needed to be away on an official trip for a week. Caring as she was, she prepared dishes that would last us for a week; I mean Father, Kofo, and me. She preserved them in the refrigerator, so all we had to do was to microwave the food whenever we were ready to eat. She left after lunch on a Sunday. Father bought bread and fried us eggs for dinner, so we didn’t need to eat from the preserved food. The next day, he insisted we had bread again for breakfast. I asked him why, but he gave no satisfactory answer. Mother had a unique recipe for cooking spaghetti, and I was already imagining starting my day with its delicious taste. 
Well, I can still have it for lunch, I consoled myself. I had to obey Father, even though I got irritated by his queer attitude some times. Unlike dinner, we ate the bread with butter and washed it down, each with a cup of Lipton. It seemed to go well with Kofo, who ate hers with greed.
School usually closed at three except for those in JSS classes who closed an hour earlier. Kofo was in the latter category, so she always had to wait for me. Most children enjoyed the privilege of being brought to school in their parent’s car, but we used to trek home. Our house wasn’t too far from school, anyway. We got home a few minutes past three, and I wasn’t just tired but also very hungry. Kofo looked tired too. We only had our usual snacks and drinks at break time. Father was out to carry blocks to building sites, a daily activity for which he received a small stipend. Feeling like a grown teenager that had responsibilities placed on him, I reheated a bowl of spaghetti and served in our plates. Kofo would have started eating if I hadn’t yelled at her to go pull off her school uniform before eating. I sometimes wonder if she’s mature enough to be in secondary school because you still have to spoon-feed everything to her. If anyone had told me I wouldn’t taste that spaghetti, I would have called their bluff.
Shortly after I had set the table, Father came in. Without warning, he swept the table with his arm, causing the plates of spaghetti tumble down the table. The floor of the dining room suddenly became a sorry sight of slimy spaghetti and broken pieces of ceramic.
“Father, why?” was all I could gather strength to mutter.
Kofo, who had just pulled off her uniform and was hopping to the dining table, just stood transfixed. As if that wasn’t enough, he brought out the other bowls of spaghetti, fried rice, moi-moi, okra soup, and stew in the refrigerator. Without mercy, he threw them all frozen into the refuse bin outside the house. This is a terrible nightmare, and I must wake up now, I thought.
A loud cry from Kofo attracted the attention of our next-door neighbour, who came to check what the matter was. Mrs. Jimoh asked me what happened when she saw the disorder in the house. My response left her puzzled. She tried to speak with Father, but he ignored her and went into his room. Mrs. Jimoh left and promised to send us some food as soon as she can.
After she left, Father brought out a bowl of beans and began to microwave it. I rushed to check if there was something else he left because I hated beans; it gave me an upset stomach. There was only a bowl of vegetable soup left!
Mother specially prepared the beans and vegetable soup for him because eating either of them purged Kofo and me. Father had disposed of the okra soup meant for us. Moulded food with vegetable soup, beans, and bread were his main dishes. He hated rice, got irritated by okra, and called spaghetti worms! From there, I could see that his act was sheer wickedness. He threw away all the food we loved to eat but left his favourites. What kind of a father would you call that? Why didn’t he throw away the beans and vegetable soup and leave the rice, the spaghetti, and our beloved okra soup?
“Will you manage to eat beans, or should I buy bread for you?” he asked unapologetically.
“We want nothing from you,” I blurted out in anger. “Mother made provision for us all before she left, and you went ahead to trash all our dishes.”
He only gave me a long stare and shook his head.
A few minutes later, Mrs. Jimoh sent a bowl of porridge to us. I woke Kofo, who had cried herself to sleep, and we ate the food quietly.
For the rest of that week, Father fed us with bread, pap, and noodles. Mrs. Jimoh made it a point of duty to send us a meal at least once a day.
Mother came back the next Sunday with one of her colleagues. They both shrieked with fear when they saw Kofo, who opened the door for them. They screamed even louder when they saw me.
“What happened to all the food I prepared?” Mother queried with a burning urge for an answer as she rushed towards the refrigerator.
I had never seen her so furious. That was Mother. She knew how she left us and how healthy she expected us to appear if we had fed on her delicacies. She said she was shocked to see us looking so pale and malnourished.
Before I could respond, Kofo gave her a quick answer; “Father wickedly poured them all away.”
Her colleague left a few minutes later so she could attend to us. In no time, she prepared the delicious spaghetti we had so much craved, which we munched as if we hadn’t eaten in years. Father had been sleeping since she arrived. Shortly after we finished eating, he came out to the living room.
“Alabi, even if you don’t love me, these are your kids for God’s sake. Why did you trash the food I left for them? Why?” Mother’s voice raged with anger, and tears welled up in her eyes.
His face was expressionless, and singing a song in his native language, he walked out of the house.
Chapter Three
I look at this old man again and rest assured he’s someone with whom I can share my burden. It suddenly dawns on me that other things lie beyond a man’s looks.
“It’s a wicked world, son, a real wicked world,” he says philosophically after listening to my story, and I smile faintly with a nod.
Though I only summarized it in about four sentences, he seems to understand absolutely.
His lamp light gets dimmer with time; perhaps, its fuel is almost finished. Mine goes off with a blink, but this time around, I’m sure the battery is dead.
“Baba, what do you seek so late in the night?” I ask him too in his own words, in an attempt to sound witty. 
After a long pause, which gives me the shivers, he replies dolefully.
“Son,” his voice trembles as he speaks.
“My farm is scattered. I really should be resting at this time, but my soul can not find peace. I have decided to stand up to put things in their place. See those seedlings in my nursery; they curse the sun when it shines upon them. They say it has come to steal the moisture in the soil that makes them grow; they say it has come to dry up their leaves. But when the clouds open and rain pours upon them, they delight themselves. They praise the rain; they say it has come to make them grow so they one day shall be transplanted into the field and be regarded as plants, not seedlings. Little do they know of its plans. The rain, upon them, shall one day fall; a massive storm shall precede it. It shall fall to destroy, to destroy the seedlings whom it deluded into thinking that its intentions are pure so they can always welcome it. It shall…”
He stops abruptly and looks at me.
“Go home, son. It’s almost dawn. Your mother will be worried if she gets to your room and finds out you’re missing. Tell no adult of your encounter with a strange man in the bush, for I do not want my presence yet to be known.”
As I turn back to go, I realize that I have to walk all alone in the dark since my lamp has gone off. As I think of this, the fluorescents in my lamp come on with a bright light. The vicinity suddenly becomes illuminated, and I turn back to see this strange man who still stands, staring at me from behind. I look closer at him, and I see him clearer than I ever did. The initial fear returns to me swiftly. I can’t believe I spoke and listened to this peculiar creature with ease. Screaming as loud as I can, I drop the lamp with its mysterious glow and take to my heels. It’s dark, and I’m so afraid. I hope I don’t get lost in the bush. Now I see that dropping my lamp is a foolish act. I turn back to get it, and as I walk, my legs ache. I tread on slowly till I see the reflection of the lamp. I think I’m almost there, but I still walk a little longer before I get there. I look around me; the old man is gone. Now holding my lamp, I move on. I get to the main road, and I breathe a heavy sigh of relief.
Not until now did I remember I kept the house key in my back pocket. I hurriedly check to confirm I still have it; I do. I get to my street, and without warning, the lamp goes off. I am not scared this time, since I’m on a road illuminated by street lights. Asides that, I’m only a few steps away from home. I get home and go through the back door. As quietly as I can, I open the door, enter, and lock it carefully. Thanks to a cock that crowed so loud that it managed to conceal the inevitable click sound of the metallic door. I stand by the door for a while to be sure I haven’t woken either Mother or Kofo before proceeding gently to my room. I pray my legs don’t hit any object; the lights are out. I get to my room, and with relief, I jump on my bed.
To my amazement, I feel a strange human lying on it. Immediately, I stand up to switch on the light, and I see a huge woman covered in a black duvet, sleeping and snoring loudly. I heard that snore as I came in, but I thought it came from outside the house. It took a lot for me to resist the urge to scream. I look at the bedsheet, the curtains, the rug, and even the wall paint; they all look different. I go gently to the corridor and switch on the light. Now, the entire picture becomes clear to me; I am in the wrong house!!! I hear an alarm go off, and I know I have to hurry before the woman wakes up. I switch off the light and take my lamp from where I dropped it behind the door. I open the back door quietly, but I keep struggling to pull out the key. The sound of the alarm causes my heartbeat to increase. After much effort, I pull it out, and I begin to hear footsteps advance towards me. I quickly slam the door behind me with a loud bang and flee as fast as I can. I get to the junction and take a halting step. It’s a T-junction, and now I see where I erred. Thanks to the flashlight of a Peugeot that passed. Instead of walking up the estate, I had gone down. What was I thinking? But how come the key to my house opened the huge woman’s door? Can wonders ever cease?
I get home at last and succeed in making a quiet entrance. I go to my room and follow a different sequence by switching on the light first before jumping on my bed. It is a moment of relish seeing my roughly laid bed and other things in their places. I look at the time: half-past five! I wonder how long I have to sleep before Mother comes in to wake me up for school. I close my eyes to sleep, and all I dream of is the old man saying he is going to pre-empt the rain!
After seeming like I’ve slept for days, I wake to see the sun already reflecting on my standing mirror. It is a few minutes past ten. Kofo comes in, and it seems she just woke up too. It’s now I remember the NLC warning strike commences today; labour strike. She announces to me that breakfast is ready. Mother is in the bathroom doing some laundry. As I dine on the table with Kofo, my mind wanders. I can’t help thinking about my adventurous encounter. It suddenly dawns on me that my sneaking out last night fetched nothing. The old man stopped me from proceeding to Father’s grave. I still struggle to comprehend all the things he spoke about; they seem to have deep meanings inherent. The more I think of the rain, the sun, and their effects on the seedlings in the nursery, the more confused I get.
A heavy tap on my hand brings me back to life. It is Kofo.
“Are you okay?” She asks with wide eyes.
I never believed I could be engrossed so much in my thoughts. She tells me I have a call from my classmate. I didn’t even hear the phone ring, let alone see Kofo, who was on the chair opposite mine, leave for the sitting room to answer it. I get to the phone, but it has timed out. As I’m about to leave, it rings again, and I answer.
“Bolaji, have you signed for Physics on your clearance form?” Charles enquires with impatience in his voice. “Remember the teacher gave a deadline of today, for those of us who haven’t. She said she is travelling on Thursday, and that is tomorrow.”
“Go sign yours if you can,” I blurt out in annoyance, thinking he had something better to say. I wonder why people can’s stop being unreasonable. Does he want to defy the curfew and go to school? Let him risk his life for Physics!
I go back to eat, and the urge to share my encounter heightens. At least, Kofo isn’t an adult. I can tell her if she promises to keep it as a secret. In no less than ten minutes, I summarize the whole episode to her. I start from my sneaking out with the pure intention of saving the family by taking the bracelet off Father’s wrist, to my encounter with the old man. I tell her all he said without leaving out his physical appearance. I even go as far as telling her about the mysterious glow on my lamp, and how I entered the wrong house. My heart feels lighter now, and Kofo stares at me in amazement.
To my utmost disappointment, she screams at the top of her voice, “Mummy, come and listen to this.”
I plead with her to be quiet, but she wouldn’t listen, and before I know it, Mother is trembling by our side. A mass of bubbles from soapy water covers her hands.
“What’s the matter?” she asks with curiosity, and Kofo narrates all I told her in a hurry as if vomiting a steaming hot food burning her tongue.
“Bolaji!!!” Mother yells. “Is that true?” She queries in a low tone that makes it hard for me to deny.
“Yes, Mother,” I respond solemnly. “It was a terrible nightmare!”
Stunned at my response, Kofo gives me a quizzical look. I return a blank stare, which makes her speechless.
Mother shifts her gaze from Kofo to me; she drew in a shaky breath and let it out. “Make sure you always pray before you sleep. Is that okay?”
I nod in agreement. She sighs again then returns to the bathroom to resume her washing. Now, it is Kofo looking solemn, and she steals a glance at me. I have a self-satisfied smirk on my face; I am proud I outsmarted her. Her facial expression is an unusual blend of regret and confusion. Regret that she betrayed my trust and confused about whether it was a real occurrence or nightmare. She continues eating her meal slowly. For the first time this morning, I burst into laughter, and she looks at me with moist eyes. I take my food to the sitting room and switch on the TV, leaving her alone on the dining table. I can bet she’s going to cry.
“I must accomplish my mission tonight,” I say to myself after dinner.
I mustn’t let the strange man, with his woeful tale, stop me from saving my own family. I make up my mind that if I see him on my way again, I will only greet him and pass by. If  he tries to start a conversation, I will tell him I have a mission ahead. To make me look more determined, I secretly take a shovel from Mrs. Jimoh’s garden, and I hide it under my bed. I’ll return it as soon as I finish with it. When he sees it with me, he will know I mean business. Mother retires to bed earlier than usual, and Kofo goes in with her. Since Father died, Kofo has been sleeping with her in the room she and Father used to share; I sleep alone in ours.
At 10.30 pm, I conveniently take my shovel and fully recharged lamp. I sneak out through the back door and bolt it as I did last night. Outside the house from afar, I see a friend of Mother, and I hide my face. She is walking with the arm of a man in robes around her waist. It’s a pity situation won’t permit me to tell this to Mother because she’ll wonder why I was outside very late. Human beings and infidelity. Her husband only travelled yesterday!
Chapter Four
On many other occasions, asides making us not eat the food Mother stored for us whenever she travelled, Father did other strange things. It got to a point he stopped eating at home. He went out every day and came home in the late hours of the day, always singing adage-like songs. We began to see him as an eccentric illiterate and never stopped wondering why Mother married beneath her. We once saw a movie where a retired village headmaster charmed a princess into marrying him. While we were in bed that night, Kofo whispered to me that she was sure Father did the same to Mother. Mother single-handedly catered for our entire welfare with the unwavering support of her colleague turned friend. The greatest thing about her is that she never wanted us to dislike Father. She would always tell us it’s obligatory upon us to love and respect him no matter what he did since he was our father, but love is earned, not forcefully demanded. Loving a father who doesn’t seem to care, who doesn’t own up to his responsibilities, and respects himself is not possible.
Another time was when Mother, being the only child, had to travel for about a month to take care of her ailing mother. For the last incident not to repeat itself, she decided not to cook. Instead, she made arrangements with Mrs. Jimoh to give us daily feeding allowance so we could always buy food from the canteen down the street.
Surprisingly, Father appeared barely an hour after she had left. He said we were going on a vacation and won’t return until Mother did. We bluntly refused. An old Ford pulled up in front of the house. The driver who we later got to know was his friend, came out and asked what the matter was. He spoke in his local dialect. Father told him we’ve refused to yield to his words, and without warning, he grabbed and dragged us into his car. We sat behind, and Father sat on the passenger seat as he drove. It seemed like we were on our way to a kidnapper’s den.
We finally got to a dingy apartment that happened to be his friend’s house, whom he later introduced to us as Baba Onile. All through our stay there, we did not go to school. We fed on pap for breakfast, garri, and coconut for lunch, and amala for dinner. The best food we ever had was bread and akara, which was dinner on the first day we got there. We didn’t take any clothes along, so we were made to wash the clothes we wore every other evening and slept with wrappers given to us by Baba Onile. We never saw his wife, but he had two daughters, with whom he went out every day. Having stayed for over a week, he came to announce that Mother was back, and we would be leaving for home later that day. We were delighted because we were not expecting her so soon.
We got home to find Mother weeping. Her colleague and Mrs. Jimoh were also in the house. Mother screamed as she did the other day when she saw us. When she finally found her voice, she asked where we had been and why we looked so unkempt. As I was narrating our unplanned trip to her, Father came in.
“Alabi, can you explain why you did this? Why all these strange acts Alabi, why?” she demanded, and tears rose to her eyes.
“You won’t succeed. You shall never succeed,” Father replied in a low measured tone that seemed calculated to frighten Mother.
“These are your kids,” she cried.
“They are the ones you are inflicting pains upon directly, which cuts deep into me too because of the deep mother-child bond we share. When they suffer, it hurts me deeply. Look for other means to punish me, Alabi.”
She began to weep uncontrollably, and Mrs. Jimoh comforted her.
Her tears didn’t seem to move Father in the least way. Instead, he pointed his index finger to her and said very slowly, “As long as I live and even after my death, you will never succeed.” With those words, he entered his room.
Those words made cold shivers creep down my spine. Mother’s colleague and Mrs. Jimoh left shortly after; they both advised her to be very prayerful. We moved close to her, and she hugged us in her arms.
“You shall succeed, Mother. It is Father who shall fail.”
That was Kofo; she always had something to say.
“None of us shall fail. That’s a bad thing to wish for your father. Just pray God restores peace in our home,” Mother cautions, wiping her tears.
She then proceeded to the kitchen to make us some food.
“Bolaji, let us go get the money Mother gave to Mrs. Jimoh for our feeding. It is ours, isn’t it?” Kofo looked up at me, lifting one brow quizzically.
I told her we had no right to the money anymore since it didn’t serve its purpose; It will be refunded to Mother and channelled into some other use. She stamped her feet defiantly and refused to see the logic in my explanation.
Mother walked in to interrupt us with two plates of mouth-watering jollof rice, and we ate with much relish. Life had never felt so good.
Heaven knows what would have become of us if she had stayed beyond two weeks. As we later got to know, her mother recovered sooner than she expected, and her intuitions told her to return home immediately. Unfortunately, we received the sad news of her mother’s demise a few months later; she died in her sleep.
There were also times Mother finished cooking, and when she was about to serve, an accident would happen. The cooked food will pour, scalding some parts of her body. She would shriek in pains, and neighbours would have to come to her rescue. They would help her in rubbing her burnt feet with raw eggs and other ointments. She had to start wearing knee-length boots whenever she was cooking to shield her in case an accident occurred. Mother who cooked very well and could manoeuvre herself in the kitchen suddenly became like a teenager just learning kitchen safety. Even though Father had stopped eating in the house, she still served his food whenever she cooked, leaving him to decide whether or not to eat. One thing I noticed, however, was that food never poured when he wasn’t around.
An albino who sold herbs close to our house, and believed to have psychic powers, once said that the mysterious events in our house were as a result of Father’s bracelet.
“Someday, we shall get to understand the reason they happen,” she prophesied.
“I don’t know myself, but all I see is that the bracelet is mystical and strange things shall continue to happen so long as he has it worn around his wrist, dead or alive.”
Chapter Five
As I tread on, I think of going through the main road but immediately decide against it. If I go through the main road, I will run the risk of seeing known faces who, out of curiosity, may ask Mother why I’m out with a lamp and a shovel at this time. Also, the bush path is a shorter route.
We buried Father on a small portion of his brother’s land. Uncle Kole, who was his half brother, was his only sibling, and while he (Father) lived, they maintained a good relationship. Father, his bereaved mother, and Uncle Kole made up a family.
‘Mama’ as we called his mother, never liked Mother. Maybe she wasn’t happy that things turned sour for her son, and Mother rose to become the breadwinner. Mother tried all her best to satisfy her but to no avail. The last time Mama was at our place three years ago, she almost had a physical fight with Mother. Thankfully, it was one of the few days her son acted reasonably. He rushed in and confronted Mama. Mother was crying when he came. He told Mama bluntly that if her presence would keep causing conflict, it was better she left. Mama immediately packed her things and left for her house somewhere in the outskirts of Lagos. She never came around again, until the day Father died.
I get to the bush path and switch on my lamp. I walk ahead a little; I see the old man. He looks just the way he was last night holding his paraffin lamp; I wonder if he left the bush at all. 
“Son, you are here again,” he says to me, and his voice echoes in the dark.
“To get that bracelet, I shall help you. Without even digging the grave, I shall get it for you. Look at you, do you think digging a grave to get a material from the body in it is a child’s play?”
He pauses for a while as if waiting for a reply, then he continues.
“You still have that courage because you have not got there. When you get there, son, it shall fail,” he says in that trembling voice he used last night.
For a fleeting moment, I think I hear him give a sarcastic laugh.
“I shall help you,” he says more seriously now and maintains eye contact with me.
“But only if you promise to help me put things in their places, I mean arrange my scattered farm.”
I digest what the old man said and ruminate over it for some time. Now, I try to see myself dig Father’s grave, absolutely unimaginable! His burial was four days ago. Maybe it would have been easier if it were a decayed corpse. Here, we’re talking of a somewhat fresh corpse of a father believed to be sinister. What if he attacks me and pulls me down into his grave to lie in there with him? No one will be able to come to my rescue. The story will be that I mysteriously disappeared from my bed in the middle of the night. Mother, whom I bade goodnight before going to bed, never would imagine I’d later sneak into the dark. Do I even know how to use a shovel at all, let alone using it to dig a grave? This figure before me seems capable of rendering this help. I see him not just as a sage but also as a man who has powers inherent and will never use it to wrong a soul.
The problem now is his scattered farm. How can I make a promise, which I don’t know how to fulfil? My conscience won’t stop judging me if I try to play smart by promising him so he can help sort my mess; when I know full well that I would not be able to deliver. I’m afraid there might be a repercussion if I cheat a man of his calibre.
“Baba,” I find my voice at last.
He is still staring straight into my eyes, which makes me slightly uncomfortable. I lower my gaze.
“I really would have loved you to help me, but your price is too much for me to pay.”
“My son, that is the cheapest way you can pay me. It is cheaper than asking you for no price. Paying me nothing is more expensive than what I ask for,” he replies slowly in a low tone, emphasizing each word.
Never in my whole life have I learnt of a price less than nothing. I look at him after a brief silence and hear myself promise to help him if it is within my power as he intimates.
“We shouldn’t waste time, the journey begins now,” he dictates.
He puts off his lamp light that is now as dim as ever, and with mine lightening the path, I lead the way.
We haven’t gone far when it begins to drizzle. Suddenly, it starts to rain so heavily, and the striking thunder sends a cold shiver up my spine—all alone with a strange old man in the dark bush! We find shelter close to a palm tree. I guess we are on someone’s farm who must have built it for himself so he could rest under it.
The rain gets heavier, and I begin to wonder if all these are necessary, risking my life to save it! What if I die in the process of saving life itself? Well, Mother and Kofo will be safe, at least. But what if I eventually don’t get the bracelet, and I gain nothing but an enclosed space beneath the earth? I will leave behind a bereaved Mother and Kofo still tied with the chains of fate? Would not that be the height of futility? What if…
“Stop being a pessimist, my son; you shall accomplish your mission. Death won’t be so cruel as to take you in his arms now, not till you have paid my price, not even after. There are still a lot more years for you to live, those years I can perceive.”
I look at this old man for the umpteenth time. I look at him longer than I ever did. Unlike other times, I feel no ounce of fear. Instead, I feel relaxed and confident that things will work out well; it shall be a happy ending. He sounds so philosophical, and for a moment, I wish I had a father. A father that cared, a father on whose shoulder I could rest, a father with whom I could share my burdens. That is one thing I’ve missed in life, one thing I can never have again except there be another life. I begin to feel deep affection towards this sage, and I surprise myself by this act I do. I move closer to him and hug him so tight, defying his terrifying physique. Now I cry, shedding my tears on his shoulder—tears of pains, tears of relief, tears of affection. I cry aloud and feel the tension in my chest loosen. He pats my back with the only hand he has and then wipes my tears till I start to feel sleepy.
Still maintaining my position, the old man points to the palm tree behind him, which is at my front since I’m facing the opposite direction, resting my head on his shoulder. A screen covers its bark, and I see some children playing in the sand happily. I’m short-sighted, so I’m not certain of the number of children because there are some rocks or something similar around that looks like children too. I’m sure they are at least two, for I see them move. 
“Look at those children,” he orders, still pointing.
“They are no one’s priority,” he says sadly in his low emphasizing tone.
“But do you know where the tragedy lies?”
I wonder what can be more tragic than being no one’s priority.
“They think they are!” he replies more sadly before I can speak, answering his question.
I keep looking at the children with deep empathy. Suddenly, I find myself staring at the bark of the palm tree. The screen has disappeared with the children, the sand, the rocks, and all.
“I’ll leave vengeance to the Almighty, the great avenger,” says the old man.
“They stole all the yams in my barn. Before I got those yams, son, I toiled very hard; the rain and sun dealt with me. Sowing them wasn’t easy, maintaining them was difficult, and harvesting them was the hardest of all; just for them to be stashed away and be dispossessed of me by that wicked soul.”
At the mention of the function word, ‘that,’ instinct tells me he knows the person. 
“Since you know the thief, Baba, why not take it to the hands of the law?” I challenge.
“Report to the police so you can claim them fast before they get spoilt in the thief’s barn.”
The old man only taps me at the back and says, “grow up, son. When a man speaks, not all he says are in their literal sense!”
I open my eyes; it has been a dream. The coldness I feel on my cheek makes me realise I'm still crying. I turn to look at the old man.
He is crying too.
Chapter Six
In the early nineties, somewhere in Abia state, tragedy struck a once happy home. It was the family of a man named Stanley Onwubiko. Stanley was a driver in a large manufacturing company while his wife managed a small kiosk behind the house. After two daughters, his wife took in again and gave birth to a bouncing baby boy in due time.
As it was, the baby never stopped crying and always ran a high temperature. The couple went back to the hospital to complain to the doctor who examined the baby. To their utmost shock, it was HIV positive.
Following medical logic, Stanley's wife ran a test, and she turned out positive too. Surprisingly, Stanley was negative! He loved his wife so much and vowed to stand by her. Nkechi had no history of infidelity. How could she have suddenly changed, especially when in pregnancy? She might have contracted it through an infected medical apparatus at the hospital during her Cesarean Section or any other means but certainly not through infidelity. The doctor gave the couple a brief orientation. He told them it wasn’t a death sentence since medicine had advanced into the use of antiretroviral drugs, which will stop the virus from maturing into AIDS. They thanked the doctor and left the hospital with the baby, who died shortly after.
A once happy home became a sad one. The money Stanley and his wife earned was just enough to maintain the family. There were hardly any leftovers for extra expenses. Stanley still loved his dear wife and kept being faithful to her despite her HIV status. The challenge, however, was being able to afford antiretroviral drugs. Would he watch his wife in silence gradually die of AIDS? No one would want to be killed by a disease such as AIDS. Apart from the pains, the stigma attached to it is a principal concern. His daughters would be stigmatized as well as himself. It's a sad irony that to save the lives of mother and child, the doctor ruined them. He would sue the doctor if he could, but he would also need clear evidence and a substantial amount of money to do so because, in that country of his, nothing was free; even justice had to be bought!
All these gave Stanley sleepless nights, and one day, he came home drunk very late in the night. Nkechi, who had been worried, queried his whereabouts; but when she smelt the liquor, it was a bit too late. Before she could say another word, Stanley pounced on her and raped her. With optimism, believing chances were low for a man to be infected sexually, he went to the hospital a few weeks later to confirm his status. Unfortunately, it turned out he had contracted the deadly virus.
Stanley Onwubiko is an intelligent man. After several days of brainstorming, he finally came up with a strategy through which he could raise funds to buy the prescribed drugs for himself and his beloved wife. The only thing he promised himself was not to intentionally infect someone else with the virus or engage in murderous acts. Survival now was of greater importance than fidelity. If he must sleep with any woman, he vowed to protect himself; the woman actually.
He decided to see his old schoolmate in Lagos, who was a successful gigolo. Although Stanley used to condemn this act out-rightly, he had no choice than to swallow his pride and ask him to connect him with some woman. That seemed to be the quickest way to make money. Luckily for him, he had to drive his boss to Lagos in the coming week.
It was a Friday afternoon. Stanley dropped off his boss somewhere in Lekki, Lagos. He was required to be back in the office very early the next day, so he had to reach his friend on time. It was just a quarter past two in the afternoon. On his way to his friend’s place, his rumbling stomach reminded him he hadn’t eaten since morning, so he stopped by at a fast-food joint. 
“Hello,” a voice greeted him as he sipped the last gulp of his soft drink.
He had hurriedly consumed a plate of fufu and bitter leaf soup. He looked at the person who smiled sweetly at him; it was a lady! After a few seconds of scrutiny, Stanley concluded she wasn’t the kind of woman he wanted. He wanted someone older, a woman that reeked of affluence. The person before him was a regular young lady; she was someone he could control. No! He wanted someone that would dominate him, someone he could demand money from at any time, and render whatever services she required.
“Hey, you seem withdrawn, are you all right?”
He waved, and she smiled with satisfaction.
Stanley was a well built handsome man who cared so much about his looks. He would captivate most ladies at the very first sight.
“Never seen you around, you just moved in here?” she asked with curiousness in her eyes.
By now, he had finished his drink and was heading towards the exit door.
“Sorry, I just stopped by for lunch; I need to meet up with a friend,” he said and walked hurriedly away, ignoring her question, but the lady wouldn’t give up.
“Why can’t you just spare us a little time,” she pleaded, as she followed him closely behind, while he headed out of the restaurant towards his car.
He paused and looked at her a second time; a pretty young lady she was with flawless skin and a nice body frame.
“Nice car you’ve got there,” she complimented when she saw the BMW M3 car into which he had inserted his key.
He peered through his windscreen and took a glance at the front seat to be sure he hadn’t carelessly displayed his I.D card so she wouldn’t see he was a mere driver. Thankfully, it wasn’t there. She asked him for a ride down the road, and he obliged.
While he drove, one topic led to the other, and all of a sudden, Stanley heard the woman already planning a future with him, somewhere in Europe! She spoke about many things, but the long and short of it is that she would be giving him money to save in a bank for their future use. Once they met their target, they would elope.
Stanley never told her he was married; she never asked. All she saw was a vibrant young responsible man who owned one of the best cars of those times. That could have made her assume she could trust him since he seemed very comfortable on his own. Looks are indeed deceptive! Stanley told the woman he worked for a manufacturing company in Aba and came briefly on an official trip. And that was true! They agreed to meet when next he came to Lagos, and she gave him a landline through which he can reach him. His anticipated meeting with his gigolo friend didn’t matter anymore.
The first time she gave him money to save was only a few weeks after their first encounter. He had to deliver some goods from his company to one of her Lagos subsidiaries. It was an unbelievable amount of Five Hundred Thousand Naira!
In less than no time, things began to glow for the Onwubikos. Money started flowing in like a river. When asked by his wife, Stanley didn’t mince words in telling her the truth. Though she wasn’t comfortable with the thought of her husband living off a woman, she had no choice because she knew they had to survive. Stanley’s love for his wife grew by the day, and they both appeared healthier as years went by since they could afford to buy their drugs. Through her husband’s support, Nkechi started a boutique somewhere along the main road. They soon became the envy of the town.
Stanley Onwubiko used to be a man who never believed in getting money through dubious means. He was a man who never indulged in immoral acts. He was a man of integrity and conscience whom circumstances had forced into his current way of life. This lady in question lacked conscience, a very inhumane personality. That made Stanley feel a little less disturbed; he was duping a thief. Asides that, he never wanted to involve himself initially, but the woman was insistent. It was a case of sequential persuasion. For more than three years now, he and his wife have remained healthy. Some neighbours who managed to hear of their HIV status concluded it to have been a malicious rumour aimed at denting their images because their healthy looks defied those of infected persons. Stanley should be bothered since one fateful day, the lady would discover he had only been defrauding her, but he didn’t want to be disturbed by the future. He just wanted to enjoy the present, the blissful present.
Chapter Seven
According to the saying: “When two elephants fight, it is the grass that suffers,” Kofo and I were the proverbial grass in our domestic predicament. Having endured several months of Father’s incessant eccentricities, Mother decided to adopt a different approach. Yorubas will say that it is not all problems violence resolves, neither is it all problems patience does. Since she had been patient all along and the fire remained on the mountain, so to speak, she decided to try ‘violence,’ the other extinguisher.
Hardly a day passed without herself and Father shouting and raining curses on each other. Sometimes, it took the timely intervention of neighbours for their argument not to result in a fight. Those things really did affect me. I can’t speak for Kofo, but I’m sure they must have affected her in some way too. She is a born genius, so even if they did, it was not academically. Most times, I would isolate myself from my friends to a quiet corner, where I would bury myself in deep thoughts. I always wondered: “Why was Father not like Charles’ father? He would peck his children with love every morning and throw them all up like babies, following the sequence they were born. Why was he not like Remi’s father, who sits Remi and his stepson, Wasiu, on his laps every weekend to cut their nails? Why does he not display love towards us? Why was he not like Mr. Jimoh, who pampers his wife like a new bride. Why should Father be my father or, better put, why should that man be my father? Why was he not even like his friend, Baba Onile? During the days I spent at his place, I used to hear him tell his two kids bedtime stories before they finally succumb to slumber. He would never want to see a fly hurt them! Why was he not like…” The list then was endless. When my questions become tired of begging for answers, I would melt into tears.
Before I knew it, it began to reflect on my academic performance. From being the second position in the previous term’s examination in my class, I became the last but one in the promotional exams; I even had to be promoted on trial. Unlike other students, I had no one to show my results to if I got home, so I wasn't exactly bothered. Father seemed not to care, and Mother, who did, was too busy trying to make ends meet.
When school resumed, the Guidance Counsellor called me. It was about my grades in the previous term. I told him of the trauma I experienced at home, and he was empathetic, but then, he told me something that carried me on from that time till Father died.
“I understand the situation, my boy, but that is your father’s life; it is a cross for your mother to carry,” he decreed.
“Bolaji, this is your own life, your only chance to live, and it never can be ruined save by your own hands.”
He then stood from his seat, came to mine, and held each of my upper arms with his hands. Shaking them vigorously and causing my entire upper body to vibrate, he said: build it my boy, and say to yourself whenever you’re weak, “my father has caused so much in the lives of my family, but he must not stop me from realizing my goals in life.”
As he spoke, those words rang into my ears. He looked me straight in the eyes and emphasized each of them. When he concluded, I felt a genius awaken in me. I felt the spirit of hope, courage, and perseverance. I wasn’t the same again. I thanked the GC and left his office as an entirely new being. I stopped thinking deeply about my family situation that I could not change. I stopped looking at those things behind me; instead, I focused on my future, the man I would become tomorrow; and every morning when I woke up, I would repeat those last words of the GC, “My father has caused so much in the lives of my family, he mustn’t stop me from realizing my goals in life.”
Those words made me strong and determined; I never in my heart stopped thanking the GC. At the end of that term, I topped my class.
One sunny Saturday afternoon, Mother asked if we would like to go with her to the beach. Since she lost her job, there had been no room for such luxuries. We were delighted at the idea, not just for the cool breeze, the music, the snacks, and all the fun we anticipated we would have, but also because of the opportunity to spend some quiet time with her. As we were about to leave, Father came in unannounced.
He gave a mirthless laugh.
“Fadekemi, you think I’m just kidding? I say you will never have your way as long as I live, even after my death.”
With that, he grabbed our hands. He said we were going out with him, and Mother should go to the beach alone if she must.
That was the beginning of another war. Amidst all plea that he should leave us, he stood on his words. Neighbours advised Mother to let him have his way so that peace could reign, and she should only pray that nothing befalls us. One of our neighbours threatened Father that if anything happened to us, he would be in serious trouble. He hailed a cab which the three of us boarded. Unlike other times, Kofo and I didn’t cry; we just sat calmly.
Mother was wailing out loud; she kept shouting that nothing must happen to us.
I heard the distant voice of a Warri woman say to her, “your pikin? And you stand here dey cry? Climb okada follow them quick!”
In compliance with her advice, Mother mounted a motorbike, defying her phobia for it, and followed us right behind. Kofo and I kept looking back whenever our car took a turn to be sure she hadn’t lost track of us. Finally, the cab pulled up outside Baba Onile’s house. Mother’s bike arrived almost immediately, and she hurriedly paid off the bike man.
“So this is where you brought my children, useless man. If the slightest thing happens to them, Alabi, you will be in trouble. If …”
“Tell her they don’t shout in my compound,” Baba Onile, who was coming out of his house, urged Father.
Mother hugged us, and we assured her we would be fine. She left after promising that she’d check on us early the next day.
It was half-past seven in the evening. We entered the house and sat down speechless. Father and Baba Onile sat outside and were talking to each other in whispers. A few minutes later, Baba Onile’s eldest daughter brought us a big bowl of pap with two small sachets of Dano Milk. She dropped it before us and murmured something that sounded like ‘your dinner...’
We couldn’t drink the pap for fear of being poisoned. As if sensing our fear, Father came in and took spoonfuls of pap. After that, we felt comfortable and drank it.
When it was past nine, they led us to sleep in a dimly lit room. Our bed was parallel to a window partially covered with wood. The wood was screwed to it the last time we were there; it probably came off the hinges. Baba Onile’s kids slept on the floor while Father and Baba Onile presumably slept in the sitting room.
The weather was cold, but suddenly in the middle of the night, I began to feel the heat. I started sweating profusely, so I opened my eyes. It was fire! The mattress, on which Kofo and I laid, was burning from an edge; Father stood at that edge. I woke Kofo, and she stood up abruptly.
“Father, so this is your plan? You want to burn us to death?” I said, breathing shakily. That was the first time I ever challenged him.
“No, Bolaji, you have to believe me. I got here just now when I sensed the fire and was about tapping you before you woke up.” His voice was shaky too.
“But you were in the sitting room,” I further challenged.
“You could not have sensed something was burning when the connecting door was locked. You ignited it, Father, you did.”
Kofo just stood speechlessly behind me, shivering despite the heat in the room. Baba Onile’s children were still snoring, and suddenly, a loud bang on the door woke them up, including Baba Onile himself. It was 2.30 am.
Baba Onile courageously went to get the door, and to everyone’s surprise, it was Mother. She said she was awoken by the intuitive spirit that gave her the signal that all wasn’t well with us, so she decided to check us immediately without considering how late it was.
That is Mother, a true mother, a mother who feels uncomfortable when her children are in danger because of that psychological bond of love they share.
As the door flung open, we ran to hug her. Though Father had quenched the fire, we still told her what happened. She yelled angrily at Father and Baba Onile, accusing them of conniving to harm us. With utmost sincerity, Baba Onile swore that he knew nothing about the incident. He said he had no idea of what happened because there wasn’t the slightest thing around that could have engulfed the mattress in flames. He sounded so convincing, and somehow, I believed him.
Father was crying on the mat where Baba Onile’s kids lay before; that was the first time I ever saw him cry. I wondered if they were tears of guilt or shame; maybe he was just pained that his plans failed. He wept profusely, and Baba Onile’s face betrayed his deliberation on whether or not to console him. His children sat on the long couch in the sitting room with the looks of these-people-should-hurry-and-go-with-their-trouble on their faces.
It was barely four o’clock, and Mother insisted we were going home at that time. Baba Onile pleaded with her to wait till at least 5.30 am for safety reasons. Having succeeded in convincing Mother, he went into the room and shut the door behind him. His children, Mother, Kofo, and I remained in the sitting room.
About ten minutes later, I remembered I had left my wristwatch in the room, and Kofo also said she left her earrings. I decided to get them. Without knocking, I opened the connecting door and saw Baba Onile comforting Father already; he had managed to brainwash him. My eyes met with Father’s, and he shook his head. His expression appeared to mean: this is just the beginning!
At the muezzin’s first call to prayer, we went home with Mother.
Chapter Eight
It isn’t raining anymore. I stand up and stretch my body as though I have just completed an arduous task. I wonder how long I’ve been sitting here with this strange man. He stands up too and wipes the tears on his face.
It is half-past eleven. I pick up my shovel and lamp, then lead the way silently. I wish to break the silence, but I can't find the right words. As I'm searching mentally for the best thing to say, the words in my heart escape through my mouth.
“But Baba, what are those things that have befallen you, those things so grave that made you cry, betraying your feelings?” my curiosity seems incurable.
He looks at me and then shakes his head sadly before he speaks again.
“Son, how does one explain the inexplicable?” he stifles a sob.
“I have been cheated, I have been betrayed. I have been robbed of everything in life, both material and immaterial. I was seen not as my real self but a different person entirely. Oh, it's a real wicked world,” he laments.
We walk on in silence, and this time, it is he who breaks it.
“Have you ever seen a masquerade?”
I answer in the affirmative.
“Some masquerades exist whom the evil ones have worn the mask upon without their consent. They hate the mask, but they can’t help it. They need someone or people to tear them off. Sharp as the nails of man may seem, they are still too blunt to scratch beneath the surface. These masquerades look fierce, but really, they aren’t. Those masks have veiled the beauty on their faces, so you see them looking wild and dangerous. No one sees or even bothers to look behind the mask. Everyone is satisfied in seeing the apparent alone; then they are seen that way, I mean fiercely looking, till the end of time.”
He pauses for a while as if giving me time to digest those words, then he continues.
“Life is full of masquerades; men are masquerades. You see their faces looking calm and serene; the flesh of man is itself a mask, another kind of mask. Appearance is deceptive, son. It is a man's heart, his intentions, that says who he really is, not how he looks or what he does.”
Unfortunately, my son,” he says very sadly now and shakes his head.
“We can not unveil the heart. Only the man knows his heart, only the man and just one person.”
He then looks up and points to the sky.
“God. Only God and the man sees his heart.”
We pass through sharp thorns on mushy sands; we are in the rainy season. My white tennis shoes are stained already, and I take a glance at them, wondering if they can ever turn white again. We get to a T-junction, and I am confused about whether to turn left or right. I stop and say this to the old man who glances at me.
“Let me help you with your lamp. Those things you’re carrying will make you tired on time. Hide your shovel under those dry leaves, son; we do not need it. It is safe there.”
He points to a heap of dry leaves that obviously fell from the banana tree above it. I do as he says, but as he’s about to get the lamp from me, I refuse. I realize he’ll be carrying two lamps in just one hand, the only hand he has, while I will be swinging my two able hands majestically. I tell him my mind.
“I know, son, but by the time we get there, I want you to be both physically and mentally relaxed. I need you to be able to think, reason, and act accordingly.”
I insist. I tell him the lamp isn’t so heavy; its weight draws negligible energy from me.
Now, I finish talking and look ahead of me. What I see startles me. I wonder if we were walking all the while we debated on who should carry the lamp. We are on Uncle Kole’s land already!
During Father's burial, I scanned the picture of the land in my memory because I knew I was coming back soon. A ridge demarcates Uncle Kole’s farm from a larger one behind it. Not far from it is a four-bedroom-house foundation. From the way it appears, one can deduce that it has been there for several years.
“The most important thing is that we’re here already,” he says as if reading my mind.
I continue to lead, and he follows behind. Alas, we arrive at our destination.
On Father’s tombstone lays the inscription: The Man Who Fought Till His Death. I wonder what Uncle Kole meant by inscribing that on his tomb. Is it that he supported us all along, but was pretending? So he knew his brother used to fight with Mother, and even his children, till he died? But it seemed he loved Father, and he tended to support him while he lived though he neither insulted nor sang Mother's praises. His judgement always lay somewhere in between. If he wasn’t in support of Father’s unruly behaviour, why didn't he consent to take the bracelet off his wrist? If he was pleased with it, then why did he inscribe such words on his tomb? While I ponder over these, the old man interrupts my train of thoughts.
“Time is not our friend; we must hurry up.” He lays his paraffin lamp on the wet grass and orders me to switch off my light.
We are both left in total darkness now. I am marvelled at my strength. Ordinarily, I would have been afraid, but somehow, I feel somewhat familiar with this strange being.
Suddenly, a thought creeps up on me. Is he going to invoke Father’s spirit? My heart skips several beats. He holds my hand and tells me we are going to work together. He added that the first thing to be done is to get the arm on which the bracelet lies. I decline by telling him l would wait because I’m afraid to move too close to Father’s grave. 
“..and you were on your way here alone to dig with your shovel,” he teases.
A sudden gust of wind sweeps across me, and I shiver in fear. The old man is by the grave; I wonder what he is doing. I am tempted to switch on my lamp, and I yield to it. As Father’s grave suddenly becomes illuminated, I see the old man already coming towards me.
“You disobeyed me, son,” he sounds disappointed, and I am ashamed of myself.
I apologize and immediately switch the lamp off, but he says I could leave it on. He’s very close to me now, and I notice he is holding something. I look at it very well, a human arm! It was a decaying human arm with a silver bracelet worn around it—Father's arm!
This moment, I experience a kind of joy I have never experienced before. The old man drops it on the floor, and we both squat in an attempt to remove the bracelet. Asides being irritated by it, I am also afraid to touch it so I leave the entire task for him.
Using a leg to pin the arm to the ground, he struggles to pull out the bracelet with his only hand. He pulls it with force because it is very tight and has no openings. As he draws it, part of the decaying flesh peels, which escorts the bracelet upwards. Finally, he succeeds in pulling it above his thumb. Now, the rest is easy, but as he strives to pull it off the remaining four fingers, I tap him.
“You’re about to set free my family from the chains of life,” I said.
“Once that bracelet is out, which you’ve almost made possible, we shall undoubtedly be free, and all our lost fortunes shall return to us. You will make me a hero. I shall return home in the delight of my victory because I would have achieved my aim of wandering.”
He gives me an approving nod.
“I don’t want to be an ingrate, Baba, but I’m afraid I may not be able to fulfil my promise of arranging your scattered farm. Not that I don’t want to, but I don’t think I’m competent. I don’t know what it takes. I prefer to go home in pains, leaving the bracelet on my father’s arm than to leave you still wandering in the dark after you must have helped me out of my predicament. I have come to love you and wouldn’t like to offend you.”
He gives a wry smile and stares silently at me for a while before he speaks.
“My son, when Nature generously gives Man the strength to toil hard without resting all day, she expects a price. Then night falls, and Man succumbs to slumber. Subconsciously, the vulnerable Man has paid Nature’s price by giving it ‘sleep.’ If you don’t mind my pun, the nature of Nature’s price is what I’m charging. If Nature asks for nothing, she is asking Man not to sleep, which is expensive because ‘nothing’ is itself a price; a price higher than the former.”
He pauses briefly and speaks again as if realizing something new.
“Even if Nature doesn’t demand ‘sleep,’ Man will sleep nevertheless; even if I don’t ask you to help me re-arrange my scattered farm, you still will do it. Asking for nothing is a punishment, just as Nature asking Man for no sleep. Can you now see that there exist some prices cheaper than nothing?”
I am as confused as ever, but I answer in the affirmative.
Silence reigns as I try to relate the parable with his scattered farm. If it is anything to go by, that means it is not even a matter of my ability. Putting the scattered farm to order will be a reflex action that I wouldn’t be able to help myself from doing. So I, Omobolaji Ojulari, am to arrange a farm I don’t know its width; I don't even know when a farm is labelled as scattered. Is it when the crops aren’t well mixed? Is it when yam is growing where there should be maize? I remember the analysis he gave me last night about the rain, the sun, and the seedlings in the nursery. Maybe I have to make those seedlings know what profits them: the sun. I have to make them understand that both have their functions, but the rain has evil plans. It seems beyond my ability because I’m not superhuman. How do I change the notions of seedlings that are inanimate? Nonetheless, the parable fuels my optimism. After toiling hard during the day, Man must feel sleepy at night; Bolaji must feel like arranging the scattered farm.
“So Baba, let us start from you telling me the location of your farm.”
“I need not to, son. You know where it is,” he says with conviction.
I have also been wondering why he does not want to sort out his farm by himself. Again, I ask him this as subtle as I can, and he replies, looking straight into my eyes.
 “It’s impossible for me. I honestly wish I could but it’s just impossible,” he shakes his head sadly in regret.
Now, he forges ahead to pull off the bracelet, which was almost at the tip of Father’s four fingers. He cuffs his hand around it, but this time, it is he who hesitates.
“My son,” he says with a resounding thud.
“There is a great mystery behind this bracelet; I shall tell you about it…”
Chapter Nine
After the fire incident, Father never came back home, and there was peace in the house; he was presumably living with Baba Onile. Mother was retrenched from her office and was trying to secure a new job. Her former colleague supported us financially to an extent we didn't need to cut down our expenses.
A few months later, Mother travelled for a job interview. As usual, she had prepared meals that would suffice us till she returned and stored them in the refrigerator. The only meal she left in the pot was our dinner, which was fried rice. Since Father wasn't around, we did not envisage any disruption.
We lost track of time as we watched movies, and Kofo swung to reality before me.
“Ahh, it’s past midnight, and we haven’t had dinner,” she exclaimed, interrupting Al Pacino in a scene in ‘The Godfather III.’
I stood up abruptly, stretching my bones. Kofo was still seated while I searched for the remote control to pause the movie so I could dish our food.
Suddenly, the door opened ajar, and four-hefty men entered. We immediately lay flat on the floor as we watch robbery victims do on TV. One of them pulled me up from behind, holding the collar of my shirt.
“We are not here to make trouble,” he said.
“Just that the situation in this country is terrible.”
Then in a tone lower than the former, he continued.
 “We are the great unwashed. We are starving, I mean we are hungry. We need food!”
By then, I was standing in their midst, enveloped in fear. Kofo was still lying on the rug, vibrating like a car engine.
“The pizzas go to the rich, so does the burger, the barbecued chicken…”
“While the best we ever get is very sour garri,” another interrupted.
“Garri Ijebu,” they chorused and began to laugh hysterically.
When their hysteria wore out, the tallest among them, who seem to be their leader, urged me to lead them to the kitchen. In the kitchen, another asked me to open the pot on the gas. With jittery fingers, I took off the lid, and it fell with a heavy thud.
Their mouths watered at the sight of the shrimps-rich fried rice. Without warning, they dipped their hands into the pot and devoured the rice while I stood and watched them in regret.
If only ‘The Godfather’ had ended in Part II, we wouldn’t have been so engrossed watching Part III. We got carried away and forgot to lock the door after Mother. We would have had our delicious meal and been in bed, still savouring its taste.
In no time, the pot was empty, and they rubbed their oily hands on their chests. At least I was thankful they didn't use the white table napkin I had washed earlier that day.
One of them tapped me from behind.
“My guy, if poor man no steal, where poor man go get the kain food wey we whack finish? Poor man must enjoy too now, no be so?”
I returned a blank stare while he gave me a broad smile.
They all seemed satisfied and ready to leave. As they advanced towards the sitting room where we had our exit door, one of them asked for chilled water. I went to the dining room, and they all followed me again, which was rather irritating.
As I opened the refrigerator, their supposed leader peeped inside it. He brought his head very close to my mouth, and I almost puked. The thought of being a slave to my predators in my own nest irked me.
“Let’s see what you have in there,” he demanded, pointing to the carefully arranged food bowls in the refrigerator, and the others bent their heads closer to see.
I opened the topmost bowl, and they all exclaimed with joy, seeing the frozen stew with chicken wings sticking out. They opened the rest of the bowls themselves and loved what they saw. One of them caught a glimpse of Mother’s shopping bag; he grabbed it and hurriedly packed all the bowls of frozen food inside. The leader ordered him to pack other contents therein. He included the packs of juice and drinks, leaving behind only water, which was their actual request! I pleaded with them; I told them Mother had travelled, and we had no other means of feeding.
“Young man, you’re surrounded by people swimming in affluence. Tell them you’re hungry, and they’ll feed you. They prefer to help healthy-looking people like you and not unkempt wretched-looking fellas like us,” one of them uttered.
In the sitting room, Kofo still maintained her position, and as our night visitors advanced towards the door, I cursed them silently in my heart.
“Lock up the door now,” the last that exited among them commanded, as I shut the door after him. He waited until the key turned twice in the lock, then his footsteps receded into the distance.
When Kofo sat up on the rug, I saw what ordinarily would have made me laugh hard. The long skirt she was wearing had clung to her legs, and the rug was wet. It took me only a few seconds to realise what had happened. At the height of the tension, my little sister had urinated on her body!
Ignoring her messy state, I told her how our visitors gobbled up our dinner and emptied the refrigerator; it broke her.
“They shall not know peace. The fried rice they ate will choke them; they won’t even get home tonight,” Kofo cursed.
I just kept quiet, knowing deep within me that without even cursing, there exists a God who will never let the punisher go unpunished. Kofo kept swearing until it began to irritate me, and I blurted out angrily at her.
“Imagine four robbers coming to attack us, and of all the luxury in this house, they could only think of stealing food; they didn’t even ask for money! Kofo, you are a girl; you should be grateful that those men didn’t even attempt to harass you. What if they did? Most of all, you are alive, so am I. We have every reason to thank God, so please keep quiet and stop crying over spilled milk.”
With that, I headed to bed.
A chorus of screams on the street woke me up sharply. I opened my eyes and saw that it was dawn already. The noise grew indistinct for a while and then went louder again. This time, I recognized Mrs. Jimoh’s voice amidst it.
As I stood up to open the door, Kofo, who had slept in the sitting room, woke up too. She asked to follow me, and I scrutinized her to see if she looked tidy. Though she still reeked of urine, her skirt was dry.
We locked the door behind us and traced the source of the noise.
Somewhere in between our house and the main road, laid our night visitors, all dead! Just like the rats talked about in a nursery rhyme, what became of them was a mystery to everyone. Not far from where they lay was Mother’s shopping bag, where they packed our food. At another end, I saw one of the food bowls almost empty; a dog was feeding on the spaghetti in it.
Kofo and I looked at each other speechlessly and were scared to inform neighbours of their visit to our house. What if they held us responsible for their deaths? No one seemed to know who they were or from where they came; everyone expressed pity for them. As neighbours and passers-by analysed what might have killed them, I wondered silently in me. Was it God’s wrath that had fallen upon them so quick or Kofo’s curses? It was unfathomable.
“Good morning, ma,” Kofo greeted Mrs. Jimoh, and I followed suit.
She was already going to her house, and she ordered us to leave too because the police might arrive soon.
When we got home, I couldn’t stop wondering what became of our night visitors who had no physical scars on their bodies to suggest an assault. Should I be worried that my little sister might have some secret powers?
No sooner had we entered the house than we heard the siren of an ambulance preceded by a police vehicle. They probably would be taken to the hospital for a post mortem. So much for them.
I struggled to have some more sleep as I lay in bed, but my stomach kept growling with hunger. Barely an hour after, I felt someone tap my shoulder. It was Kofo. She had showered and changed her clothes. I asked if she had cleaned up the rug, and she mumbled out some incoherent words. She had helped to prepare our traditional breakfast cereal, and I gave her a gratifying look even though it appeared she had more milk in hers than mine.
Just before noon, there were mild knocks at the door, and for a fleeting moment, we thought the ghosts of our night visitors had come to haunt us. Suddenly, a sharp sound came from the door lock; someone was opening it from outside! We ran into our room and hid under the bed. 
The door flung open.
“Let me search for those children first,” I heard a voice say.
It was a voice l knew; the voice of someone l loved. It was Mother’s. We jumped out and saw her advance towards the dining room with her face bent as if looking for something. Seeing her was always a joy to behold. Her old colleague, who came with her, had waited by the door. 
“Mother,” we chorused, and she cringed with fear.
As soon as she saw us, her eyes brimmed with tears, and she let them flow. Seeing her cry always broke my heart.
“My God, where again have I failed this time?” her voice was barely above a whisper.
Kofo moved close to hug her. Her colleague just stood, watching us from afar.
“Didn't you eat the food I made?” she asked with tears in her voice.
“What happened to your dinner?”
I wondered if we were looking pale already. We told her about the night visitors who were later found dead, and her eyes went wide in astonishment. She asked if anyone was aware of their visit to our house, we answered in the negative. She commended our act. She said if we had told anyone, the police would have arraigned us as suspects.
Mother's intuitive power was magical. According to her, she woke up with an odd feeling that something had gone wrong with us, and we aroused her fears when she knocked on the door without response. 
All the while we had been talking, her former colleague just stood by the door, staring at us with a blank expression.
“You know I don't support this; I think the best thing is to leave these children alone. Ain’t you worried about these strange occurrences?” I overheard Mother’s colleague tell her as I shut the door behind us.
She had given us money to have lunch at the local canteen down the street. I fixed my ear to the door to eavesdrop into their conversation, and her response didn't fall short of my expectation. 
“You know I can’t; I possibly can’t. I believe it will affect me in some way because they are my children; they make up a part of me. If I leave them, they may get to know the truth when they grow up. What kind of mother would the world call me? No matter how difficult it proves, I have no other choice than to persevere; they are my children…” she responded defiantly.
Immediately, I developed a strong detest for her colleague, whom I respected a lot. What a piece of advice! Anyway, I trust Mother. Her love for us is too strong to succumb to such a heartless proposal.
When I got to the canteen, Kofo had almost finished eating. She had no money on her, and I wondered how she was able to confidently place her order, believing I would be there in time to make payment. What if I hadn’t turned up?
My rumbling stomach rudely reminded me of my hunger, and I hurried to the counter to place my order.
Chapter Ten
Father died on a cold Saturday morning. For more than six months, he had been away from home. Although strange things still happened a few times while he was not around, we were glad that he was at least out of our way.
He came home around ten o’clock that morning with two KFC plastic bags. We were all surprised to see him. He looked very pale and was in some form of clothing one could pass off as rags.
“I have come to see my children,” he mumbled when Mother gave him a questioning look.
It was his house anyway, so he could come in whenever it pleased him. Baba Onile came in to join him a few minutes later; they had come together in his car.
Kofo and I were both sitting on the long couch before I opened the door for Baba Onile. Instead of going back to sit, I went straight to the room, and Kofo joined me. Father came right after us. He had dropped the food packs in the sitting room.
“You may not see me as a good father, but I am. I have sacrificed so much for you; unfortunately, these things are just too difficult to explain.”
We remained quiet.
“I have just been feeling some form of guilt in me recently. It doesn't feel right to leave my children for so long without checking on them.”
Little did he know that his absence had been our greatest joy.
Just then, there was a knock at the door, and Mother answered. I heard the familiar voice of a neighbour telling Baba Onile that he had parked his car obstructing other drivers. He urged him to go and move it off their way.
“Well, I have brought you breakfast, and I hope to continue like this henceforth,” Father, who had also paused to know who was at the door, continued.
He knew the way we fed on weekends. We usually had cereal very early, and we ate our main breakfast shortly before noon.
“You are my children, and even though I’m financially handicapped, I know I still should provide for you. I’m sure you will both love...” he looked around as if searching for the things he brought. 
When he realised he had left them in the sitting room, he went to get them. He was back shortly. As he stretched his hands to give us each of the bags, we held back ours, refusing to take them from him. Who knows if his intentions are pure?
“Please accept it from me. I am your father and would never do anything to harm you. Please don't mind all the things that have been happening,” he appealed.
His eyes were red, and I think I saw him hold back a tear. He dropped the food packs and went out to meet Mother. As he walked towards the backyard where Mother was drying some clothes she had washed, I heard Baba Onile ask him what happened, but he ignored him.
“You’ve poisoned my children’s minds against me, Fadeke, you’ve made me seem like a monster before them,” Father accused Mother unjustly.
We could see them through the window of our room.
“How do you mean, Alabi?” Mother queried calmly.
“Seeing is believing. These children are not kids anymore. They see all that you do. They have grown into seeing you as a mysterious man because of your recent attitude, and that…” she pointed to the bracelet on his left wrist. 
Mother walked out on him and came to challenge us inside.
“What do you think you are doing? Are you out of your minds? Your father gave you something, and you rejected it! He is your father, for crying out loud, the only father you can ever have in life. No matter what he does or whatever he has done, that fact still stands out loud and clear. Do you realize how much it hurts when a child refuses a gift from his parent? Would you, when you become parents, like to be treated by your children that way,” Mother scolded. 
From her voice, I could read anger. I wonder why a woman would still preach to her children not to hate or disrespect their father despite being badly treated by him. She was only playing the role of a responsible mother. Such gestures only intensified my love for her. Only a bad mother would take sides with her children against their father.
I looked at both plastic bags, which Father had angrily dropped on the bed. Each contained a KFC bucket of chicken and chips, a medium-sized ‘Five Alive’ drink, and a bowl of chocolate-flavoured ice cream. I knew even if I accept it out of compassion, I wouldn't taste anything from it even though I loved chicken and chips. We still sat stubbornly on the bed with the look of my-mind-is-made-up on our faces.
After Mother had tried her best possible to make us eat the food to no avail, she left us.
“Well, I can only force the horse to the stream; I can't force it to drink water. It seems they both have their minds made up,” I overheard her tell Father.
Father came in and sat in the corner of our room. He seemed lost in his thoughts. I could hear Mother lamenting about his behaviour to Baba Onile in the sitting room, and he tried to justify Father’s acts. She was even telling him to persuade us to eat the chips.
“Remember I'm your father, your only father, and I have no other children elsewhere too,” Father said, interrupting the voices I was overhearing.
 “Do you think I can harm you?” he added in a shaky whisper.
Kofo looked at him with a changed expression on her face. From it, I could read sympathy. Perhaps, the charm of his words had subdued her, and to my amazement, she began to confess.
“I envy my friends when they speak of their father and always wish I could speak of mine too. I wish I had a father whom I could tell everything. How I really cherish those addressed by the phrase, ‘Daddy's Girl.’ I wish I had a father whom I could trust, a father that makes my mother happy, a father that...” she broke down.
Father stared into thin air and bit his lips. Tears rolled down his cheeks, but he tried not to sob. Kofo was still emotional, and I just sat there looking confused.
Somehow stirred by his tears and wishing to break the silence penetrated by sobs from Kofo, I lifted my gaze to look at Father, who wiped the tears on his face with the back of his palm. He did it swiftly as if it was an abomination for me to see his tears. For some unknown reason, tears suddenly filled my eyes.
“We shall eat and drink all that you’ve brought us, but not until you’ve tasted a bit of all,” I found myself negotiating.
He hesitated for a moment then shook his head sadly.
Kofo dried her tears immediately, and her sobs ceased. She looked at me with great admiration as if she had never seen me being so fair.
I could tell from the look on Father’s face that he hated the lack of trust my suggestion insinuated.
There was a brief silence, and then, he removed the disposable bucket, drink, and ice cream from each bag. Using the white plastic fork enclosed in a serviette paper in one of the bags, he tasted some chips. He chewed gently and swallowed. He took the second bucket and ate a fork-full from it too, using the same fork he had used for the former.
No sooner had he swallowed it than he began to cough. I thought it was a regular minor cough, but when it became non-stop, and he gripped his chest, I screamed for help. Mother came running in with Baba Onile. Kofo, who now sat with mouth agape, was too shocked to stand up from the bed and could only shift away, watching Father in utter disbelief. I explained what happened to Mother before she asked, and we all watched Father helplessly.
He finally fell to the ground, and his final words were: “If not for your Mother, I would have...” he gave up the ghost before he could complete the sentence.
Baba Onile seemed shocked, but we believed it was mere pretence. They must have planned it together. It was quite alarming because this happened at a time I was beginning to develop a soft spot towards him. 
Neighbours crowded our house shortly after, and the news of a father’s failed attempt to kill his children spread around town.
“You have every reason to thank God because you would have been the dead ones, instead of your father, if fate had permitted it,” said the psychic albino, who once said that Father’s bracelet was the cause of the mystics in our house.
To help us through the traumatic experience, Mrs. Jimoh took us to her house while arrangements were being made to take Father’s corpse away.
While at Mrs. Jimoh’s house, I couldn’t help replaying events in my head. Since Father knew he had poisoned the food, why did he succumb to my words? Did he forget, or he thought his bracelet would immune him against the venom? We didn't force him to taste the food. If he had declined and said he found it insulting for me to urge him to taste the food before we could feel safe to eat, we might have still felt some compassion for him and eaten the food.
“Don't you think that the missing phrase in Father’s last words is ‘killed you,’ as in you and me?”
That was Kofo, interrupting my train of thoughts. She always had something to fit into any situation, and I never stopped admiring her wits.
I joined words silently in my mind and reasoned with her. What Father intended to say was: “If not for your Mother, I would have KILLED YOU!”
We had lunch in Mrs. Jimoh’s house, after which we went home. It was past four, and from outside the house, we could hear Mama’s wails—Father’s Mother.
The corpse had been taken away from our room and placed in a coffin outside the house, where Uncle Kole and Baba Onile seemed to be discussing issues relating to the burial. Sadness showed in their eyes even though they were not shedding tears. We greeted Uncle Kole, but he only responded with a nod.
We went into the sitting room and saw Mama wailing on the floor. She kept saying the world had blinded the only eye she had. Mother was trying to console her, but she was disconsolate; instead, she wailed louder.
“Don't stand there watching, come forth and console Mama," Mother beckoned to us.
At that instance, I found my voice.
“Why should anyone mourn the death of a man who attempted to murder his children? We should be celebrating his death and not mourning. What if we had eaten the food and died? He wanted to kill us, but unfortunately for him, it backfired,” I blurted out angrily and turned to Mama.
“Is it not evident now, that your son, (I deliberately avoided calling him ‘Father’) was a vicious being whose mission was to destroy? A man who intended to poison his own children—for God's sake, we should all say good riddance to bad…”
“Shut up, shut up, Oh, Bolaji, shut your mouth!” Mother's voice came like a roar. “How dare you speak ill of the dead who happens to be your father for that matter!”
Mama had stopped crying now, and she gaped at me wide-eyed in astonishment.
“But Mother,” I called her softly, refusing to accept defeat.
“Do you know how you make us feel by mourning Father? You make us feel his existence is worth more than ours. You make us feel…” my voice broke as tears gushed from my eyes.
I looked beside me, and Kofo had disappeared. She was probably irritated by the whole drama and retired to the room. I joined her inside and decided we would not leave the room until all the visitors had gone.
About an hour later, there was a knock at our door. It was Uncle Kole; he came to inform us that Father was about to be laid to rest. He said we needed to go because there were traditional rites to be performed by his children. Uncle Kole appeared very gloomy and tired. He gave no room for dialogue, so we grudgingly followed him.
Father’s corpse was already in an ambulance while Baba Onile, Uncle Kole, Mother, Kofo and I, followed it in Baba Onile’s car. Uncle Kole was said to have taken Mama home while on his way to get an ambulance.
It took us about thirty minutes to arrive at the land; it was Uncle Kole’s land. Father’s family had agreed to bury him there.
Uncle Kole got off the car to direct the ambulance to the burial spot; he had hired some men already to dig the earth for Father’s body. The rest of us also got off the car when we arrived at the spot. The coffin was lifted off the ambulance and gently lowered to the ground.
I asked Mother in a whisper if they removed the bracelet, and she shook her head sadly. She gave me a quick hint of her futile attempt to convince Mama and Uncle Kole of its mystery. The latter proclaimed that Father once told him that whenever he died, he must be buried with it, and Baba Onile was in full support too.
We performed the traditional rite of pouring handfuls of sand on Father’s coffin. There and then, I determined within me that I shall be back very soon to dig the grave; Father’s evil bracelet must be destroyed!
Baba Onile dropped us off at the junction of our street; he and Uncle Kole were going to comfort Mama in her house.
Somewhere close by, Uncle Kole had pointed to a bush path on the side of the street. He said it was a short cut that also led to his land. Though he was talking to Baba Onile, I studied the short cut well. It had a clear footpath; my journey back there would be easy.
We got home just a few minutes before eight. To our utmost bewilderment, our house had been robbed! All Mother’s pieces of jewelry, expensive native wears, shoes, and a substantial amount of money had been stolen. I pitied her. She bit her trembling lips, and tears began seeping down her cheeks. I didn't want us to attract the attention of neighbours again. They should be tired of our never-ending issues; after all, we weren’t the only ones in the neighbourhood.
“But Mother, are we not going to get the bracelet?” Kofo enquired since it seemed she had resigned to fate.
“Are we just going to leave things the way they are?” I added, pretending as if I had no plans.
After a brief pause, she sighed and told us to leave that to her; she would handle it. She looked so worn out. Her eyes looked very pale and red; it seemed she had spent the whole day crying.
She will handle it indeed. Her plans won’t stop mine anyway.
Chapter Eleven
Suddenly, as if in a trance, a vision begins to form before me.
In a small village, I see a boy in his early teens. He exudes so much warmth and seems to be loved by everyone.
He carries a pot and is on his way, I guess to the stream, to fetch water. Then comes an elderly woman with a bundle of firewood on her head and two in her hands. It seems too heavy for her, and she steps slowly, looking tired. The boy is walking behind her, in the same direction. When he has almost caught up with her, one of the bundles slips from her and falls, hitting the boy’s pot, which instantly crumbles to pieces.
“Sorry, my son. It wasn’t intentional,” she apologizes and then drops the other bundle on the grass, leaving the only one on her head.
“Sell the bundle of firewood that fell together with this,” she says, pointing to the one she just dropped. “The money recovered from it will be enough to buy you a new pot.”
The boy carries both bundles and follows the woman slowly behind. She gets to a small hut and stops. She puts down her firewood and looks behind her; she sees the boy.
“Why have you followed me, my son?” she demands.
“I told you to sell those bundles of firewood. That is the only way I can help. I have no money in my house; neither do I own a pot. I am a poor woman, as you can see. All I can boast of in this village is a son.”
As if to buttress her claim, a boy of about seven years old comes out of the hut.
“I’m not here to demand money or a pot,” the boy says as he drops the bundles of firewood.
“I can not charge you for breaking my pot because I know it was an accident. If those bundles of firewood were not too heavy for you, one of them wouldn’t have fallen to break my pot. I have only helped you in bringing them home,” the boy concludes and turns back to leave.
“Please, come back, my son,” the woman beckons at him, and he obeys. “I am surprised at your deed. I have never seen such an act of kindness since I’ve lived in this village,” the woman confesses.
“But I still insist you should sell those bundles of firewood to buy a new pot. What if you’re punished by your guardian when you get home?”
The boy smiles.
“Whatever be the consequences, let me face it. Even if I must get a new pot, it shouldn’t be through selling the bundles of firewood that you spent so much energy under the scorching sun, old as you are, to cut and gather. My bones are still strong and agile. I will go to the forest myself and gather woods to sell if I must buy a new pot. I also could have hit my leg against a rock and suffer a fall that would cause the pot to break.”
He turns to leave, but the woman calls him again.
“My son,” he turns back to look at the woman, and she continues.
“Words can't express how grateful I am. Truly, I am not happy I have to lose those bundles of firewood because I toiled so hard to get them, but I thought I needed to be considerate.”
She pauses for a while as if to think. 
“I shall give you two things that are very precious to me. They shall be of great help to you.”
From her left wrist, the woman removes a silver bracelet; I am beginning to get scared!
“Take this bracelet, my son. Wear it around your left wrist. It shall always protect you as long as it lies on your wrist, whether you are dead or alive. It shall protect you and your family from the evil of men, not just your present family but also that which you shall head in the future.”
The boy takes it and wears it around his wrist. I am getting more scared.
“And the second thing, my son,” the woman continues.
“I’ll give you my son. You shall have his support, and he’ll always stand by you till the end of his life or yours.”
The woman’s son, who was watching from afar, comes closer, and his mother gives his hand to the boy.
“These are the things I value most in life. With my whole heart, I give them to you.”
“Thank you very much, ma. I’m afraid I may have to leave now; they will be worried at home.”
The boy bids mother and son goodbye.
Now, I see the boy and the woman’s son together. They seem to be intimate friends. Despite the distance between their houses, they are hardly apart.
Suddenly, just like in those movies where a small boy suddenly changes to a man to imply that he has grown to become that man, the boy and the old woman’s son change to men as they are picking palm nuts under a palm tree.
The boy becomes Father and the woman’s son, Baba Onile!
I cringe at the sight of Father; I never imagined seeing him again. I see him in the old white Benz he used to drive before the chips went down. He pulls over in front of a grocery store. A woman walks up to him as if to seduce him, but he pays little attention. Two men come to drop a bag of rice in his booth; he was waiting for it.
Father starts his engine, but she refuses to leave, and this forces him to attend to her.
“What more do you need in a woman?” she demands, rolling her eyes.
Oh! I think I dozed off for a while.
Now, I see the woman and Father in a well-furnished apartment. They seem to have gotten married after a series of events that I missed. I look at the woman, carefully making sure I’m not mistaking.
It is Mother; sweet mother!
It gets more interesting, and I watch on with rapt attention.
I see Father in a familiar house, a house I know very well; Baba Onile's house.
“Don’t you think your action was a bit rash?” Baba Onile asks him.
“You know she is well-read, and her social standard is far beyond yours. What else do you think could have attracted her to you if not your money? It’s crystal clear, Alabi, open your eyes!” he alerts.
Father beams at him.
“Well, there’s nothing I can do now, Bode. We are now a couple, and we are even expecting a baby already. I understand your concern as a friend, but I must tell you, Fadekemi is a different person entirely. I can perceive the strength of her love; she adores me wholeheartedly. Literacy or no, the most important thing is that I am a man. I can not only make but can also maintain a family.” 
At this point, I'm utterly confused. The initial fear I had, when I saw Father, has been replaced with enthusiasm. I am now very eager to know what is going to happen or rather what happened since it’s an event that has occurred.
“There is nothing too late, Alabi. Think deeply, so you don’t regret it. Think!”
“Bode, I respect your views, but I’ll rather we close this matter so it wouldn’t be the bone of contention between us. We’ve been more than friends for so many years, and we have gone a long way.”
“If you love me the way I do,” he pauses for a while, looking straight into Baba Onile’s eyes.
“Support me. Love the one I love; love Fadekemi—Mrs. Fadekemi Ojulari,” he says with great emphasis and walks out on Baba Onile.
I begin to see things that stun me. Scenes begin to appear and disappear in a flash.
I see that Father's stolen goods, his acres of land said to be claimed by the government, and many other things were all masterminded; the villain of the piece was Mother!
The man whom she claims to be her colleague is her lover after all! She has had him save the money recovered from Father’s stolen assets, which amounted to over Fifteen Million Naira, in his bank account.
She plans to kill Kofo and me, staging it in such a way that would make people believe Father is responsible. Afterwards, she would divorce him for his ‘wicked act’ and elope with her colleague to begin life afresh.
All those times she travelled and left food behind, she had poisoned them.
When Father trashed our food, leaving the beans and vegetables that we didn’t like, she had poisoned the spaghetti, the okra soup, etc. She deliberately left out the beans and other dishes he would likely eat alone.
If we had eaten them and died, a close inquiry would have revealed that the food poisoning was selective, and Father was careful not to eat from the infected ones. He would be the prime suspect. Mother would even testify that the infected meals were particularly ours, so it would be evident that the act was intentional. No one would ever suspect her because she made people believe that she loved us so much. If she wanted to kill anyone, it would have been Father who made her pass through hell. 
The fried rice our night visitors ate, which should have been our dinner, was poisoned! She, however, did not poison the food in the refrigerator. She planned it that way since Father wasn’t staying in the house anymore.
I see what would have happened if ‘The Godfather’ had ended in part II, and we had eaten our sumptuous dinner before the intrusion of our visitors.
We die, then she comes the next morning before anyone can notice. It’s a Saturday, anyway, so no one would expect to see us early since it wasn’t a school day.
There is poison-free fried rice in the refrigerator, and she defrosts it. She pours it into the empty pot on the gas cooker and scatters it around to make it look like a fraction of it has been dished out. Of course, the remnants in our plates contain poison. Mother goes outside the house and yells that her dear children are dead. The outcome of the investigation carried out suggests that a third party came to poison us after we had served poison-free food from the pot. Only Father, who has a spare key to the house, could have sneaked in. Again, he is the prime suspect.
It wasn’t true that Mother shortened her trip to see us because she had the intuition things weren’t well with us. Those times she shouted when she saw us, it was not because we looked pale; it was because she was shocked to find us alive.
The time Father took us to Baba Onile’s house, I mean the first time we had to stay for two weeks, Mother had made arrangements with some hoodlums to murder us so she would just come home and find us dead. That was why Father had taken us away and refused to release us till he was sure she had come back.
She had poisoned the food that spilled on her legs those days. She usually dished out Father’s food before she poisoned the rest.
I see how she planned it; what would have happened if they had not poured.
She lay everyone’s food on the dining table, goes back to the kitchen, and pretends to be tidying it up. She hears our shouts minutes later and rushes to the dining room. We die, and the investigation reveals that even Mother’s food contains poison, so she is likely not the culprit. At the discovery that Father’s food isn’t, he becomes the suspect. Mother never poisoned food when he was not at home because she wanted to get rid of us in a way that will make him appear guilty of the crime.
When that seemed not to work, she decided to adopt a different approach.
The evening she asked us to go to the beach, she wanted to find a way to drown us while taking pictures by the waves; at least, accidents do happen!
Mother ignited the fire in Baba Onile’s house. She had come back later in the night, dissatisfied that her plan to drown us had failed. It was very easy for her since we lay parallel to an open window. Through the window, she had poured petrol and then thrown a lit matchstick on the bed. Father sensed it and was going to quench the fire when I woke up. He was the god of intuition, after all.
Her colleague only wants her money, not a relationship, as he made her believe. She is labouring under the illusion that he has invested all the funds she gave him in a fixed income instrument, which has accrued so much interest over the years. He has been spending the money for his personal use. He even buys gifts for Mother, who thinks he is spending from his pocket.
“I think it’s best we leave these kids alone,” which I overheard Mother say to her colleague, was actually misinterpreted by me. The ‘leave’ in the sentence wasn’t ‘to abandon’ as I thought. It meant: “spare their lives, let them live, leave them to be!”
Mother had refused by saying she can’t. She meant she couldn’t spare our lives because we are a part of hers. She had to kill us so our presence won’t keep reminding her of her guilt when she divorces Father and elopes with her colleague. She sees us as burdens, the ugly products of her dubious marriage, children of a filthy illiterate. She also fears that we might one day get to know the truth that our Father was a good man, but she married him for his money and duped him.
I misinterpreted what Uncle Kole inscribed on his tomb: “The Man Who Fought Till His Death.” I interpreted it by presuming the wrong preposition after ‘fought.’ It didn't mean ‘fought with.’ The preposition intended by Uncle Kole was ‘for.’ If he had written the full sentence, it would have read: “The Man Who Fought For His Children (The lives of his children) Till His Death.”
“It’s a real wicked world,” I find myself echoing the words of the old man. 
Suddenly, those pictures begin to fade. It gets to the extent that I can’t even see anything again, and it takes me some time to figure what is amiss. The unshed tears in my eyes have clouded my sight.
So Kofo and I were the children I saw the other day who are no one’s priority but think they are. What a life!
I wipe my tears and stare ahead to see more pictures, but all I see is the old man squatting with his palm around the bracelet.
“May I?” he lifts his head and asks.
Chapter Twelve
“Nooooo…” I burst out loudly. 
Why will I cut down the branch of the tree, upon which I sit?
Not knowing what next to do, I begin to run without even taking my lamp. Yes, I’m on my way home. I am not scared of the dark anymore; neither am I scared of being bitten by a reptile. Why should I? I have lived all my life with someone more dangerous than a cobra. I have lived in a house where there was light, yet I saw nothing but an illusion. Cold rage rises from deep within me, though I still don't know the best thing to do or say to Mother. I feel sharp thorns pierce viciously into my flesh as I tread along a narrow path that divided a long row of trees, but the pain I feel deep down, can’t be compared to it.
I’m home at last, hyperventilating and sweating profusely despite the cold weather. I bring out the key to open the door. This time, I do not open it with care as if I’m sneaking in. I head for Mother’s room; to my dismay, she isn’t there. I see only Kofo lying asleep, snoring noisily like her father.
Soft voices from the sitting room draw my attention. I hesitate a little. Yes, one was Mother’s and the other, Uncle Stanley’s; her self-proclaimed colleague. That means he came after I had left in the evening. He may have been coming that way long ago, and Kofo, who sleeps like a log, would not have noticed. I am sure she doesn't even know that Mother has left the bed.
“The funds are locked down in the investment, but I can give you about half a million when I receive my salary at month-end. At least that would suffice you to start up a small business in the meantime,” Uncle Stanley utters in a voice barely above a whisper.
Gently, I move closer to the sitting room and pause at a corner beside the entrance. The door is open, but the lights are out.
“This is seeming like an eternity. Will the time ever come when we’ll both live alone in our small world in Europe?” Mother wonders aloud.
Now I realize something is still amiss: how Father died from eating the food he brought us. I am confused. Mother’s voice cuts into my thoughts.
“Those die-hard kids of mine just spoilt my plan. They should have eaten that food, not Alabi. Tell me who wouldn’t concur that I made a perfect decision by divorcing a man that killed my beloved children—our children, and then you and I will start our beautiful journey without having any residue of my wasted years with him. Don’t you see how perfectly it would have worked?”
No wonder Mother was very broken when Father died because I kept wondering why she cried so hard. She didn’t cry because she loved him but because we had ruined her plans. Now she has to develop a new strategy that would give no one any reason to suspect her when she gets rid of us. I’m still confused—but it was Father who brought us the poisoned food; did he want to kill us? I saw nothing relating to this when I fell into the old man’s induced trance. Mother's voice echoes again.
“Honey, I’ve got other boys to dig that grave and destroy the bracelet. My boys are not co-operating at all; I think they are not interested in working for me anymore. I noticed their attitude after Alabi outsmarted them the other time by taking the children to his friend’s house when I paid them to get rid of the children. They fail to understand that once they have been able to destroy the bracelet, every other thing would come easy.”
I feel the urge to act fast; I want to act when the passion is burning in me. At the same time, I want to hear more from Mother, whom I once loved, because all these still come as a shock to me. I want to be sure that she portrays the character of who I saw in those scenes.
“But these kids aren’t just his. They are yours too, and I honestly don’t mind them being around. I think your idea of having them eliminated is extreme. Now, you made us lose their father in the process. You should have just had it my way: file a divorce suit against him, then we relocate with the children. If the court doesn’t grant you their custody, then we would gladly leave them with their father,” Uncle Stanley says.
Mother pauses a little before she answers in a defeated tone.
“Well, we both know that isn’t possible anymore; I still need to get rid of those kids. Remember, they’ll grow up someday if I leave them. What if they find out the truth?”
I decide to wake Kofo; this war is not mine alone to fight. She should be part of it.
Kofo keeps turning to the other side of the bed as I wake her, so I sprinkle some water on her face. It takes over five minutes to wake her, no exaggerating! She is startled by my appearance, and I calm her down, so she doesn’t exclaim.
“What’s going on? See your clothes, see your hands, see your face, your shoes…” she stares at me with mouth agape.
It is now I realize how terrible I look. I look at my reflection in the standing mirror; there are even bruises all over me. My white BYC shirt has turned brown; my tennis shoes look so filthy and stink like a wet dog. My hair seems like I haven’t combed it in weeks. Only my black pair of trousers is impeccable.
“I sneaked out again,” I tell her hurriedly.
“I did the other day, too. It wasn’t a nightmare. Do you remember that man? He revealed several things to me. Things aren’t the way we see them. Mother is…”
I try to give her a summary, but she’s eager to hear the full story. She keeps asking lots of questions, which I ignore. She will get the details later.
I ask if she’s aware that Uncle Stanley is around. She shakes her head. She claims to be sleepy already when she overheard Mother having a conversation with someone on the phone that suggested she was expecting them.
We both walk towards the sitting room and stand where I stood earlier.
“...I thought those children loved me enough to obey me. My attempt to talk them into accepting the food was futile. Even God seemed to be on my side because Alabi almost caught me when I poisoned it.”
My breath ceased!
“... he came to the sitting room here to get the package as soon as I finished. I was alone. He had dropped the package on that table and went to meet the kids in their room. His friend, who remained seated here, was called shortly after by a neighbour to move his car off the road. That presented a perfect opportunity for me.”
Kofo appears bewildered as she tries to process what she just heard. It’s one thing to hear about Mother’s evil intentions from me; its another to hear directly from the horse’s mouth. The rage burns wilder in me, but I still don’t know the best way to approach Mother. I’m afraid that if I go in to challenge her, I will explode to tears before I’m able to say any word. How do I handle this? She is someone I loved and trusted. It’s so hard to reconcile her with this monster I just discovered. Never in my life have I felt so betrayed. The coldness I feel on my cheeks makes me aware of my flowing tears. Again, I hear Mother’s voice.
“Why can’t you have unprotected sex with me? I can understand your earlier fears, but now, we shouldn’t be scared of making babies. At least Alabi is no more.”
“I know, but...”
“No ‘buts,’” Mother interrupts Uncle Stanley.
“Those kids are just the problem. If I could strangle them, I honestly will. They will never stop reminding me of their dirty father who...” her words begin to sink into whispers and further descends into moans; I know what is happening!
The moans get louder, and my blood fuses with rage. In my father’s sitting room, barely a week after she killed him! No, this can’t be happening.
I leave Kofo in her numb state with her face covered in her hands. Maybe she thinks she’s having a nightmare and wants to wake up from it. I head for the kitchen.
A knife? No. I won’t commit such a loathsome act as to kill my mother. There are things in life worse than death.
I leave the kitchen and exit the house through the back door. What I’m looking for, I really can’t say, but the whim seems to be directing me. From a guava tree, I cut two branches. I still don’t know what I want to do with them.
I go back to the house and enter the sitting room. Kofo comes in with me. They seem not to notice our entrance, so I switch on the light to rescue us from oblivion.
Uncle Stanley is faster than Mother. He quickly wraps a bed cover round himself while she remains in stark nudity. She is shocked to see us.
“Honestly, I can explain; please get me my clothes,” she says, pointing to her night robe that lay carelessly on the other end of the sitting room.
I find myself whipping her with one of those canes. I flog her so hard that she screams out aloud.
“This must be your Father’s handwork. He has finally succeeded in manipulating a rift between us. Let me explain...”
“Explain what?” I wail at her.
“Explain how you robbed him of everything he had when he lived? Explain the fact that you made us see a false picture of him? You robbed him of his wealth and name. You made us see his protection over us from your evil hands as sheer wickedness. You even went as far as poisoning the food he brought for us to make it appear like he wanted to kill us. Mother, you deceived us; you...”
Words start to pour out of me uncontrollably, and this makes me whip her harder. She screams louder, and Kofo stands deadpan as she watches me.
I suddenly realize Uncle Stanley is no more here. He must have escaped while I focused on Mother, and Kofo just allowed him to go like that! Imagine! Well, is he really to blame? He was only a benefactor of circumstances.
A strong hand grab me from behind and seize my cane. It is one of our neighbours. I turn around and see a small crowd of people; Kofo is narrating what happened. They watch Mother roll her naked body shamelessly on the rug. I look at the clock; it is some minutes to seven, and it’s bright already.
More people are coming in, and Mrs. Jimoh tells Kofo to give Mother her nightgown to wear.
“What!” I exclaim.
Her nudity is nothing compared to the shame she brought Father, nothing compared to the agony and trauma. She deserves no ounce of pity. Were you not there? Did you not see how she made us perceive Father? Not even Kofo and me alone, but every other person around. She pretended to be a saint; she…”
I burst into a fresh bout of tears.
“Mother, won’t you deny all the accusations placed on you by Bolaji?” Kofo pleads.
“Will you sit there just crying? Tell me they are all lies, and I’ll believe you.”
“I am very sorry, Kofo. You have to find a space in your heart to forgive me. It was after my marriage to your father that I realised I wasn’t in love with him.”
Mother’s voice meets deafening silence; everyone wants to hear what she has to say. She speaks on. 
“The marriage felt awkward, and I thought the best way was to leave, so I planned my exit strategy. I wanted to create a good motive to divorce your father. I also thought it would be somewhat unpleasant to have you in my new life. Then to achieve both, I thought I should…” She pauses and starts to sob. 
“Go on, we're listening,” Mrs. Jimoh commands.
Mother sobs a little more, then she continues in a tone lower than the former. 
“I thought I should kill you and make it seem he did. I regret all of my actions. I love you very much, believe me; I just thought I had no choice. I need your forgiveness. To err is human; to forgive...”
“Your error is inhuman, Mother, and to forgive you might even be sinful,” I cut in sharply.
“That doesn't apply here. What you did is beyond pardon. You’ll reap it. God will...” I wish to pour out all the words in my heart, but I can’t fight the urge to cry anymore.
“This life,” our psychic albino neighbour laments.
“It is quite unfortunate that I couldn’t see beyond what I saw. I could only see that the bracelet triggered the strange events in your home.”
She squints her eyes and points a finger to Mother. 
“You are a wicked woman. Have you no conscience that judges you at all? How did you feel, giving us all the false notion that their father was evil when you were the devil itself moulded in human form? You definitely can’t escape God’s wrath.”
“I don't know what came over me. Maybe I was possessed, but now I regret all my actions. Please forgive me,” Mother pleads as she shed those crocodile tears again. The tears she used to attract sympathy, tears that deceived us all along.
“Pretty face, ugly heart,” the woman spits out in disgust.
“Hmmm, if only the heart of a man could be read,” Mr. Jimoh wishes aloud. “Appearance is indeed deceptive.”
His wife is completely short of words. She keeps shaking her head in disbelief. All she’s able to mumble is a Yoruba phrase, ‘Oju l’ari.’
Although literally means “It is the eyes we see,” Ojulari connotes the human limitation to see what lies beneath the surface.
And that is my surname, Father’s last name.
Mother still sits naked on the rug, shedding tears. I look closely at her now and wonder how I ever did love her. There’s an unmistakable glint of mischief in her eyes; how did we miss that?
“Mother, I loved you, I really did. I squandered my affection on you, affection I should have given to Father,” Kofo admits, then she folds her hands feebly and turns to me.
“I’m so scared. This world doesn’t feel safe for me to live in any longer. If I could be deceived, be given a false picture of things, be deluded into thinking that the devil is a saint and the saint evil, by my own Mother whom I so much trusted, whom I lived with under the same roof for almost thirteen years, then tell me: how safe is life?”
I have no answer to her question, but I ruminate over what she said. She has a point, and I ask myself too, how safe is life?
I have lived with two masquerades for parents. I only saw masks instead of the real persons they were. Mother wore a mask on Father that made him appear evil, and upon her self, she wore that of a saint. I remember the old man’s illustration, where he described the human flesh as a kind of mask. It seems related to my current ordeal.
“Do you think I can ever trust anyone after this?” Kofo breaks my thoughts, my heart actually!
 “Mother appeared flawless. See those times we spoke ill of Father, she even condemned our act strictly saying he remains our father regardless of the situation, and we were bound to respect him.”
She is right; Mother gave no room for suspicion.
“I’m not even sure I can still trust you, Bolaji!” I find out Kofo is still talking. “I feel paranoid; I’m so scared and confused.”
“You can trust me, Kofo. You know you can,” I reassure her with a faint smile.
“You know how much I cherish you being my only sibling; much more now that you are all that I have in life.”
She chuckles before she responds.
“That can’t win me. I can’t be fooled by words again. We both know Mother said more than that.” 
Unsure of what to say next, I break down to tears for the umpteenth time. I’ve lost a father; I never had a mother, even though I thought I did. Now, I’m on the brink of losing the last thing I possess, my sister, the only blood I have left in this wicked world. She thinks I’m not worth her trust since the one she loved and trusted with all her heart turned out to be a snake under the grass.
The uproar in the house becomes thunderous. Several comments spring into the air.
“…I should have thought of this long ago; no wonder, I almost suspected.”
“…If I had known that man wasn’t her brother, I should have suspected. She once introduced him to me as her elder brother..”
It is after things have happened that people begin to read meanings to some actions.
Mother’s sight fuels the passion in me, but I try hard to be calm. She is still crying, and I tell you, if a stranger sees her tears, he’ll be forced to show her mercy. She now looks so irritating to me.
“I am leaving this house. I’ll rather live in the bush than to continue living with Mother under this roof,” Kofo says to no one in particular.
“You don’t even know your right,” Mr. Jimoh proclaims.
“Your father bought this house, and I guess this is his only surviving property. If anyone has to leave, then she has to be the one,” he declares, and everyone agrees unanimously.
“Please, don’t do this. I am still your mother, remember you have no one else,” she pleads in those deceitful tears.
I go into the store and bring out an old car battery. As I’m coming, everyone is scared and moves back. I threaten to pour the acid on her if she doesn’t leave. Immediately she opens the door and flees like an evil fairy. She sits at the entrance, and I tell her to go completely away from the vicinity. She begs me again, narrating how she carried me for nine months, but I shake my head defiantly.
“I have nowhere to go. Please just let me take my mobile so I can contact some friends. Let me wear…” 
I begin to unscrew the battery, and she takes to her heels. I watch her run down the street in her semi-nudity; passers-by stare at her as if she has gone mad.
Neighbours are leaving now, each giving us words of consolation. I overhear some of them mention that they are late for work already. What work? I hope the Labour Congress has not called off the labour strike.
Mrs. Jimoh, and a few others, promise to check on us later in the day.
Kofo and I are now alone, and there’s a rather disturbing silence. Kofo looks paranoid and confused; I wonder what is running through her mind. I want to break the silence but can’t find the right words.
“I’m not even sure I can still trust you,” she has said in her words.
Well, if that is how she chooses to move on, I’m afraid there’s little I can do about it. After all, I can’t force her to trust me.
Suddenly, I remember a song. We composed it last year. We both love it and have sung it together on many occasions. It is a song talking about trust, the importance of trusting someone if one really must go on in life. In the softest tone I can, I begin to sing it.
This song is all that wins Kofo. She steals a glance at me with moist eyes, but I keep on singing without pausing. She then stands up to hug me where I sit, defying my unkempt look, and in my arms, she releases her tears.
I hug her too and wipe her tears.
“How could I ever have said those things to you?” she asks regretfully. “I’ll always love and trust you. I will never leave you alone, if not for anything but at least, for Father’s sake.”
Chapter Thirteen
“Tell me more about that old man,” Kofo pleads.
It’s past ten, and we’ve both showered. Although we are starving, we are scared to taste anything in the house, even water. 
I begin to tell her all the old man told me, and I suddenly remember my promise to him. I tell Kofo about the price less than nothing. I also narrate the parable of Man, Nature, and Sleep.
Though he hasn’t helped me in taking off the bracelet, he has done something beyond it; he has unravelled my deep family puzzle. He made me aware of my misconceptions by lending me a third eye to see beyond the unmistakable.
“I have to go back there to see the old man. I’ve made a promise that I must fulfil.” I jump swiftly out of bed and adjust my collar.
“Please, may I come with you? I can’t stay alone,” Kofo pleads again, looking straight into my eyes.
In times like these, she always looks so pitiful that even the hardest of hearts will find her charm irresistible.
“Why not,” I respond, and she looks at me confused, wondering whether I responded to the latter or the former.
I reach out for her hand and pull her up the bed; I think I hear her thank me.
We are on our way to Uncle Kole’s Land, and the sun shines mercilessly upon us. We walk on in silence; our feet keep hitting against hard rocks, and we move on slowly, completely exhausted.
“Are we close?” Kofo keeps demanding at short intervals. Now, I wish I didn’t let her come with me.
We are finally here, and we proceed to Father’s grave with dizzy eyes. I see the old man still by the grave, squatting with his hand curved around the bracelet on Father’s decaying arm that lay on the ground. Kofo stays behind, and I walk up to him. I’m sweating profusely, and my throat feels dry. It seems I haven’t had water in a long time.
“Baba,” I say as I walk up to him, wearily.
“Let’s leave the bracelet and return the arm; I have changed my mind.”
He looks up to me and shakes his head. Kofo is already behind me, holding my right upper arm with both hands and acting paranoid.
From a direction I can not fathom, I begin to hear a familiar voice; Father’s voice! I turn to Kofo, and she meets my gaze with a brisk nod to indicate she can also hear.
“Destroy it if you want for your safety does not depend on it; it never did. When I had the bracelet, I thought I had everything; all the power in life. Then I forgot to serve the Almighty; I forgot to serve God. I stayed so far from him, believing I wore the supreme protection on my wrist. Can’t you both see? The bracelet, on many occasions, failed. When I was about to marry the devil itself, it gave me no sign. When my properties were about to be stolen by the perpetrator, it neither warned me nor made me suspect my dear wife. It couldn’t make you believe I loved you, but your mother was the evil one. Even when I wanted to eat the food that I brought you, it showed me no sign of poison; it couldn’t make me live. Everything disappoints, my children; everyone fails, but God never fails. The bracelet can’t in any way protect you. Go home and trust God. No harm shall come to you except by His permission.”
The voice recedes.
I look at Kofo and then the old man. He is on his feet now, but the decaying arm still lay on the ground.
“Can you now see that great things lie beyond the apparent; that which the human eye can see? One has to tread softly on the paths of life. When I tell you it’s a wicked world, do you now understand what I mean?” the old man asks.
At my affirmative nod, he continues.
“There are times in life you delight yourself in thinking you’re on a gold paved floor when really, you’re treading on the skin of cobras.”
I shudder reflexively.
“Be careful when next you see a sheep, you might just be staring a wolf in the eyes! Keep your eyes wide open in life, or else, you will miss your steps and fall. Amongst you are saints and devils. You have to be very careful not to mistake one for the other, for that is the greatest mistake a man can ever make. Now, you both have each other, and that is all you have in life. Love and trust each other. In times of need, help each other and never forget to pray for God’s mercies.”
He pauses for a while. Now, his expression becomes wistful.
“You have to forgive your mother. It may be difficult, but forgiveness is not just the way of the Lord; it is also an essential part of moving on. Forgive her, not necessarily because she deserves it but because you deserve to be free!”
“I don’t know how much to thank you, Baba. You’ve helped me out of my problems. Now, I’ve come to pay that price; the price less than nothing. I’ve come to put things in their places on your farm. How do I start?”
He smiles proudly at me.
“My son, you’ve done it. You have paid the price already.”
I look at him, surprised and confused. I turn towards Kofo, and her eyes meet my gaze.
“I’ve been nowhere; I’m just coming from my house. Kofo, say something. Don’t just…” the angst in my voice is unmistakable.
“That is my farm,” the old man retorts.
“My erstwhile scattered farm. You have changed the false notion people had; in your heart and your sister’s, you have put your parents in their places. That is all I asked for.”
Kofo finds her voice before me.
“Please shed more light on your words. We are confused. Are you saying our house is some farm where...”
He stifles a tear and interrupts Kofo with his agony-filled voice.
“I am your father!” 
We jump with fear at this startling revelation, and as he speaks, the decaying left arm on the ground sticks to his shoulder, his beards disappear, so does the hair on his body, his blind eye opens, and a nose appears above his lips. Yes, it’s Father; he disguised himself.
“Father!” we scream simultaneously.
He looks at us with emotionally laden eyes.
“If not for your mother, I would have lived to father you.”
I look at Kofo as it dawns on me. That was the complete sentence he intended to make before death grabbed him after eating the poisoned rice. We move forward to embrace him, but as we do, we find out we are only hugging the thin air.
He has vanished!
“Look at the bracelet, Bolaji! He took it off his wrist,” Kofo cries out as she spots the ornament on the ground.
We give it a long stare and agree we take it home, not for protection but to use in remembering Father. I pick up the bracelet and put it in my pocket.
“Let’s wait for a little while; he might come back,” Kofo begs.
“He can now rest in peace. He has accomplished his mission. Life must go on, Kofo; let’s move on...”
A loud clap of thunder interrupts me, and a strong gust of wind circles us. The sun has disappeared behind a cloud; it’s now very dark. As I feel the distinct chill in the air, a sudden shiver overtakes me.
I urge Kofo to let’s hurry ahead of the rain.
We begin to walk home. We try to walk fast, but our legs are weary. The wind blows hard, and the sand beats our bodies. We trudge slowly along the dark muddy path illuminated periodically by strikes of lightning, and the thunder continues to growl a deep rumbling warning.
We are near the shed I stayed with the old man (Father) when it rained last night. The skies open, and the rain pours with rage.
I grab Kofo’s hand, and we rush under the shed. I show her the tree where I saw those kids who are no one’s priority. I remember waking up to see the old man cry. All that was cryptic to me now becomes clear. So the yams he spoke of in his parable were his properties; Mother was the thief. I tell Kofo of the seedlings in the nursery. We are the seedlings. Father represents the sun and Mother, the rain; the rain that is out to destroy!
Although the sound of raindrops on the shed gives a soothing relief, the thought of having to forgive Mother fills me with bitterness.
I reflect on what I have been through in just two nights. Maybe if Mother had known that my encounter with a strange old man in the bush wasn’t unreal as I intimated, she would have suspected it was Father, hence monitored me closely to ensure I do not sneak out again. No wonder he told me to tell no adult; he didn’t want her to be aware.
It stops raining, and I look at Kofo; she is asleep. I tap her gently to wake her.
“Did you see images on that screen while you slept?” I ask jeeringly, pointing to the palm tree on whose bark the revealing vision formed last night.
Kofo looks at me, and for the first time that day, she chuckles.
“Bolaji, you’re not serious.”
We stand up, stretching our bones wearily, and head for home.
Under a mango tree, near the junction of our house, sits Mother. Her beautiful face looks tarnished. She is now wearing a faded oversized ‘Guinea Kaftan,’ and I’m wondering who gave it to her. The weave-on attached to her hair has tangled, and she looks crazy. I am wondering if she was stoned because I see fresh sores on her face. She is still shedding those tears. As we walk past her, she looks up and calls our names. I struggle to resist the temptation of pouring sand into her eyes.
We get home, and I realize its two o’clock already. Kofo goes straight to bed while I remain in the sitting room, thinking of how we will survive. I fall asleep on the couch shortly after, then a knock at the door wakes me up; it’s sunset already. I stand up to get the door, praying silently in me that it’s not Mother. I’m scared I may be tempted to take another drastic action on her, which I may not be able to resist. Though Father has preached the need to forgive her, I think I need a bit of time.
I open the door. It is Mr. and Mrs. Jimoh.
“So how are you both? Have you had anything to eat?” Mrs. Jimoh asks with concern in her eyes.
Kofo is now here with me. We both force out smiles, looking at each other, and wondering whether to answer yes or no.
“We’ll get something to eat,” I murmur.
Mr. Jimoh exclaims. “You better do so quickly.”
“So, where do you go from here? Any ideas yet?” he asks me specifically.
“We’ll try to contact Mama and Uncle Kole. We don’t know where they live, but Baba Onile should be able to help.”
Mr. Jimoh nods in agreement.
“You should do that fast. Make it tomorrow, if possible, so you can get on with life, resume school, and get settled. I hope you are aware the warning strike is over, and everyone is back to work.”
Instantly, I remember my clearance form. Today is Thursday, and the Physics teacher would have travelled, according to Charles. She may have gone to school before travelling and signed for those present. Well, I refuse to be bothered. The announced duration for the strike was ten days; I wonder why it lasted just a day.
“Hold this for petty expenses,” Mr. Jimoh says as he stretches five wads of One Thousand Naira notes to me.
Mrs. Jimoh takes a deep breath and lets it out noisily. She still seems bewildered by the whole discovery.
“Take care of yourselves, and make sure you get something to eat right away. We will check on you tomorrow,” Mrs. Jimoh advises, and we thank the couple.
Kofo is ready to fly to the canteen immediately after them, but I think we should hold on for a while to give them time to settle in their house. I won’t like them to see us going to eat, so they won’t confirm we had nothing and would have stayed that way if they hadn’t given us money. We go to eat at half-past seven and come back satisfied.
The thoughts of where we would go from here weighed heavily on our minds. Tomorrow will be a long day; we both deliberate on the planning. We’ll go as early as we can to Baba Onile’s house, explain all that happened, and how we have come to realize the truth. Afterwards, we shall beg him to take us to Mama or Uncle Kole’s house. I think of the financial burden we are likely to become. Mama is old and fragile, Uncle Kole has his own family to cater for, and Baba Onile is struggling too. I’m sure neither of the three would reject us, anyway. We may only need to adjust our standard of living.
I think of our future, and I look at Kofo, who seems consumed in her thoughts too.
I raise my gaze and see Mother staring fixedly at me from her photograph; I think of breaking it. I remove the picture in the frame and shred it. Now I stare at the empty frame; of what use can it be?
An idea suddenly springs into my mind. I have a passion for putting my thoughts upon paper. I will compose an elegy for Father and hang it below the epitaph Uncle Kole wrote. I tell Kofo about my plan, and she is happy with it. I tear a plain sheet from an old drawing book and cut it into the size of the frame. I get a black marker to write. After writing the first two lines, power fails. I wake Kofo, who has slept off on the long couch, so we can go to sleep in the room and decide to continue when they restore power.
Chapter Fourteen
“Wake up, Bolaji. It’s past ten,” Kofo’s sharp voice penetrates deeply into my sleep.
I swipe my face and see it’s bright already. Though I slept a bit late, I didn’t expect to sleep so deep into dawn.
We shower in turns and in no time, are ready to eat breakfast at the canteen. From there, we’ll go to Father’s grave to post the elegy, after which we will head down to Baba Onile’s house.
Just as we are preparing to leave, someone knocks at the door. It’s a Courier—a letter addressed to the Ojularis! I sign, and he hands it over to me. Who on earth can it be? I unseal it eagerly and open it wide for us to read. I run a glance at the bottom.
It is signed by Mother’s colleague, Uncle Stanley! It reads:

Dear Kids,

I am deeply sorry for whatever role I must have played in contributing to the present condition of your home. My wife and I contracted HIV, which led to my burning urge to struggle for survival no matter the means. We needed to regularly buy antiretroviral drugs to prevent the deadly virus from developing to AIDS, and this was far beyond my means. That was when I met your mother.
Your mother was a smart woman; I never imagined she would be caught. The unusual thing about her is that bad as she was, she still cared so much about “what people will say.” When I told her to walk out of the marriage with you both, she said people would say she divorced your father when the chips were down, after she has enjoyed his good old days of affluence. She wanted people to speak well of her; she wanted to win their hearts. She wanted to have a good reason to divorce your father, which was killing both of you and pinning it on him. She regarded you as products of her ugly marriage and wasn’t willing to drag you along into her new life. I saw her as a godsend.
Kindly accept the enclosed token; it’s only a fraction of your father’s money. Though I have various investments that yield interest quarterly, I’m afraid this is all I’m able to afford for now. It may take a while, but I will make it a routine to always render financial support towards you because I benefited from your loss (your father’s loss) and can’t in good conscience leave you to suffer.
Please try not to see me as a bad man. I never walked up to your mother; the reverse was the case. I never demanded her husband’s money. She gave it to me willingly, even though I wasn’t utilizing it as planned. It was to be saved for our future, which she imagined in her heart.
And one more thing: I couldn’t have stopped all these from happening even if I had declined. Your mother was so desperate; she would have found someone else.

Yours Faithfully,
Uncle Stanley

I reach for the envelope and peer through the opening. There is another paper enclosed in it. I bring it out for us to see clearly; it is a cheque! A cheque of One Million, Five Hundred Thousand Naira!
We are surprised as this is the least we expect to happen. Kofo drives back my attention to Uncle Stanley’s statement about being HIV positive, and we go back to read that line again. Now, I remember Mother telling him yesterday that it was needless for him to use a dab; I remember his hesitation.
“Does that mean Mother could be HIV positive now?” Kofo asks in a voice barely above a whisper.
I don’t know what to say, but my silence says a lot.
I keep the cheque back into the envelope with the letter and put it in my pocket. Kofo scribbles a note for Mrs. Jimoh, who has left for work, to intimate her about Uncle Stanley’s message and also inform her that we are going to Baba Onile’s house. We drop the note for her maid, and our house keys too in case Mother decides to come home.
We eat breakfast at the canteen before proceeding to the grave. We should have boarded a bus on the main road, but I feel like walking Kofo through the bush path. I want to reminisce about the times I walked and chatted with the old man—Father.
Kofo holds the picture frame that has the elegy in it. We woke up some minutes past midnight to complete the poem. It has four stanzas. I composed the first three while Kofo composed the last.
We get to Father’s grave, and I bring out a nail from my back pocket. Using a stone I picked from the ground, I force it into the plastered wall of his tomb below the epitaph Uncle Kole wrote: “The Man Who Fought Till His Death.”
I hang the frame, and we read the poem for the umpteenth time.

How choking the truth is,
The truth that laid hidden for years;
The truth that sent us breathless!
Really, those things as we thought weren't there,
But somehow, we saw them!

How cruel life was to you, 
Even those you fought for saw you as evil,
They suffered from a chronic myopia!
Now, we send you all our love you missed, 
Six feet below to meet you there.

A new home we shall have, 
On our way to your friend’s house we are.
He will, together with your only brother,
Be our own made father.
Your dear mother shall be ours.

And should on a bright early morn,
When man to the challenge of a new day rises;
God into you breathes a new life,
Please remember these last words of mine;
Remember to come back home.

We leave the grave and walk towards home. When we get out of the bush path to the main road, we will board a bike to Baba Onile’s house. I can figure the way to his house; thank God I am good with roads. Well, maybe not when it's dark.
We walk on slowly in silence, and my mind wanders again. I wonder where Mother is now because she is not under the tree we saw her yesterday. I kept thinking she would come knocking at the door later in the evening to spend the night. It might have been hard to send her back into the dark; It might have been even harder to allow her into the house. We will still cross that challenging hurdle of forgiveness, but our priority now is to settle scores with Father’s family. I am sure she still believes that Uncle Stanley truly loves her and will be expecting him to come back for her—or has he? I know as soon as Mrs. Jimoh reads my note, the news of her possibility of having contracted HIV will spread around town, and it may likely reach her too. Now, she has no family, no friends, no money and a deadly virus possibly lives in her.
The old man (Father) has said that everyone is satisfied in seeing the obvious alone, but is that really true? No, we are not satisfied; we only can’t help it. It is only those things a man shows of himself that one sees. Not just his physical appearance but what he makes one see generally. It includes what he does, the way he does it, what he says, and how it is said.
Mother never showed us who she was. She gave us a false picture of herself, and we believed what we saw. That seems to be the only way a man’s character can be defined. After all, we can’t judge the unseen. I can’t begin to suspect everyone in life. If I see a man who appears so pleasant, and I think otherwise of him, how sure am I that he is hiding behind a mask? Also, if I see a dirty old hag who appears evil and I move close to her, thinking she might be a saint, am I certain her appearance doesn’t reflect her real being?
I make up my mind to be careful in life though I have no choice than to continue living by this philosophy of mine: Judge people by what you see—and leave the rest to God.
　　
　　###
About the Author
Opeyemi Ojomu is a deep thinker with an odd interest in the paranormal. When she’s not eating cakes, licking ice cream, or surfing the internet on tips that could aid her weight loss journey, she is probably putting her weird thoughts on paper. She developed a flair for writing at an early age but still went ahead to obtain a degree in Pure Physics at the University of Lagos.

Having her vast work experience in Customer Service, Opeyemi is also working on her next book, a semi-fictional novel titled “Memoirs of a Customer Service Representative and More,” which promises to be intriguing too. Read her Interview at https://www.smashwords.com/interview/yemoj
　　
　　
Connect With Me
Thank you for reading my book, but please, don’t let our relationship here. Here are my social media coordinates:
Friend me on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/ojomu.r.opeyemi
Follow me on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/yemoj2000/
Follow me on Twitter:  https://twitter.com/crayzietots
Connect on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ojomu-opeyemi-04956026
Subscribe to my blog:  https://yemoj2000.blogspot.com/

