
Bella
Fortitude, Born out of adversity.

Copyright 2021 Barrel Coops
Published by Barrel Coops at Smashwords


Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is dedicated to my daughter, Bella, who inspired me to pick up my pen again.
Table of Contents
Chapter One.
The Pain.
Chapter Two.
Mathew.
Chapter Three.
Alex.
Chapter Four.
Rachel.
Chapter Five.
Brenda.
Chapter Six.
Sunday, five days earlier.
Chapter Seven.
The knowledge.
Chapter Eight.
Don’s eyes are opened.
Chapter Nine.
Shock and awe.
Chapter Ten.
Memories.
Chapter Eleven.
Three days earlier – Packing day.
Chapter Twelve.
Three days earlier – Don.
Chapter Thirteen.
Two days earlier – The Silence.
Chapter fourteen.
Thursday - Robert’s day out.
Chapter Fifteen.
Bella – Present day - Flames all around.
Chapter Sixteen.
Present day – Matt – Father is missing.
Chapter Seventeen.
Don – Earlier that Day.
Chapter Eighteen.
Rachel – Trapped in a metal box.
Chapter Nineteen.
Brenda – Rivers of blood.
Chapter Twenty.
Don – An Arduous Journey.
Chapter Twenty-One.
Bella – Bella’s embarrassment.
Chapter Twenty-Two.
All Hands-on deck.
Chapter Twenty-Three.
Daz – The Railway Station.
Chapter Twenty-Four.
Bella – Extra Baggage.
Chapter Twenty-Five.
Daz – The heat is on.
Chapter Twenty-Six.
Leaving it all behind.
Chapter Twenty-Seven.
A Long short walk.
Chapter Twenty-Eight.
Where are the van keys?
Chapter Twenty-Nine.
Alex - trapped in the pit.
Chapter Thirty.
Rachel – Hunted.
Chapter Thirty-One.
Conflict at the Lock.
Chapter Thirty-Two.
Shot in the leg.
Chapter Thirty-Three.
Awoke to gunfire.
Chapter Thirty-Four.
Alex – Precarious Moments.
Chapter Thirty-Five.
The road worrier.
Chapter Thirty-Six.
Alex – Escape from the City.
Chapter Thirty-Seven.
Bella - Running the Gauntlet.
Chapter Thirty-Eight.
Alex – The body.
Chapter Thirty-Nine.
El Gordo – Home Alone.
Chapter Forty.
Bobby – Granny and the Fire.
Chapter Forty-One.
Bella – The Land Rover.
Chapter Forty-Two.
Alex – The learning curve.
Chapter Forty-Three.
Bella – Bullets Fly.
Chapter Forty-Four.
Bury the Dead.
Chapter Forty-Five.
They Journey On.
Chapter Forty-Six.
Alex – They Pushed on through the Day.
Chapter Forty-Seven.
Reunion.
Chapter One.
The Pain.
She was sweating hard after her one-hour session fencing training. As she entered the changing room, she looked around to make sure it was empty. Bella had been bullied for more than a year now by two girls in her year. Even though she was only thirteen years old, she had been moved up a year as she was well above her peers, getting A plus in most of her subjects, along with being an all-round sports person, having attained northeast champion in archery and runner-up in the northeast fencing competition. This made her stand out and made her unpopular with some of her classmates. It did not help that she was a bit of a loner, alongside fellow geek Mathew, or Matt, as he preferred to be called. Now he was a real geek, photographic memory, and the intellect to go with it. Matt was a year older than her, but they still got on well. It was not any sort of love match, simply good friends who had things in common. They were always playing Fortnite together. They were also both artistic and liked to draw their favourite game characters. The only difference between Bella and Matt was Bella was into Japanese art and Matt was into the robot soldier genre.
Bella made her way to the end cubicle and turned on the shower tap. It always took ages to warm up, but it would give her time to get out of her fencing gear and get her clothes ready for when she finished her shower for a quick getaway. She checked again; the changing rooms were still empty. She then finished undressing after checking her phone for messages. She was waiting for a call from her father as he was at her grandparents' with her brother Bobby, but there were no messages. He knew she would be at school late fencing, so would ring later. Bella grabbed her towel, leaving it on the nearby bench next to the shower cubicle, and climbed under the still chilled stream; it felt invigorating, the water not fully warmed up just yet. She was not worried about that as she was still warm from her fencing training with Mr Crabs, the fencing teacher. He came into the school twice a week to train with her; they were working towards an entry into the commonwealth games next year. She had just two more local and national competitions that she needed ideally to win to get a place, even second in the nationals stood her a good chance of getting the reserve spot.
The water had warmed up now, and she soaped herself-down; it felt good with the water streaming over her body. She did not really want to get out but knew she should. She started rinsing herself off when she felt a burning pain in her back. She turned to be confronted with Jill and Mandy, her two tormenting school bullies. Before she could do anything, another blow came, this time to her stomach. Jill had a bar of soap wrapped in a towel and was swinging it. Bella ducked, lost her footing, and landed heavily on the shower floor. Mandy had a towel she had wet, which she was using as a whip, stinging her now folded arms. The soap fell from the towel and as Jill bent to pick it up, Bella managed to get to her feet. Jill was twisting the towel back up after replacing the soap, as Bella lifted her hands, stretching her arms out, hoping to catch the towel as Jill swung it. Just then, the fluorescent tube exploded with a shower of sparks, then another, and another - they were popping all around. Bella remembered something from an anime film Matt and she were watching last night. Like a female superhero with the power to make everything explode, Bella shouted the words from the film.
“Out or you are next!”
Jill and Mandy looked at each other as the hand dryer burst into flames. They looked stunned, staring at Bella as she twisted her fingers in the air. The tubular heaters blasted from the wall, the two bullies gulping in astonishment - they did not have to be told twice as they left as fast as their feet could carry them, screaming.
“She is a witch, a demon, let’s get out of here.” Mandy said.
Bella was not sure what had happened. She knew it was not her that had caused it, which made her worry as to what did. It was almost completely dark in the changing room - the windows had been spray-painted after they caught a boy up on a ladder outside with another boy at the bottom who had been selling peeping slots through the window. The headmaster had made a comment which had been overheard by Matt.
“That Andrew will be a very successful entrepreneur one day,”
She groped in the dark and made her way back to her locker, luckily not stepping on any glass . She managed to find the clothes she left out ready, grabbing the rest of her things, and made her way to the toilets at the back in case Jill and Mandy found their backbones and returned. After drying herself, she got dressed, putting on her heavy boots rather than her school shoes, just in case she had any running to do. She packed her fencing equipment into her rucksack, all except the fencing foil that she returned to the locker, which she locked before leaving.
Bella rubbed her forehead as she started sweating again, this time not from heat but trepidation. Would Jill and Mandy be waiting for her outside the door? The school should have been all but empty by then, no one would see if they intended to attack her. Her kidneys we still hurting from the blow to her back, she did not want any more pain. She was starting to feel sick, physically sick; should she wait it out? Should she try going through the sports hall, though she knew the door out of there would be locked. Even still, that was the better option, at least with the small, wired glass window she could look beyond the room into the hallway to see if anyone was waiting for her, see if the coast was clear.
Bella checked around her as she made her way to the sports hall door, crunching through glass from the lights all over the floor. She opened the door carefully and peered out – nothing. It was clear. Making her way down the dark hall with her hands, feeling their way along the wall, it seemed a lot longer than she had anticipated in the pitch dark. Opening the door at the end of the hallway, she peered in. It was bright, taking her by surprise; the sun streamed in through the windows, the sports hall felt like it was made of glass, the big windows high up on walls.
After getting her eyes used to the light, she checked around. It was empty. Her heavy boots echoed as she stepped out onto the wooden parquet flooring. Her bare legs sticking out of her school skirt and her Doc Martens seemed a little out of place, but to hell with that. It was not fashion that she was thinking about. Practicality was the order of the day. Then she noticed it – first, the glass all over the floor, then the smoke, and finally the flames. The ceiling was on fire high above her, but the fire alarm had not gone off. Nobody was any the wiser. Bits of flaming debris were falling to the floor. She wondered if she could make it to the door at the other end without getting burnt; it wasn’t that bad at the moment; she had to try or chance going back through the changing rooms, where she may end up being ambushed by Jill and Mandy once again.
Gritting her teeth, she made a dash for the double doors at the other end of the hall, intending to just crash through them. To hell with getting told off by any teachers, after all the sports hall was on fire, they would be more worried about that than someone using the wrong door. She crashed into the doors and bounced back, landing on her butt. They were locked. Now she had no choice. She quickly got up as the flames were getting worse at the other end of the hall, the door to the changing room would soon not be an option. Now on her feet, she dashed back through the door into the dark corridor, in her panicking and rushing catching her ribs on a cupboard door handle, making her wince and taking her breath away. She could not worry about that now, the bruises were starting to mount up, maybe she would get out, the bullies may have gone home by now she hoped. Reaching the door to the changing room, she was about to open it, but the door was hot, why? About to open it she changed her mind.
“Stop, think,” she said to herself, “it’s hot. Is there a fire in there as well?” She had to assume there was. If she opened the door and there was, she would get hit with a wall of flames. She put her hand on the door again. “Wow,” she said, “that’s naffing hot”.
Then it dawned on her, she was trapped. She was going to burn to death because she did not have the guts to stand up against Jill and Mandy. She screamed at the top of her voice, not that anyone would hear, just out of frustration.
“I I-I-I have to get back to the other door before it’s too late, then get to the double doors and attract someone’s attention. That’s a plan,” she muttered to herself. She burst back into the sports hall, now more flames than before, managing to avoid the pieces falling from the ceiling as she reached the other side of the hall and stared through the small window. There was no one there, not even a sound other than the loud crackling now coming from the burning ceiling. The smoke was drifting down, and she started coughing. This was the end, she thought, all her plans gone. Why had she even come to school today? She could have gone to her grandparents’ today. Her thoughts trailed off as she thought of her baby brother.
Chapter Two.
Mathew.
Mathew was in the basement of his house, his playroom and secure space. He was playing a DVD game as the internet was still off, when it dawned on him that it was almost six o’clock and he had wanted to be finished with his chores before Bella came over at half seven. She had wanted to do ‘some stuff at home’, as she put it, before coming over. She would have finished her after school fencing practice by now and would be back soon. Saving his game before unplugging everything, he went to the bathroom. He was not going to stink it out like he had done once at Bella’s, he did not want to remind her. Her father had taken great delight in making fun of him for the whole week after, about it. He hated his body some days. The bathroom would have cleared by the time she got there anyway. Bella was going to make them something to eat once she got there. He liked being around her even if he could not tell her how he felt about her; he knew how she felt about boys and relationships. She had plans with her sports, Bella wanted to go to the commonwealth games, even the Olympics one day maybe, depending on how tomorrow went. Anyway, he thought, such a beautiful girl would never look at a spotty, skinny teenager such as him, with his goofy teeth and big ears – not in the way he wanted, at least. Where Bella was beautiful, perfect and taller than him by four inches, slim but still athletic, with a face that would make even the sourest lemon smile.
He decided he would meet her at her place, in case she needed a hand. It would take him just a few moments to walk next door, so he decided he would get the last few things ready for their trip before his father returned.
“Now, what was it that I’m doing this weekend,” he asked himself, “Hm… ah I know,” he said out loud. “I will spend what time I can with Bella playing Fortnite, same as usual for a change.” If only he could, it would be a lot easier. After packing the last few bits, which did not take long, he went back downstairs to the kitchen; he had spotted the washing up his father had left. It was his turn to do it, he had resolved to get it done and out of the way to save any arguments later.
He went back to the bedroom to apply the cream to his spots and a quick read of his comic, or that is what his dad called them. They were magazines, Matt would exclaim, PC Gamer is not a comic, he would say, but his dad always had an argument to come back with, such as ‘Super Mario, what is that if not a comic?’ Matt knew he could not win that argument no matter what he said, so never tried. He put his magazines away and was coming out of his room to go to the bathroom to clean his teeth when he heard it, a crackling sound, then something that sounded like a snake, followed by popping. It was coming from outside, but also coming from inside at the same time. He could not pinpoint it until he looked out the landing window. Sparks flying everywhere from the power lines. He ran down the stairs when he heard something coming from the kitchen, a crackling sound. He saw a shadow. Something moved in the kitchen, a torch, a light. He was not sure what it was. He hesitated. If someone was in there, could he do anything? He reached for his phone when he remembered it was not working; the service was still down. He looked for the first thing that he could use as a weapon, a small green fire extinguisher his father had bought for the car. It was heavy enough, he thought.
He moved through the dining room, past the table and up against the wall by the door. He was not sure he could do this. His hands were trembling. Hell, his whole body was trembling. He could feel his heart beating, adrenaline coursed through his body, fear growing, what would come next? He was glad he had been to the bathroom earlier with the problem with his guts, or he might have had something else to deal with. Just then, there was a crashing sound. He decided to run in with the extinguisher held high screaming at the top of his voice, but at the last minute hesitated. He was terrified; he felt inadequate. “I can do this, I can do this, I can, I can,” he kept saying under his breath.
Then the cracking sound started again, louder this time. It sounded like someone braking sticks. Before he knew it, he was rushing in screaming as loud as he could to find that he had brought the right weapon after all, as when he opened his eyes, he saw what he was faced with. The kitchen was on fire.
Chapter Three.
Alex.
Alex was doing overtime as usual, working in the repair shop of the council depot, fixing a snow plough with a broken part. He had been at it for hours and still had hours to go. He had moved there from Scotland, where he had been staying with his uncle after his parents were killed in an accident a year earlier. There were no jobs in the area he was living, and he was not going to keep taking handouts from his uncle. His uncle lived an almost off grid existence on an island on Loch Loman. It was a croft that included an old lighthouse he had restored over many years. His uncle Max had never had children, his wife had died young, and he could never envisage himself with anyone else. His uncle had spent most of his life in the shipyards on the River Tyne as a fabricator welder all his working life, until they closed the yard. His uncle had a good redundancy package that he invested in many things, to great success, increasing it enough he could buy his croft and still live comfortably even if he never worked again.
Alex cursed as the spanner slipped once again, rattling his knuckles against the truck. He was working in the old inspection pit as it was safer than that old creaky four post lift over the old pit. It needed replacing; it had a habit of creeping down while you were working. The new electronic safety locks were not solving the problem, so when he was working alone, he preferred the pit. They had to stop using the pit, something about fumes getting trapped in it, they could be dangerous. As it was not a petrol vehicle and the engine would not be running, he felt safer than working on something, that if failed, would drop and kill him. Alex knew where he was a lot safer. The only problem was under this track snow plough he needed to use the lift to get in and out of the pit.
“Here we go,” he muttered to himself, time for a cup of tea and a short toilet break.” He looked at himself in the mirror as he washed his hands, he hated rubber gloves, but it meant he had to wash his hands before and then after his relieving himself. He could see what he expected, his bright red hair was black from the continual dripping of oil from the truck, black streaks on what his uncle called his ‘striking good looks.’ His bright blue eyes were bloodshot from getting all the crap in them, and he needed a shave but maybe he would regrow his beard again, or maybe not, it would get just as oily as his hair.
The cup of tea and sandwiches he brought with him went down well and he was ready to finish the heap of antique metal junk, then he could go home for a well-deserved shower and a little sleep before doing it all over again. Why he agreed to work on a Saturday he could not fathom, but he did, as well as agreeing to work on that other antique, the road sweeper. I bet they never pressure washed that either, he thought. At least the overtime would be handy, he could now afford the case for his compound crossbow, and he would get some crossbow bolts when he got paid - hunting ones - he had plenty of target ones for now. That gave him an idea, for the next hour he would use the lathe to make some points, the stems and flight he could make from dowels and crow or chicken feathers. He had been doing it all his time with his uncle, the points were always the problem, pointed weighted tips always made the difference to speed and accuracy. It was just gone five, everyone had gone for the weekend, he had the place to himself. An hour doing the points, two hours on the truck, he could be home by eight thirty, he had his bike, and the streets would be quiet. Alex lived on the other side of Leeds and could cycle it in half an hour easily.
He went down the scrap metal bin and found plenty of offcuts of thick brass rod. After starting the lathe, he pared all the pieces down to the right diameter, added a point to each, turned them around and bored a hole in the other end. After making thirty, he put them in his bag and cleaned off the lathe, putting the tools back where he found them. After raising the lift that had crept all the way down in under an hour, he crawled back in the pit and started removing the last of the bolts from the diff. At least if he got it off, he would have the place to himself tomorrow to fix it, hopefully it would go back together easier than it was taking it out.
The last prop shaft bolt took ages to remove, but it was now out. The diff itself was a lot easier, probably because of all the surrounding oil. No more scuffed knuckles, at least. Then he manoeuvred the cradle onto the jack and dragged it along with its supporting base under the diff and jacked until it was supporting the weight. After removing the last two bolts, which were now only finger tight, he rattled the diff until it came loose and the total weight was supported by the jack, then lowered it.
Alex reached for the lift button cable and lifted the truck high enough to slide the jack and diff out from under, away from the lift base. After wiping his tools down and returning them to the toolbox, he slid it out the other end and pushed hard so it would be away from the lift when he lowered it and to give him room to get out as well. He reached back down to get his socket set when everything went dark in the workshop. There were no windows in there. He realised the lights had not only gone out, but they had in fact exploded, sending glass crashing to the floor; he stood up fast, cracking his head on a cross member of the truck. The lift had also gone down. Being over six feet tall, there was not enough room for him to stand up straight, but he had. His head was splitting with pain. He felt his legs buckling, then it all went black, as he passed out. It was light when he came too, the tiny skylight gave a small shard of light, just a small square spot on the floor, giving the impression of dusk in the workshop, barely enough to see by, as his eyes adjusted to the surroundings. He reached for the lift control button, but it did not work; the silence was deafening, no one here until Monday morning, not enough room to get out, that was when he realised, he was trapped under this heap of junk for the next two days. There was a smell of smoke coming from somewhere, but where was it coming from? And was his predicament dire?
Chapter Four.
Rachel.
Rachel had just got home from work. It was Friday, so she’s had a half day. She was glad she was not part of the sales team; they had to be there all-day Saturday, and some had to be there Sunday morning as well. She was looking forward to tonight, her friend was coming for the weekend. Rachel was meeting her when she got off the train in just a few hours, so she had to get the soup started; her friend Brenda loved Rachel’s thick, hearty soups. Neither of them were vegetarian, but they did prefer a vegetarian menu. They had met at college four years earlier and been friends and roommates from that first day they met. Brenda would say that they just bumped into each other, when actually the truth was that they collided into each other in the same corridor that their dorm room was in.
Brenda was a breath of fresh air, always smiling, even through her crooked teeth. Both were orphans, having been brought up by their grandparents instead. Both had vowed to get their education and avoid boys. Neither of them had any confidence around them anyway, neither thought themselves attractive. They were both short, though Brenda was an inch taller than her at five foot three inches. They both had long, wavy auburn hair well down their backs, and both had glasses, plain and rimless. They had both felt themselves to be plain and uninteresting, and both had decided to get an excellent education and a top job somewhere. Though both qualified with honours, the jobs for them were not there. Brenda had lost her Granny the year before and was just scraping by; money was short, and she had to take the first job she found, one at the local supermarket in York. She needed to get somewhere to live and feed herself. The council would not let her stay in the council house where she and her grandmother had lived, ‘not entitled’, she was told. She would have to go on the waiting list. Rachel had lost both grandparents a few months later; first her grandmother, and then her grandfather just days later. They had been devoted to each other until the end. Rachel had to go to Leeds to get a job as an estate agent, not her preferred job, but a job all the same. This would be the first reunion for over a year. They both had flats, and the wolf was away from the door. Still, neither had a relationship with a boy. It was just the way of life, they thought.
After feeding her demanding cat, El Gordo, with his favourite soft food from the fridge and his biscuits, Rachel started chopping root vegetables, adding them to the slow cooker, followed by a stock cube and some water, before turning it on. She took the fresh, crusty French sticks out of her shopping bag, ready to warm after picking up Brenda from the station. She then chopped up some onions, celery, tomatoes, and fresh mushrooms to add to the pot, followed by various seasonings and red chilli flakes, stirring well and replacing the lid. After making a cup of coffee, she sat down to read the magazine she had collected from the newsagent. It was a free one, advertising and updating on everything happening over the next few weeks in Leeds. She was hoping the antique lace exhibition was still at the Leeds art gallery this weekend. Brenda would love it as much as she would.
“Yes, yes,” she muttered to herself, “it’s on for the rest of the month, tomorrow we go.” After twenty minutes she got up and stirred the pot, turning it to auto. Returning to her espresso, she scanned the rest of the magazine to see what else was on, marking different adds with a yellow highlighter. She could not get to all of them, she had neither the time nor money to do that, but she would get to one or two of them though.
Rachel came to with a start, awakening from her catnap. Looking at the clock, it was still okay, just after four-forty. Brenda’s train would not arrive until six. There was still plenty of time. It took her only thirty minutes to walk to the station, and she would allow a further fifteen minutes in case it came early. After laying out the clothes she was going to wear on the bed, she climbed into the shower. She did not want to turn up in her posh but sweaty, work clothes. Casual clothing was more fitting; just jeans, a sweater, red and white sneakers, and her favourite French cashmere maroon beret gifted to her by her grandmother when she started college.
After her shower, she put on her slippers and robe, returning to the kitchen of her small flat to make a fresh coffee. She loved her espresso machine and wondered how she had survived without it all those years. Opening the door to her balcony, she took in the fresh air and sat in her deck chair. From her high-rise flat on the top floor, she could see out over the sprawling houses, right across the city. Up in her flat, the noise of the city was barely audible, just a faint hum, the cacophony blending into an unending rushing sound in the distance. If she closed her eyes, she could be anywhere. She checked her phone; she had forgotten all about it. Checking, there were just two messages, one from the dentist reminding her of an appointment on Monday, and one from Brenda saying she would be catching the train on time and would text again when she got to Leeds. Rachel texted back to say there was a football match on tomorrow so it might be busy, and to look out for her famous red beret upon exiting the train to find her, as she’d be there with plenty of time to spare.
Rachel was gazing off into space when she felt something against her hand that made her jump, though it was just El Gordo coming to sit on her lap for some attention. He jumped up and started to knead his paws, knowing Rachel would stroke him just to get him to stop. Who said cats were stupid, they had pets, not owners, and didn’t they know it. Glancing back through the door at the clock, she decided she had plenty of time. She had inherited the cat from the previous owner of the apartment, never having had a cat before. She tried in vain to find it a new home, but to no avail. The previous owner had put a cat flap on the balcony door and trained the cat with a litter igloo on the balcony to keep unwanted smells out of the flat. After meeting the next-door neighbour, she found out the old woman - who was now in a home, used to empty the litter tray over the balcony’s edge on whoever was walking past, some twenty-four floors down, which Rachel initially found hilarious. It was an overweight, thoroughly spoilt ginger cat that always got his way. He knew how to manipulate Rachel; he had trained her rather than the other way round, though granted it had taken a while for such a smart human.
“Well, my fat, spoilt, ungrateful moggy, I have to get dressed, we are having a visitor, she will make a fuss of you. ‘Til then you will have to fend for yourself, Mr El Gordo,” she said to the cat. With reluctance from the cat, she put him down and went to get dressed. After dressing and checking the mirror, she returned to the kitchen to make one final check on the slow cooker. By the time she returned, all would be ready. She would stir and serve it with warm bread, a meal she had perfected over her years at college – her famous six-hour soup. She picked up her scarf, the keys to get back in, and the key to the lift. The lift had the same key, and they had a keypad they had to enter a number in to call the lift or open the stair door, there was even a security guard at the front desk, guess working for the estate agent did have its rewards.
Upon leaving, the cat made its usual goodbye – or rather, disgruntled meow. She never knew what it meant and decided it was just his way of saying “see you later”. He never came too near the door for some reason. She put the key in the pad and punched in her pass code, and the lift buttons lit up. She climbed in and pressed the button for the ground floor. The doors closed, and she felt it start to descend. The walls of the lift were polished stainless steel, they worked like mirrors, except they distorted things, they made her look shorter and fatter than she was, just like the ones you find in a fairground. Why not taller and thinner instead she thought, everyone would prefer that. The light was concealed but bright, reflecting off the ceiling and walls. Halfway, she thought as she passed the 12th floor, then just passed the 8th floor. It went all black. The lift stopped. She thought she had heard popping as it went dark, but she could not be sure. Reaching for her phone, she realised it was still up in her flat. Thinking it would be back on shortly, she waited, and waited, and waited some more. She could not be sure what time it was, but she knew she was going to be late to the station. She would have to get a taxi if she was going to make it.
Worrying now, she tried to feel if there was an emergency phone anywhere. She had never seen one, but then taking no notice of one’s surrounds was nothing new around here. The only things she could find along the walls were the buttons for each of the floors, but two more that she couldn’t identify the use for, but they did nothing upon pressing them. She tried pressing all of the buttons she could find, but again, nothing. Just then, her blood ran cold as she heard the lift creak, but then it went quiet. She heard another sound, like a dropping noise, followed by the same creak, and the lift moved down a little and stopped again abruptly. Silent again for what seemed like ages, she heard a creak again but this time the lift dropped fast before stopping.
Was it going to fall suddenly all the way down, all eight floors? She would not survive. Her heart was in her mouth, she was sweating, she started to tremble, and tears were now running down her cheeks. There was a loud creaking, grating sound, much noisier than the ones before, that seemed to last much longer as well. The lift started to fall once more, but this time it wasn’t stopping, and all Rachel could hear was her screaming.
Chapter Five.
Brenda.
Brenda was going to see Rachel, her best friend, for the first time since she had taken the job with the estate agents in Leeds. They had been great friends – her only friend really since her grandmother has passed away. She had spent the last of her college money paying for her grandmother’s funeral. Brenda hadn’t known before her grandmother’s death that she had spent all of her own savings on getting her granddaughter through college. She wished that she had known sooner, she would have gotten a part-time job or something, anything at all, she hated knowing that her grandmother may have gone without for her sake. Had she known before her grandmother’s death, she would have thanked her for all of her sacrifice for Brenda’s sake. She was at least glad to see that her grandmother had bought a plot in the cemetery next to her grandfather many years before, when she still had money, upon reflection they had probably bought them at the same time. She had bought some flowers from work, some wall flowers and forget-me-nots. She would spend some time at her grandmother’s grave before catching the train, but first she needed to get home to her dingy flat. She needed to clean up, get out of her acid green uniform and have something to eat, she had 6 hours before the train.
Brenda walked through the door of her one-bedroom flat, kicked off her shoes and peeled off her clothes as she reached her bathroom. It was disgusting – the tiles were falling off the mouldy walls and there was threadbare carpet spread over the uneven floorboards. She climbed into the shower, hoping the water was hot, or at least warm, as she turned on the tap. She was fed up with cold showers, but with the money she was earning, she could not afford to move to anywhere else in York, as it was an expensive place to live. She had decided that while she was in Leeds, she was going to apply for a transfer to one of the two Leeds stores in the chain. Why they would not let her transfer in York she was not sure, though she felt like it was probably to do with the manager. She was the store bully, and her clique did not like her either because she had gone to college and the store manager had not, she was too thick, Brenda suspected. Brenda was hoping Rachel would put her up ‘til she found a place of her own - that is, if she could even get a transfer. This would still have to rely on a good reference from Her lady shit, the store manager, maybe, she hoped this would not stop her in her tracks.
After her cold shower she quickly got dried and dressed. The heating was off. Nothing unusual there. She made herself a sandwich and cup of tea and took it into the garden to enjoy it, as it was a more inviting place than her basement flat, even if it was a bit overgrown. The sun was blazing down, and it felt good. She went back in and packed her bag, throwing in a bottle of water and an apple. She was not taking much, hell she did not have much, the mould had ruined most of her good clothes. She packed just two changes of clothes, her only good shoes, and her bathroom things. Her phone she would put in her pocket along with her purse and keys, her beanie she would wear. On the way out, she picked up the bunch of flowers, locked the door, and set off to the cemetery.
Brenda found the cemetery a comforting place. Her grandparents’ graves were just in front of a park bench, and she spent hours there contemplating the world, thanking her grandmother for everything. It always made her feel guilty. She wished she had known her grandfather, but he died when Brenda was two years old from lung disease, after working in the coal mines all his life. This was still her safe place though, out of her dingy, noisy flat, away from the clique at work. She loved to hear the birds that sang there, it was the only other place she liked to visit. It was great to sit there and get away from the world. It was a place that she and Rachel loved to while away their spare time, enjoying the river in the lovely museum gardens. She’d sat there for ages before deciding that she would walk to the short trip to the station, even though it was a little early. Better to arrive before the train got there than to be late.
At the station, Brenda showed the ticket she had purchased online a week earlier and went to her platform. The train was already there despite not being due for another twenty minutes or so. She climbed aboard and the train soon began to move. She wondered, if she had been later, would she have missed it altogether? There was no need to text Rachel about the early train. She could always grab a cup of tea and wait for her; she did not want to make Rachel rush, and announcing that she was arriving early would only make Rachel panic. Leeds station was large, but they would still manage to find each other, and if it came to it, she would just text Rachel her location to come and find her. It was nothing to worry about. She heard the announcement for Macclesfield Station and watched the passengers getting on and off. It would not be too long now. One more stop, and then straight through to Leeds
As they passed East Garforth, Brenda noticed power lines in the town. Sparks were coming from them, all around them. Then the lights in the carriage went out. Suddenly, the train seemed to lurch to one side. Next thing she knew, a car was plummeting from the bridge. It was going to hit the train. Everything seemed to be in slow motion. The car came through the roof. Brenda felt like she was flying - she was. She hit a seat, or something soft, before hitting the wall of the train; the train was rolling over, but then it stopped, and Brenda felt the train raising into the air. It came down with a crash and that was when Brenda felt it, pain like never before in her side, then her head, her arm, then the other one, followed by darkness. The last thing she remembered was blood, her blood from her face, on her hand. She passed out to screams all around her, then silence.
Chapter Six.
Sunday, five days earlier.
Their science teacher, Mr Clap, had spent every lesson telling them about the solar flare that was going to hit tonight, so Matt and Bella were waiting to see the aurora. Matt knew from what the teacher said that the aurora could affect the power supply. It was going to be a big one; the aurora would be visible even in the UK sky. It was all over the news. They knew it was going to happen. Matt was worried. He had spent most of the week researching it, reading everything from the doom merchants to the sceptics. He decided it would be better if they prepared for the worst. His computer room was in the basement of his house. This room was his life, where he spent most of his free time, playing Fortnight and other online games. The flare made him worry about what would happen to all of his stuff, so he decided to protect it with a Faraday cage. Rather than playing games this week, he would make the room EMP proof. He spent all of his savings buying mesh to line the room, and he even persuaded his sceptical father to install a double pole power breaker for the power supply in the basement. It wasn’t hard for his father; he was an electrician; it just took ages to convince him to do it. Finally, he agreed only if Matt did all the washing up for a month, and mowed the lawn whenever asked. It wasn’t something he wanted to do, but he was worried about his expensive computer equipment. After reading about the Carrington event in 1859, and what happened in Canada in 1989, he had to be prepared.
Bella was sceptical, but that was until she read about both events. As her father and brother Bobby were spending the weekend at her grandparents, Bella decided that she would disconnect the power to the whole house by pulling the mains supply fuse. Bella and Matt watched several YouTube videos on the best way to protect the electrical equipment in the house. It wasn’t hard, turns out, and they learned how to break the security seal and remove the fuse safely
Bella woke up early on Sunday. Matt came round, and they found where the power supply came in and using the pictures they’d printed from the internet, spotted the fuse instantly. Matt had brought his father’s toolbox, and started carefully working on the seal using the pliers. They were hoping to remove the seal without damaging it, so it could be put back without anyone knowing. Eventually, with the help of some super lube, they managed to remove it, then they did the same with the neutral block. Now that they were ready, they would disconnect it in the afternoon after they had eaten. Bella grabbed hers, her brother’s and her father’s computers for Matt to put in the basement of his house for extra protection. After spending some time at Matt's playing Fortnight, Matt disconnected everything, then flicked the breaker as they left. At Bella’s house they made toast for lunch, then with a torch in hand, went to the incoming supply and removed the fuse, unscrewed the two screws holding the outgoing neutral wire and pulled it out. All of it was done in a matter of minutes. They were now ready for most eventualities. Not having any power, they were in a quandary about what to do. They eventually settled on going into town to the internet café to use the computers to look even deeper into the effects of a solar flare.
After getting drinks they sat at the computer, but instead of finding any more about solar flares, they found a prepper site. Although Bella thought it was a bit of a doom-merchant site, it did enlighten them about EMPs and CME, concentrating on the worst possible scenarios. They read about infrastructure loss, banking, internet and power. They presented the following scenario: what if you had no money, no food, no communication, no power, and you did not know where a family member was, and then posed a list of questions:
How would you feel?
What do you do?
How would you achieve it?
The potential answers they offered were: you would feel emotional, you would try to find your family, and with no form of transport, you would walk. Question, would this be the best thing to do? Answer, an emphatic no. Why? First, your family could be heading for you, and you could miss each other. Better to have a meeting place in the event of an emergency, but away from any built-up areas. You will need food for the journey, at least 2500 calories, and water, at least 1 litre per day per person times two, as it will invariably take twice as long as you expect. The list of advice and justifications was extensive, but the café was closing, so Matt emailed himself the link as he and Bella had both left their phones at Matt's for safekeeping. Living almost on the bank of the river Aire, they contemplated taking canoes and paddling out of town to avoid light pollution. Realising they would have to travel miles to get away from the lights, they thought again. Also, while Bella’s dad was away for the weekend and would not be missed, Matt’s dad was just working late. If Matt bowled in at stupid o’clock in the morning, he would be grounded for weeks. They settled on staying in Bella’s back garden; they had plenty of pre-prepared snacks and cans of drink in a cool box. They had put ice packs in the fridge as it would be turned off, and they did not want to open it until the power was back on.
At nine o’clock it was getting dark, so they dragged the pool recliners to the middle of the back lawn, faced them north and sat back in anticipation. At 10 o’clock, Bella’s babysitter (as she called her) from next door came out and reminded her of the time, and that Bella should be going to bed and sending her friend home. After explaining it was a school project about the aurora borealis, her minder, Mrs Morton, just said,
“Midnight, no later. You both have school tomorrow,” and went in.
Midnight came and went, but still no northern lights. By 1 o’clock they were thinking of packing it in for the night, but then it started. Slowly at the beginning, just the odd bright flicker, but then there was a crescendo of light, green through red, dancing across the sky. It was well past four in the morning before it started dying down. Both of them were excited, but at the same time it was anti-climactic. All of their preparation for a power surge, and the lights all around them didn’t even flicker. They put the chairs back by the pool and made their way into Bella’s house, reconnected the neutral wire, screwed the cover back, then put the main fuse back in. They would do the seals tomorrow, after a good night’s sleep. After saying good night, Matt made his way back to next door, taking great care not to wake his father.
Matt however could not sleep, so he went down to the basement to find out why such a big solar flare had no effect on the power supply, especially after the continuous news reports all week. After listening to several YouTube videos, he understood. It was all due to the pole directions of the solar flare in relation to the poles of the earth. If they were north to north, they would repel each other, but if they were south to north, they would attract each other. A solar flare had significantly less power than a coronal mass ejection, which is what caused all the damage in the Carrington event. Matt had wished he had not just skipped through the information the first time, and vowed to do proper research starting tomorrow, and went back to bed.
After only an hour's sleep, Matt’s alarm went off. He contemplated skiving off school, but his father kept shouting for him to get up. Matt met Bella, and they made their way to school. Matt filled her in on what he had found out, but Bella was not in the mood. She was still tired from the night before, and a bit disappointed after expecting a lot more. At school, Matt went straight to Mr Clap’s room to ask about the northern lights and wanted him to explain more about CMEs, but he said to come back to his classroom after school and he would explain. The day dragged for Matt, but he managed to get a little sleep by skipping PE, spending it in the medical room with a fictitious headache.
When the bell went, he made his way back down to Mr Claps room. On entering Mr Claps room, he asked, “After all the hype about Sunday night, why was it so uneventful? All the media were expecting power outages, equipment to be damaged, and a lot more.”
“Did you not enjoy the light show?” Mr Clap asked.
“Yes, but it did not live up to the hype,” he argued.
“How much have you followed up on this? Did you not do any research?”
“Yes, I know about the poles versus the solar flare charges, but even that doesn’t explain everything,” Matt said.
“First, this was not a direct hit. If the flare was next Sunday, it would have been bright enough to read a book by. Second, the orientation of the magnetic fields in the flare does matter. This time they were in our favour, but if they were reversed, they may have caused power outages,” he said.
“What about a coronal mass ejection, a CME? What’s the difference?” Matt asked.
“Now that is a totally different kettle of fish! A CME is made up of plasma. If it were the same size as the flare, it would weigh billions of tons. The weight and mass give it more power, it’s magnetic fields can be hundreds of times the strength of the earth. If a direct hit occurred, no matter the pole alignment, it would do damage. It would be a worldwide EMP, it could kill all electronics, even ones shielded like cars in their metal bodies, power lines would melt, any power supply not protected with DC blocking capacitors or transformers would fail, satellites would be destroyed, aircraft would be affected. Something that big would most likely be an apocalyptic event. You must have seen films on the effects of an EMP.”
“Yes, and in games,” Matt replied.
“Well, they are the worst scenario. It is unlikely that would happen, but it is possible,” Mr Clap explained.
“But why? Films and games don’t really explain this, why would it be world ending?”
“Let me put this as simply as I can, not to be condescending, just so you see the chain of events. First, there would be no power, maybe for years. It would take people that long to replace all the transformers, even if they had electricity to make them. Second, as money is mostly digital these days, no one would have access to their money. It would just disappear. No one would get paid, so no one would see why they should go to work. Even if there was cash, it would be limited and not trusted for long. How would you buy food? The average household has a week’s supply of food on hand. How would they get any more, even if there were any in the shops? The average supermarket keeps one and a half days' food, with no drivers working to deliver more. Where would you get it? Then there are all the people that need electricity to keep them alive, kidney machines, mechanical ventilators and so on. The hospitals may have backup generators, but would they work after a massive EMP or CME? Even if they did, how long would the fuel supply last? With no power, they would have no way of running it. Then there would be anarchy, with no law, no police. Bad people would be ruthless, they would grab everything of use, steal what they could and even break into homes to steal it. Hunger is a powerful motivator. So is survival. There are a lot more dominoes that could fall, but this is enough for now. I’ll give you some information you can take away, and while we have the internet look up a lot more. Search under preppers. It’s mainly US sites but there are a few British ones.” Mr Clap explained.
Matt said goodnight to Mr Clap and left the room.
Matt made his way down the hall. As he went through the front entrance, he saw Bella; she had waited all this time for him.
“Sorry Bella, I didn’t expect you to wait for me! Sorry it took so long,” he exclaimed.
“No problem, of course I was going to wait. We have a return match tonight, and you’re feeding me, aren’t you?” she commented.
“Yes, yes, I had forgotten all about that. Back at my place, how hungry are you? Spaghetti shells and tomato sauce, okay?”
“Okie dokie, that’s brill.”
The rest of the way back to Matt’s, he explained what Mr Clap had told him. Back at Matt’s, he put on the TV (to the disgust of Bella) until the news came on.
The newscaster started, “Due to the loss of two satellites that were monitoring the sun, astronauts in the space station are returning to earth earlier than originally planned. There is a CME heading towards the earth that should miss the earth safely. The return of the astronauts is just a precaution. This solar event is unlikely to produce auroras as intensely as last nights’, but for those interested it should be Saturday or Sunday, the observatory is not yet sure. We are now going over to Professor Garth Harris for an update. Professor Harris can you tell our listeners what is happening please?” she asked.
“A fluke set of events from an earlier flare last Friday knocked the satellites from their normal position, then the large flare on Sunday affected unprotected equipment on the satellites, an area that is normally out of reach from the normal effects of the sun. This has shifted the satellites from their normal orbits and disabled the cameras, but we should have them back aligned in a few days, in plenty of time to monitor the CME pass the earth. There is nothing to worry about.” he said.
“Thank you for clearing that up, Professor Harris. Now to other news.”
Matt turned the TV off, replaced the controller on the coffee table, and sat back on the sofa. Then almost immediately stood up and walked into the kitchen, shouting back,
“Pasta and sauce, Bella?”
“Yes, that will be great, looking forward to it.”
Bella got up and went through to the kitchen, pulled out a stool, sat on it and lent on the breakfast bar.
“Drink?” Matt asked.
“Please, do you have any of that Ovaltine left?”she asked.
“You know my dad, he never buys one of anything, he has a full box of jars of the stuff.”
“Matt, what’s on your mind? You seem miles away, not like you.”
“A combination of what Mr Clap said, and that interview on the news with a professor I’ve never heard of. All last week it was all they could talk about. They make light of returning the astronauts, make light of a CME heading our way. It’s almost like they’re scared to tell us something. I know I sound paranoid again. It’s probably another none-event, but what if it isn’t?” Matt said in a worried voice.
Bella was quiet for a short time, putting the pieces together in her head, wondering if Matt was just being paranoid. But what if he wasn’t? What if we are being left out of the loop? We’ve all seen it in films where the US president doesn’t want to start a panic, a rush on the banks, looting, civil unrest. If they’re unable to do anything about it, would they say anything? Or would they just protect themselves and their cronies? As her father was fond of saying as she was getting ready for a competition or tournament: prepare, prepare, and prepare again. Hell, what was it going to take? Watching a few videos and following the consensus of opinion?
“Matt, maybe there is nothing to worry about, but it doesn’t take much to get ready, just in case now, does it? How about we watch those prepper videos Mr Clap told you about tonight, rather than playing games? What do you think?”
“Yes, good idea,” he said without hesitation.
“Guess you were hoping I would say that, especially from the speed you answered,” she teased.
“Yes, no, whatever! I was thinking the same as you said it, or as you asked, that is. It has been worrying me, the lack of official information, the satellites being so-called ‘out-of-action’, the space station being evacuated so quickly, something just doesn’t add up! It’s like the ‘powers-that-be’ know something they’re not telling us.” Matt said.
“A plan then, we eat, then hit YouTube,” said Bella.
“Grab the cutlery, food’s ready, eat here or at the table?” asked Matt.
“Here is fine with me,” Bella replied.
“Food and a hot cup of yuck for you, an orange juice for me, bon-appetite.”
Chapter Seven.
The knowledge.
They settled in their gaming chairs in the basement and fired up the computer. Each had a screen in front of them, displaying the same information.
“Shall we start with the site from the café?” Matt asked.
“Works for me,” Bella replied.
Matt retrieved the link from his email and brought it up on the screen. It was enlightening, all the things that could happen after a CME. After reading ‘The ways you could survive’, a questionnaire came up, titled ‘Are you ready for the end of the world yet?’. They finished the questionnaire and pressed the send button, confident that they would survive. Moments later, a screen came up: ‘You managed to live 9 days.’
It listed all their potential failures, items they had not allowed for included: other people, sufficient food and food collection, fire and cooking, water, clothing and footwear, maps, a destination, future proofing, excess weight, weapons, and more. They started clicking on each link to see where they had gone so wrong. They thought it might just be the program, but it wasn’t. Their first click on food explained why. The food they were going to take would be too heavy to carry far. Glass jars were a no-no. So were some of their food choices. Most would go off in a day or so, others had no calorie count. Celery apparently burns more calories chewing it than it gives in return. It only lasts a day unrefrigerated, and it is bulky. Peanut butter should be decanted into zip-lock bags. Breakfast cereal is okay, but only half a box and bagged. Tinned food was out other than spam or corned beef. This was not the preferred food for two would-be vegetarians. Being predominately vegetarians could be a problem. The packs could be up to twenty-five kilos for the average adult male and twenty kilos for a woman, but it was best to test this out per person. A single litre of water weighs one kilo, keep adding bottles until each person finds their ideal weight, then work backwards. If it was twenty-five kilos, then that would be twelve kilos of food, eight litres of water, five kilos of essentials. Beyond that, they would need something to carry it. They don’t drive. Once that was gone, what would they eat? They didn’t hear Matt’s dad walk in.
“Time for bed, Matt. See Bella home and come straight back. It’s school tomorrow.”
On the way back to Bella’s house, Bella suggested they skip school tomorrow. With the lessons they had, no one would miss them. Matt was thinking the same and agreed. They would leave as normal and slip around the back until Matt’s father left for work and then go back in through the back door. Bella was not too keen on climbing the fence in her skirt, but agreed.
Bella and Matt’s houses were identical, placed about 50 feet apart, two large four-bedroom houses, undistinguishable except for the basement. This was Matt’s room. The houses were nestled in a small development at the posher end of town. They were privileged compared to some of the others at their school. They did not want for anything, and this made them targets for bullying. Both their fathers worked; both their fathers made a good living. Matt’s father worked for the local electricity board as a supervisor. He had worked there since his early twenties. Matt’s father was a slight man but had rugged features. He controlled Matt’s life more than Bella’s father did. Her father trusted her to do the right thing and keep out of trouble. She also had Mrs Morton, ‘The Babysitter’. Matt was his parents’ only child, his mother was killed by a hit-and-run driver when he was a baby. Both of them had just the one living parent, their fathers. They were used to this.
The following morning, Bella picked up her back door key and met Matt out the front as usual. They went out of the gate, into the road, along the path by the hedge and snuck back in through the bottom gate, keeping close to the hedge as they skirted the garden to the back door and into Bella’s house until Matt’s father left. Bella took the opportunity to change into the trousers she had left in the bathroom. After Matt's dad left, they waited for a while, just in case he returned for something. They were just about to go to Matt’s when they heard a door slam, freezing them to the spot. It was not long after that they realised that it was just Mrs Babysitter, as Bella called her, off to work at the hospital. Once Mrs Babysitter had vanished down the road, they went out the back door, locked it behind them, and went over the fence and in through the back of Matt’s. Inside, they made drinks quickly and went down to the basement. In a way, they were glad they were children of single parents; it made it easier to skip school. After going through all the questions that the form had brought up, using a pen and pad to list things, they watched another five hours of prepper videos. There were four glaring questions left, all what ifs.
After breaking for a very late lunch, they started going through them until Bella started up, “The big question is, every video said it was not safe to be in a built-up area, as the preppers put it, once ‘The Shit Hits The Fan’ or SHTF, for short. So where do we go, what if my father is away, do I go by myself, would your father come? My father has talked about this loosely and I expect he would come with little persuading.  How do we travel there? We need an answer for each scenario.” Bella asked.
“One thing I know, I would not let you travel by yourself, that’s for certain,” Matt jumped in.
“So where would we go first?” Bella asked, “Let’s make a list of possibilities, then go from there.”
After many suggestions, it was unanimously decided that Bella’s grandparents was the obvious option. They lived on a small farm on the edge of the Yorkshire dales, near Malham. Isolated enough and only 40 miles away.
“But how do we get there?” Matt asked.
“The river!” Bella exclaimed, “The river Aire, it goes within a mile of their farm. Use the canoes, if we use the big open one with the training floats we can carry more, it seats 4.”
“Oh, the trimaran,” Matt jested, because of the two blow-up outriggers.
“Yes, the trimaran. We could even tow one of the small inflatable dinghies behind with extra provisions, that way it could be just the two of us, or your dad and Bobby as well. My father could easily take one of the other ones. Hell, there’s five of them, we could take one each. See it’s all coming together! We could even take the C-Trux, you know those green plastic wheel things, so if we have to take them out of the water or travel over land for any reason, they’ll work like trollies for our stuff,” said Bella.
“The other big elephant in the room is one they’ve all mentioned. Being vegetarian is a death sentence, as one put it. Great, if you have a garden-full ready to pick, but it never works that way. Now I have no problem eating meat. I just choose not to, but what about you?” Bella asked.
“I have to admit, I’m not very sure. I’ll have to think about that one. Maybe give me a minute...I know, I will make us drinks while I think about it.”
Matt went up to the kitchen to make drinks and shouted back down, “Do you want a hot drink or a cold one?”
“Ovaltine please.”
“Thought so, won't be a minute,” Matt said.
Matt returned shortly with the drinks add a tin of biscuits.
“Thought you might like these as well. We haven't eaten much today. As for whether I could eat meat, I guess I could if it came to it, but would that mean I’d have to catch it first?”
“No, I’ll take my bow with me, and my grandfather has shot rabbits before. I expect that there would even be the odd deer around. I would not put you through having to kill something if that went against your beliefs. Mind you. I'm not even sure if I could kill something.” Bella said.
“As they said in the prepper videos, if it came to your life or a family member's life being threatened, what would you do? Could you kill to save yourself or them? Could you take someone else’s life? I don't think that is a question you can answer, not until you are put in that position first.” Matt said.
“Next thing, you’re going to have to speak to your father. How do you think he’ll take it? Do you think he'll be on board?” asked Bella.
“I guess we could ask him. He’s just come in.”
Matt’s dad, Don, came down the stairs.
“Guess you two are playing games on that computer, as usual. What is it, Fortnite?” he asked.
“No, dad actually we've been watching videos, prepper videos. It’s something we want to talk to you about.” Matt said.
“Not you as well. I’ve been getting loads of this at work. The doom merchants are out in full force. All we heard last week on the news, every time you turned on the TV, was about the solar flare and how it was going to affect our lives, wipe-out the power grid, send us back to the Stone Age, and now you as well. Don't believe everything you hear; it's all worry mongers. The chance of it happening is a million to one. You would be better off spending time on your homework,” said Don.
“I am. This is our science project, and sorry Dad, but you are wrong. You know the amount of research I do when I am looking into something. Well, we have looked into this, and it's not doom merchants. Have you actually listened to the news today? If you had, you’d realise that they're not actually preaching the end of the world anymore. Quite the opposite, which makes me suspicious. Everything else points to the fact that the end might happen. There is a coronal mass ejection heading our way. Take, for instance, today's headlines. Oh, it says nothing about it! We had a newscaster interviewing a no-name professor, trying to explain why they are suddenly evacuating the space station, even though this wasn’t even considered for the solar flare on Sunday. Then he explained how they couldn’t predict the next solar storm because two of their satellites had been wiped out by the solar flare on Sunday, yet there is more than two up there. They have some very powerful telescopes which they could use to actually see what’s happening from Earth, they’re all over the world. They’re saying they won’t have any news until the weekend, just the time it could happen. Furthermore, we have been learning about these types of events with our science teacher Mr Clap, he has told us that if the solar flare had been a CME, off the same size it would have definitely put us back into the Stone Age. Guess what? There is one heading our way of that size. Where are all the professors that have been on the news all last weeks? I know. They went silent. They are all on holiday or unavailable. The only no-name professor talking is predicting it would miss us. My question is, where are all the experts now, and where are all the politicians? They have all gone missing. They know something they are not telling us. We speculate they are all in their bunkers.”
“Wow, you have been doing some research. But how much of this is this fact and how much is speculation?” asked Don.
“You know Mr Clap, why not give him a call, ask him what he thinks? You respect his knowledge, don’t you?  He’ll still be at school; he never leaves straight away.” Matt retorted.
Don went back upstairs to make the phone call. Both of them could hear him on the phone but could not hear what he was saying. He returned within just a few minutes looking a bit worried.
“Well Dad? That was a bit quick, what did he say?” Matt asked.
“He has taken emergency leave. He will not be back this week. It is because his sister is ill. The problem is, I know he doesn’t have a sister. I tried his home number but there was no answer, and he’s not answering his mobile. So, I guess I better listen to what you have to say.”
“First, neither of us is going to school tomorrow, there’s no point. if this is for nothing we'll just have to catch up. If we’re right, we need the time to prepare.  This could happen anytime from Saturday night onwards, based on the amateur predictions, as there are no professionals willing to speak.  We’ve searched the Internet for them. I suggest that you take the rest of the week off. Tomorrow, go to the bank and draw out as much as you can, then we need to start buying the things we need if we have to bug out.”
Don cut Matt off, “Things we need? What do you mean things we need? And I can't take time off just like that.” Don said.
Bella jumped in, “If we are right, and I am certain we are, we may not know exactly when this is going to happen, but we are fairly sure is going to happen within the next seven days. What is the point of going to work? If it happens, computers won’t work. They pay you digitally, don’t they? If there is no electricity, how are they going to pay you and how are you going to spend it? So again, I ask you, what is the point of going into work?”
Don went silent, then said, “Show me, show me on the computer what you have found and where.”
“Here are all the bookmarks. We’ll leave you to it while we make something to eat for all of us. We’ll be in the kitchen when you finish,” said Matt.
Chapter Eight.
Don’s eyes are opened.
Emerging from the basement, Don looked worried. He sat in his favourite chair opposite them both, a pained look on his face. He did not speak straight away; it looked like he was going to say something, but then didn’t. Matt and Bella sat on the sofa in anticipation, waiting for him to say something, anything.
“Okay, I am still sceptical, but I have read enough and seen enough to make me think this is a possibility. From what I have found from one of the Australian sky observatory sites, you are right. This could happen any time Saturday onwards. I guess it would not hurt to be prepared,” he continued. “I have printed off a list from one of the American sites of the sorts of things we will need. If we have to leave here, or ‘bug out’ as they put it, the things we will need to take with us are not a small list. I have not costed it out yet, but it is going to be a few thousand pounds. This I can do. Have you made a list?” Don asked.
“Yes, we started this morning. I do not have that sort of cash, though. Can you cover the costs for me, my brother, and my father if I repay you?” Bella said.
“Yes, of course. Hell, I wasn’t going to buy for just us. I was planning to get everything in one go, anyway. That’s not a problem. If we are going to do this, we need to get our heads together and start a list of the things we need to buy tomorrow.”
“If we are right and this is a large CME producing a large EMP, we are assuming the cars will not be working, or at least anything that has been made this century. Matt and I discussed this earlier and decided our best option would be the canoes. My father has five in his lockup down by the river. There is a four-man open canoe, a similar two-man canoe, and the three kayaks. You know the plastic things you wear, as my brother puts it. There is even a blow up dingy. With these, we could get to my grandparent’s place, a small farm that is on the Yorkshire Dales, miles from anywhere, where my father is at the moment. The river will take us all the way there. It's about 40 miles as the crow flies but nearer to 80 by river but should be a lot safer than the road. So, with the canoes we can carry more, more water, mainly. What do you think?” asked Bella.
“Sounds like you have it all mapped out, let me look at that.” Don said.
The truth was, Don did not like the water. He almost drowned when he was their age, which is why he insisted at an early age Matt learnt to swim, he had even learnt himself, but that still did not get him over the thought of open water no lifeguard, no shallow end. This was a decision he did not want to make, but they were right, they could carry more. It should be a lot safer if what he had read about possible unrest, people rioting, looting and worse.
“I will print off some maps,” said Matt.
“Good idea,” his father replied.
Don started making a list of what they would take in their packs while Matt and Bella found a rucksack to see how much each could carry.  Matt went down to the recycling bin, fishing out all the juice and water bottles, half-litre, one litre, two litres, then rinsed them out and filled them up with water.
They started placing the water bottles into the rucksack, which is when they realised how weak they really were. Twelve kilos was about their limit. If they had to carry it far, ten would be better.
“Bella, can you come hear a moment please,” called Don.
“Yes, what is it,” she asked.
“Your father, when is he due back?”
“Sunday, why?”
“Can you ring him and ask if we can drive up on Wednesday and stay until this threat is over?” Don asked.
“No, sorry I can’t. They have no signal up there. It’s a black spot. He rings me from a call box in the village. He won’t be ringing again until Friday. He might ring earlier if he goes to the village for something though, he sometimes does.” Bella exclaimed.
“If he does, tell him what is happening, and ask him if we can come up, any time before midnight Friday. If you do not hear from him, we can drive up anyway Friday night. It should take less than an hour at that time of night or not much longer. If it is not too late, that is.”
“I will. Why not load up your van with everything, park it at the lockup on Friday, and if anything happens in the meantime, everything is in one place. It will not take long to walk there, but it would take ages to carry everything down there if anything happened earlier than they predict. If it is in your van, and we can leave Friday night, maybe even earlier than midnight, it will be just a case of walking down there and driving off,” Bella explained.
“You aren’t just a pretty face, you have brains, a good idea. I will go and check the Ozzie observatory website. They said there was going to be an update.” Said Don.
“Don’t be long, food will be ready in five minutes.”
“Okay,” he said, and went back to the basement.
Don logged back into the website and started reading. He cursed to himself; it is going to happen. We are going to be hit, Saturday morning at about 5 o’clock give or take half an hour.
“Dad, dinner!” Matt shouted.
Don came up from the basement, went into the bathroom, washed his hands and sat down at the table. He looked physically shaken now. His face was white, his heart was pounding out of his chest.
“Dad, are you okay?” Matt asked. “You look as white as a ghost.”
“We are screwed,” he said.
“Dad,” he said, then louder, “Dad, what is it?”
“Forget dinner, go read, see what they are saying, see for yourself.”
They both ran down to the basement and gazed at the screen in amazement.
Chapter Nine.
Shock and awe.
Matt and Bella sat at the computer. They read the news flash from the Perth Observatory and were stunned. They then read, ‘Saturday at approximately there will be an earth-shattering CME, hundreds of times larger than the Carrington event. It will kill all electronic equipment, see diagram and video below.’ Underneath, there were two diagrams showing how it would affect the earth's magnetic fields. Then they watched the short, animated video which really brought it home. It was real. They looked at the photographs from the telescopes taken the night before, then the footnote. All satellites would be wiped out and the space station would be destroyed.
“That’s why they are returning the astronauts,” Bella said in a whisper. “That’s why.
Matt squeezed Bella’s hand, then let go when he realised what he had just done. They returned to the table. Don was stirring the food on his plate, not attempting to eat, just stirring endlessly in a world of his own. He looked up, staring at them both, back and forth from one to the other.
“Sorry, I was making light of this. I was humouring you before, but not now. We make a proper list; we work on the principle your father does not ring Bella. From tonight you stay in the spare bedroom, no more school. We prepare tonight, and I will collect everything tomorrow. Clear the garage. If it is in the way, put it somewhere else, the shed, the pool house, wherever. Set up tables so we can sort things out as I bring them back. You’ll have to stay here. I’ll ring the school and say you are down with a cold, both of you. We start once we have eaten.”
Both Bella and Matt had thought it was real, but now they knew it was real; this meant all the difference, before it was preparing for an adventure, now it was preparing for their lives and an unsure future. After dinner, Matt cleared away everything while Bella and Don sat at the table making lists.
“Mr Shackleton.”
Don cut her off.
“Don, from now on, my name is Don. No formalities anymore, just call me Don.”
“Don, this feels odd, but yes, what I was going to ask is, do you shoot, I mean gun or bow?”
“Yes, I learnt in the army cadets as a kid and clay pigeon shooting with old Mr Clancy until he died, I haven’t shot a gun for a while now, must be over a year now, why?”
“Do you still have a licence?”
“Yes, why?”
“Do you still have a shotgun?”
Don was getting a bit frustrated now.
“What are you getting at? Yes, it is locked in the cabinet in the basement. I repeat myself, why?”
“Add shotgun shells to your list, all you can buy, ones with stopping power, buckshot. I have seen enough apocalyptic films to know you will need them. If the power goes out, they will not be making any more, and my grandfather may be glad to have some extras. Can Matt shoot?”
“An air rifle, but you know that,” Matt said as he entered the room.
“That would not stop a cat,” Bella scoffed, “we need to take this seriously.”
“My shotgun licence would not let me buy another gun anyway,” said Don.
“Not what I was thinking about, sorry Matt, but Matt is crap with a bow and arrows, but if he can shoot a gun, he can shoot a crossbow. Now they are not cheap, but they are as good as a gun, best of all they do not need a licence to own or use. They sell them where dad bought my bow. In fact, the place he bought my first bow sell them as well. Buy hunting arrows, not target ones, though they could be handy as a fallback. What do you think? Would you trust him with a crossbow?”
“Trust me,” Matt piped up, “trust me, what do you mean by that?”
“Matt, come with me.”
Bella took Matt back into the kitchen and before he could say anything, Bella said,
“I know what your dad is like, if it is his decision, then you will get one, you need something to protect yourself, that was the best way to get him to say yes, understand,” she said with gritted teeth, “now go along with me, follow my lead.”
“The jury is out on that one, let me think about it,” said Don, but for now, it is time for bed. Matt, show her where she is sleeping, and we will pick this up in the morning.”
“Good night,” Bella said.
It was strange not sleeping in her narrow bed; it was the only bed she really knew. The only other one was her dad’s childhood bed, at her grandparents’ place. This huge double bed was too big, she enjoyed being cramped up in her cosy bed. Bella’s thoughts went to her father as she tried to sleep, they don’t have even a TV set, never mind the internet or phones, they will not understand what is happening, they were off grid, or off the media grid she thought. They did have electricity now though; they bought a generator only a few years ago, but they only used it for lights. Sometimes they still use candles. They were old school, as her dad put it.
At some point, she must have fallen asleep. She had forgotten to drawer the curtains. The sun was streaming through; she pulled the covers over her head and closed her eyes, but it was no good. She was awake. She was about to get out of bed when, with the curtains open; the door unlocked and wearing nothing but a smile; she had to think about this. It was unlikely Don or Matt would walk in without knocking, but through the window, she had taken the last of her clothes off in the on-suite bathroom and, as it was dark, made a dash for the bed. She needed that shower before going to bed. It always helped her sleep. Now everything was in the bathroom, and that was an enormous window. It was overlooked by two houses higher on the hill. There was nothing for it. She would have to make a dash for it. She was about to when there was a knock at the door.
“It’s Matt, do you need anything?” he asked.
“A bath robe would be nice,” she snapped.
“Should be two on the bottom of the bed,” he replied.
She looked down. There was, just sitting there, a blue one and a white one.
“Thank you, Matt,” she said, a little sweeter this time.
“See you downstairs,” he said, as she heard him walk away.
She reached for the bathrobe and put it on. In the bathroom, she got into the clothes from the day before, not something she liked doing, but gritted her teeth and got on with it. Once dressed, she went down to the kitchen where a cup of Ovaltine was waiting for her. Matt and Don were sitting at the breakfast bar, watching as she entered.
“I will just drink this, then go next door, I need to change into clean clothes,” she said.
“While you are over there, grab what you need. You can stay here until we leave, or your dad returns. It makes sense. Anyway, you’ll be eating here, and we have a lot to do to be ready in time. I will ring the school in a minute to explain you both are down with a cold and will not be back in this week.” Don said.
“I will need to go on Friday. I have fencing practice, and I want to pick up some stuff from my locker. I will be back in plenty of time,” she explained.
“I’ll still say all week just in case we leave early, better that than say in advance you will be fit enough to go back Friday, it will look suspicious.” Don said.
“That make sense I suppose. Just a thought, if you leave before I am back and you go to the sports shop, can you pick me up a dozen metal pointed arrows, hunting arrows please.”
“Okay,” he said, and left it at that.
Bella soon drank her Ovaltine, and as she got up to leave, Matt got up.
“No Matt, I will be back in about half an hour, I’ll be okay, I will see you in the garage when I get back.”
Chapter Ten.
Memories.
As she reached her front door, she was about to put the key in the lock when she was startled by a noise behind her, turning.
“Where have you been?” came from a very disgruntled Mrs Babysitter. “You have been out all night. Where have you been? You are too young to be out all night. I hope it is not a boy.”
“I am staying next door. Matt’s dad invited me to stay as I was not happy staying by myself after watching a much scarier film than we expected it to be. I will be staying there until my dad gets back. He’s okay about it. He always suggested it when he was going to be away.”
“Oh, you should have told me. I have to be at work. We will talk again tonight,” she said, and walked off.
Bella put the key in the lock, turned it, and went in. After her shower, she put on clean clothes; she chose her cargo trousers and dark t-shirt and her comfortable shoes, then started packing an overnight bag with everything she would need for the week, not forgetting her school uniform and fencing clothes for Friday. She then laid the clothes out on the bed that she would put in her bug out bag. When it was all laid out, she pulled her Doc Martens from the wardrobe, and put them beside the bed. After retrieving her rucksack from the hallway cupboard, she went back to her bedroom. She put the rucksack on the bed and noticed straight away, it would not fit. She still needed to get food and water in there yet. Something would have to go, but what? She sat on the bed and stared at the pile. What could she do without? This was a lot harder than she expected. Then she looked at it a different way. What could she not leave out? Underwear and socks are a must, next bras they can be thrown out. They were just vanity; she did not need them. Keep the comb, ditch the brush. Keep two t-shirts and her camo vest, the rest can go. Keep the baggy jeans and the skin-tight ones can go out. She carried on until she had thinned out three quarters and packed the quarter she was taking, putting everything away back in drawers neatly. Then changed her mind about the belt, she added her thick leather one to the bag.
Downstairs she looked around, scanning for anything she had forgotten about the sword. She could not leave the sword, her grandfather had given it to her. He had brought it back from Korea, after the war. This meant a lot to him and her. He gave it to her after she won her first fencing competition, but it would have to come out of the display case her dad made for it, a wooden box frame he called it. It was like a picture frame but had a space to display the sword and her certificate from her first fencing match win; it was not being left behind. After trying for ages to get the display case off the wall, she gave up. She sat back in the chair in the living room, contemplating her options. She could swallow her pride and ask Matt or Don to do it, but that did not sit well. It made her look weak. She could break the glass but would then have to clean it all up and she did not want to take the chance of cutting herself. Anyway, her dad made the case. She could not break something he made for her. She needed a torch to see where the wood joints could be parted, without damaging it, then thought, must take torches and batteries. She went to look for a torch in the sideboard cabinet, but instead found a large bone-handled hunting knife of some sort; she did not know about it before. The blade must have been ten inches long, illegal surely, but then Bella remembered that she was about to have a sword in her hands that was four times that length. She pulled it out and carried on rummaging for a torch; the drawer was stuck, it would not open more than a few inches, so she pushed her hand in and felt around, then she felt something cylindrical and pulled it out. Another knife, it matched the sword. Grandad must have given it to dad. That would have to go as well.
She tried the kitchen storeroom. A torch was hanging on the wall in its charger bracket, she had been in that cupboard so many times and not noticed it. On the floor was a toolbox, she opened it, took out the hammer but discarded it, then a big flat bar of some sort, with a hook at one end, it was about a foot long.
“This looks like the jobby,” she said to herself. She returned to the case but could not get it in the gap between the case and frame. She went back to the storeroom and picked up the hammer, then with the bar in the right place, tapped the other end with the hammer. That worked, she put the hammer down and wriggled the bar in and twisted slightly, she repeated this until the bar was an inch in, then levered, it was working. After doing this several times the front came off, she put it down carefully on the table on a pile of towels she had not put away yet, she did not want all the nails that were sticking out to scratch the table. She picked up the sword from its hooks and placed alongside the frame on the table, going back for her certificate, then deciding to leave it there.
Once she had collected her bows and the arrows in two quivers, she sat in the chair and thought as to what she may have forgotten. She looked at the pile that was starting to mount up then thought, she would have to carry that, if she couldn’t carry it now, how would she if she was tracking through a field or the woods? That is enough, she would come back for the food later. Then she thought of it, the photo album; if her phone did not work, she would have no pictures. She rushed up to her father’s room and brought it back down to her ever-expanding pile. Now time to sort this out, she thought. She put the two knives in her rucksack along with the two Maglites she found along with several packs of batteries. She put the photo album in her overnight bag, her old tennis bag she always used as an overnight bag. She then put her parka on, the warmest coat she had, then her rucksack, loosening the straps of the quivers and then putting them over her left shoulder and both bows over her right. She laid the sword between the handles of the tennis bag, grabbed her keys and locked the door on the way out.
Back in Matt’s garage he had almost finished clearing all the junk, as he put it, the lawn mower sat on the lawn at the back with copious tins of paint, a broken trestle, gardening tools, bicycles, old toys, plant pots, and several boxes. The shelves were empty, two picnic tables were erected along with a pasting table, no wallpaper had ever seen that table, she knew. It had all been swept and was ready for Don when he returned.
“You are taking all that,” Matt said.
“Not the tennis bag, which is just my overnight bag while I am here,” she explained, “but the rest, yes, all of it. Wait ‘til you work out what you are taking. Getting your computer and Xbox in your rucksack is going to be interesting,” she jested.
“Ha, ha, ha, suppose you think you’re funny; I have something to wipe that smirk off your face, you can help me put that lot in the pool house,” he retorted.
“Just joking, don’t get your knickers in a twist.”
After putting everything in the pool house and locking the door, they return to the kitchen and made drinks. It was not long before Don returned. He backed up to the garage and then came in, indicating he wouldn't mind a drink as well, if Matt did not mind making him one. He was exhausted. He had been rushing around everywhere, but still had a lot to get before he was finished. They sat down and went through everything Don had picked up. Retrieving the packs of zip-lock bags from the van, he gave them to Matt and told him what dried food to put into them, and not to forget at least one jar of Ovaltine. Amongst the items Don had picked up, there were five new rucksacks, camo coloured, in three sizes, two large ones, two medium ones, and one smaller one. They were a lot better than the ones Bella or Matt already had. Bella decided she would transfer hers over later in her room. She did not want Matt rummaging through her underwear. They laid everything out on the table and then checked everything off the list. Once this was done, they put it all on the shelves to one side, returning to the kitchen to start repacking the food, and Don's Ovaltine.
Don returned a couple of hours later. He came in first, and had a cup of tea, then he led Bella and Matt out to the van to help him unload. He let Matt open the back door first, as he wanted to see the look on his face. His eyes lit up as he could not believe it. Sitting there, as bold as brass, in the middle of the floor, was a brand-new compound crossbow and three packs of bolts to go with it.
“That’s why you did not go into detail in the kitchen about what you had brought back,” said Matt.
“I wanted to see the look on your face when you saw it, I wasn’t going to spoil the surprise, your face was a picture, the picture of surprise I was expecting, you did not think I was going to get you one, did you?” he asked.
“No, I didn't. I thought you were avoiding the subject, so I said nothing,” Matt answered.
“Glad your old dad can still surprise you then,” Don said, “the arrows are in the cardboard tube in the front seat Bella, hope they are the right ones. I have just one more place to go, the camping shop for the fire starter, a good all-round knife and Paracord, then we can start sorting it out. Have either of you thought of anything I have missed?” Don asked.
“Some bungy cord to tie everything down if we end up using the canoes and some duffle bags, waterproof ones.”
“I will just get the shotgun shells locked away and then I will be off again for the last run. I should be back by four. See you both later.”
He pulled the van away from the garage and closed the door. A short while later, they heard him drive off.
They started emptying the boxes and carrier bags. They were surprised to find four shotgun shoulder straps; each could hold 56 shells. They wondered why he had bought four, seemed a bit odd, he would look more like Mad Max than Don, the electrician, wearing four of them.
After unpacking everything, and filling several bags with packaging, they ticked everything off the list. They then put the rubbish sacks in the pool house, out of the way, and they went up to the kitchen. By the time they had finished packing all the dried goods, and getting them down to the garage, laying it all out on the table, Don returned with the last few items they needed. Don had also brought back three large, piping hot pizzas and three portions of chips.
“I thought you might be hungry,” he said. “We will eat this before we do anything else. I think we need five minutes' rest.”
“Or thirty, more like,” Matt said, “and almost no washing up, hooray”.
They ate in silence. They were too hungry to talk. They just sat there, tucking into the food. It was several minutes after they finished eating before anyone spoke. Bella broke the silence.
“This is probably the last take away pizza I will ever eat. Come to that, it will be the last chip shop chips as well. What a horrible thought that is.”
It went quiet again. You could hear a pin drop. Nobody spoke, they didn't even look at each other, they all seemed to be looking into their laps, until Don spoke up.
“I think we'll call it a day for today. We'll pick this up again tomorrow. Everyone looked tired. We should probably get some sleep. I will see you in the morning.” With that, he went into the bathroom.
Bella and Matt looked at each other and nodded, said goodnight and walked up the stairs, Bella first, followed by Matt, vanishing into their rooms.
Chapter Eleven.
Three days earlier – Packing day.
Bella sat on the bed in the dark, not wanting to see how she must look, the guilt obvious on her face in the mirror. When she had said it downstairs, the last takeaway pizza she was likely to ever eat, a new realisation sank in, everyone felt it. She had meant it as just a quip, a half-hearted joke of some sort. She had just said it, the words just flowed out of her mouth before she knew what she was saying. She felt the guilt run over her, her sorrow. She wished she had not opened her mouth, she wished she could take it back; it was one thing thinking it, but saying it, that made it real. It had killed any conversation that may have ensued, stone dead, it had hit Don hardest, it took the wind out of him; I hope he feels better tomorrow, she thought, sitting there in the dark. She would repack her new rucksack to take her mind off it, as if she could forget. Then she changed her mind.
Bella got undressed and buried herself under the covers, her head racing, unable to sleep. Would she ever sleep now? After Saturday, would she ever sleep in a bed again? She had to stop this panicking; she was going to her grandparents; she would be safe there. There was plenty of room for everyone. They would have ample food laid in; they always did. Anyway, with the chickens, goats, sheep, and pigs, it would be easier than living in town with all the unrest they could expect. Her plans would all disappear, no commonwealth games, she’d never get to the Olympics. Was it even worth doing her fencing practice this week? She would never get to using it. Why waste her time going on Friday? She was better spending her time preparing for Saturday’s CME. But what if it was a damp squib like last Sunday? She was conflicted - she did not know what to do. She would look at the internet again tomorrow and decide what to do then.
She awoke to a startled feeling, and she got a jolt in the pit of her stomach upon hearing a loud knock on the bedroom door. It was light out, and she felt confused and disorientated until she realised, she was at Matt’s, and that she must have slept after all. The knock came again, even louder this time, and still bleary-eyed and still finding her bearings, she spoke.
“Yes, who is it?”
“Don,” came the answer, “breakfast in 10 minutes. It’s ten o’clock. I’ll see you downstairs,” he said.
Bella got herself out of bed and into the bathroom. Her bladder was screaming at her. After a shower, she got dressed and went down to the kitchen, where Don was making breakfast.
“No, Matt?” she asked.
“He’s in the basement. He will be back up some time, I have told him, but you know what he is like when he gets his eyes locked on to that computer screen. What would you like for breakfast? I am doing eggs on toast if you wish. Might even have some mushrooms I could fry up if you are interested?”
“Sounds good to me, whatever you are having,” Bella answered.
Bella looked at Don. He seemed a lot more composed than he was last night. Was he putting on a brave face, or was he genuinely at peace with the events? She could not be sure? Don passed Bella a cup of Ovaltine and then a few minutes later, he passed her a plate of toast, with two eggs and a good portion of mushrooms. Then he walked to the basement door and hollered to Matt.
“Breakfast, now.”
Shortly later, Matt appeared, sat at the breakfast bar, and said, “Thanks, dad.”
They all sat there eating in an uneasy silence. Bella expected Don to say something, but he didn’t. She waited a while but realised that it was down to her.
“We need to sort out what we are taking, and sort out what we can carry, if we have to walk, also what we can pack into the canoes if we don’t have the van.”
Don always called it a van, but it was an old 2005, Mitsubishi L200, crew cab pickup with an Ifor Williams van back.
“If you want to start, I will do the washing up and will be with you shortly,” Bella said
“No, my job,” Matt insisted.
Don looked at Bella. He opened his mouth as if he were going to say something, but then changed his mind. Bella thought about it, then stood up and went through the door to the garage and looked at the shelves of supplies. She grabbed a few zip-lock bags and put her clothes in them to stop them from getting wet if they had to take the canoes. She picked up one of the rucksacks, put it on the empty table, opened it, and put her clothes in the rucksack. She then hooked it on the hanging baggage scales Matt had attached to the metal Dexion racking. It just registered half a kilo. She added eight half litre bottles of water and it registered four and a half kilos. Matt and Don joined her in the garage.
“We will sort out what is going in each rucksack, one shelf per pack,” Don said, pointing at the empty five shelf Dexion metal shelving against the wall.
“Should we not see how much you can carry first?” Bella asked, “it has to be what you are comfortable safely carrying a long way.”
“I will get the 2 litre bottles,” said Matt, not giving his father time to answer.
He returned with a reusable supermarket shopping bag with six two litre bottles, then went back and collected four more. Bella put the first six into one of the large rucksacks and gestured for Don to put it on, which he did without saying anything. Once his father had done up all the straps and said he was ready, Matt added two more.
“Just one more,” Don said.
Matt added two.
“Another.”
Matt obliged.
“That’s it. So much for the twenty to thirty kilos they said on that video. Guess I’m not Rambo after all,” Don commented.
“Talking of Rambo, why these 4 shotgun shell belts? Are you going to wear all four?” Matt asked.
“No, just thought it would be easier to carry than boxes, and also easier to grab in an emergency. They would be already to use. Two in my bag and two in Bella’s dad's pack, then they are split up in the event of losing a rucksack. Canoes do tip over, you know.” Don remarked.
“That reminds me, everything needs to be in plastic bags, sealed plastic bags. We need to split everything we have between several rucksacks, and everything has to be sealed in zip-lock bags just in case we cannot use the van, as we will not have time to make everything waterproof if we end up taking the canoes,” Bella said.
“We know,” said Don sharply, then apologised for snapping.
Bella retrieved her bag and put it on the third shelf. She then asked Matt if he had sorted out the clothes he was taking with them.
“I will do that now,” said Matt.
Matt went back into the house, followed by Don, without saying anything. Bella thought Don was being off with her, but she decided it was better not to say anything for now. Matt had also noticed from the look he gave his dad. She then put four half litre bottles with her brother’s bag on the fifth shelf and twelve next to her father’s rucksack on the fourth shelf, leaving the first two shelves to Don and Matt. She then put her competition bow on her shelf and her old bow on Bobbies shelf. She had promised Bobby her old bow at Christmas and vowed to teach him once he was big enough. She bagged the clothes she had bought for Bobby and put them on his shelf. She had only brought gloves and socks for her father, as he had clothes with him already. After removing the pictures from the album, she split them into two equal piles and bagged them into zip-lock bags, adding one to her shelf, and one to her father’s. She then put all the arrows on her shelf and attached one of the quivers to the back of her rucksack. Finally, the sheathed knife, the sword on her shelf, and the matching samurai knife to her father’s shelf. She then turned over a bucket, sat on it, and looked at all the other items they would have to take with horror. How would they fit it all in? How would they carry it if they had to walk? When Matt and his father returned, Bella asked if she could look something up on his computer. Matt was okay with that. After putting the clothes on his shelf, they both left Matt's father to finish what he had to do.
As soon as they got to the basement, Matt said.
“Sorry about my father earlier, he is a bit upset. He will find it hard to leave the house, it has a lot of good memories,” he said.
“Don’t worry about it, I didn’t, I suspected it had nothing to do with me, so I took no mind of it.” Bella replied.
“Do you want me to stay?” Matt asked.
“No, I’ll be okay, see you back in the garage in a few minutes, I just want to look something up. You go and help your father sort things out, tell him to base my father’s rucksack on his, the same weight that is.”
Matt left up the stairs out of the basement. Bella first brought up the Australian observatory site and scrolled through for updates.  The first update she saw said ‘a solar flare may hit today, but the data is still unknown as it needs to be dark to check’. They had only spotted it as the dawn broke, they had not noticed it before as it was ahead of the CME, which had been outshining it.
Bella looked at the time. Just after twelve, she would check it later. The CME was still due at about five o’clock on Saturday morning, though. No change there, she thought. She then went through the news headlines on all the major sites, but there was still nothing about the CME. She did notice though; the parliament was suspended until next week, because of safety issues, whatever that meant. Also, that several of the top world leaders were meeting in Iceland for an impromptu climate summit. They know but they are never going to tell us, selfish gits, Bella thought. She then recalled a film she had watched and remembered what the president in it had said. How would it help to know something if you could not do anything about it? They would know soon enough, anyway. She was not sure if she agreed; she was only thirteen. They will know more than she could. Maybe she would keep quiet about the flare tonight as well. She returned to the garage.
“Did you find what you needed to?” asked Matt.
“Yes, just wanted to look up what I was doing on Friday at school. I am still not sure whether I am going or not yet. I will leave it until the last minute before I make up my mind,” she said.
Matt and his father had worked out what was going in each rucksack and added it to the appropriate shelves. Bella grabbed her pack and started filling it, first putting each item into an individual zip-lock bag before adding it to her dustbin bag lined rucksack. Bella then took her thick leather belt and slid the sword through the loop on to the belt, hung her bag on the scales and filled the quiver with arrows. Just over eleven kilos, she added another pack of pasta, then some extra Vaseline coated cotton balls with four more disposable lighters and two lots of matches. In one side pocket, she put another bottle of water and a lock knife. In another pocket, she put a compass and a map she had printed off of their route. In the last pocket, she put a small torch and several energy bars. Finally, she attached the multi-tool to a keyring and dog clip and clipped it to the outside for quick access. She then took one of the new slimline sleeping bags, using the straps attached it to the bottom of the bag. Just over twelve kilos, she put on her Doc Martens, strapped the sword to her waist. She then put the rucksack on, with Matt's help, and picked up her bow. In the back garden she walked around, doing four full laps, returned to the garage and announced.
“Not too bad, I think I can carry this as far as I need to.”
She hooked it on one of the shelves uprights and returned the bow and sword to the shelf. She then repeated the same process with her brother’s rucksack, topping it out at six and a half kilos. Don had already started her father’s, so left him to it while she went to the bathroom and then grabbed a drink of water from the kitchen. It had been an uneasy silence in the garage. She just needed a break from the tension.
When Bella returned to the garage, she found Matt in the doorway to the garden, watching his father walking around with a rucksack on his back, his heavy parka coat draped over the top of his rucksack, and carrying a sledgehammer. It took her a moment to realise this was to represent the shotgun. Like Bella, he walked around the garden four times before coming in. He put down the sledgehammer and confirmed he would be happy carrying it for a long distance. After taking off his rucksack and hanging it up, he proceeded to finish filling Bella’s father's rucksack to match his. Matt was next. He went into the garden with trepidation; he felt a bit self-conscious as he walked around the garden, but he did it. He hung up the pack and crossbow after returning and announced he would be able to take another kilo and added two more bottles of water. Bella put the rest of her arrows in her other quiver and put it on her brother’s shelf. These would be in the canoe next to her, easy to reach in an emergency.
Very little was said over the next hour as they packed the extra food in rubble sacks and taped them up with thick brown tape. The remaining four six packs of water were still in their wrapper, and they decided to leave them that way for now.  The bungy straps were packed inside of the tarps as they would be used to cover and tie down everything in the canoes.  The camping stove and an extra bottle of gas were placed into a reusable carrier bag; as they did not have to be wrapped up, they would be used each day.
Chapter Twelve.
Three days earlier – Don.
Don went out to the van and started it up. They were expecting him to reverse it into the garage, so they opened the door, but instead he drove off. He hadn’t said he was going anywhere; they didn’t know where he was going or when he’d be back. It had been a busy day, so they decided to watch a video on Netflix in the basement until Matt’s father got back.
Two hours had passed by the time Don returned. He made his way back into the kitchen, put his purchases on the breakfast bar, then called Matt and Bella.
“Thought of a few things that we’d forgotten. First, there’s two telescopic fishing rods, extra hooks, some plastic lures, and extra line. I also picked up four large waterproof ponchos, just in case it rains while we’re paddling the canoes, a fisherman’s knife yes, I know, it looks like Rambo’s knife; thought I’d say it before you two did and tonight’s dinner. Deep pan pizza and chips for you Bella, regular thin pizza and chips for Matt, and a Chinese takeaway for me. For the next two nights we’ll have to have takeout. Hope you don’t mind?” Don said.
Bella took the joke with good humour. Don was a lot more himself, she thought. They chatted jovially about everything (other than the elephant in the room) even cracking a few jokes. They planned tomorrow night's dinner: Matt and Bella had decided to have the same again, Don wasn't sure whether it was going to be an Indian or Thai takeaway; he might even have fish and chips, he wasn't sure. He would see what he felt like tomorrow. Then, they went back to the subject of the bug out. Don asked Bella if there were any life jackets in the lockup by the river.
“Yes, there are several, all different sizes. Must be at least ten of them? We can try them on and pick the three which fit best,” she answered.
“Tomorrow, before we load the van, we’ll go down there and check out the canoes to make sure that they’re alright and there’s no problems, if that's OK with you Bella? I take it you have the keys.”
“Yeah, they’re still in the house but I know where they are. I’ll grab them in the morning,” she said, “there’s a few other things I’d like to pick up at the house at the same time too. Just small things though.
“Okay then. After breakfast, pick up the keys and the things you need, we can then make our way down to the river to check things out.  When we get back, we can fill the van, so it’ll be all ready for Friday,” said Don.
“Sounds like a plan,” both Bella and Matt said in unison.
After clearing the packaging from dinner, Matt and Bella went back down to the basement to finish watching the film. Don, on the other hand, walked around the house, looking to see if there was anything else that he wanted to take with him. Like Bella, he picked up a photo album and a few framed pictures, which he took out of their frames. He packed everything into zip-lock bags and added them to his rucksack, then started wandering around again. Apart from a few of his wife’s things he wanted to keep, mainly jewellery, he found nothing else.
He then grabbed the wooden box of very expensive cigars someone had given him for Christmas. He didn't really smoke, but he did like the odd cigar now and again. Don went outside to smoke one. It was quite dark now, there was a crisp cold breeze in the air. He sat on the deckchair by the pool and lit his cigar. He pondered over the things he would leave behind; that set of golf clubs he agonised over buying because of the price, his collection of Hornby trains, his tools, his clothes and shoes, his computer and mobile phone (they’d no longer be any good), the pool that cost far more than the original quote, and all the things that reminded him of his wife. Not forgetting the house, that he had just finished paying for, five months ago. Then he noticed it, the sky, it was flickering. It got brighter, and brighter, then he went back inside and called the kids.
“The northern lights,” he called at the top of his voice, “Matt, Bella, get out here now! It’s happening.”
He stepped back out through the patio doors. Bella and Matt came rushing up from the basement to join Don outside. They stared in amazement at the spectacle in silence. This wasn’t meant to be happening today, Max thought. It just kept getting brighter until it was light enough to read a book. It was as if it was daylight. Even the outside lights that illuminated the garden went out, but they realised the censor must have thought it was daytime. Matt went and looked out the front window, into the street, across the city, to see if he could see any lights going out, but they all seemed to be still on. He joined the other two in the back garden on the patio, watching the aurora without speaking. It continued for four hours, then slowly faded away.
Back inside, they sat and discussed what they've just seen. Don speculated that it might have been the CME they were expecting on Saturday night. Bella looked up and cut him off.
“Sorry, I have a confession to make. Earlier I saw a reference to this on that Aussie website, saying there’d be a solar flare. I thought they said tomorrow, I’ll check in a minute. They said they’d missed it because of something to do with light. Honestly, I can’t really remember. I forgot I was going to check for updates tonight. I was going to have another look, but just forgot. I forgot, I'm sorry, I should have said something. I just wanted to see what they had on their site tonight before I said anything, just in case it was going to be another non-event like Sunday.”
“That’s okay,” said Don, “we’ll look now.”
They all went down the stairs. Matt fired up the computer again. He had flicked the switch as he left the basement earlier. Once the computer had done all its twiddly bits (as Don put it), Matt logged into Windows. As it was loading all the start-up apps, a message popped up. ‘No internet connection’. Matt checked the router; it was on but flashing red.
“The solar flare must have taken out something to do with the internet,” Matt said, “they’ll fix it soon, I expect.” He didn’t sound that confident.
They went upstairs to the living room and Don reached for the Sky controller to turn on the TV. It was just static. He then flicked it over to terrestrial TV. Again, static.
“Something must have gone down,” Don said, “no TV or Sky, and no internet.”
Matt pulled his phone out of his pocket. It turned on, but no signal. They looked at each other. The power was the thing they were expecting to lose, not communications, not now. All they could hope was that it would come back tomorrow.
Chapter Thirteen.
Two days earlier – The Silence.
Thursday morning, Bella was showered, dressed, and downstairs before everyone. It was seven thirty. She went into the basement to collect her phone where she had left it on Matt’s desk. She turned it on, expecting the signal to be back. It wasn’t. There was no signal. She turned on the safety switch and fired up the computer as Matt came down the stairs behind her.
“Beat me to it,” he said with a smile in his voice, “had the same idea as me.”
Noticing Bella’s phone on the desk, he added, “No signal like me, I guess?” pointing at her phone
“No. Totally dead.” she said.
While the computer was booting up, Matt looked at the router. It was flashing red. He pointed at the router and Bella got the message, loud and clear.
“Leave it on,” Matt said. “We’ll check it later. You never know. Let’s get some breakfast.”
Back upstairs, Don was flicking optimistically through the TV channels, but there was nothing but static. He looked at them, then stared into space.
“Got it,” he said, “Old school, be back in about ten minutes.”
He picked up his keys and was out the door before either of them could say anything. They looked at each other in total confusion.
“I’ll make breakfast,” said Matt. “Do you want to get that stuff from your house while I get it started?”
“Good idea, I won’t be long.”
Bella opened the front door and went in; she had forgotten her list but knew what she needed. First, she pulled the keys for the lockup off the hook on the back of the door to the pantry. In her room, she went to her bedside table, reached in, and found the small heart-shaped box and put it in her pocket, then picked up her diary. Then, from her chest of draws she pulled out her ski gloves. In her father’s room, she found and pocketed his old half-hunter pocket watch, the one she had repaired for him for Christmas. She looked around the room, feeling she had forgotten something, but nothing stood out. In her brother’s room, she found his ski gloves and Pinocchio pencil sharpener and pencil set dad had given him. In the living room, she found the fencing sword-shaped pen that she had been gifted. Finally, in the kitchen, she picked up a small knife-sharpening stone, then went back to Matt’s.
Bella and Matt had just finished their breakfast when his dad returned. He was carrying a large stack of newspapers and plonked them on the breakfast bar.
“See now what you mean by old school,” Bella said.
“More than one way to skin a cat,” Don said.
This went over the heads of both Matt and Bella. Don grabbed the last two slices of toast and went into the living room, sitting in his favourite chair. After depositing the stack of papers on the coffee table, he picked one off the pile and scanned through it. Bella joined him, passing him a yellow highlighter, one of two she found (a yellow one and a green one in the kitchen), and said, “Mark anything you think relevant, and I’ll do the same.”
With that, she picked a newspaper from the stack. There was little about the solar flare the night before, other than about how bright and pretty it was. Bella was looking for something different, though, things that stood out around the world. The US president was taking an early holiday after returning from an impromptu climate summit, the French president no one had seen in days, all the vocal expert solar astronomers had made no comments, our own prime minister was suspending parliament until next week, loads of references to troop movements in different places you wouldn’t expect, the early launch of two submarines no one knew were ready yet, and Friday’s COP29 had been postponed. But the big thing that wasn’t there was anything about the internet, mobile phones and lack of TV. Any one of those services going down on a normal day would have been front-page news.
“Do you see what I do, or don’t see?” Bella said.
“What do you mean?” Don asked.
She explained and pointed out the stories she had found, then what she had not found. The penny dropped.
“Wow,” said Don, “and I thought I was the intelligent one. I see what you mean.”
“Yes, they’re all hunkering down in their bunkers, I expect.” Bella remarked.
Matt came in carrying drinks for everyone. He also wanted to see what they were talking about. Don filled him in on what Bella had found. Matt took one paper Bella had marked up in green highlighter, then another and another.
“I see what you mean. So much for any help we’re likely to get. They’re covering their own asses first, to hell with the rest of us. Are you still going to school, Bella? If not, we could leave today?” Matt said,
“I’d like to, but”
She was cut off by Don.
“We have plenty of time. Let her go. We still have enough to do today. We’ll leave once she gets back from school tomorrow. One day won’t make any difference,” Don insisted.
After finishing their drinks, they set off for the lockup. Inside, they found the canoes just as Bella described them. There were enough life jackets for everyone. Once they were satisfied that the canoes were better than Don expected, and the floats for the bigger canoe were still there, they locked it up. Instead of coming straight back, Don took them to the Regent café for an early lunch. Back home, Matt unlocked the garage and opened the door to let Don back the van halfway in. By the time they had finished loading, it was late afternoon. Matt found a film on DVD and they all watched it on the television. They decided against a takeaway and settled for sandwiches instead. They sat and watched another DVD; they chose Mad Max for the hell of it. Afterwards, Bella went to bed. She wanted to be up early, even though she was not going to school until the afternoon. She wanted to spend the day in her house. She wanted to say goodbye to it, as she explained it to Matt, but he still did not understand. He was going to watch DVDs all day, or so he thought.
Bella had breakfast on Friday morning with Matt and his father before returning home. She wasn’t sure what she was going to do, she just needed to be there. She did a bit of light dusting, washed up the few things that had been left in the sink for days, put some washing on, then made herself a drink. She sat in the recliner chair, thinking of what she read yesterday. Realising this was depressing her, she flicked through her videos, settling on one of her favourites, ‘Alita, Battle Angel’. She put it on and sat back down with her hot drink. The film took her mind off things, and before she knew it, the film finished. She put on her uniform, picked up her fencing bag, and walked to school in a daze. After her lessons she made her way to the changing rooms, checking first they were empty, changed into her fencing clothes, picked up the foil and face guard and walked down the short corridor to the sports hall, where her instructor was waiting.
Chapter Fourteen.
Thursday - Robert’s day out.
Robert, Bella’s father, got up early. The sun had just come up. He liked this time of the morning. His father, Bernard, was lighting the fire, ready for breakfast. Bernard liked a full breakfast in the morning. It set him up for the day. Marjory, his mother, Bella’s grandmother, was getting everything ready. Once the stove had warmed up, she put an old, enamelled kettle on the top. Then she placed a large heavy, cast-iron skillet on to heat, and a smaller one next to it. She cracked two eggs into a cup, put two rashers of bacon in the pan, two goat sausages she had made the day before, some mushrooms and a tomato sliced in half, one she had just picked that morning from the greenhouse, along with several others. The kettle came to the boil, and she made a large pot of tea in a teapot that matched the dark blue kettle. She put the kettle at the back of the old Rayburn stove, unhooked the fish slice hanging from the mantlepiece, and dished up Bernard’s breakfast. All without a word being said. Bernard pulled up his chair and smiled at his wife. They did not have to speak to know the understanding and love between them. They had been together since primary school and married for over fifty years.
She looked at Robert and said, “same for you, son?”
Robert nodded, sitting in a chair next to his father. It had always been a quiet house. Robert knew they didn’t talk if they didn’t have to, it had always been like that growing up there. He liked the slow pace of life, no TV, no computer, no phones, although he was overdue to phone Bella and bring her up to speed on his plans.  She knew he wasn’t coming back until Sunday morning, he just felt he needed to confirm it.
“Mum, I need to go into the village today. Will you be alright looking after Bobby for a couple of hours?”
“Yes, he can help me milk the goat. He’ll like that. Your father is going in to pick up some things for me after he’s fed the animals. You best go with him.”
Robert helped his father feed the animals while his mother made her and Bobby breakfast. Then they loaded three metal jerry cans in the back of an old series two Land Rover pickup. It was older than him, but still going strong and in excellent condition. His father looked after it well. It was the ideal vehicle for their track, a two-mile compacted dirt track that transformed into mud in the winter. Then, he loaded the large wooden flat-topped sea chest that they used to transport the groceries in. Robert said goodbye to Bobby, and they set off on the short but bumpy ten-mile trip.
The village was small. About sixty houses, a pub, a small shop and post office run by the community, and a garage with a two-pump petrol station, one petrol and one diesel, all of which was next to each other. They went to the petrol station and Robert filled the jerry cans with petrol while his father filled the Land Rover. Once paid for, they parked next door in the Travellers Rest pub carpark and walked over to the shop. Robert went into the old-fashioned red phone box to phone Bella, but there was no dial tone. He put the phone down and then picked it up to try again, but it was dead. He went into the shop to see if he could use theirs but was told there were no phones in the village working. When he got back to the farm, he contemplated taking his car to the nearest town, but that was twenty miles away. Twice that journey would take him home. His mother just said the same as his father on the way back.
“Don’t worry son, that girl has her head screwed on straight. She knew you weren’t coming back until Sunday. She’ll be fine. Stop worrying.”
He knew they were right, but he still could not settle. He just wanted to speak to her for his own peace of mind. He couldn’t help thinking of the NIMBYs that stopped the phone tower going on Scar Pike.
Chapter Fifteen.
Bella – Present day - Flames all around.
The flames were getting worse.  Bella looked around, flaming bits of the ceiling were falling to the floor. The flames on the ceiling were like ripples on a pond after throwing a stone in. It was hot and smoky, and she struggled to breathe. The vaulting horse, she realised, she could use it as a battering ram. She wasn’t sure she could get to it, and what about the wheels? Where was the lever for the wheels? Not ever having used it she didn’t know how it worked. She had seen others do it, so it could be done, but at the end of the day, she didn’t know how. Then looked around for something else, but there was nothing. It had to be the vaulting horse. She took off her t shirt, then her bra, then quickly put her t-shirt back on. She put one of the cups over her nose and mouth, cursing she did not have a bigger chest and thus a bigger bra, quickly tied the straps behind her head, making a makeshift mask. She pressed herself against the wall, working her way along to the far side, trying to avoid the falling bits of burning debris. She reached the vaulting horse and felt around for the lever to get the wheels down, found it, but it didn’t work. She went down on her knees to get a better look and noticed the lever needed pulling out so a foot could be used to operate it. After pulling out the lever she stood. The flames were getting worse, pressing on the lever, the horse rose slightly, and heard a distinct click. Hesitating a little, she gave it a gentle push, not expecting it to move, but it did easily. She now had to get the horse into alignment with the door, but that meant the middle of the hall. The floor was reasonably clear, just some small bits of the ceiling. She looked up and saw a large piece hanging down. It could fall at any moment. She would have to do it now. She may not get another chance. She started coughing again and pulled her t-shirt up to cover her nose a little more. The heavily padded bra was doing a good job. She gritted her teeth and pushed, turning the horse as she reached the centre of the hall to aim it at the doors fifteen feet away.  She pushed as fast as she could as the large piece of the ceiling came crashing to the floor. The vaulting horse barrelled into the doors, and they flew open. She was free.
Bella ran down the hallway as fast as she could, still coughing. At the end of the hallway, she could see if she went left to the front door she would be heading back towards the changing rooms. They were on fire. She would need to get past the changing rooms to get to the front entrance. She went right, towards the emergency exit at the back of the school. Bella made her way quickly, but she could not run anymore. The emergency door was in sight at the end of this corridor. She stepped up her pace, longing to be in fresh air. Suddenly, a door halfway down blew open and flames danced out. The science lab. She had no choice; she had to backtrack. But as she turned, she saw a wall of smoke in that direction. Nowhere to go, after everything. She leant her back against the wall, sliding down to a sitting position in despair, head in hands. She looked in both directions, then at the wall opposite and thought about how safety was just a foot the other side of that wall.
She thought of her father and her little brother. She would never see them again. They wouldn’t know what happened to her. They would be looking for her, her father would never give up. It seemed like hours had passed, but it was just minutes. The other rooms! There were two other rooms! She could get out of the window. She stood up and felt the door to the right of her. It was stone cold. She touched the handle. It was cold as well. She twisted it and pushed slowly, but it was locked. She screamed in frustration, stifled by her makeshift mask. She turned back down the hall to the art room, which should be open, reaching the door, felt the door, felt the handle, both cold. She tried the door, but it was also locked. She kicked the wall as hard as she could, much more frustrated now. Her boot went into the wall; it was just plasterboard. She kicked it again. More plaster broke away, then worked at it with her hands and broke off large chunks. She could see the inner wall and kicked as hard as she could, but her foot just bounced back. She tried again, but it didn’t break. Why? Then realised there was a bookcase on the other side. It was full of heavy art books. Envisaging the layout, a mental picture of the room realising that wall. It had bookcases and cupboards all along that wall. She cursed again. Then thought, the French room! There was nothing under the white board. Returning to the first door she tried, she mapped out where the whiteboard was and lined up her boot. She started kicking, then ripping large pieces off, then she kicked at the inner wall. It broke. She continued until she could crawl through. Once inside the room, she went to the window and opened it. The window stopped. It had opened just a few inches and stopped. Some safety features. What now? Then she tried the others, but the same result. She picked up a chair and threw it at the window, but it just bounced off. She was stunned. She tried again, thinking it was a fluke that it didn’t break. Again, it bounced off. She studied the window frame, trying to work out what was stopping the window opening and found it, it was held on by just one screw. She searched the room for something to unscrew it, but all the doors and cupboards were locked. She sat at the teacher’s desk, trying to think of a solution. She looked all around the room, but there was nothing apart from chairs and desks and they were screwed to the floor. She looked behind her. She didn’t see it at first, or at least it didn’t register. The roll down projector screen, in a cylindrical metal case above the whiteboard. It was just hooked on, stood up and unhooked it. Returning to the window, she tried bashing the bracket stopping the window opening, but it wasn’t working. She looked at it again, then tried getting it behind the stay instead. She managed it. Putting all her weight behind it, the arm popped off the window and the window opened. Without hesitation, she dropped the screen, climbed out the window, and ran.
Chapter Sixteen.
Present day – Matt – Father is missing.
Matt pulled the safety pin out of the extinguisher, pointed it in the direction of the flames, and squeezed the trigger handle. It only took seconds to put out the flames. He was coughing and wheezing. The smoke. He needed to open the door and get out. Within seconds he was outside, still coughing, struggling for breath. He went into the pool house where there was a larger extinguisher if he needed it, even though he knew the fire was out. He grabbed a towel from the pool house shower room, wet it down and wrapped it around his face. He took a few deep breaths and went back in, extinguisher in hand, to make sure it was out. It was. He opened the window and stepped into the dining room, closing the door. He opened the window, leaving through the hallway, then the front door, leaving it open to clear any smoke that got into the rest of the house. Once he had stopped coughing, he went back into the house and opened every window, then left back through the front door.
He made his way around the back again to check on the kitchen through the open door. A lot of smoke still bellowed out, but no flames as far as he could see. He went back out and collapsed on the lawn. He lay there watching the smoke now only trickling out the back door and side window. He had been laying there for several minutes when he realised, the humming there was none. The hum of the city, there was always a hum of the city, even at night. The power lines, he had forgotten about them; he had seen sparking from the power lines before he was distracted with the kitchen. The CME, had it just happened? He was not sure, but one thing he was sure of was that it was noticeably quiet. He stood up and went over to the pool house and turned on the lights, but nothing. He looked at the panel for the sauna; it was dark, there was always a bright green led at the top, but it was not on. Not believing what he was seeing, he went around the front of the house and in through the door without stopping. He hesitated, then tried the lights in the hallway. Nothing. He was stunned for a few moments; the CME wasn’t due to happen until the following morning. How did they get it so wrong? They had been so sure.
Back outside, he turned and stared at the house, but he was not sure why. He then turned and looked at the other houses. Some people were outside, but they did not look panicked in any way. He looked across the city; it was still light, and the sun was shining. There were no lights that he could see, but he could not be sure if that was because there were none, or if it was too light to see if there were any on.
He went back to the back garden to see if he could here if there was any traffic on the dual carriage way, but it was silent. He sat in the middle of the lawn and listened for any sounds as he lay back and stared at the sky. He still could not get his head around what was happening, everything he read on the Aussie observatory site pointed out that it was happening tomorrow, not today. He had read through it several times, Bella had been right through it, even some of the updates.  There was nothing in yesterday’s papers about it, though Bella was not surprised. He lay there looking up when he saw a flicker. As he got used to the light in the sky, he realised that there were little green swirls up there; they were faint, but they were still visible, definitely there, it had happened. He was panicking, though he had a viable reason to panic.  He then asked himself where Bella was, she should have been home by now. Maybe she had been in her house and hadn’t realised what was happening. Nobody else in the road seemed to be too concerned, maybe the fire in the kitchen had made him more aware of it.
He jumped to his feet and made his way round to the front of Bella’s house; he pounded on the door, but there was no answer. Where was she? Should he walk to the school to see if she was still there? What if they missed each other on the way? He did not know what to do, wait or go look for her. He hated making decisions. He preferred it when someone else did it for him. He would have to check the fire was out before going anywhere. He would also have to lock up the house. He turned and made his way back to the house, going in through the front door, through into the dining room, opening the kitchen door carefully. The fire was out, just a little smoke in there, but it was out. He decided to close all of the windows before going back into the kitchen so that there would be a little extra time for the smoke to clear out of the room. He started upstairs, working his way from the bedroom, closing the windows and doors as he went, before coming back downstairs. He went into the living room, closed the patio doors, and made his way back to the kitchen. In the kitchen, the smoke had all but cleared; he left the side window ajar but closed the back door.
Back in the living room, he slumped into his father’s chair, when it dawned on him his dad was meant to be back, but he wasn’t. He had gone to drop some papers at his work. He had the van; he was going to fill it up with petrol on his way back. The van had all their stuff in it, all their bugout stuff. He could be miles away from here, miles away from the lockup, probably broken down, affected by the CME.
Chapter Seventeen.
Don – Earlier that Day.
They had their breakfast before Matt had gone down to the basement to play a DVD game, Don went into the living room and collapsed in his comfortable chair, his favourite one. He had bought it with some of the money left in a will by his mother, who had died a few years earlier. It was a lovely ruby red leather reclining chair. It was so comfortable that he had fallen asleep in it several times, only to wake up in the morning with a stiff neck. He was at a loose end; he was not sure what he was going to do for the rest of the day while they waited for Bella to return from school. He decided to go around the house one more time and have a last look to see if he had forgotten anything that he wanted to take with him. He started in the bedroom, but the only things he found were his thick wool socks he wore in his heavy leather boots and a pair of thick fleece gloves. Leaving them on the bed for now, he sat down and looked out the window. It was going to be hard leaving the house; it had a lot of wonderful memories.  He and Matt’s mother Tina had painted their son’s nursery together, and much more that he cared to think about. He was going to miss it.
He stood and picked up the gloves and socks. He made his way downstairs to the living room, looked around, and saw his briefcase. Placing the gloves and the socks on the table, he retrieved the briefcase and sat back in his chair. Upon opening it, right at the top sat a set of blueprints for a job which they were starting at the weekend for the museum while it was closed. He would have to take these into the office. They would need them for tomorrow, if there even was a tomorrow. Good point, did it really matter? Was he worrying about something that was unlikely to be important tomorrow? It would give him something to do. They knew he was off this week; he had told them he needed to look after his sick son. They had sent no one round for them, but - Hell, why not? He would go this afternoon. They ate lunch then he grabbed the new jerry can, telling Matt that he was leaving, before he started the van and drove away.
Traffic was light on the roads, it usually was at this time of day. He made good time across to the other side of town. He drove into the carpark and noticed there were less cars than normal, but it did not bother him. It was not unusual for some people to finish early on a Friday. He did not want to be bogged down with endless people asking about Matt, it would be all around the office by now, so he went in by the back door, up the back stairs to his supervisor Danny’s office and knocked on the door.  “Been trying to get hold of you, but these damn phones are down. They can’t even say when they’ll be back up. You’ve heard nothing, have you? You must’ve spent so many hours watching television, I know I do when my son is ill, and I have to look after him.” Danny said to him the moment Don walked in.
“No, I do a lot of reading, TV has hardly been on,” Don lied.
“Never mind. I need you to take them over to the museum, there is no one here that can do it, we have several out today for some reason,” Danny almost insisted, with a guilt trip he laid down, “you don’t mind, do you mate? Thank you.”
“Yes, I suppose so.” Resigned to doing it, as if he really had a choice.
“Good fellow. Can’t stop, I have a meeting, see you Monday, okay?” With that, Danny left Don just standing there as he exited the room. By the time Don got out of the carpark, the roads were filling up. It was Friday rush hour; Fridays were always the worst. It started early, and the traffic just seem to increase as the minutes ticked by. It was going to take ages to get to the mill museum, and there was no way of telling Matt. It was almost five-thirty by the time Don got there. The car park was empty except for one car. He hoped that meant someone was still there, and this had not been a waste of time. He parked up, picking up the folder with the plans in it. He climbed out and locked the door. Then walked across the tarmac driveway and up the wide steps to the front door.  The door was locked. Don cursed to himself, he could see that the lights were on, but nobody was at the reception desk.
After pressing the main buzzer, waited. Nobody came to answer the door, though, so he started pressing all the buttons. By now, he was not worried about pissing anyone off. After several minutes, an elderly gentleman wearing a security uniform came to the door and unlocked it.
“Yes, what can I do for you?” he asked Don.
“I have some blueprints for the electrical work being done tomorrow here. I am meant to give them to your people. I don’t have the name of the person. Can I leave them with you?” Don asked.
“No, no, I can’t take them. I will get someone and be back in a minute,” he said, closing and re-locking the door.
Don thought that was a bit rude, but sucked it up. Fifteen minutes passed before someone came back. Don had sat on the steps with his back to the door while waiting, so he didn’t see a man appear in the reception until he opened the door.
“Sorry to keep you,” a voice bellowed out. “I was in the middle of something. He should have let you in to sit down, so I’ll have a word there. It’s a bit ungracious to lock you out here, seeing as you went out of your way to get here. Please, come in, I’ll get you something hot to drink. It’ll be something out of a machine, though. Everyone else has gone home.” The man spoke. “By the way, my name is Billings – Max Billings.”
“Don,” he answered, “my name is Don.
“Come in, I will sort you out that drink, then we can quickly go through these.”
They went up several flights of stairs and into an office with a large table in the centre.
“Won’t be a moment,” Billings said.
Don laid out the plans and Billings was soon back with a plastic cup of machine coffee.
“Here you go,” he said.
They went through the plans. Don left after just over half an hour, climbing into his van and starting it, but it died just as he was putting his seatbelt on. Then he noticed it. The power lines to the museum were glowing and sparks were flying from the pole insulators. It’s started, he thought, it’s early. I’m not going to get all this home.
Chapter Eighteen.
Rachel – Trapped in a metal box.
Rachel was terrified. The lift seemed to fall for ages before stopping. She did not know what floor she was on now; she screamed at the top of her voice, then listened for movement outside. She hoped someone had heard her, but it was quiet, so quiet. The creaking started again. She gritted her teeth, expecting the lift to drop all the way this time, but it did not move. She blew out the breath she had not realised she was holding. The lift started to drop once again; it did not fall far before it stopped. She screamed as loud as she could; she kept screaming but nobody came. Then took off her shoe and started banging it against the door, then listened again. Still no sound from outside the lift. She wished she had found the lift out of service. The stairs would have been a pain, but a lesser one than this torture.
Rachel started thinking of Brenda. She must be here now in the station, waiting for her. She had hoped Brenda would make her way here after Rachel had not turned up, but she knew she would wait no matter how long it took. Brenda had not ever been here before, although she had the address, she had a lousy sense of direction. After getting lost and turning up late for the third time in a row, one of her tutors had joked that she would get lost in a signpost factory. The lift moved again, stopped and then fell a lot further, stopping with a jolt. Figuring she may be on another floor, she screamed and banged on the lift door, then listened. She repeated the process several times, but it was eerily quiet. She wondered if the world had ended without her realising, and felt herself getting uncharacteristically angry. The lift started falling again, but this time there was a blood-curdling screeching sound. Stopping abruptly, knocking her off her feet, she slumped to the floor of the lift. She had to get someone’s attention.
Rachel pulled herself up from the floor, her knee screamed with pain and Rachel cried out in agony. She reached down to it, it was sore and bleeding.  Rachel felt light-headed and collapsed to the floor again. She did not know how long she had been out, it could have been minutes, hours or even days. Rachel wasn’t sure how she could know, without any clock or a window to even see if it was day or night. She had dropped her shoe, she was not sure whether to scream, she may pass out again. She reached around for the shoe but could not find it. She carefully bent her bad leg, pulled off the remaining shoe and started beating the lift door. This time she thought she heard something. She struck her shoe as hard as she could on the door and kept beating until she heard someone knocking back. It was a surprise. She was not sure if it was real, but the knocking was back again, then a voice, she could not hear what they were saying, but it was definitely a voice. She banged again to make sure they knew she was there, this time she made out what the voice was saying.
“We will have you out soon, hang on.”
Tears welled up in her eyes she had almost given up on being rescued, but someone had found her, they had heard her, she would be out soon, she was safe. She heard creaking again, it got louder, and she sat with her back pressed against the wall of the lift waiting for the lift to plummet again. She gritted her teeth, eyes closed, hands over her face. She felt movement, then the doors opened, and a torch shone in, and hands helped her to her feet and out of the lift at last. She was free from her metal tomb. She hugged the man, the man she had only ever smiled at before as she passed, it was the security guard.
“Let me breathe girl, let me come up for air, please,” he gasped, “you are safe now, take a seat, I will get you a drink, just give me a moment.”
He led her to a chair against the wall, then vanished through a door, returning just a few minutes later with a bottle of water.
“Sorry, all I have,” he said, “the power is out, been out for hours. You were lucky, the lift creeped down to the ground floor, or I would have not known you were in there.”
She cracked the top off the bottle and almost downed it in one; she had not realised how thirsty she was.
“What time is it?” she asked.
“Not sure exactly, clocks are all electric, but it must be around two, maybe three in the morning, I guess,” he said.
“My friend, my friend Brenda, she, I mean I should have been meeting her off the York train, she will be waiting for me, I must go and find her, she will be waiting in the station, she would not.”
The security guard cut her off.
“You are going nowhere, you are not ready to go anywhere, you need some rest, if she has waited this long a little longer won’t hurt, I have the keys to the show flat, I don’t expect they will be showing it tomorrow with the power out and everything going on, there is a fire in the other block. But don’t worry, my wife Helen will help you in the flat and get you settled in. Go with her.”
All this time, a woman had been just to her right and Rachel had not noticed her, totally oblivious to any other person there.
“Come on, my dear, let's get you comfortable, Greg, my husband will get the doctor to give you a look over. He won’t be long,” Helen said.
Then Helen helped her into the flat, took her through to one of the bedrooms, gestured for her to lie down, removed her shoes and covered her up.
“If a short woman with the same colour hair as I comes looking for me, her name is Brenda.”
Rachel's voice trailed off as she put her head on the pillow.
Chapter Nineteen.
Brenda – Rivers of blood.
Screaming. Brenda woke to screaming all around her. She could see nothing. Everything was dark. Her face was wet, she was disorientated, not knowing where she was. She tried to make sense of it. Who was screaming? Why was it dark? Why did her face feel wet? A searing pain in her head, her side, she felt like she had been kicked in the chest. But why, why can’t I see? she thought. It all came flooding back. She was going to see Rachel; she was on the train, the sparks, the car, seeing the seats going flying past. No, she was wrong; it was her flying over the seats. That was it. The train had crashed; she had been in a train crash. She reached up and wiped her eyes; the liquid had a coppery smell, things started to come into focus, but almost instantly fogged up again as this liquid streamed over her face again, she re-wiped her eyes, as she pulled her hand away from her face she realised, this liquid was blood, her blood, so much of it. It was then that she also realised she was trapped. Something was pressing against her head, something was pressing against her legs, something was pressing against her chest. Her tongue stung, she must have bitten it, there was something in her mouth, she was reluctant to prod it with her tongue; it hurt, and she did not want to exasperate it; she tried to spit it out but couldn’t. It was stopping her from closing her mouth; the blood was getting in, she could taste it now. She felt around her face to see if she had any nasty cuts, jagged skin, anything that may be sticking into her. Then she found it. There it was, sticking out the side of her face, her left cheek. What was it? She felt again; it was something round, not long and hexagonal, a pencil, just a pencil, but all the same it hurt.
Her teeth hurt, her tongue stung, and she could not move it. She put her finger into her mouth; it had gone right through; it was all the way in and into her tongue; she pulled her finger away; I have to do this; I have to do this now. She carefully but firmly took hold of the pencil and counted down in her mind. Three, two, one, go, and pulled out the pencil, her tooth exploded into pain, her tongue was agony, but her cheek did not hurt much, which surprised her. She spat out the blood along with something small. Even though her tongue hurt, It involuntarily inspected her mouth, finding the hole in her cheek. It smarted as her tongue touched it, and she pulled her tongue away and spat out more liquid. She had now realised that the liquid was blood and that the small object which she had spat out was one of her teeth. The emotion rushed over her. She started to sob but quickly stopped herself, I have to get out of here she thought, I have to get free, I have to stay focused.
She was a problem solver; she could do this. She steeled herself. Her head, the blood, what was causing it? What was pushing on her head? She tried to figure out her position, her orientation first, was she sitting? Standing? Laying down? Upside down? No, not upside down, the blood was coming down her face, she had to be upright. She could not move her left hand, it was pinned by something, not the priority, she thought, not yet. Blood was running down her face again, at this rate she would pass out through loss of blood, why this had not already happened she did not know. What was pushing against her head was the priority, she reached up slowly, but was the blood actually coming from her? She could feel it in her hair, on her forehead, it was in her eyes, her mouth, dripping off her chin now. She carefully felt her forehead and moved her fingers, carefully feeling for cuts, expecting to touch a large gash followed by pain, but nothing. Then she felt it, something soft, a seat maybe. She stretched out further, tracing the shape, it was soft and woolly. It could be a seat, she worked her fingers to the left first, but it did not change, though she could not reach that far in that direction. She then worked along the seat to the right, then she pulled away her hand, she knew instantly what it was. It was not a seat, it was a person, a dead person, someone’s nose and lips.
After a few moments, she came back to reality. It still had to be moved. She would have to remove it. She had to touch a dead body; it made her retch; she felt her dinner from earlier rising in her stomach, her throat. She swallowed hard, thinking to herself, pull yourself together or, or, she did not want to think beyond that, beyond or, she did not want to go there. She checked to feel what was pinning her chest; it was not all the way across, just the left side. It felt like a handle; she worked her way to the left; it was flattish one side and round the other; she reached as far as she could but could not feel the other end, but she realised it was what was pinning her arm as well. She went back to the handle and pushed it away from her. Someone made a groaning sound to her left. Was she hurting someone by moving this thing? After thinking about it, she decided to try again; she had to get out of there. No matter what, it was imperative; she needed to get out of there, and now. She pushed it away from her chest again.  The moan came again from her left. It was a man, but it did not matter. She wanted to get rid of this thing that was pinning her down. She pushed with all of her might. The object broke with a splintering sound, and she decided that it was something wooden. It was a hockey stick, maybe; she thought. Her arm was free, her chest was free, she slumped forward involuntarily and the person on her head slid behind her, putting pressure on her back and trapped legs. Reaching down, she felt a suitcase. Her hands had landed one on the handle, the other on the body of the case. She tried lifting it. It moved, but only slightly. She pulled again and it came free; she tipped it to her right, reaching the bottom and pushed it away from her legs with a final burst of energy. She was now running on adrenaline; she was determined to get out of here.
She wiped her eyes on her left sleeve, then reached into her pocket, retrieving a tissue. She always carried tissues with her, after once getting a nosebleed at college, and everyone stared at her. It had made her embarrassed. She wiped her mouth, then her eyes again; it was clearer now to see, but it was still not easy. The carriage was obviously upside down; she was on the ceiling; she had little head room; she surmised the train had been crushed as the window openings were just slim slivers of light, the only light in there. She tried standing, she could, she worked out immediately; she was standing on someone and stepped forward with a feeling of guilt. She wiped her eyes again, then felt around her head; she found it, a small gash by her ear and winced with pain, but there was nothing else she could feel, then the penny dropped. The blood was not hers, that person pressing against her head, she stopped herself from that thought; she did not want to go there. It had all but gone quiet by now, just the odd moan, a murmur, the odd half spoken plea for help, but there was nothing she could do for them other than get out and get help. She could feel the adrenalin   coursing through her veins. Turning, she spotted a small shard of light halfway down the carriage. She could not make out what it was but knew it could be a way out. This meant walking over bodies strewn everywhere, but there was no other choice, she had to do it no matter how she felt about it. She checked her arms, her legs, her chest, but thought she had not broken anything. She had a feeling the carriage was not laying totally flat as she started making her way to the light; it felt up hill; she reached up to steady herself and found the bottom of a seat, hand holds she thought, all the way to the light. After traversing all the bodies as best she could, stepping on as few as possible and none protesting, deducing they must be dead bodies, she made it to the light. It was the doors, the bottom of the doors, but there were no tops. They were crushed. She would have to move a large gentleman to get out. She could not crawl out with him there. He was big; she tried pulling him up, but he was too heavy. She looked at the problem and thought of the game Tetris; she moved a woman and a child, both dead, from the man’s left side, then slid in against the screen beside him. On the third attempt she managed to roll him in to the empty space left by the two bodies she had removed. Shit, it worked she thought to herself with a slight feeling of accomplishment. She crawled through the broken window to the daylight and fell about four feet to the stony ground.
Chapter Twenty.
Don – An Arduous Journey.
Don cursed to himself. He had gotten stuck, ruining all their plans, and was now over a mile from home. To top it off, the CME was real; he felt gutted. He knew he had to get home as soon as possible. They would be waiting for him worrying; they would be lost without the provisions in his van. There was no time. He climbed out of the van and locked it, checking all the doors were secure, then having to lock them all manually as the central locking did not work. As he walked out to the bridge, it came to him, the river. They could bring the canoes up the river and load it from here.  He started to jog; he knew he could do it, he regularly jogged for miles at a time. The clothes he was wearing weren’t really appropriate for exercise, but they were all he had, as he was not going to unpack extra clothes from the van and risk bringing any unwanted attention to what was in the back.
He made his way down the road, but after spotting the canal, he decided that may be an easier and less conspicuous route. He soon got into a steady rhythm, keeping his eyes peeled for trouble. This was not the safest part of town; it was known for drugs and other illegal activity. After what seemed like ages, his watch was no longer working. He was coming up to the walkway under the A58 and could see a group of teenagers who looked a little menacing. He decided he could not chance being delayed; he made his way up on the Holts crest way, coming out by the mail sorting office. He made his way to the end of the road, the A58 had now turned into a car park due to several minor accidents holding up vehicles. There was shouting and scuffling between drivers and a young policeman who was trying to quieten people down. He went straight across onto Gotts Road, travelling what he thought was a safe distance before returning to the canal path. He went past the lock gates, under Whitehall Road, and on towards the railway station. He then went along the path behind the station, heading for the large A61 road intersection where he would get back on the road.
Seeing a fight break out, he diverted to the sovereign street, keeping his head down. He could not believe the way people were already behaving, or maybe it was just dumb luck he had found the only fight in town; either way, he was not staying around to watch. Several people were running down the east bound railway tracks, calling loudly, though he could not hear what they were saying. As he was passing the Calls Wharf, he spotted a woman covered in blood who looked as though she had been beaten to within an inch of her life. He stopped and hesitated, should he get involved? He was conflicted. He needed to get home, but the woman looked terrible, and she needed help. He ran over to her; she was covered in so much blood he was surprised she was still standing.
“Are you alright?” he asked. “Can I help you?”
Before she could even answer though, she started to collapse. Don caught her before she hit the road and lifted her up; she was not heavy, though he was a little tired from his trek across town. He carried her a short way until he reached a concrete and wooden bench and set her down gently; he looked her over, but apart from a small gash above her ear, he could not see anything apart from the dry blood around her mouth. He was less than half a mile from home. He contemplated leaving her on the bench but could not bring himself to do that. She was a young woman that had been through something terrible. He certainly was not that heartless. She was awake but still was not saying anything, she was just mumbling; he had noticed a lump on her forehead and surmised she may have a concussion. He had seen that once when he was doing his apprenticeship, a guy had slipped while climbing a ladder. He had only fallen two rungs but bashed his head on one of the other rungs. He seemed all right and just shrugged it off. Shortly after, he threw up and collapsed and became delirious, totally intelligible; he’d had a slight concussion made worse by sun stroke due to the high temperature all day. This woman looked like he had, she was acting the exact same way – not present with her surroundings at all.
The man who’d been hurt at Don’s work had been fit as a fiddle the following day, but Don couldn’t remember how the hospital had treated him to get better.  Five minutes had passed, at the very least. He needed to get home as soon as possible, which meant that he needed to make a decision about what to do with her. He asked if she could walk a short way, which she seemed to be okay with. He helped her up onto her feet, looped her arm over his shoulder, and supported her as they began to move along the path. It seemed to be working, as long as they took a few moments to stop every now and then. After a few minutes, they were almost there. He crossed the road as Matt came running toward them from across the front lawn.
Chapter Twenty-One.
Bella – Bella’s embarrassment.
Bella sat on the grass, looking back at the school as the flames took hold. She had forgotten about her makeshift mask until someone tapped her on the shoulder. She turned to see that it was Mr Batley, her English teacher.
“Are you alright Bella?” he asked.
Remembering the mask, she clawed at it, trying to remove it. She eventually got it off and buried it under her t-shirt, flushing red all over her face. She could feel her cheeks heating up.
“Yes,” she said with a hesitant voice.
“I saw you jump from the window. Were you trapped?” he asked.
“What do you,” stopping herself finishing that statement, “yes sir, I am okay, I need to get home.”
“Do you need a lift?” he asked.
“Your car won’t work,” she said confidently. “No cars except old ones will work now.”
“What are you talking about girl, did you bang your head?”
“CME,” she just uttered and got up.
“Are you talking about last Sunday? That is all behind us. It would have happened on Sunday if that was the case,” he said with a sarcastic voice.
She turned north and looked at the sky. It was there, faint, but it was definitely there.
“What are you looking at, girl? I worry about you. Maybe I should take you to the emergency services when they arrive. They are bound to send at least one ambulance. You need looking over,”
“There will be no one coming, they don’t have transport,” she said softly, “look up there, the world just ended.”
“What are you talking...” his voice trailed off as they both noticed it, a plane heading straight for them, dropping out of the sky. They both fell to the ground as it passed silently overhead, not fifty feet above them. It cleared the houses behind them, then the sky behind the house lit up with an ear-splitting explosion and a ball of flame. Bella ducked as the houses seemed to evaporate into the sky with the flames. Bella instinctively rolled sideways behind a large oak tree, covering her face as a rush of wind barrelled past her.
Mr Batley stood up and instantly was knocked off his feet and bowled backwards upwards of ten feet. Concerned for the same person who had doubted her, scoffed and belittled her just mere moments ago, Bella rushed over to help him.
She went over and knelt beside him. She could see straight away that he was dead. A piece of wood was sticking from his throat, blood pooling around him on the grass. Bella arose and slowly began to walk back to the tree that saved her, noticing the flames from the houses leaping into the sky; they had no roofs, no first floors, no walls. The image of them reminded her of the pictures in her history class of Coventry after the Blitz. She sat back down and pulled her knees up, folding her arms around them, then she slumped forward, bowing her head down onto her arms. She stayed like that until she heard voices. She looked up to a solitary figure bent over Mr Batley; he looked over at her and shook his head. She already knew. He strolled over towards her, dropping his school bag. He must be a few years older than she, so she did not recognise him. He took off his jacket, noticing the way she sat; she looked a little exposed the way she was sitting in her short skirt, and draped his jacket over her knees, knelt beside her and gave her a hug.
After what seemed like ages, she pulled away from him. They stared at each other. He was quite good-looking with his cropped blond hair and clean good looks, a small mole or maybe a freckle on the side of his nose. They broke their uncomfortable stare.
“Are you alright?” he asked her.
If only he knew. She looked at the grass in front of her, ignoring her bra now by Mr Batley, still tied into a mask. She saw it for the first time. Those three houses that seem to vanish into the air were spread all over the grass. The realisation hit her that any one of those pieces could have killed her.
“Yes, I am fine, I need to get home, I’m late, people are expecting me.”
“Bella, isn’t it? My name is Daz, or that is what people call me. My real name is, well that doesn’t matter, I will walk you home, it’s on my way.”
Bella was taken aback. How did he know her?
“How the hell do you know my name?” she asked him.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to freak you out. Archery, fencing, swimming - my three disciplines as well.”
“No, I’m sorry, I should not have jumped down your throat, I never thought that many people knew my name. Most that do give me a bad time about it.”
“I know that feeling,” he said, “they give me a hard time about it as well, but you will get used to it. You will be at the Olympics one day, I have seen you with that bow, I have never seen better.”
Bella blushed with pride and embarrassment.
“I won’t though, not now, there will not be any more games, not for a very long time at least.”
“What do you mean, are you injured?” he asked with concern in his voice.
“No, the CME.”
“What CME?”
She pointed at the sky. The green flickers were faint, but they were there. He looked up. He was about to lower his head. She knew, he had seen it; he stared at the sky for several minutes.
“You know about these CMEs?”
“Yes, and I knew this one was due, but it was not expected until…”
She stopped mid-sentence.
“That’s why, I know why it’s early, it isn’t.”
Daz looked at her, stunned. “Do you mind running that by me in layman’s terms?”
“The prediction was for it to hit Saturday at five in the morning, but that was Australian five in the morning. They are eleven hours ahead of us.”
“And you know this how?”
“The world is split into time zones and…..”
He cut her off. “No, how did you know this was going to happen?”
Bella explained what they had found out, what was not being said, and the lack of politicians all around the world. She did not tell him they were bugging out, though. She told him that it would not be safe in town within just a few days and why.
“You know your stuff. How long have you been doing this? How long have you been preparing?”
“A week,” she replied.
He looked at her in disbelief.
“Last week after speaking to Mr Clapp, did you not notice he had gone AWOL after the solar flare on Sunday?” Bella continued.
“Yes, we were due his class on Tuesday. We were told he had to look after his sick sister.”
“But he does not have a sister.” Bella replied.
“You know that how?”
“He is a friend of Matt’s father. Can we walk as we talk? Please, I need to get home.“
“Of course,” Daz said.
They continued discussing it until they reached near Bella’s house. He had so many questions. She felt good about talking to someone else other than Don and Matt, but she was not sure why. As they turned the corner, they saw Matt and Don helping a woman into Matt’s house and ran across the lawn.
Chapter Twenty-Two.
All Hands-on deck.
As Bella and Daz rushed into the living room, Don and Matt were helping the blood-covered woman sit on the sofa as Don explained what had happened while he was out.
“My mother is a doctor; she will be at home because she’s off this week. I’ll go and get her. It won’t take long, we don’t live far,” Daz explained after they were brought up to speed.
Daz lived with his mother two streets over in a much smaller house; she had started her career as a trauma nurse but retrained as a doctor just before Daz was born. Like Bella and Matt, Daz was a child of a single parent. His father, who had been a fireman, had died in a freak accident while trying to get someone out of a crushed car in a pile-up on the motorway. A lorry had barrelled into the already stationary cars waiting to be cleared, shunting a large van into his father and crushing him.
Don tried to get the woman to talk, but she just sat there staring into space. In the kitchen, Bella filled in Matt and Don with what had happened. She did not go into a lot of detail; she did not want it to sound too dramatic, just the basics. She just wanted to explain why she was late, who Daz was, and that she was all right. Don suspected there was more to it than that, but didn’t push it.
“Is this going to change when we leave?” Bella asked Don.
“I don’t know yet. Let’s see what the doctor has to say. Maybe she can get the woman into hospital or something.”
“Would you like to be in hospital, knowing what you do now?” Bella said indignantly.
“That would not be fair,” said Matt, jumping in, “what if someone did that to you, dad?”
“Okay, I get the point, let's just wait and see,” said Don, “and what happened here, the smell of smoke, all that,” pointing at the burnt toaster and other things on the far counter, “what happened?”
“When the CME hit, something caught fire. I put it out with that fire extinguisher you bought, the little green one,” explained Matt.
There was a groan from the living room.
“Tell me all about it later,” said Don.
Don left the kitchen to check on the woman, as if he had any idea what to do. Luckily, Daz returned with his mother. She was carrying a doctor’s bag. Bella shrugged it off as Daz introduced them.
“This is my mother, Dr Sandra McBain. Mother, this is Bella, the one I told you about. This is her friend and next-door neighbour, Matt, and his father.”
“Introductions later, let me see the patient,” she insisted. “Who is she? What’s her name?”
“I don’t know,” said Don. “I found her like this by the wharf. I could not leave her there,” he explained.
The room fell silent. Matt, Bella, and Daz went into the kitchen. Matt turned on the kettle to make drinks when he realised there was no power. He cursed under his breath.
“Cold drinks, I guess,” said Matt, opening the fridge.
Though no one was saying anything, there was tension in the kitchen with everything going on. Matt did not know what Bella had told Daz. Daz expected there was more going on than he was aware of. Bella was wondering if they would get away tonight. She wondered if her father even knew what was happening, and when he found out, would he head back home? She worried about how long it would actually take to get there. She was still trembling inside after what she had endured in the last few hours. Would she cope? And now there was this woman, and despite her saying they could not dump her in a hospital, what could they do with her? Was this going to delay their plans? How long before she was okay enough to get home to her family? Would they have to take her there? Her head was spinning. She ignored everyone, turned, and ran out of the house. Matt was about to run after her, but Daz put up his hand in a stop motion.
“Let her have some space. Despite what she said, she almost died twice today, and she saw Mr Batley killed right in front of her. Just give her a moment.” Daz insisted.
“Batley? Dead? How?”
“A plane crash at the school. He was killed by a piece of debris from the explosion, he was standing right by Bella as it happened.”
They heard a woman’s voice, but it was not Bella’s nor Sandra’s voice. They were about to go through to the living room when Don came back in.
“She is not suffering from concussion,” Don explained.  “She is in shock. She will be okay. She was meant to be going to her friend’s place for the weekend, but she was in a train crash. The doctor has taken her into the bathroom to clean her up. She is about the same size as your mother was, so I am going to sort out some clothes for her. Daz, your mother asked if you would go to the station to find a Rachel Simons at the railway station. I know it’s a long shot, but we need to try. If you cannot find her there, put a notice on their notice board saying she is here. Can you also go to her friend's flat to see if she is there? I have her address,” Don said, passing him the address of the flat.
“I will go with you,” said Matt, “we can take the bikes, it will be quicker.”
Don protested, but lost the argument. He did insist they were back before dark, though, and the boys agreed.
Chapter Twenty-Three.
Daz – The Railway Station.
Matt went through the back door followed by Daz.  They noticed Bella sitting on the old swing at the end of the garden; she looked forlorn, but Daz and Matt resisted the urge to go over and talk to her.  Matt unlocked the shed and pulled out two bikes – his own, and his father’s for Daz to use. He gestured for Daz to take the second one, and with one last look back at Bella, Daz climbed onto it and they set off.  It was the right size for him, he was the same height as Matt’s father.  It was not long before they got to the station. Getting around all the stalled cars was easy on their bikes. At the railway station, they chained the bikes to the bike rack in the station car park, and for extra security, chained them together. There were many people milling around. The few police there, were trying to corral the crowd of people, trying to find loved ones that had been on the train. Voices were loud, a lot of shouting. This would not be easy. They knew they were looking for a short woman with long wavy auburn hair. Wearing a maroon beret. Short was the problem, though. She would be lost in the crowd this size, and difficult to locate. They attacked it from both sides as the police kept trying to guide them out of the station. Matt went to the left and Daz to the right. They pushed through the people, searching for the woman Rachel, but after what must have been half an hour, they agreed she was not there, and they would make their way to the posh millennium flats down on the river.
Outside the station, they scanned the area just in case Rachel was outside but could not see anyone matching her description. Matt spotted it first.
“Shit, the bikes are gone.”
They looked around the car park for their bikes, but they were not in sight. Matt walked over to the rack, almost as if they were still there somewhere, hiding. Anyone could see the chains had been cut. The chains from Matt’s bikes were not the only ones laying on the floor, someone had taken all the bikes.
“There is nothing for it,” said Daz, “we will have to go on foot.”
Matt reluctantly agreed.
Behind the station they jogged over Victoria Road bridge, then slowed to a fast walk as they turned into Great Wilson Street. They had a long way to go, it was going to take a lot longer walking. The flats had been built on a brown field site once owned by the concrete plant, they had only been up for a few years, and known by the locals that used to work at the plant as ‘Those Posh Flats’. They had built several large waterfront houses along that stretch of the Aire, down from the weir.
Once they had walked under the A61, they could see smoke coming up in the distance. They picked up the pace, jogging through the trading estate down towards the weir. They had just started leaving the large buildings behind, leaving the trading estate, when they saw it. Flames and smoke everywhere on the other side of the river, and a plane also on fire that was sticking out the side of a half-collapsed building, the building they were going to, the one where they would find Rachel. They looked at the scene; it was horrific. There was not a fire engine or rescue vehicle in sight. Even from their side of the river, they could see bodies lying on the grass, the road, everywhere. They could hear screams as well, blood-curdling screams, screams of anguish, fear and horror. They looked at each other and backtracked to go back to Matt’s.
As they went back onto the A639, they saw a large crowd of people coming down the road towards them. They did not look friendly; they were shouting something, though Matt and Daz could not hear what. Deciding it would be better to avoid them, they ducked down a back alley that passed some small industrial units, which had seen better days. They came out on the riverside walkway. They were jogging now; they needed to get back; it was starting to get dark. It would be dark within the hour.
Every now and then, they would see people coming in the other direction. Deciding it would be prudent, they would duck into cover every time they saw other people. Once they reached the A61 flyover, they cut off onto Fox Road, then on to the old Clarence Road. It took them another ten minutes or so to get to the Crown Point bridge. They only took one look to decide that crossing there would be a bad idea, the cars, the people arguing, and what they both thought sounded like a gunshot but seemed unlikely for Leeds. They did not want to take a chance though. They made their way back to the riverbank, back downriver to the footbridge. They were soon across it and on the other side; they knew it would not be long now before they were safely back at Matt’s.
They headed north and skirted around the buildings under the A61 and bared left onto Flax Place, keeping an eye out for trouble. They were making good time now but could not allow themselves to become idle. They made their way to Mill Street. They were going to cut across the wasteland, but there were groups of people gathered there; it was an area in Leeds known for drug trafficking and use. They decided it would be wiser to cut north again instead. A few hundred yards ahead they went across the grass, across Kirk Gate quickly, and under the Duke Street flyover, into St Johns Park. Then across the road, behind the Minster and through the back garden of Mr Fellows, who Matt knew was away, and into Matt's Road.
Chapter Twenty-Four.
Bella – Extra Baggage.
Bella was sitting on the swing in Matt’s garden, rocking backwards and forwards, lost in her thoughts, when she saw Matt and Daz leaving on two bicycles. Confused, she made her way back to the house, where she found Don sorting through some woman’s clothes.
“Where have Daz and Matt gone?” she asked Don.
“The woman I found is talking now, she was on a train from York when it crashed,” he said, “she was coming to see her friend from college that lives in the flats by the river, the ones on the old concrete works site. The boys have gone to the station looking for her. If they cannot find her there, they will go to this woman’s flat and get her to come here to pick up her friend.”
“Pick up? There is no transport, they’ll have to walk. That woman does not look like she will be walking anywhere anytime soon.”
“True, well, it is unlikely we will ever be back here. They could use this house until she is ready to travel, I suppose. It is not going to matter to us, I guess.”
The doctor came into the room.
“Is Daz back?” she asked, sounding concerned.
“They only left a few minutes ago,” said Bella.
“I will take those clothes,” she said.
She held out her hands and Don looked at them for a moment before passing them over. The doctor went back to the bathroom and closed the door. They heard talking, though could not make it out. Bella grabbed a canned fizzy orange drink from the fridge to sit down and drink it by herself. Bella did not know how much time had passed when Don walked in carrying two large candles.
“Thought you needed some time by yourself,” Don commented, “mind if we join you?”
“No, of course not,” she replied, still trying to work out how long she had been sitting there.
Don went back into the kitchen and returned with the doctor and the strange woman, who looked like a new woman as she walked in. The woman was now dressed in jeans, a sweatshirt, and bright red trainers. She was also looking a lot more aware of what was going on around her. Don was about to say something when Matt and Daz came bowling through the front door looking a bit dishevelled.
“What’s up?” Don asked.
“It horrible out there, the frustration is causing a lot of arguments,” said Matt,  “and some fighting,” he added.
“It’s true,” said Daz, “it’s getting ugly.”
“Now everyone is here, this is Brenda,” the doctor said. “Did you find her friend Rachel?”
“Sorry, she was not at the station. We went to the flats, but they were in flames. A plane had crashed into them, we could not get close. I doubt anyone survived that,” Matt said, sorry.
Brenda sobbed uncontrollably. They all left the doctor to console her and sat out on the patio. Daz asked the others what they were going to do. Were they going to leave the city? He wanted to recommend to his mother that they leave town. Daz didn’t like the way things were going already and the mood of the town seemed sour. Before Don could answer, Sandra put her head out the door and said they could come back in. Brenda had settled down and wanted to talk to them. Daz was the first in. He obviously needed to speak to his mother. Don gestured to give them a moment, as they were still processing the new reality. After they had finished talking and went to sit back down, Don ushered the kids in through the door.
They all sat down. Bella, and Matt sat on the floor. Don sat in his chair while Daz, Sandra, and Brenda sat on the sofa. There was an uneasy silence for a few agonising minutes, as they all looked at each other, wondering who would speak first.
“My son and I have decided we wish to leave the city, and expect you are of the same minds,” said Sandra, “why not join forces? It will be safer travelling together?”
Don looked at Bella and Matt, who both nodded.
“We have been planning all week to leave,” Don started, “we had everything planned, but the CME hit twelve hours earlier than we expected”
Bella cut him off.
“It happened as predicted,” she said, “right on time, but in Australian time, they are half a day ahead of us. It was their five in the morning, not ours.” Bella explained.
“I never thought of that,” he said.
“I didn’t either, not until after it happened,” Bella said.
“Well, that aside, we were all ready, but I was on the other side of town when it hit. All our supplies are in my van, stranded. They are near the river though; we just have to get them.”
“Near the river,” Daz said with a quizzical voice.
“Yes, we are bugging out as the preppers call it, in canoes, up the river to Bella’s grandparents off grid farm on the Yorkshire Dales. Can any, or should I say, have any of you ever been in a canoe before?”
“Yes, both my son and I have done a fair bit of canoeing over the years,” Sandra replied.
“No,” said Brenda, “never been in any type of boat, apart from a ferry.”
Bella had been unusually quiet.
“If we take the four men and the two men canoe, each pull a kayak behind, we will have enough room. I suggest Brenda, Daz’s mother, Don, and Matt in the four men with the floats on it, and Daz and me in the two-man canoe. We can put all the extra provisions in the two kayaks and pull them behind us. What do you think?”
They started looking at each other, waiting for someone to say something. Bella took the opportunity, stood up, picked up the torch from the coffee table, and went into the kitchen. She returned moments later with the list they had made and handed it to Sandra.
“What on this list do you have? This list is based per person,” Bella said.
She looked through the list, then spoke.
“Not all of it, but a good proportion. I keep a full pantry. I would also like to take some of the items out of my other medical bag with me.”
Don seized the moment and went upstairs and returned a short time later with his wind up, bedside alarm clock and put it on the mantle.
“Almost eight o’clock. Can you get everything done and back here by midnight?” Don asked.
“Yes, cutting it fine, but we should manage to do it,” Sandra said. “Come on Daz let’s get this done.”
After they had left, Don ushered the two teenagers into the kitchen.
“You two can give me a hand to make some food. I expect Brenda could do with some, I certainly can.”
Matt pulled out a full loaf of sliced bread out of the cupboard, the butter out of the fridge, and two knives out of the draw, then reopened the fridge.
“What do you fancy? We have some boiled eggs, lettuce, cucumber, tomatoes, some tuna mayonnaise from yesterday, some- no forget that, the cheese and the yogurt have gone off.”
“All of it,” said Don, “we will make it to an ‘if-its fridge picnic,” and chuckled to himself.
Bella started buttering bread, Matt sliced up everything, and Don turned it into sandwiches. They put it on several plates, far too much for them to eat, and carried it through, placing it on the coffee table.
Don looked at Brenda.
“Tuck in, it won’t keep. You need to keep your strength up,” and handed her a plate.
Brenda was halfway through her sandwich and then stopped.
“What about me?” she said. “I have nothing to offer. I don’t even have my purse, not that there is much money in it. I can’t take your food.”
Don was about to say something, but Bella beat Don to it.
“I have made up a pack for my father, but he won’t be here. You can have that. I do not want to hear another word. Eat up.”
“Thank you, Bella, I bet your father is very proud of you, you seem to be a very nice person.”
“So, say all of us,” said Don. Then realised he had said it aloud.
Bella felt a tear coming but stopped it, looking at her plate so no one noticed.
Don cleared away everything with the help of Matt. He put the plates in the sink, and the sandwiches in the fridge, just in case Sandra or Daz wanted anything to eat before they left. He selected a cigar from the box on the side, went through the back door, and sat in a pool chair on the patio. It was a warm night and apart from the odd dog barking or a shout; it was quiet. He was about to finish his cigar when he heard a gut-wrenching sound. Ratta-a-tat-tat, then a single shot, followed by silence again. Only a few hours have passed, he thought, and gunfire. Startled by a noise beside him, he looked up; it was Bella. She sat on the opposite lounger and looked at Don.
“Yes,” said Don, “it was gun fire, I am glad we are leaving if it can start this quickly.”
“Me too,” said Bella.
Matt was sitting on the front step, keeping an eye out for Daz and his mother. Apart from the few candles around the local houses, he could see no lights other than several fires burning across the city. They will burn out of control with no firemen or fire engines, he thought.
Chapter Twenty-Five.
Daz – The heat is on.
Daz and his mother walked the short ten-minute distance home in silence without incidents.  Their modest 2-bedroom house was at the head of a large cul-de-sac of modern houses, built some twenty years ago. They entered through the front door into virtual darkness, dimly lit by the moon now shining through the front living room window. It already felt cold. Though it looked okay and noticeably quiet, they still checked that no one had broken in while they were away, although they both knew this was only paranoia setting in. After sitting for a moment discussing what they would take, they decided they needed to get started if they were going to get back by midnight.
Using the flashlight Matt had given them, they found two other torches. Daz went to his bedroom and retrieved his camping rucksack. Treating it like going camping, a thing he had done many times with his friends, he packed two changes of clothes and a few things he did not want to leave behind. He fleetingly thought about taking a shower, then instantly realised the water would be cold with no electricity. He would miss showers in this new world. Grabbed his two camping knives from the bottom drawer of his chest of drawers and the parka from his wardrobe - one he had never worn as it was not fashion anymore - and put them on the bed. He then pulled out the clothes he was going to wear; cargo trousers, a vest, a t-shirt, a black fleece hoodie, the only thick socks he had not put in his rucksack, and his thick thermal gloves, putting them in the pocket of his parka. He then proceeded to get changed.
Daz had just turned fifteen, the year above Bella.  He was tall for his age, making him look older than he was, and was fairly muscular, though not obviously due to his clothing. He, like Bella, was an all-round athlete. He trained every waking moment that he could, hoping to one day go to the Olympic Games - not just for archery, but the modern pentathlon as well. He could ride a horse, he was a strong swimmer and runner, winning most of the races he was in, but his fencing skills needed a little work. However, he had never held a gun, nevertheless shot one. Sandra hated guns with a passion, so he’d never had a toy gun as a child, but for some reason he was allowed a bow. Downstairs, he went out to the shed to retrieve his hand fishing line and his fishing tackle. He would sort out what he was taking on the kitchen table, grabbed his spare arrows and went back in. His mother had piled a large amount of dried food on the table. They put three bottles of water in each ruck sack, then his mother pulled five more bottles out of the recycling and filled them from the tap. The last one was barely half full, as the tap dried up. In the hall cupboard, Daz collected his competition bow and the first bow he ever had, along with all his arrows.
“Why are you taking the old one?” his mother asked.
“Bella’s bow is in Matt’s dad’s van, we may need it,” he replied, then said “I forgot something, be back in a sec.”
Daz rushed back to the shed and pulled out a carry bag with a box, some rubber tube, and two catapults in it, returning to the kitchen and putting it on the table. Curious, Daz’s mother looked into the bag.
“Why are you taking those?” she asked.
“They will come in handy; I have an idea for them,” he answered.
“You have to carry them, guess it is up to you what you take.”
They loaded all the extra dried food that they could not fit into their rucksacks, into two sports bags.
“Got everything?”
“Yes, what about you?”
“Think so. We better go,” Sandra said, almost in tears.
They went through the front door, locking it behind them, each with a rucksack on their backs, and a sports bag in one hand and a large reusable supermarket carry bag in the other. They were about to walk into the road when they heard voices, deep voices. They quickly turned off their torches, backtracked, and ducked into the back garden. They made their way to the back gate and exited into a walkway between the houses. Leaving their torches off, they used their hands along the wall to find their way down the alley. At the other end, there were local youths at the end of the road, silhouetted by a large building on fire in the distance. They had not seen Daz and Sandra; the youths were watching the fire; they were oblivious to everything else. Sandra and Daz needed to go the other direction, anyway.
They reached the end of the road and stopped, listening for any noise, any voices. Once they were happy it was clear, they crossed the road and went down another alleyway. At the end, they had no choice but to go along the road. High Crescent was quite a busy street. They needed to head just a hundred yards down it to get onto The Calls. After listening for several minutes after one group had walked by, they set off, walking fast down the Calls turnoff, not stopping until they reached the cut through to the Leeds Minster, they skirted around the back and entered Matt’s road through the same garden he had gone through with Matt, earlier that evening. Seeing Matt sitting on the step, waiting for them but looking the opposite way down the road, expecting them to come from the main road. He was startled, jumping to his feet, and was about to run back into the house when he realised who it was.
“Thank goodness you are back, I was getting worried,” Matt said.
Chapter Twenty-Six.
Leaving it all behind.
Matt led them back into the house. From outside, it looked dark because of the heavy velvet lined curtains. Don had closed them to keep anyone from seeing the candles or looking in. All sitting, Don now and Bella appeared from the patio doors behind them, greeting them back.
“How did you get on?” Bella asked.
“Got most things, even found a small tarp I forgot I had,” Daz said, “one I used to take when I was out camping. I noticed you didn’t have your bow, so I have brought my old one. Here it is, and here are the arrows to go with it. Hope it will do for now.”
“Thank you, I bet it’ll be fine,” Bella said.
“We have brought extra dried food in this sports bag. They are full. I always keep plenty in, you never know,” Sandra said, pointing at the bag.
“All the better, we will fit it in somehow. By the way, we have left some sandwiches in the fridge in case you were hungry, when you got back here. Matt, can you get them, please?” Don asked.
Matt was already on the move by the time Don had finished his sentence.
“We are in no hurry. Bella and I heard what sounded like gunfire. Maybe we leave it a few hours to quiet down out there, maybe even get a little sleep,” Don explained.
Despite Don's promising idea of sleep, nobody was going to sleep apart from Brenda, who was already fast asleep. Everyone else was too busy thinking or worrying to get their heads down at this late stage.
“I agree,” Sandra said. “We saw a lot of people out there. Though we had no trouble, we still avoided everyone, just in case.”
After Daz and Sandra had finished eating, there was just one sandwich left on the plate, which Matt ate as he carried the plate into the kitchen. He returned moments later with two six packs of fizzy orange; he had already started his.
“STOP,” Bella shouted, “don’t drink that, there will be no bathroom breaks in the next twenty-four hours, that stuff will have you wanting to piss,” stopping herself, “I mean, it will want you to go to the toilet within hours, and there aren’t any, you can’t exactly stand in a canoe and pee over the edge, can you?” she insisted.
Everyone looked at her. She felt embarrassed, not knowing what to do or say. She sat down, averting their gazes. Matt looked stunned; mouth open, not knowing what to do for a moment. He then swivelled on his heals and carried them back into the kitchen while Daz smirked and chuckled to himself.
“Glad someone is thinking,” said Don, “but I will never get that image out of my brain, which thought of Matt doing, well, I don’t even want to go there. That picture is seared into my head now.”
Daz now laughed out loud, breaking what could have been a long silence. Bella lifted her head and made a half-hearted smile as Matt walked back in. He was the one that looked embarrassed this time, then turned and went into the hallway, then into the bathroom.
“That would be a good idea for all of us before we leave,” added Sandra.
Daz and Bella went and sat at the dining room table, talking about archery and the competitions they had been in, though Daz was fully aware of what Bella had achieved, but said nothing about it, just listened intently. Don avoided their conversation and went out onto the patio with a cigar, not so much for the cigar, more to see what he could hear going around them. Sitting in the pool lounger he lit his cigar and leaned back into the lounger. It was all quiet and hoped it would stay that way; they had a long way to go. Even getting to the lockup could throw up problems. The people he had seen yesterday under the canal bridge, were there other groups like that waiting in the dark? He did not know; he hoped not. He finished his cigar and put it in the ashtray, got up and went in.
Looking at the clock, it was just past two.
“I think we should be ready to leave at three,” Don said. “Bella, you have the key to the lockup?”
“Yes, in my pocket,” feeling her pocket to make sure it was there.
“Matt, you take Daz’s bags, he will need his hands free for his bow. I will take the large sports bag of yours, Sandra, with those handles, I can wear it like a rucksack I expect, give the shopping bag to Brenda, if she ever wakes up,” he jested.
Don then grabbed a flashlight and went into the basement, returning with the shotgun and a cartridge belt draped across his chest.
“Look, it’s Yul Brinner, out of that old western with Charles Bronson,” Daz said.
“Careful, boy, I have a full head of hair, I will have you know,” said Don.
This lightened the mood a little.
“Now everyone, use the bathroom. Girls first, there is one upstairs for you boys,” Don said.
Then sitting back in his chair, looked back at the clock that seemed to be going very slow, it had hardly change from the last time he looked, then fiddled with the strap for the shotgun, seemingly oblivious to what was going on around him.
As it came closer to the time to leave, Sandra reached over, put her hand on Brenda's shoulder, and gently rocked her.
“We will be leaving soon; you need to wake up. The bathroom is free. Best you go before we leave. We will not be stopping anywhere for quite a while once we are on the move,” Sandra suggested.
Don put on his parka, loosened the straps of the sports bag and threw it on his back, a little loose. Matt took the weight as Daz tightened the straps until Don was happy with how it felt. They all put their coats on. Daz and Bella put their quivers on their shoulders, then over their heads, picking up their bows off the table last. Matt helped Sandra get her rucksack on. Brenda picked up two of the lighter remaining bags and Matt the last two. Don shone the torch around the room.
“Now think, anything you have forgotten? We will not be coming back for it.” Don remarked.
“The toilet, maybe, Matt,” said Daz.
“Ha, ha, ha,” said Matt, “suppose you think you are a funny guy.”
That ended that conversation. Daz was joking, but Matt was not from the tone he said that.
“Give it a rest, you two,” said Don. “If everyone is ready, let us go,” he said.
With that, they stepped into the unknown.
Chapter Twenty-Seven.
A Long short walk.
Standing outside the house, they realised, with it being this dark, they could easily get split up. This must not happen.
“Stay together. Matt, you go at the back, Bella, you in the middle, I will lead. That way, the three that know where the lockup is evenly spread, less likely someone getting left behind. Now as I said, stay together, let us go.” Don emphasised.
Don led the way. They took the most direct route. They never saw a soul until they got to insight of the Crown point Road and A61 flyover. Under the flyover, there was a group of what looked and sounded like youths. They looked as if they were there guarding something; they had two large metal barrels burning away and a stack of pallets someone was breaking with a big hammer. The thing that stood out was two of them were brandishing pistols. Don thought you didn’t find things like that. They have had them a while, he suspected, this was a gang of some sort. There was no way around it. They had to backtrack and cross the river at the High Lane and The Calls junction, then cross over the footbridge, then back across the river again via the weir bridge.
They made their way down The Calls way, hugging the shadows close to the buildings. They heard some coughing that put them on edge for a while, but then a very drunk man fell in the road just behind them and started coughing again. Happy the coast was clear, they made their way to the bridge, and stopped dead when they saw a silhouette of two men standing in the middle smoking cigarettes and talking. They did not look threatening, but they couldn’t be sure. Either way, there was a chance that they’d ask why they were carrying so much, especially with the shotgun preventing them from being able to hide their things. They were not sure what to do. They could try walking along the river, but there were houses right up to the water. Though they could get through physically, they were bound to be seen, even at this time in the morning. They resolved to wait a little longer. It was the right decision; the two men walked straight past talking as they held their breaths in a small alleyway. Across the bridge, they could take the path alongside the river. There were no houses, just industrial buildings.
At the weir, they had no problem getting back across and worked their way along the path. The water was running fast here, it was hard to hear; they had to stop every few minutes to listen. Halfway past an old mill that had been turned into luxury flats, pretentiously called, ‘loft apartments’, they heard voices close by. They hugged the wall, part in and part out of the shadows, hoping nobody noticed them. As Brenda stepped back against the building, something in the bag she was carrying banged against the wall, making a clanging sound, and the voices went quiet. A torch shone in their direction, but luckily, it was too weak for the beam to reach them. It seemed like an age before the torch went out, and even longer for the conversation to return. Then they heard a bottle being kicked down the covered tunnel over the walkway ahead of them. They could hear a single set of footsteps getting closer and closer. Not sure what to do, they froze. If he keeps the torch off, he may not see them and walk straight by. As the footsteps got very close, a door just ten feet away opened. A woman stepped out in a dressing gown, then looked in their direction and straight past them, but then looked the other way. A torch went on, held by the woman, illuminating a mountain of a man heading their way, towards the woman.
“Harry, get your ass in here now, well hurry up, it’s getting cold in here,” said the woman in a booming voice.
With that, the man hurried, went in and closed the door. They gave it a few minutes before moving off again. They reached the lockup a few minutes later. Bella unlocked it and they went in, locking the door from the inside. There were no windows, so they risked turning on a torch, illuminating all the canoes and the equipment that went with them.  Bella was just explaining to them that there was a slipway a few yards left of the lockup when they heard heated voices coming toward them. Don and Bella both put the flashlights out and they all went silent. There was a thud on the side door that put a lump in all their throats. Were they trying to get in? Then a scraping sound. They could not make it out, but they were really feeling the tension now, expecting someone to crash through the door at any moment. Daz raised his bow and pointed it at the door. Don, though he was trembling, raised the shotgun a little. Another bang on the door, even louder this time. Brenda was panicking, Sandra sensed it, and put her hand over Brenda’s mouth, saying quietly but firmly,
“Be quiet, girl.”
Then came the screaming, a man in pain, they were beating him, or worse. After more screams and shouts, which seemed to go on forever, there was a splash. It all went silent, nothing at all. There was no way of knowing if anyone was still out there. What do they do now? After several minutes, Don spoke up.
“They must have gone, it’s all quiet.”
“They could be just not saying anything, having a fag or something,” Matt said.
“No, they have gone, they are unlikely to be just standing there, not if what I think just happened has really happened. Unless they are that sick gloating over the poor man, they don’t sound as if they would stop talking for long either, they seem to like the sounds of their own voices. No, they are gone, let’s make the most of it.”
They loaded everything apart from the bows and Don’s shotgun into the canoes and in one of the kayaks, including all the spare paddles. Once everything was ready, they put on the life jackets under their coats to stop the bright orange being seen. Then Don carefully opened the door and looked out. He sighed with relief when he could see the coast was clear. Bella wheeled the two-man canoe out, followed by Daz with the four-man canoe. Sandra and Brenda picked up the empty canoe and Mat followed with the one on the third trolly. Don went to the end of the building to keep watch, though he was trembling so much he could hardly hold the shotgun, while the others made their way the few yards to the slipway. They wheeled the canoes under the safety chain without rattling it, slipping the canoes in the water. As soon as they were ready, Bella went back and got the floats. Bella clipped them in place, tying the empty canoe to the four-man canoe and the full one to the two-man canoe. Sandra helped Brenda in. She was trembling like a jackhammer, then climbed in behind her. Bella signalled Don with a quick flash of the torch, and he climbed into the other middle seat with Matt's help, who then climbed into the front. Bella held Daz’s bow while he climbed in and then passed both bows to Daz and she climbed into the back.
It took ages for Don to get into the rhythm of paddling, and they gave up on Brenda. She was making too much noise with all the splashing. They kept to the centre of the river even though the current was at its fastest. Paddling up stream was tiring, but they made good way. As they got closer to the town centre, they heard voices, but they soon went quiet. They stopped for a while to catch their breath in the tunnel under the railway station. They would be out of sight, and there was no way for anyone to get to them from the bank. There was none.
Chapter Twenty-Eight.
Where are the van keys?
They took longer than they were going to in the tunnel. Don realised it would be getting light soon, and they needed to get on their way. Bella led the way, as Don was going too slow, and they wanted to step up the pace if they were going to get past the built-up areas. Also, it would be better to get the van emptied before anyone was around.
After they went past the newish flats on their left, they felt a lot better. The trading estate was on one side and trees on the other. They’d made good time so far. As they came closer to the Viaduct Road bridge, they saw a group of youths, just like the ones they had seen earlier, huddled around a burning barrel with flames streaming out the top. They were as easy to see as if it was daylight, and they could see that the group was armed. Bella and Daz pulled out their paddles from the water, slowing to a full stop. The water was not fast here; they were soon going backwards. Bella gestured for them to pull into the bank, the left bank, under the shade of the trees. They waited for Matt to catch up and gestured for them to come alongside. It made it difficult with the floats for them to come into the bank.
“Look,” Bella pointed ahead of them, “they don’t look as if they are moving anytime soon. What do we do? We do not want to start a fire fight with bows and arrows, do we? They have guns.”
They sat there watching the group of youths for ages. The first resemblances of light were appearing. Once it became light, they would be seen. Daz suddenly spoke, making everyone jump.
“I have the answer, they are bound to have other groups giving them grief every now and then. Let’s make them think they are being attacked.” Daz said.
“But how?” Don asked.
He pulled on the rope to the kayak behind them, dived into the sports bag and came out with a carry bag, put his hand in and pulled out a fist full of firework bangers.
“If Bella and I work our way up this side of the bank, duct tape the bangers to the arrows, and fire them over their heads behind them and to one side of them, it is bound to put the fear of the devil into them, or that is the theory, anyway. Once they are distracted, looking in the other direction, paddle past as fast as you can. We will catch you up.”
“But…”
“No time for buts,” Bella said. “It will be light soon, then we are screwed.”
“I don’t like it,” said Don, “But whatever, I don’t have a better plan.”
“I don’t like it either,” said Sandra, “be careful, both of you.”
Bella and Daz made their way up the bank and behind the trees, making their way to the bridge. They found some cover just feet from the bridge. They taped the bangers to the arrows, two to each, then Daz got down low behind a large tree and lit three long firework tapers. He brought them out and stuck them into the ground.
“Light the bangers as fast as you can, then get them into the brush to the left of the bridge. You have four arrows, so do I. We need to do it as quick as possible, so they all go off almost consecutively, then we will have to get back to the canoe. Are you ready?” he asked.
Bella nodded. As fast as they could, they lit each banger and started to fire them into the bushes. What they were not expecting was, the noise of the arrows alerting the youths. The group of four started looking around. One pulled out a gun and started to investigate, another kicked the fire barrel into the river. After both firing four each, instead of running to the canoe, they stood and watched. Bangs started ringing out, one after another. The youths stopped investigating and ran to the other side of the bridge buttress. The next lot went off. They scurried up the embankment to the road. Both Bella and Daz expected them to confront their fictitious attacker from the top of the bridge, but instead they ran down the road, away from the bridge. Bella felt like sending a few more arrows after them but thought better of it.
They saw Matt’s canoe go past and made their way back to theirs. By the time they caught up with the other canoe, they had reached the museum. Climbing out, they tied up the canoes.
“We need to get the canoes across into the canal before loading or they will be too heavy,” Bella explained.
“We need to ditch these floats,” Sandra insisted.
“Not sure about that,” said Don.
“Let’s get everything moved, we will decide later about the floats,” said Bella, “let’s just get everything moved first.”
It took them until daylight to get them into the canal. They had unpacked the four-man canoe, deciding it would be better if some of the heavier stuff was out to move them. It was not exactly flat, far from it. Even though it was light now, they took a few minutes to catch their breath and have a drink. It had been heavy going on the river. The water dragged against the floats, Sandra knew it, and on some of the shallower bits, they had gone too close to the bank, catching the floats on the trash people had thrown in.
Bella thought she would have the last word, she and Daz had gone back to get the floats. Bella got to them first, picked them up and threw them in the river, both watched them float downstream.
“Why,” Daz said.
“Fait a complete,” she said, “decision made, if they want them, they can go get them.”
“Remind me not to piss you off,” he said, “but you are right, it ends the arguments.”
When they got back, Don gave her a quizzical look.
“Where are the floats?” Don asked.
“I threw them in the river,” Bella answered, and walked off to grab a drink.
Don looked at Daz expecting him to say something, but Daz was still getting over Bella, telling the truth. He was expecting her to come up with a plausible lie; he was all ready to go along with her, but telling the truth, which caught him by surprise, it was definitely not what he was expecting. He smiled to himself and went over to get a bottle of water and then smiled at Bella. He could not stop himself.
Bella then saw Don making his way over to the van, she thought it prudent to apologise and explain why she had done it, when she saw Don rummaging through his pockets, then she could see the resigned look on his face in the half light.
“Where are the van keys Don, don’t tell me you forgot them, you will have to go back and get them,” Bella jested.
Don did not see the funny side, though.
Chapter Twenty-Nine.
Alex - trapped in the pit.
Alex tried to squeeze through the small gap under the back of the truck, but even though he was quite slim, he was not slim enough. He looked at the toolbox, but it was too far away. He looked at the jack at the other end. It would go through the gap, but not with the diff on it. Anyway, it would be out of reach to get it. He felt around in the bottom of the pit. It was too dark to see anything, but he managed to pick up his large two-hundred-and-twenty-piece socket set from the step. He pulled one of the boards that was still in the pit; he had been using them to stand on, to keep out of the water that had built up over time. Slotted it back in place, retrieving two more and doing the same. He laid out his socket set on the boards but could not see any way of the socket set helping him.
After staring at the problem again, he spotted it, the tie bar on the truck. That will do it. He chose the right socket from his socket set, then the torsion bar, and loosened all the bolts. Then swapped out to a ratchet and soon had the bar off; it was over four feet long, it would reach. He moved everything out of the way, pushed the bar under the back of the truck, balanced it on the edge of the jack, and pushed hard. It hit the diff squarely, toppling it off the jack. He then tried to hook the bar onto the jack, but it just kept falling off. He stopped and thought about it. He needed something you could use as a hook on the end of the bar, or maybe a rope, so he could make a lasso. He looked around but could find nothing, the bolts he had taken from the tie bar, but had nothing told them on with. He walked back to the front of the engine; he looked to see if he could find any nuts that would fit the bolts, the ones he had just taken out, holding on the tie bar, but nothing looked the right size. Then he noticed it, the fan belt, he could tape the fan belt to the end of the bar, then use it to pull the Jack back under the truck. He turned, reached for his socket, finding a socket large enough to remove the pulley wheel on the alternator, and started ratcheting away.
It took ages, but eventually managed to remove it. He took it back down to the tie bar, pushed the bolt through the end, wrapped the fan belt around the bolt and bar, then taped it all up. Pushing the bar out under the back of the truck, he managed to snag the handle of the Jack, with the fan belt then in place, pulled it towards him, turn slightly and then stopped. He moved the bar to the opposite side of the pit, leaning it in front of the Jack and pushed. The Jack cleared whatever it was snagging on, then managed to pull the jack towards the pit, eventually it was close enough he could reach it with his hand.
He set the jack under the chassis on two boards, straddling the pit, then placed two more boards on top of the jack to take up the majority of the space, the jack did not have much of a lift, maybe a foot if he was lucky. Once he was happy it was safe, he started jacking; it took ages just to start moving the truck from the ground; he kept jacking, checking all the time if there was enough room to get out, there was not. The jack was only rated at five tons; the truck was nearer twenty; he was struggling to jack it up; he was having to stop every few minutes to catch his breath. Eventually, it looked high enough, but it did not look safe. He used the remaining boards to prop up the truck under the chassis, having to lift it just slightly higher to get the last ones in. He could hear the wood splintering under the weight, the Jack was failing; it was now or never. He lifted himself up, turned himself over onto his back, and shimmied out from under the truck, as the jack gave way.
The smoke was still there, but was not getting any worse. He went right through to the back door of the workshop to get some fresh air. He worked his way around the front to see where the smoke was coming from. The smoke had been drifting over from a building a hundred yards away; it had all but burned down, the flames out now. Then he noticed the back of the aeroplane, he almost missed it, just the two back wings and the tail were showing, they were quite burnt. He never noticed that straight away. It confused him for a moment. How was it that there were no emergency services milling around the wreckage? He had not heard any sirens that he could remember. He looked around the trading estate, up and down the various roads he could see. There was nothing moving. It was also so quiet, even for a weekend. He went back into the workshop, picked up the phone, but it was dead. He rubbed his hands on a cloth, then reached into his bag for his mobile phone, which was also dead. It flashed through his mind in a moment of dread. An EMP or a CME, one or other, it has taken out the grid. He needed to get to his flat, pick up his go bag, and to get up to his uncle's croft on Loch Loman, as soon as possible, but how?
Back in the office, he forced the key safe open, grabbed the keys and went around the yard, checking all the vehicles, though after the first few, he knew it was futile. He had to think, things will break down, law and order will be a thing of the past, it will be every man to themselves. The gangs will make the most of it, if they have not already started. Bad people of all kinds will not be restrained by rules or the law. He knew of an old BSA motorbike, but that was miles away. There will be no public transport, it would be down to his push bike.
He looked around for anything he may need, but apart from the hunting knife he had in his bag, there was nothing else he could use as a weapon. He loaded all the bottled water in the canteen fridge into his bag, wheeled his bike outside, and locked up. Then it dawned on him, the road sweeper, it was only in for a new suction hose, nothing major, it had just been fitted with an oversized vee snow plough, God knows why, it looked as if they had taken it off a train, and they had even been serviced a few weeks ago when the plough was fitted, best of all, no computer system. He unlocked, retrieved the keys from his tray, came back out and tried the road sweeper. It started. The fuel was low, but that was not a problem. There was a gravity fed fuel tank on a stand in the backyard, though he had no idea where the key for it was. He checked the key safe, an obvious place, but no, they were not in the boss’s desk, the foreman’s desk, or in the filing cabinet. He was going back downstairs. Halfway down, he noticed the bolt croppers, which will do he thought, picked them up, climbed in the truck and swung it round to the backyard. The bolt croppers made short work of the lock. He filled up the tank, then filled six jerry cans, and put them in the side boxes after removing the tools, safety jackets, road signs and shovels. Put it in gear and set off.
Chapter Thirty.
Rachel – Hunted.
Rachel woke to silence; it felt a bit eerie. She made her way to the front desk, and as she approached, she started hearing crunching under her feet, glass, glass all over the floor. As she went around the corner, she noticed the front doors and glass panels were all broken. This filled her with trepidation. She did not know what had happened. Where was the security guard? After hitting the old bell on the reception desk, she waited, not sure whether that had been a clever idea. What if the person who broke the glass was still here? She was in two minds to go back to the flat and wait. Nobody came. Gritting her teeth, she hit it again. Still nothing. Rachel almost reluctantly, with her heart beating out of her chest, made her way around the desk. Then she was taken aback by what she saw, horrified by the shock of what she found. The security guard was dead, a piece of glass protruding from his ear, a large pool of blood on the floor, all around him. She stepped out from the desk a lot faster than she went behind it, almost falling over in the process. She needed air, she was gagging. She could feel something welling up in her throat. Rachel did not make it outside, covering the wall with her last meal. Staggering outside, she was floored. The matching block in front of her was no longer there. A plane was burning at the base, the building had collapsed.
El Gordo, she thought, rushing to the stairs, but the door would not open. She punched in her security code again, but it did not work, it did not even make that bleeping sound it usually did. Every time she pressed a number, silence.  Not sure what to do next, she remembered Brenda. Had she gone to Rachel’s when she didn’t turn up at the station to find her not there? Was she in Rachel’s flat still waiting? She thought about the possibilities, but no, they would have told her. Either way, there was no way that she could get up the stairs of the building, let alone into the flat.
Back outside, she could not understand why it was so quiet, and where were the rescue services? There was a building on fire, and no ambulances or fire engines. Why, come to that, she thought, has the world ended, but no one told her? She decided to check the railway station, to see if Brenda was there. Maybe she had gone home again. It felt like a dream. She picked her way through the rubble to the river path. It would take her there reasonably fast. She enjoyed walking along the river. The first thing she saw when she made it to the path were two bodies floating down the river. She gasped in horror. What the hell is going on, she thought.  It was only when she looked around her that she noticed the smoke coming up from several places within the city. She realised that she had not heard any traffic either. Her brain just kept going back to thinking this was the end of the world, when someone tapped her on the shoulder. It was an old lady.
“Are you all right, my dear?” the old lady asked.
“No, what happened? What’s happening?”
“The electricity went out, phone stopped working, cars stopped working, it's all stopped.”
“What caused it?” Rachel asked.
“They say we have been attacked by China, or maybe Korea. Nobody really knows. Others say it was an EMP, but nothing works, so nobody is telling us what really happened.”
“What is an EMP?”
“I don’t know girl, best you go home and wait for the electricity to come back on.”
“Thank you. I have to go to the station. A friend of mine was due in on a train.”
“None of the trains are working either. There was a crash there last night. Everyone was killed,” said the old lady.
“What train was it?”
“The one from York, the fast one, the express train, I think,” she said.
Rachael's heart was now in her mouth. That was the train Brenda was due in on, she thought.
“Thank you for your help, but I must go. I have to find my friend. I must know if she was on that train. I have to know if she is alive,” said Rachel.
Rachel felt tears welling up in her eyes as she hurried along the path. At the station, she asked about the train that had crashed and was told it was the York train from last night. She was gutted; they had also told her there were no survivors. As she left the station in tears, she was confronted by a group of teenagers, who would not let her pass. They started making rude suggestions. Rachel told them to go away and grow up. They were not taking no for an answer, she quickly turned and went back into the station, ran along the platform, and tried to make her way behind the station, so that she could get back onto the towpath back home, though she had no idea what she was going to do when she got there. They cut her off; she ran across the car park trying to get away, then crouched down behind several parked cars hoping they would not spot her, but there were a group of them now, the second group were riding bicycles, crisscrossing a car park looking for her. She waited until they reached the far end of the car park and made a run for it, heading west over the river bridge onto Riverside way. She ran into the road at the end of the lane, hoping to lose them, when she heard a screech of tyres.
Chapter Thirty-One.
Conflict at the Lock.
Don looked dejected as he returned to the others.
“Sorry, I left the van keys in my suit at home. We can’t get in,” Don explained humbly.
“Not a problem,” Brenda said, “someone give me a knife.”
Daz obliged.
She took the knife. It was a multi-tool really, but it was good enough. As they walked across to the van, Brenda pulled a hair grip from her hair. She slipped the hair grip into the lock and then the thinnest blade she could find, twisting slightly. She moved the hair grip back and forth. Everyone watched in amazement as suddenly the knife turned the lock, and the back came springing open.
“How the hell did you learn to do that?” Bella asked before anyone else could.
“I was brought up in an orphanage until my grandmother took me in. We used to break out at night, sneak down to the kitchen, and unlock the fridge. If we hadn’t, those so-called do-gooders would have starved us to death. We were always hungry there. It was the only way, we all learnt how to do it, just in case they moved one of us somewhere else.
After packing the canoes and kayaks with everything they could fit in, they climbed in and set off. After a while, Don stopped moaning about the floats altogether. Bella’s father had done something similar, though he had tied them to a long piece of cord first. They ended up being towed all the way back home. That’s where she got the idea from. Matt and Sandra were finding it easier to keep up now. Even Brenda had got the basics of paddling. She was a lot more relaxed now. Bella suspected it was because she had made herself useful and felt like less of a burden.
Although the landscape was more rural now, they knew they still had to go through some built-up areas. They contemplated stopping early to get some sleep so they could travel though the built-up areas in the late evening and early morning but still hadn’t made a final decision. They pulled into the bank at what they thought was about ten, when they were corrected by Sandra. She was wearing her mechanical nurses watch that she came across when raiding her jewellery box for some sentimental pieces (and the bits that were worth money). They may be able to use them for bartering for anything they may need later, when cash was just paper with pretty pictures on it. She informed them it was eleven fifteen.
The trees were a good place to stop. The girls all went into the trees. When they returned, the boys went into the trees and relieved themselves. Daz thought about asking Matt if he brought the toilet, but thought that one was dead now, or should be. Bella and Matt, with his liberated crossbow, stood watch while the others ate. Then Daz and Don took over, but there was nothing moving on the canal in either direction. After eating and deciding they would go a bit further before stopping for sleep, they set off again.
About an hour later, they came across their first lock. They pulled to one side and Bella got out. She was about to go up the steps to the lock gate when a man shouted down.
“You will need to pay if you want to go through here,” he shouted.
“How much?” Don replied.
“Half of everything you’re carrying.” he answered, then walked away.
They looked at each other.
“No way,” Bella said, “no way in hell.”
She grabbed her bow and arrows.
“Don, do your Yul Brinner impersonation, and say nothing,” she insisted, “then follow me.”
Don looked confused until Matt passed him two of the cartridge belts. He put them on across his chest, picked up his shotgun, and followed Bella up the steps. Bella had seen that the guy that had shouted down was swinging a bat; it was unlikely he was armed. As she crested the slope, she saw four of them, all in their late thirties or early forties, two women and two men. The two women were carrying garden forks, one man carried a large kitchen knife, and the guy that was part way across the lock gate had a cricket bat. He looked at Don as he appeared and hesitated for a moment, then turned tail and went back to the others, dropping the bat in the canal as he fumbled his way back. Don took a pose facing them, with the shotgun loosely resting in the crook of his arm.
“Now, has no one ever told you not to take a knife to a gunfight before?” Bella started, “Or a fork?”
Now Don didn’t say much, he let his gun talk for him.
“Drop those weapons, and stand against the wall,” Bella said, raising her voice a little, “Now. Right. You, the cricket fan, work the lock gates.”
She stood there glaring at him. Don looked stunned. This thirteen-year-old had more guts than any of them.
Once through the lock and about a hundred yards away, Bella told Daz to pull over to the side of the canal.  He did; he wasn’t about to argue with her. She reached in to one of the bags and pulled out a large bag of porridge and a bag of rice, placing them on the canal bank.
“Your payment,” she shouted back at them, then looked at Daz, “Let’s go.” She started pushing off, and they paddled away.
It was silent for quite a while after that. Even Matt said nothing.
Chapter Thirty-Two.
Shot in the leg.
Just outside Kirkstall, a suburb of Leeds, Sandra shouted something that Bella did not hear. Sandra then put two fingers from each hand in her mouth and blew. They must have heard that whistle in Leeds, Bella thought. She got the message. They turned around and pulled aside Sandra.
“What’s up?” Bella asked.
“The kayak. It’s gone. It must have come loose,” she said.
The kayak had the extra water in it, the tarps, the extra paddles, and some of the dried food. She contemplated whether or not to leave it, as Don suggested.
“We have plenty of everything. It’s the least important of the two kayaks,” Don said.
But then Bella remembered that Bobby’s bag was in there. She didn’t want to lose that.
“Stay here. We’ll get it,” she said, untying the kayak she was towing. She passed the rope to Don.
“Come on Daz, let's see if we can find it,” she hollered as pushed off.
They paddled for a while, but didn’t see it, not until they rounded the next bend. Three men were pulling it out of the water. Bella shouted at them. They looked right at Bella, then one flipped her the birdy. That infuriated Bella.
“Paddle faster,” she hollered at Daz, “come on, faster.” As they gained on the fleeing men carrying the kayak, Bella shouted, “Keep going!”
Before Daz could work out why they were slowing, Bella had picked up her bow. She took aim and hit the front man in the leg, just below his knee, the one that had flipped her the birdy. The man crumpled to the ground, screaming in pain. The kayak hit the ground. The guy at the back stumbled but stayed on his feet. Then she noticed the third man, he was taking aim with a catapult. She swung left, took quick aim, and let the arrow fly. It hit him in the hand, making him drop the catapult. He reeled with the pain, then said words Bella had heard but never used herself. He pulled the arrow out and started to pick up the catapult, but thought better of it as he noticed Bella aiming again. Instead, he hurdled the fence and let off across the field away from the canal, followed closely by the uninjured man, leaving their mate still writhing on the path.
Bella steered into the back and jumped out, leaving Daz to tie up the canoe. She looked at the man lying on the path, bow string pulled, arrow ready.
“I should finish you for that,” she said.
“No, no, don’t shoot! Please don’t kill me!” the man said.
Daz was up next to Bella like a shot. He looked at Bella, then put his hand on her arm.
“No Bella, no.”
Bella was never going to do it. She just wanted to make the guy suffer a little. It worked. A damp patch appeared on his trousers. She passed the bow to Daz.
“Take your shirt off, I need to stop that bleeding.”
He looked at Bella, then his leg, then at Daz, then back to Bella. He reached up and took off his t-shirt and passed it to Bella. Bella noticed the brand name, it was expensive, reached for the knife in the sheath on her belt and cut the t-shirt up the front. You could see the man wince.
“This may hurt a little,” Bella said in a pleasant voice.
She grabbed the arrow and pulled it out in one. The guy was beside himself with the sudden pain. Bella then proceeded to cut the leg of his trousers to the knee, then bandaged his leg with the shirt. She looked into his eyes.
“You’re not going to steal again, are you?” she said in a calm voice as she stood up. “You need a doctor to look at that.”
Turning, she took the bow back from a stunned Daz, walked back down the bank and climbed into the canoe, leaving Daz to wrestle the kayak back to the water. Bella tied it off and gestured for Daz to get in so they could leave.
They paddled for a good ten minutes before Daz said anything.
“Are we just going to leave him there?” Daz asked.
“Yes.”
“Is that all you’re going to say?”
“Yes, what else do you want me to say? He stole my brother’s things.”
That ended that conversation. When they got back, Don had decided that the other bank was a good place to stop for refreshments and some sleep. They pulled into the opposite bank and set up camp. Don got out the camping stove, and boiled some water, then added some tea bags.
“Tea anyone?” he asked, pulling out some plastic cups and the powdered milk.
“Please,” said Bella, holding out her hand for the first one Don had already pored.
Bella and Brenda wandered off to find somewhere to relieve themselves. Daz wasn’t sure whether to tell Don the truth about what happened with the kayak and the three men. After considering the events, he knew he had to say something. He told the other three what had transpired. Matt was sceptical as both he and Bella had been bullied. They both ran away from fights, not towards them. But they all had to agree, Bella had changed. She was standing up for herself.
Matt and Bella took first watch. They would wake Don and Daz in a few hours when it started to get dark, then get five hours to sleep themselves before setting off again.
Chapter Thirty-Three.
Awoke to gunfire.
Bella had not been asleep long when she heard gunfire. It woke all of them. It wasn’t close by, but they knew it wasn’t far away either. It wasn’t in the same direction they were heading. It was just after ten o’clock at night. They listened intently, trying to locate where the gunfire was coming from, but it was so sporadic that they couldn’t tie down how far away it was and or where exactly it was coming from. After hearing no gunfire for quite a while, Bella, Daz, Matt, and Brenda decided to try to get a bit more sleep, as they would be paddling through the night. They had all made the decision. The earliest they would leave would be around two in the morning, depending on what they heard coming from the town.
Don woke them up about one o'clock. He had made hot drinks and retrieved some energy bars from one of the packs for a quick snack. He thought it unwise to create any cooking smells just in case the smell drifted and alerted someone of their location. Even though it had been just one day, he knew supermarkets would be starting to get short of food. People would be panicking, especially if they knew the power was not going to be coming back on.  Knowing there was no one out there that would be coming to help them anytime soon. Not having any form of communication would also be exacerbating people's feelings of insecurity. They couldn’t contact anyone. Almost certainly there wouldn’t be any police to keep on top of any criminal activity, and people would be taking advantage of every opportunity. When he first read this on the Internet, he just thought it was scaremongering, but now he knew. Now it was reality.
Daz and Matt wandered off to relieve themselves, while Brenda and Bella joined Don on the bank of the canal to see if there had heard any further gunfire in the night.
“No, it's been quiet as a grave,” said Don.
“I guess we need to get packed up pretty soon then,” said Sandra.
“Yes, once people have had something to drink, maybe even something to eat, before we get underway. It may be quite a while before we can stop safely again.”
He pulled out a pink Ordnance Survey map, already open and folded to the area they were in. He pointed to several X's he had put on the map.
“These are potential places to worry about, the areas I expect we will encounter any dangerous people still out and about. Areas that even in normal times you would think twice about entering after dark. Hopefully, they all got drunk and went home to sleep it off,” he suggested.
“Only one way to find out,” Bella commented, “we just have to be ready for anything.”
“I don’t like it,” said Sandra, “is there another way of doing it?”
Daz and Matt returned, they both took a cup of Don’s terrible tea, but said nothing. Bella boiled some more water and made the girls Ovaltine.
“The gas and the Ovaltine have to last.” Don remarked.
“We know,” Sandra said, “but we have a long way to go. I need something other than tea to wake me up.”
“Thought Ovaltine is meant to help you sleep, or that’s what the ads say,” commented Matt.
“Ads are just trying to sell you something.” Sandra replied.
Bella studied the map, tracing the line of the canal, then contemplated the river as an alternative. But both had their hazards. Bella opened the map, looking at the unbelievably short distance they had travelled. Everywhere she looked, they were surrounded by towns. She started thinking of her father, what he would do. Her father would be getting ready to return home. If he gets there, would he leave Bobby behind and come by himself? If he did get home, he would see the spray-painted message she left on the living room wall. He couldn’t miss it.
“After Kirkstall, we’re back into country until we get to Rodley. It’s not a very large town, but we still have the same concerns. It won’t be long until everyone figures out the power isn’t coming back on, that their phones are not going to suddenly work, and everything is never going back to normal. From what I read this week, people will be scared, and scared people are dangerous. If it’s to feed their children, they will do things they would never have thought of a week ago.”
“Wow Bella, you’re scaring me.” said Brenda.
“And me,” Sandra agreed, “why are you so calm?”
“When I came so close to the end yesterday, I vowed that nothing or no one would ever make me feel like that ever again. I am alive. I have plenty to live for. I am determined to stay alive. I am not going back to the scared little girl I was, ever again.”
Nobody knew what to say after that. Everyone went quiet. Don started to pack up and Matt helped him. Bella repacked her rucksack and put it into the canoe, while the others packed up their last bits and pieces. Bella then pulled out a bottle of water for each to take with them, and one to replenish any they had drunk from their rucksacks from the reserve water in the kayak they nearly lost. They didn’t want to keep using the water in their bug out bags, they may at any time have to leave the canoes behind.
Daz dragged Bella to one side. He was worried about her.
“Are you alright Bella? You look a bit distant, a bit distracted.”
Daz thought Bella was just putting on a brave face and was just as scared as the rest of them.
“I’m fine. I’m just worried about my father. He could be looking for me already. I need to get to him. I have no way of contacting him. Even when the phones were working, there was no phone service there. He may not even know what’s happened yet. That place is in the middle of nowhere, it's a total black spot for any form of media, they don’t even have a television. I need to get to him as quickly as possible. I even contemplated walking, just taking the rucksack and going, walking there overland, thinking it might be faster. But when I looked at the map, I saw the problems with that were just as bad and realised maybe using the canal was a lot safer. I just need to get to my father; I just need to know he’s okay.” Bella said.
Tears started appearing in her eyes, Daz noticed. He didn’t know what to say, so instead he gave her a hug.
“It’ll be alright. Even if he’s not there, I will help you find him, I promise you.”
Chapter Thirty-Four.
Alex – Precarious Moments.
Alex slammed on the brakes. The oversized snow plough was blocking his vision. He could not be sure whether or not he had hit her. He had no choice; he had to get out and look. Pulling the keys from the ignition, he unlocked the door, climbed out, locking the door behind him. He walked round the front, finding her lying there, inches from the plough. He was about to shout at her for being so stupid as to run out in front of him, when he saw a group of thugs running towards them. He helped her up onto her feet and told her to climb in on the other side quickly. She just looked at him with a blank face, so he dragged her round to his side of the truck, unlocked the door, and helped her in. He climbed in after her, pushing her across the large bench seat, so he could have enough room to drive, locked the door, then fired the truck back up. A large plume of black smoke bellowed from the twin exhaust stacks as they pulled away.
“Where are you going? Why were they chasing you? By the way, my name is Alex, what do I call you?”
“I don't know where I'm going, I have no one left, everyone's dead, even my cat is trapped in my flat and I can't get to him, so I haven't even got my cat, poor El Gordo. Oh, and my name is Rachel.”
“Look, I have to get back to my flat and pick up my stuff. I need to get out of the city, it's not safe being in any town or built-up area now. Where do you want me to drop you?”
“I don’t know, I don’t know what I am going to do now,” Rachel replied, “I just can’t think.”
Rachel sobbed uncontrollably into her folded arms, she had no idea of anything anymore, she just wanted to cry. Alex was not good with girls, especially crying ones. He had no idea what to say or how to help her. They drove for a while in silence.
As they neared the area Alex lived in, out of nowhere a group of youths appeared, throwing stones and pieces of wood at the truck, cracking the windscreen. This shocked them both back into reality. Alex manoeuvred the narrow street, passing abandoned vehicles. Until this point, they were able to successfully use the snow plough to push any vehicles blocking them out of the way. Now he was heading down the road that was blocked by a lorry across the end, with nowhere to go. He had people behind him throwing stones, and God knows what waiting for him when he reached the lorry. He slowed, trying to think of the best way round this. Manoeuvring around the lorry was not an option, the street was lined with trees on both sides, he could not get on the pavement, it was just too narrow... He could hit the lorry, but he was not sure whether it would push the lorry out of the way, or stop him dead, but he had to decide soon, he was running out of road.
He made the decision. If they stop, they will be overrun. There was no longer a choice for it. He had to try to push the lorry out of the way. The lorry was a seven and a half tonne curtain sider; he did not know what was on the other side of the lorry, he just had to hope there was nothing heavy. He started picking up speed, exhausts billowed out black smoke as he sped up, leaving a trail behind them. He barrelled down the road, knocking the cars out of the way. He did not even feel them, they just rolled onto the pavement. He aimed for the back of the lorry, the part of the lorry he thought would be the lightest. He aimed just behind the back wheels and put the pedal to the floor. Telling Rachel to put on her seat belt and hold on tight, doing the same himself, he then counted down to the impact, brace yourself, three, two, one… he smashed into the back of the lorry. It disintegrated, flying pieces a plastic, metal, and wood, in all directions. There was nothing the other side, other than a group of men with bats and lengths of wood who scattered. Alex did not look back, he was just glad he did not stop, and they continued down the road.
When they reached Alex’s flat, he drove the truck onto the lawn. He then proceeded to show Rachel where the horn was, and told her if anyone came near the truck, she was to press the horn and keep pressing until he appeared. Moments later, he climbed out, and locked the door, disappearing into the building in front of the truck. There were a few curious people that came out of their houses and flats to gape at the truck, this road sweeper snowploughs parked on the lawn, but nobody went up to it. They just stared as if in disbelief. Alex was less than fifteen minutes. He came back, unlocked, then climbed in, put his rucksack, and crossbow behind the seat and sat there for a moment, contemplating what to do next.
“Rachel, I am heading north to my uncle’s croft in Scotland, do you want to come with me? I can’t leave you in the city, it is not safe.”
“I guess so. I have nowhere else to go. I have no one left,” she said in a resigned voice.
“First, we need to go back to my workshop, we need to beef this thing up. I have everything there I need, but it does mean we will be in the city for another day, will you be okay with that?” Alex asked.
“Yes, whatever you need to do.”
“It may get a little hairy going back through town. Make sure your seatbelt is on.”
Chapter Thirty-Five.
The road worrier.
The journey back to the yard was pretty uneventful, save for a few rowdy people wondering why an old Leyland Road sweeper was able to drive around and their posh new cars weren't able to, Alex suspected. Once they got back to the yard, Alex opened the big roller shutter doors and drove it in. Then Alex showed Rachel where the canteen was and told her to get a drink and something to eat, and to get some rest afterwards. He asked her to pack up any food she could find into the old bread crates they’d found, if she felt up to it. She said she was happy to and trundled off on her way. Alex was a little worried about Rachel. She was very quiet, he thought. In any other situation, when they were still in normal times, they would have been keeping her on suicide watch in a mental health facility.
Alex proceeded looking round the workshop and the yard outside, collecting up pieces of steel, some heavy-duty steel mesh, some heavy metal plates, some brackets, pieces of angle iron, and assorted bits. Then he pulled out the old oxy settling welding kit and got to work. It did not take as long as he expected. He soon had a grill to go over the windscreen made of steel mesh and angle iron. Steel plates with slots cut out, to both see out of, and to be able to shoot his crossbow. These were to go over the side windows, and four plates to cover the wheels. Once he had them all ready, he used the hoist to get them in position, then used the old gas welding set to weld them in permanently. It took him less than half a day, and now he had a battlewagon, protected against most assaults. ready to get on his journey to Scotland, the worst being getting out of Leeds. He sat back in an old chair and looked at his creation. After several minutes of sitting there, Rachel came in.
“Looks good, but it is still a bit yellow though,” she said.
“Guess it does stand out a bit. We will have to do something about that,” he said, “and I have an idea to remedy that.”
Alex got up and vanished into the back storeroom. Moments later, he came back with several tins of paint. He then turned, returning to the storeroom, and came out with a long air hose, a gas regulator, and an adapter. Sitting back down and preceded to adapt the regulator so it would take the air hose. Once he had finished, he returned to the storeroom, and came back with a five-gallon drum of paint thinners. He laid everything out, then went outside and brought in a fresh bottle of oxygen. He strapped the bottle to one of the uprights on the nearest car lifts for safety and fitted the adapter. He collected a new mixing bucket from the storeroom, mixed up some paint in the bucket, then poured some into the sprayer, put on a protective mask, and started spraying the truck. When it was finished and the air had cleared, he invited Rachel to come and have a look.
“Mad Max, eat your heart out,” she said on seeing it.
“It will do then,” he said.
“Looks mean, hopefully people will avoid us. Pity you don’t have a couple of machine guns you can mount on the front,” she jested.
“I could mock some up, but I don’t want to be here any longer than I have to, and I still have a few things to do.”
Alex took a break; it was going to take a while for the paint to dry and harden. After having a drink and a pie he found in the fridge, he returned to the workshop. First, he reached into the truck cab and released the lock for the rubbish collector compartment, then pulled the leaver which opened the back of the rubbish collector. When he got to the back of the truck, he was pleasantly surprised it was spotlessly clean. It had been pressure washed after all. In the storeroom, he had seen two ten-gallon carboys of distilled water. He collected them and put them in the back of the truck. Returning to the storeroom, he collected four empty carboys; he filled one from the tap with water, and barrowed the other three outside. Once he had filled each with diesel along with six five-gallon cans he found, he brought them in and loaded them up. After collecting the food and water, Rachel had crated up. Putting it on the truck, he closed the back down again, making sure it was secure. They were ready. He checked the workshop was all locked up, and he had not left any doors open, collected his crossbow from the cab, locked the truck and went into the canteen, where Rachel was patiently waiting.
“Everything is done, I have topped out the fuel tank, and the paint is dry. It is five o’clock or thereabouts, we can get some sleep and set off just before light.”
“Sounds like a promising idea, but I don’t expect I will sleep much. My head is still spinning. I don’t really understand what has happened, do you?” Rachel asked.
“Only too well. What do you want to know?” he asked.
“Everything, please, enlighten me, because as I said, I don’t have a clue.”
After explaining to her what a CME was, and the chances of the electric coming back on in the next five years was unlikely, he then went on to explain how the problem was worldwide and may take decades before things come back to any form of normality. In the meantime, it will be the strongest that would survive. It would be the ruthless ones vying for power and control. They would do anything they needed to, as there is no law to deter their ruthlessness. There will be many power struggles – a lot would inevitably die.
“It will not be just the crooks that will turn to violence, food in towns will be gone in just a few days. Starving people will kill for food, people you would not expect to be potential killers, will become killers to survive. According to an American study, after a CME they predict that within six months, ninety percent of the modern world’s population will be dead. That is nine out of every ten people dying. Makes you really think, doesn’t it, it’s a scary thought. That’s why I intend to hunker down with my uncle on the island. It is out of the way and easy to defend.”
Chapter Thirty-Six.
Alex – Escape from the City.
Alex woke around three in the morning. He was ready to go. He did not want to be late leaving. It was better they got onto the road before the sun came up. He needed to manoeuvre between any broken-down vehicles before daylight, as there would be more people around after sunup. They did not want to get ambushed. Alex woke Rachel, as even though she had said that she would not sleep, she had fallen asleep straight away after they had finished talking.  This was a surprise after the revelations which he had made her aware of, she had looked stunned about what was happening, and what might happen in the near future.
“What time is it?” Rachel asked.
“Close to three o'clock, I expect. My watch is not very reliable. I forget to wind it every now and again,” he said.
“Are we leaving?”
“Yes, soon, we’ll have something to eat and drink before we go, but we must be leaving shortly”.
Rachel made her way to the ladies’ bathroom, while Alex sorted out the drinks. He broke into the snack bar machine for its contents. He emptied the snacks on to the table so Rachel could sort through and take what she wanted.
“Help yourself to whatever you fancy,” he said, passing her a bottle of water. “I want to get out of here soon.”
“I’m ready,” she said, “Whenever.”
Alex sat there and looked at the vending machines on the far wall.  They were numerous, one for sandwiches which was empty, one almost full of crisps, and a cigarette vending machine. He decided he would not leave them for someone else to raid. He would empty them, why he would he leave it behind? It could all be useful, he thought.
After emptying all the vending machines, Alex put the contents into several carrier bags, which they then loaded up. Alex opened the large roller doors, backed out, and they drove off. They made their way to the bypass, hoping to travel all the way out of Leeds on the A61. After leaving the yard, they made their way down Bridgewater Road to the roundabout, and they joined the bypass. To this point it was very easygoing, just the odd vehicle in the way which they soon pushed into the curb using the plough, but the bypass was a different kettle of fish. It was nose-to-tail traffic stalled on both carriageways. There was no way they were going to travel very far on this road.
Alex turned around, went back down to the roundabout and headed west along The Calls Lane. After a while, the stalled cars were blocking the road ahead. Suspecting an ambush, he took the next right, then at the end turned right into Wellington Street, all the time having to push vehicles out of the way. This was not going to be as easy as he thought. He knew if he stayed on Wellington Street, at the end he could get onto the A58 and start heading north again. But even before he got to the end of the road, he could see that the flyover was just as full of cars as the A61. He went out under the flyover and on to the A65 with the idea of cutting off north on Willow Road. The A65 had a lot of cars on it and other vehicles, but it was nowhere near as bad as any of the ring roads. As he got into sight of the junction, he noticed, the road had been blocked. There were several oil drums in the road well ablaze and it was getting light. He stopped and turned out the lights.
Even though they had pushed several vehicles off the road, and not that quietly, sometimes with quite a bump, Rachel had gone back to sleep, but surprisingly, stopping woke her up.
“What’s up,” she asked, “why have we stopped?”
She rubbed her eyes.
“Don’t you see it, some sort of roadblock, just trying to make out if there is anyone manning it and if they have seen us yet.
“What are you thinking of doing?” she asked.
“Not sure yet. I have to think about it. Keep your eyes open to your left, I don’t want anyone sneaking up on us.”
Rachel turned to the left, cupped her hand to her forehead, and peered through the slot into the breaking dawn. But the decision was taken out of his hands as he noticed four people walk out from behind the barricade, they knew he was there, one was carrying what looked like a rifle. Alex put the truck into first gear then hesitated, changing his mind at the last minute. He put the truck in reverse and turned around, heading back the way they came. He had to find another route out of here and it would not be a main road. A short distance back, he turned onto Grace Street, then at the end, he turned onto St Paul's Street, and eventually onto Westgate. Then went under the fly over onto Park Lane, hopefully on the quieter road with fewer problems. They easily tracked through the residential area and backstreets, eventually coming out at the Kirkstall Road roundabout, where he joined the A65. Not an easy journey, he had to push several vehicles out of the way, some of them were quite heavy vans, but he had managed it, and without any conflicts other than people throwing stones. He was now back on to a main road, but well away from the town centre. Now there was just Kirkstall itself.
Chapter Thirty-Seven.
Bella - Running the Gauntlet.
Bella wiped her tears, pushed away from Daz, and picked up a bow. She walked down to the canal and climbed into the canoe. Once everyone was ready they pushed off; it was very dark and it was hard to see the canal bank, but by the time they got to Kirkstall, the sky was starting to clear. It would be light in less than an hour, and they could make out the canal banks now a lot better. It was all clear until they were coming up to the Broad Lane Bridge. There were several people on the bridge. They could make out movement but were unsure how many there were. They pulled over to the side of the canal beside a fenced builder's merchant's yard. It did not look as if they had been spotted yet. Bella suggested they do a similar thing to what they had done in Leeds, but Don was not that keen on the idea. It was not so easy to get to the bridge, even though leading up to it they would have been covered by some trees. Don was worried about the high security fence. They would have to go over to get to the bridge, and if they had to make it back to the canoes fast, there may be problems getting back over the fence quick enough. The problem was real. The longer they sat there, the lighter the day was getting. Daz then suggested that Bella and he canoed under the cover of the trees close to the bank, halfway to the bridge. This would be close enough and would give them enough cover to be in a position to send a few arrows over, to panic the people on the bridge. With a lack of any other ideas, Daz and Bella silently inched their way closer after first lighting two firelighter tapers, as they would be too close to light later.
They eventually stopped, choosing a spot that had several large trees overhanging the canal, creating a well shaded area for them. On the opposite side of the canal, closer to the bridge, was an area of trees and shrubs. They decided that would be where they were going to put the fireworks. They lit the fireworks and quickly fired them into the bushes. Unlike their previous encounter, only two ran and they ran towards the bushes.  Daz and Bella could now clearly see that there were three people left stood looking over the bridge towards the bushes as if nothing had happened, they were obviously not worried that this could be gunfire. That changed everything.
Don, not knowing what had happened, had already set off, the agreed signal to start paddling was when the fireworks started going off. They would be alongside very soon. Bella and Daz looked at each other.
“No choice now,” said Bella, “we have to go for it.”
They put the bows down and picked up their paddles, pushed themselves off from the bank, and started paddling as fast as they could, but as they got closer to the bridge, they were spotted.
“Faster, faster,” Bella shouted at Daz, and they sailed under the bridge, with splashes of bricks or stones behind them. They were free and clear.
As Don got nearer, the group on the bridge started throwing things. It looked like bricks. To have bricks on the bridge ready to throw, they must have expected someone to come up the canal. It was starting to look very dangerous; it would only take one brick to cause any of them serious injury, or a well-placed brick could go through the bottom of the canoe. Matt pulled out his crossbow and fired wildly at the bridge, but they took no notice of it. Don leant down and picked up his shotgun. He put two shots into the air in rapid succession, which got their attention. The remaining three were out of there like scared rabbits. Don and the others were soon under the bridge and reunited with Bella and Daz.
After they were clear of the last of the houses, they came across an unmanned lock. They went through with ease. Then, after travelling a short distance further away, they pulled over to the side to catch their breath. It was light now, but it had started to rain. Don pulled out the ponchos and gave them to the three girls and one to Matt, then put on his Parka, Daz put on his leather coat, pulled the hood up on his hoodie, covering it with a beanie. They were going to get wet but hoped the weather would keep people from being outside as they went through Rodley. They were soaked by the time they got to Newley’s locks. This was a three-tier lock. They passed through without incident. Half a mile further on, they pulled to the left bank; it had stopped raining, so they could drink something warm and get dry. They were soon into fresh clothes, and the sun had come out. Don had just got the water hot when Matt came back from his excursion with Daz.
“Boat coming,” he shouted. “They are armed. We need to get the canoes hidden, now,” Matt insisted.
It was not easy getting the canoes out of the water loaded, but just in time, they managed to drag them away from the water into the cover of the trees, then hid themselves in the foliage. They watched a canal barge chug by them, with two men on the roof of the barge armed with shotguns and several unarmed-up front and in the back. Daz followed them at a distance, keeping himself hidden in the thick stands of trees. At the lock, he expected they would turn and come back, but they didn’t. They went through the lock and carried on.
Daz returned to find that everyone was very jumpy. He was greeted with Bella’s bow and Matt’s crossbow pointing at him until he got close enough for them to realise who it was.
“They went straight through the lock, not stopping. I watched them until they went out of sight. The whole way I followed them, and especially when I watch them go through the lock, I did not think they were threatening. I don’t think they were any form of gang, or anything like that. They even seemed like they were laid back. I think the shotguns were not there aggressively, I think they were just on show as protection,” Daz explained.
After a hot drink, Daz went quite a way back towards the lock, to look beyond the lock gates in case they had returned. Mat and Bella went in the other direction to make sure the coast was clear. When all three had returned, they emptied the heavy items from the canoes, then manoeuvred them back into the water. After reloading them, they climbed in and set off again.
They paddled most of the day. There were few houses in sight of the canal, but they still took it slowly. They did not want to be surprised by anyone. As they got closer to Rodley, they took a break. They discussed when they were going to go through the town. Once they were past Rodley, they would be safer, as there were only a few houses on the right-hand bank, mainly farms. It was taking too long though; they had travelled less than ten miles in two days. After a heated discussion, a majority decision was made, with Don and Brenda being outvoted. They would do it in daylight, they would leave in an hour.
Chapter Thirty-Eight.
Alex – The body.
They continued along the A65 until they got to Kirkstall. Although there were a lot of people around, they had no problems, apart from the usual issue of having to knock stalled vehicles out of their way, which was fairly often. Shortly after leaving Kirkstall, the truck started playing up. Steam was coming out of the bonnet until it made it hard to see. They had no choice; they had to stop somewhere. A few miles up the road on the left, he spotted a dirt track. Pulling off and getting well away from the road, they stopped. Alex got out and lifted the hood. The engine had been overheating; it was soon obvious what the problem was. They had run out of water in the radiator. Alex hated the idea of using drinking water to fill the radiator and knew the river was close by. He could hear it.
After a brief break, he went looking for the river. It was a lot closer than he thought. It was just the other side of a clump of trees and hedge. All he had to put the water in were four empty half litre bottles they had drunk on the journey. Getting down to the river was not easy. This may take a few trips, he thought to himself. On returning to the truck, the engine had cooled down enough. He removed the cap of the radiator and put the first four bottles in, returning to get some more. He ended up making six trips. Exhausted in the heat, he sat down to drink from a bottle of drinking water; he knew better than to drink river water. His uncle had told him of all the different diseases he could catch from river water, even if it looked sparkly clean. After Rachel returned from relieving herself, Alex tried to start the truck. It did not like starting, but worked after a few tries, sounding rough.
Alex lifted the hood again and peered at the engine. It was running but sounded terrible. It was not until Rachel asked about the water under the truck that the penny dropped. The head gasket had gone. This truck was going nowhere soon. Alex knew where there was a head gasket, and he was quite capable of changing it, but that meant going back to his workshop. This is something he may do if it was not for Rachel. He could leave her here, though, he thought. He decided to go for a walk down to the river, clear his head, and weigh his options.
He discussed the idea of going back to get his tools and the headset with Rachel, but she was not keen ongoing back to Leeds, nor did she want to be left days not knowing if he would ever return again. He was conflicted about what to do next. The option of walking did not bother him, though it would take a lot longer to get to Scotland and his uncle, but he was not sure whether Rachel would be up to it. At the end of the day, they had to make a decision. The consensus of opinion was to sleep on it, decide in the morning, or it was her decision, and who was he to argue. He had already realised; he could not just leave her there.
Alex was up just before dawn the next day. He packed all he could carry in his rucksack and two smaller bags for Rachel, then woke her. He had seen the bridge over the river to the canal the day before and decided that would be safer to travel, than the road would be. Once they were ready, Alex locked the truck. He did not know why, as it was so isolated there it would be untouched for years, he thought.
“Let’s go,” he said, “the sooner we start the sooner we get there.”
“Guess so,” she replied.
They had not gone far along the canal when they saw it as they rounded a bend – a canal boat. It looked as if it was adrift and empty. Alex made Rachel wait in the trees until he had checked it out. She was not happy about it, but did as she was told. Alex snuck up through the tree cover until he was alongside it. He waited in the trees for several minutes before he came out.
“Hello, the boat?” he called out.
There was no reply.
“Hello, the boat, anyone on board?”
But still no reply. He made his way into the water; it was not far from the bank. Once he reached it, he pulled himself up onto the boat.
“Is there anyone in there?” he called.
He heard a groan. Not sure what to do next, he hesitated. It was several more minutes before he decided to go in. He wished he had brought his crossbow, but he had left it with Rachel. On entering it hit him, the smell, it was vomit and faeces. He noticed something move in the dim light; it was an old man. He was lying on the floor, and he did not look good. Alex slid back the roof above the door he had entered through, then opened the curtains to the portholes.
“Are you okay?” he asked, not knowing what to say really.
“I have had a heart attack, I think.” The man struggled to speak. “I ran out of diesel. I was using the pole, trying to get to the bank, then suddenly my arm hurt, then my chest. That was last night. I crawled back in here this morning. I was so cold, I cannot get warm,” the old man said.
The man was now gasping for breath.
“Hang on a second,” Alex said, and went in search of a blanket.
He went to put the blanket he had found over the man. His eyes were staring back at Alex. They looked odd, making Alex uncomfortable.
“I have brought you a blanket,” he said.
He put the blanket over the man.
“How is that?” Alex asked.
But there was no answer. Alex felt for a pulse, then pulled back. This was the first dead person he had ever seen in real life, never mind touched. Getting to his feet, he rushed to the hatch and onto the deck. He had hardly lent over the side before he fed the fishes.
After Alex managed to gain his composure, he found the pole and pushed the canal boat against the side of the bank. Then went to the front, found the rope tide to the bow and started dragging it down towards Rachel. It was not as hard as he thought it would be. Rachel came out from the trees and Alex filled her in on what he had found.
“The body is still inside, though,” he said.
Rachel winced. It took Rachel several minutes to compose herself.
“If we get the body off and buried, can we use the canal boat? Or should I say, does the canal boat work? It'll be a lot faster than walking.”
Alex thought for a moment.
“It will get us the next twenty or thirty miles, but then it goes in the wrong direction. I am pretty certain this is the Leeds to Liverpool canal, or something like that. Still, I think it ends up in Liverpool. Certainly, that is one place we do not want to go, especially after what we have seen so far. The old man said it had run out of fuel, but there is plenty back at the truck.”
They wrapped the old man in a blanket, then a tarpaulin, before trying to move him. It took them over half an hour to get him out and onto the bank, and a further hour to carry him into the woods. They did not have a spade and there was not one on the boat. So, they covered the old man with branches and leaves. It was the best they could do. Rachel started to clean up the puke on the carpet in the cabin, then decided to pull the carpet up after all, discarding it on the canal bank. While Alex dragged the canal boat down the canal to where they had left the truck, then tied up.
Rachel stood guard with Alex’s crossbow, while Alex Retrieved a can of diesel from the truck and tested the engine, and thankfully it worked. He then made trip after trip, back and forth from the truck for all the supplies he had stored in the back, finally returning with the last carboy of distilled water. He rolled it over the bridge and onto the boat. They started the engine again, made their way into the centre of a very wide section of the canal and, using two large steel wheel rims he found tied to ropes, threw them into the canal to use as anchors.
Chapter Thirty-Nine.
El Gordo – Home Alone.
El Gordo was laying in his favourite place, the pillow on Rachel’s bed, when he realised it was his dinner time, but his servant Rachel was not home yet to feed him. He went back to sleep. El Gordo woke a few hours later, and she still was not back. He'd been through something like this once before, when his previous servant, an old lady, just vanished one day and never came back. But she had sent Rachel to look after him. Rachel, in a way, was a lot better. She usually fed him on time. The food was a lot better, and she gave him lots of strokes. But where was she? She was well overdue to give him his food. He would have to feed himself.
Knowing the lovely soft juicy food was in the fridge, he made his way to the kitchen. The fridge was no problem for him; he had opened it before. El Gordo was not happy when he arrived at the kitchen. Some inconsiderate person had left a chair in front of the fridge, but he could move it - he was El Gordo, after all. But all the same, he would visit his litter tray first, make room for a good feast, he thought. He went through his special door, onto the balcony and into his igloo. She had not cleaned it, she always cleaned his igloo, which was one thing he liked about her.
Back in the kitchen, he looked at the chair. He would not have to move it far to open the fridge. El Gordo assessed his claws on the Lino. Yes, they went in. He would have a good grip. He sidled up to the fridge, put his head as far as he could between the fridge and the chair leg, got a good grip with his claws, into the Lino, and pushed. It took him several attempts, but as he knew he would, he did it. He then put his claws into the rubber seal on the door and kicked with all his might. The door opened. There it was. He didn’t even have to climb. Three pouches of that lovely food on the bottom shelf. He pulled one out with his teeth, trotted up the hallway to the bedroom with it in his mouth, climbed onto the bed, looked at the pouch and purred. He was going to eat the food on the pillow and then hide the pouch in the bed. This way she will know what she had done wrong. Digging his claws into the pouch, then using his teeth, he soon had it open. After eating, he needed a drink. He had seen his bowl was empty, so he went into the bathroom to Rachel’s bowl. It was annoying that it only had a small amount in such a large porcelain bowl, but it did smell of her. He just had to make sure he did not fall in. He returned to the bed for a short nap; he had been up a long time, almost an hour. Too long..
When El Gordo awoke, it was light outside. This was a surprise to him, she was not back yet, but why worry? The fridge was open, he had plenty of water, even though it was not in El Gordo's proper bowl, and he had a comfortable bed to sleep on. What else could a cat ask for? The following day, he ate the last pouch of food in the fridge and went back to bed. He needed his twenty-three hours sleep minimum every day. Face it - it was his favourite pastime; he was a cat, after all. He woke to crashes and bangs, things breaking. He did not know what was happening. It definitely wasn't Rachel; she was so quiet. El Gordo jumped off the bed and deposited himself underneath, out of the way. Then an enormous pair of heavy boots appeared in front of him, then a pair of hands, or fingers at least, grabbed hold of the bed and flipped it on its side. El Gordo decided it was probably best not to be there, so he scurried over to the dressing table, and made himself small and out of the way, in case the human with the big boots didn’t see him and trod on him. But no, he came over to the dressing table, pulled out the drawers, and emptied them on the floor. After the dressing table was done, he emptied some other drawers. He must have been enjoying himself. He did it to all the drawers in the bedroom, then he left. After about an hour, it all went quiet. El Gordo tip-toed out from under the dressing table to have a look. The place was a mess, even worse than when the old lady was there. He would have to have a rest before he did anything else. When he returns to the bedroom, the bed was up against the wall on its side; he had nowhere to sleep. He could not sleep in the living room; they had left the door wide open to that lift place. I hope they don’t expect me to close it, he thought.
After three days with no food, he was getting hungry, very hungry, but the food had all gone. Boots must have taken it. He went to the door and looked out, but as he guessed, Rachel wasn't there, so he went back in and had a sleep. He must have looked at that door ten times before he actually stepped into the hallway. There was another doorway, it was propped open. He went through it and was confronted with stairs. He looked for a long time before deciding to try them out, but hunger drove him on, he needed a human to feed him. There were several doors on the way down, but they were all closed until he got to the bottom, this door was open. He stepped out and looked around, it was quiet, no one there to feed him, what was he going to do? He was about to go back upstairs when this beautiful Siamese feline came in. He was smitten. She came over and told him there were few humans left likely to feed them, they would have to find their own food.
Tip-toing around the glass they left together.
Chapter Forty.
Bobby – Granny and the Fire.
Bobby had been left in bed when his grandfather left with his father to help with the car. It would not start, so they had gone in grandad's antique Land Rover, as his father called it. They were leaving today, or that's what he thought. But when they went to move the car last night, so they could load it ready for the morning, it would not start. The battery was flat. Grandfather never had a battery charger so they could not charge it, and anyway, grandfather had no electricity. It would have been very wasteful to put the generator on just to charge a battery, grandfather had told him. It took him a while to get used to no electricity, no phone, and no television, but he soon found other things to do. Granny played cards with him, showed him how to make things ready to cook, though he was not allowed to use the range cooker as he was told it was too hot for someone his age. Grandfather told him stories. He especially like the ones about his father when his father was his age, but thought it was unfair his father told him off for the same things father used to do.
Bobby got up, washed, dressed, then went downstairs. Granny was in the middle of making him his breakfast, she always made him far too much to eat. By the time he had finished eating breakfast, he thought he may pop, as he always felt he had to eat it all. It meant that he would not have to eat much all day, though. After his breakfast, he joined his grandmother in the garden. She wanted to pick some cabbages that had gone over. He and grandmother were going to feed them to the goats, along with the carrot tops, from the previous night’s dinner. They were going to feed the potato peelings and other bits from the night before, including anything which they hadn't eaten, to the pigs. Then he took the two carrots granny had given him and fed them to his gran's donkey. It had walked onto the smallholding one day, some years ago, as granny told it. Granddad had put up notices in the pub and shop to see if anyone claimed it, but nobody did, so granny claimed it.
Bobby finished feeding the pigs, then collected dandelion leaves for the biggest rabbits he had ever seen. Granny had gone back in to make pancakes for granddad and father when they get back. He went over to the henhouse, got a scoop of grain from the shed, went into the chicken pen and spread it for them to eat. He liked the chickens; they tried pecking his feet, but it did not hurt. He decided to have a look at the sheep in the field, with their lambs. The lambs had been born the week before they came up to see granny; he loved watching them, bounce around the field, as if they were on springs.
As Bobby turned to go back to the house, he could see smoke coming out the front door and the kitchen window. He ran back to the house and called.
“Granny, granny,” and then louder, “granny!”
But she did not answer. He went around to the back door, opened it, and looked in. Granny was lying on the floor. She was not moving. He did not know what to do. She was not far from the door, her feet nearest Bobby. He reached in and tried to pull her out by her feet, but she was too heavy. The flames were getting bigger. Bobby was now crying, and shouting, hoping granny would wake up, but she didn’t. The animals must have sensed something. They seem to be calling out, especially the donkey. He wished it would be quiet so he could think. Bobby could not stop crying. He did not want his granny to burn; he did not want her to die. He wished his dad was back. He wished he was bigger and stronger, but he knew he was wishing in vain. Bobby was going to have to move away from the door soon. The smoke was making him cough.
The donkey started again. He was just about to tell it to shut up, when he had an idea. He quickly retrieved a rope from the hook in the shed, tied it around granny’s legs, then the other end around the neck of the donkey, and started pulling the donkey. But the donkey was not moving, it just stood there. He smacked it hard on its rump, but the donkey just looked at him. He went over to the vegetable plot and pulled a carrot, then stuck it under the nose of the donkey. As the donkey went to bite it, Bobby moved it away, he had seen this on the cartoons he watched, the ones his dad said were a waste of time, the donkey followed, he repeated the process again and again till eventually granny was pulled clear, out of the house, and away from the smoke and fire, as flames came through the back door. He knelt beside her; he tried to wake her; he went and got water from the animal water trough in a bucket and splashed it on her face, but she did not move. He screamed at the top of his voice.
“Daddy, where are you?” Tears poured down his face.
Chapter Forty-One.
Bella – The Land Rover.
They had been paddling for more than an hour before reaching the outskirts of Rodley. They stopped paddling and took a short rest in the middle of the canal.
“This will be a two-mile stretch,” Bella explained, “we really need to do it without stopping. Don, go first, we can keep up, we do not want to get separated, keep your shotgun ready.”
They set off; they were almost through; they had only seen people being nosey, glaring at them as they passed.
“The bridge,” Don called out, “on the bridge.”
Up ahead of them on a small bridge were several people now watching them. Bella did not think they looked hostile; they had not made any moves that looked that way. Bella looked to her right and wondered why there were so many people on the bridge. On the right of the bridge was just a farm, made up of a large house, two cottages and loads of farm buildings. A vehicle appeared from the yard behind the buildings, and old Land Rover like her granddad’s, two in the cab and a further two stood in the back, hanging on, as the Land Rover sped towards the bridge. The people could see it coming. Hell, they could hear it coming, but they were only moving slowly. Bella thought the people would get run over, but they cleared in time. It was too late; they had no choice anymore, they had to go through. Brenda surprised everyone. She smiled and waved at the four men in the Land Rover as they closed on the bridge.  A big burly man with a full, black beard, and bushy hair to match, got out and leaned over the bridge, staring at them and saying nothing, a smile on his face.
Bella noticed as they started to go under the bridge someone passed something to the burly man as he made his way to the other side of the bridge. She could not see what it was, she was hampered by the bridge as they went under it. As they appeared on the other side, Bella instinctively looked up and behind her. The man was just leaning on the rail. As they got further away from the bridge, Bella saw him lifting his hand from his side. It had something in it, a pair of binoculars, that was all. As they paddled away, Bella was confused. What was he looking at? It worried her.
Once out of sight of any houses they pulled to the side of the canal for a break, it would be dark soon.
“I don’t think we should stop,” said Bella, “there was something about that man the spooked me out.”
“Don’t be silly Bella,” said Don, “he was just curious.”
“But did you see how he looked at the canoes?”
“He probably just wondered what we were doing in canoes on the canal.” Don said.
“Aren’t any of you freaked out over the way he looked at us, at the canoes, and he never said a word?”
Nobody answered. She was wasting her breath. After they ate, not speaking again about Bella’s concerns, Bella could not settle. She volunteered to take the first watch with Daz. He was sceptical about what she had said, this caused unspoken tension between them. She retrieved all her extra arrows from the kayak, along with two of Matt’s father’s bandanas of shotgun shells and his shotgun, Matt’s crossbow, and told them in no uncertain terms it was stupid leaving them in the canoes as she passed them over. Daz, to placate Bella, retrieved his extra arrows. His mother scowled at him with a look of disbelief. Bella made her way down to the last bend they had gone around so she could see further back towards Rodley. It was late, Bella contemplated returning for someone to take over, when a pheasant flew up to her right, not far away. Then she heard a low voice. It could not be ten feet away. She froze.
“Shut up you idiot, do you want to wake them before dad gets here? He will skin you alive.”
Then she heard a dull ticking sound getting louder. It must be a boat engine, she thought. She could not move without them seeing her in the bright moon. They had stopped now, somewhere in the shadows of the trees. The ticking sound had stopped, but she could hear small splashes in the water now. She had no idea what it was, but it was getting closer, too close. Then she saw a moving shadow. Someone was heading straight for her, and he had a gun. She carefully pulled her bow, took aim, and held it. When she saw him pointing at their camp, where everyone was asleep, that did it for her. They would not know what hit them. She let the arrow fly. It hit him in the shoulder; she saw that much as she broke cover and ran; the man dropped the gun, and it went off. It was a shotgun, an unmistakable sound. It rang out in the still of the night.
Chapter Forty-Two.
Alex – The learning curve.
Alex had been out before daybreak, he had tracked down some pheasant eggs, and had bagged a rabbit with his crossbow. He had gutted and skinned it, then managed to light the small stove inside the boat using some dry wood he had found in a built-in box near the back of the boat and found a skillet. Then woke Rachel up after frying some pieces of the rabbit and the four eggs. Giving her time to wake up, he presented her with a plate containing two rabbit legs and two eggs, then passed her a fork. She looked at it with a quizzical look, not sure exactly what it was, but she knew it was meat, not something she normally ate, but she was so hungry.
“Hot food, better not tell me what it is, until after I've eaten it,” she said.
He looked at her and was thinking of saying something, but decided against it, and tucked into his breakfast.
“We will be leaving soon,” he said.
“We’ll let it get light first,” she replied.
“It is. Did you sleep well?” he asked, not knowing what else to say.
“Like a baby.”
“You will have to learn how to steer the boat,” he said, then added, “when I have worked it out, that is.”
She shot him one of those looks he had seen before from a woman, but he did not know what it meant. So, he got up, went outside, and pulled up the anchors after having a good look around, then started the engine. It took him no time to get used to steering it, and they made good way. The canal boat was sign written with Bellamy Borden, Leeds, Any Cargo and Any Goods. With a black base, then green, red, and gold lettering. It was half living quarters and half open with a green heavy tarp over it; it had been empty until they filled it with the supplies from the truck. With an old Perkins engine, from the fifties, Alex surmised.
Rachel made herself busy tidying below. She had thrown a few things into the cargo area and retrieved a few things she wanted inside. Alex left her to it, concentrating on the canal, when Rachel suddenly appeared.
“You need to see this, look what I’ve found.”
Alex stopped the engine, waited for the boat to slow and stop, then dropped his makeshift anchor. In the cabin it looked and even smelt a lot better, everything was neat and tidy, he spotted it straight away - a woman’s touch. He had not seen a woman’s touch for a long time. The last time was his first landlady’s room at the boarding house he stayed at when doing his apprenticeship. She had made him tea and cakes one day, then made a pass at him. He soon found his flat where he had only his own company to worry about. Rachel opened one of the chests that made the base of a bed. She had planned to put the bedding away there. Laying there was an old, bolt action, 303 Enfield rifle, two shotguns, an old WWII Luger P0.08 pistol, with magazines to match the Luger and the rifle, along with box after box of ammunition. He was stunned.
“This guy, was he expecting a war or something?” Rachel asked.
“The last time these saw service was decades ago, apart from the pump-action shotgun,” he said. Then pointed at the shotgun.
Alex knew his guns from his uncle’s collection, and the many books his uncle had. He pulled out the magazine from the Luger and checked it. Removing the ammunition, he looked at it to check if it looked unsafe, though he did not really know what he was looking for, but the ammunition looked brand new. After refilling the clip, he checked the bore before replacing it.
“This old man knew how to look after them as well,” he said.
Alex showed Rachel all the features of the gun, which washed over her head. Then he removed the magazine again, made sure there was not one chambered, and passed it to Rachel. She instantly dropped it.
“Look, you need to know how to use this gun. It could save your life one day,” he insisted.
He picked up the gun, but this time he folded her fingers around the grip. She was not happy holding it. Alex persisted the point. Then showed her the safety, explaining how it worked and she could shoot no one with the safety on, how to cock it, how to load it and told her never to point it at anyone she did not want to shoot. He knew most of it fell on deaf ears, but resolved to try again later.
“I will never use a gun. I couldn’t shoot anyone,” she exclaimed.
Alex put the pistol in his jacket pocket along with two more clips, he felt a lot better with the pistol than he had with his crossbow, maybe he would teach her how to use that instead, she had no problem with it yesterday, when he was loading the boat, maybe that was the answer. He pulled the anchor, and they set off again.
Chapter Forty-Three.
Bella – Bullets Fly.
Bella came crashing into the camp. Everyone was awake by now. Don looked at his shotgun to see if it had gone off, or maybe Bella had taken it and used it. It was still there, leaning against the tree where he had been sleeping. Everyone looked dazed.
“They are coming,” said Bella. “There are two in the trees back there, and a boat is coming up the canal. We need to take cover, be ready for them.
They all looked at each other. It was real. It had not been a dream. Don looks stunned, Brenda and Sandra look worried and took cover behind a fallen tree.
“What about the canoes?” Matt asked.
“Too late for that,” Bella replied.
“Sorry Bella, I should have listened to you,” Don uttered.
“I will never dismiss what you say, ever again,” said Daz.
“Shut up everybody, get down,” Bella said with a growl.
They could hear the boat now. It was getting closer, pulling up in front of them. Bella could see the man she had shot in the shoulder with an arrow. The arrow was still in there. He was half crouched in the cargo area of the canal boat, along with two others. At the back was the burly man with the black scruffy beard that they had seen earlier.
“All we want is the canoes and what's in them. If you give them to us, we will let you walk away. If you don't, we will take them,” he shouted.
He had his leg up on the side of the boat with a shotgun butt leaning on his knee. Bella was pissed off now.
“You are not getting anything. Go away before we make you regret coming all this way,” she said.
The man laughed.
“How are you going to stop me from taking them, with that silly little bow and arrow of yours?” he scoffed.
Bella grabbed Don's shotgun before he knew what had happened, aimed it at the man, and pulled the trigger. Not knowing how to fire a shotgun and had never shot one before, she was unpleasantly surprised to feel the pain in her shoulder from the recoil, suddenly aware of a burning pain in her shoulder, dropped the shotgun. Don reached over and snatched it back. The burly man on the boat dived for cover into the hatchway. They suddenly heard gunfire coming from the cargo area off the boat. This took them by surprise. Daz, who had worked his way back into the trees, made his way behind them. When someone put their head up to take a shot suddenly, Daz skewered him through the neck with an arrow. He knew it would have killed him, he would have been dead before he had hit the ground and Daz knew it, it made him feel sick inside. Then there was a volley of gunfire, but it wasn't being shot at them. Bella assumed they were shooting at the canoes or Daz further down the canal. She was not sure. Bella composed herself. She picked up her bow, and crawled backwards slowly, into the trees behind her, and made her way in the opposite direction to Daz. Don was useless. He was doing nothing; he was not even firing into the air to scare them. What's the point of him having the shotgun?
Bella’s shoulder burned with pain every time she fired an arrow. She was running short of arrows now. Then it would not matter. She would have to make every arrow pay. The boat was slowly drifting towards Bella, up the canal. There was sporadic gunfire every now and again, but as nobody was shooting back at them, they started getting brave. One stood up to get a shot at the camp. Both Bella and Daz put arrows in his chest at the same time. Then another one popped up, shouting something, but he was intelligible, obviously furious that someone had just shot his mate, or maybe his brother. Bella got him in the eye, along with Matt, one to the chest. Maybe Matt was awake. Pity his father wasn't, she thought. The one with the arrow in his shoulder stood up, showing himself, with a gun in his hand. Before Bella could get off a shot, Matt shot him in the chest. Bella suddenly regained her respect for Matt. She thought he had no backbone, but he obviously has. The only one left was the burly man, but Bella had not seen him since he dived for cover through the hatch. Daz appeared from her left saying quietly,
“Don't shoot me, it's Daz.”
Bella was worried the burly man had not been seen. She thought about it for a while.
“Ahoy, the boat, have you had enough? Give up, throw your gun out, do it now,” shouted Bella.
But there was no reply.
“Ahoy the boat, throw your gun out, now,” shouted Bella.
Still no reply. They did not know what to do next, when they heard it, Brenda crying, Sandra shouting something. They carefully made their way back to the camp where they found Sandra trying to stop the bleeding from Don’s chest. Matt was trying to talk to him, but Don was non-responsive. Sandra looked at them and shook her head. He was dead. Bella felt tears welling up in her eyes. She felt responsible somehow, but she had no idea how she would have done things differently, or how she would have saved Don from getting shot. It cut her up inside.
As it got light, there was still no movement from the boat. Daz decided he was going to wade across, while Bella covered him from a tall oak tree on the bank. He would climb into the cargo area and check for life. Then he would make his way in through from the cargo area to the back of the boat, carefully, and see if the burly man was still there. He would take the shotgun as it was easier to use in that situation, plus they had very few arrows left between them. Bella climbed the tree. She could see right into the cargo area. There were three people laying still on the floor. They all looked dead. She could not quite see into the entrance where the burly man went for cover, neither could she see any movement there. She signalled Daz, and he made his way into the water. He swam across and climbed into the cargo area, then put his thumb up, indicating they were all dead. He then made his way along the edge of the boat and then carefully on to the top of the cabin, peered in through the sliding hatch, then sat up, slid off, and went into the cabin. Re-emerging a few moments later, he put his thumb up.
Daz retrieve the pole from on top of the cabin and pushed the canal boat over to the bank. Bella joined him and they went in search of a shovel or spade. In the cargo area, they found what they were looking for, returning to their camp, where Sandra was consoling Matt. After a short while, not knowing what to say, Daz and Bella went and found a grassy area, just the other side of the trees, and dug a grave. It was not until they returned to the canal bank; they noticed the canoes had been peppered with holes, along with one of the kayaks, which had sunk. As there was no way of Matt being ready to bury his father just yet, they dragged the bodies off the boat, and dump them in the woods. Then, taking a mop they found in the cabin and using the canal water, they wash down the blood. They then collected up all the guns and extra ammunition and stored them in one of the box seats in the cabin. All this time, they hardly spoke, until Bella broke the silence.
“We will have to take this boat the rest of the way. There is no other choice. We need to get everything off the canoes, and onto the boat and stored away. What do you think Daz?” She asked.
“You were thinking exactly the same as me. I will get back into the water and see what I can retrieve from the sunken kayak, then we will unload the rest. If you stay here, I will pass everything to you,” he said.
Chapter Forty-Four.
Bury the Dead.
Bella and Daz were just finishing loading the last few bits, when Sandra came and joined them. They sat inside the cabin to talk, it looked like Sandra had a lot on her mind.
“I think Matt is ready to bury his father now, but before we do, we need to know where we go from here. I'm not that sure if we are doing the right thing, it’s going to take a lot out of Matt to go on without his father, he's going to need a lot of support.”
“But mother, where do we go if we don't go to Bella’s grandparents' place? Are you thinking about going back to Leeds, after what we have seen of what people will do to each other to survive? We tried to avoid conflict. Bella even warned us that we should have kept going after Rodley. We should have gone further up the canal. Yes, if for nothing other than because she was worried about that guy and the way he looked at us. I think we are going to have to listen to her a lot more. She's certainly more intuitive than any of the rest of us, and certainly more prepared.”
“You killed people. How are you not affected by that?” Sandra asked.
“Of course we are,” said Bella. “We did not want this to happen. I would much rather have avoided it altogether, but what were we meant to do? They had guns. If we'd given into them, if they had taken our food and our transport, we would have died of starvation. It would be better if they just shot us rather than dying that way. This new world we live in, is not the one we grew up in, this is the one that the week will fall to those who are strong enough to take it, for some that means by force. Even government organisation, their think tanks now, or at least before the fall of the power, have said that in a situation like this, ninety-five percent of the modern world population will die. Hell, the US government even published the data on a website. It’s alright for them. They are in their nuclear, EMP hardened bunkers, hidden away, with their rich backers and their political friends, enough food and water for many years. Not us plebs, we are left to fend for ourselves, we have no choice, we have to defend ourselves or die.”
“It was not just the men you killed. Matt’s father is dead.”
“And you think I don’t know that? You don’t think I would have done anything to prevent that? But if he would have listened to me…” Bella started, then hesitated, “I warned you there's something up with that guy on the bridge, he just did not look right, you should have all taken my warning or even considered it, rather than treating me like a kid. Even if we'd rested and then moved on afterwards, they may have never caught up with us,” retorted Bella.
“You had to look at it from our side. We knew you were in a hurry to get to your grandparents and see your father. We had to take this into consideration when we decided to stop for the night,” said Sandra.
“I am not just an emotional kid. I may be only thirteen years old, but sometimes I think I have more sense than the rest of you put together.”
Bella stormed out. She went up to the deck, climbed off the boat, and walked into the woods, leaving Daz and his mother staring at each other.
“You know she's right, don't you, mother?”
“Probably about some things, but not everything. Daz answer me honestly, do you still want to go on to her grandparents' place?” Sandra asked.
“Yes, with no doubt in my mind, there is no way I am going back to Leeds, and where else are we meant to go? There is no government out there coming to the rescue, helping us, giving us handouts. Everything has fallen to pieces now. One thing I do know, it is definitely lawless out there now, and it is going to get worse.” Daz protested.
After burying Don, they all sat around the stove in an uneasy silence. Brenda had put a saucepan on the gas stove, using the last of their gas to make some tea in a saucepan. While Bella went on to the boat, after collecting up all the arrows she could find, including one she removed from the body of the man she shot in the shoulder. The silence was broken when Matt spotted Bella getting off of the boat. He got up abruptly, ran over towards her. Everyone looked worried. Sandra thought he may hit her. He didn't. He slung his arms round her.
“It was not your fault,” he said, “you were right, if only we had listened to you. If only I had listened to you, my father would still be alive,” he said.
Bella burst into tears and hugged him back.
“I'm so sorry. I liked your father. He was like a second father to me. He always had my wellbeing at heart. He should not have died that way. I am so sorry, I am so sorry, I wish I could change things for you.”
They just stood there, hugging and crying together, supporting each other for quite a while. The other three, Sandra, Brenda and Daz, just looked on, but then we are not sure whether to look, or look away. They looked away, as Brenda passed out the cups of tea, all of them with tears in their eyes.
Chapter Forty-Five.
They Journey On.
After loading everything onto the boat, they met in the cabin. Matt had told them that Bella had something to say before they left.
“We have a long way to go. Matt and Daz think they have worked out how the canal boat works. There are several cans of diesel, so I do not expect to run out of fuel. Our biggest problem is we have got Bradford coming up. This will be the last large town before we get into the countryside, where it will be a lot safer. We have to stop looking like sheep or pray. We have to look tough as we go through Bradford. I would like- no, I need everyone to be holding a weapon of some sort, and hopefully this will work as a deterrent. I think it will. From what we have seen, people are picking on the weak. We’re not going to look weak. Furthermore, we cannot make ourselves vulnerable by stopping anywhere once we get started. Daz and Matt are certain they can learn how to steer this boat before we get to Bradford, we have to do this.”
They all looked at each other. This thirteen-year-old slip of a girl, who would not have said boo to a goose a week ago, had now taken over. Both Daz and Matt smiled with pride at her, while Brenda and Sandra looked on sceptically, though in their hearts, they probably knew, she was actually much stronger than any of them, and agreed to her proposal.
Both Daz and Matt had bounced off the banks a few times, decided Matt was better at steering than Daz. So, while Matt stayed at the back steering, Daz went to the front and sat with a shotgun draped across his knee, and his bow and arrows down beside him. Matt had his father’s shotgun on the roof of the cabin in front of him, alongside his crossbow. They both sported a belt of shotgun shells across their chests. While the two girls sat on chairs inside the cargo area, with the canvas partially pulled back, rifles on their laps. They were ready for Bradford
The canal boat, painted from head to toe in matte black paint, did look a little menacing. As they entered the outskirts of Bradford, there were several people watching them. The nearer to the centre they got, they notice there were also other canal boats moving around. None seem to be hassled by anyone. They kept up their persona as they passed through, but to their absolute surprise, they were not hassled or threatened by anybody. Even though they had had to go a lot slower than they would have liked, they still exited the last of Bradford suburbs, long before dark. They had got a lot of concerned looks on the way through, but Bella was right. They looked strong. They did not look like the sheep. No one gave them any grief. After travelling a further few miles away from the last signs of civilization, they stopped. Using the anchors fitted to the boat, they moored in a wide area in the centre of the canal, with clear fields on both sides of them so they could see anyone approaching.
There was plenty of dry wood stored on the boat, so Daz lit the small stove, retrieved some bottles of water from one of the packs of extra water, and started boiling a large saucepan with rice. Sandra and Brenda came through. Brenda found some dried vegetables that they could stir in. This would be the most substantial meal they would have had since leaving Leeds. Bella sat on the roof of the cabin on guard alongside Matt, who was facing in the other direction, talking quietly as Daz came out.
“There will be something to eat shortly. It is only rice and vegetables, but it already looks and smells good. My mother is an excellent cook,” he said.
“I am starving but I will eat mine out here.” Matt said.
“Me too,” Bella added.
After they had eaten, they set off again. Bella was determined, they were going to get a lot further yet along the canal before they finally stopped. After travelling well into dark, they pulled up for the night a few miles from Skipton. They took turns during the night keeping watch, first Daz and his mother, and then Bella and Matt through to the morning. They had left Brenda out of the equation, as she was not happy holding any form of weapon.
After a hearty breakfast of pastor, a selection of chocolate and energy bars, and biscuits with peanut butter on them, they set off again. They decided to follow the same plan as they had going through Bradford when they pass through Skipton. It worked. They had no problems at all. In fact, on one of the bridges, they even got cheers. They finally stopped just outside Gargrave. This would be where they would have to start to walk the rest of the way, but it was only ten miles.
Chapter Forty-Six.
Alex – They Pushed on through the Day.
Alex studied the maps that Rachel had found in the cabin of the canal as he made his way towards Bradford. He was not looking forward to going through Bradford, or any of the other built-up areas on the way, but he had no choice. He worked out it was only thirty miles, they could do it none stop if they went through the day. Then they would stop in a safe place for some sleep and food, before they get off the canal in a rural area, then follow the A65 north. Any further than that, they would be heading into Liverpool. It worked out it would have been a lot shorter route walking, but he wanted to delay that as long as possible for Rachel’s sake. Alex was hoping that on A65, he would find a working vehicle that they could use. He envisaged this far north on the A65 there would be less traffic, hence less blocked lanes, and he would hope to get through.
They stopped just outside Bradford, at what was called, a water treatment plant, according to the map, which was not what it smelt like though. It stank. Alex went into the cabin, and after a lot of cajoling, convinced Rachel to just hold a shotgun, an empty shotgun, through one of the portals. He then propped up the rifle so the barrel it poked out of the canvas slightly, in the cargo area. He took the pump-action shotgun, and propped it against the cabin doorway, and put his crossbow on the cabin roof. They set off again. He was not going to stop now until he was into the countryside, well the other side of Skipton, insight of the A65 main road. As he was entering Bradford, a canal boat came out heading towards him. He picked up the shotgun and resting it against his leg; it did not look aggressive, but it was easy to grab hold of. As they passed each other, the guy and woman in the other canal boat, waved as if it was just a sunny day, and they were out for a day trip. This surprised Alex, which was the last thing he expected. Without thinking, he waved back, and went on past.
Bradford was an anti-climax, they managed to pass through with no major problems. a few people tried to get them to stop for a conversation, wanting to know what Leeds was like now, but they did not stop, just shouting back, not the place you'd like to live now, it's more like the Wild West. Several miles past Bradford, well into the countryside, thinking they were safe now, Rachel past Alex up a cup of tea, he was about to drink it when he noted several men on the footpath ahead of him.
“Take this and get back inside. Get hold of that shotgun again and point it out the window. Do it now,” he shouted, as he picked up his shotgun.
As they got closer to the men, he noticed something, they were all carrying something in their hands, it looked like baseball bats of all things, and one definitely had a pitchfork. He manoeuvred over to the far bank, as far as he could, but still being safe from hitting it, he did not want to stop, when one of them shouted out.
“That's not very friendly, why don't you come over and talk to us, we will not hurt you, we just need a lift into Skipton,” a large Afro Caribbean man said.
“We are not stopping,” Alex shouted back, “not for anyone.”
“As he said, that's not very friendly of you, is it?” a skinny white guy in his teens said.
“In the last few days, I have found very few people to be friendly, most want to steal everything I have,” Alex said, as he picked up the shotgun so that they could see it.
“Wow, man, are you going to shoot me now?” the large Afro Caribbean man said, gesturing submission by holding his hands up.
“I may not unless you push the point,” Alex said, then pointed along to where Rachel was holding the shotgun out of the window, “but he might, he's a bit of a psycho.”
Rachel must have heard him, because with that statement, she levelled the barrel at him and pushed it out further.
“We get the message. We are going. Have a good day,” the man said, with a sarcastic voice
The group of men made their way down the footpath away from them in the opposite direction. Alex turned the boat, making his way back into the centre of the canal again. All the more determined not to stop now, Alex pushed on as fast as the canal boat would go. They passed a few more canal boats coming in the opposite direction, but no one else until they got to Skipton.
As they entered Skipton's outskirts, alongside a large industrial estate, they were bombarded with stones from a group of youths. Alex levelled his shotgun at them, but this did not deter them. One even flipped Alex the birdie. They pass through the rest of Skipton with no actual problems, a few people calling out, can you give us a lift, and things like that, but that was all, nothing aggressive. They were soon out the other side, into a more rural area, where they finally felt a lot safer, and stopped for a brief break, mooring in the middle of the canal.
Alex called to Rachel, and she came up on deck.
“Can you sit up there,” pointing at the cabin roof before continuing, “while I go into the living area and cargo areas to work out what we can carry. Just a few miles up here, we will be leaving the canal. We will be walking, so I have to work out what I can carry and work out the most important things that we should take with us. Is that okay?” he asked.
“Yes, but I'm not holding that gun out here,” she insisted.
“No, just keep an eye out. Tell me if you see anyone, and I mean anyone, moving towards us,” he said.
“I will,” she replied.
Alex did not like the idea of leaving any of the weapons behind, but he could not carry them all. He would take the pistol, the pump-action shotgun with a short barrel, and his crossbow along with this much ammunition he could safely carry in his bag, which would have to do, food with more important, water was more important, dry clothes would also be important. He packed his rucksack and an old sports bag, cramming in as much shotgun ammunition and all the ammunition for the luger, then closed the lid to the box, where Rachel had found it all. He knew Rachel would not carry a gun of any kind. He then packed a small rucksack he found with enough food and water, which was not too heavy for her, and Rachel could carry without too much difficulty. He hoped she was strong enough and she could carry it for several hours every day, without too much difficulty. Scotland was still a long way away.
Alex went back up on deck, pulled up the anchor, started the engine and set off again. It was sunny now, and Rachel decided she was going to stay where she was. The countryside was beautiful, Alex thought as they made their way round the winding canal. He wondered why they could not have made it in a straight line. It would have saved miles from that journey. Suddenly, around a long sweeping bend, Rachel spotted something. There was another canal boat tied up on the right-hand bank, with people milling around it. At least one of them was armed with a shotgun. It was too late to stop, and it was not as if they could turn off anywhere. They would have to go straight past, and hope these people were not hostile. Alex leaned the shotgun against his leg so it could be seen, but did not look threatening, then put his hand in his pocket onto the Lugar. Rachel could do nothing. She was in the centre of the roof, and totally unarmed. It would have looked too conspicuous if she had made her way back into the cabin, so she just sat and smiled as they came up to the canal boat and started going past it.
“Stop,” Rachel shouted to Alex, “that's my friend Brenda, I thought she was dead. Brenda! Brenda, do you hear me? It's Rachel,” she shouted as loud as she could.
Brenda looked up, startled, a look of recognition flashing over her face along with relief and surprise. Emotions flooded over them both as everyone looked on with bemusement.
Chapter Forty-Seven.
Reunion.
Alex laid the shotgun on the roof of the living area, and steered into the bank, as if he had a choice. Before they'd even reached the bank, Rachel had jumped off, and met Brenda heading towards her. They flung their arms around each other both talking at once.
Rachel climbed on the other boat with Brenda and vanished into the cabin. Alex offered his hand to Sandra and shook it assuming she was in charge.
“Hello, my name is Alex,” he said.
“I am Sandra, this is Bella, Matt, and Daz. Pleased to meet you. Shall we go in?”
Everyone sat in silence, listening to Brenda telling her story to Rachel, then Rachel telling her story to Brenda, which enlightened them all. Eventually, Sandra stoked the fire back into life and made them all a drink, while Brenda and Rachel chatted away quietly.
“Where were you headed?” Daz asked Alex.
“Scotland, my uncle has a Croft on an island just north of Glasgow, I was heading there before I met Rachel, she was going to come with me, but I guess she will be staying with Brenda now, I will go on alone.”
“My grandparents’ house is a smallholding about ten miles from here,” said Bella. “We are heading there now. You can stay there and rest up for a while before you set off again if you wish.”
“Just for the one night, if that's okay?” Alex replied.
Bella suggested that anything they could not carry now, they could hide along with the canoe in the trees. The canoe could be used to keep anything dry by putting it inside, before turning it over. They could then come back and collect it in a couple of days. They finished packing everything they could possibly carry, then Daz, Matt, and Alex carried the remainder to a safe place they found in the trees, putting the rifles in the canoe before they covered it all up with branches and leaves. They split the remaining ammunition amongst themselves, as Bella thought, if the guns were found before they got back, having ammunition left with them would not be a good idea. It could even be used against them in the future, Bella thought.
Bella took out the map she had printed off at Matt’s, from her rucksack along with the compass. She sat on the edge of the boat and worked out the best way to get to her grandparents’ smallholding. They settled on taking the bridge lane to the end before trekking across country Northeast and on to the Pennine way. They would continue north for the last mile until they reached her grandparents’ place on the edge of the Yorkshire Dales. When the boys returned, she showed them the map and route she thought would be the easiest, and best way of keeping away from people. They agreed and started to get their gear together. Bella had her rucksack, her bow and a hunting rifle they acquired from the men that attacked them. Sandra carried Bella’s father’s rucksack and one of the shotguns. Matt had his rucksack, crossbow, and his father’s shotgun. Daz had his rucksack, bow, and also had a shotgun. Alex was carrying the most, with his much larger rucksack, crossbow, shotgun, and a sports bag. Brenda and Rachel both had smaller rucksacks and a bag each, as they set off. It was a lot more than they needed for the short journey to Bella's grandparents, but Bella figured it was a lot less for them to pick up in a few days’ time, if they took as much as possible now, also if for any reason they got diverted, though nobody could figure out why, they would have plenty of provisions.
They were soon at the end of bridge lane, getting through the hedge into the field was a different matter. Alex had been up and down the road, and there was no gate, so they literally had to find the thinnest part of the hedge, and break their way through, Bella had not envisaged this, it did not really go down well with the others, but they rolled with it. They soon found their way across the next few fields with no problem, stopping in a wooded area for a break, before stepping onto the Pennine way a little way further on. The Pennine way was a lot easier, though they did have a few places where the ground was uneven, but they still made good time. Best of all, they came across nobody on their way. They had to follow the river for a short way to avoid some houses that they did not want to go too close to. Then join the Pennine way a mile further up. Following the river with a lot harder on their feet, Rachel and Brenda found it very hard going and everyone had to stop for them every now and again.
“City girls,” Alex commented to Daz, “they are too used to their high heels and catching the bus, they have probably never seen the countryside, never mind walk any distance in it.”
Eventually they reached the river Aire, barely a trickle now.
Bella said. “This is where we turn off, I know my way from here, I have walk down here many, many, times with my granddad. Not far now, just over that hill,” pointing at a hill about half a mile away. “We’d better stop for a rest first, everyone is tired,” she said, pointing back at Rachel and Brenda.
Bella was tired as well, but she was not going to admit it after hearing the comment Alex made. They all sat down and took out their water bottles from their rucksacks, drinking them as they caught their breath. Bella knew the hill did not look that big, but she knew Rachel, and especially Brenda, would need the rest before going up it. After Sandra had checked Brenda's feet, wrapped them in a bandage, and then gave her a clean pair of dry socks to put on, Bella watched Brenda put her boot back on.
“Not far now,” Bella said, “we better get going, we don't want to be up here in the dark. When the fog rolls in, it gets very cold, and fog soaks you down to your bones.”
Bella being very eager to see if her father was still there, lead the way, when she got to the top of the hill, she saw it - the house, the roof, it had caught fire, she could not see anyone. The place was completely dark.
