


Beveled Hearts

P.D. Stargazer


Copyright © 2020 P.D. Stargazer
All rights reserved.

Contents
Part I: THE PAINTED HORSE
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Part II: SIT AND TELL ME EVERYTHING
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Part III: NO! THIS IS MY HOUSE
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Part IV: THAT’S NOT ALL YOU ARE
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Chapter 70
Enchanted Kings and Kingdoms Book 6

Part I

THE PAINTED HORSE

1
Dora came out of the cottage door giggling and covering her eyes. Glen, her older brother, towered tall close behind. It was a lovely spring morning, with a bright blue sky and a few scattered white clouds. Between the sun and the latest rain, the grasses and wildflowers were bursting with color as far as you could see.
Princess Gabriella was on her toes bouncing with excitement. “Okay, you can open your eyes now.” Dora screeched at the sight of a beautifully painted young horse. The pastel colored hearts and flowers made it look as if it had stepped out of a fairy tale. Speaking of its tail and mane, they were braided with blue ribbons and yarrow of a variety of colors.
Dora ran circles around it praising its beauty and every little painted heart. “Where did you find the time to do such a thing. There will be no greater wedding gift presented than this one.”
As the young ladies tittered details, Glen reminded them that there was plenty of time to talk on the way to the orphanage, where the celebration was to be held. But even he had to admit what a fine horse it was. “Indeed, it is fine,” he straightened his hat and put it on. “They will be very happy to get it and we better get moving, I don’t want to be late. The tables will be full of food. I can see it now, he looked up at the sky and fluttered his eyelids, and inhaled deeply. Oh, the cakes, the cakes, just soaked in fresh cream and honey. Hmmm
“Stop, not another word.” Dora pulled hairpins from her pocket and crowned her head with her thick braid. Then took a yellow yarrow from the horse’s mane and stuck it above her ear. “My belly has been grumbling all morning in anticipation.” She caught a wink from Gabriella who okayed her look, and the three sat off for the festivities.
Dora bit her lip and rolled her eyes, “I wonder if Mona’s mother made that butter cheese bread again. If so, I’m going to steal a loaf and stick it in my skirt to eat on my long way home.”
Speaking of skirts,” Dora looked her up and down. “where did you find that old thing. I don’t even think I own anything that drab.” She giggled.
“I want to go and see but not be seen, you know what I mean.” She smiled, confident that her disguise would work. Dora snickered, knowing it would take more than dull clothing to hide the attractive girl.
Glen led their horses down the road with the gift trailing behind.

2
When a quake collapsed a portion of the old orphanage, TowHum gold helped them purchase a somewhat weathered estate. In time and with some hard work and a lot of care, it had become the center of a large village.
The delectable fragrance of food floated in the air far before the three hungry ones arrived. The double doors opened to a huge courtyard packed with well wishers and wedding festivities were in full swing. Bore and fowl roasted, and ladies carried trays of food to tables full of fruit, cakes, pies, breads, and lots to drink. Music blared as children ran wild and card games were full of laughter.
The three were greeted with oohs and awes as they entered with the most wonderful gift trailing behind. Drawing a little too much attention, Gabriella backed away to a familiar voice calling her. Cathleen’s wave soon caught Gabriella’s eyes. Her hair was braided on top of her head, and when the sun hit it, it looked like bright copper, entangled, were flowers and weeds. Like young children, the excitement ignited their hearts and caused their feet to skip. With a scream they embraced with yelps of joy.
Cathleen grabbed Gabriella’s hand. “Oh, Gabby, I’m so glad you made it, I almost didn’t recognize you.” She studied her drab clothing, “But I suppose you wouldn’t want to out dress the bride.”
“No, I’m not like my sister.” Gabby snickered.
“I heard about James and the spot thing. I wasn’t sure you would be here, what about your mother or,” she raised her eyebrows, “your grandmother the Queen?”
“That’s what I was thinking. They would keep me from coming. So, I made sure they couldn’t find me to dish out the punishment. I wrote notes telling my whereabouts, and Mitts is going to shuffle them around every few hours.” She tilted her head and rolled her eyes. “Now I will go home and receive one punishment for the two crimes, not one for the dots and,” she shook her head, “and another for coming here without permission.”
Concerned, Cathleen replied, “Well how long will you stay before they come looking for you?”
“I’m leaving right now.” Gabby answered sadly.
“What? Cathleen gasp. “You just got here! How can you leave?” She waved her hand toward the festive crowd. “With all this food, dancing and lots of this stuff called dull wine. It almost tastes like the real thing.” She snickered.
“I know,” Gabby twisted her lip. “but if I hurry and get back by tomorrow, no one may even notice I was missing.”
Cathleen, dropped her head, “I understand. I wish I hadn’t been band, or maybe I would go with you. I could be arrested, but I never had so much fun in my life. I guess the exploding powder thing was a bit too much. Oh, if they only knew you were here with me…”
“Yes, I’m still not considered human yet.”
“And my behind is still stinging.” Cathleen led Gabby through the crowd, “So, tell me about James, he’s such a fly.”
Well, my father had us cleaning in my grandfather’s library, our so called ethics teachings.” She snickered, “You should see the place. It’s not like the one here, it’s much, much bigger. Well, lazy as he is, he fell asleep, and I polka dotted him. I didn’t think it would stain but it did, and for a week now.” They laughed loudly.
“Please tell me the spots are blue.”
“No, better, they’re green.”
An eye to eye threw them into hysterics, calming just a little when they attracted a bit too much attention. Almost in tears, Cathleen confessed, “I’m so happy you’re here. It’s only a few moments and I feel so alive. I didn’t think my teeth would ever be exposed in a smile again.” She takes Gabby’s hand. “Oh! You have to see this merchant’s son, Sunny. Oh, Sunny my heart is screaming. Whatever you do, you have to see him before you leave. And guess who else is here? Come, let me see if we can find them.
They twitchingly glanced around, then like frightened small night animals, scampered up a flight of stairs to a balcony where they could get a better look at the crowd below.
“There he is.” She bounced and pointed at three young men standing together just below.
“Which one?” Gabby asked.
“The one with the blue hat,” she bit her lip.
Gabby dropped her mouth in aww. “Oh, what a sweetheart that one is. So, have you done anything rotten to him yet?” she snickered.
“Not yet.” Cathleen, wrinkled her nose with a smirk. “I was waiting for you.” They pass a devilish eye and crouched down to eavesdrop.
The one in a brown hat, murmured, “Well thank the heavens for the lovely ladies because this fake wine is sickening.”
The black hat replied, “Humm they should have waited so we could celebrate the wedding and Feast of no Wine at the same time.” Blue hat nodded.
But Sunny in the blue hat, added, “I think that's exactly why they had it today. This way we get two celebrations. By the way, did you see the land he purchased?”
Brown hat answered, “No, I’m surprised he found any land worth having.”
“Well it’s not around here,” added the black hat, “That Prince Alexious is buying all the grazing land in these parts. Soon the TowHummy will be feeding the orphanage and the rest of us as well, if it keeps up.”
“What’s he doing with it?” Sunny sipped his diluted wine.
“Not sure yet.” Brown hat answered, “It just sits there, but I heard my father say, when the next ship docks, there will be hell to pay.”
“Buying farm land and a ship docking?” Sunny frowned, “How do you put the two together?”
Brown hat took a deep sigh and shook his head. “You got me,” He watched a lovely lady with a tray of fruit, “but I don’t have time to wonder with all the beauties running around here.”
Gabby grabbed a small flower from the garland on Cathleen’s head. “Now! Now’s the perfect time.” Cathleen took the flower and gently dropped it in the midst of the three men and stepped back on the landing as the young men looked up to see where it might have come from. The ladies slipped into the building to snicker.
After catching her breath, Gabby professed, “Okay I really have to leave. I hate going but…” She glanced out the door, gave a sigh and check the sun. “I really must. I have no idea how severe my punishment will be. They already hate me.”
With arched brows, Cathleen tried to make light of Gabby’s situation. “Maybe they’ll exile you here.”
It worked; Gabby took her friend by the hands and with a sincere smile, she replied, “We can only dream.”
The moment was sharply interrupted. “Princess Gabriella! What in the world are you doing here?” The ladies turned to find Roda, a TowHum palace handmaid that knew she was not supposed to be there. Like she was a child, she pulled her to the side and whispered, “You know better than to be out here. Someone could see, you know what. You need to leave right this moment, or I will be forced to lock you up for the night. It’s for your own good.”
Gabby pulled away, “I was just leaving when you stopped me.”
“Well don’t let me hold you up any longer.” Roda scolded gently.
Gabby turned to the door but quickly turned back, “You're not going to send a bird are you?” There was dread in her voice.
Roda raised her brows like a mother, “Not if you leave this moment.”
Relaxed, she replied, “Aww,” she gasps, “Okay I’m gone already. Remember, you never saw me.” Quickly down the stairs and winding her way through the crowd, Gabby saw a young man take notice of her. It was Gray, he waved and she put her head down but it was too late.
“Is that him?” Gabby asked.
“Yes, it is the Cod Prince Gray.” Cathleen assured. “He’s coming this way and will block us. He wants you.”
Oh no, I can’t stay another moment. He’ll try to make me, I know it. What’s he doing here anyway?”
Maybe hoping to see you. Honestly, I don’t know how you can walk away. He sails the seas, brings back treasure and protects the shoreline. You know you love talking to him. Really! I’ll bet he has some new wonderful stories. You like to read those kinds of books and look at the pictures. He’s the real thing.” She glanced in his direction again, “How I’d love to run my fingers through that thick flock of curls on top of his head.”
“I do enjoy talking to him.” Gabby’s heart skipped. Gray, he should be called some other color. Well I certainly can’t talk to him today. Will you can keep an eye on him for me?” Cathleen glanced at him again with a devilish smile.
Gabby picked up her pace but was stopped by a pair of polished black boots and when she looked up, he stood confident, with his shirt loose at the neck. She was reminded of just how handsome he was with such broad shoulders for a man his age.
He shook his head with a tisk, “Leaving without a word? Did you think you could escape me with that getup?” He looked her over with a smirky smile. “I noticed you as the most beautiful, worst dressed one here.”
She snickered, as a few sweat beads grew on her forehead. “The sun is too high and I have to go.” She pushed passed him, making sure to brush by. The two best friends hugged with sorrowful faces. Gabby turned to mount her horse and glanced back to find Gray still there. He looked at her like a piece of luscious fruit. She scanned his lips and had a flash back that made her eyes travel the ground.
She grabbed her horse reins but he had a hold of them. When she turned to confront him, he had cornered her between the horse. His face had a soft sincere and gentle smile. She had a nerves giggle, “I must go, and right now.”
“Shame on TowHummy,” His eyes wandered, “to not have even a moment for a Cod Prince.”
“I’m sorry, but I was only here for a moment.” She smiled and put her hand out for him to help her onto her horse.
An anxious voice screamed out for Cathleen, making her jump like a frightened rabbit. “Oh, I have to go, write me often.”
“They may lock me in my room for months.” Gabby replied, “I’ll have plenty of time.” Cathleen dashed into the crowd.
The prince walked Gabby and her horse out the gates where they were alone. “I just came back from Soretantia,” he spouted, wondering why she kept glancing at the sun. “I brought back a gift for you?”
“Oh, thank you,” He barely got her attention, “You should come and visit. I’m sure even my brothers would love to hear your stories.”
“I except the invitation. Now, is it true that TowHummy cannot live without their own water? And that some of the food you eat and water you drink is poison?”
“No,” She laughed loudly, “That’s only half true. We can live without it. But we live better with it. And yes, our food isn't for everyone. But there are lots of Outlanders visiting all the time. Don’t worry we won’t poison you.”
He stopped her horse and seriously looked in her lovely green eyes, that reminded him of a cat in the dark. “You're such a strange people. I hear such strange stories. Believe me beautiful one, you are as interesting to me as my stories are to you. So, let’s play a game you tell me about life in TowHummy and I’ll tell you about the rest of the world, deal?”
She glanced at the sun again. “What would you want to know?”
“I would want to know if I could steal another kiss.”
Gabby gasps, “No! You promised you'd forget that ever happened.”
“I know and I’m probably the only one in my family, or kingdom, or in the whole outer world for that matter, that has ever stolen a kiss from a TowHummy princess, and lives not, to tell about it. May I please escort you home?”
“No thanks,” she snickered and glanced at the sun that surely demanded more attention than he could get.
Flustered, he burst, “You keep watching the sun set. What happens to TowHum when the sun goes down? Will you turn into a frog?”
She screamed laughing and hit him with the loose reins as she started to pull away. “Only at that point will you be worthy of a kiss from me.”
His heart thumped, he laughed, “And at that my lady, I bid you on your way.”
He bowed throwing her a kiss as she rode off. “I accept your invitation to meet with your brothers!” He hollered with two hands, as this could be really good for business.

3
Gray kept a smile on Gabby’s face, as thoughts of him visiting TowHum Palace was exciting. She had never invited a guest before, sure plenty of friends but they lived or worked there, not an outlander prince. A prince that even her older brothers would find entertaining. But then again, how to explain how she knows him? She was not allowed in the Outland, and for good reason. And that kiss he stole! Her eyes widened at the thought. No, too bad, he is uninvited.
Suddenly the road started to rumble. She looked around and into the woods where the uproar seemed to come from, she saw nothing, perhaps the other side? Where ever it was coming from, she dashed off to be far from what ever was about to cross the road. But instead of running from it, she found herself in the midst of a herd of thundering horses. Not normal horses, but Lums. She was bounced around as dust kicked up and caused her horse to jump and make her scream. It felt like being out of control, carried away on a wave of thunder and blinding dust. She held on tight for her life for if she fell off, she would be trampled to death.
Then as quickly as it started it was over. Her horse was facing the wrong direction. Her hat and her clothing were a shamble. She caught her breath and wiped tears from her dusty face. She sat there for a moment but it seemed no one was responsible for the hair raising event. Shaken, she slowly made her way to the lodge where she planned to spend the night.
Gabriella was glad to find the lodge was empty and quiet. At the door she was greeted by the house keeper. Her full round face lost its smile when she saw the girl in such a state. “Oh, good heavens child, what in the world happened? Did you fall off your horse?”
“Oh, Marda,” she fell into her arms, “this huge herd of horses dragged me down.”
The woman pulled a damp cloth from her pocket and started to attend to her, patting the dust from her face. “Maybe I should send for your mother.”
“No, no, I’m fine, honestly.” She shook the fog out of her head. “I’ll be home by tomorrow.”
“You sure?” she looked into Gabby’s watery eyes, as she nodded her head, “Well, let me get you upstairs and all cleaned up.”
Later, Gabby, refreshed and hungry, came downstairs to a festive dining hall. Carlo, a hefty innkeeper, greeted her at the bottom of the stairs. “Hello young lady.” He took her hand and asked. “How are you feeling?”
“Oh much better,” she answered, “thank you.”
“Are you hungry? I have a wonderful stew in the pot, and you can still smell the fresh baked bread.”
“Yes, it smells scrumptious.” She bit her lip.
“Here, I saved your favorite spot.” He led her to a table sitting by a large window. It was already set with a lovely place mate and even a flower.
She sat in the warming sun as someone played the lute and laughter came from the tavern. Looking out the window, she was anxious to get home. Slowly the diner began to fill with hungry travelers.
A young man with short shiny brown hair, pulled her thoughts from the window. He leaned in her face and sat a large tray with hot food.
“Gabby, are you okay?” He took a hard look at a black and blue bruise on her arm. “I heard you had a nasty fall.”
“No, it wasn't. Paul, it was so scary. I thought they were going to kill me.”
“Who?” he took a seat.
“Horses! A heard of, I think they were wild. Somehow, I was swooped right into the middle. It was like being in the center of a raging river.” Her eyes popped. She took a deep breath, “But I’m fine now.” She smiled softly with appreciating eyes.
She broke the warm bread and added butter. Paul closed his gaping mouth and glanced at her bruise again. “Well I’m glad you're alright, despite the look of your arm. I thought you were going to the wedding, with your beautiful gift, what happened?”
“I did, and I found her. We had a wonderful time, as short as it might have been.”
“Cathleen must have been happy to see you. She talks about you all the time.”
“Oh, it was so much fun. I needed that laugh so bad. Now I have to return home and I’m in so much trouble. See, I had planned on sneaking back as if I had never left.” She took a sad look at her arm. “But how with this arm,” she covered it with her hand. “and I have to tell my uncle about the horses. They were Lums.”
“Lums?” Paul tilted his head.
Her words caught the attention of three men at a nearby table. They looked at one another and started listening to the conversation.
“They’re horses that have eaten a fruit from TowHummy called a Lum. It causes the horse to grow huge, the most beautiful animals you've ever seen. But it kills them. Once fully grown they live about two years. You can tell one by their size and the mouth, teeth and whites of the eyes are a green color.”
“Wow, that’s sad, what a waste.” his eyes widened.
“That’s not the worst of it. It’s like a plague. The pasture, the water, any place they’ve been is poisoned. They can spread it around and kill other animals. That’s why it’s against the law to sell Lums or use the Lumpuious fruit as feed. I have to report this to my uncle.” She rolled her eyes. “At which point I have to explain why I was here in the first place.”
Paul’s eyes dropped on her bruised arm again, “I wish I could help. If I can get away from here for a while, I would love to walk you home. Maybe I can help you rationalize your way out of a chastisement.”
She placed her hand over his and assured, “I’ll be okay, actually my uncle is not that bad. But with my arm looking like this… Well someone is bound to see it and I’m in deep… Again.”
Marda came out of the kitchen and looked around, she quietly slipped behind Paul with her hands on her hips, and before Gabby could warn him, she cried out. “Tell me boy, am I still waiting for the water I asked you for… How long ago?”
Paul jumped from his seat, “I’ll be back.”
“No, don’t bother,” she snickered, watching Marda’s eyes follow him. “I have to go too. I need my rest. I plan to leave at sun rise. The fewer people notice my return, the fewer rumors will fly.”
He bowed, “Well, good night, have a safe journey and…” As Marda made a move the young man ran off.
Gabby glanced at the sun going down, took a few spoons full of her now cooled off stew. She put more butter on bread, wrapped it in a handkerchief, stuffed it in her pocket and slipped up the stairs.
The men at the nearby table huddle closer and whispered. The first man said, “Did she say she was planning to tell her uncle?”
The second man asked, “Well who is she and who’s her uncle.”
“Her uncle, So, what can he do? He can’t stop us.” The third man barked.
The first man frowned, “What if she’s a TowHum? They could cause problems.”
“That ship will be here in a week.” The second man added, “That’s all the time we need. Maybe we can lock her up or something.” The three grunted in agreement.
“For what? “The first man asked.
“I don’t know, make up something. The second man shook his head. “Let Alexious handle it. This is all his doing in the first place. He never told us about any plague.”
“Well it’s too late now.” The first man added, “I need the wages.” There was a pause as his eyes bounced off the other two. “You know, the roads are awfully lonely real early in the morning.”
It was still dark when Paul was awakened by some noise outside. He thought it was Gabby, so he got up to take a look, but it was just three men taking an early leave. So he went back to bed.

4
A shuffling sack was dropped on the cold marble floor in a small throne room. Tall slender and handsome, young Prince Alexious sat in the large chair pulling on his coarse whiskers. Circling the bag and watching it tussle back and forth, was an older man, Lukon, head advisor to the king at Sawtee Palace. He motioned to have the bag opened, and two men pulled the rope loose as if it contained a wild cat. Suddenly the sack stopped moving, then slowly the princess wriggled out. She was a ruffled mess. Her hat had come off, but luckily her hair bag was still on tight and not stuck to her face with tears and sweat. Huffing and trying to scream while gagged, she kicked the bag away and fought to her feet. Her eyes sent blades as she struggled to get her hands untied.
“Stop fighting,” Lukon frowned and spoke in a harsh matter of fact tone of voice. She calmed but the fire had not left her eyes. He pulled the gag down from her mouth but left her hands bound behind her back.
She looked straight at the young man on the throne. “Your only resolve is that you have no idea who I am.” She shook her head and narrowed her eyes. “Set… me… free!”
He ignored her warning and promptly responded, “Young lady, unfortunately you have come across some personal business of mine. You could ruin it, and I have no intention of taking that chance.” He raised a brow, “My resolve, you will be imprisoned for… Hum let’s say trespassing.” He casually blinked a few times and motioned, “Take her away.”
Gabriella’s heart pounded; this cannot be real. It was some kind of madness. This should and could never really happen she thought. They must have no idea who I am, so she announced, “I am a TowHummy princess, I’m not normally dressed like this but if your pigs hadn't stolen my rings, I could prove it.” For a moment the others took notice.
Confident that her status should have great impact, she narrowed her eyes at the prince, “I recognize you. Why are you doing this? I’m not quite understanding the purpose. Those horses are worthless, and they’ll poison your land.
“They are magnificent and priceless to me, and it is my understanding it will not harm the land but enhance it. And you will be here until we leave and that may include you madam.
“Leave?” her nose faired as she drew in a deep and painful breath. She staggered then pulled herself together, not willing to believe this was happening, she spoke out arrogantly, “Let me go right now, and I will do my best to minimize the damage, but you still cannot keep the horses. Taking them abroad is out of the question completely. I don’t know where you got your information but it’s wrong.
“I’m beginning to believe you are a TowHummy Princess. Only a TowHum would have the audacity to speak to me in that manner.” The prince stood up, “All the more reason why I must put you away. You leave me no option, I will have my prize.” He motioned for her to be taken away, again.
She looked around at all of them. “Have you gone mad? How long do you intend to keep me? They will come looking for me. Kidnapping a TowHummy princess? You will start a war.”
Lukon looked her in the eyes, “You will be our guest, you will be kept a secret and when the time comes you will be taken abroad.” He circled her with scrutiny. “You will be missing for days and suddenly a ship pulls into harbor and leaves and you’re on it. Perhaps with a young lover? That’s the story I will leave behind.” He looked at the three men that had captured her. “Are you sure no one saw you?” They nodded yes. “Good then, that’s settled.”
“You’re cruel, and heartless. You would let my mother suffer like that. You’re not human.” She screamed.
“By the time I get back, my uncle will have smoothed everything over.” The Prince added and waved her off.
Grasping her horrific predicament, she cried, “No wait please, please I must get home. You don’t understand. Okay! I won’t say anything about your horses but you must put them down, for your own sake.”
“Take her out of here,” The prince ordered loudly, “put her where she can’t be seen, heard or found.”
Gabriella started to panic, and fought as they attempted to replace the gag. “When you return, there will be no Sawtee Kingdom. But there will be a stake waiting for your heads.” She shrieked.
Bound and gagged with the sack back over her head, she kicked and fought as two guards dragged her out of the room. At the same time, beautiful Lady Backa cautiously slid in against the wall watching the turmoil. “Who was that and what did she do?”
Alexious reached his hands out for hers. “She was about to ruin our plans, and I wasn't going to let that happen, especially when we are this close to making you the happiest woman in the world.” He led her to have a seat next to him and turned to Lukon, “Do you think she really could be a Tow princess?”
“Princess?” Becka interrupted, “What a rag? What kind of princess looks like that?”
“Exactly.” Lukon added.
Becka turned back to the prince with adoring eyes, “Now back to making me happy with the biggest emerald in the world.” She held up her hands as if holding the large rock. “I can still see it; I can still feel its power. Soon to be mine, all for a dozen horses.”
“Not just any horses, there are no others in the world and not just any stone there is only one and you shell have it. Then I shell have you.”
He took her limp hand, as her mind was still heavy on the stone. “Tell me, are my eyes truly as luscious a green as that enormous gem. Will we match? I want a dress made to complement it.”
Alexious, kissed her limp hand and she pulled it away as her eyes wandered deep in her fantasy. She bounced out of her seat, “I wonder if they can make me such a dress?” She danced out of the room, leaving the men with smiles.
With her gone the conversation took on a more serious tone. “Do you think the TowHum will come looking for her?” Alexious asked.
“Not with the rumor I will spread,” Lukon paced the floor. “She is not our problem, King Armus is. He still hasn’t consented to the transport of this cargo as of yet. I was told, he won’t let us board the horses. If we are seen near his boarders, he has given orders to kill them and us.”
“What!” the prince jumped from his seat. “I knew it! I knew it! Damn it!! Now what?” the young man ranted. “It’s over just like that! What the hell do I do now?”
“Calm yourself my prince, I have been giving it much thought. You could kill him, first.”
“Kill?” the prince got in Lukon’s face, “I’m not killing anyone. Look at the size of this mess already. If Morgan had any idea what we were doing, he would skin me, and I don't doubt he would trade me for my cousin. And I’d be shipped off to take his place in that god forsaken desert.” Swinging his arms and wringing his hands, he asked, “And just how do you presume to kill a king? A king with a sizeable army at that!”
There was silence as Lukon went into deep thought. “Do they celebrate the feast of no wine?”
“No, no one does, but the TowHum. Why?” Alexious asked anxiously.
“Well they celebrate something around this time. I've seen it.”
With some reservation the prince answered, “His! The king’s birthday! So, what do we do? And just because he’s dead, how do we stop the rest of the cods? He has five sons. All but one older than me, I might add.”
Lukon gave a devious smile, “We’ll send him a birthday gift, a gift of wine for him and all his men.”
“A gift of wine?” Alexious frowned. “From where? The TowHum have horded most of it.”
Lukon’s eyes shift about. “Don’t you see, its scarcity is what will make it such a delightful gift. I know where I can find more wine, Green feast wine, it leaves a sweet taste.”
Alexious backed off, “And just where would you get that? No one can get anywhere close that area. And I’m not so sure I want to just kill all the cods. Don't you think that's a little drastic?”
“I was thinking just enough to make them sick. They will think they have the plague and who will care to bother with you. Once the word is out the ship will dock and leave so quickly no one will have time to stop us.
Alexious paused in thought, “And this poison, you have it?”
“I do, and in a sufficient quantity.” He smiled.
The prince took a deep sigh, “Let’s do it. We’ll need help. Who can we trust with such a deed?”
Lukon pulled on his gray whiskers, “I’ll send for Cray.”
Alexious gasp, “Cray! Half human son of the devil, I should have known it. Who else could you get to do such a thing? Is he still living in the caves?”
“Yes, I shell send for him and…”
Alexious stepped back, “You handle him. I want to know none of the dirty details or have any dealing with him.” He went for the door and had a thought, “Oh, one other thing. What makes you think the cods would accept a gift from us?”
Lukon raised a brow, “They won’t, but good wine is hard to find right now, so, we’ll sell it to them. But at such a good bargain they won’t refuse it.” The prince left and Lukon snapped his fingers and the other three men jumped to attention.

5
Cathleen came running into the lodge franticly searching for Paul. Finding him she caught her breath, “Paul, Paul have you seen Gabby?””
At that time of the day the lodge was quiet. Paul was sweeping the floor in the tavern, when Cathleen startled him. “Not today, no. Why what’s wrong?”
She’s gone missing. “Some men from TowHummy came to the orphanage and started asking questions.”
Paul’s mouth fell open and his eyes wandered, “She was here the night of the wedding and she had planned to leave early. That was the last time I saw her. What could have happened between here and there?” He frowned.
“I’m worried. I don’t know what to do. If she was going to run off, she would have told me, and run? Run where? She’s TowHhummy.”
Paul placed his hand on her shoulder, to calm her. “Maggie should be in soon. Wait here, we can ask her if she saw anything. She go’s all over the place and talks to everyone.”
“Paul, I’m so afraid, if she had other plans, she would have told me, I’m sure of it.” Cathleen was almost in tears.
“Come, have a seat,” He led her to a table by the door, “I have to finish my work, but I’ll be back.”
A few moments later an old woman walked in. “Maggie?” Cathleen jumped to her feet.
“Cathleen,” The woman smiled large. “Well how are you and how is your family these days. I don't make it out your way too much anymore. But I do miss you all often.”
The scattered girl cut her off before she could get another word out. “Maggie do you still sell bread down and round the Sawtee palace? I mean, have you seen anyone or anything out of the ordinary?”
The girls obvious stress caught the old woman’s attention and she gave the question some serious thought. “She put her basket of wild flowers and mushrooms down. “Well, between here and there and that’s about all. I’m getting way too old for all that running round like before.” She fanned.
A touch flustered, “No, you see, I’m trying to find a friend of mine. She’s missing and no one has seen her. Maybe you have.”
Maggie raised her gray brows, “Oh, what does she look like?” Paul returned and the three had a seat at the table.
She’s my age and about my height. She had a blue hat on, and she was wearing a dark blue old skirt, and a white blouse with ruffles here and here.” She pointed.
The woman shook her head, “No, I haven't seen anyone wandering around that's your age in a blue dress.”
“You know, I was thinking,” Paul tapped his finger on the table, “I do recall seeing three herdsmen leaving early that morning. They’re regulars here, maybe they know something.”
“The king’s herdsmen?” Maggy perked up. “They did bring someone tied in a sack, a day or so ago. Who it was, I couldn't tell you. But they had been arrested, arrested for trespassing.”
Cathleen’s eye’s darted, “Trespassing? What kind of crime is that? That couldn't be her. Why would she go off the road to TowHummy?”
“And those men,” Paul added, “why did they leave so early? They never have before. They come in almost every night.”
“So, they’ll be back today?” Cathleen asked hopefully.
“Late, around dinner.” He answered.
“You know I can’t get home that late. Do you think I could get a look in their room?”
Paul’s eyes widened, “Marda cleans in there. Maybe you could ask to help or just talk and follow her into the room and see if you see anything. I would but, she’d just give me more work to do, some were else.” He shook his head and snickered.
“It’s worth a try. When does she clean?” Cathleen asked eagerly.
“Ah, sense they're not here, before lunch. I think its number nineteen. Marda complains about it the most.”
Maggie added, “If I see or hear anything, I’ll let you know dear ones.” The three looked encouraged.

6
Marda and Cathleen make their way down the hall laughing with buckets, mops and brooms. Arriving at room nineteen Marda frowns when she opens the door. “This room always smells the worst. I hate coming in here. I should break a window to keep this room aired out.” Cathleen starts to study the room.
Just as they dropped their buckets, Carlo called from down stairs. “Marda? There are men down here from TowHummy. They want to speak with you.”
Cathleen’s mouth fell ajar.
Marda knowing little of what’s going on groaned, “Now what? I have work to do. Can’t you speak with them?” There was no answer.
“Go,” Cathleen offered, “I can handle this.”
“Oh, it’s a lot.” Marta pulled her scarf back off her head, “Well okay, just dump and sweep, and I’ll be right back.”
Cathleen slowly closed the door and quickly searched. Tucked away in the back of a drawer, she found a small pouch full of coins, small gold spheres and rings, three of which belonged to Gabby. She put them in her pocket, finished cleaning the room and tried to slip down stairs and out the side door. But she couldn’t help but eavesdrop on the two men who were seated at a table talking to Marda. When they asked if there was anyone else who may know anything, Marda looked up and trapped her on the stairs.
“Well wouldn't you know it, there's trouble.” Cathleen rolled her eyes. The TowHum guard waved her over. “Did you find out anything?”
Though TowHum did not rule in Sawtee, they were very intimidating. Well dressed and groomed, they were respected and with a princess missing, this could be cause for war. But Cathleen’s best friend was the missing princess, and she had no cause to flinch.
“As a matter of fact, I did. I found these.” She handed them Gabby’s rings.
These belong to the princess.”
“Where did you get these?” he asked seriously.
“I’m now convinced Princess Gabriella is being held at Sawtee Palace for trespassing.
“Trespassing?” Marda gasp.
The tension was heavy as the three men got to their feet. “Why are you so sure?” the guard asked pointedly.
With glassy eyes and arched brows, she answered, “The Sawtee king’s herdsmen were seen delivering a prisoner yesterday and I found those rings in their room. If you find the men who stole them, you will find out what happened to her.”
“We will investigate.” He led her to sit down, “Now tell us more, what else do you know and how do you know it?” The men gave her their full attention. Alarmed, Marda and Carlo joined the table.

7
Later that day, Cathleen and Paul sat together drinking ale. She ran her fingers over the wrinkle in her forehead, “Why would the Sawtee do such a thing! Did you hear what they said? This is an act of war, and my best friend Gabby is right in the middle. What can we do?”
“You know, those three men were in earshot of us when I served her dinner. We talked about horses, she called them Lums. I wonder.” His eyes shifted and he took a deep sigh. “What can we do? Nothing. We are like no bodies. Who’s gonna listen to us?”
“True but I don’t like this helpless, hopeless feeling. They sat silent until a thought crossed her mind, “What about Gray, the cod prince? The one that comes here and buys loaves of honey bread from Marda?”
“But where’s he now? He’s not a regular.”
“I passed him down the road. He’s looking for Wellsly’s wagon in the merchant’s circle. She leaned on his arm and pled, “Oh, please Paul, come with me. He thinks I’m just a silly girl, I’m not sure I can convince him of how serious this is.”
“I can’t, you know how they are.” He shook his arm loose. “I could lose my home here. I would have nothing to eat and no place to stay.”
“Paul, by the time the TowHummy get back, she could be dead and this will start a war. They may burn the lodge and the orphanage!”
Paul’s eyes grew large, then in deep thought he spoke slowly. “I see your point. Maybe the innkeepers will understand if I explain it to them that way. Okay, I’m with you.”
She laid her head on his shoulder in gratitude. Cathleen’s mother made fine lace and her work was most desired. She instructed the girls at the orphanage to take up the trade. This is how she knew Paul and others, as she assisted her mother all over the countryside.

8
Cathleen and Paul shared a horse to an opening in the center of the forest. Eight wagons lined up in a circle, with a few scattered on the outside. It was somewhat of a busy place. Merchants sold everything from all over the world. It was enchanting as the wagons were brightly painted and incense burned. Music played and the children danced. Everything you desire could be found there.
Cathleen spotted Prince Gray and his associate shopping around. The prince had a velvet bag in his hand. Paul and Cathleen approached him and quickly nodded their heads. Gray’s eye’s fell on Cathleen, “What, no giggle or smile?”
“My Prince,” she neared with arched eyes. “Gabriella is in danger.”
“In TowHummy? I can’t help her.” He held the velvet sack in one hand and bounced it to check its weight, then started to walk away.
“No, she never made it home. She never arrived in TowHum.”
Gray stopped, “What?”
“She was kidnapped, arrested by the Sawtee king’s herdsmen.”
“Arrested for what?” He asked, a bit agitated.
“For trespassing.”
Gray raised his brows and chuckled in disbelief. “Cathleen?”
But Paul interrupted, “No, she is telling the truth. The Princess has been taken. We fear her life may be in danger and were hoping maybe you could help us free her. They’ll listen to you.”
Gray’s mouth fell open as he pondered for a moment, then stood stately. “And so they shell. I will speak to them straightaway of this madness. Don’t worry, we’ll get to the bottom of this and quickly.” He bounced the velvet bag in his hand a few times as he headed to his horse. I have my father’s birthday celebration to attend. Come Harvey, we have a quick trip to make and then on to the festivities.”
Cathleen rushed him, “Oh thank you, thank you.” She gushed, and he grinned gallantly.

9
Gabriella crossed her arms and paced the floor of her cell, every now and then stopping to watch the sun slowly disappear. In one corner was a pile of straw. She gathered it along with some rags and a moth eaten blanket and put them in the far obscure spot away from the door. She laid down in the dem light and covered herself, every inch, from head to toe.
Later that night, a guard followed by Lukon and Becka, tiptoed to the cell bars where three other guards stood silently watching. In the corner laid a pile of glowing straw. Becka gasp but her father put his finger to her lips.
Later before leaving, Lukon ordered, “Guard! This is to be kept secret. No one is to know of this or see her, especially at night.”
Reaching the top of the stairs, his shaken daughter whispered, “Father what was that?”
He turned to her, “That my daughter, is a wonder of the world. It is my understanding that there are only three. You think the emerald is power? It is mere dust, compared to the gem that lies sleeping in there.”
Becka’s eyes grew wide, and Lukon went on, “Dream your wildest and you will have much, much more. That my sweet one is what is known as a phosphluant or midnight snowball. What such a priceless gift is doing alone, un-escorted on the road, I have no idea, but we are grateful.” His eyes darted with excitement as he went on, “You should know, just one drop of her blood will save any life and three drops and you may live forever.” He put his hands on her shoulders. “Daughter, maybe we should keep this just between us right now.”
Becka nodded in agreement and frowned, “Is she human?” Lukon shrugged his shoulders.
Old king Morgan could be heard laughing all the way down the hall to where Gray, Cathleen and Paul waited to be introduced. A servant entered the room where he was playing cards with three women. The married one jumped out of his lap. “Yes, yes, what now.” He groaned.
“My king, there is a young prince of the Cods to see you.”
“Cod prince? What could he want?” The ladies moved to another corner of the room. “Show him in.” It must have something to do with shipping he thought.
Prince gray entered along with Cathleen and Paul. The two bowed their heads, Gray nodded and spoke up gallantly. King Morgan, I am Prince Gray of the Cods, and I request the release of the TowHummy princess Gabriella.
Morgan stared and with a serious frown objected, What? TowHummy princess? I have no TowHummy here!”
He had a powerful voice, but the young prince was not intimidated. He cleared his throat and spoke up. Perhaps his majesty is unaware of such an incident, perhaps an unfortunate accident? Whatever the case, I demand her release.”
The King dropped a brow deep, reared back in his seat and tilted his head with eyes hard on Gray. “I will investigate your accusation young man.”
Gray turned his nose up in the air. “Then I shell wait. I will not leave until I am assured, she is safe and secure.”
The king was disturbed and annoyed by the somewhat arrogance of the young man. He whispered to his servant who led the young people out the door. The prince nodded as the other two backed their way out.
The three were seated in a long hall, where Gray became restless, he paced the floor, “How long will this take. She should be free by now, Are you two absolutely sure she’s here?” They both nodded yes. “He pulled the velvet bag from inside his jacket. I’m missing the celebration. I wanted him to receive this before my brothers. The look on their faces will be priceless. I’ll be too late if I wait. But I gave you my word, so I will stay.
But~” He has a thought, and called his companion. “Harvey,” who came running in. “Well just because I’m stuck, doesn't mean you have to stay.”
“But sir, it won’t be right without you.” He grumbled.
“Don’t worry, I want you to go ahead without me. Let my father know I should be on my way soon. Give him his gift right in front of everybody, and watch my brothers. I want to hear every little detail when I get there. Take my horse it’s a little faster.” He patted the young man on the shoulder, and he bowed and ran off with the gift.
Gray rejoined Cathleen and Paul on a bench. He took a deep breath and crossed his arms and legs. “Well fine, my father’s birthday celebration will be going on and I’m sitting here.”
I’m so sorry, but you can see how important this is?” Cathleen urged.
“As long as you’re sure she’s here. Not that I expect to be forgiven if she isn't. But it is quite the accusation.”
I’m positive, believe me we are in such trouble for being here. I mean Paul may have no home to return to, and I… I’m afraid to go home.
Gray looked at her sulking face with compassion. “When this is over, we will leave together and I will intercede for you in any way I can.”
She repeated a heart felt thank you and Paul rolled his eyes.

10
King Morgan dined on chicken, laughing and drinking with his lady friends. A servant came in with a message. The king read the message to himself. His face turned grim. Perplexed and confused, he motioned for the ladies to leave.
Prince Alexious entered the large thrown room and saw the three herdsmen had been tortured. One lying in a pool of blood the others bound, beaten and on their knees. Instantly dread filled his mind, the seen was nightmarish, like something from an old war story from times long gone. He wanted to run but where? His shoulders fell, his breath cut short and the room moved in slow motion.
Morgan’s voice thundered in the almost empty room. “Have you gone mad! …why?”
Alexious took a shallow breath wondering just how much the king knew. Then belted out, “I have plans and she would have ruined them.”
The king leaned forward, “Did you plan for a full blown war? Because that’s what you have.”
“The largest emerald in the world awaits me in exchange for a dozen of these horses. What’s the problem?”
“Fool! I have peace treaties with these people. You break the laws, kidnap and dungeon their princess. Does that sound like a problem to you?”
Alexious looked off, “I had no idea she was a princess. She doesn't dress like one.”
“I don't care if she was nude. I will not go to war over some green rock.” There was a pause as the king’s anger festered, and one of the tortured men collapsed. “Tell me Alexious do you sleep peacefully in your bed at night? Should we go to war with the TowHummy, I assure you, you will never sleep peacefully again.” He points at him. “You have been trained by some of our most enlighten scholars. But it seems only true experience will teach you anything. What was this green rock going to give you that you don’t already have?”
Alexious said nothing, suddenly the truth, the love of a woman sounded silly and trivial. Now in its true light it was absurd. He had nothing to say.
“I’m waiting,” Morgan blasted, “You obviously have no idea what you have. It’s too easy! Your life is just too comfortable! You need excitement?” He stood up and pointed, “Well! You shell have it! You will be sent to my brother in Yarf and if and when he thinks you’re the man I need to be king, he will send you back.
“But, But, you can’t just send me there.” Alexious gasp, and staggered, “They’ll kill me. He hated my father. You know it.”
“Nonsense, he has never hated you.” The king spat. “But he could see how weak, selfish and stupid you are. I’ve been blind. It is done. You must learn there is a price to pay and it won’t be paid with horses. When the new ship docks you will be on it! That’s final. I’ll hear no more. You are dismissed!” He waved him off.
Alexious shook his head in disbelief. This can’t be, he thought, this was the end? there is nothing left, his life had ended. His eyes shifted around as the room seemed to go dark. His mouth was dry and a painful lump in his throat was choking him. Devastated, he slowly left the room.
Morgan ignored him and turned to a servant. “Hob call a meeting, the blue ladies and all heads of state, so we can try to clean up this mess. And hang them,” he pointed to the three men on the floor, “in the town square. So word gets back to the TowHum, that my justice is swift.”
Alexious was stumbling down the hall with his head down, when running feet met him in the hall. Drenched in stress he looked up, it was Becka, “Did you hear?” He asked.
“No, did you hear?” she bit.
“No.” He looked stunned.
“I’m being sent back to my brother.” She threw her hands up shouting. The two stood glaring at one another. “I’m going to see my father and put a stop to this. He can’t make me go back! My father will think of something!”
Alexious sneered, “Don’t bother, I’m sure he’s been told, his services are no longer needed.

11
Twelve people stood before the king, eight ladies dressed in blue and four others. The room was silent while king Morgen paced the floor. At last he expressed, “Here is my dilemma,” He stopped, and faced them. “There is a young lady wrongly imprisoned. Before I set her free, I must make her see it was a mistake. I must find ways to make amends for what has taken place.” He looked at each one of them and waved his finger. “I want no flower unplucked, no fine oils not poured to appease her. If she sheds a tear, it had better be lavender. She should have the finest of linen, the softest of pillows. I want her waited on hand and foot. She is your first priority. Hopefully I can repair the damage without any useless death.”
He sat back on his thrown, “You must understand the importance of this effort. We don’t dare confront those who can call lightening from the sky. Go now, that’s all.” He pointed out two, “Thee, you and Farah stay.” he waved the others off.
“Thee, what kind of trinkets, ladies kind of things do we have in the treasury?”
Thee approached the king, “Prince Alexious has given most of the finer things to lady Becka.”
“Well get it back,” Morgen roared, “and any other precious thing you find. Where she’s going, she won’t need it.” He sat thinking, “I know we once had some beautiful silks and taffetas. Do your best, I’d like her to have a nice bundle when she leaves.”
Thee nodded, and the king turned to the blue lady. “Farah, didn’t your sister marry into the TowHum royal family?”
“Yes my king,” she smiled and approached him, “My younger sister ran off with a young prince many years ago and now lives quite content with them.”
The king pulled on the little whiskers under his lip while thinking. “I want you to get close to this girl and try to soothe the situation. Talk to her about your sister. Try to make her feel at home. I’m going to make sir dim wick apologize. Should be a new experience for him.” Morgan snickered then turned to Thee, “Have the horses rounded up. We’ll let her decide what to do with them. Get me a fast messenger. I’ll send the TowHum a letter, explaining that she is our guest and will be returned safely.”
Farah asked, “When will she be released?”
“Now, but I don’t want to see her until there is a change in the way she sees the Sawtee. Who knows,” He sighed deeply, “hopefully this works out.”
Thee led soldiers to Becka’s room, where they took every beautiful and valuable thing they could find, mainly gold but also furs, rugs, combs, all jewelry, even her loveliest of gowns. She put up a fight but, in the end, she lay crying hot tears on her rumpled bed, in her ransacked room.
Thee then released Gabby from her cell and led her to her new chambers. All the way there she mumbled stories of how the TowHummy was going to punish the Sawtee for what they had done to her. He said nothing, only returned a gentle smile.
At the top of the staircase where her special rooms were prepared, Farah greeted her with a warm hug only a mother would give, and offered her a warm bath.
Farah was thrilled, she knew all about the girl, her family and the TowHum, from her sister, who had married one of Gabby’s cousins. She allowed no one else to see how special she was.
After such a trauma, Farah was the perfect companion, like a wonderful mother, she comforted and made Gabby feel safe. During the bath, they exchanged stories and Gabby found herself laughing again.
Farah was captivated. She could see why she was called the snowball. When she removed her hair bag, her hair was white as snow and her skin glowed and when drying her off, her skin flaked like little lights that went off and then faded. You could actually see a slight glow in the bath water that eventually faded away.
Gabby’s beautiful rooms were on the east side of the palace so when the sun went down, little light filtered into the tall slender windows causing her radiance to blush. Farah helped her dress, tentatively scrutinizing every part of her body. She brushed her hair dry and saved the loose ones. The most startling thing was her eyes. Gabby had big brown eyes that were now an amber color with large black pupils. With everything so light, the eyes were to bright, kind of spooky.
A servant came down the hall where Gabby’s friends had been waiting. He told them that she had been released. “It’s about time.” Gray jumped to his feet. They followed the servant to a small waiting room and were told she would be right out.
Farah brushed the snowballs hair, and confessed that Gabby was the loveliest of odd flowers she had ever seen. But just in the next room, Gray was getting antsy, “What’s taking so long the suns almost gone. It will be almost dark by the time I reach my father’s feast.” He knocked on the door. “Gabby? Gabby are you in there?”
“Gabby are you okay?” Cathleen called out.
The ladies weren’t ready. They scrambled around the room lighting candles which dampened her glowing effect. But the commotion caused the prince to fear there was some kind of problem and when he twisted the door knob, Gabby went into full panic, rushing the door pushing against it. Then she cried to Farah, “Please help me.”
Gray and the other two, took this as a cry for help. It sounded all wrong, “Oh no! Help me, help me please you must stop them. Wait, wait you must stop!”
There was a tug of war at the door, as Gray, Cathleen and Paul fought to get in and Gabby and Farah fought to keep them out!
Gabby and Farah were no match, as the three push their way in, just as she explained… “You see, they have never seen me like this.” There was silence as they stood stunned, staring, Gray with his dagger ready in hand. She confessed timidly, “I am a TowHummy phosphluant princess, sometimes called a midnight snowball, one of only three in the world.”
No one said a word until Farah did, sweetly, “What a rare and beautiful site you are. I am indeed grateful for the opportunity to see someone as marvels as you.”
Paul nodded and Cathleen smiled in awe, “You never told me! No wonder you were always watching the sun go down.”
Gabby turned to Gray, but he wasn’t smiling, he looked repulsed. “I’m still human.” Her brows arched.
“Really, I’ve never seen a human look like you.” Paul added.
“And you let me kiss you?” Gray scoffed.
“You did?” Cathleen questioned.
“No, not like that.” She answered Cathleen and turned to Gray, “You stole that kiss!”
“So, what happens to me now.” Gray taunted.
“Nothing!” Gabby bit back, “What do you expect? Your teeth to start glowing, I’m still me.” She had dealt with a lot of this attitude at home.
Cathleen, rushed up to her, “Well I think you’re more enchantingly beautiful then anyone I have ever seen.” She fluffed her hair, studied her face and eyes.
Gray put back his dagger, and in a rude tone stated, “You appear to be safe and secure. I leave you to your comfort’s madam.”
He turned and left and Paul followed. Cathleen took both of Gabby’s hands and held them tight. She poured out a gaze of sheer love and compassion for a moment, then ran off after them.
Gabby cried out, “Wait! Wait don't just leave me. I’m still me…”
Farah, gently held her back. “Please young princess, you have been wronged, let us make it up to you. You will see your friends again but, for now you need to heal and relax before your journey home.” The princess welted in a chair, she dropped her head, bewildered. Farah ran her fingers through the snowball’s hair. “They were just a little startled but they will come to see just how special and fascinating you really are.”
Over the next few days Gabby was pampered from head to toe, in every way possible. Living this dream was indeed heart swaying.

12
Becka stormed down the hall and burst into Alexious’s chambers. “They have taken all my beautiful things and gave them to the Tow cow! What are you going to do about it?” She raised a fist to him and stomped around the room. “They took all my jewels and my silks, as well as my oils and perfumes from abroad. I want them back. I just want to kill her! Why didn't you just leave the bitch alone? Now look, not only do we lose the stone but I’ve lost everything.”
The Prince stood stunned, he had never seen her in a rage before. His eyes were fixed on the fuming fireball thunder around his room. He hid a nearby dagger under his pillow.
She turned her back to him, caught an angry tear and folded her arms. “I refuse to go back to my brother.” She shook her head, “I’ll run off first. Do you know they gave her two of my personal hand maids?” she spat.
He reached to hold her in his arms but she pulled away. “Don't touch me.” She snarled, “Don't put your hands on me again until I have my things back.”
But he reached out and grabbed her anyway. “Relax, I have a plan. What makes my uncle think he can just take my thrown. I’m alone in the world except for you. Together we can have whatever we want. You just have to be a little patient and trust me.”
She relaxed a little and dropped her eyes, he went on. “I think the plague will stop for the king and spread to TowHummy, just long enough for me to retrieve my horses.” He looked off and she pulled in closer, spreading her fingers over his chest. He narrowed his eyes, “Let’s talk to your father, and find those hand maidens. I think they will come in handy. This thrown is mine and I won’t let him threaten me.”

13
Cathleen and Paul decided to postpone the undesirable destination of home, and instead, be the guest of Prince Gray, at his father’s birthday celebration. The moon was high and brighter than normal making it easy to travel the night.
Paul’s stomach growled, “Oh, I’m so hungry. I can’t wait to get there. I know there’s food and food and more food.”
“Good thing you work at the inn where you have endless access to food.” Cathleen added. “You're always hungry, like a bottomless pit.”
“It’s ok.” Gray smiled, impatient and hungry himself, “There is food, food and more food. There’s music, singing and dancing all day and night for days. It shouldn’t be long now. The feast should be roaring by the time we arrive.”
Cathleen’s heart pounded, “I’m so excited. I’ve never been to such an event. I have never been the guest of a prince. I don't think I have ever had anyone wait on me before.”
“I’ve served you.” Paul popped.
“No, I’ve always gotten my own meal and we sit in your corner. I’m hoping this will be a little different.” She snorted.
Gray changed the subject. “I wish I had been there to see my father open my gift. I’m sure it was the best. Wait till I see my brothers.” Without notice Gray abruptly took off down the road leaving the other two behind. Paul and Cathleen, sharing a horse, could see him stop in the moonlight and examine and cover something up down the road. He quickly remounted and left without a word.
“Something’s wrong?” Paul cried, “It looks like he’s found a body.” He picked up the pace and dismounted a few yards ahead, and from the purple velvet saddle pad, he could tell it was Gray’s horse. He had given it to the young page, Gray called Harvey. Gray made mention of him as they traveled and noted that as young as he was, he had a wife and child on the way. Paul reluctantly pulled the cloak back and discovered to his alarm that the body was indeed Harvey.
He returned to find a fearful Cathleen with eyes wide. “Who was it?
Paul looked up at her, grim and serious, “It is the page.”
“Oh, how horrible. Who would do such a thing? No wonder he took off. Was it robbers?”
“I would guess.” Back on the horse, he asked, “Would you like me to take you home now?”
“What? You’re not going to follow him?” She cried, “We have to find out what happened.”
“Yes! I just wanted to know if you wanted me to drop you off. It could be dangerous, and there’s still quite a way to go. Harvey had Gray’s horse, it’s clearly marked. Whoever did this was trying to kill the prince.”
“Then surely we must follow, he may need our help.” She affirmed, “I’m with you.”
Paul laid his hand on the only weapon they had, a very small dagger or kitchen knife and they trailed the prince as fast as the old horse would carry the two of them.

14
As Gray approached the hilltop, bodies were laying everywhere along with a deafening silence. He dismounted and slowly stepped over faces he knew. With every move he made the stone in his throat grew. The candles had burned low but Tow rock torches were still burning bright. By the settings, it was easy to see where his father was seated. No horrid sea storm or freakish wave had ever been this difficult to face. He was sick, his mind and emotions exploded and shattered. He stood frozen at a distance, traumatized, observing the devastating stillness, while he mustered the courage to face the horrific truth.
The sun was just peeking when Paul and Cathleen arrived. At first there was no sign of Gray. The two were shocked speechless, surrounded by the dead bodies of mostly men, the rich and the poor. Ladies dressed in fine gowns, laid as if sleeping, dotted the hillside with color. The sun bounced off the gold plates, platters and goblets, on the tables loaded with fruit, bread, and meat. In front of the king lay his gifts of gold and gems. Flies and birds feasted freely, and the foul stench of vomit was heavy. The two were aghast and shaken.
Gray was found sprawled over his father who was hunched over the table. The two startled him awake, he had clearly cried himself to sleep. He said nothing but reached for a goblet of left over wine, but dead flies made him toss it and reach for water. He poured it in the goblet but just before he took a drink, wailing women caught his attention, and Paul stopped him from drinking. “Some of the dead have blood in his mouth.”
Gray looked in the goblet and threw it to the ground, then raged with all his might, “What happened here?”
The weeping sounds ended and a group of men with swords drawn came charging up to the pavilion, then slowed, when they recognized the prince and kneeled before him. Vox announced, “My King.” And bowed his head.
“What happened here? There is not one, sword drawn. Why are they all dead?” He waved his hands out over the area. “What… is this?” His face contorted.
“My king,” Vox answered bitterly, “we believe the wine was poisoned.”
“And you’re all alive?”
“Only because, we celebrate the feast of no wine.”
Gray rubbed his forehead. “Where did the wine come from?”
“A merchant, my king, but he was the first to die.”
Gray was weary and sat down, “They tried to kill me too. They got poor Harvey instead. I think he was going back to meet me. I wanted to hear everything.” The new king sat motionless.
Vox asked, “What will you have us do my king?”
After a moment, with his eyes focused on nothing, he answered, “This will be their monument.”

15
Rich and poor, noble and servant, lay together under the pavilion. It’s tall pillars still decorated with vines and flowers for the celebration, now served a mournful purpose. In the center, atop the heap was the king, Gray’s father and his brothers, and their wives. It had taken all day to prepare such a grand tribute and the town had all participated as many of the dead were their own.
The sweet mandolin oil was poured on heavy and the scent of it traveled far, and when Gray lit it, the fire started slowly then turned into a roaring inferno. It then traveled to the corners and climbed up the white floral decorated columns, causing the stone arched top to collapse. It shook the mountain and silenced the whimpering. It was indeed monumental.
Gray stood quietly exhausted, grappling with the fact that he was now a king. And where he had felt alone earlier, the huge crowd around, assured him he was not. With all his brothers in line for the crown, Gray had never toyed with the idea of being a king. He was going to rule the seas, that was his plan. He looked like his name and even though the crown was not on his head, it was very heavy.
Paul and Cathleen trailed Gray the rest of the day, even in the throne room where he gathered what was left of his fighting men. When he dismissed them, they finally got his attention, he took a deep sigh and stared at them a moment. “I will see to it you two are escorted safely home, and I’ll send a messenger with my word that you should be forgiven, as you were in my company.”
With heartfelt gratitude, for all he had been through, Cathleen thanked him, and added. “If someone is trying to kill you, the orphanage may be a good place for you to stay safe. Maybe right now they think you’re already dead. From there we can get help.”
“Help, help from who? I’m not even sure who did this.” He frowned in frustration.
Vox, interrupted, “She has a point. It will give us a safe place to hold up until we find out who’s responsible, and take our revenge.”
“And Gabby,” Cathleen cried hopefully, “you saved her now she can help you.”
“She already has.” He smiled ever so slightly, “If I hadn't been at Sawtee, I would have been here… drinking wine.”
“You were at Sawtee?” Vox probed, and the young king nodded. “The reason I ask, is that your father was angered about some plans the Sawtee had made. Exactly what, I’m not sure. But I wonder if they could have been behind this?”
King Gray had a crazed look in his eyes and clenched his fist. “We shall see. And when I get my hands on his heart.” His jaws locked with rage.

16
A small regiment had arrived from TowHummy to escort their princess home. So, a farewell celebration was prepared where the king would meet Gabby for the first time.
The princess was accompanied to the kings main dining room which was packed with nobles dressed in their best. Farah thrilled the young lady when she introduced her to makeup, just in case the sun went down and exposed her secret. Farah and the king were the only two in the palace that knew of it.
As she entered the double doors, the king stood and beckoned her foreword. The room was quiet and as she walked past the crowd, they bowed. Finally, she reached King Morgan and curtsied.
“Arise child, please except this feast in your honor. But before we get started, my nephew has something he wants to tell you.”
Alexious approached her, got down on one knee, and bowed his head. “Please forgive me.”
Gabby was a little taken aback by all the excitement and attention, she nodded and answered with a soft smile. “Forgiven.”
There were great applause and cheering. With that, the king announced, “Let this feast begin! Come Princess, set next to me. I trust you have been well taken care of?”
“Like I never would have dreamed.”
“And Farah?” he asked.
“Yes, she has been so kind to me. I understand we are somewhat related. My aunt is her sister.” Gabby confided.
He helped her fill her plate, “So tell me, how this Sawtee became part of your family?” The king and Gabby seemed to hit it off wonderfully.
Farah’s attention was drawn to the festive activities around her. She was surprised at the sudden good natured attitudes of Prince Alexious and Becka, knowing how upset they had been over the kings decision. Her thoughts return to gabby who expressed how excited she was to return home and tell everyone how wonderful she was cared for.
“I will be sure and tell my uncles that you rescued me. I was treated most finely. I would say much, much better than I have ever been at home.” She giggled and the King and Farah grinned from ear to ear.
After dinner they were entertained by girls dancing with bears. The king was having a good time and raised his goblet and cried, “More wine.” Surprisingly, Alexious rushed up with a pitcher and poured it. The king gave a curious eye, “Trying very hard to get back into my good graces, Hum?” Alexious smiled, and the king took a drink, and commented, “Oh, how sweet.” catching Farah’s curiosity.
As the celebration came to a close, Morgan gave Gabby and eye to eye, “Princess, I didn't want you to have the wrong idea about us. After all it was not long ago our two peoples stayed at war. I wouldn't want to start that up again over a mistake like this.”
And Gabby assured, “I understand. My uncles have said many times, they also enjoy the peace.”
As the king left to retire for the night, one of his ladies, Maloney ran to his side. But the king waved her off and called for Farah.
She found him on his way to his room. “Farah, it looks as though you have done a wonderful job of saving us from possibly going to war.”
“It wasn't hard. She’s a sweet girl. Except for maybe the bright eyes thing.” She snickered.
“Oh, I would have loved to have seen that. I was also surprised at how well Alexious has taken responsibility for his actions. Maybe I was just a little too hard.” He thought out loud. “I’ll have a talk with him tomorrow. Right now, I’m not feeling so well. Too much excitement I think.”
Farah walked with him to his chambers where he sat on the side of his bed and she pulled off his shoes. He gulped the last of his wine. “Now, that’s some good sweet wine.”
Farah frowned, confused, “My king, the wine is not sweet?”
“Well this one is, and it’s quite good. I should like more.” He fell back on his bed, groaned and passed out. As his bed servants arrived, she picked up his goblet and tasted the last drop. Alarmed, she spit it back and ran from the room.

17
Farah buzzed around the kitchen sipping from wine glasses and jugs. In the dining room she spotted Thee. “There you are.” She whispered, “I need to speak with you.”
“Farah,” he grinned, “Whatever can I do for a blue lady?”
She pulled him away from the festivities that were still going on. “Come here for a moment.” She led him into a corner. His eyes landed on her cleavage. He had a devilish smirk. Without a smile, she looked him in the eyes. “I think the king might have been poisoned.”
“What?” She had Thee’s serious attention.
“I tasted his wine and it was sweet. I mean really sweet. And when he retired, he said he wasn't feeling so well. I tasted more then a dozen jugs and none of them are sweet. Somethings wrong.” She frowned.
The two ran back to the king’s room. He was wheezing with a fever and they couldn’t wake him up. Thee stepped back, “I’ve seen this kind of poisoning before. I know someone who can help, but this is not good. Farah, I’m going to send you a physician. Follow his orders and maybe we can save his life.”
With arch brows she bit her lip, “Where are you going?”
“I’m going to make sure what we started ends the way the king wanted it. I’ll personally escort the child to TowHummy.”
“Oh! Thee if they would try to kill the king…?” She stressed.
“Not to worry, I’ll be careful. You just take care of him and stay away from the wine.” He dashed from the room.

18
The next morning Gabby stood in the courtyard reluctant to leave without seeing Farah to say goodbye. Thee closely watched over everything and everyone. Besides her carriage and TowHome soldiers, there were carts of beautiful things and crowds of people pushed to get a look at her.
As the crowd grew, Thee was anxious to get moving, “Trust me madam, you must leave and leave now.” He mounted his horse and led the small caravan out the city gates. They had not gone far when he spotted Becka and two of her handmaids advancing on horseback. He was suspicious and fell back to deal with them.
They encircled and danced their horses close around him, flirting, flashing their breast and giggling, but not to his delight. “Lady Becka, may I suggest you return to the palace as your presence is not required or desired here.”
The giggles became vicious hissing, and to Thee’s disbelief they pulled daggers. Before he could defend himself, they stabbed him multiple times, mortally wounding him and he fell.
Becka and her evil handmaids stopped the caravan and joined Gabby professing to be her friends. Boarding her carriage, they smiled like harpies. Uneasy and surprised she ask the strange women, “What are you doing here?”
“You didn't know?” Becka answered, “The king sent us along as peace emissaries. We are to learn more about your people as you did ours.”
“Really? He said nothing about it. I didn't notify anyone you were coming.”
“Oh, they were informed, they’re expecting us.” She pulled a fan from her pocket to cover her devilish sneer. “So, what’s it like at TowHummy?”
Gabby felt a bit uneasy with this person, Farah would have been her choice, but who were these three she wondered. Out the window soldiers led the beautiful Lum horses to TowHummy.
Well not the same. I mean there aren't as many people as you have here. We actually have work and strict training. Still uneasy, the blood stains on their dresses caught Gabby’s eye. And with a cringe, she pointed, “The red stains, it looks like….”
“Oh, berry juice,” Beska interjected, “What a mess. We were having so much fun. That's how we almost missed you.” The three smiled.’
“Well, tell us princess, tell us about your family and your uncles. Are there lots of young men our age.” They giggled.
Gabby relaxed with the thought, if they wanted to kill me, they would have done it already. Before long they were all laughing like good friends. What she couldn’t see was the glare Becka gave, watching her jewelry sparkle so nicely on the TowHum princess.
If Becka didn’t have a bigger mission, indeed Gabby would be dead.

19
There was a gentle knock on the door in the king’s room, then Maloney swirled in with a smile and a giggle. But when she saw Farah and the king lying so still, she quickly ended her joyful arrival. She stood at Morgens bedside stunned at his condition. “What’s wrong with him, and what are you doing here?”
As a blue lady, Farah was an odd choice for a nurse. Blue ladies were keepers of knowledge, books, and records. None were married and they lived in an isolated spot on the palace grounds. The physician had arrived earlier giving her a chance to inform her blue sisters and bring back a load of books and information.
But Maloney had a mind for none of that. She was a special person, only because the king favored her. But if he was sick or should die, she would quickly fall from grace.
“I’m caring for the king he is ill.” Farah replied, “It looks like someone poisoned him. Maybe you…” but before she could finish her question as to whether she knew or saw anything strange, Maloney interrupted.
“Me? Why I would never! What about that TowHummy? She was sitting next to him too. It must have been her!” Frantic over the sad possibilities facing her if the king should die. She ran off mumbling and accusing the princess of poisoning the king.
But Farah worried not, this was the kind of thing that Thee would take care of with the snap of his fingers. Behind the scenes, he ran everything and most likely he would see to it that Alexious would become the new king should Morgan die. She went back to her books and waited for the physician to return so they could discuss what she had discovered.
Not long after, Alexious burst into the room, causing her to jolt to her feet. “So how is he, the same?” He stood over his bed very cold and unconcerned.
“The same.” She answered.
“What did the physician say? He looked over the king as if he were a piece of furniture.
Something was going on here but she was assured Thee would put his foot on the neck of it. “There’s not much he can do.” She replied.
“Oh, keep me informed, I want to know the moment he,” catching himself, “there is any change.”
Farah nodded, but before he could leave, she asked, “Have you seen the kings first council? I think he should be kept aware of his condition also.” Not to mention she was curious as to what he may have discovered. Was it poison and who did it and why? He had taken the kings goblet with him, what had he found? And what about the young princess, she smiled in her mind.
“Oh, don’t bother,” He spoke indifferently, “He was fatally stabbed outside the city gates when your little TowHummy left yesterday. It’s starting to look as though she has been quite busy.”
“That little girl to do all this? You need a better story than that.” Disgust covered her face.
“Oh, I’ll have one, and by the way I have already appointed Lukon, as the new king’s consul. He knows you were very close to that little TowHum, if I were you, I would shut up, stay hidden here and take care,” he looked at the king. “By the way have you seen Becka?”
He was far enough so he couldn’t see she was shaking. “No.” With that he bounced out of the room.
The book in her hand fell to the floor as a wave of fear cut her breath short. Like Maloney, her life may depend on saving the life of the king. With Thee gone, it was as if she and Morgan were locked in his room, in absolute darkness. Even her blue sisters wanted nothing to do with the situation after she suspected poison. And who could blame them, she thought. We live such quiet, shut in, simple lives. This was mind numbing.

20
Alexious found Lukon busy going through Thee’s personal property in the council room. “The plan was for the handmaidens to taint the wine for the Feast of no Wine. Everyone drinks it. At which point who could stop us?” He turned to Lukon with his hands open with questions, “So why did she go? There was no reason. She could put herself in danger. I love her,” He turned away and shook his head, “but she’s arrogant, pigheaded, rude, greedy and selfish, and now it seems to have rubbed off on me. How long will my uncle be sick?”
Lukon stopped his rummaging. “When exactly is this feast, in a few days? By then the ship will be docked. Don’t get so upset. Relax, soon everyone in the region will think they are dying but us, and we will do as we please.” He moved a large ledger to a sack full of Thee’s belongings he was confiscating, “Once they start to fall, the girls are to tell them we have a cure. This is how we get in. It’s just that simple.”
Alexious poured himself some wine, looked at Lukon and changed his mind. Then Lukon picked it up and drank from it. “As an extra precaution I gave them a mawsthetic hormone. Valley men find it completely entrancing. Put that with the wine and doors will fling open. In a few days we will tear that wall they built down.”
“Again, how long before they recover? Alexious demanded, with a wrinkle in his brow, suddenly wondering if Becka had used the hormone on him.
“Maybe 6 days. By then we should be well out to sea.” Lukon smirked.
“A servant rushed in, interrupting their conversation. He bowed his head.
“My prince, the king of the Cods and scores of his people are dead.”
“What! What! Don't, don't, don't tell me they were poisoned.” Alexious covered his ears and squinted his eyes screaming. His face flushed red, he dashed back and forth, beating his forehead. Lukon was stunned at the fit of rage Alexious was having.
He whirled around, shaking his finger, gritting his teeth and yelling. “You did this, you and that monster.” He whined, “Why! Why did I listen to you? I’m a murderer, a mass murderer. I killed a king. What about my uncle? I may have killed him too. They were just supposed to get sick.”
The servant took notice, thinking he knew something he backed away, but Lukon motion for him not to leave. So, he stayed and watched the humiliating scandal unfold. He would have to be paid quite handsomely to keep this cat in the bag.
Lukon grabbed Alexious by the shoulders, frowned in his face and shook him silent, “No one knows where the wine came from. There is no reason to think you did this. I’m sure of that. Pull yourself together.”
With a wild look in his eyes, Alexious jerked away, “You, you stay away from me!” and he stormed out of the room.
Lukon stared at the door for a moment, then finished off his wine and poured two goblets and turned to the shaken servant. “Horrible news. You understand how important it is to keep this secret? You will be paid generously for your silence. He pulled the ruby ring off his finger and handed it to the servant. Who nodded and put it on with a smile.
Let’s drink to our little secret. Lukon picked up the two goblets and handed the servant one. The servant looked at the wine and Lukon suspiciously, and took Lukon’s goblet causing him to chuckle, “Oh, so it’s like that. Who could blame you?” He guzzled the wine and the servant followed.
Lukon watched him for a moment as he started to stumble and go faint, crying, “But it wasn't sweet.”
“No, I needed something much more fast acting. Now the plague has its first victim at Sawtee. How could poison have come from here, when we are dying too! The plague must have started with the Cods.” Lukon, knelt down and wrenched his ring off the servant’s finger, mumbling, “Sorry, but I like this one too much.”

21
After being given the remains of a very old bottle of healing water and having certain wild herbs rubbed onto the bottoms of his feet, Farah and Roney the physician, waited all night for a sign the king had improved.
That morning Roney sat at his bedside, while Farah stood by tentatively. “His fever seems to have broken. Hopefully he comes around. A long fever like this can do a lot of damage, but I’m optimistic.” He raised a brow.
Farah took a breath, “Thank heavens. We’re so alone in all this. I’m not sure what to do. Basically, we’re just hiding out here.”
As he prepared to leave, he assured her with a whisper, “As long as they think he’s dying, I think we’re okay.”
“I wonder if the child made it safely to TowHummy? If not, they could be on their way here to slaughter us all.” She whimpered in fear.
Roney dropped his eyes for a moment, “Thee is indeed dead, I saw his body with multiple stab wounds. He had red hair in his fist. Becka and her girls are missing. What does that tell you? Someone poisoned the Cods, even their king is dead.” Farah covered her gaping mouth in horror. As she started to panic, he took her hands and looked into her eyes, “But if the child had been harmed, we would have heard about it by now. I’m sure she made it.”
Farah looked off in wondered, “I need to send a bird to my sister. I’m not sure what those girls are up to, but I’m sure its evil.”
As he slipped out the door, he warned, “Stay here and be watchful, remember if any one ask the king is surely dying and we can do nothing. I’ll be back when I find out more.”
She bid him to take care, without Thee, he was all she had.
Later that morning, Meloney swished into the room, looked at a startled Farah and then her king, fell to her knees at his bed with hopeful eyes, “Is he any better, is he going to die?”
Farah was speechless, seeing how upset the woman was, she didn’t want to lie but… Saying nothing did the trick. Meloney berried her face in his bed and wept unconsolably. Without telling her he had improved she did her best to convince her to be strong and that there was still hope.
Farah realized she had been correct, their lives depended on saving the king. They weren’t adversaries they were allies and needed each other desperately.

Part II

SIT AND TELL ME EVERYTHING

22
In the past twenty years the TowHummy had moved mountains of limestone and built the most humongous magnificent stone fortress. The walls stretched from one range to the other, and the new palace surrounds the healing lake. They have opened their doors to scholars from around the world that come to share stories from many cultures. The king and queen lived in the original TowHummy palace where the seed from the red sap tree has grown vigorously. Amazing things have happened in many years.
Prince Von stood on a huge open balcony with a spyglass watching the Lum horses and Gabby’s carriage arrive. “Look at that power, they are indeed august. What a waist. Of all the animals, only the majestic Lum horse is the most beautiful and cursed with a short wick of a life. There must be a way to save them.” He pulled away from the telescope. “Maybe some kind of special saddle would…”
His wife Donna interrupted, “What’s the use, you can’t ride one. Remember you tried, and almost broke your neck, and who’s going to break it for you?” she giggled, “Your father says there’s nothing he can do. He doesn't even want them here. He wants to know what you plan to do with Lum horses.” She loomed around watching him and people below waiting to welcome the princess home.
“They should run free, way back up on the north ridge.” He took another look, “She had to bring them, they would have been put down. They’re majestic beautiful.”
“I hope they won’t be so hard on her. She’s a wonderful child. I intend to let everyone know it.” She blurted with concern.

23
Most of the family was gathered in a large room off the balcony with a welcome home party for Gabby. Down below the people showered her with flowers as her carriage made its way to the palace.
When she reached the steps, her mother, father and oldest brother were there, offering kisses and hugs. They also welcomed Becka and the other girls. Up at the party, there was music and quite a crowd. The visitors were taken around and introduced to the royal family who made note of how seductive they were. The younger boys seemed taken with them, but the older men seemed skeptical and standoffish.
Von and his younger brother Gabe were off in a corner having their usual arguments. “Well the Sawtee ladies are certainly looking better these days. Von sized one up, with a smirk. “How long are they intending to stay?”
“I have no idea, even why they have come, who invited them? We need to find out.” Gabe’s eyes filtered the crowd picking them out. I’ll give them over to Jenny. She can watch their diet and whatever else they may need. I’d hate to send the Sawtee emissaries back dead, poisoned because they had dinner with us. Terry died last month. He was twenty-eight, there was nothing we could do. Of all the barries he could eat, why would he eat those, they don’t even taste good.”
“He wanted to live forever.” Von’s eyes followed his wife mingling. “Rumors kill.” I still don’t understand why you persist in bringing people here. The water has changed so they hardly have a chance of surviving. Very few children are born? So what! I could count the TowHummy that have died on one hand. It’s nature’s way of keeping the balance.”
We are blind to our future. What if this environment, our healing water our food suddenly becomes even too toxic for us? Some wonder if we’re still human. Doesn’t that bother you even just a little?”
Von chuckled, “Personally, I would say, it’s about time, and you can’t complain either. You look rather good for your age, little brother.”
“It’s always funny to you isn't it?”
“It wasn't funny 10 years ago when thirty-eight people, some were children, died.”
“We had no idea that could happen. We thought we were helping, and no one was forced.”
“It’s been 10 years and still they die, Terry. Was he your last success story? Seriously brother, it needs to stop. Relax, enjoy it while we have it.”
“Ha,” Gabe bounced back, “You can’t talk. You and Donna after all these years, why don’t you just give in and bring her home.”
“I’ve caved,” he touched his heart. “I told you I’ve tried. She loves watching me hand her my heart. You should see the look on her face when she grabs it, then takes a big bite and throws the rest. I once asked her, if we should live forever, can you love me that long? Huh.”
Gabe laughed, Von went back to watching her, “Look at that. What do you want to bet she knows where my eyes are right now, whenever I get a chance, even when she catches me.” Von exhaled and turned back to his brother. “So mean.” Changing the subject, he asked, “Is father or mother coming? I heard one of the little Sawtee creatures asking, where’s the king.”
“I doubt if father will bother, all things being back in order. But mother will most likely, if only to have an audience with Gabby. Strange, Blair’s children were monsters when they were small except for Gabby. She waited.” They laughed.
Spotting a sliver of yellow, the color of Gabby’s dress, surrounded by well-wishers, Von tilted his head. “Don't you just love her? Look what she’s done, arrives with Sawtee peace emissaries, and she single-handedly saves the world by stopping the transport of Lum animals. I hope mother comes without the salt.” They passed a Tow smirk.
Donna weaved her way to Carla, Gabby’s mother. “Do you have any idea how suddenly radiant you look? I wonder who could have put such a glow on your face.”
“Ahh,” She placed her hand over her forehead, “I am so relieved. I haven't taken a breath in days. Finally, she’s home safe.”
Donna added, “I wanted you to know I put in a few good words for her. Mother’s coming.” Carla gave a deep sigh. “Not to worry. I whittled her down to half her size.” They snickered.
“You know Gabriella was with me when designed the Gayla Gardens two years ago. How come no one remembers things like that? We have her likeness hanging in our main hall.”
“Along with your own children?” Carla asked surprised.
“Our young people tease her so much, snowball this and that. It’s no wonder she has a few episodes here and there. People talk about the king and my Elleyn, ghost with a shadow. I hope she’ll be as strong as he is when she reaches his age.”
Donna hugged Carla, as she looked as if she were about to cry, “She’s a wonderful child and we adore her.”

24
Blair and Gabby slowly walked down the hall toward the great double doors at the end. Him with his arms behind his back and her with her hands in her pockets. Neither said a thing.
At the door Blair asked, “Would you like me to wait for you?”
“Wait for me?” Gabby gasped with eyes wide, “You’re not going in?”
“Not this time. Your mother and I decided your old enough to stand up for yourself.”
“But I’ve never been in this much trouble, this is the worst.” She dropped her head.
Blair lifted her face and looked into her sad eyes. “My only little girl, I will never let her hurt you, nor would she want too. We just don't want you to hurt you.” She cracked a wilted smile, and her father continued. “Now chin up, be strong and face the queen. This is a new experience for you. Regardless of the reasons, you’ve had a private audience with her more times than most. She came all this way just to speak with you. See how important you are?”
He snickered and she whimpered and giggled at the same time. “Stop it’s not funny.”
She stood outside the door for a moment and then looked back at him, opened the door and slipped in. The door closed loudly behind her. Inside she stepped quietly forward like a mouse facing a cheese trap, and bowed.
Queen Kissna sat in a thrown chair, with her Towten blue taffeta dress spread out perfectly. Her look was exact and exquisite as always. Her head now white, not like Gabby’s but from old age and trauma. Never the less not a hair was out of place. And like a huge knuckle on her boney hand, the world ball ring was still on her finger.
Kissna had her nose in a book when a small voice said, “Queen mother, you called for me?”
The queen slammed the book shut with a scowl, “Of course I did! Did you think you could cause such a horrific ruckus and not hear from me? You’re lucky I came and not your grandfather.” She put the book on a nearby table. “Sit! I must say Gabriella, just what are we to do with you? You painted your cousin, took off without permission and almost caused a war.”
She sat like a cornered cat, as her grandmother continued to rant using her hands to enhance the situation. “You have no idea the torment your parents and for that matter the whole family has gone through. In fact, the entire countryside was upset over what happened. Special meetings were called on how to tactfully handle your safe return. The vaults were opened, our army was preparing for war.”
There was silence until she finally asked, “Well, what do you have to say for yourself?”
Gabby threw caution to the wind, after all she had never been treated so kindly until Farah took her under her wing. Maybe life for her would be better in the Sawtee.
She stood up with her hands folded. “I’m so sorry. I didn't want to make such a mess of it. James was supposed to help me in the grand library but as usual he just fell asleep, and left me to do all the work. I had no idea those spots wouldn't wash off.”
Like her grandmother, her hands started to help explain. “And I already had the horse I decorated. I just wanted them to have it. “They are my only real friends.” Her voice got faster and higher. The queen studied her closely.
She dropped her head and went on, “At first I didn’t know what those horses were. And I had planned to be here the next day, but they grabbed me on my way home. It was the one man that…”
“Ok child I understand…” The queen interrupted, but Gabby kept rambling, with none of what she was saying really making any sense.
“And James is one of the worst. He’s an instigator. He gets them started chanting snowball, snowball louder and louder. I hate it. I don’t even want to live here anymore. Nobody at the orphanage treats me like that. I was just ….”
“Silence!” the queen shouted. “Gabby was stunned back into the moment. Blinking her eyes, her mouth fell a jar. “I’m trying to apologize for them. Sit, sit. You my dear, are just the beginning of strange and unusual side effects we may all experience as a result of living here. We may all be just as lovely as you.” Gabby’s eyes widen with surprise.
The queen looked off in thought. “When I was born, I had an abnormal halo in my eyes. I admit it was strange looking, as I had no color, just a black dot, but I could see just fine. The villagers hated me, they called me a little witch and blamed me for everything, said I was born evil. They tried to make my own mother slay me, and the way my father looked at me, I never looked back.”
“Finally, there was so much clamor, my mother pretended she killed me, but hid me at a monastery. At first site they said I had angel eyes, and loved me. Did I ever want to go back home? No! But after a few years it faded away and my mother who came to visit me on my birthdays, planned to bring me home.”
“But before she could, our village was attacked, and burned to the ground. There were refugees banging at the monastery doors, but way too many too care for and they were turned away. Then my sisters arrived, carrying my dying mother. They were my sisters and for that reason they were allowed to stay. I am queen today, only because of my weird spooky witch evil eyes.” They giggled.
“So far your glow may have saved the rest of the world from Lum. How bright is that? On one hand I want to scold you and on the other hand if you hadn't been there who knows what the cost may have been, the poisoning of the rest of the world?”
Queen Kissna took a deep sigh, and with a no nonsense voice passed judgment. “Your punishment shall be 10 days contemplation. You will think of how much trauma was caused by your actions. Next, 90 days hard labor…”
Gabby gasp, her hopeless eyes glossed and she sunk. “But…?”
The queens glare cut her short, as she continued, “At the monastery, and I mean hard labor. I will request conformation from your cousin. I will speak with your father to make sure proper provisions are taken.”
“Oh grandmother.” Gabby jumped from her seat with joy. “I will never get in trouble again. Honest!”
“See to it you don't. Now, push your chair over here and tell me everything you saw and heard in Sawtee. I want to hear every little detail!”

25
Rory, Prince Von’s son, entered his father’s office, which had now become a huge library with very high walls, with books, marked with dates. Von was seated at his desk writing. There were stacks of books on the floor and everywhere.
Rory was carrying a stack of disheveled papers himself. “Good morning father, here’s everything so far.” He plopped the papers down on the desk in a clean spot.
Von looked up, “No! No! Damn it!” he griped, “I’ll never get out of here. You know I just cleaned that spot.”
Rory laughed, “Sorry, if I didn't have to teach, you know I would help. Why don’t you get Neal to give you a hand? He keeps all the other books.”
“No, these particular ones, I like to keep, your mother and I to be precise. That’s how I know exactly what’s going on here. Yes, it’s mostly simple day to day stuff, but it puts me in the middle of everyone’s business.” He busied himself back at his work. “I would bring the counts and the books would be done in a snap.” He murmured, “Now look at this mess. I never see the sun, and she never offers to lift one finger to help.”
“I just don’t understand you and mother, what’s this really about? So what if you yelled at the dog and it shit. It would take a lot more than that to make me move out.” He crossed his arms and leaned against the desk.
Von stopped working and pointed his quill at his son, “Like me telling you to get rid of all those monkeys? I've asked you to do that how many times. You need to be like your grandmother, just two cats and no more. Preferably the same sex of course.”
Rory raised his brows, “You said as long as they stayed in our wing it was ok.”
“That was two years ago. How many do you have now? And they aren't contained in your area. I've seen them everyplace, but my wing, lucky for them. If you don’t get them under control, I will.”
He went back to jotting. “Really son, you could sell them or better yet give them to your grandfather. He could use them in his alchemi.” He snickered and Rory stared at him with a grimace.
“By the way,” He stopped his work and pointed his quill again. “When you go there, make sure you tell your grandfather, I know about that fire he had.” He frowned and tilted his head, “What the hell are they making over there anyway? Did he quit taking your blood? I told him to stop.”
“I didn't mind.” Rory shook his head, “It was for a good cause. He claims living here has made us, as he puts it, not so human any more.”
Von raised a brow, “Well I’m not complaining, neither should he. We would both be dead by now, and even you would be feeling a little creaky. So if he finds something that makes us human again, I don't want any.”
“I’m the only one to have children with an outlander.” Rory smirked, “He says we’re going to disappear if something doesn't change.”
“Son, It’s already too late. We can’t live out there and they can’t live over here. I can live with that.” He went back to logging.
Rory changed the subject, “You should see the new day stones they've created. It has silver in it. They're brighter and hotter and last a lot longer.”
Von looked around the room with a sigh, “How can I ever get over there to see anything with all this? And what does your mother do all day anyway? Tell her I said to get her, … never mind.” he pulled the corner off the sheet he was working on, and jotted something down and pushed it over to Rory, “Here, give this to her.”
Rory leaned over to read it. “I’m not giving her that! You give it to her!” they both had a hearty laugh as he made his way to the door, then had an afterthought. “By the way, grandmother has about 20 cats now.” Von dropped his quill, his eyes were like saucers and his mouth fell open in shock. Rory laughed and slipped out the door.

26
As the royal families grew, their palace became a little tight. Rather than each part of the family having their own manor home, they decided on one location, built like a family tree with room for growth.
Two things the TowHum had plenty of was time and rock. Builders from birth, they time honed their talents, and the new palace was called Opela, as large amounts of Opel was found in sandstone when quarrying the rock to build it. Inside, in many spots it was polished and displayed in its original stone as part of the wall. But not to be out done, the village of wooden homes were also replaced with stone. The roads were of stone. The gate was a huge pivoting wonder of stone. The city was renown around the world for its architecture and its science. There was plenty of time to be innovative, and Lapuslandee was the place to go to find the latest marvel.
The King and Queen stayed in the original TowHummy palace. And for the last few months Donna, separated from Von, had joined them. Rory made his regular rounds which included a visit to see his grandmother and mother.
He walked into the room where Donna stood by the fireplace that had no logs, just glowing stones. “Good morning mother.”
She kissed him, “Good morning my dearest. How’s your father this morning?”
“Grumpy as usual. Mother, would you ever consider giving him a break with the books?”
“No.” She stood by the fireplace rubbing her hands. “Well maybe one day but not yet. Don't tell him that though.” She shook off a shiver and turned to him. “I’m so cold, I just can’t seem to get warm anymore anywhere.”
Rory frowned with curiosity, “Mother, it’s hot in here. The fire place looks like the sun.” He gave her a quick study, “You look fine, but maybe you should talk to Michael.”
“Never mind, I don’t really like his remedy.” Donna’s eye caught Gordon, a much younger suitor, out the window. He was taller than her husband, but much thinner. “Oh no, here comes Gordon. I can’t believe he won’t just give up.”
Rory took a look, and was delighted to see she wasn’t smiling. “He has flowers. Did father ever give you flowers?”
“Aw yes,” she smiled softly, “and so many other most wonderful things.” Her son raised a brow, confused and she hugged him. “Don’t worry, and don’t try to understand it.” She snickered.
Understanding enough, he stepped back, “I’ll greet him.” Rory left as if he were going to give Gordon a piece of his mind, but on the way, a handmaiden playing with a kitten stopped by the cat room and dropped it off. He had an afterthought, and went into the room. He emerged with a white chair, that he sat in the patio receiving area, where Gordon was waiting at the door.
When Rory answered it, Gore was a little taken back. Oh, it’s you my prince. I was expecting your mother.” The flowers quaked in his hand.
Rory smiled, “I’ll get her.” He invited him in. “Here, have a seat.” He directed him to the white chair.
Gordon suddenly felt more relaxed. “Well thank you.”
“Mother, your guest awaits you.” He bowed with a guiding hand toward the waiting room wearing a smirk.
“Oh, Rory I hope you weren't rude to him.”
“Mother,” he sounded surprised, “I got him a chair and everything.”
Gordon jumped to his feet, and fell to a knee, at the sight of her. “My lady,” He kissed her hand, then presented her with the lovely flowers. “These were so beautiful, every time I saw them, I could only think of you.”
“Oh, the color.” She cried and beckoned him off his knee, “Thank you.”
“I was hoping you may want to see where they came from. It’s a beautiful spot, just up the mountain side.” He smiled showing all his teeth.
“Oh, sounds charming,” she took a step back. “But I have a lot of, a, record keeping to catch up on, perhaps another day.” She lied.
“Perhaps tomorrow?” he raised his brows hopefully.
She put the flowers to her nose to cover her next lie, “Sorry, I doubt that I’ll be done by then.”
Rory, eavesdropping from the hall, decided it was time to return, and when Gore saw him, he thought it might be time to cut his visit short. “Well, in that case my lady, I will take my leave.” He kissed her hand and backed out the door. As he turned to walk away, the back of his pants were covered with white cat fur.
Donna and Rory’s mouths fell ajar, as the two muffled their laughter. They close the door in hysterics.

27
Many years ago, Rory went on a great adventure in the Outland. One of the stories in their books of life, tells of Lisa. She was a young orphan who interfered with his mission and wound up stealing his heart. This relationship advanced the arrangement Farah had with the blue ladies and Sawtee in the outland.
Rory sat at the dinner table with his wife and three sons, Jordan sixteen, Keevin fourteen, and the youngest Rubin only three, in his mother’s lap.
The servant ladled a creamy soup into the bowl in front of him. He inhaled the aroma, picked up his spoon and looked at Jordan, “I’m getting too much flack about those monkeys. Tomorrow you and Sal gather and cage them up outside until I can decide what to do with them.”
He had their attention, even Lisa asked, “You wouldn't kill them?”
“Why all the sad faces. Their meat will add a new delicacy to the dinner tables. Rory kept eating then glanced at Lisa with a straight face. “What? You’ll still get to keep one. So pick a favorite.” Rory laughed but no one else got the joke. Then Lisa burst out laughing and pointing at the boys. Then they all started laughing. Even the baby banged his spoon on the table. Rory shook his head. “I’m turning into my father.” He wiped his mouth, “Nate, the merchant, wants them and I said yes. He said he can find nice homes for them, outside TowHummy.”
“How will we know that?” Jordan asked with concern.
“That's the beauty of it son… you won’t.” He gave a devilish smile.
“Father, you know, people really do eat them.” Jordan frowned.
“Well if Nate offers you a cup of stew, just say no, or if you’re feeling a little adventuress, say yes.”
“Lisa gave Rory a smirky smile. “Now that sounded just like your father. Rory leaned over and kissed her.

28
The next day Jordan was trying to catch the last monkey, as it had run off into an adjacent wing of the palace. The monkey was giving him a hard time, fighting and screeching. Hearing all the racket, Becka and her girls came out of their room.
At first a bit frightened, but then, seeing an opportunity, Becka asked, “What are you trying to do to that poor monkey?”
“Oh, sorry I disturbed you, but he shouldn’t be here. I’m trying to catch him.” He replied, a bit embarrassed.
“Let us help you.” She offered.
“Huh no, he could scratch you. He’s quite mean.” Jordan warned.
As the ladies approached, they frightened the monkey into his arms.
“Thank you.” he smiled surprised.
With Gabriella out of sight, their social interaction had fallen off. This was a chance to get closer. “I've seen you before, what’s your name again?” She smiled and came close.
“Jordan.” he beamed, as they surrounded him with their mysterious aroma.
“What a nice name Jordan. So Jordan, where are you taking the monkey?”
He eagerly answered, “Out to an empty chicken coop. We have to get rid of them.”
She drew closer and petted the monkey, who clung tighter to him. “Do you mind if we come along?” She asked.
He looked over the beautifully dressed ladies. “Yes, I mind, it’s not a place for you.” He started to walk off.
“Nonsense,” she insisted, “we are here to learn all about the TowHummy. Tell me is this barn where you store all your animals.” They followed him.
We have many barns to store lots of food. Even outsider food is stored in its own barn.”
She gasps. “Really! We would love to see it.”
He looked them over again and nodded, “Okay, it’s a way off.”
“Wonderful,” she smiled, “Then you can tell us all about yourself, your family and the TowHum on the way.”
“He raised a brow, “What would you like to know?”
“Well, the big feast is coming, isn’t it?”
“Yes, do you celebrate the feast of no wine?” He would have been surprised if she had answered yes.
“No,” the ladies giggled. “but tell me about it.”
“It’s a lot of fun. Hopefully you will be here to share that with us. For nighty days no one drinks wine, no one not even the king. During that time, you learn to appreciate it, and supposedly not abuse it so much. Now, if you get caught drinking during the nighty days, you are restricted from drinking for the rest of the year.”
“Truly, I guess when the day comes everyone drinks.” She asked.
“Just about,” he beamed, “but there’s food, music, dancing and games. They light a fire, a huge one, and we stay up all night. You will love it.”
“Then you must have a lot of wine stored up. Where would you keep that much wine?” she asked innocently.
Still excited from all the attention the ladies were giving, he reacted with a joyful, “I can show it to you. Would you like to taste it? Don’t worry it won’t make you sick, it comes from the outland.”
With eyes wide, she answered, “We would love too.” And the other ladies nodded.
Indeed, there were many barns, and they followed him into a green one with a large chicken coop full of noisy monkeys. But as he attempted to put the monkey in the cage, it got away. But before he left to catch it, he pointed to a wagon with barrels of wine. “Oh, here’s some, I’m sure they wouldn’t mind and I don’t think anyone will hold you to the laws of the feast. I have to go, that’s the last monkey I have to catch, so, help yourself, I’ll be right back.”
“Thank you, we will enjoy.” But from what they had seen earlier, they knew he wouldn’t be returning soon. They barred the door, tied up their skirts and got to work.”
When they were done with their evil deed, they left the barn and still, poor Jordan hadn’t returned. But in their sloppy haste, they left a barrel dripping wine onto a bag of grain lying against the cage.

29
Later as Jordan made his way down the hall to his family wing, he was intercepted by Becka. “There you are, did you ever find that rambunctious monkey?”
“I’m sorry if I took too long. My brother arrived and helped me catch him.”
“It’s okay, we had a taste of your wine and here I am. It was,” her eyes wandered, “light.”
“Light, really? Maybe that’s why we drink so much, but don’t be fooled, its knocked the biggest men down.” He laughed loudly.
“Is this where you live?” She looked around, intending to follow him to his door.”
“Yes, this is our wing. I’m surprised to find you here. Aren't you staying in the guest building?”
“Yes, but this place is so huge and magnificent, I can’t help but explore. I was also told I might find the princess Gabriella or Lisa here.”
“Princess Lisa? My mother?” he lit up.
“Your mother?” Her jaw dropped.
“Yes, let me take you to her. I’m sure she would enjoy talking with you. My mother has never gone back sense she came here. Her body has adapted well to our environment, so she can never really go back. I think I have an aunt living in the Sawtee palace.”

30
Jordan took her by the hand and she gave him and alluring gaze. The smile on his face flushed red. He moved in a little closer and inhaled her. As they entered the door, they could hear music. Lisa was playing the harp. Becka’s eyes widened as he led her to where the music was coming from and when she saw her playing such beautiful music she was stunned. Jordan proudly smiled, “Mother, this is Becka from Sawtee. Lisa stopped playing and the ladies smiled, nodded and with slight hugs they greeted each other.
Becka knew the story of the runaway slave, the lowest of lows that became a TowHummy princess. But when she saw her so lovely, refine, talented and surrounded in such luxury she was at a loss for words. This couldn’t be Farah’s sister, and she looked young enough to be her daughter.
The silence made Jordan uncomfortable, and he decided to escape. “I’m sure you have a lot to talk about, I’ll leave you two.” He glanced at them both as if he had handed each a gift, and left, believing Becka would most likely be asked to stay for dinner, and what a wonderful guest she would make.
Lisa broke the stillness, “I saw you at the welcome reception, but you were surrounded with new friends. I knew eventually we would make our way to each other. How is life in Sawtee these days. It has been years. I have never gone back.
Becka boorishly stood and strolled around the room, picking up objects grading their quality. “Why? I would think you would want to be with your own kind. It can’t be easy living here with such strange types, even if they did teach you to play music.” Her words stuck in her throat at the sight of a large family portrait.
Lisa answered joyfully, “Easy? At first, I felt awkward, but they made a great effort to make me feel comfortable. More than anything I found love.” She joined Becka at the painting and beamed at her handsome husband, Rory. “Here I’m a princess, in Sawtee, I was just trying to stay alive. My uncle tried to sell me, twice!” She laughed but Becka didn’t.
She examined her face closely, “How is it, the environment didn’t poison you? And you have children? I was told this is impossible.”
Lisa was taken aback, “I had a small reaction, but that was many years ago. I mean, I have been here over twenty years. But you know we were all the same people at one time.”
Becka’s tone had no kindness or respect. “Your life here is so sterol. That's why no one else can live here. You look amazingly better than your sister. She is older but you could be her daughter. Do you glow?”
“No, only a few glow, and you met one. Did you like her? She is special even among us.” Lisa spoke lightly, still trying to get the just of the strange woman.
Becka caught herself, and changed her attitude. How was she going to move around these people if they didn’t trust her? “She and I are best of friends, but for some reason they separated us. I feel lost without her. I was hoping we would be spending lots of time together.” She answered charmingly.
Lisa relaxed a bit. “Give it a while, I’m sure eventually they will allow it.”
“Allow it. What have I done wrong?” she lashed out.
“Nothing I’m sure, but the princess needs some time to recover.” Lisa could see something was not right.
“I guess I’ll just have to wait. But if I knew where she was staying,” she spoke cunningly, “I could at least send her a note to let her know how much I miss her.”
It was too late, Lisa had caught on, but replied kindly, “Be patient young one. I’m sure you'll see her soon. We have a high holiday coming. I know Gabriella, she’s like her mother, she loves to celebrate. Now tell me about my sister. You must have seen her. I’m told she’s a favored blue lady.”
“Yes, she looks a lot,” she studied her face again, “I mean a lot older then you.”
“I guess blue ladies have no children or families. Her child would be about your age?”
“I don’t know, they would be nobody. I wouldn't know them if I did see them.” Irritated with envy and getting no place, she took a deep sigh, and decided, “I have to go.” But not being sure if she may need to use her in the future, she turned on the phony charm again. “It has been nice talking with you. I will be sure to tell your sister you looked well.”
There was something malevolent about that smile, as she rushed out the door, and Lisa would not be eager to see it again.
Later: Jordan returned excited, he found his mother standing in a window overlooking the garden, his eyes searched but she was alone. “Mother, Becka, did she leave already? Was I gone that long? I ran back. I wanted to hear all the stories, you must have shared some good ones.”
She turned to him with a blank expression. “No, she left abruptly.” She handed him a note. “Jordan, I want you to stay away from her, and I don't want her in our wing until I can speak to your father. She shouldn't be wondering around anyway. I need you to take this note to the guest building blue woman.”
Jordan’s mouth fell ajar. “Mother what is this all about, did she insult you? What did she say?”
“No nothing like that. She just acted a little strange that’s all. Here, just find Lilly, and give her the note.”
He took it, feeling confused, he frowned, “Mother you of all people should know how hard it is to be here and be Sawtee. That’s why I brought her to you. I thought you could make her feel more comfortable. Even us, being half Saw, we feel a little uneasy at times.”
She was surprised, as this was the first time she had ever heard this complaint. “Jordan! This isn't about you. Please just do as I ask. We can talk about it later. On your way back please check to see if I have any birds.” She narrowed and shifted her eyes in thought. “Maybe my sister can shed some light on this little wild stray.”
“Mother?”
“Jordan, please.” She gave a deep sigh as he quietly slipped out the door.

31
The next morning, Von was busy in his office, hammering away at his books, when Rory entered. He barely glanced up, “Good morning son, no records from the north side?”
“It’s a good morning for you father I’m sure!” He leaned over his father’s desk with a scowl and full of sarcasm. “A wonderful day in deed now that your pest are gone. I hope I never become bothersome to you. My entire wing could wind up dead.”
Von looked up puzzled, “Who’s dead?”
Rory leaned in, “The monkeys of course.”
“What, how?” Rory, you don’t seriously think I would do a thing like that?”
“Father, you’re the only one who hated them, everyone knows that. How do I explain this to my sons? How do I tell them their grandfather slaughtered their pets?” He stood back and shook his head, “Damn it! If you had just waited another day. Why do you think I had them all round up? Nate came to collect them this morning.” He opened the door to leave and found Blair about to knock.
He glanced beck at his father disgusted, “Only I won’t even describe what he found.”
“Rory!” Von cried, as he watched him slip past Blair and out.
Prince Blair closed the door. “Ha, I don’t think I have ever seen him that angary.”
“He thinks I had something to do with killing his monkeys.”
Blair chuckled, “Well, no one loved them as much as you did.”
“Do I look like I have time to kill some stupid nasty monkeys?”
Von threw his quill on the desk staining a document, he leaned far back in his chair. “I just don't understand. I spend all day slaving away at these books and no one appreciates it. Instead they think I’m out killing monkeys. Maybe I should put that in my books. Today I, as Rory put it, slaughtered, what, how many are there? Thirty?”
Blair tilted his head in thought, “I think twelve.”
Slaughtered just twelve monkeys,” Von went on, “It’s suspicious though,” he frowned, “I want Rory to get to the bottom of it. If I didn’t do it?”
Blair raised his brows, “I was thinking the same thing, why, who or what killed them?” He cracked a smile. “Now that I know for sure it wasn't you. Speaking of suspicious have the Sawtee ladies dropped by yet?”
“No, I think the young boys have been keeping them busy. Strange thing, as beautiful as they are, they have a strange aroma, that just sickens me. I don’t remember Lisa ever having it.”
“I wonder if Donna would be glad to hear that. You know Gordon has been paying her visits. He brings her gifts I’m told. Bother you any?”
Von sat up, “No, if that's what she wants, she doesn't deserve me. Why don't the Sawtee creatures go after him? See how selective they are?”
“So it’s not just me, you feel it too. Like something’s off, but you have no idea what or where. I’m uneasy and I haven't felt this way in years. I sat extra guards everywhere, only they don't know what they’re looking for. Other than the monkeys, nothing is out of place.” Blair smirked. “Not even that wine bottle under your desk.”
Von crossed his arms, “That was you that planted that last year wasn't it? It back fired, Craig got it. I wondered why you defended him so desperately.”
They laughed heartily as Blair prepared to leave. “Keep your eyes peeled, you old Monkey killer.”
Not long after Blair had gone, there was a gentle knock at the door. “Come in.” Von, finally looked up and was surprised to see Becka slowly close the door behind her, and give him a look he hadn’t seen since his wife moved out. Now maybe he had a chance to find out what they were really up too, if he could stomach that smell and it was heavier than ever.

32
Rory and his brother Michael stood amid the dead monkeys. Around the corner a servant re-plugged the wine barrel properly. But a small river of it had already been soaked up by the sacks of grain lying near the cage, where the monkeys were able to reach and eat their fill.
Rory shook his head, “I don’t understand this.”
Michael knelt down to examine one. “No, it’s not making since to me either. There are no wounds on their little bodies. They had to have been poisoned by the grain, but they don’t usually eat it.”
Rory pulled on his whiskers. “Was it the combination of wine and grain?”
“I’ll examine one at the alchemi, and try to find out what it had been eating.” He picked up a hand full of grain and studied it.
“I will meet you there after dinner. Right now, I think I have an apology to make.”
Michael dusted his hands of the grain. He called the servant and told him to take one of the dead monkeys to his lab. Turning back to his brother, “Humm, yes, I think so. You owe him an apology. He would never waste his time doing this. He would make, you do it.” They snickered.
When Rory arrived back at his father’s office, he was rushed by Becka, who upon recognizing him, started whining, crying and pawing over him.
Oh, how could he,” She put her arms around him and laid her head on his chest, “just keep me doing that all day?” she pulled away and put her nose in the air. “I’m not his personal slave.” She threw her hair back, and ran past him and down the hall.
Rory stood stunned, blinking his eyes. Shocked and angry he jerked the door open looking for his father to confront him about his behavior. He found his chair empty, as well as the rest of the room. But all of the books had been stacked neatly. Rory could only burst out laughing.

33
The queen and Donna were enjoying tea, in the old palace when Rory appeared. His mother looked up surprised, “Son, you’re here rather late this afternoon.
“Yes,” he replied, “this dead monkey thing has set everyone on edge, especially with the boys.”
“You still think your father…” she started to ask with a frown.
He interrupted, “No, I’m sure he didn't. It looks like they were poisoned. He gave his mother and grandmother a kiss.
“Poisoned?” the queen questioned, “Why would anyone want to kill monkeys?”
“We have no idea. That's what we’ll be trying to find out tonight. I’m due to meet Michael and Elleyn in the lab.”
The queen suddenly turned to Rory and changed the subject, “What are you wearing? I mean that smell, it’s all over you.”
“I don’t know,” he chuckled, “perhaps, dead monkey?”
“No,” she replied seriously. “It’s a kind of sweet sick smell. Not sweet in an appealing sense of the word. Where were you last?”
Puzzled, Donna sniffed a few times, “I don’t smell anything.”
“Embarrassed, he moved back a few steps. “I just left father’s office, I went to apologize but he wasn’t there.” He chuckled again. “It seems one of the Sawtee ladies dropped in to give him a hand with his books.” He glanced at his mother to see if there was a response of any kind. One raised brow, was about it. “Well I guess I should be on my smelly way. I just stopped by to say good night.”
His mother reached out and grabbed his hand, “And we are so glad you did, my wonderful son.”
Rory smiled and slipped out the door. The queen’s eyes wandered in thought, “I know that smell, what is it? If I could just recall where… It’s so annoying.”
Donna shook her head, “Strange, I couldn't smell a thing, but he looks uneasy. I think this monkey business has him a little anxious.

34
It was already dark and Jordan still wasn’t done with all the errands he had that day. The dead monkeys caused such an uproar, his own father grilled he and his brother repeatedly as to whether the pets had shown any signs of illness. And set them out to question others and report to their uncles if they found anything. When questioned he was so caught up with the monkeys being dead, he didn’t think to mention the Sawtee ladies. But certainly, they couldn’t have poisoned the monkeys, why would they?
He was making his way through a rose garden and recalled how Goldie would jump out from behind a bush and frighten him when he was younger. It was a sad day. He was carrying a small cage with a bird that had a message for his mother.
Out from the corner of his eye, like a ghost in the dark, Beska appeared, startling him. Though he was passing the guest area, he didn’t expect to see anyone and especially her dressed in her night wear. He wondered if she recognized him. But yes, she did as she and the other two watched from the balcony of their room like spiders waiting for a meal. When word broke about the dead monkeys, she knew they could become suspect, so, she needed to know from this boy, how much did they know about the poison and weather suspicion was pointing at them.
Her garment made her look as though she were floating. Meeting a female dressed like she was, out in the garden at night would cause a social scandal and recalling what his mother had told him, his first thought was to keep moving.
But she was beautiful, and no one like her had ever given him the slightest attention. There was something absolutely mysterious and captivating about her gaze that excited him. What was she going to do or say next, he really wanted to know.
Was she just wondering around out there or was she after him? He quickened his steps and pretended to not see her, until she cut him off. “Jordan, Jordan,” she cried. “I thought that was your handsome face. What are you doing out here?”
He could somewhat see through her gown and when she saw him looking, she lowered her shoulder and allowed her robe to fall a bit. She parted her freshly painted lips and steadied her gaze on him. He felt the heat rise around his collar.
He fidgeted and looked away and around the dark garden. “I was just about to ask you the same question. What’s a young lady doing out here this late in her night clothing?”
She moved in closer, “I’m here for you, I wouldn’t be outside like this for any other stranger. You didn’t have a chance to tell me about Gabby, still no one will tell me where she is but I found you, that’s just as wonderful.”
He smirked at the flirt. “Gabby is usually on some kind of punishment, which would be one reason you couldn't see her but I bet she would love some company, and at this time of night I guess no one would notice. Take a deck of cards. She will play tell deep in the night.”
“Yes, yes,” she bounced with a lie. “We played all the time.”
Her eyes were like a cat in the dark, he couldn’t look away, it was as if he had just found his newest best friend. “In the main building, passed the document office, next to the small book room, is a narrow hallway, all the way to the end is the room for, the punished. She may be there.”
“Oh, thank you.” She rushed him and kissed him on the lips and held it to make sure her special aroma went up his nostrils and into his brain. When he leaned in for another, she gave it sealing the deal. Looking in his eyes she knew he couldn’t wait to see her again. She pulled away, “I’m so thoughtless, I completely forgot to ask you about the poor sweet monkeys. I was told they were poisoned. How is that possible? We were just playing with them yesterday and today they are all dead. I’m so sorry Jordan.” She managed to draw down a watery eye.
His heart was touched, how could this lovely lady have had anything to do with their deaths. “Yes, they were poisoned,” he spoke softly. “But my father and uncles are working diligently to understand what happened and they are deep in the knowledge and arts of the world. There is nothing that will not be uncovered. I suspect tomorrow we will know all.”
Becka gasp, but hid it by deflecting attention to the bird cage he was carrying. “Ah, what do you have there?” She leaned over to get a closer look and notice the band around its leg.
“A bird for my mother. By the way, what happened between you and her?”
Becka tried to look surprised, “What? I love your mother. Both of us having Sawtee blood running in our veins. That means you have it too. It’s no wonder I feel the way I do when you’re near. You’re so mysterious.” She looked into his eyes and twirled a curl around her finger. His mouth fell open but he couldn’t breathe. She dropped her eyes and looked off into the dark rose garden, “Maybe she thinks less of me because I’m Sawtee and she’s now a TowHum princess. I need to resolve any issues she has with me. What will her sister think of me, and what of my king? I am after all, an ambassador.
She looked as if she were going to cry, and he set the bird cage down and gave her a warm hug that squeezed the warm aroma up his nose. “No, It’s really late, I’m not sure she would appreciate an unexpected visitor, maybe tomorrow.”
“No,” she pulled away and persisted, “She would understand. We are Sawtee women. Your mother needs to get in touch with some of her homeland loving ways. We have a saying, ‘Never lie down on a misunderstanding, it’s too hard to sleep on.’ Here let me deliver the birds as a peace maker and I’ll see you in the morning and all will be well, with all of us.”
Jordan’s eyes lit up. “Not only did he believe her but it had been a long day, he would be hitting two birds with one stone, he thought. Maybe she would even still be there in the morning. This would be wonderful as nothing is better for a young man than to hear stories of the outland.
He eagerly handed her the cage. “I would like that. What about gabby?”
“She took the bird, smiled and caressed his face. “Right now, this is more important. Okay? I’ll see you in the morning sweet boy. I need to let Jenny know where I’ve gone.”
Enchanted and convinced he was doing the right thing, he backed away. Unable to remove the smile from his face, he went about the last arran on his list, believing tomorrow would be a special day.
And Becka was thinking the same thing.

35
Rory came down a flight of steps that were carved from the cave wall and joined his brothers in the lab. The main attraction was an enormous pit filled with crystal stones of different colors. It had a massive tower in the center that reached into the heavens. Lightening would travel down this tower and heat these special crystals and they would stay lit for days, some giving light and others, heat. Crystals set in the wall kept the place bright day and night. Michael and Elleyn were studying a dissected monkey’s body.
Rory looked disgusted. Elleyn joked, “What’s wrong brother, no taste for monkey meat?”
“Certainly not poisoned monkey meat. So, what did you find?” The three brothers stood silent for a moment with eyes a wonder, as a strange breeze blew between them. It came from somewhere undiscovered in the cave, but it was like the freshest air. It was suspected as the reason the king spent so much time there.
Michael scratched his head. “We found grain and wine. Evidently our furry friend had a wonderful last meal. I can’t be sure what was poison, the wine or the grain. I’ve seen monkeys stealing wine so it could have been either one. Now tell him what’s really strange.”
Elleyn turn to a small open book with ink drawn pictures. “The culprit, I believe, is a tube plant. See how green his tissue is? That’s the tell tail sign that it is Sweet Damons.”
Rory shook his head, “Sweet Damons, what is that?”
“An old poison, from way before we were born. Long before we were TowHummy or even living here. A plant, from Dreamers Field, twelve feet tall, with a three foot cup full of a sweet elixir that, depending on its age, will put you to sleep, a deep sleep, or a sleep you will never wake up from. Other side effects are dizziness and vomiting. The story tells of how the plants were burned to save the children who were drawn to the sweet drink. It was used for medicinal purposes at one time, but it was just too hard to calibrate the dosage.”
Rory’s eyes rolled around in thought. “I know this poison. It’s the one that was given to mother and grandmother in the outland years ago. They were not sleep but paralyzed. Are you sure the monkeys are dead?”
All three looked at the one on the table, cut open. Elleyn snickered, “They ingested enough to stop their little hearts from beating. I will be testing the wine and the grain. By tomorrow I’ll know which one was tainted.”
“This still doesn’t explain how the monkeys got it. Someone had to bring it here. Or was it a bad purchase? We’ll have to investigate and find out where both the grain and wine came from before anyone else gets sick or nods off.”
“Especially the wine.” Michael shook his head, “Everyone will be drinking it at the feast in a few days.”
“Let’s meet here in the morning, first thing.” Elleyn replied, and his brothers agreed.
Rory picked up some speed, “Yes, I must get home. I haven’t been there all day. I’m sure Lisa’s dying to find out what happened to them.” As they headed toward the door, he knocked the cover off a large polished crystal lens with a blue tint. Its beauty left them speechless. Elleyn moved to cover it up.
“So, that’s the blue one?” Michael asked in awe.
“Yes, beautiful isn’t it? This one took over a year just to polish.” Elleyn rolled it back into a dim corner where there were others of similar size and different colors. “This one burns cool and leaves nothing, not even smoke. No animals, no trees or grass, no nothing, just dirt. On a good sunny day, he could take out the entire region.”
Rory’s mouth fell open, “He tested it?”
Elleyn answered solemnly, “At long-range. I’ve never seen anything so devastating. If you thought the yellow was potent, trust me, you have no idea. Rest assured; we are the most powerful people in the world.”
“What would happen if you used all of them at one time?” Rory asked.
“Hay slow down, but you should feel this, come here.” He uncovered two yellow lenses as Rory moved closer. “Here, stand right there.” He pulled him in between the two. “Feel that? And that’s just two, imagine all five.”
Rory’s body tingled all over, even his toes in his shoes. He quickly moved. “Good heavens!” His eyes bulged.
While the two stood in the dim corner with the lens, Michael pocketed a master crystal from the control panel.

36
In the middle of the night, Queen Kissna lay in her bed wide awake. Then spoke loudly, “That’s it.” She sat up, “Good heavens! Now I remember!” The king was lying next to her snoring, while she slipped into her shoes and heavy robe.
Moments later, the queen startled Donna awake. She was sitting on the edge of her bed holding a rock torch. “Donna, Donna! Wake up child.”
A little groggy at first, then alarmed, she cried out, “Mother, mother what’s wrong.”
“Tell me, Donna, do you love my son?”
“Well, he’s pigheaded, selfish and he takes me for grant…”
Kissna interrupted, shaking her head, she demanded, “Do you love my son?”
Even more alarmed, Donna cried out loud, “Oh, yes mother, what’s wrong?”
“Hurry, get dressed! I think your house is in trouble.”
Kissna stood, and Donna jumped out of bed and slipped into her shoes. “What?”
Kissna rushed to the door, “Hurry, I’ll tell you on the way.”

37
Donna and Kissna arrived with guards in the grand entry. It was dim and quiet. Donna ran off and up a flight of stairs, leaving Kissna behind. She ran down the empty halls, startling standing guards awake, until she reached the tall double doors of Von’s room.
She knocked lightly and whispered. “Von, Von open the door.” But there was no answer. This attempt to awaken him continued until she was banging and yelling, “Von! Open this door right now!” His slow response caused her to fear the worst, making her panic. “I demand that you open this door right this moment.”
Von was in no danger. He lay in bed wondering what she was up to. He wondered how he should handle what ever it was. She was alone, so surely it was personal. He got up, put on a robe, tied the belt, then groggily cracked the door. Blinking at the hall lamp that brightened his doorway, he asked, “What…” as she pushed past him. “Are you doing here at this time of night?” he yawned.
Donna grabbed and opened a rock lamp off the table, and held it high, then proceeded to search the room, looking first in his bed. Von stood in the middle of the floor with his arms folded and his hair a mess. “Can you tell me what you’re looking for?” he asked.
Oh, I know what kind of trouble a woman can get into if she finds you in your underwear. She held the lamp high enough to dimly light the entire room, watching for the slightest movement or sound.
“Well, if that’s what you came here for, wife, please, don’t let me disappoint you.” The tone was so rude and bold, it caused her to blush, but she kept her face turned so he couldn’t see.
He stepped up close behind her and pulled his belt loose. He put his hands around her waist and was about to turn her around when the door opened and light from the hall filled the room.
The silhouette standing before them was unmistakable. He pulled away showing all ten fingers, frowned, tied his robe back and in dry sarcasm, announced, “Oh, you brought mother.”
Donna lost her smile as if it were strictly business. Sharply, she spoke to the Queen, “There is no one here.”
A bit confused, but thinking she must have been looking for a lover. Von cried, “Huh, how do you know she didn’t just leave?”
Donna gasp, ran to the bed and sniffed the pillows and reported, “Nothing.” But after being separated for so long, his aroma was dizzying. But she kept the desire to herself.
Von had had enough. He ran his fingers threw his messy hair, “Alright, it’s the middle of the night. What the hell is going on?”
Kissna closed the door. “Your house may be in trouble. I’ll tell you while you get dressed.”

38
The three swiftly made their way up a flight of stairs to Rory’s wing, Von with his axe over his shoulder and with guards in tow.
At the top, Kissna was still rambling, trying to explain her unease, “I recall it being a peculiar concoction, used in the outland whore houses to lure in men.” She gave Von a puzzled look, “You’re sure you’ve never encountered it before?”
Down the wide and quiet hall, Von replied, “Mother, I can’t understand how Rory came from my office and was covered with it? I had…”
He stopped dead still. He wrinkled his nose and his expression frightened Donna and the Queen. He cried, “I smell blood!” Von dashed down the hall with the guards at his heels. The queen and Donna were close behind, with hearts a flutter.

39
Rory’s family wing was quite the presentation, a palace in its own right. Walls of tapestry and paintings, some done by his mother who had by now honed her talent to the title of fine artist. Rooms with columns copied from drawings from old books. Tall, ornately trimmed windows, huge mirrors and oversized furniture pulled it together impressively.
In the family’s center room, a large space where they spend most of their time, Von burst in and found Becka on the floor with a dagger in her chest. Her blood pooled around her dead body. Fear hit hard and Von felt his hair stand on end. It was a feeling he hadn’t experienced in years. His eyes flashed on a well lit corner where a woman’s body laid out on a large lounge with her head propped up on a pillow, with hands crossed as if she were peacefully sleeping. It was Lisa, covered in blood as if her throat had been cut. The dreadful horror cut his breath short. Nearby, the rock lights had been shut closed and Rory sat in the dark quietly staring at Lisa’s body.
The setting was dreamlike, a hellish nightmare in the dark and wee hours of the morning. Rory was mentally paralyzed, emotions so explosive, he couldn’t move. He couldn’t think clearly, he didn’t know what to do. In his life he had never experienced anything so horrific. In his day to day life of calm, the sheer shock of what he had only moments before endured, left him stunned still.
Von reached out and in a harsh roar cried, “Rory, what the hell went on here?” He shook him.
It was as if his son was half a sleep, or dazed, he looked up at Von, “The bitch killed my Lisa. If I had been just a moment sooner, just one moment. What, what do I tell my sons?”
But this was no time for wondering, Von’s stance had changed, his brow dipped deep, and sweat beads had formed all over his body. He gripped his axe by his side and pulled Rory out of his seat by the collar. “Where are the rest of them?” he shook him, dragged him out in the light and hollered in his face. “Son, pull yourself together.”
His father’s voice startled him awake, wide eyed he stuttered, “They could be anywhere.” He pulled his hair back, wiped his face on his sleeve, and cleared his throat, “Oh, but she was looking for Gabriella.”
Von heard a slight cry and found Donna in the doorway with her eyes stuck fast to the scene. Her hands covered her nose and mouth, she was rigid when Von touched her, then she slid to the floor as if faint. Von pulled her up and sat her in a large chair just as his mother arrived. She bounced at the door and gazed for a moment, whispered, “Thank heavens,” when she saw Rory was unharmed. She took a deep breath and helped Von seat Donna comfortably. Their eyes locked for a moment and it was understood, that he would take care of this.
A guard asked, “Should I sound the alarm?”
“No.” Von replied with a wild look in his eyes, “That would cause them to run and hide. Quietly gather guards, search the guest wing, comb the palace. They die tonight.”
Von and Rory ran for the small room near the library, leaving the queen with two dead bodies and footprints where her son and grandson had trampled through the murderer’s blood. As Donna lay trembling in her arms, Kissna cried out to one of the guards left behind, “Get me a fast messenger to the king.”

40
The narrow hall was dark. Von listened at the door and could hear voices.
In the very dim room, one of Becka’s maids had gathered Gabby’s jewelry into a pile and dumped it into a pouch, then started to braid her hair while looking in the mirror. “It’s taking too long. Why don’t we just chop off the bitch’s head, fill a bucket and get out of here?”
The other maid was on the floor next to the bed where Gabriella laid as if dead. She had lined up bottles to catch the glowing blood that dripped from the princess’s pinky finger. “No, she said, we must get every precious drop.”
The other maid twisted her braid on top of her head, “Where is she anyway? We have to be out of here long before daybreak and this…” A silhouette appeared in the mirror, and she turned around just in time to see Von take the head of the kneeling girl. Her shriek was bloodcurdling, as she watched the head toss into the air.

Part III

NO! THIS IS MY HOUSE

41
In the same large hall where the royal family gathered to welcome Princess Gabriella home, the family gathered again. The ladies found themselves in a nearby smaller room, where they could escape the angry debate over the disaster that had happened the night before.
There were at least fifteen women seated in small clusters where they discussed what had occurred and express their condolences. Queen Kissna, Donna, Carla and her sister Nina had gathered in the same corner.
Donna was rather tight lipped, while the others went on with their chatter as if nothing horrific had happened. They drank tea, ate cakes, and moved about. Carla seemed a bit edgy as she was still concerned about the recovery of her daughter, and moaned, “Michael said my Gabby will be fine, but last night when I looked at her, I could swear, most of her glow had faded. I can’t believe a thing like this could happen right under our noses.”
“It could have been all of us.” Kissna added, “We have become so comfortable surrounded by these strangers. We forgot and became too trusting. As a result, there will be changes, I’m sure.”
Nina leaned over and touched Donna on the hand, “Lisa has a sister in Sawtee? Will she be coming to put her sister away or claim her body?” The question caused a loud gasp in the room.
Donna lifted her head, “I don’t think so.” She spoke so softly the room went quiet so they could hear her clearly. “She has some other problems from what was gathered in notes she sent Lisa. She was trying to warn us. We think this may have been why Lisa was murdered.” The room erupted with murmurings.
“So sad, such a beautiful sweet little flower.” Nina shook her head, “You know, I hardly ever check to even see if I have a bird.”
“Well you should,” The queen added, “with Beth and Ruth spending so much time at the orphanage.” Nina gasp.
Kissna smiled, “Don’t worry, I read their birds all the time. As of yesterday, they were fine. But there are some strange things going on out there. It hasn’t been confirmed but…” she cut herself short as the rumor was far too frightening to repeat without knowing for sure. “I instructed them to return home immediately.” She looked off with a sigh. “Oh yes, change is coming.”
Donna went for another cup of tea, hoping it would make her feel more alert. But when she reached the table, where the tea and cakes sat so lovely, she bumped into the table and her cup and saucer rattled as she couldn’t keep her hand from shaking. Thankfully, she thought, the chatter was so loud, no one noticed. She slowly slipped out the door just in time, as a tear ran down her face. A servant approached, and she quickly turned away.
“My lady, is everything alright?” She asked.
“Oh yes, I’ve eaten too many cakes, they’re just so tasty. If anyone should ask, tell them I’ve gone for a little nap.”
The servant smiled, “Very good.”

42
Though there hadn’t been close relations with the Sawtee in recent years, it was much better than it had ever been. Prince Gabe had appointed himself Administer of Foreign Affairs. It was well excepted, seeing how he and Blair had patched the Towten and Hummy people together many years ago.
Until this incident, the people on this continent lived peacefully for years under the watchful eyes of TowHummy. Towhum was generous in times of need and they all were in some way indebted, which was slow to be collected. But more than any deterrent, was the well rumored stories of weapons of enormous destruction. Though no one had ever seen them at work, the word was out around the world, that they could destroy everyone and everything.
The conversation was loud and heated in the room where the men discussed their next move, while Rory sat in a corner speechless, looking worn and tired. He needed to be with his sons, but he had to be there, basically offering nothing. They gathered from hindsight, putting what pieces they had together, that Becka was an assassin and that Sawtee was under some kind of siege. Her king, still on his deathbed, leaving his nephew to rule.
“Try to be a little considerate.” Gabe spoke in a calm tone.
Von roared, “I am… compromising! I want the guest moved outside the TowHummy grounds, otherwise I would have all, yes, all removed for good.”
Gabe felt all his hard work was in peril. “Is that what we’re about now? Is that all we have to share with mankind? Are we just to become shut-ins with no clues about the outer world?”
Von leaned in Gabe’s face. “Do you really think I care?”
Blair interrupted, “We have overpaid them for years to keep the peace and this is the thanks we get… murder? They’re animals.”
Gabe was surprised to see Blair so irate, but he greatly favored Gabriella. Gabe could see he was on his own, no one else would fight for the outlanders. “Fine, but can we at least wait until we know exactly what happened? Right now, we’re not sure. Lisa’s sister claims the Sawtee king was poisoned. He’s not making these decisions. We can’t blame the masses for the bad decisions made by a few.”
Von loosened his collar, “You, more than most, know how small our numbers are, making every life beyond precious.” He poked his brother in the chest. “This can never happen again.”
Gabe stepped back, “All I’m saying is, we’ve made so much progress with our treaties and agreements. Let’s not be so hasty to go to war or hurt everybody, waist and lose everything.”
“Those treaties and agreements were made to help them,” Blair spat loudly. “And the whole story? Right now, there’s no doubt in my mind who the murderers were. It’s easy for you, it wasn’t your house! It was mine and Von’s!”
The room was stunned when the doors blew open and the king came in irate and roaring. “No! It was my house!” Mouths fell, and eyes opened wide. “There will be no peace treaties, all plans stop. How dare they come into my house and commit murder. I am capable of wiping out this entire region. I will enslave anyone left to work the mines. After all we have given and done for them, they plot to murder us. I’ll be done with them!” The windows literally rattled.
Von and Blair locked gaze, then put heavy eyes on Gabe, his shoulders dropped.

43
Donna moved from the old palace back into her chambers close to her husband and children. Von arrived early to escort his wife to a small private dinner. It had been a hectic day. He knocked at her door, and it cracked open just a sliver, Donna peeked out and looked behind him. “Are you alone?” she asked.
Puzzled, Von glanced around, “Yes.” She opened the door, she was still in her robe and looked horrible, like Von had never seen her before. Her skin was pale, and she had dark circles around her eyes. Von panicked, to him, she looked like she was dying? He grabbed her and closely studied her face. “You’ve been poisoned!”
“No, no,” she replied in a labored voice. “I have to tell you, I can’t go tomorrow. I can’t control my emotions.”
Von was disgusted, appalled, he let her go and asked in a sharp voice, “Did any one else see you like this?”
“No.” She stumbled back. “I’ve been hiding here alone. I start to venture out and then comes the pain in my heart and in my head.” She leaned on a dresser and looked at herself in the mirror. “I can’t stop crying. I don’t think I can make it.”
He stood behind her, looked at her reflection in the mirror and gravely demanded, “Donna, you can’t do that.” He slowly shook his head and locked eyes with her. “You, must be there, if anyone should see you like this!”
“No, no one must see me.” She pulled away from him. “I just don’t understand how I feel so much pain and no one else feels anything. It’s as if she was not gone, gone forever.” Her brows arched; her eyes watered and with all solemnity, tried to explain. “Was I the only one who loved this child? I thought you cared. Not even Rory has dropped his head. It’s because she was Sawtee isn't it? Well, what about our grandchildren? They’re half Sawtee. Do you secretly hate them too?”
Von tenderly grabbed her again. This time he held her close. She thumped his heart strings, as only she could do, just as she had when they were children. The frowning face turned into one of love and compassion. It dawned on him, just how isolated she had been. She had never seen anything like that bloody night. “You poor thing, you’re normal, we’re not. You grew up here, far from a world where the blood ran every day. We have seen so much death, we’re no longer fazed by it.” Granted it had been a while since he had drawn his axe, or dealt with such a site, but he would have no tears.
He pulled her back and looked into her eyes, hoping to make her understand. “Oh, it hurts, but the pain is to be channeled into a more productive energy. You can’t imagine what that kind of power can do on a battlefield. This thing has made us all step back into our old ways, with hearts of onyx.”
“But our children and grandchildren?” she whimpered and fell across her bed exhausted.
He joined her, cuddled her and he kissed her on the forehead. “Here, in my arms, release it. That’s why I’m here, for you, that’s who I am.”
She crawled up on him, her knees against his hip and her head on his chest, her fist at her lips, like a child. “When I’m not crying, I feel hate. What do I do with this darkness? My head pounds, it makes me sick.”
He ran his fingers threw her hair, “Channel it, I charge you my love… With writing the story of Lisa. Take all that pain and dark emotional energy, squeeze the blood out of every word and tell everyone how much we loved her.”

44
Von brought dinner back to her room and when he arrived, he found her father, Connor there. Connor was a refreshing site for Von and Donna was comforted and influenced by his wisdom.
The next morning, Von convinced Donna it was her duty to make an appearance, Rory and the children might need her, and if she missed saying goodbye to Lisa, she would regret it. She admitted that would be true.
Dressed formally, they made their way down the dim hall. Von recalled hearing his parents had also returned to quarters in the new palace. And though his wife looked lovely, her face showed signs of stress. Feeling a bit unsupported, he decided they should make a stop and perhaps all leave together.
They found the king and queen putting on their final touches. Seeing them dressed so fine made the king smile. The queen turned around, “Good morning my son.”
“Good morning mother.” Von leaned annoyingly into his mother’s face and darted his eyes toward Donna, who stood silently.
After a few try’s she caught the hint and glanced at Donna. “Oh! Look at your face! Good heavens!” The queen grabbed her by the hand like she was a child and pulled her into an adjacent room with light. As Von and his father talked, they could see the queen powdering donna’s face in the background.
The king adjusted his crown and asked Von, “So, when will our gift arrive?”
“Soon, soon, and Oh, I out did myself. I wrapped the gift, which should be quite ripe by now, in a blanket of woven gold. I placed it in one of Chad’s gold carved, stone incrusted drop-a-way boxes, a magnificent piece of art and engineering.”
The men chuckled and the king looked off in thought, “It’s been a long time since we’ve done anything like this.”
Von glanced in at Donna and his mother, and replied. “It’s been a long time since anything like this has been done to us.”
The king put his fist to his hip and snickered, “Remember when the Hummy started burning our villages in Larky Valley? Remember what we did?”
Von raised a brow, “Now that was disgusting.” He mixed a frown with a smile.
And the king raised his finger, “But they never did it again.”
And as the ladies emerged most lovely, the men gave each other a Towten smirk.

45
Dressed in their best, the TowHummy gathered to say goodbye to Princess Lisa. The courtyard was overflowing with villagers willing and ready to make the day trip to the old Towten Mausoleum. It was a rare chance to see the treasures of the old world.
Wrapped warmly, as the weather had never changed in old Towten and in the Lostmen Forest, had only grown deadlier. But Blair’s builders had engineered a massive bridge that made the once long, cold and dangerous venture short and safe.
The family mounted their heavily decorated horses and started the long slow trot to where Rory had prepared a place for his wife. The body was on a gold painted cart with many fresh flowers. She was dressed in her wedding gown that had been soaked in mandolyn oil and floralflints. It was a sad occasion but the blue ladies sang songs and the crowd joined along humming the upbeat romp. It had no words, but together with so many voices sounded heavenly.
It was noon when they arrived, and a brisk chill was rolling down the mountains. King Avery Bridge, named after Carla and Nina’s father, gave easy access from the new country to the old. The old Towten Palace was never abandoned, and quite active despite the odd weather threat. Certain safeguards had been fashioned along with building fortifications. Even Hummy Palace had undergone a deep renovation implemented by Blair and Carla. At least once a year, family members visited the homes of their ancestors. Rose, the queen’s first handmaid for years and Pedee, Von’s right hand man, both preferred living in Towten Palace. In the summer it was cool, quiet, and other worldly serine.
A guard met them at the end of the bridge noting that a crystilum storm swarmed up some miles away and to stay alert if the bell warning system should go off.
To get to the prearranged location easily, the villagers had to pass through the great hall. It was decorated with armor of silver and gold, paintings, and statues of the dead, glass cases of treasures collected through the centuries, and elaborately carved sarcophagus. The place was heavily guarded and seldom if ever open.
The family came to a clean open area with empty tombs. Donna stood next to a huge double beautifully carved one with Von and her name and their likeness on it. It read, “When and where ever you go, there am I”. She looked for him and found his eyes upon her, he returned a sincere ever so slight smile that entranced her.
The queen was watching, and interrupted the thought that made her lips part. “I separated them. It’s two separate boxes inside. Don’t think you’re going to leave me here alone with all your children and grandchildren!” The Prince and Princess smirked with embarrassment.
The king whispered to the queen as they exited, “What’s wrong with Donna?”
“Nothing.” The queen snickered, “She’s still his crybaby.”
The crowd dragged along slowly, relishing every moment of the once in a normal lifetime experience. They pointed and whispered, stopped to visit as if moving through a museum.
It was a short distance to the place where Lisa’s body laid on a bed of gold painted straw, piled over a lovely carved alabaster box. They passed along adding flowers and gold painted straw effigies of gifts soaked in mandolyn oil. The Blue ladies began to sing, and Von took Donna by the hand. When Rory’s youngest child wrapped his arms around his father’s leg and looked up at her with his beautiful innocent face, so unaware that he had lost his mother, Donna began to welt. Von noticed and pulled her arm closer and tighter in a jerking motion. His face stern, she glanced at her father who slowly shook his head. She took a deep breath and pulled herself together. But clearly, she had not recovered.
Rory lit the fire, and it roared but when her body fell into the box, rockets flew up into the air creating noise, sparks, and a burst of beautiful colored smoke. A slight snow flurry started and made the event even more spectacular. The crowd was in awe, faces of tears, smiles, and mouths fell open at the sight of it.
But just as the spectacle started to die down, the sound of alarm bells blared loudly, causing an uproar of fear and commotion. The crowd ran for protection and jammed the double doors of the mausoleum. Rory and Elleyn led the royal family and others to the Pillars of Contemplation, a pavilion that had been prepared with food for after the occasion.
They breathed a sigh of relief as the bells rang louder, warning that the deadly storm was frightfully close. But like a black spot in the white snow, Jordan was on his knees and when he got his family’s astonished attention, he cried out a confession, “It was my fault, I did it. I didn’t listen. She warned me and I let the killer in.”
The message was baffling, and Rory staggered, watching his son. He didn’t move or say a word. He just stood watching him as if his mind was on overload. The snow flurry’s first signs of danger was a sparkle of the sharp shards of ice. Von and Donna turn to Rory to rescue his son, but he just stood frozen, just staring at him.
The sound brought panic as a furious Von finally grabbed Rory by the collar, and leaned into his face shouting, “Do you think you can live with the death of your son?” Rory went limp and just stared back in his father’s eyes empty. Von threw him to the ground and spat, “Well I can’t!” He franticly started grabbing coats from everyone.
Donna caught on to what he was about to do, and panicked. “No, no, you can’t!” she pled and fought him, but he ignored and pulled her off. She turned to Rory, still on the ground looking dazed, “Rory, Rory! You can’t let your father go, you can’t!” He looked confused, and she glanced out at the snow, now showing definite signs the storm was upon them. She calmed down and with a soft voice she held his face up so he could look right into her eyes. “Rory, do you remember years ago you asked me if I despised you?”
As if it were the tone of her voice that he could finally hear, Rory gasp for a second, jumped to his feet, almost knocking his mother down. He ran like mad, after his father, grabbed him and his father grabbed him back. Their eyes catch as Von tossed the pile of coats on him. Von ran into the open arms of donna, just in time.
Puzzled, Von asked her. “Is Jordan immune to the storm?”
Donna shook her head, “I don’t know, we’ve never tested any of the grandchildren.”
The tinkling sound from the ice crystals was almost deafening. The group backed up but couldn’t take their eyes off the beautiful white out. Rory ran into Jordan, knocking him down. He quickly covered him with the cloaks and laid over him. The beautiful crystals dusted Rory but quickly melted away.
After a few moments the bells stopped ringing, the storm cleared, and just for a flash it left a magnificent shimmering. Rory and Jordon emerged into the arms of Von and Donna. Jordon’s finger had been exposed and was bleeding. His father put it in his mouth and it stopped. Jordon was stunned, there were amazing things about his father that he didn’t know.
With the emergency passed, Von was painfully reminded that they were not alone? Even Blair and Connor, looked disturbed. The king gave him a piercing stare, and the queen dropped her head.

46
Back in Sawtee, Alexious was alone in the main hall with Lukon when a servant entered the room with a plain wooden box. He was followed by two others carrying a large gold chest. The servant said, “I am to give this to the king.”
Catching his breath after seeing the magnificent chest, Alexious proudly proclaimed, “I am sovereign here. The king is on his deathbed. I demand you hand over the key trunk!”
The servant objected, “But my prince the…”
Lukon, who was also anxious to see what was in such a trunk, interrupted him, “Fool! Did you hear what he said? Do you want to keep your head?”
The servant quickly placed the key box on top of the golden chest and followed the others out.
With a finger to his lip, Alexious made circles around the beautiful gold carved trunk. It was exquisite, with the sun glistening through an open window, a rainbow of colors bounced off the stones that enhanced its splendor. Lukon stood nearby with the plain wooden box.
With a fist to his hip, Lukon stared at the key box. “I wonder just what kind of enormous lie our dark lovelies, could have told to get such a superb gift sent to us?” Lukon picked up the case and removed the key. Alexious cleared his throat and reached out an open hand. Lukon gave him a sneaky smile and handed over the key.
He took a moment, as even the key was admirable. “Superb doesn’t do it justice. If they can afford to give this away, just imagine the riches that await us on the other side of that mountain.”
Their hearts pounded with anticipation. Alexious nose flared, and he flashed a smile at Lukon. He stooped over, put the key in and turned it. Nothing happened, except for the sound of a foul gas that escaped from the corners. Then the top burst open and all four sides fell away to reveal the murky butchered bodies of Becka and her maids. A head rolled out at his feet, covered with dead flies and maggots. The nauseating blood mess had splattered on him and was running out onto the floor.
Horrified, like a madman, Alexious pulled his hair and ran out screaming. Lukon, with his face half covered, recognized the ring on a body part finger, and made a slight whimpering sound.
Later, Lukon found Alexious in the throne room. Lukon had been looking for him and was startled to find him sitting alone in the dark. He had changed, even his voice and his look was meaner, cruel, and cold. It was as if his usually well trimmed beard had grown heavy over his face.
After some silence, the prince spoke up. “I want revenge. I want to hurt them. The way they did it was all too arrogant.”
“What do you have in mind? We have nothing they want; they need for nothing.” Lukon ran his hand over his sore eyes. Where the prince had become dark, he found himself, for the first time in his life, despaired. Following the young prince, who’s love for his daughter would one day make her the queen of Sawtee, Lukon’s life had never been so promising. But now he was empty. All those dreams were gone with the death of his lovely Becka. It was hard for him to be enthusiastic about a plan for revenge.
“But we do.” Alexious sat up, “And what a gem it is in their crown. What if I were to kill every living soul at the orphanage and burn it to the ground?”
“You had better be ready for the battle of battles after that.”
“It is my understanding that the TowHummy army is small in numbers. They rely on that wall to protect them. They use intimidation to control the outland kingdoms, but this will draw them out.”
“They have never had a large army, no one has ever defeated them. They weren’t arrogant, we were. How do you think we could face such a foe? They are not even human. You don’t have that large of an army yourself. Better prepare to die.”
“But we have a lot of angry Qurods. We’ll convince everyone that the Cods and my uncle where murdered by power hungry TowHummy, that the poison could only have come from over there. Besides, everyone just saw the dismembered bodies of our ladies who, along with our king, were only trying to appease them.”
“The Qurods won’t fight for you. You’ve been cheating them out of their fair share of the mining pay for years.”
“Oh, that's even better. I’ll say we are all sick and tired of the TowHummy not paying us for the mining we do.” He gave an evil snicker. “Word was, my sweet Becka killed Lisa, Farha’s sister. But there was no mention of the wine. Perhaps they succeeded after all? That will be a just revenge in deed.”
Lukon dropped his head, recalling how it was his idea to send her to retrieve the glowing blood. Alexious still had no idea what else she was up to. He whispered, “Indeed, if the wine will trouble them at all.”
Alexious moved from his seat trying to motivate Lukon, “Hum, regardless we shall be revenged. Now help me word my message to the Qurods.”

47
In TowHummy, after the long slow trip back home, bellies were growling. Von escorted Donna to her room and went to his own to unload his heavy stiff attire. The main hall was lit and heavy with food, music and every festive thing at a formal dinner. He took his usual seat, but Donna’s stayed empty. Located where it was, made it obvious she was missing. Across from him, her father gave him a befuddled frown. Finally, he excused himself and left to check on his wife.
Frustrated he didn’t knock, just opened the door and found her sitting on the edge of her bed half dressed, kicking off her slippers. “What are you doing?” He cried, “You’re not dressed.”
“I’m not going.” She whimpered, then tried to change the subject. “I’ve never seen anyone put away so beautifully. Promise me you and Elleyn will do the same for me when I go?”
Von frowned, “Shut up, don’t ask me such things and get dressed. Stop trying to change the subject. Everyone’s in the hall but us, how do you think that makes us look?”
“Please don't make me.” She whispered, “I’m so tired and drained, I just can’t make it. I’m afraid I may faint.”
Donna fell back on her bed, as Von stood over her with his fist to his hips. “You and Rory will kill me way before the Sawtee ever get a chance.” He sat next to her, leaned in her face and spoke softly. “Don't you know what this show of weakness means for us?”
With her eyes half closed, she reached out and caressed his face. “I was going to have some tea. Maybe that would help. I just need a short nap. You understand, don't you love?”
Von lit up as if he had just got an idea. “Stay awake, I’ll be back with your tea.” He swiftly left the room. There was a skip in his step as he made his way back to his quarters. There, he opened his old chest and dug out an old box, once given to him by Blair for safe keeping. He recalled him saying it was touched, special, enhanced or was it enchanted tea? It was worth a try, Von thought.
Moments later, Von returned to find Donna sleep. He opened the old wooden box, pulled out an old burlap bag, sprinkled a few and a few more seeds into a cup and added hot water. He lifted her head to awaken her. “Oh, your back.” she blinked and sat up.
Yes, and with your tea. Here drink it, drink it all. I think it will relieve your mood. Donna drank it, looked at him with a smile, and closed her eyes with a deep sigh. He looked into the empty cup, tilted his head with a slight smile, and left the room.

48
Rory was tight lipped, he and his boys withdrew away from everyone and anyone who may want answers as to what had happened. The deep in thought scowl on his face didn’t help matters much. In truth is mind was a scramble, in pain and anger, and then the spectacle he had made of himself earlier that day. He needed answers to all of it. It was a mess that he just couldn’t clean up fast enough to stop the pounding in his head. Yes, he needed sleep but he couldn’t rest until all the pieces of the dark puzzle fit perfectly.
It had to start at home with his boys. He and his two older sons had a lot to hash out. Not just the fact that their mother was murdered right there in their home but what was behind it. Why Jordan did what he did.
The bodies were gone and the blood stains were all removed or cleaned up but not in their minds. Alone the three sat at the table where they last had dinner with her. No one spoke for a while, it hurt too much to spill a word. Rory, pulled his hair loose and it fell across his shoulders. The boys had never seen him do so. It stunned the mood into a new perception.
“Understand, we are in this thing together. None of this darkness belongs to you, my children, none of it. Here and now, you must confess everything, every little thing. We must lay this riddle out on this table and solve it or we will never find rest concerning this horror.” He took a deep breath and looked at Jordan and asked very calmly, “What happened?”

49
The main hall was still full and festive, the chatter was deafening. Von weaved his way to Elleyn. “Son, have you seen your brother?”
He answered frankly, “Well Michael is over there. I’m not sure where Rory is.”
Von leaned into his son’s face, to make sure he could hear and understand him. “Listen Elleyn, I need you to do me a favor. I need you to keep an eye on Rory.”
Elleyn was puzzled, “Why? He seems to be coping fine, isn't he? What’s wrong?”
I will explain later, and keep this between you and I, just for a few days.” Before Elleyn could push the question, they were distracted by the commotion around Michael. Carla was in Michaels face yelling as Blair made his way to her side.
She grabbed Michael by the collar. “You said she would be ok! Well she’s not. She still hasn't moved and her glow is gone.” It was an unusual burst of emotion, and Von could see he wasn’t alone with all the feelings going around.
Michael took her hands as Blair pulled her off. Calmly and empathetically he looked into her face. “She’ll be fine, she may lose her glow, but she’ll live, I promise you.”
A servant approached Elleyn and his father, and whispered in his ear. He promptly excused himself and left Von watching Michael handle himself most brilliantly.
Gabe slipped up behind his brother, Von and joined in the watch, then asked, “Sleeping better lately? Noticed a thinning about us? Almost all the visitors are outside, most headed for the orphanage village. They must be over crowded with our refugees.”
Without taking his eyes off Michael, Von replied, “Well to answer the question, no. You said most were gone. Where are the rest? In the kitchen preparing our meals?” Gabe smirked.
The room quieted and attention was drawn to Elleyn making his way back to his father, accompanied by a strange man, Prince Gray. “Father, uncle, you must hear him. This is Prince Gray of the Cods.” All the noise quieted down, and all eyes were on the guest.
Gray greeted them with a nod, and spoke. “I believe my father and many others were murdered as they celebrated my father’s birthday, with poisoned wine.” There were gasp and murmurs and he had their undivided attention.
Elleyn anxiously pled, “There’s more, tell them the rest.” A path opened and they made their way before the king.
“We have been staying at the orphanage trying to find exactly who’s responsible for the murders. One of my spies found Prince Alexiousuous gathering a huge army of Sawtee and Qurods, the men who mine your crystals. They plan to attack the orphanage.” There were more gasp and Gray continued humbly. “I only have twenty-five men left. I need help.”
“King Vincent roared out, “And you shall have it. Come, what else did your spies tell you?” The king led Gray away to another room and the brothers followed.
Von turned to Gabe, “You look like he just dropped a brick in your belly. Now the devils in your house. Key words, raising an army and planning an attack.” They locked eyes for an uncomfortably long time. Gabe was speechless.
The servant Connly approached Michael and whispered in his ear. Michael nodded.

50
The ladies of the royal family separated from their men and gathered in the sewing room. Periodically, the queen had a servant report on the progress being made. This war was a tremendous ordeal, not seen in decades and not a place where women were desired. With all the ranting, not even the queen would attempt to intervene.
Princess Nina pulled something from her sewing basket and threw it back. “Frankly, I really don’t care what they do. They can kill every last Sawtee, as long as it brings back the peace. You don’t know how blessed you are until someone takes the blessing away.”
Princess Carla was busy separating her thread by color. “You would think the mountain wall would keep them out, but no, we had to invite them in. After all these years, we still hate each other.”
The queen stood by a table marveling over a plate of lovely decorated cakes. “Let’s pray for a quick and speedy ending to it.”
“Yes, please,” Carla cried, “Some of the things we saw when we were young. I mean, I recall hearing men…” She looked at Queen Kissna, caught herself and stopped the story she was about to spill.
Kissna sat down with just a cup of tea, “Go ahead child. We are all family now. Believe me, I heard a lot of Hummy men wailing in the night too.”
Carla blushed and Nina spoke up with her own story, “I remember one night I just wanted a drink of water. It seemed no one was around. So, I crept downstairs and slipped in what looked like a river of blood.” She gasps, “Sometimes I think I can still see it under my nails. It just stuck in my mind.”
Even Monica added to the terrible war stories. “What about the smell? The blood dressings and the filthy clothing? Burning them was a good idea. Why would they want to start something like this all over again? What do they want from us?”
Before anyone could answer, Donna joyfully bounced in with a small plate of cakes she got from the kitchen. “Ah, there you are. Please forgive me for missing dinner. After that long journey, I thought I would take a small nap, and it lasted longer than I planned.” She giggled.
They were surprised to see her so spry. Monica gawked and blurted, “Donna, you're looking much brighter.”
“Thank you,” she replied with a high pitch voice, “I’m feeling so much better.” She spun around and fell in a chair, laughing. “I was so sleepy and Von fixed me a cup of tea, then I took a little nap and here I am.” She snickered.
No one had taken their eyes off her. “Carla, how’s my Gabby, poor babe?” Her eyes stretched with the question.
Carla answered with delight. “She’s opened her eyes and is sitting up now, but her glow is gone.”
The over animated, Donna replied joyfully, “Oh that's just wonderful.” She snickered, “You didn't really like her glow anyway, did you?” she sat the cake plate down, and rolled her eyes, “I wonder if she drank that blood, would her glow come back?” She slapped her knees laughing.
Thinking Donna had not heard, Carla informed her on a serious note, “It looks like we may go to war.”
Donna gasps, “Ha! Well, good! We need to kick their behinds. I’d like to get out there too.” She giggled with a big smile, “You know at one time, I was pretty good with a dagger.” She nodded.
Nina and Carla gave her a baffling eye. Something about her behavior was familiar. “So, Von fixed you a cup of tea? What kind of tea?” Carla asked, “Did he use long thin little seeds to make a pot?”
“Well yes,” she laughed loudly, “There were a few left at the bottom of that cup. It had a kind of nutty flavor. But I didn't see any nuts in it.” She doubled over laughing hysterically. While she tried to catch her breath, Carla mumbled to her sister, “Glimmer tea?” They excused themselves and quickly slipped out of the room as if they had discovered something very exciting.
Donna took a few deep breaths and wiped the tears from her eyes. “What did I say? They just jumped up and left.”
Annoyed, Kissna frowned, “Donna, what’s wrong with you?”
“I don't know, isn't that funny? Ha, isn’t that, funny?” Uncontrollable laughter had Donna falling out of her seat. The queen stormed out of the room. When Donna finally calmed from laughing at nothing, she found Monica staring at her, amused. “I’m sorry.” she apologized.
Monica replied with a smile, “It’s okay, it’s wonderful to hear your cheery laughter.”

51
Maps were laid out on the tables as they drew up plans for war. Blair whispered to Von, “It’s been years sense I killed someone. Do you think I’ve still got it?” he teased.
“When you see the enemy coming for your head, you’ll be surprised at how fast it all comes back. We may be a little rusty, but their no match for us.” Von smirked.
It was possible, that the last time both men fought on a battlefield, it was against each other. A small place in the back of their minds still had a warrior just waiting for the word. He wanted to know, am I still all the man I used to be? Living in TowHummy had made them bigger and stronger, not older and weaker over the years. But with no true adversary, there was no way to tell if they had lost the skill and the gut.
Blair finished off a cake, “So much for sluggish blood. This Gray boy is now a king. He’s bruised pretty badly. Cowardly business this Alexious. Is the Sawtee king still alive? Does anyone know what’s going on in the outland?”
Von raised a brow, “That’s the price we pay for being such snobs. That’s what Gabe would say. If anyone knows anything, he’s the only one, among us.”
The king stood up, and the room went quiet. “Here’s the plan. The Sawtee objective is not the orphanage. If it were, they would have wiped them out already.” The king approached a map table. “It’s no more than a threat to draw us out to battle. I have no intention of wasting one drop of TowHummy blood.” He points to the map. “Gabe, you leave immediately for the orphanage.” And he all but ran out of the room, as he felt responsible for sending the many friends and families there after Vincent ordered them out of TowHum.
“Blair,” the king went on. “I want you to make your move here, high on this ridge.” He pointed, “Make yourself visible. I want them focused on you, away from the orphanage.” He locked eyes with each one of them. “Under no circumstance will you advance on the Sawtee.” He stood back with a smirky smile. “I will handle it all from here, and I will end it from here.” He left the room, leaving them all awestruck, all but Ellyen.
With Vincent gone, the men crowded around the large map table, in loud discussion. Gray attempted to speak but was rudely ignored. Ellyen motioned silently not to interrupt. The men surrounded and squeezed him out of the way until he couldn’t see. When he looked beside him there stood a confident, smiling Elleyn. “You're in the best hands. Let them do what they do. I would hate to be the Sawtee. You look like you could use a breather. Come with me.”
Gray hesitated, but it was useless and he relented unto the care of his new confidant, Ellyen. “First, let’s find you a room and a meal. I would like to hear of your father. We understood King Armus was a great man and a just king. We are sorry to hear of his death and in such a manor. I’m sure you can tell me more.”
But Gray stopped him to make a personal request. “First, there’s someone I’d like to see, if it’s possible. I was told the Princess Gabriella has recovered from her injuries. And I would…”
“Oh yes,” Ellyen smiled widely, “I recall you paying a grand part in her rescue from the Sawtee Palace. We are indeed grateful.” Two men approached him. He excused himself and returned, “I hope you won’t be offended if I give you over to Wayne. He can accompany you anywhere you may want to go. I would, but I have a pressing matter that I cannot ignore. Hopefully, we can meet later to collaborate on our war efforts, and more.” They nod to one another.
Wayne put his fist to his hip, “Ok young man where would you like to go, perhaps something to eat?”
Gray’s eyes followed Ellyen all the way down the hall to where it was a little darker, curious to see if he showed any sign of a glow. Not seeing one, he promptly replied, “No actually…”

52
The queen sat in the same chair in the same room where she had listened to Princess Gabriella tell of her adventures in Towten palace only days ago. She waited impatiently rolling her ring and kicking her heel.
Then Elleyn entered, “Grandmother, you wanted to see me?” She looked worried.
“Yes, close the door, here, have a seat close to me.” She pointed to the chair that was still sitting there from her chat with Gabby. Elleyn was a little concerned, he sat but said nothing.
She took a moment and then asked, “Ellyen, do you know what a beveled heart is?”
He thought for a moment and answered, “Yes.”
“Do you know what it means to be beveled, and be a member of this family?” she asked. Ellyen looked a little puzzled but stayed silent. “There is no such thing.” She went on. “You cannot have a beveled heart and be a member of a ruling house. The beveled heart must be put down.”
The gravity of this conversation caused Ellyen to feel a bit uneasy. Suddenly her dress felt tight at her waist and around her neck. She rose and took a few steps and a deep breath before attempting to explain. “Many years ago, it was decided that for the sake of our people and the kingdom itself, no bevel hearted should ever have the power to rule, since their decisions may be tainted with unreasonable deep seated negative emotions.” She used her hands to help explain herself. “You see, it looks fine on the outside, but deep inside the pain can bleed out, causing unnecessary wars and thoughtless deaths among the innocent and so on.” She rambled.
Confused, Elleyn stood, “Grandmother, what are you trying to tell me?”
The question made her sit down again. “Are you, my grandson, prepared to take the thrown as king?”
“What!” Elleyn spat and stepped back, visually shaken.
“Elleyn, Elleyn, you must understand,” she tried to explain, “Our house is about to fall.” Her voice cracked, causing Elleyn to quake inside. “It is your father’s duty to put your brother down. He will never do it. He wouldn't do it to you either, for that matter. It has to be the darkest ordeal.”
Elleyn’s heart was pounding in his ears. In the corner of his eyes he could see she was leaning toward him, but he wouldn’t look at her.
“So,” she fell back in her chair, and continued in a matter of fact tone of voice. “the king will have to do it. Before he can, your father will run off with Rory but he will be tracked down and both father and son will be cut down. Your mother will never survive it. Your grandfather and I, well, we’ll never forgive ourselves for it.
Elleyn could hold his rage no longer, his nose flared, he locked eyes with her, and stated sternly, “Grandmother! I do not want to hear this.”
“Well you must young prince to be king.” She roared, “You were chosen before your birth. It’s no accident that your father is slightly distant and the king is like a father to you. It’s no accident that you can do no wrong.” She pointed and rocked in her seat. “You are indeed favored by the king with a special place in his heart. He will name you to succeed him. Not your uncles but you!”
Sweat beads slowly grew on his forehead as she had never spoken to him in such a manor. But he had never spoken to her so brashly. They both sat quiet for a moment and in a calmer voice she continued, “As much as I love you all, and I do to the depths of my soul, you are the only true Towten other than your father, and as long as the king and I live, we need to leave a Towten on this throne before we die.”
Elleyn’s mouth fell open, and his eyes widened, “Yes, grandmother I know how to be a king, but,” He dipped a brow deep, “not at that price. Rory’s not beveled, he’s just preoccupied with finding the truth about the murder, poison in our food and wine and by the same flies we are about to go to battle with.” He leaned forward and opened his hands to her. They locked eyes, “Tell me how to change this story?”
“Deliver your brother to the king.”
Elleyn sat almost shaking, his lips tightened and his eyes narrowed. He stood with his chin high, looking her in the eyes, and articulated cuttingly. “My queen, you must know in the farthest and coldest and darkest reaches of your imagination what kind of bowlders you have dropped on me in this avalanche of a conversation. I will take my leave.”
He bowed and backed out like a servant, but as he left, he slammed the door as hard as he could. He stood for a moment, shook it off, and pulled himself together.
In all her days as queen, not even Von had ever, ever slammed a door that hard. Outrageously offended, when the windows stopped raddling, she growled, “Oh, you will be king, you will!”

53
Gabby sat in a large chair, wrapped in a warm robe, under a dim lamp. Cathleen brushed her hair and prayed to catch a glimpse of just one glowing strand, dust flake, anything. Paul sat off to the side watching amazed, that the muse had lost her radiance. All three felt a loss. Going from a staggering wonder of life to just a plain old regular person was disheartening.
Gabby broke the anticipating silence. “It was nice of you to come all this way to see me. With all that has happened, I’m surprised they let you in.” She snickered.
Cathleen gave Paul a solemn glance. “Well, we didn’t come alone. We came with Gray.”
“Gray,” her head shook and Cathleen stopped brushing. “What about him? The last time I saw him, he treated me like I was some kind of monster. I wanted to thank him, but he couldn’t leave fast enough.” She expected her friends to laugh, but they didn’t.
Cathleen came around to face her. “He missed his father’s birthday celebration getting you released, and…”
Gabby interrupted, “Well, I’m sorry, but they killed my aunt and I believe they planned to murder me too, if he hadn’t arrived when he did. It’s not that he won’t have other birthday celebrations.” She rolled her eyes.
“No.” Cathleen whimpered.
The expression on the faces of her two friends caused Gabby to frown with concern. “What?” She watched them both, her voice changed from sulking to slight panic. “What’s wrong, what’s happened?”
“Paul answered, “Gray’s father, family, all his brothers and scores of his people were poisoned to death.”
Gabby’s shaking hands covered her mouth.
Cathleen locked widened eyes with her, “The only reason they didn't kill Gray? He wasn't there, he was with us, and that's not all. The Sawtee plan to attack the orphanage.”
“All this happened since I last saw you?” Gabby’s eyes watered and her voice cracked.
“Yes, Gray is here, hoping to get a few soldiers to protect the orphanage. It’s over-run with evacuees from TowHummy.” Paul added.
Gabby pulled herself to the edge of the large chair, “This is a disaster. I have two cousins there.”
A handmaid entered, “You have another visitor.”
Cathleen ran and opened the door, “It’s Gray.”
He rushed in and gave Gabriella a knee and kissed her hand. He looked at the bandage healing cut on her wrist and filled his eyes with compassion. Paul and Cathleen left them alone.
“I’m so sorry to hear about your father, I know you were close.” She said, sad eyes to sad eyes. He sat at her feet. “Here, try to relax if you can.” She pulled his back between her knees and against the large chair. He stretched his legs and relaxed his shoulders. He closed his eyes and his head fell back, then she ran her fingers through his large lush curls.
“I came to apologize for the way I acted the last time you saw me.” He confessed, “Honestly, if I hadn't been there to save you, I wouldn’t have saved myself, I would be dead right now.”
“I’m so glad you're here and safe… And with me.” She leaned over and kissed him on the head. At that moment, a soft glow slowly passed over her.

Part IV

THAT’S NOT ALL YOU ARE

54
The next morning, Rory could be found pacing back and forth in the barn where the monkeys were caged. When a servant passed by, he called, “Connly, what happened to the wine that was here?”
Oh, yes, the wagon of wine for the orphanage was here for a while. It’s on its way. Wine had leaked on a bag of grain, so we threw it on the back. Maybe they could use it to feed their pigs.”
Rory gasp and his eyes bugged. He yelled as he left the servant standing, “If you see Michael or Elleyn, tell them what you've told me and tell them I’ve gone to stop the wagon.”

55
Later that morning, Von received a visit from Blair. He had all his weapons laid out on a long table, clean and polished. Blair slowly made his way down to the end where Von handed him an old familiar wooden box. They both crack a smile as it reminded them of days long past.
“Glimmer tea.” Blair beamed, “I haven't seen, not even one plant sense then. The girls are all a rattle. You gave it to Donna?”
“Yes, I haven't seen her since last night. She was sleeping.” He looked off in thought.
Blair snickered, “Glimmer tea won't let you sleep for long. How much did you give her?”
“Only one cup, with five or six seeds I think.”
Blair’s mouth fell open. “That’s enough for a fine pot of tea. I doubt she’s had a good night's sleep.” He looked Von over, who was partly dressed in his war leathers, and his hair was pulled back tight. Then he turned to the shiny objects on the table.
“I think they look pretty good under the circumstances. They haven’t seen the light of day in twenty years. I was contemplating on joining you on that ridge. There's no way I’d miss this.”
Blair tilted his head and raised his brows, “Your father plans to use the weapon, in which case it will be the shortest battle we've ever fought.”
Intrigued, Von admitted, “I've never seen it.”
“What, after all these years you've never? I haven't seen the blue, but the yellow was petrifying. We should all be there for such a spectacle.”
“Grotesque?”
“No, clean, horribly sterile. And he can activate it from the tower. That’s why he wants me on the high ridge and them down in the valley where he can keep them in his sight.”
Von staggered, and his eyes wandered. “I need to find my sons before I leave. Have you seen Rory, I can’t find him? I need him to stay away from my father until I get back.”
“I haven't seen him, I haven't seen any of your sons for that matter.”
The door was not closed, and the voice of king Vincent startled the men. “I was just about to say the same thing. Blair, will you excuse us?” Blair gave Von an assuring look, nodded to the king and left.
The king asked in a dry voice, “Where is Rory?”
“Checking into the murderous poisonings. Good heavens, it was his wife. He's been somewhat distracted by the mystery.”
The king heated, “That's convenient, don't you think? I've watched him, he's beveled. At a time like this he can get us all killed.”
Von stepped back, realizing how serious his father was. “That's absurd, and you know it.”
“If you don't do your duty, I will do mine. Do you think I would ever want to do such a thing?” he lowered his voice, “Give me a reason not to.”
They both calmed, and with eyes locked Von pled, “He just needs a little time.”
Vincent took a deep sigh, then looked down at the table full of polished weapons. Then noticed he had put on his leathers. “And where do you think you're going?”
Stunned by the question, Von cried, “I have to go. That's what I do, that's who I am!” With a puckered brow, he put his fist to his chest, “I am the Warrior Prince. How can I not go?”
The king snarled back, “Easily, I’ll help you! You're under arrest. If you leave this room, I’ll have you dungeon'd, and I mean it.”
Von stood dumbfound staring at the king walk away. Vincent stopped before closing the door and shook his head. “No, that’s not all you are.”
Von could hear him call guards and pass orders. He stared at the weapons on the table, and took a sprawled out seat, as his tight leathers made him a bit uncomfortable.

56
The queen sat at a small table chopping an apple from a tray of fruit and nuts. She poured tea and buttered warm biscuits. There was banging at the door.
It was Donna, calling, “Mother, mother, I know you’re in there.” She giggled. “Oh, come now, open the door, let me in, I promise I won’t laugh, honest.” She giggled again. “Please, I can’t help it.”
The racket caught the attention of the king who came from another room. “What’s going on, who’s banging.”
“It’s Donna and don’t let her in, or I’ll kill her.” Kissna spat sarcastically. “She’s driving me and everyone else batty with her silly giggle.”
Donna finally wandered down the hall with an exhausted, delirious, grin, snickering to herself. Later she was found downstairs in the kitchen, laughing with the cooks and eating an apple. Two guards came from behind, picked her up so her feet weren’t touching the floor.
Moments later, the doors to Vons chambers burst open. He looked up to see Donna hoisted into the room. Her back was to him, he flashed a smile and turned away. She stared at the closed door, confused as to why they had done such a thing. She turned to see him, paying no attention.
“I was sitting down having an apple in the kitchen when suddenly two guards picked me up and tossed me in here.” She approached the table and looked over the weapons. “So, what’s happening?” She put her hand on her hip, still looking at the table eating the apple. Von leaned back with a deep sigh, but said nothing.
A bit perturbed, she gasps, “It’s true, you’ve been arrested. And now I’m in here too.” After a moment, she turned away with a slight smile and muffled a snicker. “How long do you think we’ll be locked up in here?”
Von got up and went to a large window to look out, and she followed him. “It depends,” he answered on a serious note, “two to five days, maybe.”
He studied her in the lovely morning light. They locked eyes, but she had no smile. She came closer, and he reached out and grabbed her, he had a hungry look. “How I missed you.” He attempted to kiss her, but she burst out laughing. His voice as if talking to himself, his look serious, his eyes piercing, her giggle silly. “How wonderful to hear you laugh, and see you smile again, here in my room, alone, with me.”

57
The king and queen finished breakfast. The queen dabbed her lips. “Oh, you love him too much! What kind of punishment is that? He’s lucky it wasn't me. We should throw their grandchildren in with them.” She had a sneaky smirk.
The king leaned back and stretched, “Oh, he’s lucky, lucky the monkeys are all dead!
After a moment, the queen tested the waters, “What do you think of Rory?”
The mood changed, and he answered her defensively, “What do you think I think of Rory?”
She dropped her eyes, and the subject.
The king and queen finished breakfast. The queen dabbed her lips. “Oh, you love him too much! What kind of punishment is that? He’s lucky it wasn't me. We should throw their grandchildren in with them.” She had sneaky smirk.
The king leaned back and stretched, “Oh, he’s lucky, lucky the monkeys are all dead!” The thought caused lingering laughter.
After a moment, the queen tested the waters, “What do you think of Rory?”
The mood changed and he answered her defensively, “What do you think I think of Rory?”
She dropped her eyes, and the subject.

58
Later, Donna had finally fallen into a peaceful sleep, and Von kept a sharp eye out the window where he could watch the comings and goings at the main gate. He could hear an unusual amount of activity do to those preparing for war. He watched intently hoping to catch Rory or any of his sons.
Elleyn, on horseback, stopped at his father’s window. “Elleyn, where’s Rory?” Von cried.
“Father, they wouldn't let me talk to you! The wine, the wine that was set aside for the orphanage, was poisoned. That's what killed the monkeys. It’s on its way there now, and Rory’s gone to retrieve it. I’m going after him.”
Von’s eyes widened, alarmed, “No son, no don’t go. Send someone else, the king plans to use the weapon. You can’t go.”
Elleyn shook his head and took off yelling, “I can’t trust anyone else.”
“Son stay out of the valley. He shouted with all his might and he watched until he was out of site. At that moment, Von understood Elleyn was aware of more than he thought.
The commotion awakened Donna, “What’s happening? What’s wrong?”
Von took a deep sigh and approached her and caressed her now not giggling face. He was sure she did not understand what beveled meant. He smiled softly, “I wish we still had the glimmer tea.” Donna looked puzzled.

59
The sun was dropping when the queen stepped on to the patio and found the king relaxed, lying with his eyes closed. She quietly approached him from behind and ran her hands across his shoulders. Her lips trembled as she spoke calmly, “My husband, my king, word has reached me that our Rory has gone to the orphanage to retrieve carts of poisoned wine.”
She felt a sudden tension in him and his eyes opened and narrowed but she continued, “I submit to a wiser thinking mind that perhaps these are the actions of sound intelligence, and not the ramblings of the disturbed and maniacal.
His eyes searched, after a moment he put his hand over hers, her eyes watered.

60
Before Elleyn could reach the orphanage, he was captured and held overnight. He had not exposed himself to the outland for over twenty years. If you had not gone to TowHum as his guest, you would have never seen him. This was the case for most Tow Hum. There was just no reason to expose yourself. From the start, TowHum was a wonderful place to live. Complaints were few and simple, and supply was bountiful. Truly, the murder of the princess was the most disturbing ordeal in decades.
Elleyn was not recognized, and in the morning, he was taken to the orphanage. In the courtyard he saw outlanders caged and bound. Finally acknowledged by old friends who had been expelled from TowHum, they led him to his uncle, Gabe.
“My uncle,” he looked around, “I would say you have things well under control.” He smiled with relief.
“I treasure the peace and understanding we have with the outer world. I have no intention of losing it over some misunderstanding.”
Elleyn dropped his eyes for a flash. “You may be alone in your thinking today uncle.”
“This war is over and it has nothing to do with the Sawtee. In just the short time I have been here, I have cut the enemy’s army in half. The Qurods will not be joining the rebels. We can round them up and it’s over.”
Elleyn shook his head, “In any case, I’ve come looking for Rory.”
Rory? He’s gone, a few hours ago with the bad wine. He’s taking it to Vesent Valley canyon. He plans to push the cart over the cliffs there.
Elleyn staggered, “No, I have to catch him. The king doesn't share your dreams. Vesent Valley is marked for destruction.” He ran off with Gabe in chase, unable to stop him.

61
Some of the ruckus at TowHum, had gone with Blair and Michael early that morning, when the small army took off to the high ridge. But it was far from quiet, especially at the tower. They hoisted the huge blue crystal high and sat in place. The rods and mirrors were also set. The serpientine, absidian, scoria, and basalt stones were piled deep, waiting for the surreptitious dust from Conners lab. The test grinds were so loud it shook they ground. It was ready, only one thing stood in the way, rain. It was in the air. The tower was designed to control the lightning strikes. But a storm could throw things out of control if the stone got wet.
The lab was a bustle with assistants, Conner was at his large desk in his roomy office in the back. He sat alone with his forehead against his folded hands. King Vincent entered and surprised him. “Vincent, you're looking miraculously restored, and rested.”
Vincent plopped down in a large chair and propped his boots up on a stool. “Such actions take serious contemplation.” He smiled.
“I take it you came to a sound decision?” Conner got up and opened a window. The room flooded with light and quieted. He stood there waiting for more.
“My blood line is intact.” The king glowed and his hair stood on end.
Conner turned toward the open window and let the sun penetrate his mind body and soul. The two men said nothing for a few blissful moments. He sat back at his desk and changed the subject, still wearing a smile. “It’s deadly but exquisitely beautiful.”
“When we completed the first phase of the weapon, I knew no one would ever be a threat to us again.”
Conner leaned back, relaxed. “Indeed, they are no threat.”
Vincent took a deep sigh, “Have we moved so far and beyond? I never thought I would see the day when I would look upon the Sawtee as if they were just misbehaved children.”
Conner sat up amused and a cloud dimmed the room. “The heavens are undecided.”
Vincent tilted his head and pulled on his whiskers, letting the thought simmer. “Perhaps just a small demonstration will suffice.”
Conner glanced out the window at the clouds moving, causing the sunlight to flicker in and out. “Hum.”
They silently pondered the power they possessed, as they had never used the weapon on a human being.

62
Rory escorted three wagons of wine, as all wine had been confiscated just in case it was tainted. They made their way across the open valley and were eventually spotted by Blair, Michael, Gray, and the small TowHum army. From high on a ridge, they were also aware that the Sawtee had gathered in an area now in his pathway. Michael suggested, he may need our assistance as Rory and the drivers were alone. But Blair stopped him explaining, “No, stop, he needs this.”
That made no sense to him, and he insisted and took off downhill. Blair didn’t want Michael and Rory in the valley when the weapon was used, or Gray, as he was the only ruler left for his people. Hopefully, the three wouldn’t draw the Sawtee out. That was the purpose of him being on the ridge. The plans were going awry. Blair looked up at the patchy sky and sent a small band of men after Michael.
As soon as Rory rode out where he could be spotted by the Sawtee, they gave pursuit. He was no match for the five soldiers who had given chase and was stopped despite Rory’s objection. “Just where do you think you're going with all that wine?” one cried.
“To dump it, it’s poison.” He tried to explain and motioned for the drivers to continue.
The soldiers laughed loudly, “Poison? You greedy lying merchants. You think that’s going to stop us from taking it?” They laughed more.
“I’m not lying. You should know.” He snarled.
The rowdy men circled him, and one rattled, “The only thing I know is, you're not taken that wine anywhere.” One soldier took off to stop the three wagons.
“Fools, I’m telling you the truth.” Feeling frustrated and threatened, he pulled his sword. “There are six of you. I’m confident I can take at least three. Which ones should it be?” He looked in their eyes. His blood pressure rose and his anger heated, and he condemned, these are the devils that killed my Lisa.
His eyes narrowed and his lips tightened, he wanted to return the kill. His words cut without caution. “Murdering cowards. Backward dim-witted, corrupt, immoral filth. Greedy nuisance. Loathsome murderers of innocence.” He spat loudly.
One, stopped the wagons and the drivers jumped off and ran. The others rushed Rory, and he understood this was a fight for his life. He had never had to kill a man, but when he felt a perusing point penetrate his back, his anger drew out the warrior he always was. Suddenly time slowed down, and he was more than he ever thought.
He stabbed one, and he fell. Then took down another quickly. He had engaged the others when his brother Yelled, “Rory, Rory, stop.” Elleyn came riding in hard. “Let them have it. Let it go.”
The field changed, the Sawtee felt out numbered and backed off. “Rory! Let them have it!” Elleyn pulled his sword and pointed it, “There, take it. You want it so badly, have it.” He looked at Rory bleeding, then glanced at the sky. The Sawtee stood dumbfounded as the two brothers backed off.
They gathered the drivers, who were still on foot. A short distance away they notice the Sawtee had reinforced, but they didn’t pursue the skirmish. They gathered their dead and wounded, took the wine and left. This was a wise move since Michael and others arrived shortly.
Up on the ridge, Blair sat a little taller in his saddle. How Von would envy him for this moment, he thought.

63
Von punched his fist to his palm. “I can’t see a thing. Nothing all day.” He stood in the window like a hungry lion.
Donna sat helplessly watching him fret. “Maybe nothing happened.”
“I can’t see if nothing’s happening. The least they could do is let me know what’s going on.” He took a quick glance at the guards below, then leaned out, looking for any possible escape. Flustered, he went back to pacing. “I’m going stir crazy locked up in here.”
Donna took a deep sigh, “Dearest, what you need is a cup of tea.”
He stopped and stared at her for a moment and almost cracked a smile, shaking his head and blinking his eyes.

64
At the orphanage, Rory laid on a table while Michael bandaged his wounds. Gray and Elleyn stood by watching. Elleyn explained that their grandfather was going to use the weapon, in the valley.
Elleyn shook his head and patted his bother on the shoulder. “Thanks for the moment, it may have been all we needed. Michael looked confused.
Gray asked, “Do you think they will all be dead by tomorrow?”
There was silence as no one knew the answer. Then Michael replied, “It will depend on the amount they ingest. I suspect the poison will be consumed first because…” he looked at Elleyn.
And Elleyn added with a smirk, “The poison turned the wine sweet. The monkeys were too spoiled to eat that grain plain. The wine sweetened it. At least their last meal was tasty.”

65
Von sat vexed, and Donna sat at a window, leaning out waiting for anyone who may know anything about the war or where her sons were.
“The sun was going down on the third day,” Von sulked, “and I have no idea how long he’s going to hold me here. I should…”
Donna interrupted him, “Heart, come quick. Look the guards below are leaving.”
Von dashed to the window, then the door, but found those guards were still there. He stood in the middle of the room searching, as Donna stood by attentively.
Moments later, Von was hanging from three stories on a makeshift rope of sheets and clothing. Half dressed, Donna leaned out the window, helping lower him down and keeping an eye out for guards. As he descended, she caught sight of some activity at the gate. She franticly tried to get Von’s attention with a loud whisper. “Heart, Heart.”
Von, now almost to the ground, looked up, and she pointed, and he attempted to turn. Donna lost a knot, and the rope tore, dropping him almost to the ground. He was dangling a few feet, when Donna let him go and he fell, with one of her more colorful dresses tangled around his neck.
He quickly recovered at the feet of a horse, Blair’s horse. Before Von could open his mouth, Blair tilted his head and with his fist to his hip declared with a smirky smile, “Know this, Warrior Prince of Towten, nothing you can say, or do, will ever silence or make me forget what I have just seen.”
Lucky for Von, Blair was alone.

66
It had been three days with no word from Lukon as to the battle. But rumors ran through Sawtee Palace that the king had recovered. Not wanting to face whatever consequences alone, he stayed in his room, pacing the floor like a caged animal.
Unable to take anymore, one morning before the sun came up, he snuck out to find his partner in corruption. He arrived in the valley and found it quiet. Men were throwing bodies onto the back of a cart.
They were all dead, he thought. But where was Lukon, he must also be dead. He asked the men, who appeared to be Qurods, “Was it a total loss? Is everyone dead?”
The men looked surprised and reported, “We only found six dead, and this is the last cart. They’re not dead, they are bewitched under some deep sleeping spell. We have been ordered to take them to the mines, where they are being shackled to work there for the rest of their lives.”
Alexious shook his head in disbelief, “No, and the leader? Lord Lukon? Is he there too? A well dressed noblemen? Have you seen him anywhere?”
“We have found no well dressed men here.” They went on about their work.
He felt wanted and hunted. Lukon was most likely dead. He slowly made his way home, cursing Lukon. “I failed, I’m ruined. You! This was all your idea. You think you can just die peacefully. Well, no, you're not. I will find your body and cut you to pieces, and leave it for the wolves.” He cried out loud. But he never found him and went home to face the king, alone.
While Alexious stayed locked in his room. Gabe had been in conference with the Cods, Sawtee and Qurods. There were a lot of misunderstandings and the Sawtee owed the Cods large. But it was understood that the king himself was also a victim.

67
Up on the ridge, looking over the valley, watching the cleanup, Elleyn, a bandaged Rory and young Gray said their farewells, laughing and looking over the battlefield. Gray asked, “What now, and how do I repay you?”
The brothers looked puzzled. “But we didn’t lift a finger.” Elleyn smiled. “You are now a king. We have no idea how to do that, and it will be an extremely long time before we need to know.” They snickered. “Our uncle Gabe may be where your appreciation is well deserved. And you may have a sudden population increase with all the travelers from TowHum looking for homes.”
King Gray bashfully smirked. “If you don’t mind, I would love to call on your princess Gabriella. Just to see if she gets her glow back.” They all roared heartily.
Meanwhile, back at home, Michael smugly entered the lab and handed a lab assistant the missing crystal. “I think you may be looking for this.” The man took it and nodded. Michael left with a pleasant smile of satisfaction. The assistant then turned to a box where he added it to others just like it.

68
The silence at the palace had driven Alexious crazy. The king never called him, no one dropped by or spoke to him, not even a nod. It was as if he didn’t exist. He went to the kitchen to get food, but no one spoke to him. He visited Lukon’s room, looking for clues of his demise. He found poison. And one day he found the room cleared of all belongings. Sick of hiding in the shadows, afraid that one day he may run into his uncle, he decided he had had enough.
The Sawtee king Morgan sat on his throne with the blue lady Farah, standing by his side. The room was full as many gathered to offer opinions on how to put the kingdom back together. Alexious stumbled through the door, drunk with wine. He drank from a jug as he bounced off the crowd, shabby and unkempt. Everyone drew back and cleared a space before the king.
He acted surprised, “Uncle, you’ve recovered. Well, while you were recovering, I took revenge on the TowHummy for poisoning you. TowHummy kingdom is now dead from the plague.” He stopped, looking confused, realizing he had mixed his story. “So, you can forget about your plans for me. I’m not going to those mines and I’m not going anywhere.”
His words were barely understood. “Here.” He guzzled wine from the jug in his hand, causing the king to wince. “We should have a toast to our victory.” He went for a goblet sitting on a small table and stumbled and fell, spilling the wine all over himself and the floor. He attempted to get on his feet but fell back into the puddle. He blurted out, lying on his back, pointing at the crowd. “Don't forget to write in our history, of what a great warrior I was, and how I…” He laughed loudly and fell limp. A guard ran to his side and announced that he was dead.
The king, who had not uttered a word during the entire spectacle, spoke somberly. “Unfortunately, young Alexious, you have seen to it that the only thing I will ever write in our history is…, your end!
Lukon stood on the deck of a ship days out at sea. A stranger asked, “Where did you say you came from?”
“Oh, I’m just a wandering merchant.” He answered as they sailed away into the fog.

69
About mid morning, Rory went to visit his mother, but she was nowhere to be found. He went to his father’s office, but he wasn’t there either. They should have been up and about by now, he thought. Last, he went to his father’s chambers, which used to be the rooms they shared.
At the door, Rory heard noise, so he knocked and expecting to greet his father, he went in. He picked up a note that had been slipped under the door.
Inside he found his mother stepping into her slippers. She gave him a sneaky smirk and a kiss on the cheek. His father was by a window, in a mirror shaving under a bowl of water. He picked up a note that had been slipped under the door.
Rory was speechless, smiling from ear to ear, he was ecstatic. “Mother, your back.” He hugged her tightly and handed her the note.
“Well,” she rolled her eyes. “I’m so glad you came by. You should know, I’m still not talking to him.” Rory’s mouth fell open, as he watched her swirl over and wrap her arms around her husband, laying her head on his back. “Dear one, tell your father I have a question for him.”
Rory asks, “Mother, what’s your question?”
“Dear one asks him, if we live forever, will he love me forever?”
Von turned, his face half covered in lather. In one hand he had a straight razor held out far and in his other arm he held Donna leaning backwards. “Son, tell your mother I said…” He looked away as if he had to think about it. “Hum, yes.”
They laughed as he kissed her, putting lather on her face. Donna had one arm sprawled out at the same time, with the letter in it. Both their eyes followed her arm to read the open note. With shaving cream on their faces, they looked at each other as if to wonder for a moment. Then responded in agreement. “NO.”
Shaking their heads, they laughed and kiss again. Donna let go of the letter and put her arms around Von. The letter floated to the floor and Rory picked it up. It read… You are invited to a glimmer tea party!…

70
Earlier that morning, the king and queen were having breakfast, back at old TowHummy palace. She had the invitation in her hand. “Oh, how wonderful. Just what we need, it’s a must go! Heart!”
The king gave an agreeable, “Hum.”
The End

Before Donna and Von retired for bed, he closed out the last rock torch near the mirror and scratched his head with both hands. What, he thought, he backed up and looked in the mirror. In the dim light of the room, there was a glow, emitting from the top of his head. When he turned around, he found Donna setting up in bed watching him, stunned.

Enchanted Kings and Kingdoms Book 6
As predicted, Queen Kissna was right and the snowball was only the first one. All the residents of TowHummy would come to glow in the dark, except one!
With all the wonderous gifts of the healing waters in the beginning, after many years it started to manifest adverse symptoms. Michael described it, “Like feeling old, but not at all old.” This took a tool on their spirit, even the king had dark bouts of despair.

Please feel free to leave a review. The other five stories can be found at www.smashword.com
