
Blood Mountain

by

A. Foster

BooksbyAFoster.com

All rights reserved.
Copyright A. Foster, Ann Foster, Annette Foster
c/o BooksbyAFoster.com
Smashwords Version

"This is a work of fiction.
Names, characters, places, and incidents
are the products of the author's imagination
or are used “fictitiously”.
Any resemblance to actual events,
locales, or persons, living, dead,
mistaken for dead,
or undead,
is
entirely 
coincidental."

Thank you.


This book is dedicated to my guy... my cowboy...
because he only reads "westerns". 

I also wish to say a very special thank you... 
to my "claimed" father.

The wonderful cover art for this book was designed by 
Aimee Simmons, craftyk9@outlook.com
www.facebook.com/craftyk9 

Table of Contents

1. Bounty of War or Finders Keepers

2. Welcome?

3. Going Back

4. Build a Fire

5. Maps, Secrets and Skipping Rocks!

6. Deals in the Dark

7. The River

8. Scavengers Make Trades

9. The Value of Gold

10. The Second Son

11. Visiting Relatives

12. As the Eagle Flies, the Bear Tracks

13. Watching the Detectives

14. Gamblers, Take their winnings and run!

15. Criss-cross, applesauce...

16. The Days of Wild Flowers and Wind Songs

17. The Home Coming

18. Lessons about life on the range...

19. Words, Deeds and Wills

20. Collecting Flowers

21. Back to the Crossing

22. The Map, The Scene of the Crime

23. The German

24. The Actions of Others, Guilty by Proximity

25. Always moving forward. 

26. Pigeons, Curriers... the Express

27. How long is the night?

28. A Home Coming, an Arrest, a Jail Sentence, but No Justice.

29. When Time Stands Still

30. Every Mountain has a Pass

31. The Gate to Heaven, and the Entrance to Hell

32. Olympus is a Myth

33. Home Again, Crowned and Uncrowned

34. The Story of Wolves and Sheep

35. The Birth of a Son, the Delight of a Daughter

Glossary
General Information, Names Places, and Events
Diary Exerts and Quotes by Important Characters

New and Upcoming Books

God Bless

1) Bounty of War or Finders Keepers

The thick, white... canvas cover on the heavy wagon whipped back and forth in the harsh icy wind. The cold, a biting force looking for ways to take what it wanted and give nothing back but pain and death. The material had come untied somehow, and no one had corrected the problem. There was no one left able to do much about anything. The night was close, and the last rays of this day's light diminished in the distance. The dark mountains appeared like standing giants... too far away to care, and too large to be considered anything but flat, dime-store paintings against the horizon. They were truly lovely, but they were also no help at all. The spectacular star-filled sky would soon stretch from one end and back again; to the very edge... of eternity, or so it seemed. It would offer no solace, no comfort, and more apparent than the rest, no hope.

The cooking fire was long dead. Ashes were all that remained, blown about carelessly in the wind as well. Soon there would be no evidence at all of the warmth that the conflagration had once provided. That was a good thing, because a blaze of any kind, unattended in this weather would have been hazardous. The foothills in this part of the country were a common place for brush fires. It was bad enough... generally... with many signs of the great damage done by lightning strikes or other natural- phenomena. The addition of fires caused by accidental sources was unnecessary and unwanted. The violent storms; monsoons in summer and sheer ice and bitter-cold rain in winter, were frequent, but fast-moving. Survival of both horrific; but natural events by those that called this home was a constant battle.     

Wintertime in this seemingly dead terrain, this wild place of nothingness... was ruthless.  It brought freezing temperatures for the unprepared and fatal mistakes were often made by the unwary. The result... deadly. 

The summers here, were not much better, offering blazing heat, and relentless thirst made them just as foreboding. The parameters of that hell, just a different set of variables. It too was just another kind of bad, but that "time" was very far off. No matter, help was not coming, either way; at least any kind that was easily recognizable.

The once strong and beautiful horses that had pulled the wooden home on wheels for miles and miles were still hitched. They were tightly attached to the wagon, their harness tied too firmly for small hands to release. That was particularly true when those same hands belonged to a little girl that had not eaten for days. The remembrance of drink... of clear, pure water an echo of that same problem. Empty boxes and containers were evidence of supplies that had all run out. Jugs, and a few barrels with nothing but dust at their bottoms... were solid proof of the dire circumstances. The fact was there would be no aid. "Finished", was equal to the end of everything. The story was obvious, and it was already written in the cards. A specific point in time was the only capricious piece still left unknown.  A place, a space of a few breaths, and then there would be none... Silence would take over and death would solve every issue that was at hand. It... that instance; was at the very least, currently closer than it had ever been before.

 One of the mighty work animals lay dead on the ground where it had fallen days earlier. While the other was probably not long for the world, it was still alive, barely. Lack of water, the most likely cause of the first death. That, sad circumstance had only worsened. Yet the remaining living beast was still stolidly standing in place, like a statue carved from stone. Again, it was also just a matter of time...before it too joined its near-perfect match.  Both were a testament to the severe, relentless, reality of the cruel trail.

The basic fact on a long list of "things all gone wrong". There was no water. There had been no water for a long time. Maybe if she went and looked? Maybe if she tried? But to what end? The way they had come had been flat and lifeless, mostly. There were scrub bushes and short trees with thorns sometimes, but not much else. Slowly the desert itself had taken hold... and the promise of anything but thirst was left. There had been no sign of spring or creek at all. Miles and miles they had come and nothing had changed, or at least nothing that small eyes could see or pick out as helpful. The areas along the trail or what they thought was the path had shown promise for a while. It had been a mirage. The wagon had become lost, and the occupants; given over to fate. Father's fever was worse than even he knew... but he kept going.

The dirt... the sand... the rock...!

The washes and areas where water once flowed... possibly; were all empty at the moment. Every one of them, the sandy rocky areas they had passed had been bone dry. The indications of monster floods, gushing rushing waters; all momentary. Their measured appearance, now nothing more than shadows... of dark water. The eye picking up only the echoes of violent torrents that had shaped the land. The force of their passing having etched great gouges in the soil, and then moved on, forever. However, regardless of size, they were all completely dry now. The after prints of their torrential presence left as ruts in the hard, unforgiving ground. It was the time between storms. Just the wind, howling... crying, and even screaming every night non-stop. It went on until just before dawn, then and only then it would quit, at least for a while. 

It made teeth chatter
and the bones rattle...
for all things  living,
life is never easy...

The girl's father had told her to always beware. He would point out such areas... those same places... the whip marks in the sand, the drag marks of trees and rocks..., and tell her, his sweet daughter of murky possibilities. They, the dry rivers of sand and powder... would be, or at least... could be;  suddenly full of raging... running water... in times of storm. It did not even have to happen nearby. The heavy clouds could dump huge amounts of rain... far up in the distant mountains. The torrent would then run down and fill the barren washes with a violent, angry... sludge-like mixture of bracken. It was a truly damaging force of nature, not to be taken lightly. Just because those areas did not always look dangerous, one should never take them for granted. Father had told her lots of things like that... before he was gone.

Yet... there was no water, no water anywhere.
Ghostly... vacant streams of dust, 
ethereal echoes of soundless waves... all empty signs that marked the landscape.

Grandmother moaned low and tried to keep the pain to herself. Her body was on fire with the fever now and the battle was not going well. Time, the ending of her story was closer than ever before. The old woman was very important, or even "all" important to the little girl. Margaret Athens was her given name. She had raised Max, Sarah's father when his own mother passed. That had happened just after her own father's birth. Margaret was claimed as family. Sarah only knew her as Ma or Grandma. That is how Margaret preferred it. She had come to love Sara Houston as her own grandchild as well..., in all ways of true importance. 

Sarah watched in mental agony as she could do nothing. The sickness had stripped away every thought of optimism and replaced it with sorrow and the tangible presence of fear. Loss; an evil force... persistent and unwanted, now a visitor, no longer a stranger at all... was hanging just nearby. "It" kept to the shadows, but "It" could still be seen. 

This sequence of nightmare events was not at all like what happened with Sarah's own mother. That had been a wasting sickness. That is what the strange man at the hospital had told father. He was not a doctor like the others. No. He was very different than that. His words made Max more than a little angry too, Sarah could tell. Her dear father was not convinced by the stranger's words. 

The bad man wore a tall red hat on his head; Sarah's mind filled in the picture for only a moment. It was a top hat but not of a normal or typical color. It looked funny? It stood out of place if anyone cared to question. No one did. Sarah could not or would not choose to remember more, at least at this time. Regardless of his words one way or the other, it had still taken months before Victoria, Sarah's mother died. Sarah had watched her wither away day after day until gone. This sickness now however was very different. It was an illness that spread from one to another. It killed the weak easily and took the strong at random. It, whatever "it" really was, had swept through the wagon train and left many dead. Some called it the pox, other the measles. There was no real doctor around to be the voice of truth and fact. Really, it did not matter as names of ailments, viruses, and the like meant very little at such a young age. The result all added up to the same outcome. Sarah was more than well acquainted with the fatality of those she loved in all cases. It would be okay with her if she never knew... as there was no way to really explain "deep loss". That was, however; the only definition in her heart to all of it.

For a while, they, the wagon train boss and the elders that controlled the power and decisions kept things together. They let the slow... sick ones stick with them. But..., they were made to travel at the end of the very long train. They were allowed to follow as they could. The problem was that most could not follow at all... or at least at the pace the main train needed to keep. The story repeated itself each time. The evil of plague worked that way. It would be the "touch" of the grim reaper calling them into the darkness. It would take one member than another and then worst of all, the hunter and/or the breadwinner... the one that kept all the others in their family, alive. That would mean the death of the rest of their party. No one on the train itself would help, as they all feared "it" would pass again among them. 

One wagon after another met a fate never considered. They had all packed well and planned hard, but "sick"... was just plain sick. No one truly had control over that. So the landscape had been littered with left behind parcels... humans, animals, and dreams alike. Dead beside the trail, they were all evidence of the severity, and relentlessness of the contagion. Sarah and her family were not the first at all. Maybe they were not the last, but she would never know.

Sarah just waited and waited. She listened intently to grandma... barely breathe. For a while she counted..., then she stopped. The time between intakes and exhales had grown steadily slower. Even a kid, knew what that meant.  

Father had died three days before... or was it four? The man's prone body still lay in the open. There was no hope of putting it under the ground. At just barely seven; digging a grave was not possible. It would have been difficult for a man much less a child. Sarah had tried to cover him up where he lay on the frozen earth. He had fallen and never moved again. The girl had used one of her beloved mother's patchwork quilts. The very memory of her sweet mother was enough to blind her with tears. The idea she had to drag the fine cloth through the dirt at this time, in this bad place, was a task nearly but not quite impossible. Sarah had used her favorite one, the really pretty one, the one with sunflowers in every square. That was true save the one square alone, in which Victoria had sewn a single special flower... It was white, with small leaves and green vines. It was the sign of her ancestor's family crest. It was the sign of her mother's people, the "clan". The whole project had taken a very long time to sew together. It was the last one she had completed before she had passed away.

The wasting sickness had found and claimed Victoria, the young beautiful woman early in life. The man in the red hat had said as much. He had come and gone. He never appeared again. It had happened only one time. 

As for the sickness, there had been no stopping it. Victoria Houston had never been a super strong individual, health-wise. It was a flaw of some kind, not in the planning of things. When she got seriously sick it had been hard on Sarah's father. When Victoria eventually died; the event had torn the man in two, helpless to fight a foe... unseen. The untouchable villain of a faceless monster, "consumption". The loss had been especially hard on the big man, and going west was the opportunity to start over, and try to forget. He had taken his claimed mother Margaret; already living with them at that time and his little daughter on the ambitious trip of a lifetime. It was to be an adventure and a chance at freedom. His wife had made clear the dark history of her past, and that there would be repercussions from her death... possibly. It was all for the right reason; to go to a new land. The idea was to start clean, to break free. It had obviously... not gone as planned.

Victoria Loraine Houston, Sarah's mother had come from a family of good breeding, and "they" did not favor her marriage. It had been a point of contention, but in the end... "agreement" had been moot. After all, a woman is just a commodity and not of the same importance as a son or sons. Had there been no male children this might have been a different story. 

Regardless, once Sarah's mother passed away, and her father became a single parent, "they" the "family" we're on a mission. There had been "gossip" heard by many; of "them" coming for the little girl... one way or another...  Once Victoria, her full name... Victoria Loraine Andrews-Hawks-Houston; but she preferred, simply Vicky Houston had been placed into the ground, the time had come. "They" were going to take Sarah back, and raise her among "them". That was the right way, the respectable way... the only way, or so it was stated. But that would never happen. Sarah's father, Max Houston, promised mother, on her death bed that he would make sure of it. Sarah was afraid of this wild place, but her short memories of the clan were not favorable either. Father was a great man and Sarah never understood anything about why so many people were so mad. None of it made a lot of sense over what seemed to be nothing. Sarah's parents had been in love and Sarah was happy about that. Feuding and fighting were nonsense, and a waste of "life" or so her father always maintained. He was a common-sense fellow and unshakeable in his belief, God... Family... and Country. Sarah's mother fully agreed.  

Sadly, now, the lovely heirloom blanket her mother had sewn with adoring hands would be the forever garden to cover and comfort her precious father. That made it all bearable... somehow, at least in a small way. The girl was probably in "shock";... but Sarah would never fully get over what was happening even if she lived through it. Yet her eyes were open then and now. Sarah would not look away. It was not in her blood to run and hide... so she watched into the gathering darkness of the coming night... with open eyes, as steadily as she could. Fear was not going to help, so action was the right plan. 

Between fear and faith is the wilderness of the unsure.
Saying and quotes spoken out loud  by Max Houston

It had been hard to lay the blanket across the stillness, the vessel that had been the man, prone... eternally cold. All the while Sarah had worked, tears had streamed down her face. But she had been quiet, and silent. She had remained hushed on purpose; as she could. Sarah did not want to have anything or anyone notice her or the focus of her attention, there on the ground.

The night was cold and getting colder.
Winter was in control of the land.
It was a grip; tight as steel... and felt by all.

Sarah had piled rocks all over the top of the spread until nothing could be seen of the lovely sunshine yellow, and warm-golden flowers at all. Every beautiful square, every cheerful shade of light and warmth... was hidden, and every stitch, unseen... but the love it held now and forever, sheltered her father. In the end, it was a fairly huge mound. It had also taken a lot of energy, and her hands hurt from the effort. Sadly, the reality; it was a poor attempt at a burial, but it was all that she could do. Sarah herself was weak from lack of food. The water too had run out, all of it. Going for help crossed Sarah's mind again, but out in this wilderness, there was no help to be had. The only possibility of any at all had been the wagon train itself. Fear of the sickness had made that impossible from the first sign of the bad wind, the demise of so many. Those still alive and well enough to travel were doing just that, as fast as the weather would allow. The goal for most, California and gold, or maybe the more northern route, Oregon? There they would find trees and good farmlands. Each traveler had their reasons, and none were willing to stop. To do so, more than likely would cost them and those they loved... everything.

This land was harsh,
and harsh were the decisions that had to be made... constantly.

Mike Frost had sure lived up to his name.   That was the man that led the train of hopeful pilgrims. Frost... a "killing frost"... He was the wagon master, or so he liked to be called... directly. To clarify it was either "Master" as if he were the deity of all..., or plain "Sir"! The undertow is that no one liked the man... no one at all. 

Cold as could be; the mean, emotionless man had condemned Sarah's family to death. The others had not dared to cross Frost, the "divine being". He had kept them alive on the trail up to that point and was not a man to be questioned. His authority was supreme. It was not just his size, which was huge by any standard, but his manner that demanded compliance. He looked "hard" like the big rocks that they sometimes passed by on the trail. The ones that had been there forever, and likely would remain so.

That was the way of things on the trail. It was accepted and not questioned. Mr. Frost was generally clean-shaven, which seemed out of place compared to the rest of his facade. It mattered little, as he still looked dirty always, in every other way. As for Sarah, it was his face that mirrored his name best. He never smiled. He never laughed or said anything to anyone that was not an order. That was just his way. Sarah had been engaged, riveted by... his ugly steel-blue eyes. She noted the rest of him too of course, but the eyes were otherworldly. They were the kind her grandmother would give to monsters in childhood stories. They... looked right through a person.

Sarah never liked Mr. Mike Frost, or rather Sir... from the start. His six-foot frame was a reflection of true "cold" in the way he moved. He pushed smaller people around on purpose, just because he was able... He was careless of others, their feelings, or their physical forms. To get in his way was to ask for trouble.

Frost's uniform, his clothing... warn in places, said much about his past. He was in control back then, the war. Probably the Mexico-American conflict. Sarah had no idea. He was some kind of low-level officer... and now was going to be no different... or else. Just because the battle had ended, and peace had been made... changed little or nothing. Perhaps the pilgrims were not recruited to be pushed around, but the premise was the same. The war was only recently over with the southern country, Mexico, and many of the men had found new positions, new jobs, new careers from their past. This one, however, "Frost" was still carrying much of the dirt found in battle with him. Either by accident, choice, or just plain destiny, he was damaged. Even Sarah could tell he was not a good man, and his passion for power was real.

Father had joined the wagon train and paid a great price to be included. The reason for that; there was safety in numbers. People could depend on each other and together they could do great things, or at least that was his stance. Now, was a different story, and the teachings of a new mantra were at hand. That being; survival of the fittest, and the lion's share is always greater than you think...; both are top on the list. Those lessons were life-changing and deadly. They, Sarah's family were now too far from anywhere to turn back, and there was "nowhere" to go on to, at least for them. When the big man came to their wagon... days ago... and spoke loudly his words were law. They, Sarah's kin... had the sickness and they were no longer allowed to be with the train. No one came forward to object. A few watched, a few others whispered, but there was no opposition or dissent in the end.

Father complied with the big man. He had done so without argument. Sarah knew it was not because her father had been a coward. No! He was the greatest hero in her life. He could do nothing wrong and he never failed. Well, at least until now... It was because of the sickness. Father understood. So far it had just been grandma, that was the woman he called mother... but she had it bad. Perhaps even then... that day... he had also known he too was sick. So long ago... Papa had left their little valley, they once called home for a new and perhaps greater dream. They had been sharecroppers, father's family anyway. Well, at least most all his family before now. This new land they were going to, it would have been their own. They would have farmed it for themselves and been truly free. This journey was to be a chance at something wonderful.

"It is okay, father." Sarah voiced softly out loud to no one.

Sarah had watched that first day as the line of wagons moved off into the distance. They were not friends, but they were not enemies. They were simply other families and other "people", going the same way, at the same time. Now they were doing it without her and her family. That was all true except for one. Tina Lu. She had been Sarah's best friend, from their very first meeting. It had been at the gathering point for all the wagons. Many people met many others there before setting out for the west. The two girls had come across each other in Missouri. Both were nearly the same age, both loved to laugh and talk like they had known each other forever and as far as they were concerned they had. A secret promise never to forget their friendship was all that was left now. It made life bearable for a little while. Sarah was the most broken over Tina's loss at that time. However, that was just the beginning of many more to follow.  Although the two girls came from very different backgrounds, it did not seem to matter at all. Friendships that are meant to be... just happen and are. They had become bound to each other, but only fate, herself knew if their paths would cross again. 

The "goodbye" day, had ripped them apart. Just like the plans regarding so many other things, all just paper... equal to hope; dreams... torn, burned and made into ash.   

Tina, pretty..., smart..., dark-haired,... dark-eyed, Tina... had waved from the back of her family's wagon. She had continued to do so until the wooden home had moved far, far away into the distance. It was a sight Sarah would never forget. It was burned into her heart, even in this cold place. Tina had truly not stopped waving at all, or starring back... for a very long time... she just could no longer be seen by Sarah. She was broken in her own fashion. Her family's wagon relentlessly moved away into the unknown ahead. The difference was, they still had a goal. Sarah's family... did not.

Tina was gone, and there was nothing to help for that now. Sarah could not even bring tears to her own eyes any longer. Father had tried to be brave for Sarah's sake, but his eyes told the truth. They were all as good as dead. It was only a matter of time. Sarah was not new to death. Her mother, Victoria had died just a few years before. That had been a bad sickness of a different kind. They called it consumption. That was the final evil word in her head. Sarah was still confused by what that really was or had been, but it mattered little. Death was death regardless. The trip to the new land to the west had been her father's idea to get a fresh start. It would be a new life for his daughter in a place supposedly filled with giant trees. Her father had talked about it often. "Oregon". Now he lay silent and did not "talk"... anymore.

The cold was bitter and sadly growing even harsher with the night oncoming. There was no sign of an end. Then... quite suddenly... there were riders outside of the wagon. Sarah heard the slightest rustling of sound. She was focused. Nothing was missed. 

How? How in all the turmoil can one "thing" be more important than another?
The answer; when your heart races a thousand times faster in a single moment...
you know... you just know. That is the answer.

It was not like the rest, not like the wind at all, with its insidious howling like a wild animal. No. This was set apart... way more dangerous... The resonance was much lower but the reference was far more hazardous in a different way. She had been "carefully", attentively gathering information. The patterns of things helped her stay quiet and not lose control. This new noise was altogether more serious than any others so far. It was not pieces of things being blown about or blown by. It was not an untamed animal, although she expected that to happen sooner or later. The smell of death always draws attention. Yet it was not that either. It was not from the big horse,  Sam. He, the poor beast was still alive, but not for long either. Sarah loved him so much, but there was no way to help him, she could not even help herself. The noise... there it was again. This time, closer than before.  

Petrified, but without choice... she dared to peek out of the wagon, not wanting to look at all, but no longer daring to ignore it. The answer was right there. Seven dark shapes on seven dark mounts. That is what she could see, fairly clearly, discerned from the shadows of nothing but black. The forms, they were men, talking strangely to each other. They were Indians. Sarah was young but not stupid. They had come to take what they could, and kill. It was the fate of those left behind, all knew it.  

Grandma... or rather... Ma's eyes were closed. Ma was the short name Sarah called the kind woman. Max thought of her as his own mother so Sarah claimed her too. By the soft wheezing; inhalation and exhalation of her breathing Sarah, was sure she had finally fallen asleep. The whole day before she had been talking funny. At one point she spoke about gold, and another... calling out in strange languages. In between episodes of madness and clarity, Margaret would grab Sarah's arm and plead for her to run and keep running. Then she would let go of her grip and cry a while. Lastly, she called for someone... named Star? The fever was very high at that time Sarah could tell, as she was hot to the touch. The little girl had no idea who Star might be?, but it mattered little. It was just a word among so many lost in half-spoken... gibberish. 

At times, Sarah had taken a small paper-constructed fan and cooled her sweet Ma's face. Tina had shown her the secret, mystery of paper folding, just after they had met. It had been a new skill suddenly found very useful. A page from the book Ma kept as a diary had been sacrificed, but it had been for the right cause. Now, she was resting. Finally! It would not be good to rouse her.  Sara was not even sure she could. Father did not wake back up when he was close to the end. He just closed his eyes. That was okay with Sarah as it was a bit more peaceful. She made herself believe that it made dying easier.

Oddly, Sarah thought all along that Ma would die first. Maybe then "father" would take them on, to the train. But as she suspected he was sick too. He did not show it right off, but it was true. Sarah just did not think he would go first, into the heavens.  

Fear filled Sarah like; cold water in a glass. It filled her to the top and threatened to overwhelm her. Fear of losing all that she held close. Fear of being alone. Fear of dying. At her age, each separately and together combined to become a huge lump inside her very being. Sara was sick of it. Sick of all of it. A new feeling seeped into her belly. It was a hard knot of anger. It grew quickly. These Indians were more than likely going to kill her and her grandmother without a second thought. So there was little or nothing left to lose.

Sarah glanced around. Father's gun was not in the wagon. In fact, she could not remember where it was at the moment. Slowly she moved to the front of the buckboard wagon to where father normally sat to drive. There she slipped out of the canvas opening and onto the bench. Then without thinking any further about it, she leaped down to the ground. There were a few small rocks next to the wheel. In one swift motion, she grabbed two up and ran right out into the open.

"Go away!" Sarah screamed at the top of her lungs. "Go away now!" Picking out the closest rider she drew her arm back and let fly the first stone. It hit his pony square on the nose. The beast reared back, startled by the sudden attack. "Go away I tell you!" The shrill reckless tone of her small voice conveyed a multitude of emotions. It was a ghostly wail over the still present ice wind. Despair, grief, and above all anger fed her impulsive action. It also gave her strength she really did not have in the way of adrenalin. "Now!" The last word was a command and challenge all in one. If they were going to kill her they best do it now, by Sarah's way of thinking.

Brown Bear was offended, but ever so slightly amused. It had been his horse that bore the brunt of her attack. Not giving much thought to it, he motioned the other riders to move in and take what they wanted. They had been out raiding for some time and this was the best they had come across so far. This was "easy pickings".

Sara drew back with all her might, and threw the second rock she held in reserve, missing both the rider and the horse this time. It was however noticed by Brown Bear that he was still being defied by this small female child. Sarah squared up, her shoulders, and stood tall, her feet apart. It was the best challenge she could give. Defiance! It had been the same stance that had worked against Charlie Meyers. That was the kid at the church picnic who had teased her about her braids. He had backed down. In fact, he had stopped teasing her altogether after that day. Sarah was not going to let this time be any different if she could help it.

The other men continued forward. All was lost, Sarah knew.

Then, unexpectedly another voice rang out, "Leave her!" This time it was Tall Feather. It was not a command, as Brown Bear was obviously the leader, but more of a statement of decision. He was not even sure himself why he had spoken, but knew well to follow his deeper impulses.  

Brown Bear looked over at Tall Feather. There was respect there, both ways. Each had been friends for their whole lives. Only recently their powerful placements had been given in the tribe. It had come on them... pressed before their time. It did not matter as they both were ready and raised to be so. One man was to lead the tribe and had already done well in a short period, while the other took care of the "unseen". What that meant was harder to describe. He was also responsible for the general health and well-being of the people. The men were not equal in power, but they were equally powerful.

One glance is all he needed. Brown Bear turned his mount around and rode back out of the camp. The other men did not proceed with their acquisitions, they did not question anything, they just turned and followed. Brown Bear was an excellent leader even if he was still rather young. His father, Running Bear had died unexpectedly. It had been a bad time for a while after that for the whole tribe. However Brown Bear had proved out. He had found what they needed when they needed it and led with patience and strength, just as his father had.

The young leader really had no idea why Tall Feather was against the actions of his men, but a flood of memories from the past led him to know; there was always a reason. Tall Feather was a good man, and he felt close to him, just like brothers. It was hard to be that now, with so many demands on his own life. But, Brown Bear was still thankful; he could remember always. Brown Bear knew this time... his time to lead... would be better than it ever could be, because of his friend's contributions and wisdom. He did not take the man lightly. 

All the Indians left... except one.

Tall Feather... the medicine man...  lingered. He kept his horse still and his body like stone. His stare measured everything. The age of the girl, the color of her hair, and more importantly her facial features. The expression he read there easily echoed more than simple stupid bravery. A grown adult warrior could only hope to have such strength of intent. 

The man, the medicine man was dark-eyed, well-muscled, and older than her father, Sarah could see. His face was marked by a smeared, white-painted-hand-print that covered his cheek and neck area. It made him look scarier than the others in a way Sarah could not explain. One part of her wanted to jump up and down in relief that the rest of the men had left. How could that be? How could that happen? The other part was sure that the danger had not passed. In fact, it had in some way increased.

Tall Feather looked up at the great moon in the sky, and then he recited some strange words Sarah could hear him clearly but could not understand. Then he too turned his horse away from the camp and just left. He went like all the rest.

Sarah fell to the ground shaking. It was not from the cold this time, but from the overwhelming terror that had ultimately consumed her. After a long while, she dared to move again. She dared to get up. Hours had passed and it was now just before dawn. The wind had begun to calm down, at least a bit. The morning was close. Shaking all over Sarah moved back to the wagon and climbed in next to her Grandmother. Why they, the men... had left was beyond her? They could have done anything, and Sarah had figured that was their plan. Take what was left of her family's possessions and kill them. They had not. Sarah pulled the blankets close around herself and Ma, then closed her eyes. If she was to see the morning sun it was up to God. If not, then resigning herself to die with her grandmother there in the wagon was all that was left to do.

The wind had stopped completely. There was a chill in the air, but not as bad as all the days before. Sarah woke, keeping her eyes shut for a few, very long heartbeats. Praying, really. Perhaps by some crazy chance, she could just wish herself back home to the little valley. For that matter, she wanted to be back in time too... back when her mom was still alive and life was safe. Maybe she would never be safe again? If she opened her eyes, Sarah knew that reality would come crashing back in and she would be in the wagon. Ultimately there was no choice so she accepted her fate and opened her eyes.  Then she checked her grandmother's brow. Still a fever there, but not as hot as before, yet still too hot.

Sounds outside the wagon filled her with fear once again. The men were back? They were doing something upfront by Sam, the last horse? Perhaps it was not the men at all, but the poor thing simply dying? Sara drew the last of her strength together and got up. She moved to the opening at the wagon front and peered out. The man with the painted face was back, only him. He had his hand on Sam and was softly talking to the animal. Sarah could not begin to understand what the man was saying but he did not seem to be hurting the horse. In fact, he had cut the leather straps and released him altogether.  Sarah was thankful in her heart... as she had tried several times and failed. Then the stranger led Sam away from the hitch, talking quietly to him the whole time.

Slowly the Indian pulled a pouch from his waist. Methodically he put his right hand into it and pulled it back out. It was covered in the same white stuff that matched the color of the painted print on his face. Then he placed his hand on the bridge of Sam's nose. All the while he moved... he spoke in an odd sing-song manner.

"You are a strong one and have traveled far. I would keep you as my own, but you must understand that may not be. You belong to the crazy child. She still has hope and therefore will not come with me until all is lost. So, I set you free." Tall Feather moved to Sam's rear and slapped him hard. He whinnied and ran off out of the camp.

The Indian noted that the house on wheels had sounds within. Obviously, the girl was awake. Why he bothered with her, Tall Feather was not sure. Something tugged at him from the night before. It was a feeling, an emotion... not to be ignored. He did not have clear words for the powerful pull and sensation of movement he had... but the sentiment and sensation were real.  It was a director of his very spirit traveling; forward in his life. This little one had the courage that reflected the likeness and similarities of his own daughter. That was an important point. Tiny Bird had guts too. That is before she had died two summers back. There had been a raid. She had not been taken. Tiny Bird had stood her ground also before the warriors that had come that night. By all accounts, she had even ended the life of one of the attackers, before her own had been taken. That was something to be proud of, and to remember. Bravery and courage were a "blessed" mark made on an individual. It did not matter to Tall Feather if it were a daughter or son, he would have been just as proud. But he was also, just as empty... with Tiny Bird gone.

Tall Feather did not look at the wagon directly. Hearing the movements within the giant wooden cart was enough. She would be watching him. She would be afraid of course. Stupid if not. Stupid was not worth his time. Valiant, now that was worth everything. Brown Bear might have let her live. He may even have brought her back to the tribe as a slave or to be adopted as one of them. Brown Bear did not understand that in taking a thing and making it yours forcibly, sometimes changed it. If you wanted it to be true, you had to do things differently. Tall Feather had admired the daring it took to stand before the family, his family and defy them. That was mad magic. It was the very spirit of a thing that needed to be preserved. Tall Feather was the tribe's medicine man. He had been forced into the role early after the raid that took Tiny Bird. Silver Fox the old medicine man had died as well. Up until then, he had been teaching Tall Feather to take his place, but that should not yet have been for many moons. That raid had changed much. Brown Bear would probably not have listened to him last night if it had not been for the respect the man had for Tall Feather's position. The man knew he had stepped out of the shadows to stand up for her... this little weed? Why? That still eluded even him. Time would have to give him that answer. His thoughts were clouded.

The Indian walked back to his horse. He pulled a pouch of food and a skin of water off its back and tossed them toward the fire ring. Then without hesitation, he mounted, turned, and rode out.

Sarah watched him go without moving a muscle. Finally, her grandmother moaned softly. Sarah looked over. She grew quiet again. 

Hungry, thirsty, and consumed with curiosity, Sarah opened the wagon flap a bit wider and jumped down.  She walked over to the bags and peered inside. The pouch was full of dried meat. The skin was full of water.

Why had he helped?

Quickly she ran back, bringing both treasures with her to the wagon. Once safely inside she dared to drink from the skin provided. Then she carefully helped Ma to do the same. She tried her best and kept trying. Then she opened the bag of meat and placed a small portion into a little cup of water. It was all she could think to do, to soften the stiff pieces. In the end, it did not work. Ma, would not, or simply could not eat.

A handful of days passed one into the next. Each morning, just before dawn there would be a new skin of water and a small amount of additional food. It would be placed in exactly, the same place, each, and every time. Sarah never saw the Indian again as he left the items. But she knew it was him.  

The young girl watched as her grandmother grew weaker and finally passed away. Sarah found she had no tears at all to give that day, at that time. Instead, she was numb inside and hollow in some areas of her heart that may never "feel" again. Small hands removed the pendant Ma wore around her neck, and then placed it around her own. A cross, of solid silver, was hanging as a charm at the end. The last moment had come. Sarah was alone. She was sad, but she was not sick.

The wild-faced... man... had returned twice more since Ma's passing. He continued to leave the water and food even still, never staying long, never attempting to confront her in any way. Today, however... was different.

The sun rose ever so slowly high in the sky. Sarah put her best Sunday dress on. She gathered a few belongings in a bag... slung the strap over her shoulder and went outside. There she stood just at the edge of the open area, nearer the fire ring and further from the wagon. There she waited.

It was a bright beautiful day, despite all the bad things that had happened.
 
The Indian man, the stranger...  approached the camp slowly... walking his horse in. 
 
Tall Feather had watched from afar the whole time... He had kept predators away. He had kept the rest of the tribe... away. The man had waited for what he knew would come. Finally, he felt the passing of the "evil cold", the "one" that comes and takes. He knew death had visited... and collected whatever was its due. The iciness was gone, but the emptiness, the vacant sorrow it left behind was tangible still. 

Tall Feather continued in... closer and closer. He finally stopped... and waited. He wanted it to be her... not him that made the first real move. 

Staying with the wagon was only going to get her killed. Ma was gone. There was no way to bury her. There was nothing else that could be done, as there was no one left. Sarah had kissed the old woman's brow for the very last time. Then she had made a decision. Maybe it was already made for her, but somehow she felt she still had the smallest, "say". The girl climbed out of the wagon, full knowing it was the only way ahead. That had given her power of purpose. 

Now she was in the open. Sarah stood only about five or six paces from her benefactor. She was afraid of course. Their eyes met and they stared directly at each other for a moment or two... only slightly longer than the beat of a hummingbird's heart. In that instance, Sarah had been gathered, and it was understood. She could think of nothing, no other options, but to go with him. What that meant, she had no idea. Nothing had ever prepared her for this next season. That is what Ma always told her about life. It was broken into seasons. Some were better than others, but they all came and passed. At the moment... she was not dead, and a chance at life had been given.

Sarah walked slowly forward... right up to the strange man. He watched her face carefully. The fear had already started...draining away, he could tell. He had been right. This one; was fearless. Then the Indian lifted her with both hands under her arms. He placed her lightly on his beautiful horse with the handprint mark. Sarah would come to know that handprint was Tall Feather's sign. It would soon be her sign as well.
 2) "Welcome?"

The ride from the "dead" camp into the wilderness... was the very real line between opposite worlds... Once crossed you might come back, but you would never be the same. Everything learned before the "now", was useless or deemed to be at this time. Perhaps that could prove to be a mistake, and maybe it was... so far there seemed no choice. The very effort to move forward was nearly... if not completely, overwhelming!

Tall Feather sat behind Sarah on the big pony. The man smelled strong, the odor; like that of leather and dried meat. It was not a bad smell. His frame was near giant-sized compared to Sarah's own. He was much larger than her father too, by comparison. Not that her beloved hero; now gone, had been a small man at all. However, to contrast Tall Feather to him directly was all that she knew how to do. There had not been many men in her young life so far. The few she had known were wildly different from each other. This big Indian was unique beyond her dreams or even passed her creative imaginings as well. He was scary and not. He was friendly and not. His face was stone and made his emotions hard to read, or even guess at. When he spoke, which had been almost no words at all, they had been peculiar sounding, but not unpleasant. 

None of it mattered really, as father always said, "Courage and bravery had no size at all. They, those emotions; when animated by true men and women... were as big as they needed to be. That is to say, when they were "needed", they just were, and that was simply the end of that."  

As for the Indian... was he going to kill her? No. She did not think so. He had waited. He had brought food and water, not once but several times. The stranger had a plan. If he was not going to kill her, then what would happen? Did that even matter? To someone already dead by all accounts; the odds too great to consider; hope had appeared. It did not seem possible at all. What would be next?  

The deadly illness seemed to have passed Sarah by altogether too. Yes, she was sick, from lack of food from time to time, and exhaustion. Grief also took a demanding toll on her mind and heart. But the true infirmity... that of the body; had somehow left her without a mark. Yet, it had damaged her still. It had taken; robbed her of her only tethers to the world she had known her whole life. That had been by all accounts a civilized place. Now she was left alone. In the bigger picture, it had also left her free. Tomorrow would surely be different in ways she would never have considered. 

Ma always told her to be strong..., and lookup.
The day passes as it should, and that is good.
And... unless the Lord calls you home, there will be another.
You can try again, at life tomorrow.

The movement of the warm beast beneath her was comforting. The rocking sensation, back and forth... rhythmic. The big man's arms were also somehow very reassuring. They were supportive, physically and at this point mentally as well. He had offered no angry words. They just rode. Sarah's eyes grew heavy, as the day grew brighter. The cold wind had not completely dissipated for long. It picked right back up and continued, just as they left the camp. Yet above them, the sky was crystal clear. There were no signs at all of clouds or rain. The bitter cold was sufficient however to bite at the unwary. Fatigue took over and Sarah slipped away into the sweet world of forgetfulness. 

One hour, then two... then a few more, the trail continued. The horse did not miss a step, nor did it stumble in any way. It also did not notice the sleeping little rider at all. As for the big Indian... he just held the little girl, a little closer, safer. Why he bothered confused him more than Tall Feather admitted. But the loss of his own daughter was still heavy on his heart, even after so long. His child and his beautiful wife, Running Dear... had died. They had been casualties of a raid from a warring tribe. That dark day, more than two turnings past... had taken many. It had also cost them their medicine man, That had been Tall Feather's father. He had been healthy and alive for his long years and then gone..., in one moment. The only positive; the intruders were repelled in the end. The disaster for the tribe as a whole had been intense. 

Tall Feather had no other direct family left. Up until this very moment, he had never thought much about it or cared. He had simply felt hollow and alone. Grief had left him depressed, but functional for those who still needed him. That was a testament to the man's deeper strength and commitment to his station. Although the man would not have put those exact words to the shade over his heart; he understood the bite for he sharply felt the pain. Tall Feather had dearly loved his wife, she had been his whole world since they were young. He had gone through each day since her death as he was supposed to, meeting the demands of others as necessary. The Indian was well respected in the tribe, and well-liked generally... but part of him still felt sick..., and empty. 

Weakness was a bad thing. His father would not have approved.

Did that matter? No. Tall Feather was his own man, with his own way of doing things. Besides; he generally kept his own counsel and held his feelings about things, to himself.  

As for missing his daughter, the man was both proud and heartbroken. She had died bravely, like any warrior of the tribe. He could not have asked more, even from a son. The darkness of her vacancy in his life was grave. Not until this very day, had the morning been as bright as it was now. Tall Feather had refused to have hope... That was until, this moment. He felt strong this day. He felt lifted. Now he suddenly could do nothing else but look up and even dare to look ahead. Winter... was close to its end. Spring and the newness of tomorrow were very near. The little girl was a gift from the maker... Surely that was true? The Great Spirit had changed the winds and by that, had changed the course of his life. 

Tall Feather had learned much from his father, Silver Fox. He would never discount any of it. Yet the man had been very hard on Tall Feather growing up. He had never been very loving or kind. He had been dead set to make the best of Tall Feather's life that he could, to pound all that he had to offer into his son's head. He had wasted no time with foolishness. Having himself, now being the important one to the tribe, Tall Feather's view of his father had changed. He understood more as an adult, even if it was too late to speak with Silver Fox and tell him so directly.  In only a relatively short time, Tall Feather felt the burdens his father had held for years. They were extremely heavy indeed. 

Silver Fox, the old man had been smart, quick, and extremely cunning; clever like his name,  described. The man had prepared his son ahead of time, on purpose. He had left nothing to chance. Silver Fox had seen more than his share of life and death to know how easy it changed; how fast. He also drove home the importance of details. "Life was in the small things", he would say again, and again. In this case, Tall Feather knew that this girl was not typical. She was worth taking... and keeping. She was a small thing! But she was more than that. Tall Feather could never have conveyed that to even his father. Brown Bear would accept her; as she was a bounty. She was also an asset to the tribe, as new blood. It was not uncommon at all to adopt children acquired by various means. Not all of those ways..., as peaceful as this one. 

As for Tall Feather's father Silver Fox, he had spent time in his boyhood..., at a mission full of good people. Not because he wanted to do so, but he had been taken there for a while. After an extremely short time, he had returned home, where he belonged. "They" could not tame him. "They" could not even calm his heart, as he was truly as wild as the wind in his youth. Yet, he had learned the ways of the "other people"... He had learned their language to a degree, and their social structure. Both were hard to fully understand, as he had no desire to do so at all. But learning was never a bad thing. He forced himself as he could. and gave that to his son as well. He had passed it in lessons and stories, which Tall Feather now held very close. It was all he had... of his family, now gone. 

Tall Feather had been schooled and versed unendingly; in all necessary tribal lore but had never expected to be pressed to fit the need, in such away. He had to become all that he was supposed to be on the spur of the moment. His father had died so fast, and completely unexpectedly it was hard to grasp. That was the way of things. Harsh realities were often a daily expectation of just living. Nothing about this land was easy, but that did not make it less beautiful. 

This country, this land... from one end to the other;
skies full of brilliant blues in the day,
and star-filled heavens at night.
It would humble any man that dared to look up...
with an open..., and true heart.

Tall Feather had been taught the value and use of every tree and flower, every weed and seed. He had learned since boyhood to keep his eyes open to the world. That included all of it, both his tribe and all interactions outside. Any news he could gather from scouts, runners, or messengers were taken and then considered in-depth... as to how it affected his people. That way of thinking had been part of Silver Fox's lessons too. 

Tall Feather had also gathered insight and information by watching the animals and listening to the wind. He knew all the old ways. He did this as often as possible of his own accord. Yet, there was always more to learn, that was the gift.  Silver Fox had told him to be open to new ideas. He went on and on about learning all that could be acquired... and passed on. He had told him to value knowledge, which ultimately helped with wisdom.

"Experience would take care of the rest." Silver Fox's words... echoed...; meaning perhaps important things he could not readily make his son understand would take care of their selves. Life lessons however were the hardest to get through, and they were also the toughest to teach. Regardless, "it"' was, or had been..., another saying he chanted at Tall Feather from time to time. He demanded that his son be... all that he could be. Each new fact(s) would make him better, and he would then pass that on to his son. Sadly that last part was not to happen. Tall Feather had no son. 

As for the man, Tall Feather was still working out all that was needed, to fill the moccasins of Silver Fox. His father was still sorely missed, and that in itself was a testament to the old man's skill and knowledge. Yet his son had held his own so far. He had mended wounds and given peace to those in need as was possible. Up until now, it had been enough to keep him going, but it was not a full life. It was however a life of service to those he still cared for. 

Now... perhaps he had been given a second chance? Adopting a kid as your own was not uncommon in the tribe, but this one? Well, only time would tell if he had done the right thing. Not everyone would be happy. There would be a few, that would take issue. Yet, in the end... Brown Bear would side with Tall Feather as children were just children, and it mattered little to the chief. 

Brown Bear was a relatively young leader because of his own father's death. That had been an illness, but one that had no cure. Silver Fox had tried, and for a while... things had gone well. But the chief, could not push death off forever. Lastly, the real truth of the matter was that Silver Fox was an excellent healer, but even he could not stop the inevitable. 

Brown Bear had a family of his own. He had two sons, young men... already half-grown. He also had a daughter. Her name was Dove. She was about the same age as the little girl in his arms. Well, maybe a bit younger. That might help with things. Yet, it did not really matter. He would claim her... Tall Feather that is. He would claim her, this girl... and that would be the end of it. Besides, there was not much left in the small wagon and camp; to be worth taking. So if the Chief had a problem or there was any issue, Brown Bear could go back. He could also just send his men. Tall Feather did not believe he would bother, because he also knew the medicine man had his reasons... for his actions. There was a great trust and bond between the two men. Boyhood friends, and brothers for life... was the only explanation or definition of their relationship. 

The prize, the real prize was in Tall Feather's arms. She had come willingly. That was the most important point. She was smart, no "fool" there. It was not hard to understand that she had no choice at all. He knew that too. But emotions were a funny thing. The girl could still have fought. She could have tried to stay. At the very least she could have cried. This girl... did not. Instead, she had prepared herself and willingly waited to go... ready for him. 

The beautiful pony slowed at the top of the hill, then stopped altogether. It took no urging either way from Tall Feather. 

Why? Why did it pause? Because it was the same every time... The horse remembered from practice..., experience. It is just something that "they", the horse and rider did together. It was a habit. The horse took time to rest. The Indian man liked the small outcropping because it provided a wonderful view. This time like all the rest, he enjoyed the calm of this moment. That emotion... "peace"... was hard to find, and a wise man knew to relish its touch. 

They, the medicine man and his... daughter, were nearly home. They had come a long way, in a relatively short time. Together there had traveled out of the deeper desert into the foothills. They had moved toward the high country slowly. One small valley at a time, then another... Some places between were even hard to pass, but the horse knew the way. The trail would wind down from here and around the next switchback, but for the moment you could see the upcoming valley below. There was a wide stream..., a wild..., green... ribbon..., flowing from one end to the other. It was the lifeblood for every living thing... man and beast alike here about. There were also more scrub trees, and tall brush, everywhere. The slightly higher elevation had provided a changing countryside. It was considerably more habitable than before. The water alone... so near, providing so much to those that depended upon its flow, was just part of the whole picture. 

Indians never felt the same thirst... It was all the white man's greed.
The "people" drank the whiskey offered and gave away their land.
Their trust was used against them.
Quotes from the journal of the General, just after the war.

In the center... near the river was the man's home, at least the current one. The landscape had hidden much of the camp in a pleasant knot of trees. Tall Feather could still see it, however. He could see everything as he knew what to look for. They, his people's homes were near, if not completely hidden otherwise. The circle of green vegetation was like a giant hand that provided some break against the conditions as well as camouflage. The trees were all stunted from the otherwise harsh weather, but they were larger than most. The limbs and trunks of all; were scared... a testament to their strength and endurance. This was a good place. This was his people's place for now. 

Tall Feather's tribe had gathered their tents and made a home. They would live all winter here. This place was called Wolf Flats. The wolves had not been seen in many seasons... but the name remained. The fishing was always fair, and the game was normally sufficient as well. This year, however, that was not true. The land seemed barren as if hulled out. Who would do that? It was as if some hunter, or worse many hunters... could not or would not stop killing. The worst of it all, their own hunting party had come across over a hundred buffalo. It had happened only hours before finding Sarah. This normally would have been a wonderful event, but it was not. They were all dead. The great beasts had been strewn everywhere across the land, like boulders tossed by giants.  Yet, they were not rocks but carcasses of meat... thousands of pounds of meat. It was all just rotting in the light of day. None of the beasts still had skin. It had been considered useful... so it had been acquired.  A few heads of the animals were also missing. The value of the remaining food... was worthless. It had been left too long... The smell was putrid. 

Scouts in the band found wagon tracks. They were heading away... leaving the area. Brown Bear did not choose to follow. He had seen no point to the insanity of the scene. The possibility of fighting and losing men to fools would not help feed his own family. Pride tugged at his values but did not win the war. He was on a mission to find food and supplies, and his focus was eagle-tight. His men followed his directions without a word of question anywhere among them. Brown Bear had led well, and they knew he was brave. So, avoiding a direct fight was no issue at all. They then had moved off quietly. None among them... were left unchanged by what they and seen in the wild grass. The blood pooled in places, and the air was thick with flies. Even now, late in the season as it was... this was all wrong.  

It was hard to turn away and leave. The night would bring predators and scavengers. They would feast while the tribe went hungry. This had to stop. It had shaken the whole group. Brown Bear had tried to hide his feelings and had done fairly well at it. Tall Feather just knew his friend better. No one could escape the galling fire within that was provoked by such madness.  

All of it; was a broken memory, hard to look at, and twice as hard to re-consider. Tall Feather could not think that way, to kill animals without need was sick. He was not sure of any cure known other than the release of death... in such matters. No one he knew could think that way. 

Why would anyone do such evil? 

 Did they not hunger... and have families? 

 Did they not have "others"... friends and loved- ones that depended upon them? 

Silver Fox had taught his son that all people were equal, but Tall Feather had never believed it to be true. No matter how he tried, he could not put himself in the place of beings, those that had no real worth... to be alive at all. They... were just set here to test the strength of the land, and the people themselves; in Tall Feather's mind. "They" were not so unlike bugs... There were many of "them", and "they" all had the same bad instincts. 

As for Wolf Flats, Tall Feather's current home; it was not their first time here. It would not be there last. This was their annual stomping grounds. However, come spring the tribe would move north again. They would travel over the big mountain, and through the pass. It was a nomadic journey, with a welcome ending. The goal; a place known as Evergreen. When the snow melted, the snow-locked vale would be revealed... and their true home would be open. It was beyond words. Besides beauty, there was safety. Those were only a few of the many reasons for going, but the outcome of their future was the same. It was the best place for the tribe. 

For the moment; Wolf Flats... served them well. Tall Feather was thankful. His people were still healing, from their losses, but the future... his... theirs... all... felt brighter. 

The man tightened his arms slightly and unconsciously, around Sarah. 

With flashes of dead animals still pressing at the sides of Tall Feather's conscious thought, he dared to wonder... for only a heartbeat longer... about their future? Not just his, or this little girl's... but his whole tribe's? The events unfolding were unsettling. Soon... when he was in his own tent... he would take time to consider at length, the possibilities. His back hurt for the moment, and he was extremely sore. Not as young as he once was, and his wife would tease him accordingly; if she had lived. For now, he gently moved his knees tightly against his pony... and the animal continued. Home.  

The northern camp was better than Wolf Flats. That was hard to believe.  The Indians called it Evergreen. It was oddly not "ever" green at all. It was deep in the snow all winter, that is why the tribe was here... now. However, Tall Feather had fine memories of his wife... in the northern camp. Both spring and summers there were full of warm days, birds of every color, and flowers of every shade. They grew up there, in the best part of all the land for miles around. They fell in love there, in that place. Then they spent their lives together going back until she was gone. Well, at least every season they could. It was hard to pull his heart away from such "repetitive" thoughts. One line was nearly exactly like the next, and none made him feel... better. So he refocused and tried to move on again.   

As for Evergreen, it was hard to get to, which added to its value. His tribe had made the journey season upon season, one generation to the next as far as could be remembered. It was also a safer place than here, but the bitter cold of winter prevented the tribe from staying. So they made the trip back and forth gladly, knowing they had the best..., the land could offer. Again the great spirit was watching out for them. That was ever a good sign. 

In the spring... there would also be more food and hunting would be easier too. But the cold of winter still gripped the land, not just to the north... but even here. Normally it would have been at least a few degrees warmer, but nothing was normal. 

Regardless, that was the reason that Tall Feather had found Sarah in the first place. This year this small, secret camp... had less game. Perhaps the weather, or the influx of mountain men, and other travelers to other places... making the crossing? Tall Feather was fine with that, as long as they kept going. He wanted none to stay. Brown Bear had widened their ranging parties in response to the increasing needs of the tribe. The wagon people... the movers... were easy pickings. Most of the time the people were already dead, that is the ones the main train of wagons had left behind. There had to be a reason, but Brown Bear did not really care why. He only wanted to add the free supplies... to his tribe's assets. Tall Feather was more cautious and concerned, however. He wanted an explanation if it was attainable. So far he had not found the answer.

Tall Feather spoke to the wind, a thankful prayer of homecoming. Then he urged his pony on a little faster. It was not far now. It was already near dark. Back and forth the trail ahead continued, the promise of the destination a reality. The man felt like he had gathered a treasure, left there... to change the course of his life. His head was full and thick with positive thoughts, but there were also reservations. Not many, but there were a few. 

Then the trail ahead widened and home was at hand.

 3) Going Back

The big house was way too empty. There were no sounds of laughter... or tears. In the past, there had been some of the first and too much of the last. Well, that is by normal standards. All families have ups and downs. No one would find doubt or even a flaw in that base fact; that primary premise. It is not until you add the words science to the mix, that a true... deadly "cold" enters the room. Then you add "experiment" and the picture becomes quite eschew to the landscape. At that point, strange things take place in your head and you find yourself wondering about chances? 

"What are the chances you were a planned event?"

As early as Plato... men have tried to play god and fallen far short at every turn. Why, because they are imperfect themselves. They are less and will always be less. Yet, that has never deterred "them". It only made them more strong-willed and, more adamant. Picking and choosing from the beginning of the project; "Who lives and who dies?" was the family mantra. It was either done subconsciously or intentionally... but the outcome was always the same. 

"They" decided... everything. Who can have children and who... best be set aside. The reasons were and are altruistic of course. Who would ever doubt important men and even women? Kings, queens, men of the church... politicians of the times... or worse, tyrants and dictators... were all more important than those that served them. Well, at least at the start that was the root... Yet... it grew. It passed from the "mighty" to their children, and their children's children. That is to say that their prodigies, regardless of their inequities... were always considered better than the rest of the population as a whole.  That was the catalyst to push their line harder; forward. 

Then in an-effort-to; expand the premise of perfectionism beyond all measurable lines... "They" would present the idea, the plan to be;  in plain clothes. In other words, so that the "everyday"  men and even women of the times could understand. Being stupid, to begin with, or of lesser quality stalk it was never hard to guide them. Well, that is how "they" perceived things. The highborn. Social reformation would give way to the ultimate sacrifice, demanded and expected to raise the best above the rest. The average individual would normally do the right thing without much coercion. It had been proven time and again. Using their own fears and shortcomings to deceive them; they... the victims would pass their very children into the fires as they were expected to if it meant, or rather it was presented to be "the right thing" to happen.  It was all about the advancement of the human race as a whole. Right? Even if that were the death of a few or even many. Of course, there were always those that gained over others, but that only made for more statistics. The resounding less; the predator and the prey were at all times in the background of even a civilized society. 

What sacrifices should the whole make to better the lives of a few?

 It is not hard to research throughout history again and again and find those that have climbed the ladder to the clouds. Rulers and Politian's, higher educated individuals with garnered symbolic royal placement ever moving up, while standing on the back of someone else. The "ones"; those that are senior or believe themselves to be...  than others and always, therefore, will be... repeated the cycle. Their families were above the law. Their fortunes were so large as to buy whole countries or at least buy off the sheepdogs that controlled them... to thereby control the sheep. "Their" actions were and are without question. "Their" power, complete. 

Who put "them" in their place?

and more importantly...

Why are "they" allowed to keep it?

The populace, the general people... of every land... without exception... were easily placated by the provisions of need mostly. That was the answer. Keep the people asleep, and you can do as you like. Provide them with small necessities, and feed them well, then there is no boundaries to the opportunities that become real. 

Symbolic pets... for giant minds to use as puppets, to play with and laugh at.

The scary part "they" were monsters on a darker level, feeding the unwanted children of tomorrow into furnaces; both real and symbolic...  If any of the unwary... ever were to wake from their slumber, they could be and would be dealt with accordingly. The clan policy being "they", those less than... were to be either bought off or disposed of. Sometimes a little of both. That action often went well down the same family lines, so it did not take much to promote compliance.  

It was madness repeating the same thing the same way and expecting a different outcome. 

How are these two ends on the timeline so alike and so different?

The answer; the first was an unchanging plan of action, while the second illustrates how stupidity repeated can only be repeated...as that is the very core of the idea. "Idiocy." 

Blind thinking!

Words and writings from the journals of Victoria Houston.

Alexander Heron Hawks was a big man. His height was just over six feet, and he weighed nearly three hundred and fifty pounds. He ate too much and indulged a lot in all the wrong things. He came from an old family line, with a solid name. He was the epitome of a silver spoon kid. Their lineage had not only wealth to offer, but good breeding. Many were talented, in music..., math, and the sciences. They were not royals, but they had never wanted to be. They could have joined their name to the mainstream, and gained titles anytime... but they chose to stay hidden. Their power was quiet but no less lethal. 

His wife, Lila Antoinette Andrews-Hawks, was a true treasure. Not the way some husband's might count, but for Heron, it was enough. Lila was not sweet or kind or loving. She was not thoughtful or even particularly good company in general. That is to say except perhaps on an academic level. 

Lila was the bounty of their arranged marriage. She was a gifted woman in nearly every area of the sciences, and she even excelled beyond expectations in most. For a woman, she was toe to toe intellectually with most great minds of the day. Yet, she would never receive her due as she was after all... a female. Her general area of expertise was math. Along with her exceptional calculating abilities, she had an iron-clad memory. She could recall every date, time, place... and event. If important she could also recall every conversation she had ever heard.. word for word. That talent had no boundary. Yesterday and today were each crystal clear in her memory. She acquired information and she kept it forever. 

While Mrs. Hawks was of course Mr. Hawks' chattel, by the definition of marriage, that had limits. His own family, The Hawks' were extremely wealthy of course. Well enough so to outmatch every family in the country by a factor of two or more. They were powerful and had "influence" in many of the right places. They had worked at it for generations in a similar manner as the Andrews'. Their authority, and even their clout, were years in the making. Yet, all of that paled in comparison to his wife's heritage. The "Andrews'" line went back to the dark times, post-plague. All of them... her relatives, still alive at the moment; her aunts, uncles, cousins, and the rest... held positions, political and influential... in high areas of; office. A few were even lesser royalty, but they were in faraway countries from here, referring to America. They were back in the old world. Yet, all of them in one way or another... were also gifted. That had been the main goal. It had succeeded to date. 

The darker family by far was the Andrews, but the Hawks were a reasonably close second. They also killed to get what they needed. Mostly, they murdered every child born into their family that was not "perfect" or in their minds ideal. There was a committee, a family gathering, followed by sentencing and permanent removal. That was the rule of law and it was not to be questioned. The weak were given no chance. Blood was on the Andrews' and the Hawks' hands, and would never wash off. From father to son, mother to daughter, and so on, it was all the same. The chain was long and unbroken. It was their way, and nothing was ever going to change that.  

The pattern of their behavior, the "Old" families as a whole, was taken directly from historical Rome. A strong line was the only defense in all areas of attack. So giving your blood for a better tomorrow was a small price to pay for a symbolically perfect future. The family rules were the same as real laws. They were embedded in the values of their line. Actions taken by those in control were followed in this area relentlessly, even if it meant the death of mere infants. Dark men... that carried out these duties were brutal and without "empathy" of any kind. No one was spared that was found to be lacking. 

Both family lines had individuals which were installed the places they needed to be to steer or better stated; maneuver  "tomorrow" in the right direction. Their entire line had climbed every mountain, tangible or metaphorical in one way or another to get there... the top. Buckets of blood had been sloshed all along the road, but their journey's goal was ever toward perfection. They were among the elites in the inner circles of the shadiest societies, all dealing with the human condition. "They", the  "family" and all their ties had allowed their marriage, hers; Lila Antoinette Andrews and Mr. Alexander Heron Hawks'... in the first place. Every wedding and joining was or had been made that same. Arranged marriages were not uncommon in many cultures. This however was taken to a far different level. No one ever went against the whole organization. They were a clan in the deepest sense of the word. The framework was always the same. It continued even unto Lila's children as it was meant to. They were pre-designed to be exactly who they were supposed to be down to the color expected... of their hair, eyes... and even their skin. A perfect society took effort..., generations to farm. Yet going along for the moral reasons of a better sunrise and sunset had a cost. Alexander was glad to pay. He wanted the added prestige Lila's name would bring to his own. Oh and the addition of her incredible wealth of course. The Andrews' were known for their Old World riches, legendary accumulations of "prosperity" in every known form. 

Alexander embraced everything about Lila... including their family's mutual goals, as well as their darkest secrets. In his mind the darker the better as that always equaled greater returns. He was a calculating man and everything held a place in the column to the right. 

Alexander... Actually, Heron, he preferred to be called...  as he felt it held enough strength all by itself with its own "sound" not to need the rest. His first name was the same as his father's and his father's father. Yet somehow it was not enough to fan Heron's own vanity. It did not matter how great the name Alexander was in history or in his own line. He wanted to stand out, head and shoulders above the rest. That is why Heron preferred his middle name the most. But there were other reasons... 

Arranged marriages were never without issues. The most violent disagreement between the two over their many years... was not about family values exactly. Lila had never been okay with blood on her own hands but was fine with it being poured out upon others. Heron did a lot of splattering however all on his own. Not all of it was above board but he knew how to buy his way clear of trouble. It was of no large matter, as long as he could clean up after himself. So, Lila Hawks went right along with the primary line of the family's wishes and way of thinking. Good genes "made" for healthy offspring. She married him, and she stayed married. Yet, being with Heron had always been about position, power... and prestige. He was a terrible man in her mind and she could never bring herself to believe he should be firstborn. That was fate. That led to his position as Head of House. That too galled her. Females could not hold that title. Why? No one would ever give her a straight answer.  

To console her own heart to being married to a "peacock" of a man Lila had periodically let her wild side win out. The one time... prior to her wedding... and then there was the other... second lapse. Indiscretion. "Those" moments went against her own best judgment. Yet to think about that too much now, led to a deep depression. Lila's secrets were safe, they were her own. No one would cross her. No one would dare to.  

Real, "life"... happiness..., and even joy... should be allowed to grow and mature as it was meant to. A novel idea on the outside, but on the inside it allows for freedom to be creative and push boundaries. It was also the only way to acquire a true asset. Lila had studied the concept her entire life. "Perfection." So many smart people, had plans... but were they the right ones? As for Lila, she had her own beliefs and very specific ideas.  They were not altogether the same as they were designed to be. In fact; they had taken a turn in a quite unexpected direction. Once Lila was assigned to be married to Heron, she knew she had been used. Like all the females in her ancestry she had been converted into property and it was degrading. So she nurtured her unrest. It had grown and expanded. It was her secret plan to give "it", her sacrifice all meaning. Mrs. Hawks might be held to a specific norm, and even customary place in life as befit her station. But, the real Lila... she had no such limits. Coloring outside the lines for the woman was more than a pastime. It was a passion, but she kept it hidden. If caught?... Lila was reasonably confident there would no lasting consequence she could not afford to pay. There had never been so far and that was not likely to change. 

What was a true asset? Something... Lila felt, was more than could be calculated, or planned for in books on paper. It was a unique occurrence by nature. The numbers proved there were no coincidences, but there were miracles. Lila based that on a lifetime of information in her head, readily available like an inner library. That word, "miracle" is the very definition used to describe what could not be. It was part of Lila's vocabulary ever since she had been saved... from drowning as a kid. "Miracle"... was a beautiful word. She kept it close to her and rarely spoke its sound out loud. Thin ice had nearly claimed her young life, if not for a stranger. He had come out of nowhere and left the same way. He had not been part of the original design, the picture..., but he had changed the parameters of everything. 

The outcome of all her experiences to date led her to believe in a world outside the ones her ancestors had created. Random chance, or divine action? It matters little. Lila was smart enough to realize she knew nothing about forever. The end was far more valuable than all the planned events before. She longed to be fulfilled. It was hard to explain, she only knew she was not. 

Yet there was no connection...
between the "word" and the base definition...
of a miracle... and... or... of GOD!

They, the unbalanced couple fought. It was not pretty, but it was not loud. It was never loud. That would have been vulgar and uncouth. That would be way below their stations either one. The reality, the fact; She had control, primarily financially and ultimately intellectually. She had used both often. The authority and ultimate weight... together provided, or rather gave her all the strength she needed. That which was far better than any gun. Purse strings, and contacts... that is to say, "Do it my way, or else." If that did not work... other means could be employed to win. Those too were not her usual methods, but they were available. The Hawks' were not without means... but the vast difference in fortunes gained by their marriage was nearly impossible to completely track. Filthy and rich are both extreme and delicious descriptive words as concerns the indecency of the truth. 

Marriage; a contract for making a better human race.
Love had nothing to do with it.
In the vacuum of loves loss, or lack of...
hate was planted.
It was allowed to grow,
and defiance...
became the order of the day!

Heron let her win, at least the facade of the same most of the time. He worked instead in quiet on his own plans. His wife was important yes. She was intelligent, yes. But she had no idea what the full scale of the program meant. Not just the one agreed upon in family values... but his own much more aggressive ideas. All of his schemes were to bring his name to the highest social and historical level possible. Maybe it was not the same for women... as for men. The desire to have a perfect prodigy, an offspring to be proud of and carry your name; had value beyond measure. His manhood was in question? He had to be everything he was meant to be in order to carry the line forward. It had been drilled into him since he could barely speak himself as a child... and he had done his best to pass it on.  

Lila Andrews was flawed but useful to him. The first part; not readily apparent. It was however the best description of her character. Heron loved history and antiques. His wife was very similar to fine bone china... barely chipped at all. Any dealer would call the piece (if she were a thing); "flea-bitten". Which was not stated to put her down, as it, a "flea bite" was no more than a word in the nomenclature of the antique business in general. However, her tiny bite... or bites in this case were emotions. She had sentiments about the oddest things, and let them rule her too often. The second was useful. Her money allowed him the life he was meant to lead, and the push behind his words to others, that told them he could be deadly. Fear was extremely motivating. The truth, it was nearly all because of her. Nothing was more important. Life and death had no meaning other than the advancement of the perfect future. However, he dared not let her know... exactly how he truly felt. He went just so far from time to time but kept his temper civil. It was not that he was expected to love her dearly, but he had to adhere to a certain decorum. There were rules to their agreement. 

Heron's own "name and breeding" were the jewels of his side of their arrangement.  Their bond was only a means to an end. Heron had to watch his step, as Lila had a very powerful line of protectors. To make her too mad was to invite them into their business. He had no desire to do that ever. 

In most cases, Heron avoided telling her things that would set her off. She was very strong-willed, and he evaded trouble as he could. It was best that way if you had to live with someone. The truth was more than evident, they would never have been together... if not for their joined intentions. They barely spoke except as-needed or over intellectual subjects. The goal of their union outweighed the desire for self-indulgence. Well, that is always the case among those that seek to make perfect children. 

Lila Hawks had seven generations in her background to be proud of. All without a single issue of any kind. No blindness, deafness... good teeth and above all good thinkers. They had no malady to set them back in life. There were only perfect specimens the whole way. There were also; a number of stories regarding superior healing in their background. There were even more stories of special traits, such as Olympian quality athletes, free thinkers... tinkerers, and inventors. This resounded in both the males and females of her line. All these factors had been important in the "choosing". 

While Lila went along with the clan and their tactics to provide a better future for all, she had her own..., personal reservations. The wife of Alexander Hawks realized the man could not keep his own life in order. There were giant issues of pride and self-preservation which would never be overcome. He was self-indulgent to the point of embarrassment. His huge size and lack of self-control, evident in all areas. The man was not fit to solve world issues.  Yet, confronting him was tiresome. He did not favor a woman with a brain, he just married her for her strong background. She did not have to be talented or even average in thinking to know that. He wanted a son. Alexander wanted many sons. Heron desired to make sure his life's work was carried on forward, and his family ranks continued to be high. Lila hated to tell him, they were not all that he had hoped for, but again... confrontation on a logical level with a man that believed himself superior was daunting. 

Perhaps it was Heron's association and ultimate friendship with Sir Francis Galton, the half-cousin of Charles Darwin that spurred him on. Heron and the famous man had met at an intellectual convention in New York when Heron was in his youth. They had become causal friends, or rather associates anyway. The acquaintance had cemented Heron's views and renewed his commitment, just to find someone as adamant as himself. 

Galton was going to be "someone", and make a name for himself. Heron wanted the same... It was not common in his family to want prestige in the public eye but Heron felt he deserved it. His talents in the field of genetics needed to be brought into the light. Yet that was not likely to happen. Family rules were rarely spoken of yet known to every member. There were no reminders, only consequences for breaking them. 

"Stay in the darkness, and you can always move freely..."

That was one of the reasons Heron had been allowed to marry an "Andrews'". They, the Hawks', and the Andrews' held the same beliefs basically. The restrictions were nearly the same on both sides too. However, the addition of more structure and not less and being accountable to "them"..., took away even more freedom. It was just another facet of why Heron felt cheated. The price of power, without the rest, was sometimes too high. The man did not take being controlled, even a little, easily.  

The progress and achievements of the day...; in science and general social theory were the very echo of his relations...; preparations, arrangements and ultimate goals. A perfect future was achievable, it simply took a lot of effort. The basis of their involvement, Galton and Heron's was the mutual acceptance of facts.  Each caring the heavy load of a giant intellectual personal pride, they walked well together. The mutual petting of their egos was jointly enjoyable.  

The crux of their intertwined ideas to change the population was questionable by more than a few. Quietly, if separately they were still massive intellectuals in their genetic fields working toward the same target. Galton was actively collecting data from surveys and questionnaires. He was writing books and speaking out. Heron, however... was not. He was reading the books others wrote and supporting unscrupulous doctors to do extreme experiments, in the dark. He then paid them to send him their data. Heron felt it was far better than doing the work himself, and he was achieving the same end. The fact that he did not have to deal with the lower class, or even the no class, was just fine with him.

On the home front, things had not gone well. In their many years of marriage, Lila had provided only two sons... She had also given birth to a daughter. Then the doctor had ended Lila's term of childbearing years. He had vehemently said "no more", or Lila would not live to see another day. 

That was okay with Herron as he could always remarry and consider new options with a younger calf. However, those same protectors mentioned earlier would never have allowed that to happen. If he put Lila in danger for any reason, he was in mortal danger himself. It was not a threat, but a reality. Even an accident... that could have been readily avoided would be questioned. If he had any hope thereof a resolution, it had not yet presented itself. Divorce, was also not a choice. No one divorced in either of their families... ever. The disgrace would come out and they would be put to ridicule in the public eye. That direction was not feasible. The last was death by natural causes. That would work, but how long? Heron spent a lot of effort pondering the thought... 

Regardless.

Two... was enough. Two babies, two possibilities. The bargain between the Andrews family and the Hawks had been completed. Lila had provided two sons.  

But was that enough? 
 
The Hawks' had made it nearly twenty-five years together. That was a real testament to both patience and tenacity on the part of both individuals. Their children were now grown, but their story only just started. 

The "old man", already pushing the upper side of fifty-something was more than a little mad. Heron was no longer located on the lovely patio now. He had stood too fast in anger, among a list of other dark mixed emotions. He had thrown down his napkin on the table... and retired to the study. He was now... pacing. The simple, short letter in his hand was already a month past its first post. It had taken precious time to reach his grasp. What was he going to do?

Dear Sir, 

 I have lost her. 

 Signed,

 Mortis 

A runner, a messenger from town had brought the letter out special. It was rare enough that the Hawks' received letters, but a note... of instruction... was left long ago with the regular postmaster. Any letter from "Mortis" were to be considered extremely significant. A bonus would be forthcoming for the additional service or services provided by the office. The postmaster had been only too happy to comply. Any favor for "them" at all was always worth doing. 

The Hawks' were often very generous...even extremely so. It was good for their image. Everything was measured by value, cost and return. On more than one occasion reports of large tips, or other "worth" had been doled out randomly. (There were rumors of gold coins, and sometimes valuable stones of color that had been gained in the past.) It was hard to be sure what would elicit such a reaction, but it was always a worthy gamble. It was also a pleasure to work with good people, like their families. That is the image they conveyed to all the people in town anyway. The Hawks' showed appreciation for service, and knew the significance of loyalty. 

Heron Hawks was a force to be reckoned with on any day, but this day was about to be harsher than most. His eyes were blood red, as he had slept poorly. Why? No real reason he could pin down. The truth; being short tempered with others in the household was par for the course. He often took out his own bodies inadequate  reactions to getting older as if it were their fault. The truth that even perfect humans had flaws? The only individual he would not vent upon was Lila. Why? There would be issues. So all in all, it was better to take things out on others until he was done. 

All Heron's ranting and ravings at servants and the like had happened, before he had ever sat down at the table on the main patio.

Breakfast had then gone badly or more correctly not at all. No food had been forthcoming from the kitchen. It was still being prepared. Mrs. Hawks had not come down from her room, and probably would not for another hour. Heron had been sitting alone, waiting for the newspaper. It would be in his hands at any moment. The houseboy would bring it. 

It was the first day of the new month. Heron needed to check on a few businesses, (gambling pages...) updates to his investments. The servant he had expected did not show. This only fanned his hostile mood into yet a higher degree of heat. Then instead of food... or even the news... the girl that normally cleans upstairs stepped through the double doors. She walked right to the table directly. In her hands, she brought a platter made of solid silver with tiny roses along the edges. Each one of the flowers sculpted, perfectly from fine metal wire, allowing for a filigree design. This dish was traditionally used to present messages of importance to the "Head of the house". She sat it down in front of the man but said nothing. Then turned and left again immediately. 

Heron's mood changed. The heat of anger left him. It had quite suddenly turned to apprehension mixed with a sharp painful uneasiness. He felt a lump in his throat as he looked at the paper there on the tray. The girl had moved away quickly. She was smarter than most. The kitchen was a safer place than the patio. The very air had taken on a sense of pressure. The area was about to become a battleground... or at least it seemed so. 

The beating of Hawks' heart could be counted by the pulses seen at his temple just below the skin. Being an overly large man, six-foot-high, and round; he was a well taken care of individual. His wealth and position; had provided the best and it had always given him a better chance than the unclean... the unwashed. Shelter by no means was ever an issue, and he had not once wanted for anything he could remember. Regardless of what it was, he either asked for it directly or took it. It was given willingly or things happened. Heron's reach was far. That was to say; the family's reach.  That is up until now. 

Heron's life's work was at stake. Yes... He had gone along the whole way with the ultimate plan. What did that really look like? It was a  huge group of "families" connected together to bring about a line of near... elites. Yet there was far more advancements to be made, if the boundaries of social acceptance were pressed. Heron had made it his business to do just that. Having had two sons by Lila... left him with only one daughter to be used. Heron had done the unspeakable... and allowed a "man in a red hat", to visit her. Not once, but many times in her short life. Heron had not killed her... but he had allowed the evil one to "change" her as necessary. In the end she had simply failed to heal and died. But luckily, she had a daughter before that. 

Mortis was hired to keep track of the kid!

All of this was outside the realm of accepted genetics. Perhaps performing experiments on the innocent was not humane. Who would turn him in? Heron practiced in manipulating the line outside the planned course... just as his father and his grandfather had. That in itself was a criminal act without any judge to pass a ruling. The course of action had not scared the men of his family. It did not even alarm Heron now. He fully understood that great advances demanded great risk. It would never be an issue. Well that is as long as his mother never found out. 

Heron's father had long passed away. His mother?... She was still alive. However, she was not to be bothered. Heron kept it that way. Rosella Imira Hawks was quite old. She had given birth to Heron extremely late in life. It had even been an issue at the time, that there may not be an heir for the Hawks line? Yet that had not happened. In fact after his birth... his younger brother was born one year later. Then she stopped. Two children were all that were required. She left Heron's father Maximilian Rowel Hawks and returned to her parents home in Italy. 

Where was Rosella now? She was still in the old country... The rest of Heron's family? "Who cared?" was exactly how Heron felt. No love was lost there at all for any of them. They were all lesser in "station".  

Heron Hawks was a superior man. He had always knew that from birth, but with the connections to the Andrews as well... he was invincible. However, now years later, he felt cheated out of his spotlight. Others had moved forward while he languished in obscurity. It was a reoccurring mental battle with himself. The choices that had to be made to remain Head of House were not ever easy. 

Heron clutched the paper tighter and paced. 

He need to work out a new plan. The man stopped. Turned the big desk near the window. A decision had been made and he would reply to Mortis. The man sat down heavily and opened the drawer on the right side. There he took out paper. He set it in the center of the desk. Heron then grasp the quill pen waiting as always in the holder. He removed the lid from the ink well and dipped the point of the writing instrument inside. As he with drew it, the end dripped just a little. He waited a moment and then... moved it to the paper. 

Telegram...

Mortis.
You are still employed. 
Continue in your work. 

H. 

Then the big man blew softly on the paper to dry the ink. Heron then folded the paper and sealed it with hot wax. The emblem in the surface of the mark was the same as the one reflected in the banner and shield on the far wall of the room. Having made a response of any kind had a calming effect on the Head of House. He could now consider the problem at length and come to new options at his leisure. At least the dark man was still in the shadows.  

The message would leave by courier in the morning. 

4) Build the Fire

The morning was half gone as Tall Feather entered the camp. He was spotted right away and a wonderful sound of welcome went up all around. The man was well-loved by many. It only took a single glance to see he was not alone. His arms were full with a bright-eyed little girl. She did not look away but peered out into the mass of people gathering around his pony. They were touching her legs and arms, feeling her clothes, and shoes. The plain cotton dress with small embroidered flowers at the edges seemed to be well-liked. Sarah would come to blows over the fabric soon enough. It had been made by her real mother's own hand, so it was not simply cloth to her. 

Sarah's skin was lighter than theirs on average. It would darken up with work outdoors soon enough. Her hair was also much lighter, a brown... rather than dark or even black. That being the typical color for the people. It had been pulled and tied into braids at the moment, not so unlike the other girls of the tribe. 

It is a good thing... to quickly find similarities.
Surviving in the masses presents both danger and opportunity.
To blend in you must first learn what is different in order to erase it from existence.
The new creation will be accepted and treated accordingly.

Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston

The medicine man continued on at a slow pace to the chief's tent. It would be expected, that he bring Sarah to him. This meeting was more than important it was a matter of life and death. If things did not go as expected, this would be a futile effort. The group of women and children continued to follow them. They were like a large parade, down a busy city street. On the outskirts of the circle were a few men, older and younger... watching everything unfold. The real warriors of the tribe were all gone, out since earlier this morning. They would not be back again until late at night or even the next day. 

For all the rest... at least the male population; a new face one way or another meant very little. It was simply another individual to feed in the winter and keep track of in the summer. 

However, more specifically for the women of the tribe, it was altogether an important and more significant matter. It had ramifications on many levels concerning their own lives. This was the acceptance of a new addition. It was the receiving of a new life, just as if she had been born to them directly. She would soon be someone... a member of the whole, or she would be dead. It could even be worse yet. If she was refused and set to die... there was still the possibility someone would make her a slave. That was not a kind life and never lasted long. The camp dogs found life easier. Sometimes, being put down was better. As for the first part if she were allowed to live; she would help with the work, and be part of the everyday life of the tribe. It was a good thing if it were the right thing. The final resolution however was yet to be seen. 

Like busy chickens in the barnyard or open field... they were waiting to peck either way, friendly or deadly. Their voices were now hushed and working toward ultimate silence. The group knew what was ahead and gave space. They were permitted to watch, but only that, at this time.   

The pony stopped at the big tent. There were still at least a dozen feet between "them", Tall Feather in the saddle with the girl, and the gapping open doorway of the home. Tall Feather slid easily from his mount. He turned and lifted Sarah down to the ground next to him. Sarah took a single moment to catch the man's eyes. It was not hard to see... they were smart, intelligent, and kind. There was also a hint of sadness... fear? Was it for her? 

The event unfolding now was not so different from being introduced to her real grandmother back at the big house. It had been held at a mansion in the country. Sarah had been barely four at the time. It had been the biggest adventure of her life and up until now the scariest... including what happened at the wagon earlier this very morning. Death was not something Sarah was new at, but there are worse things. Watching her own mother wither under the sickness for such a long time had been grueling. It had just been repeated again and again... the passing away. Recently back at the wagon. First her father and then shortly after, Ma. 

That distant day; now past... Victoria Houston had honored her family traditions. She had been brave. But in the end it did not matter. There was and always is; little that can be done when the inevitable is at hand. Pray, and keep praying. That was Victoria's answer and that is what she had given to Sarah. It was a precious gift, a loving daughter did not fully understand at such a young age. However, it was also one that would guide her life forever. 

The meeting day that time had been gray, and not sunny as now. But the weather mattered little. That was not how they... the two events were alike. It was not outside at all either. It was inside a place with carved wood and stone walls. The giant house had been a castle from the vantage of her little girl eyes. It was not however full of knights in shining armor. It held nothing graceful from the stories her mother would tell to entertain her before bed. It was instead full of monsters... and slithery... bad things. The look in her sweet mother's eyes was enough that day to set her own small heart still.

Victoria and Sarah Houston had been brought into the fine home upon arrival. They had been escorted to a place... and made to wait. It had been a plain white room, with simple white furniture. There had been no windows and only one door. The man that had led them there had said nothing. He simply locked the exit when he left. Oddly it felt more like an animal trap, from her father's farm... to catch varmints; than a sitting place. At four years old it was hard to understand, but her memory of it would never go away.  

After a long while, easily more than a couple of hours; the man came back. He unlocked the door and together; they were brought to yet a different room... It was massive and incredibly decorated with lovely, expensive things. This time, however, unlike the mock prison..., it was not empty. It was in that place where Lila Antoinette Andrews Hawks sat waiting. She was situated in a plush- blood-red velvet chair. The incredible piece of furniture was very similar to a  throne. The high-end... eccentric woman had looked like a queen... straight from an ancient history book. That in no way reflected her beauty as it was primarily an image of power. She was obviously a very important person. 

 Victoria had led Sarah by the hand closer to the woman. She had stopped only a handful of paces away. Then she had stepped aside as if showing Sarah off. However, her "grandmother" just sat there. She was hard, unfeeling... and barely even blinked... in response. Sarah tried not to giggle, but grandmother looked a lot like a lizard. 

 Finally... after the servant left the room, the real conversation began. The queen's voice was deadly low. Her inflections on every word barbed with meaning upon meaning. Sarah, so very young, had just watched in silence. That was exactly what was to be expected from her. 

 The words... from the ugly woman were all unknown to Sarah... but... remembered. That was her "gift". Sarah never forgot things. She had not thought it to be unusual at first. Then slowly Sarah became aware of "others" and their mistakes'. People would say one thing and do something else. Were they, forgetting? It was a question hard to ask or to get a clear answer for a little girl to voice. 

 Victoria Houston was extremely smart too of course. It did not take long for her to become fully aware of her daughter's ability. She did not have to be told at all. Victoria knew it was more than possible as it was planned for. The only shortcoming was that it... the gift passed to a female and not a male. The reaction? In one moment Sarah had been thrilled, as she had been fully understood... Then. There was the other reaction.  

 Victoria Houston was heartbroken and grateful. She was proud and afraid. The mixed emotions were too much for Sarah to sort out as a kid. Later she would recall the moment, and rethink things. Ultimately, the feeling above and below it all was concern and fear! The truth had not made Victoria happy. Mother also called the matter, the problem, the "thing" by another definition. The gift was a "talent". But when she said the word, it had not been in a good way. Because of that, Sarah had never asked anything more about gifts or talents. She had kept quiet. 

 That day in that bad place... the castle in the north; her blood kin, Sarah's own... looked, irritated, annoyed and above all ultimately angry. Sarah had stood still, very still in front of the matriarch. She had not wanted to make a mistake. One way or the other, she just wanted it to be over. 

The woman had looked down at Sarah. Time had seemed to stop...

 Victoria...her mother had said very little... and then nothing. She had just gone mute. She even avoided looking directly at either her daughter or the older woman at times. Instead... her visage had been changed completely.. She had a very far away... dark look. The kind that made Sarah's stomach hurt, and yet she had no idea why.

Then, after what seemed like hours later, others came. There were servants in and out. Not all the time, but they were there. Sarah did not comprehend any of it really. A quiet and reserved attitude would go a long way... to figuring things out. Papa always stressed, "Listen twice as hard as you speak, and you will hear something worth listening to." So regardless as to what happened in the room or around her, Sarah had stood... quiet. She did not look away. She did not look down. She just watched. 

"They"... others... ghosts and shades of lesser importance drifted through. They too were pieces of a larger puzzle. Sarah could not clearly see their faces now at all. They were there; just, and always to serve. They were not important at this time. Everyone... was here to serve. That is what Sarah had learned... quickly. 

There had been candies and sweets on the center table. They had been within easy reach of her young hand. However; Sarah had touched none... and had remained in exactly the same position. At four this was beyond uncommon even for the best-mannered child. It was the right response. Even a little girl could gather how serious things had become. 

The important woman continued for a while. She talked and talked. Her voice was not flat any longer but sing-song. It was more like a lecture or better still, more accurately; a reprimand than a visit to family. Pa would talk a lot like that before he would ever dish out punishment. When he did it, however, you did not feel... afraid... as Sarah felt now.  There was no real way to grasp the reason, except to know by looks alone you were a bug, not a child. You were being inspected. You were being measured, against something greater. The fact that she... Sarah was not ever going to be "good enough" regardless of the outcome. The words, later found to be spoken in French... echoed in her head at times. They came now primarily late at night when she was mostly alone and without comfort.  

Even unable to obtain the true meanings of half caught terminology, nomenclature, and; the undeniable feelings of things in motion... were all ultimately disturbing. Before the end, Victoria and Sarah were both exhausted. Yet... they had been allowed to leave. Her mother had not been happy, but she had not been sad either. That was a memory worth keeping. She had so few that were.  

As for now... this different place, the feeling(s) of power and might... all around, were exactly the same. The lady, the Ice Queen... her grandmother was never named directly. Victoria Houston also never spoke the word... "mother" out loud. Not once.  Sarah was not given the truth of her family history in any way... that day or any day thereafter. Victoria wanted it kept hidden, and did all she could to make it so. But in the end, truth bleeds through. 

That visit, that day; came and went like a  nightmare with the edges of evil erased only by time. Sarah still remembered the sounds, the words... but not the meanings. The adults had used a foreign language, Sarah had not yet heard before. So she kept the sounds... and the images in her head... but did not know why. The only important fact, taken away from the event is that they were allowed to leave. Her mother had been... concerned and now was not. So, whatever happened, had been for the right reason. Still, the adults had spoken only among themselves. 

That was a long time ago, or so it seemed. It was definitely a world away. Victoria her real mother had taken her there. It had been early in the morning like it was now. They had ridden in a wagon, and then a carriage and even a train. From the station... a man had met them and put them in a small stagecoach. It ran on steam...? It was totally amazing. The like even Sarah had never seen in books. There had been so many questions Sarah wanted to ask along the way, but Victoria was quiet. Sarah knew also from "other times" that was not good. It was an excellent indication; she too should do the same. The look in Tall Feather's eyes was the perfect mirror of her mother's gaze. The danger was extremely close. 

Remember when you are presented, 
it is not just who you see, but who you do not... 
that is important. 
 Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston

Sarah stepped a few feet forward to now stand just in front of the Tall Feather's horse. She brushed off her clothes and stood very still, feet apart, and waited. There was no reason to instruct her as to what was expected. She had no voice to speak, as there was nothing to say. These people were either going to continue to help her or they were not. 

Tall Feather stood silent. He simply waited. There were rules... unspoken... and traditions that had to be followed. However, the decision had already been made. Tall Feather knew that inside. Brown Bear would let her stay. He had no reason not to of course. Besides the fact was... that she was small and of little consequence. The tribe had already lost so many of its people in the last couple of years, new blood was important. Warring tribes and sickness had come too often to their tents. A new daughter would be a treasure, found. Even more so, Sarah was a claimed one.  

A moment later and Brown Bear appeared in the framed open gap of the doorway. Darkness outlined his form. Nothing could be seen behind him of the interior. The black was all around him, but not part of him. His face had no paint. His brow and cheekbones appeared to be chiseled out of rock. His emotions were well guarded and difficult or even impossible to read. He, at least his image... would have made the perfect picture postcard in a dime store souvenir shop. If this were New York he would have been both feared and jeered at... City folk had no real idea what the territories looked like or the people that truly lived on the land. They only had stories. The reality; only the very brave and the very stupid or those desperate for a new life ever came west. Some lived, and some did not. The trails were littered with the remains of the last.  

Brown Bear's clothes were well kept. He was not a savage by the terms used at the time. He was a leader, and it showed in every aspect of his physical being. His body was muscled and perfect, a testament to the fierce life he led daily. The man let nothing bother him... or oppose him. He had been born for the job. He was the best hunter, tracker, and keeper of the ways, that any ancestor could hope for... He was brave beyond reason, even to the point of recklessness, but only where his men were concerned. Otherwise, he was wise and slow to anger with every person... in the tribe. 

Brown Bear casually held up his right hand in a semi proper greeting. It was not a perfect hand sign, as this was not formal. It was a queue to Tall Feather this was all show for those around. The Chief's decision had already been made. That action alone was enough for Tall Feather to know... the day was bright and ideal. Sarah was accepted. There would be no issue at all. 

"Good to see you, friend. It is good in my eyes. I am glad you have returned." The Chief spoke. 

"It is good to be home." Tall Feather's eyes gathered information from the faces in the crowd. It was not up to them, but their reactions were important. The man scanned the people, one to the next... slowly and methodically. He could size up exactly how things would go, with this information. The answer; her acceptance would be complete. It was better than he had dared hope. 

"What will you call her?" Brown Bear asked. By that response... that final question...  it was done. The verbal answer had been given out loud to all. It was rare that Brown Bear bothered with children, but this was a new day. The fact that Sarah was right in front of him, fearless in her stance was not missed by the man. She was smart as she did not cry or even appear afraid. She was pretty for her age and it would not be hard to see his braves fight for her hand when the time was right. 

Tall Feather smiled. "A good day my friend... I will name," he paused. A lump stuck in his throat and he had to clear it. "She will be called simply butterfly. She will be Aponi."  

"That is an acceptable name. My friend may she fill the void and give you peace that was stolen." Brown Bear finished. There was a few moments of silence... and then "Go now and rest. We have more important issues to speak of soon enough. I will have you brought to me later." The Chief waved his hand and turned. He walked back into the tepee behind him. He was swallowed up quickly... and the flap was closed. 

The crowd that had gathered, and watched in utter silence... had been rewarded. They now knew they had a new life among them. They now had a new daughter for Tall Feather... She would be one of them, now and forever. There was no question at all. Slowly they moved off. There would be time later, but not now... to learn more. They had other things to do. The tribe was busy and life was hard. 

After many minutes and the crowd left, Tall Feather drew a deep breath. He was relieved. He had not been totally sure, but he had faith. The friendship he had with the leader of the tribe as a boy, was strong. It had held even into their adult life. 

"Aponi..." Tall Feather spoke directly to Sarah. She had been staring at the Chief as he retreated into the darkness. Now she heard Tall Feather's call and turned to look directly at him. She listened carefully to every word. It was her fervent wish and highest hope as if by sheer intent, she could make herself comprehend.

Not just now, but moments before, Sarah felt she had been judged. It was not hard to understand something big had happened. She was sure it had gone well. Sarah turned to meet the gaze of Tall Feather. His face was warm and not angry, but relaxed. The word had altered his stance, and he was happier...it was plain. "Aponi... "... Tall Feather called again and motioned for her to come with his right hand. He did not wait for her to follow, but turned and left leading his horse. They, the two-headed home. Back to his tent. 

"Aponi"... Sarah rolled the word around in her head for a bit. The actions of Tall Feather were clear enough. He wanted her to follow. Aponi had been repeated at her directly. The dots matched... and she had been renamed. 

I watched their faces and tried to remember each one.
I wanted to fit in, as the alternative was unthinkable.
I found out the truth... I would never succeed, as I am only a woman. 
Being who I am, the most that I can be... is all that is left.
Freedom takes on unusual forms.
It should be embraced as every chance.
It is a statement of fact.
 Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston
on her first and only visit to the archives.

Aponi moved from her place. She walked behind Tall Feather's pony a few paces back. That action alone was acceptance. In her head, she repeated the words Tall Feather had used a few times. She needed to learn the language. She needed to communicate. The face of her own mother, long since gone flashed for only a moment. It filled her vision and then vanished... It felt that somehow she had been reassured. Maybe there was an answer. She just had to keep looking. 

Halfway across the small village was their ultimate destination. That goal was the tepee of an important man. Not so high as the chief himself but well respected. Tall Feather was the tribe's medicine man. The dwelling had been well-tended even in his absence. There was a small fire only a few feet from the front door, with a meal half prepared already in process. 

A big woman was there also. She was just outside the structure waiting. Her size was easily six feet tall and weighed as much as many a man that same build. She was extremely big-boned and well-muscled. Any normal man would have had an issue fighting her in any "fair" battle. Her clothes were dirty, but not worn. They were just well used, as she was not lazy. 

Sarah watched her carefully as they approached. The woman was just waiting. Her hands were at her sides and her face was downcast. Sarah took note that she never met Tall Feather's eyes. Maybe she would have liked to join the others at the meeting before their chief but that was not the way or at least not hers. The man had returned and he would need his home... ready. A fit fire and food already prepared were customary. The woman had seen to every detail. No one had asked her to do it and no one had stopped her. 

Tyra. That may not have been her name accurately. It was the vocal noise she made when she pointed to herself. Somehow along the path of her life, someone had cut out her tongue. However, the woman answered to nearly anything anyone would speak in her direction. Her response was not always friendly. It often depended on outside forces. Just because she had no actual words... she made boundless noises when upset. 

Who was she? Tyra; was an Indian like all the rest. Yet she had come from a different tribe. Her past was a sad checkerboard of abuse and mistreatment. At an early age, she had been stolen and then traded a couple of times... far away from her own family. Tyra was also much younger than she looked. She was slow thinking at times, but few noticed as she did her work well. 

When she had first come to the tents of the people, she had been shunned. They did not hurt her but they did not totally accept her either. The reason was probably connected to her lack of speech and angry ways. Tall Feather had taken her in. When others found her lacking he did not. She was a good woman. He did not care for her in the ways of a normal husband. He did not want another wife... Tall Feather was still morning the loss of his love. Yet Tyra filled the gap. 

Tall Feather approached his home with a happy heart. Things had gone well, and his efforts had paid off. Aponi would be some work, to teach, but it would give him peace. He had none before now. He wanted what he had lost, but even Tall Feather knew that was impossible. So he would take what he could for now, and live on. 

The man dropped the reigns to his horse and simply went inside his home. He ached all over from days on the trail and his soft fur bed was waiting. He could sleep for a week if he could be just left alone for that long. 

Aponi watched her now claimed father and benefactor go into the tent. A moment full of questions was quickly filled with answers. The big woman picked up a small log from the fire. She made a noise...a loud noise... at Sarah. Then she threw it at her. It was not meant to hurt, but to demand action. When she continued to stand in the same place, the big woman made the same sound again and pointed at the wood on the ground. Her face was twisted in an agitated expression. 

Sarah bent down... touched the small dead branch at her feet and repeated the word. 

Tyra made another sound. Only this time it was not as angry. It was agreement. The word... "wood"... even garbled as it was... had been gained. The reason, for the lesson. To be part of the family you must work! 

Aponi nodded her head, then turned. She scanned the area and decided which way would be best to go... and gather what was needed. The medicine man's daughter walked away, from the safety of the tent... to head out and do as she was told. 

5) Maps, Secrets, and Skipping Rocks!

Ajax had left his wife, Elizabeth. He hated that. She was weak and soft... like a flower. 

The man wanted to be there, to be with her..., but was sure that would only cost her everything... including her life. The Hawks' family was a fixed lot, with little change going back generations. They had rules and policies, which were more like "lines of thought" written into "laws" that covered every facet of their "life". The Hawks'. Well, the Andrews family too... were very similar. The one difference, the Andrews' had additions to their parallel views, that tended to morph the objective. The goals of reaching a perfect society mirrored in both, but the base plan, was not always the same. Rarely any of it... on either side was a direct path.  

Generations of corrections, and additions, had made modifications and alterations. But.... they were never too far from the main point which led to dark episodes. Yet, sadly, or at least more accurately... they could not, or would not be precisely described without offense. Morals of "station" if not for biblical reasons, had to be observed. That was always the joint position of those in mutual power. The preservation of dignity, at least on the face of things shown to the public, to the world... had to be maintained.   

Just for being born, there had been plans, agreements, promises and even oaths made ahead, by his own parents. He could have even been aborted if things had gone wrong. He could also die within the first few years... of causes. Any number of them could be used to accurately remove an unwanted living child without creating a commotion. The death rate was still very high for those without means. That was not the Hawks' son. He was both rich and had passed muster. However, at every stage of his growth, all things were still controlled. 

Ajax Hawks wondered more than once if he were truly the firstborn or not? But he never dared speak that wild notion... out loud. He did not even share it with his beloved second wife. It would only scare her, and she had enough to be afraid of already. He had made that mistake before with Hannah. Opening up... too much. Now she was dust. The man would do his best not to repeat the cycle. 

The obligations of Hannah's predecessors' deadly position in the family, responsible not just for children; but for an heir... were heavy. Elizabeth Stanford was the new, and improved possibility. They had rerolled the dice. As far as the new acquisition and what she knew before their marriage was simple. The young widower... Ajax Hawks had lost his first young wife early on. He had been grief-stricken by loss. It had not been more than that. There was no mention of accident or ill fate. Had Miss Stanford been made aware of everything else involved; she would have likely declined the proposal. That is if she had any brain at all. 

The reason for their combination by the Elders was both placement and politics. Not that her family had a lot to offer either way, but they were well-positioned in the hierarchy of the area, and local government. After Hannah, the Hawks' had to bend the rules fill the gap... in the line. Ajax was getting older, and the matter needed to be settled. It would take too long to bring "one" from the Old Country. So. It was handled another way. No one ever asked him if he even wanted to be remarried. They told him. 

Elizabeth was young. She was beautiful, and she would do.

According to the papers, the news, and all available "words" on the matter, everything had been normal. The death of Hannah Hawks' was not uncommon at all... It had been the coughing sickness... Well... or so...  it was stated. The doctor had been paid for all of his services of course. 

The lovely, young Miss Stanford had been thrilled to have been the next in line. She was well educated and came from a nice somewhat local family. They were only a state away, which was convenient. They were not well known, but their lineage had been recorded and thought valued, by all the right individuals. Her name was in good standing. She had relatives too... that had proved of worth, even if they were not directly known to be connected. 

"Family ties were always useful if twisted just the right direction." A quote Ajax could never get out of his head, by his father. 

However, in their few short years together... the rumors of Hannah Hawks' true and ultimate demise had made their way to Elizabeth's ears, or Beth as Ajax called her. The result; there had been questions... They had been put to rest... by the family of course. There had been more questions... and again, they were silenced. The last time... when they popped back up... there had been a final warning. That had been to Ajax directly. He had received it at his own front door. It had come via courier to "Rosara", the name of his home. 

The gift of a dozen dead, red roses had been specially delivered. They had arrived early in the morning on their last yearly anniversary. His and Beth's that is. He had stopped the evil message from being transported to his lovely wife, but he had received it just the same. It had been loud, and it had been final. It might have killed her spirit completely had he not been there, and interceded. 

After that, he tried to reason with Beth. He tried to tell her again...  it was all a lie. His words were not heeded. Why? Because she knew him too well. His kind-hearted wife could see right through his efforts. He was trying to protect her. But the fact that he also endangered her, by simply marring... was not missed. 

Elizabeth herself would not let the words go. The subject consumed her. She would not let the past rest. She did not speak out in public, but she had changed with the truth behind the lies. Once suspected, if not accurately known, it could not be undone. It tainted everything about their marriage.  The certainty, yes the Hawks' had fixed the problem as they felt it should be done. Was he... Ajax; to be held accountable for Hannah's death? Maybe? Maybe... he had not listened close enough to his father? He had not realized the man was such a fanatic until he found his first love... in a pool of her own blood. She would not have killed herself. Ajax knew this too. But he kept silent. So was his silence the problem? Without it..., he too would be dead. Father could always go to the next step... even if he did not favor it. He could be replaced by the second son. It was not unheard of in the histories. 

Ajax secretly wished his father would do just that. Replace him. Not that he wanted to die, but that he truly wanted to be free. Why not let his brother take the lead? Just let him and his wife go. Ajax would just take his young wife, and give her a new life somewhere else, it would be enough. No fortune, no riches, now power... only happiness. But that would not be allowed. Being first born had obligations. He had been schooled and even disciplined regarding the matter,  since the day he took his first breath. The mantra repeated his head, claiming his heart and demanding his soul, never stopped.  

It was not just his father. It was the voice of his grandfather, and his father, and his father before him. They had all taken the vow. They called it the Plato Promise, or more accurately the Plato Pact. That was funny, in a bad way, at least according to Ajax Andrews-Hawks. Why did he still carry his mother's name? That was important to note. It did not happen often unless the mother in the line was considered, "valuable". She either had royal lines or presented special traits to raise her worth. Lila Andrews was a treasure, of that there was no doubt. Therefore the name of the line that included her... was raised as well. 

Green eyes... considered uncommonly beautiful.
The shade and color, ever-shifting,
changing in hue and saturation...with mood, and... or... intent.
 Exert from the Journal of Victoria Loraine Andrews-Hawks-Houston

Ajax did not get any of the special stuff. By that it was meant; the greater than average... gifts or traits. He could not remember... not like his mother, or even nearly as well as his little sister, Victoria. She was the one that could make numbers dance. He was okay with figures, but nowhere near that of genius level. Strategic "sense" was his least favorite topic of study. Intense... long variations in patterns found only by unwavering patience made him tired. While the girl, his little sister could do twice as much, in half the time. If he was a true Hawks' he would have been glad she was just a female and not a real rival. At least not a direct one as his brother would come to be. That enemy... Eric... had a few "traits" that could be an issue. Yet, all in all, he admired Victoria and even loved her in his way. As for Eric, his relationship was closer to Kane and Abel. No love there... but loads of background, and plenty of hate, and anger.  

As for traits from the Hawks' family; this puzzled him a bit. His father was a big man with big ideas, but when it came to thinking; "in a creative way", he fell far short. If there were not already plans to go by, the man seemed to get lost. Alexander would never admit it, but it was true. Ajax had known for years. He had followed blindly however as that is exactly what was expected. Yet, Ajax's awakening had been congruent with the release of his sister. She had been, let go. That had been an incredible event. It was also known, she was not important to the plan. So the reason was valid, or so he understood. Yet, he found he missed her... after all. 

As for physical prowess, Ajax was a little underweight but extremely wiry. He was very good when it came to "personal" balance, and could even do a few acrobatic-type tricks. But that did not have much... worth. His uncle had taught him to do them when he was a kid. Ajax could still do a few even now if he warmed up first. He had not done that for a long while. Ajax's father had never approved of any of it. He told the boy often that such actions were for circus people. Heron had even asked him once in a rare moment, if he thought himself a freak, like those on a stage? The boy was shocked and tried to make apologies for his lacking, in any way his father might have found fault. But that did not cause Heron to slow his assault. He continued at it... Alexander liked to have the upper hand and make others bow. He was always able to get to Ajax. It made him feel... superior, of which he was, being the father. Further Heron went on; if Ajax wanted to be laughed at... then he could just keep performing. Ajax was careful after that. He realized then, that even playtime was measured. 

Over the last few years, Ajax had stayed mostly at his own home in the hills nearby the main house. That is unless he was directly commanded to do otherwise. Why? Perhaps he was trying to protect Beth. He knew that was fruitless. Yet... he still did what he could. 

Together, they lived peaceably enough at Rosara. That was the name of the rolling ranch, but there were no animals. The name;  Rosara... for the house was after the wife of his great grandfather. She loved roses, and this was her cottage, all twelve bedrooms, two kitchens, a library and a study. The house was a much smaller version of the larger Hawks' home. It was about a quarter of the size. Ajax had received the place as a gift... from "the family". They also provided all needs, from their treasury. Outside of just gold and silver, the family had lands, ships... and businesses. They even had people... controlled by influence, and secrets.  Oddly the big house which was provided... was just as cold and empty to Ajax as his ancestral home. But he tried to make it better... as he could; for his sweet wife. She truly had no idea of anything, or the debt that was growing. A successor was required.  

Ajax tried to make a baby with his wife. It was his duty to the family tree. It was also sad to be so vulgar in the reality of it, but he needed an heir. Without one, he might end up a widow. That had already happened once. It broke his heart. He had no idea his father would carry out his threats. they had been vague before. Now he believed him at every word he spoke. But the more he tried to fulfill his duty, the more frustrating the situation became. His poor sweet Beth, was in tears most of the time. The truth was, it might not even be her fault. It could just as likely be his. But that would not be considered acceptable. Eventually, after perhaps one or two more wives... of lesser quality... he might be off the hook? But even that was doubtful. His father was vehement that he take the family lead, after his passing. 

What did that matter? Ajax did not care. He never did. But he dared not say that to anyone... ever. Some have said far less and ended up in small rooms with no windows to the outside. It was better to be quiet and free. At least up until that point, he had been allowed to have his own home and his own family. The hitch in the get-along, if there was no payback for all the amenities he enjoyed, then "they" would just roll the dice again. 

Max Houston had been Ajax's best friend at school. They both had attended West Point. Ajax of course had a free ride and first-class accommodations. His friend not so much. He had barely been able to pay the cost of the tuition. Yet, Max never said a word or thought differently of anyone. He was a good man. He soon represented everything that was not Hawks'... in Ajax's mind. Ajax knew that from the first moment they had run into each other. Their connection drew the rich kid like a moth to a flame. He often... fondly remembered the event from time to time. 

Max and the rest of the brand-new recruits for the famous school were getting off carriages on the front lawn. There were at least ten in the parade of wagons. Ajax had found himself in the third to the end. Not exactly planned, but nothing much was ever left to chance. He ended up close enough, but not too close or so he had thought; to those who did not meet the grade. Then, there had been a loud; ruckus among the last two. The second to last, full of new men screaming out... words of encouragement, as they jumped off. "Get him!", "Teach him some manners!" and the like. They were all in hurry to get a good view of what was coming down the line. 

In the last buggy, four men along with the driver jumped for safety, as it was going to be bad. That left only three. 

There, standing high on the wooden deck of the rig... at least a head taller than the rest; was a big farm boy. His name was Max, short for Maximus... Abraham Houston. He was not famous at that time, but it did not take long for him to gain a reputation. His name was later on the lips of every person at the school, for one reason or another. He was soon to be given the rank of a man to be reckoned with, and he had barely set foot across the lawn. 

Max Houston had had enough from the city chicken in his cart. Well, that is the way he would describe the fancy-dressed fool, later on. Not that he had affronted him directly, but the fowl had made a point to agitate the smaller man sitting right next to Max. The deluge of insults had carried on the whole way from the train stop, to the Point. Like any point... it was now sharp! The dynamite might have been doused by water, with the smallest sign of empathy, but there was none. 

The giant swung his fist through the air and missed. Then he swung again.

Later, Max would retell his side over a pint. He stated, "Stop what you are doing." He even did so twice. Max had a thing about threes. They were often good things, but bad things too had numbers. The carriage had quit, moving. The rotten egg, then basically got scrabbled. They were not yet in uniform. They were not assigned. It was open season, and the hunt for courage and leadership was in the background. Later it was discovered that each buggy contained a watcher. Someone that would gauge the metal of each individual before they ever made it to the school grounds. 

It was reported... and then investigated. It was found... that Max Abraham Houston had exhibited higher than normal empathy for others. He would likely make a responsible commander and was therefore recommended immediately for promotion. He was also placed in the brig for a week... first. Fighting of any kind is discouraged, he got off light. As for the other fellow, the bully? He was dismissed on charges, not disclosed.  Ajax had tried to find out. It was even above his ability to do so. No one was clear what the actual argument was ever about. Max refused to give further details. He was not a man to add his voice to gossip, hold grudges or believe that anyone had a fixed future. 

Why had Max taken a swing at a guy he had just met? 

Both Ajax and he had been on the grounds an hour or probably even less. That is if Ajax's watch was accurate. It should be it as it cost a fortune. Trouble recognized trouble right away. 

In his mind's eye, Ajax remembered; "I told you to take a walk." The six-foot giant had called out. It had not been a request, but an order. 

The shorter, stockier man did not put up his hands. He had ducked instead as he saw the punch coming, but it was not enough. There was a follow-up. 

The stranger had already decided to remove the big horse of a man, from the earth even before the buggy had come to a halt. He had predisposed ideas about his victim, but the victim's hero... was a new matter. In deadly fashion, the man moved with speed to get a better placement in the seat and prepare himself. Then, the prideful peacock pulled out a loaded powder box. It was not a large gun, but it was or could be lethal at close range. If the "want-to-be-soldier" had been any good with it, then he might have been a real threat. The man was not. Instead, a crack was heard... like a leather whip against a rock. Turned out to be a man's jaw. Max had not slowed at all, but taken a second swing, this time connecting. The other man just went down. He hit the carriage edge and then kind of rolled out the back, and onto the hard ground. He was not dead, but he did not get up right away. 

Then there was a huge cheer! It seemed apparent no one cared about the boasting bird, now plucked and tossed. Max was not pleased, but he was not going to take gibberish from farm animals. His zest for life enthralled Ajax, and he knew right then, they had to be friends. 

Ajax Hawks made sure they were in the same building, he and the new Hercules around town. He also made sure they were in the same classes. Slowly he made sure they were "friends". The flame, the light inside the younger Max, was hard to miss. He was just a country boy, but he had gifts that Ajax had never known existed. For the first time in his life, Ajax Hawks also felt he had a place in life, maybe not planned for... by those that were already dead. 

It was because of Max Houston that all Ajax's life was put back into question. He no longer accepted the past as a ruler over his future. The man was full of energy, of a kind that seemed boundless. Max tried to find the positive in every person. At first, Ajax thought the big man naive. Flawed by innocence, yet even that seemed worth wanting for himself. Then he saw how it changed people. Classmates, other students, and even teachers reacted in a positive way around Max. Soon, he wanted more of whatever the farm boy was dishing out. 

The man's morals, Ajax's training... were tasked, and tested to make themselves align with right and wrong, as they should be. In the outcome, Ajax had discovered the error in the formula. Without the recognition of the one true God, all else was just time. And that... ran out. Forever was the kingdom of the righteous, and the Andrews' as well has the Hawks' had a lot to learn, or rather unlearn from their base belief. 

Max and Ajax had bonded. For Max, it had been really easy. For Ajax, it had been a new high-mark, in the timeline of his life. They then had served together in America's great military. They had also raised the bar for others together. In Max's case, he had done it to help his family and loved ones. He wanted the best for them. In Ajax's case... it was all about tasks. He had to do certain things to hold the title. Did he deserve what he received? Not always. But he did have his heart poured into it, especially after he became born again. He had obtained a new level of thought, he had not deemed possible. He had read the "book" from end to end, and found powerful people, brought to their knees. Then there were others, low people of "small" station; that proved to be of stronger metal and greater importance. The concept of honor and even bravery had taken on new means and greater depth. Ajax had also read about faithful people... being raised from sickness, and even death, to have a second chance. 

One thing... Ajax never told anyone about the great light he held dear in his heart. He did not openly admit it... Why? Fear! The only one that knew, was GOD!

Max Houston did not ask much about Ajax or his family. He had taken his best friend at face value. Acceptance. That was fresh. 

It had only been by accident that the man had met Victoria Hawks. She had attended their graduation from the point. It had been the beginning of everything, and the stick in the wheel, that derailed any other plans. Victoria was many things but she was always tenacious. She had fallen in love at first sight and nothing was going to stop the birds from uniting. Max had been smitten as well, and the knot was destined to be tied. 

Thus the two became one and life was anew. They had gone on to be married in a small church with a small group in attendance. Ajax had been Max's best man. His mother... Lila Andrews had also been there, but his father had declined. It was just another rift in the shredded family association. Functional interactions that created depth annoyed Heron. His mother was not much better, but she went through the motions. The very facade of acceptance was to create a bubble of fictitious affection... to impress Ajax... not Victoria.  Ajax's mother had arrived in a private carriage, said nearly nothing... witnessed the event, and left again. 

There had been a prior meeting... of the family Ajax had voted for their union, Max, and Victoria's. His vote was not heavily counted, but he was sure it had made the difference. His parents had let Victoria go, and that was enough. After their wedding day, he had not seen her or Max again. Ajax had not been allowed much space to go anywhere. He had been basically imprisoned... since West Point. He had duties. 

Was that part of the agreement for Victoria's freedom?
It was unclear, but the timing was coincidental.

Victoria had gone to live in her new home. It was a country farm, with horses... somewhere in the state of Pennsylvania. No reason was given that they did not speak with each other. It just seemed to be necessary, to ensure all went well. Ajax wanted his little sister to have a happy life. Sadly it was not long before it came up short to his dreams. Somehow word had gotten to his mother, Lila. Then she had informed Ajax, that his sister had died. That was all that he had. Nothing more... Nothing at all...

That was until...

Ajax was in Missouri now. He was in the Independence to be precise. He had traveled here of his own volition.  The stagecoach had been rough going, and overcrowded. He was hot sweaty and his clothes stank. He could not remember being so filthy. There was something real... tangible... about it. Something that you had to feel to get. Ajax had lived too sheltered a life, and lessons about reality were coming very fast. It had not changed his decision to be here, however. He would continue until he had done all that he set out to do.  

There seemed to be a lot of people heading west these days. As they pulled into town, the Hawks man looked out the window and knew he was in the right place. For the first time in his life, he was out. No one was going to hold his leash here. Yes, he had a mission in life. It had been forced upon him. All and all; it was a very fancy cage, with conditions and restrictions. Elation, at being his own man was intoxicating. 

After Lila, his mother had told him the bad news about his sister, Ajax knew that the clock on the wall had all run out. His father would take action shortly, which might add up to his brother winning by default. Eric would love that. He would get everything and have all the power... by just doing nothing. The irony was deep. 

A woman child was an asset...
Not like a man but like a "reserve of potential future stalk".
Without any chattels, requests turn into demands and life itself... becomes deadly...

He gathered his things, a small carpetbag that held a change of clothes, personal items and additional traveling funds sewed into the liner. There was a picture of Victoria at a young age... which looked now exactly like her daughter Sarah. It was planned that way. A journal, and a small handful of rocks (semi precious stones). There was also a map. It was the newest available for the area. He needed as much information as he could get. 

Why was he here, in Independence? To find Davian.

The door opened to the coach and the passengers stepped off one at a time. Their bags were dropped by the man still on top of the coach. He tossed them down from above and people were gathering their things. Ajax was the last out. He had nothing on top. He clutched his parcel close and kept an eye open. The town... not the city of Independence was huge. It would be a city soon enough, and a metropolis before long... It had taken on the identity of "GATEWAY" to the new world. The whole of "America" seemed to be heading west, and this was the jump-off point.

Ajax eyed the buildings nearest the coach station. There were lines of wagons along the street, and around every corner. Supplies of every kind, from flour sacks to animal feed were stacked in bags and boxes... People were selling their wares both in the stores and on the roads. Everyone had an angle and a plan of some kind. Some of course were legitimate but the hucksters were also there. They were clipping the wings of the unwary. 

"Hey, handsome? Looking for a drink to quench your thirst after the long trip?" The pretty girl asked from a doorway nearby. The establishment, "El Rosa". "We have the coldest beer around. You look like you could use a drink." She smiled. Her silk dress was nowhere near nice any longer. It had seen better days. Yet the girl inside the material was young and pretty. Perhaps no one cared what she was wearing as long as she kept smiling. 

"No. Thank you." Ajax replied. It did note the name of the place. The Rose. It was a good sign and he took some strange comfort in that. He really did not know why. 

"You look like you are a bit green. You really could use that drink." She tried again. The girl face had changed to what appeared to be a bit of true concern. It was not the same as the "come hither" look she had only moments before. 

Ajax should have been insulted but he was not. She was right. He was green. He was the color of an entire forest. Making a mistake was easy at this point. But he was sure going with her would be just that. Well... at least his darker side thought as much. 

"I am looking for someone." He replied honestly. 

"I know everyone or I can find them... I can." The young lady grew more interested than before. "Can you afford..., to pay?" Cautiously she answered back. One part, not wanting to make him mad, while the other seeking an obvious opportunity.  

"Okay." Ajax thought it over. He knew no one here. Where to start? Right here was good enough for now. "I need a room." 

"We have those. But they are a little high and not very clean." She warmed up a little more. "I really can help, maybe." She stepped closer to carry on their conversation without being so... overheard... "Come with me, and I will get you set up." Then she turned and walked off. She headed toward the side of the Saloon. She did not go to the main entrance. Instead, she walked past. 

Ajax had a choice. He followed. 

The alleyway was empty and led to two side doors in the building next to the El Rosa. It was a supply house. Grains of feed were stacked high all along the wall. She passed the first door and went right into the second door. Ajax followed. He probably should not be so trusting but curiosity also won him over. 

Inside there was a large room. It appeared to be the back room of the mercantile shop. There she stopped and spoke again. "This was my father's shop before he lost it to the man next door. I still stay here as my father runs it... for the new owner. There is a room upstairs. You can have it for your own at the cost of $5 per week." Then she pointed to the stair. "Can you pay?" 

"I don't think I will need to be here a whole week." Ajax considered his plans. 

"It does not matter... It is still $5. You are welcome, but if you don't pay someone else will. There is little left in town. Everything is booked and taken. There are so many people coming... preparing to make the trip west, that there is nothing left." 

Ajax wondered about paying the woman for a place she did not even own, but it seemed oddly okay. Maybe she was not supposed to do it, but if he was going to find rest, and she was right... there were not a lot of other options. From the ruckus of people outside and down every street he had seen coming in, she more than likely was telling the truth. 

Ajax slipped his hand into his pocket and pulled out a gold coin. He did not have very many, but it would be better, not to give her a stone. It might bring too much attention to him directly.  "Paid in full for a month." He stated clearly and tossed it her way. 

Elsa Wild snatched it from the air. "Clean sheets every morning." She promised. "Come and go as you like... there is no key." and then she smiled. Not waiting for him to say more, she simply walked back the way they had come. She closed the door and was gone. 

Ajax stood a while, listening to the voices of buyers and sellers in the front room... of the shop. He glanced at the stair going up, then went on. Might as well get settled and try to figure out the next stage of his plan.

 6) Deals in the dark... sometimes in the light!

When I was little, I was considered small.
The time to bother with me, not worth the effort.
 I was thankful in the end.
It set my daughter free.
Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston
 
The gambler was dressed well and looked the part perfectly. His clothes were nothing but the best that money could buy. From his high-top hat to his fine leather shoes, he was the picture of wealth.   

He was handsome, even debonair in his actions and movements. Refined and charming beyond measure, all the young ladies lost their minds... trying to get close to "him". He was suave and sophisticated. He was friendly, in a special way. He could read people and knew what they wanted to hear. Then he could, and would use that, to his advantage. That one talent along with the simple counting of cards was a powerful combination. Very few could win against such a man.

The fancy games master was also an excellent tipper. The workers around him often boasted of his generosity. "To be near him in a good mood is to be near the money tree!" But he was in the end, just a rat like the rest. That would become evident to a few, while others fell easily to his wiles. His reputation was a mixed combination and varied greatly on who was speaking the facts.

His name you ask?

Davian. Yes, he too bears a last name like all men. His tag, his reference, his label; Davian Atomous Hawks. Not the high-up Hawks' like the rest of the family. He was a black sheep and did not care who knew it. He had been planned for... like all the rest. The "family" was big on that. However, sometimes the outcome of a thing is not what is expected or even hoped for. It is oftentimes much more and/or much less. That is to say, every day people accepted Davian or rather Mr. Hawks on face value exactly as he expected they would. While shades and Dark Men also knew him too. Those that traded on names and their values; we're very aware. The scary people that took flesh as payment from time to time were ever in the sidelines. Yes, he was known.

Owing to much to anyone for any reason, was not a good way to live.
That was especially true in matters concerning kin.

Davian Atomous Hawks was the younger brother of the very rich and well-to-do Alexander Heron Hawks. The gambler had long since parted from the day-to-day dealings of those "in control". He liked his life wild, and unplanned. That is why he was here now in this large hotel... saloon. The name of the place, "The High Hand". The town... Independence, Missouri. A chance meeting of a sweet young thing... had led him to the front door. His luck here had been good, very good... so he had stayed. The girl? Yes, she was still around too. She was upstairs. Not exactly his, but not exactly not either. 

Mr. Hawk's had paid for a room, a semi-permanent room at that. Actually, a whole floor really. No one else was going to be allowed upstairs, so whatever was not used was to remain empty. The hotel manager and owner had named an exorbitant price for the purchase. He had gauged Davian as rich, but there were always limits. That is at least in his experience. Hawks, however, just smiled and laid out all gold coins on the table between them in response. It was an amount to more than buying the whole place twice over. The matter was settled right then and right there. Not just the building had been acquired... but everything in it. That had been weeks ago. Personally, Davian had not decided on a set time to stay or go since. If he left, his purchase... the whole top floor at this point... would simply remain empty and well taken care of. Again, just part of the contract. If the girl did not go with him, he may let her live there... indefinitely...  Call it a good deed? Well, his own mother would have. The female members of his family were always a bit emotional in his way of thinking. It did not matter as it was not his first purchase or last. Good or bad was not really important either, as he was indifferent. Davian simply did not care.

Currently, a place called San Francisco was just barely... at the edges of Davian's adventurous dreams. Yet the plan to get there... was not ready. He liked to consider himself open. A day-to-day movement, for now, was enough. Davian had felt comfortable here... in this town; at least for the moment. He was also making a tidy sum on all those that attended his table. Word, however, was getting around, and trouble was not far off. No one liked a winner that just could not be beaten. Counting cards and reading reactions too well, made it look wrong. Of course, no one would dare say cheat or cheater, without backing it up with lead. So far that had not happened.

As for his "home" upstairs; it was adequate for his need(s). Up until now, the man had used it to just sleep in, but nothing more. He had let her, Sally live there also for free, and took no opportunity to indulge. It was yet another arrangement. He had struck up the plan shortly after their first meeting. Truthfully, the young woman did not understand... Why?

Why did he not want her?
Why did he never actually touch her?
Why did he just talk all the time, about math... and figures?

In the end, it was easier to say yes than no, so Sally had agreed. Her other options in life were not exactly better. However, her questions were never answered... and Davian had refused further discussions into the matter, under threat of having her leave altogether. That happened only once, and she had been sorry. She had groveled for an hour before he folded and let it go. She did not ever wish to repeat it. Being safe and well taken care of was, after all... not a bad thing. 

Her side of the bargain? Sally Reed was to keep up the place, the room that is. She would make sure his sheets were changed daily and his bed was made. She however was never allowed to share it. Sally had her own place across the hall.

Sally had other duties. She would arrange to have his clothes washed and ironed, then returned to be put away as needed. Sally would also order meals with the owner of the business to be delivered, upstairs. In addition, she would tend the other empty rooms, like a maid. It was not hard, as they were just dusty... at times.

In the second part of her contract; she was supposed to stay inside. No one but Davian was to come and go. That is except the hotel owner, that had also made the deal. Sally had said yes... again, even to this... but had later found it hard to follow the limitations.  The walls, every one of them was shortly the fortifications of a prison. The room or even the whole floor became a detention center at times, but she still stayed. It was far better than, than servicing ugly men, that treated her like dirt. In her eyes, the gambler was a good guy. Why he would not take her... did not really seem important. Since their first meeting, she had found life much easier than ever before. So why ask more questions, than necessary. It could end.

Yet, there were days she needed an answer. While others she did not. The fickle cycle of her emotions was tolerable for now. Davian knew the arrangement never lasted forever. It was not his first.

Currently, Davian had been downstairs for an hour. He was in the saloon, sitting at his own table. The owner had made him very comfortable in every way possible, and it was not overlooked. The wild card man ever watched all the moves... of all the people around him, ever adding and subtracting possibilities and reactions. Damian saw the world as numbers and figures that held places in imagined columns that no one else could understand. 

It was a little before dinner time and he had already cleared out half a dozen easy marks. His table was basically empty now, as he shuffled the deck. No one approached. Davian used one hand; moving the paper cards to the other, like a lover caressing the faces and holding the numbers. They all slid in and out and around his fingers like dancers and entertainers in a show of their own. The skill of which he handled the squares was nothing less than a man with a gun. No, he did not have to kill people, to break them apart, he simply had to take... everything they ever had. He toyed with them, often. Davian let them win just a little here and there to give them hope... and then he would take it all back.

The professional gambler counted cards like a maniac and could guess... with amazing accuracy what each person at the table was thinking. It was downright uncanny, even scary at times. No, he was not a mind reader, but he could read faces and reactions extremely well. Tips and triggers were his best informers, and he had a talent. He could read people, all kinds of people. Even those that thought they were in control, he always seemed to be slightly ahead of. Davian was also extremely well attuned to lies and deceit. Bluffing him about anything was dangerous.

"Uncle." the handsome man sat right down. He had stepped right into view like magic, appearing from nowhere at all. He had taken the back of the farthest chair, opposite to Davian. He had pulled it out and seated himself as if he had been expected all the time. Surprisingly he had caught even Davian off guard. Normally, the young blue-eyed man was a presence... in any room. But not here. He had acted catlike, and stealth was in full mode. Coincidentally, he also had cat-like features, and tight muscles. He was not over or underweight, but sleek and fast were reflective of his form. His clothes, like the gamblers, were well made. They were not so flashy, but they were a tell tale sign of a silver spoon. 

Davian looked up for a moment. Recognition was immediate, and the implications of the visit... concerning. "Well, I would like to say it is nice to see you, nephew but it is not." The grim look on the gambler was quite unexpected compared to his normal jovial greeting to regular customers. "Sit down, sit down." His tone was full of irony, being that the young man was already seated, without an invitation. "You did not come all this way without reason. Now... What have you brought, you would like to lose?" The deadly tone hid in his overly kind and inviting voice. Davian was measuring the moment carefully, all the while looking for advantages and weaknesses.

"Mother sent me." Ajax... Hercules... Hawks... returned. There was no attempt to hide what that meant. Lila was powerful, and she always got what she wanted. If something was wrong and she sent her eldest, then it was extreme. Davian secretly loved Lila but never allowed himself the indulgence. His brother had been chosen, he had been overlooked. That was the committee's decision. That was the darkness that stained the family, and he would ever refuse to be part of it... again.

Well, the truth was he had meddled... Davian had even fallen for Lila once. That... he already knew was the connection between them that would never be severed. A single indiscretion on his part had taken a larger toll than he had considered. His calculations had been lacking. The result was a love child and a deep family secret. Lila had denied everything... but the truth was real. He had tried to do the right thing, and Lila had refused. She had instead sworn him to silence and told him to leave. That had been so long ago, yet is still stung like fire.

Ajax was the oldest child of Lila and Heron Hawks. He was their prized possession. He was a perfect specimen or so it was certified by those individuals fact-checking and dotting the Ps and Qs. Ajax was of good breeding, higher education, and an excellent healthy past... was all, in his background. Nowhere was there any insanity, criminality, or plain ugliness? That would have been unheard of in the Hawks' family. But "he" had not proved out. He had not produced the next generation of Hawks'. So far Ajax had married twice. His first wife unable to bear children had died... suddenly of an accident. There were rumors, there always were... No one had looked into the matter. No one ever questioned powerful people about "things". 

Ajax's second marriage had also been fully arranged with the same goal, the desired result. It had not come to pass either. If the matter was not settled soon, she too would probably meet with yet, another accident. Again, no one would cared. Her family might be slightly upset of course, but money was always an answer to such stirrings. The Hawks' had been actively part of a larger clandestine breeding program for generations. It was nearly a religion to them. They wanted the best, and nothing else would be acceptable.

"It is not about an elite race, but a better one."
The lie they tell themselves.
Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston

"Let's play a game. I will act as I care, and I will listen. Then you will go away." Davian smiled, but it was not a friendly expression. None of the Hawks' were close. They were never what one would consider or call, a loving family.

"Mother sent this." The younger man reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a letter. His hand was shaking, ever so slightly. It was noticed by Davian, but not mentioned. The item was sealed with wax and had an emblem pressed into the surface of the stamp. It was a single flower-crest. His nephew slowly offered the small packet across the table. To his surprise, Davian accepted it without hesitation. In fact, he nearly ripped it from the younger man's hand. Ajax was slightly surprised by the reaction but said nothing. He had learned long ago, to watch life unfold first. That way he would be less likely to make any obvious mistake.

Davian did not open the letter. He glanced at the mark on the outside and knew it was both authentic and extremely personal. His heart was beating a bit too fast, but no one would know that other than he, himself. He held his visage straight and true like any good gambler close to the line. The momentary lax in his facade, now completely gone.

Had Ajax noticed?
Did Davian care?

Then, the iceman had returned to full winter. Davian put the paper into his own inside pocket. This was not the place to open such an important document. He mastered his pulse and controlled his thoughts with an iron will.

Lila had made a bet, and she had placed it well. She knew just what to do to get Davian Hawk's attention. She wasn't really much of a gambling woman at heart, but this had been a sure wager. The truth to go this far meant she had little other choices. Words about fatherhood would be of little consequence to him. Offspring were not generally his deal. Anything about the program, the "Ancestry of Yesterday"... would only make him angry. That was exactly why they were not together. Lila had been promised to the firstborn of the Hawks', not the second. So, their true connection, they're true past... was only their love.

Those in charge pressed forward with the arranged marriage, and Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Heron Hawk's became a reality. Their social status was cemented and their names were written in the book... accurately printed in black and white. Yet, it was and would always be the wrong Hawks', as far as the younger brother was concerned. As for Lila, she felt trapped by fate. That was the only excuse for her actions that he could bring himself to believe. 

Lila Antoinette Andrews-Hawks had fulfilled her role as designed. She married as expected and then had two children. Both of her offspring were male. Lila was to be applauded for her deliverance of security to the next generation. They were going to carry forward the family name. It was a good thing. They were also born early on in the marriage. There was never a reason to wait. Heron was several years older than Lila, so time counted. The two brothers; Ajax and Eric were only a year apart. However, the boys were not the last of her children. A little more than four years later, there had been one more. The last baby had been unexpected, certainly not planned for as well as the others. It had been a girl. The value of which was sometimes in question... and used as needed for the agenda.

New York, New York
A convention of books, and new artists from around the world!
A gathering of the "literate", promoting "higher" learning...
Davian knew Lila would attend. So he had done so as well on a gamble.
The man was an excellent predictor of human intent,
or so he thought he was... until he was not!
Lila had used him once more and left him without strings...
to pull, or to hang on to!
Her closeness magic; a trap...

No one was more surprised than her husband at Victoria's conception but there was just enough reasonable possibility to elevate any doubt. So their third child had been welcomed, if not on an even basis as the other two, she was still an Andrews' and a Hawks'. Besides, to accuse the mother of his children without direct proof of indiscretion... would be tantamount to abuse of Lila. And that would cost Heron in ways he did not wish to pay, ever. Lila had friends or better-stated guardians. Reputation was important. If Heron really had doubts he would have still been silent. It was better to have a prominent name without stain, than the alternative.

Lila's Vantage Point
It was in truth a weakness of the heart...
Lila thought it was a "chance" meeting with Damian.
It was not considered that the man watched and planned for an opportunity.
Not for the first time, but the second, she let herself be weak...
The night full of passion, the end uncomfortable, and later...
Heron, a nightmare to deal with!!

The whole world changed for Lila Andrews by accident. She had touched and been touched by a deep love like none that she had ever felt before. Not like when they were younger... No. It was better the second round, and more real. Neither had meant for that part to happen, but it had. The third child... a baby girl would be their connection forever. Victoria Loraine Andrews-Hawks was everything they both loved about each other. She would be his, and hers... even if she... Victoria could never be theirs. All those emotions were wrapped up and put away. They were useless to Lila, as she had quickly reassessed her position. The longer she was away from Davian, the stronger she felt she had made all the right decisions... every time. Years passed... and all the murky "love stuff" passed too.  

Lila had secretly wondered as she wrote the letter; Will Davian help? But she somehow knew he would. It was a moot issue. He was a hero, even if he wore the coat of a scoundrel. That was his image, and he worked hard to keep it that way. Yet... the man, her knight in shining armor had not pressed her to leave her family, or go off with him. Well not so much so she could not dismiss it. He had let her make up her own mind, twice! Her answer... had broken the man. Davian trusted no one now. He had become extremely aloof. He never wanted that kind of pain that being close costs again. Yet destiny had a different idea. The proof, tangible, right here in his breast pocket. A message from Lila. Her son... setting right across from him at his own table. (Well their son, but that again was nothing...)

Being in love with the wrong man, was not uncommon in life. But if the expectations of others set goals and limits prior to your even being born, made them hard to question. So their relationship was never made public. In fact as far as "the family", it never happened at all. Voices of people that wanted things to go a certain way won out and Davian was removed from the landscape of Lila's life.

Davian Hawks had been put on the road. He had been given a choice of pure freedom or perhaps something less desirable. Maybe he could have fought their system, their rigid formal plan but it was doubtful. The group had deep roots and gave birth to tall trees. Well, most of the time. There was always a sheep or two, like himself. That made him feel just a little less lonely and a bit more normal.

The real father, now just a donor in the background of Victoria's life, was actually proud of her. He had kept track even if he should not have... Never in any way that would lead back to him. That would not be okay for Lila and that would then cause an issue. So, from a distance, Davian had watched Victoria grow up. She had high marks the whole way. She caught on easily and learned voraciously. Every subject was an open playground but she favored medicine. That had made him smile. He had hired agents and watched her excel from a distance. He received reports... often. He had never been let down. In Davian's mind, she was far smarter than both of her brothers.

Only in secret, did Davian ever feel thankful for his daughter. To do otherwise would have been wrong. Besides, it would not have appeared... respectable. To take too much interest in a kid that is not yours... raises questions. So, to everyone that was anyone... the one thing they should care most about together was lessened. Instead, the focus remained about Lila, always about her. She knew it and would use it. The reality for Davian; he also... knew he was lost. The sharp, professional gambler felt he was a newbie at the table suddenly. He felt; misplaced like a bet on the table that was never fully counted. His hand drifted to the tangible paper in his jacket. He could not think clearly to "raise" or "call".

The Domino Rule; to make someone happy,
you have to do anything necessary for the other.
 There is no depth to that debt.
The structure of an enabler, and the mind of the lesser alert.

Lila Andrews Hawks was still in Davian's head and likely to be there forever.

"Okay. You have done what you came to do. Your services are no longer needed." Davian dismissed the younger man out of hand. Socializing with "family" was not his style. That was especially true when any misstep could be a problem. This man at the table was not his son. It was his brother's. He was the current heir to the Hawks' line. That meant a lot of possible meanings for the future of their family name. Davian had made his own decisions on that... and refused their fanatical views years ago. He had seen too many bad matches. Well-meaning people do wrong.

A small highly irritating thought crossed his mind. How much did Ajax know about "things". Probably nothing as Lila was extremely close-lipped and there had been no reason to change that. Well, as far as he was aware of at the moment. Nothing over the years had happened to warrant revisiting past issues... yet again.

So...

"I want to go with you. No. Let me rephrase. I am going with you." Ajax looked into his uncle's eyes. "I know. I know all about everything. I don't care."

Davian felt somewhat relieved. He did not have to make excuses for why Lila would need his help. If the boy was sent, he was sent. Lila was calculating and rarely if ever made mistakes. At least that was true with obvious ones. 

"I don't need your help." Davian had already run his calculations. He had a fixed idea about what was inside the envelope and did not want to make an unnecessary agreement. Much less a bargain on unknown variables.

"That does not matter. Mother knew I was leaving. She knew long before I did that I was going to go." There he stopped a moment. He swallowed hard. "Hannah is dead. Did you know that? She was killed." The last part is very dark to hear.

"No. I don't keep up." Davian lied.

"My new wife Elizabeth is weak. Father is angry, she has not produced and time is running out. I thought if I simply left she would be safe. Mother said that was not true. That is why she gave me the letter to give to you." Ajax's eyes grew glossy. Tears held back at the edges were barely contained. "They killed the first one, and they will not hesitate to do it again." His tone was ever so slightly shaky. Davian was not entirely sure if it were anger or fear. Perhaps the combination was the correct answer. Nothing the younger man said was a surprise. "I... I actually love her, and don't want her dead." he coughed under his breath a little. "The only choice that I have is to leave. You know what they will do... You know what they have done." The dark expression knitted his brows together almost as one. "I won't waste your time, with trivial details." On the upside; Ajax appeared to grow a bit taller in Davian's eyes with every strong word he spoke.

"Love?" Davian rolled the utterance around in his head. It was a bet worth winning perhaps, but the house always had the best odds in their favor. "Meet me here in an hour. I will have an answer for your mother." The gambler stood up. He straightened his fine clothes ever so slightly and turned away. He did not look back to see if Ajax agreed or not. It did not matter to him.

The first thing to do was to go somewhere quiet and read the letter. Then Damian would move forward. That was always the right direction. 

Ajax watched the other man leave. He did not move but instead watched the other people coming and going in the big room. A beautiful girl dressed in bright blue silk came by the table. "Can I get you a drink?" she paused... Took a breath and added, "Sir?"

Ajax smiled. Then he answered, "Yes. A whiskey... bring the bottle."

The girl smiled brightly. Any friend of Davian's had to be a good person. One thing for sure they were usually good tippers if they were not cleaned out.


7) The River

The large tent was dark, and the fire had burned low. It was now nearly out. The light from its tiny flame, not much more than the equivalent of a candle. Yet soft shadows danced on the inner surface of the skins that made up the shelter. They were scary and comforting all at the same time. 

Aponi had gotten up slowly, quietly. She was a mouse in the house... or so Ma would have called her. That thought made her a little homesick. But that was many yesterdays ago. It was a memory only; to be put away with all the rest.  This was here and now, and life had changed dramatically. She was no longer Sarah Loraine Houston. She was simply Aponi. She was the full daughter of the tribe's medicine man, Tall Feather. It had been decided, and it had been made true. It could have gone differently, but it had not. 

The first days had been hard, with learning all that was expected of her new placement. But Sarah realized; she had been granted life over death. She was grateful and wanted to show it as she could. She gathered wood without instruction each day. She cooked and cleaned as she saw others do, and generally worked in the same manner. Her efforts had paid off, well for the most part. She had become a quick fixture to the everyday life of the tribe. The first days had been full of questions. But at that time there were no vocal utterances that made any sense. So, without words to satiate or even begin to quench her thirst for knowledge, Sarah... Aponi... kept quiet. In that time, she listened intently. She also watched. The words were not enough by themselves. The people, her people... signed. They used their hands often. The two modes of exchange created a language uniquely beautiful to both see and hear. 

I am sick now, and my time is close to the end. 
Mother never came to visit. 
I did not expect that she would.
I try to be strong for my daughter Sarah. 
I have a new game...
We are learning to sign words to each other.
 Exerts from the journal of Victoria Houston

There were also bad moments. In the beginning, there had been more than a  few beatings... earned out ignorance. There were not repeated transgressions, ever. 

Who hit her?
Not Tall Feather.
The big woman... 
That was her enemy or at least her rival.

With the stealth of a cat and the calm of a much older individual, Aponi moved to the opening. She lifted the flap back slightly and slid out into the first light. In one fluid motion, she tied the material back into place. The camp outside was quiet but there were a few people about. Mostly the early birds, wives, and daughters... the young women of the tribe preparing for the day. That was exactly what Aponi had planned to do as well. She gathered up the water skins hanging on the post. Then she put them over her shoulder. There were four. Aponi turned toward the river. She immediately set out at an even pace. It was not a far walk but it was not close either.

The girl was happy. Her heart was light. The great loss of her grandmother, and her father was far behind her. Well, as distant as she could get it anyway. The meeting with Brown Bear, and her new father had been a key point. The acceptance of her place among the people had turned her life anew. It had added a special language spoken by the truthful ones. There were also rules. Yet these were not like before. They were comforting and always for her benefit.

Tall Feather had made her his own daughter. What a high honor that was true. It was beyond sad that his own flesh was now dust... but the girl that was his before the "now"... she had died well according to the stories. The incredible part, the amazing point... she had also taken down a warrior before the end. How mighty a memory to have of a loved one, to balance the sickness of their loss. Grief always burden.  The social structure of her new family was not hard to understand. They loved life and each other. They went about their daily business to keep their homes and their families taken care of. The hardships of this land took from them but they did not think that wrong. It was just as it was expected to be. Death was not feared, but not living, that was different. 

It took Aponi a little while to understand the sounds of the people, the very music of their language. They also used their hands to speak at times. So it took just a little more effort to learn, but it all became part of her new existence.  From there it was only a matter of filling in the blanks. What was expected for a tribe member to stay out of trouble. The social structure and the importance of it all, made sense.  

Humming lower under her breath, Aponi sped up her step just a little. She wanted to get back if she could... early. She wanted to make sure she was there when "father", Tall Feather, woke. He was going out today, to gather plants. If she answered all his questions correctly and in the right order... from the last time, he had promised to take her again. That would be a better day to look forward to, than being in camp and doing monotonous chores. It was a hopeful thought. 

The sky above had a few clouds but no rain to offer. It had come and gone... days earlier. Now it was simply bright and beautiful. The weather was turning warmer with each day's passing. 

The river up ahead was slightly swollen. It was still early spring, and the runoff from the northern mountains had filled its banks. Normally it was somewhat clear or perhaps a green color... but not now. It was more muddied and darker than usual. Aponi approached with caution, as part of the bank had given way yesterday... and left a huge cliff-like area. The newly created precipice now was more than eight or even ten feet above the original point. Aponi skirted the dangerous drop to get to a flatter area. She moved to a good place. She looked around cautiously as the vicinity seemed quiet but felt funny. How is that? Her stomach had rumblings inside, but she was not really hungry. It was a different kind of hurt or better-stated fear. Yet, she saw nothing out of the norm. 

Aponi then bent down slowly by the water's edge. She put all of the skins on the ground and took only one; back in her hands. She placed its opening under the liquid of life and waited while it filled. She repeated the process until her work was complete. The containers would be heavy, but that was good. The effort would make her strong and the abundance of water at the tent would be looked upon favorably. Even the "big woman"  would probably not complain. Tyra herself hated to do the task. Aponi on the other hand tried to find the positive side. It had to be done, so why bother troubling over any of it. Just do it. That had been the basis of her upbringing. Common sense was considered a talent, in and of itself. Good thinking, also accurately named critical judgment by some, allowed for personal growth. While simply following along blindly was considered sheepish. Not the best of genes to be a coward. That also was drilled into her by Max, her father from before. He had been a strong man, and refused to bend... that is until the last. That had been when they had been made to leave the train. Sarah was not angry; she simply did not completely understand. 

Aponi had grown up fast. There had been no choice, and all her decisions from here out would be carefully measured. There was no one else to turn to. No one to ask questions of... that offered familiarity. There was only her new life. Sarah vowed to make the best of each day. There must be a reason she had not died.

Tall Feather was now her family. Yet he was her kin in all ways. Before this, she had only what she had been given by her parents... and Ma. In her short years that had been a lot of knowledge considering the normal standards. Mostly she had been directly taught by her loving mother. Reading, writing and the basics of math were already firmly in her head. She could also speak both clear and proper English... plus the basic beginnings of French to some degree. Now she would add even more important knowledge in the days ahead... the people's tongue. She would learn their ways. Aponi would do her very best to make her new father as proud of her as her last. 

Victoria Andrews-Hawks had been a highly educated individual herself even though she was a female. That had been an asset to her daughter in ways not yet fully understood. The reason, the Hawks' did not waste any advantage ever. So, even though she was not part of the planned future of her own line, the Hawks'... She was still a sharp tool, well-honed by those that plotted each step of the ultimate future. 

Then there were the contributions from the Houston' side. They were not as well known in the dark world of the bean counters but they were not completely estranged from it. They... being Victoria, her new husband, and their child. The family although released from the restraints of ancestral demands were part of the equation for those that still watched from a distance. Their connection, Max Houston and Victoria Hawks had not exactly been picked as in a lottery. No, it had been discussed, measured, and finally decided upon. But that only mattered to a few, even less if Victoria's prayers were answered. 

I met him. 
It was an accident?
That is what I wanted to believe.
There are none, that is the fact that I am now aware of...
He was a kind man from the start. 
I found that I could love a kind man, forever!
He talked about God.
Max Houston was even better than kind. 
He was a "good" man.
 Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston

The daughter of the powerful family... Victoria Hawks had been allowed to marry because she was not "needed". The Hawks' currently had two healthy sons. It was considered unimportant that she even exist. That was a shame in some aspects, that would not be noticed until much later. However, that did not change the fact Victoria had been formally educated. She had been grilled and filled... with facts and information. She had been made the most that she could be from the material on hand. That was the way of the "family". Regardless of rather despite all that, Victoria had been an exceptional mother. The woman had made sure her own child, Sarah had received every benefit she could give herself. That included reading, writing, and all else thought to be of worth. As for the other "things"... she let the dogs of evil lay quiet. Telling Sarah anything of that at this point (breeding programs, historical accountability, and ancestral demands) would not have been of any value. She hated the rest herself. It was not just information but nearly a religion all its own. Victoria, therefore, refused to pass it on. 

Victoria had fallen sick as Sarah had just turned five years old. It had been devastating to those that mattered. As for Victoria's "family" it was simply apparent she was flawed. The illness was only proof of the obvious. The "fever", however, did not discriminate on who or whom would be spared and those that would simply die. While in the hospital, Sarah had been there too. No one said a thing to stop the family from being as close. There were too many sick people to handle for the doctors and nurses to bother with the rules. So, Sarah's father would bring Sarah, and leave her by Victoria's bedside. Then hours later he would return, and pick her up and take her home. It was a brutal schedule. The man had wanted to stay himself every moment of every day but he had to work. The man was responsible to pay for his wife's care. He wanted the best and it took a great toll.  

No one from the Hawks' family came to visit.
No one helped with financial burdens caused by her prolonged illness...
There were, after all... other children.
Had that not been the case, things would have been... much different!
Freedom might have even been lost in the darkness of a family crypt.

On good days the young mother and her only daughter... would talk low, whisper, and tell stories. On bad ones..., well. Victoria would sleep as she could. Sarah would simply pray. Yes, pray. Victoria Hawks-Houston had found the Lord after leaving the Hawks' house. It was just another reason they did not want her within their walls. It did not go along with their way(s) of thinking. Their, mantra! 

Victoria, however, gave that very precious gift of faith to her daughter. She could think of nothing more important as she took each remaining breath. In her mind, it was worth far more than all the rest. 

Sarah's real father had educated her in all the ways he could. The Houston's were not weak-minded. The man's gift? He had been exceptional with horses. It had been an amazing fact centered around his whole life. Max Houston had roped, broke, and rode nearly every horse sold at the livery back home or within 100 miles of its coral gate. The man had a serious reputation. No matter how wild the beast or fierce, it had never mattered. So as any proud man would, he had made very sure his daughter knew all about horses as well. Sarah had been taught to ride nearly before she could walk. In addition, he also taught her similar lessons regarding the smaller animals that came across her path. Critters always liked her and she had no fear of them.

Once... in a rare moment, her father had told her a little about his own family. It was something he normally avoided. Max had said his brother Samuel Houston had been a lion tamer. He, Samuel had also been an extremely famous man in the old country. The flamboyant animal exhibitions' for the circus were gone now. The master of their exciting stage is a piece of history only. But it was a wonderful yarn. Yet there was truth cleverly hidden in the details. It was not a story at all, but a fact. The other part, the most important and unbelievable piece of the puzzle?  Her father had also told her Samuel could "speak" to the animals. Sarah thought it a wonderful bedtime story. She asked him often to repeat the tale but he rarely did. 

Every now and then,
Sarah felt more than heard... whispers.
Not unfriendly, just there.

As for grandma... She too taught all that she could too. No, she was not the real grandmother but an adopted woman. Margaret had taken care of Max ever since his own mother had passed away. Livonia Houston had also died of an unknown illness. It had come on early the same as Sarah's own mother but had moved much faster in taking her life. It had been a fever... that would not lapse. Max had only known Livonia for a few years, and then there was only her loss to hold on to. It had been hard, but he had been strong. Every day of his life, he moved forward in a fashion he prayed would make her proud. 

"Ma"... or really Margaret Athens, had been a servant in the house of the Houston family. She had been there as a maid and helper. From Max's birth on, she had been his nursemaid too. Her long-standing in the family had elevated her to kinship by choice.  In time she had become pure family. To Max, the woman was the same... as his own mother. That is how he referred to her often, and that is how Sarah felt about her as well. The old woman had taught Sarah everything from making cookies to knowing how to mix honey and sugar ... correctly to stop a cough. Kitchen magic... and folk lore-type learning had been her gift. The woman had made every effort to fill her placement with joy and memories. For Sarah, it had been the exact opposite of all she had received from Lila Antoinette Andrews-Hawks. 

Aponi stood slowly. She picked up the four bags and put them over her left shoulder one at a time. They were heavy but not too. She would be fine. It would be worth the effort she was sure. The bad feeling she had, did not diminish, but grew. Aponi studied the opposite shore carefully. Nothing there. She looked to the south along the same bank she now stood upon... again nothing out of the ordinary. Then she looked to the trail to the north..., and a cold... ice-like hand clutched at her heart. 

The girl gradually moved to put the bags one at a time back down on the ground. The danger was close... very close. Aponi could not see it, but she knew it. Her guts were in a knot. 

There were tall weeds along the river's edge. Mostly still dead... but there were signs of green here and there. There were also more scrub brush and tangle trees. The prevented a clear view of anything approaching. The sound however was more important... it was everything. 

In the direction, the way Aponi had come from the camp this morning a new, soft... happy noise drifted and filled the moment. Someone was singing lightly as if the whole world was a nice place. A sweet voice like laughter combined with bird song drifted upon the very air toward the girl. The resonance was getting ever closer to where Aponi now stood. She glanced down the path she had taken. There she saw Dove. That was Brown Bear's youngest daughter. The girl was headed this way also carrying water bags. The morning chores were common among the children. 

The direction north... that way was the route of death. The roar was sudden. Without warning a giant moving mountain of a bear... burst from the low foliage. Black as night, the creature was colossal. It had not noticed Aponi at all. She had remained still as to be as part of the very surroundings... In doing that; Sarah had avoided its gaze. However for Dove that was not the case. It charged the small child instinctively. What had not been noticed or heard were the small cubs hidden from view. The bear's instincts were lethal and the mama was more than ready to defend her babies. Dove had no idea she was in the way of anything much less a mother's morning walk with her children. 

Brown Bear's daughter could not run, she could not hide and she could not even scream. Her voice had become trapped inside her throat... as she saw the gigantic beast running directly at her. There was no escape. 

Sarah grabbed up one of the bags immediately. She raised it above her head. Then she twirled it as hard as she could around, and around... Once... twice...; then Aponi, the daughter of Tall Feather let it go. The leather bag weighted by the water seemed to fly like a solid rock. It sailed the short distance between her and the animal in a champion-style action. It struck the mother bear full in the back of the head. The beast stopped its charge and turned. Sarah had definitely caught the huge animal's attention in the process. In fact... the bear seemed slightly stunned, but not stopped. It wavered a moment, then focused on Aponi. It then turned to give her its full attention. 

Aponi grabbed a second water bag and repeated the first act again. She did it quickly and intently as to make sure no time escaped. The heartbeats between life and death were close, the measurement almost non-existent. The eyes of the beast narrowed and focused again... Aponi was a  new enemy to be taken out. 

The second water skin sailed through the air in the exact same manner as the first. This one hit as well but did not stop the beast. The charge continued. Sarah seeing no other alternative leaped into the cold, raging water. The river grabbed her, swirled around her with ice cold arms, and dragged her quickly away from shore. It was good and bad all at the same time. The bear stood on the side of the river... growling and raging at Aponi moving away from the edge. The bear did not follow. Instead... it rocked back and forth for a bit... standing on the shore. Its eyes were intently laid upon the last sight of it's enemy being swept away. 

Dove... had been completely forgotten in the mix. 

 8) Scavengers, Make Trades

Heron Hawks was angry. Not the everyday kind, but the deeper more profound type which allows for the consideration of torture. He was not ever really happy normally. It was not in his nature. But this time... someone was going to die. The huge man paced, back and forth in the main study. His perfect, handcrafted leather-soled shoes left no real marks on the fine tiles, but they did make a soft sliding sound. The kind of noise, that got on your nerves, if you were high strung. It only added to the mood. 

The time of day was half-past eleven. The drapes had been drawn back and the light cascaded in. The floor-to-ceiling windows left nothing out. The place was nearly as beautiful and well furnished as any castle back in England or France. Antiques, paintings, and sculptures lined the walls, tables, and shelves. Along with priceless other bric-a-brac also brought from the old world there were new additions from America herself. There were also first edition books, manuscripts, and other important documents. They were all... things that proved a persons' worth and value according to the greater society as a whole. It was a family business selling themselves as better than others. It was not of course looked at that way... by the counters in the dark. They wanted pure-bloods. They wanted to weed out those that did not belong. There was always an underlying pull that money made a difference in that plan. The fact was that it allowed for better health. It allowed for higher education. As far as Heron was concerned he was the last in a long line of guardians. Individuals of high standing were in his roots. He believed it. He believed all of it. 

From generation to generation, the Hawks family had groomed themselves for the next level. They had placed their family's connections strategically. They did not care to rule the world only their ideal part of it. The rest was not worth that much attention or so Heron felt strongly so. He had traveled when he younger, but he was still well informed even now. There was a network of like-minded people just like the Hawks', and they stayed close together.  Not just for a generation... but for as many as could be counted. It was a secret society. He was a member and he was also a leader. 

The symbol on the shield,
the painting on the wall,
the crest of the family tree...  you see. 
It is there for you, but not for me!
Victoria remembers!
 
In Heron's youth, the man had gone from one side of Europe to the other. All he saw was war. Now here in his own, "America", that too was being considered. It would be a civil war that would leave a terrible mark. Not yet... but it was in the wind. Perhaps still as much as ten years out yet... but good planning led to the greatest financial returns. Besides, it was probably ordained at this point. The morals of slavery were wrong. Even one such as Heron knew that much. But that did not mean he was in favor of freedom. Heron just wanted to be treated like a king. The venue of that did not matter as long as luxury was involved. 

His marriage to Lila had been the best step he had ever taken. She had relatives, relations, and associates of the right kind. They were also... all... far beyond his reach otherwise. His wife even knew the famous man, Francis Galton. He was working on statistics and genetic pools, along with a dozen other scientific endeavors. She also had connections to Charles Darwin but that seemed less important. Heron did not feel that man's work in the field of family science and history to be accurate. He thought it a bit mad, actually. But being on the outside and only hearing what slips through the cracks, could have an adverse effect on the truth of a project. So Heron reserved judgment there. But Galton had way more interesting thoughts to be considered. Keeping track of the peasants and weeding out the worst could be an advantage to those of a better station. That appealed to Heron. It would after all be nice to have decent help. It was generally hard to come by, in his way of thinking.  

Francis Galton's reputation was known in the dark circles of those that had plans. The work he was doing fascinated Heron. It rivaled his own perhaps, but he would never have admitted it. Plotting family trees and seeking out the "best", was the powerful man's passion. His thirst for what he named, "gifts" was insatiable. Heron was drawn to people that had more... of everything for no reason at all. Their very existence was an anomaly. They were the true "gifted". They also made him angry. As they were better without all the effort of a planned society. How was that possible? 

Being firstborn of the Hawks it was also a family tradition to be the leader. This was a major point of contention between himself and his younger sibling, Davian Atomous Hawks. 

Davian was truly a brilliant man too but he was born second! He was the baby of the family.  He was smarter in math, numbers, calculations, and memory than any male recorded in the books for six generations. He was also brighter in the social graces and could work through situations that made Heron frustrated easily. But there would be hell to pay before Heron would ever relent and admit it. If the Head of House had any personal shortcomings... they were easily hidden in the fabric of purchased silence. If that did not work, other means were sometimes necessary. Heron was not happy with the last part yet in a different light was thrilled. The extremely rich man always made sure he had time to attend the huh... "judgments" and "sentencing's". It was a mock court with few witnesses and held in the dark of night. The sentences carried out were completed by initiates to the cause. 

Raise the bar, or raze the bar!
Hawks family words...

Regardless, the powerful and important Mr. Hawks had different desires. That is to say outside his role as family patriarch. He collected accolades. Heron wanted certificates and medals to add to his family's honor. He wanted admiration for his "goodness"... warranted or not. What did that mean? Heron  felt superior and gathered all those around him that would agree or help him prove it. 

Francis Galt would be someone that could ad a pedigree worth having to Heron's trophies of life. That would not hurt the big man's pride. But so far Lila had refused to discuss the matter. She would not write Galton or contact him in any way on her husband's behalf. That is to say after he had been open about his plans, Lila had not approved. Up until then, he had played things close to the vest. It was mortifying that a woman would question his motives. The very subject had made her face scrunch up tight. It made her appear so much "holier-than-thou". She even raised her voice during the encounter. That had never happened before. The entire memory of the incident was still a raw spot for Heron. That is to say even though it had all occurred ages ago but the bad feelings were just as alive as always. The subject had been quiet since. However, after that... Heron was sure his wife never understood the true value of "their" name. It was everything to him and would be everything for their children.

Heron was a scientist in his own fashion. The root of his thesis held that weeding out undesirable traits in "lesser than" humans was wasteful. That is unless it was in conjunction with the advancement and support to be given to "their" betters. In other words, if someone did not have a lot of value of one kind or another... they were not worth spending additional "energies" upon. 

The big man admired savants. That was the name for humans that were far past experts by definition in fields they never studied. Heron was not a genius, but he liked to think he was fairly close. Yet; it was not enough. He wanted more... Heron was meticulous. The treasure of blood and bone used correctly for his purpose(s), was priceless. It all led him to higher levels of control. The success of his life's work left him giddy at times. Power was after all intoxicating similar to a drug. They, his victims, were the wonders of the world and had to be gathered, collected, and encouraged to produce.  

Those men and women from birth to death... that could play music without reading the sheets were a present to the population. Those few that could play any instrument they touched, were metaphorically named miracle workers. While still more, a larger percentage were able to do long math with high ideas about scientific possibilities not even yet considered. Advances in the sciences... by accident embraced by the weak-minded were wondrous. All of it appealed to Heron, but it also equaled money. So... What Heron was not born with... he bought. 

The man continued walking... back and forth. He had done this before on multiply occasions for various reasons. It was the only thing that allowed him to think clearly.  Heron paid no attention to the lovely possessions in the room. They were just things. The true gold... his son, was gone. Ajax had left his home. The young man was with Davian. How had that happened? It was Davian's fault somehow. It was a plan to destroy all that Heron had worked for. Heron was sure of it. He hated his younger brother and this situation just gave him an even greater depth of that emotion. 

A telegram had arrived earlier this morning. It had been carried by a rider directly. The man in the little office had taken the right steps. He had been very smart. The trip to the huge house had been a long ride of course. However it had been worth the effort of every mile. The messenger had received a solid gold coin. It was worth well over $100 paper dollars.  

The communication had come from his younger brother Davian. The mark on the paper... was posted clearly from Independence, Missouri. That was a long way from the Hawks' ancestral family home, here in the north east. The Hawks' mansion had been built during the early years of the first colonists. Well that is what the history books reflected. The building was closer to a castle than the usual architecture of the time. The great house had forty rooms, two huge separate kitchens, a complete basement... far larger than the footprint of the house itself. There was also an attic. The surrounding grounds were filled with outbuildings, barns, corrals, and all manner of useful structures. There were a thousand acres of lovely forested parklands also, and three thousand more of wild wilderness. 

The two men, Davian and himself... were never close, but this was different. It was a disaster. Maybe that is why the younger man had made a friendly attempt to contact him in the first place? Probably not, however. Why? There was rarely an action by anyone in their line... that did not have strings, and ties of some kind, also involved. But for now... there was just the telegram and the information it contained. The rest of the message would be hidden, unwritten, and unspoken, but present by its lack of presence. The cost of its acquisition, unstated...until later. 

The paper was crumpled in his sweaty hand. It was as if Heron could make it go away... by sheer force, he would. But that too was not going to happen. 

The simple message; 

"You have failed. Ajax is here. I will recover the prize you threw away, to keep the family alive." 

Signed... just... "D" followed by the numbers 1812.

It was clear enough, however, to Heron exactly what was not stated but fully conveyed. The two men had been at odds their whole life. The date 1812 was a reference to war. Each choosing, a different direction for their future. Heron meant to carry on the family name, his family line at all costs. He wanted his mark on the world to mean something now and forever. Not just like being rich, and affecting others... but more than that. He wanted the echo of his existence to direct and even manage others that would come after him. 

Heron had done his job so far. He had married and produced two sons. The problem, neither of them had gone on to have children. The likelihood of them ever, procreating and supplying the needed namesake, less possible with each day's passing. With two male heirs, Heron had believed he had been safe... but he was not. 

Heron had even arranged for two separate marriages concerning his eldest son, yet still no grandson had been forthcoming. Time was growing dim. Perhaps he would have to take matters into his own hand and try again himself. He could replace his own wife... but that was dangerous. She had so many connections. Lila would be avenged. Even to divorce her in this time and age, was a degradation to the family line. It would not be accepted. Perhaps she could be placed in a dangerous situation? Something unforeseen could happen? It would be looked at, however. It would also be considered his fault... or could be. If that were to occur Heron would face retribution... by those still in the dark. 

"They" kept track of things. "They" always did.

Then there was his second son. Perhaps he could be made to fill in for Ajax. But to do that, would mean to make sure the first son died. That was part of the inheritance rule. It was a right of passage for some. Even if that happened... Heron had little faith in success. Erik, or rather Eric... here in America..., was flawed. Even Heron could not avoid knowing that about the man. The younger sibling had bouts of bad temperament that bordered on maniacal. So far no one had been able to bring the issue to the surface sufficiently to cause notice... and perhaps worse. It was after all okay to be crazy you just could not let everyone in on the secret. So, there were never survivors. Never. The provoking part, the stabbing pain of it all is that Heron also had a daughter. If the issue of succession was not set to rest... it would come all the way down to Victoria. There were embarrassing overtones to the prestige and prominence of a "real" man that could not produce a valuable asset... a son and heir.

A flash went off somewhere inside the man's head; like lightening seen at the back of the eyes. It was a painful memory. Victoria, his daughter was dead. If truth be told Heron even had a hand in that if indirectly. Mistakes were hard to recover from. On top of that... his granddaughter was gone. Mortis had told him as much months back in another telegram. Heron had absently sent orders in response to the evil man. He was to find and keep track of Victoria's offspring.  There had been little or no word since. At first that did not matter. This new event... Ajax leaving... taking flight... had changed the parameters of Heron's future vision. The difference being Sarah... that was her name... Sarah Hawks-Houston, was far now more valuable than before. 

The giant, six foot two... overweight but well-dressed man squeezed the paper one more time. If it had a life... it would be dead with the pressure he placed upon its surface. In a "fit" moment, he found he wanted to rip it into tiny pieces. Yet he held back. That would only show on the outside the turmoil within. It was better to be quiet. That at least gave the facade of control.  

Normally Heron would have called Pollen his valet and sent for Ajax. It was a gut reaction he had to put down. Memory served him now that Pollen... had said, Ajax had left the house..., days before, or was it longer? It seemed of little importance then, so he paid it none. But now, everything had changed. Not that Ajax was not allowed to leave, to go places. He had never been told otherwise directly. Yet the "guests" were due in a month. There would be, conversations... investigations. All of that would be canceled now before suspicions could rise. He would make sure messages got out fast.

Pollen was Heron's right arm. He kept track of the details of the house. He knew the comings and goings of every individual. He did it with uncanny accuracy without the use of technology of any kind. No one questioned him. That included those that lived there and those that worked there. He also handled "other" assignments when the need for secrecy was at hand. Pollen was an Egyptian, yet he looked and dressed very Indian. Not the kind that came from America, but from the faraway land of India. He had tan skin and a perfect, completion. He wore an all-white suit... which never showed any dirt or wear. He never showed any signs of aging himself either in all his years of service. It all might have been considered odd, but in a house full of unusual things, unique people were not so out of place. They were collected... too.  

Pollen's background was impeccable. The man had been in the Hawks' family for just under twenty years. He was a fixture as much as anything in the room, where Heron now stood. Heron had stopped pacing. He slowly raised his hand and un-crumpled the paper again. The ink was smudged but still legible. 

The message was clear. Davian and Heron played war games in their youth. Heron was beat, nearly every time. The date; 1812 was used as a reference to those games. 

They played regular games too... like chewing gum. Everything was a contest. Chess and checkers and roman letters, but they were all the same. Davian would win. He was not a poor winner, but Heron was a poor loser. It was the last battle they played together, here at the house that drove them apart... permanently. It had been a simple game of poker. Heron had the perfect hand. He was going to win. Davian laughed and said he would let him win, regardless of what he was holding. That had both shocked and annoyed Heron. 

 The bet..., if Heron would give him Lila? From that point on, the rest was obscured in his mind. There had been angry words and a pistol. No one died but the event had changed the pattern. Heron would never let go of his caged bird. Lila was the matriarch of her family line. That meant everything to the older man's prestige. 

So now, it had all come down to just Pollen. He was Heron's personal, valet. The man had been pulled from poverty and appreciated his station as a servant to the elite. That was the story. Pollen had been placed in the service of the Hawks house, by the "others" in the old country. There was never any question asked about further details.  

Heron, paid Pollen well for his duties... as he thought was due. The houseman had mentioned Ajax being missing true enough. Heron simply had not listened well. 

Ajax's wife, Elizabeth Stanford was still in their given home Rosara. She was there alone. That too had been information provided by the man. It seemed he always knew what was going on, in the mansion as well as in Ajax's miles away.   

Until now the two factors had not culminated. 
The family name was a brand, and they were both branded. 

In the last conversation, Heron had taken part in with Ajax, the young man had mentioned horses. He was going to buy a set of purebreds... at an auction. When was that? Heron could not recall? If that were the reason he was now gone, all was well enough. Ajax could still come back? The letter in his hand said something quite different. Normally he trusted the boy, but the lack of an heir had made Heron short with the man. Heron demanded while Ajax... listened and made excuses.  Now this letter from Davian? His brother had been quiet for years. So the conclusion; Ajax was moving against his Heron, against the family. Betrayal!

Heron considered; perhaps he should visit his daughter-in-law himself. The kings of many countries had done such, to continue their lines. The idea was appealing and appalling. The first fanned his vanity to believe his position warranted such freedoms allowed to be taken, and the second because his son had fallen.

Leaving now? It was suspicious. The words on the message in his sweaty grasp brought light to the point of contention. Ajax being with Davian was a recipe for bringing down his realm. Heron would not let that happen. It was just another game to his brother, but it was life and death to Heron. 

Then... Heron mulled over the idea of killing his daughter-law. There would be an investigation. It would be the loss of a second wife... too close to the first. Ajax would be counting on that maybe. He might believe his absence would slow his father's hand. Then he reviewed his options with his second son and felt a sense of frustration tighten his guts into knots. Ajax was not far wrong at this point. 

The disobedience of his blood was galling. Ajax would feel his wrath, as soon as Heron could get to him. That might be harder than first expected, but it would happen. The Hawks' were known for their patience. 

Like fat cats waiting by the mouse hole.
Even slow cats eat eventually,
but when they do,they are angry...
that they had to wait.

Heron considered again... Ajax had left his wife behind. That was shocking as it had been reported he actually cared for her? That was unusual in the Hawks' family. It also showed weakness. That was not a trait Heron cared for either. He tried to drive it from the boy, his whole life. Just another failure. 

Again... the small paper burned with the information. Davian always taunted that he was smarter and more capable of being the firstborn. He chided that it was only fate that had cheated him. Otherwise, he had been more than lucky. He had been everything that Heron secretly wanted to be, but could not. He was free... because of Heron. That also made the older man that much angrier, and even more jealous. 

A vein... beat a rhythm like an Indian drum at the side of Heron's neck. It pulsed... with the man's agitation. "Pollen!" He spoke in a normal tone but there was a lethal menace in the shadow of its frequency. "I have a job for you."

9) The Value of Gold

Dove stood still as stone, nearly twenty paces away from the shore. She watched on in utter horror barely able to make sense of anything, as Aponi slid beneath the dark... muddy waters, away from view. She was swallowed up by the water completely as if it too was a giant animal hungry for breakfast. The huge mountain of a bear standing on its hind legs swiped at the empty air in Aponi's direction. It roared out in defiance, at full volume. The sound was similar to thunder on a dark, night. The beast was the queen of the mountain or at least the hilltop she was standing on. The young girl then shifted her attention to the thicket. There Dove saw the two cubs come out of the brush. They had been there the whole time and were unseen, unnoticed until now. They were everything to the mother bear and she was willing to die to protect them. It was clear this was an accidental encounter, but it had turned deadly. 

If Aponi had not interfered Dove knew, she would have walked right into the bear family. She would also more than likely be dead. The young Indian girl turned on her heel and ran as fast as she could back to camp. She had to tell someone fast. There was no way she could face the bear. She had been spared to raise the alarm. Tall Feather's daughter had given her the chance to escape. She was going to do all she could to save Aponi. 
 
Dove ran for all that she was worth... back down the path, she had traveled earlier. She tripped on a stone and stumbled. In the process, she scratched up both her knees. They were bleeding immediately. There were also small stones embedded in her skin. She popped right up and did not bother to dust herself off. She just took only a moment to get her bearings..., and then continued again. Nothing would stop her from her goal. 

Bursting into the camp, Dove was winded but did not slow. Her lungs burned hot, but she was fully aware that Aponi needed help. A beeline, a direct path... straight to her father's tent was her objective. She even sped up in the last moments with the boost from an adrenaline rush. All the while... from the first step within the circle of home Dove began screaming. She continued the entire way at the top of her breath... all that she could spare, "Bear, bear, bear!" 

Everyone heard the girl shriek. Many came out of their tents, bleary eyed, and wakened from slumber. It was still extremely early... only a bit past dawn. Others came from further away, braves, those on guard or still in camp for other reasons. 

Tears ran down Dove's cheeks in streams as she tried to calm herself to tell her story. It took a few moments as the excitement and physical duress had finally caught up to her. She felt faint but refused to succumb. Her lungs burned inside with the effort. Dove had always been winded easily, but today had pushed her limits. An older woman, a wife of another warrior in the tribe... noted her distress. She acted as any mother would, and quickly ran to meet the girl. It was Willow. She was the wife of a brave named simply; Bull. As for Bull he never needed a lot of description. You just knew who he was when you saw him. Currently, the huge man was out hunting. A small group had gone yesterday. 

Willow quickly gathered all the information she could and headed alongside Dove in perfect step to the chief's tent. Her arm was around the child making sure she was still on her feet. Once there, they stood together at the front. Brown Bear walked right out having heard Dove himself. By the sound of the commotion outside, the news could not be good. His own heart was racing as she was his youngest child. 

Dove caught what breath she could and desperately pointed back toward the river. She choked out Aponi's name and the declaration "Bear...!". Her father heard the word and filled in the rest. He then acted immediately. 

"Gather the hunters!" He shouted. Then he turned to a younger man near by. "Wolf, get my horse. We need to go now!" The people responded to his commands. 

News traveled and the men still in camp answered. They gathered their weapons, and their horses. All of them were quiet as they approached their leader's tent. One after another answering the call as needed. Their voices silent... waiting for the Chief's next words. Everything happened swiftly as the tribe was always prepared for defense. They had to be as enemies were never far off. In this case however, it would be a rescue. 

Having done all that she was able, Dove fell silent. Her body shuttered and her knees gave way. Willow, the tribes woman picked her up in her arms as if Dove were only a toddler. The older woman then made soft cooing noises to the girl as she brought her into the chief's tent. There she put her back down. Willow then sat beside.    

Dove cried softly for a bit longer. Her shutters became less pronounced eventually.  Her heart was sick inside. She had been spared but at the cost of another. Aponi  and Dove had  been friends from the very beginning. Sarah wanted to fit in and the Chief's daughter was a gift. The girl had no preconceived ideas about Aponi, only that they were now of the same tribe. Being part of the people felt right to Aponi. It was as if she had been given a second chance. The two girl's bond had been swift in the making. Aponi was like a big sister... but just by a few seasons. None of that mattered. They were family or nearly so.  

Willow placed her hand on Dove's shoulder and sang softly. She herself had children so this action was all second nature to the woman. This child... the youngest child of the Chief was a smart. Willow admired her courage to face her own fears and go for help! 

"Rest. They will help her." Willow spoke low in her best reassuring voice. The woman's soft whisper filled the whole tent with calm. 

Then, Dove drifted off to sleep. She could not help it.  

Tall Feather heard the news. It was all over the camp as swift as fire on the plains. Some were yelling from person to person, waking everyone else up. Others were going back and waking their own families directly. All around, the People outside the tepee were moving to action. The medicine man looked over to where his daughter should be and was not. A bad feeling gripped him. The same one he had the day he buried his first daughter and his precious wife.

Tall Feather gathered his equipment, his weapons and his pack. Then he rushed out of the tent. His heart was racing, he could feel it pumping hard in his chest. No one had to tell him time was short. In reality it had already run out and Aponi was working on borrowed. He knew that too. Tall Feather would move the heavens if he could, so as to not lose another of his family. The Great Spirit must be testing him? It seemed that dark events haunted his path. This plagued his clear head and gave it new dimensions of fog. 

Tyra, the big woman looked on. The oddly far away gaze in her eyes said much about what she felt. Empty. A heavy sigh escaped her body. She had not meant to let that happen. Furtively she returned her attention to Tall Feather. Had he noticed? No. A sense of relief passed over her which allowed her shoulders to slump forward ever so slightly. Generally emotions were rough to understand as Tyra had little experience of any kind as concerned true family connections. She had always had to fend for herself, as far back as she could recall. 

There was work to be done. Tyra figured she would just do her chores as always. She liked things to be the same. If they were not it was hard for her to adjust. Tyra found she was also angry at Aponi if she dwelt to hard upon the subject. The day had been "disrupted" because of  "tangle-foot". That was the name Tyra had for the girl. The sound of the word did not come out correctly when the woman spoke, but the underlying meaning was clear. It was a name, a bad name that meant, "Get out of the way, useless one." It had taken a long while for Tyra to accept Aponi being, "around". Now... this? Tyra was more than agitated. 

The big woman remained watchful. She was quiet, or more accurately as silent as she could be. Tyra woman did to wish to cause additional issues. It might provoke Tall Feather in a bad way. That happened some time. She wanted to be his wife clearly, but he did not want her. No matter, the woman would put up with anything just to be near him. The medicine man was extremely handsome. His features were chiseled from stone, but she knew his heart was malleable. Well at least as concerns those he claimed. The man filled her with longing in ways she could not explain. In comparison Tyra was plain even homely. Her clothes were disheveled and dirty. Tyra did not like to bathe either. However she did have very good boots on. They had been a gift from Tall Feather. They were more than nice. It had been a weak moment on his part... perhaps. The sad woman had thought him wanting of her. He was not. Tall Feather was simply a broken man, that would not let go. He had been given too much compassion and empathy for others. His father told him he would never be "tough" and that would probably kill him before long. So far it had not. But the words had not left the new medicine man's memory for even a day. . 

Tyra's face was plain. Her mother had called her fish. She could remember her tone and voice. "Fish!" the woman would scream. At first, Tyra did not understand why? It took her a long time but it finally sunk in. Fish were cold, but useful. It mirrored everything about her life. That was ages ago and she wished to forget it but sometimes wishes don't happen. Most times they don't.

The young woman... continued to watch Tall Feather. He mounted his horse and rode off to join the others in the rescue. The man never looked back. It was always the same. She thought to wave at him but did not. She would do her chores now. Then, as a sudden afterthought... Tyra waved...! She did so somewhat intensely... as Tall Feather and the rest of the braves road out of camp. No one noticed. She quit. The heavyweight of embarrassment fell upon her shoulders. She did not know why?

The dark water was more than a little cold, it was numbing. The choice had not been a good one. Aponi regretted it, nearly at the same moment she took it. However, that did not matter. At least she hoped it had been worth it. She prayed that Dove got away... that she was safe. 

The distance between her little friend and the bear had not been far. Yet... the distance between herself and the animal was not that much different. That is until the first bow to mama's head. "Thud!"  That was Aponi's best throw. It had worked so well she almost wanted to cheer but there was no moment of peace to do so. The action was the answer. So the second swing was done with harder force than before. Aponi gave it all she had, letting go at the exact, perfect moment.  

The heavy bag of water seemed to sail, like a bird. Aponi then stepped right into the swift-moving, water. It had been a wild plan, a spur-of-the-moment kind of thing. Yet, the river did not give her a chance at all... to change her mind. No, instead it grabbed her like a giant hand and pulled her right into its self. It pushed her down and then brought her back to the surface, once... twice... then a dozen more times. Aponi caught her breath as she could. She choked when she could not. 

Soon, she could feel her feet or her hands.

Then, Sarah heard her grandmother, "Swim frog! I did not bring you clear down here to the pond for simple leisure time. We better be able to tell your father you can swim before we get home... Or missing the chores in favor of a cool-off is going to get us both in trouble. " Then she laughed. It was the happiest music. Ma knew that her father would never be angry about anything. That was especially true if she was learning something.  

That had been the best day. Ma had taken her down to the big blue pond. She made sure... true to her words... Sarah could swim like a frog. Sarah smiled thinking about the little green creatures. Her body was also trembling uncontrollably... 

"Swim frog!" The voice grew louder in her head. It made her keep trying. All she had to do was get to the side. There was safety there..., on the land. Yet... it was taunting, moving closer and further away. A wave taking her down to gulp water, and then releasing her to struggle again to the surface, just to try... and desperately breath. Coughing and choking, staying alive was hard to do. Nearly blinded by images contorted with shadows, bubbles, mud and wreckage Aponi was just another piece or fragment in the flow. 

Yes, Sarah could swim. But this was not a nice day in the sunshine. Well, actually it was. The sun was bright overhead, and the water was only a product of the storms in the north. The water was not drifting by. It was swift and swollen from runoff and held twigs, logs, and rubble. At times it moved faster than others, but even the slow areas had rocks and drops... 

Just ahead the river widened and she found a log floating near. She grabbed the side of it and held on. Sarah found she wanted to sleep. It seemed like a very good idea... Her eyes wanted to close. 

Then, suddenly, the land was no longer passing by. The log, her makeshift raft, had jammed against another. It woke Sarah from her half stupor. 

An unspoken prayer... just below hearing,
can always be heard clearly, by listening angels.
Victoria, written in blood, to those that thought they had won!.

The shore was there. In an act of faith, Sarah let go of her floating sanctuary and pushed off. She swam. At first, it was unclear if she was making any headway at all, and exhaustion was likely winning, or going to. That was okay, she would see her mother soon. Briefly, she wondered what heaven was like? But then she felt the solid ground of shallow water... Sarah dragged herself forward. The edge and safety were right there. It was directly in front of her. 

She made it to the sand at the boundary of the water's side. Then, too weak to stand; she crawled a bit further on hands and knees into the tall grass. The smell was intoxicating. Lilac... and rose, dandelion and foxtail, a cushion of green as far as the eye could see.   

The clearing near the river was wide and deep... There were flowers, wild berries, and a feast of lovely greenery, herbs everywhere. There was a bounty of incredible healing possibilities to be collected too. Tall Feather would have loved the place. 

Tall Feather? Briefly, Aponi dared wonder if he would miss her? He was a good man, and a good father... as far as her short years could tell. One thing surely, Sarah would miss him.  

Aponi... prayed, thankful to be on the ground again. Solid and unmoving...  She was alive. That was surprising at best but truly more than that; it was a miracle. The water was no less torrential here than before. It was only by fate or destiny that she had found an inlet provided by broken logs and a few short limbs.

An elk as big as a house starred at the girl leaving the water's edge. The animal did not even move to investigate. It just went back to grazing on the sweet grass. It was unafraid. The small human child presented no threat at all. Then another elk walked into view. They were beautiful... Sarah thought. It was a good thing that they were not angry with her as the mother bear had been. If that were the case, she would be completely lost. So instead, she lay down right there on the ground. She brought her knees up tight and tried to stop shaking. Then... she could not remember anymore. 

Time stopped or at least went unnoticed. That is except the passing of the warm sun in the sky above, into the cool of the evening. Sarah was finally dry or mostly so. The warm glow had helped some but she was also sick. Somehow, in all the whirling and twirling in the water, she had hit her head. A swelling had started over her right eye. Her whole head hurt too. Maybe it was from just the wound but her stomach felt giddy and empty. That made some sense as she recalled she had not eaten at all. The whole day had passed, and none of it the way Aponi had planned. 

The lost girl looked up into the sky. It was getting dark. She must have slept the day away? Her body was much dryer but she was still damp. It made the night air... bite.  Worse still, she was cold..., and hot. A fever had come at it was not in a hurry to leave. First, she opened her eyes slowly. The gray sky was turning black. The stars were coming out, one by one. It was in her to want to go home, right here and right now. But her body simply would not respond. Instead, shadows played at the edges of her field of vision. When she tried to follow them directly they vanished. What she could see...? It made her think of spiders. Big spiders crawling along, like in the old barn back home. No one bothered them and they never bothered anyone or at least that she knew. Papa had told her that, and she believed him. 

There were soon, new sounds all around. Some were friendly, most were not. She felt sleepy but not the right kind. She felt heavy, but there was no sense to that. She was not carrying a thing. More noises... closer. 

Aponi closed her eyes, or at least she thought she did. Her heart was sad and lonely. It ached worse than her head. Sleep wanted or needed... it did not matter. It took her away into the quiet places, where fear can not reach. 

Brown Bear ... The Chief

A man, chosen among many,
to do the right thing, in the face of evil.
Hero of only one... or many,
measured by the strength of an honest heart. 
Looked up to and sacrificed for...
by men, true men that carry sharp knives, 
fierce arrows and axes made of stone.
They all go willingly, if unwilling... to war.

Fear is not among those that sit
 in the house of logs and skin.
"It" is too afraid to go there,
as "It" knows... "It" will be defeated,
by eagles and wolves!


 10) The Second Son

Eric! His whole name being, "Erik" in the old tongue... "Erik Caesarian Andrews-Hawks" The man was a force to be reckoned with, most of the time. His station in life; the second son... not the first. The man was only one year behind Ajax, the same distance of time between Heron, and Davian. That was true up to and including the exact date of their birthdays. That was probably not the only similarity but it was a verity worth knowing. It was not overlooked by Heron either. 

Lila could count... everything with unnatural accuracy!

Did she plan the birth of her son(s) on purpose... just to annoy her husband? Why? To point out that she was unhappy, and that the two... were as one, the same.

Twisted brotherly relations ran deep.

Eric, named for the Greek... mythological "demy-god"... Eris... of course the male version anyway. The reflection in the mirror at least the one in his bedroom said much if anyone cared to see it. The underlying yarn, the funny part... the definition made on behalf of those slow to burn... had to do with everything about his name. The meaning was strife coupled with discord. Their descriptions are written in harsh reality well defining the life of their named sake. 

Eric's middle name was not much better. He was named Antaeus after the Greek myth. That was the name of the son of Poseidon. He was a half-giant that sat by the road and killed people for sport. In the end, the only one that could take him on and win was Hercules... Which coincidentally was Lila's choice for Ajax's middle name. 

Again, the question comes to mind, had she planned everything?

Eric was handsome like his older brother. Well, at least in the area of facial features. Not so much in their actual forms. That was where the similarities ended. Eric was not six feet. He was only 5' 5". He was much shorter than any of the men born so far... to the Hawks' family. He was not thin. He was muscular, even stocky for his size. Although he was more brawny than his older brother, he was fat and fleshy as well. He presented to be healthy and strong at least in general stature. It was the rest that left questions. He was quick-tempered like Heron. He was well-spoken even slick like his uncle Davian. He calculated like his mother without paper or pen. And... he had a few other tricks up his sleeve. Their existence and or worse there possibilities yet to be made public. 

The flaw...? He was a narcissist.

The number two to the thrown created and kept by the Hawks' family was lacking. Yet, he did not feel that way. No. His vision was far from it. His name had brought the best of everything available... since birth. Eric was born with a silver spoon, and he made sure it was kept full of everything he ever needed... or wanted. He would have been happier if it had been made of gold, but that metal was too soft for such utensils. 

Eric... Antaeus; was named after a titan no less... a demy-god... a Caesar of Rome, an emperor of the lower forms... a ruler of the past... you name it and Eric claimed it. He loved his label. 
 
Eric Hawks was swift and caught on quick. The man enjoyed his place, his position, his station but would have loved "more". It was his favorite word from the time he could first speak. Of course, it would always have been better to be number one. Over the years he came to hate Ajax. He wanted the firstborn's birthright. Brother against brother was not a shocker. It was a time repeated story. The difference between this rivalry, and the typical kinship of most was that the survivor would be a sovereign. The Hawks were extremely eccentric compared to the rest of the "powerful" élites... but or rather yet; they were known in places where it counted. 

That, state of being "more"... occupied much of Eric's time, and his thoughts about ways to move up the ladder. Success especially unearned but savored just the same was priceless fodder for his imagination. But the man tried not to dwell. All of that kind of focus led to trouble which he avoided. Well, that is... if he could. The truth was he made sure; if he did step out of line, there was always someone else to blame. Nothing ever came back to his door, and he liked it that way. 

Being from an incredibly smart family made one smart by association. Or at least that was the premise of Eric's view. All those not kin were judged accordingly. Since his 18th birthday coming of age he had still chosen to live at home. He never figured to go elsewhere. Why would he? Food, security, and shelter did not begin to cover the superior living conditions of the updated "house". It was a mansion and the surrounding lands were nearly... a country to themselves. They went on and on in all directions full of wild animals, deer, and elk just to start. As for supplies... There were weekly wagons. They were always loaded. They brought new treats from all over the world..., all the time. There was also an army of "help" to do what was needed. He hated menial tasks. All of them just... shadows, most without names, only a few with faces to remember at all. They were barely considered more than microns above animal stock. Useful.  

Lila, his mother had stopped talking to him nearly two years back. She was angry about his education... or lack thereof. Eric rarely bothered to finish lessons. Other than family business to him; there were no other important topics to consider. Besides, she was just a female, and he... like his father did not put much stock in her words. Eric had watched how the Head of House had treated her. He learned and put it to memory as it was a valued tutorial. Eric wanted to do everything the same as Heron. Mirroring,  he felt was the best form of a compliment. Eric geared his conversations to his father in a manner to fan the man's pride at every opportunity. Heron never noticed, he just enjoyed it. 

Often his father belittled his mother's very existence. It was not always right out in the open, but Eric knew all about the undertow that consumed everything.  Words, whispers, and body language were just part of the collage of mixed communication. He knew all he needed to know. He was in the right place, at the right time to live well. Eric was also in command of others... servants and those lesser than himself. The only thorn in his paw was his stupid older brother. Being born first was just luck. It should be about who deserves and who does not. But Eric kept that quiet. Talk like that had started the arguments with his mother. She was not to be trifled with. Even if she was lesser than his father... she could still put him out. Her ultimate blessing was needed, he knew... even if he hated the very idea. However, to give her any serious status was to instill that into others. It was not a good trait to perpetuate in their minds. Females should keep their place and be grateful he reasoned. 

There had been a knock earlier at the front door. A servant had made Eric aware of it. There had been a message brought to the house. That did not happen often. Rarely if at all. Well, not in this manner. There had been a reward given. News of that stature was extreme. His father never bothered, unless he were truly impressed. 

The young man yawned. Vaguely he wondered what day of the week it was...? Eric then gathered his clothes and shoes. He pondered a moment again... It was his birthday. He had nearly forgotten; no one else had better. That made him make a face. It was not a pleasant one. 

He sat back down on the edge of the big bed, a sleigh divan meant for giants by the look of it. The servant had come in after a soft knock and pulled the drapes a few moments before. She left breakfast on the table and then removed herself, quietly. It had been that pretty one... named Fawn. He liked her name. He even rolled it around in his head for a bit wondering what the background of such a collar might be? It was nice the way she came, did her work, and kept quiet. Maybe he would see what else he liked about her later? The smile on his face this time was not pretty either.  

Slowly Eric put on his pants then his silk shirt, his pants followed by his socks and fine leather shoes. He had a bit of a hangover from last night. It did not stop him but made his actions slightly more painful. He would have to sober up some before he went downstairs. Was there time? He thought hard and then decided there was none. He would just take the chance at being caught again. It would only be another lecture; Who cares? 

The puzzle of someone coming today was at the forefront of his thoughts but they were not alone. It was also his birthday. That should take first place over everything else. If it did not, then he would be the one lecturing in the nicest most irritating way he could. Irony, Eric loved it in all it's base forms. 

Eric stood up slowly. The room at least did not swim any longer. That made him more mobile now. His right hand covered his open mouth and he blew air outward. "Yuck!" was the answer. No time to brush his teeth. No time. Oh well, he had better get downstairs and find out what was happening or he would miss something. So he put off dental care in favor of good timing. He walked to the door and opened it. No one was in the hall outside. His room was on the second level, close to the back of the house. There were only two other rooms that were even used on this end. He liked it that way. It gave him plenty of privacy. The servants still cleaned up, so again... who cared? 

Eric slipped out the door as if someone was watching. He kept his walk straight and careful so as not to show any signs of last night's fun. His head throbbed a bit but there was nothing to do about it. For now, he just had to keep going. Eric stopped at the entrance to the top of the giant stair. He looked down over the rails into the main entrance of the house. It was a grand front room... and access hall. Chandeliers were hanging and brass fixtures were everywhere. There were carpets and rare tiles, expensive materials from distant lands all made into everyday useful items. The Hawks' home was showy to the edge of vulgarity. 

The man stood as if he had been bronzed. Voices could be heard rising up from below. He was sure his mother was one of them.  That was unusual. She rarely left her rooms on the east wing of the mansion. She even kept to herself for meals. It had been that way for a very long time before now. Father did not really care. There was no love lost between them that was obvious. They were cordial but that was the limit of their relationship. Yet, not this time.  The doors were open and the sound carried well. 

"Well, nice of you to come down." Heron sneered. He still held the paper in his hand. He moved to the big desk, opened a drawer and tossed it inside. 

"You can not hide it. I know you received a telegram. You might as well tell me what important news has come to our door this time?" The resonance of self-righteousness not at all lost in her demeaning tone.  

Heron glared across the room. He thought about leaving her in the dark, but she always had ways of knowing things in the end. So there was no point at all in deception, at least this time. "Our son has left." He cleared his throat and swallowed hard. "Ajax has run away from his duties and it is time to make hard decisions that have been put off too long." He nearly spat the answer back at the woman. His anger growing the more he worked out the ramifications in his head. 

"I know what you are thinking. I will not side with you. Our second son is the second son for a reason. He will never take your place." Lila was deadly serious, as if her words were laced with venom in a quiet shivery kind of way. 

"Ajax is gone. I have been left no choice." Heron gathered his wits. "I gave him a chance... I waited. I even provided a second option, a new pretty wife. He still failed. Now he is gone, just gone. Does he think that will forestall my hand?" Heron was more than heated now. Earlier the man had sent Pollen to do what was necessary. Now... here in this room, in this house his wife dared question him. She had been made aware of the details because she had demanded them. Heron could have refused but he did not. This was now a test of control between them. In the end Heron was the ruler, even if she did not like it. However, his wife had presented deep doubts in Heron's plans as a whole and now made no attempt to hide her feelings.

Eric was sure the second voice was his father and he loved the words floating up from below. His heart was racing as he tried to control his pulse. With stealth, he moved to the edge and listened closer. The conversation was going his way, at least he thought so. Eric liked the sound of things so far. Then he stopped moving at all. He wanted to make himself one with the stair. He wanted to be invisible. He desired to listen, and learn... 

"The things you wanted most have slipped away Heron. You are the reason for their departure. I find you lacking in what is needed... and there is no excuse. You will send a messenger to stop Pollen. You will stop whatever you planned to do. The house man is not an assassin. You are trying to make him a mule. Don't! Go yourself if you must..., so the blood would be at least upon your own hands or don't go at all. Stay... and let the Hawks' name pass to a "mimic" of you." Both their eyes met. Heron knew she had referred to Eric.  A mimic being something that is never as good as the original. A mimic is always "lesser than". That was common knowledge. 

A mumbled response of surprise and anger unclear but still strong in meaning followed. Heron agreed with her even if he did not want to. But he would rather place his own blood in the seat of power then someone the elder's might find more useful. Heron had his pride and it was a heavy burden to carry through life. This small matter would pass. He would see to it.  

Lila continued. The powerful man tried to focus on her threats and read through the lines. "Yes, I noticed. Eric praises your ego and you bathe in it. Well, I hope you drown." Lila's voice became ever so slightly lower. It held a power, achieved only by a superior station. 

Heron replied. "I will do what I must." His voice a solid resignation of fact. 

Then there was a long silence. Eric had not heard anything more for several minutes. He waited. He was afraid if he moved too soon, he would lose the advantage he just gained. Information was worth far more than gold coins could ever be. The right word in the right place at the right time could bring about success or disaster with equal intent.   

Down at the bottom of the stair a glass was broken. The sound was specific. The shattering force unmistakable, and undeniable. 

"It is done between us." Lila ended the conversation. She turned her back on Heron leaving herself exposed. She was unafraid. The powerful woman waited a few heartbeats tempting fate. Would he stab her physically? Maybe... But doubtful. Lila Antoinette Andrews left the room. She crossed the wide expanse between the double door opening to the library and the main parlor located across the entry hall. Then she disappeared inside... her long dress still making soft swishing sounds for several heart beats after she had passed. 

Eric was full of questions. His father was just downstairs he knew. He was in the main library. He had to be. He was just out of view from the banister. Eric moved forward cautiously. He wanted to make sure... things were as he suspected. His father never showed himself. Heron had to be... still inside. 

Eric walked down the staircase. He moved like a humble and faithful son might. He moved with intent to be noticed, but not to imply he had been eavesdropping... just moments before. At the bottom, he dared to look first in his mother's direction. He could see into the next room just between the doors. No one was there. She had to have walked on through. Eric turned back to the library and his goal. He proceeded on. 

The doors were also open to this room. Eric attempted to appear unhurried as he entered. Eric's father was standing next to one of the far windows, facing out... That was the front direction to the house. The construction was unique. All the panes were the same. They were fifteen feet from base to ceiling. The windows started right at floor level and gave the impression of walkouts rather than fixed glass. 

"Father, good morning." Eric cheerfully greeted the man. "Wish me a happy day... It's my birthday!" He centered on a positive subject quickly. If he was meant to know about the other situation, it would slip. Heron never thought all that clearly when he was angry and Eric knew that too. The small vein on the side of his father's head was beating like a giant drum. He could see it pulse from several feet away. Yes, his mother had said something... important. He dare not ask about the glass. He looked around and nothing appeared broken anywhere so he could not directly inquire. He would just have to play the game. 

He was good at games. It is what he actually... did best!

Andrew looked distracted but he shook his head regardless in Eric's direction. There were so many things going through the older man's mind; it was hard to form a plan... quickly. Perhaps opportunity had just come downstairs? 

"I am glad you're here." Heron turned to face his son. He took in the man from head to toe... in a measuring gaze. Then he turned again and looked out the window. Heron this time... continued... the same man but a different side; gathered the rest of his fragmented ideas and assembled them. Then he spoke, "I have something I need you to do." The last words were level, and vacant of emotion. 

Eric felt a cold chill go up... his back. The temperature of the room felt different too. 

Eric swallowed hard. "Yes, father. Anything." He paused for effect. Then he added, "You know I am 'your' son." implying more than just genetics. "Body and soul, morals and ethics supplied by you, in all the correct measurements, Sir." 

"Your brother has left the family," there... the man halted and then took a deeper breath. "He left the family on a mission. He is unaware it is flawed and that he needs to return home. You need to go and find him directly. Make sure your brother understands he must return, one way or the other." His brow stitched together creating a dark line. "If you find him... and I know you will...; well... The world out there is very large, and he has gone to the frontier. Anything can happen, everything is possible. The laws and the lawless fight constantly. If that be the true reality, and you have no choice; bring me back his head." The last word, a body part, severed from its whole... Amazing! Eric was elated. His time had come, and he was going to be the firstborn. All he had to do was go and collect the prize. I mean help the family get back together. Right?

"I will do whatever it takes to keep the family Hawks' name strong. I will not let you down." Eric had no real idea about traveling anywhere outside the mansion grounds. He had never even gone to a school as his brother had. Instead, he had refused up until this point. His schooling had been provided by tutors and mentors hired for that purpose. He had worked with them... up to a point, then stopped.  

"You will be provided financial support to buy what you need. That includes supplies and or people. Do you understand?"

"Yes, father. I do." 

"Do you understand?" Heron restated the question. His tone meant more than words. 

Eric looked directly at Heron. "Yes, father. I do know." He replied with all the sincerity he could muster. 

Heron measured his son with his eyes. He could see every flaw but he did not believe that others could. The powerful patriarch continued, "Pollen is a few hours ahead of you. I sent him to speak to Ajax's wife. Pick up his trail there, and take him with you. He... will help you bring your brother home." Andrew's face grew ugly. "If he becomes an issue, then I will let you work that out as well. Do this the right way, and you will have a real celebration on your next birthday." The last words... whispered, not low and soft... but shadowy and sinister. 

"Thank you, father."

11) Visiting Relatives

Eric Hawks was on cloud nine. He had been given everything he ever wanted, and all he had to do was hunt down his older brother. Oh... and probably kill his sister's kid, just for good measure. He had quietly walked back to his room after his exchange with Heron. He wanted to run up the stairs and pack, but he did not. He moved with slow deliberate steps. The man wanted to show anyone that was watching, how this was affecting him. And... he wanted to make sure they saw, exactly what he wanted them to see. A dutiful son, doing his father's wishes... That sure looked good on paper in the history annals of the Hawks. 

As he reached the top step he turned toward his room. He continued. His thoughts were full, and he was already having fun with the idea. What fate could befall Ajax, that would be accepted? Yes, he could just kill him any way he liked, but in case someone else was "watching" on the sidelines... he wanted to make it look natural. A shoot-out with a bad guy in the west would be fine. Eric was not good with the gun, but he could find someone who was. An accident riding a horse would be better. That was easier to pin on "nobody" and left no witnesses. Well, maybe not? His brother was very agile and it might raise inquiries? Eric would have to think harder to come up with the exact, ideal... situation. Something perhaps noteworthy in the process? It was not after all in the Hawks' to be on the front page of any news outlet but it crossed Eric's mind. A little notoriety, could not be a bad thing at least in his way of thinking. 

Having come to the entrance of his bedroom; he grabbed the knob and turned the handle. The door opened immediately and he walked inside. The room was cheerful or at least one could say it was bright. Light streamed in from the big windows. 

Eric went to the far wall. There he pulled out a leather bag. He then went to the big dresser and gathered a few items. He stuffed them or rather he jammed them into the satchel. He opened the top drawer... and fumbled along the backside. A moment later he held a derringer in his right hand. It needed cleaning as he had not done so since its first purchase. That had been his 18th birthday. "Every man needs a gun." That is what the man at the counter had said. He had been in New York City. Normally he never would have left home. But there had been an errand there for his father, and saying no was never an option. That had been a small favor but obviously, it had paid off. Alexander Heron Hawks was now depending on him. Eric had been offered advancement. That felt good, really good. 

He put the gun into the clothes bag among his other things. Eric's thoughts were racing. This would be a test of his abilities. What would be the plan? First, there was the matter of Pollen. He was on his way to Ajax's residence. Father had sent him to ask Elizabeth where Ajax had gone? A fruitless errand. The girl was probably unaware of anything. Most women were simply stupid. Besides, Eric knew his brother too well. He would never have told her anything of value. Besides, the woman was weak and dumb. Eric knew he could be there in an hour if he hurried. So, quickly he gathered a few more items from his nightstand and stuffed them, into the bag. He put on his wool coat, as it was still cold here in the north.  

Shortly after, Eric went downstairs. He did not go back to see his father nor did he dare go and speak with Lila. There would be no goodbyes. If he tried, she would probably put an end to all of this before he got started. Something dark inside of him made Eric very sure. So he went to the kitchen. There he put together another bag. He was not about to go hungry. He helped himself to a loaf of homemade bread. He put in a jar of honey, some hard cheese, and dry meat. 

Walking through the preparation area, Eric found a few more items. There were cookies and other... necessities. He scooped up handfuls and put them in the second bag he had started. Soon, it too was packed. The contents were easily enough to feed five grown men. 

Then Eric left out the back. He headed toward the stables to pick out the best horse on the property. Ajax was not around, and that was the point. They fought over one particular animal off and on over the years. It had caused issues between them. The horse had belonged to Victoria, but that was a moot issue. She was dead. Everything she ever had reverted to the family coffers. That included the black purebred. Now, he would soon be the sole owner. 

Eric walked through the dry grass. He had a plan. 

The barn door was already open. There were a few servants here and there. All of which kept themselves busy and away from anything to do with the youngest Hawks' son. Eric continued as before the owner of everything. He had not earned it yet, but that did not change much. One stall, then two... it was the third one in. He stopped. The incredible horse was right in front of him. It was just inside. The animal raised its head slowly and looked across at Eric. Eric looked back. 

Then the man had a funny thought. Why start so soon, in having to take care of himself? There was still, help at hand. So he would just use it. Eric was not in the real world yet. Here this was the land of the Hawks'. So, Eric stepped back into the walkway in front of the stall. 

"Stall boy," Eric yelled out. 

A young man popped out from nowhere. He had been cleaning the other stalls and heard the Hawks' man enter. His whole reason to exist was to keep the horses well-tended. The boy loved them so it was easy. The servant did not however love the Hawks'. That did not matter, he knew what to do.  

"Yes, Sir." His answer was proper and perfect. Manners were kept.  If they were not, you did not serve, you were kicked out. 

"I am going on a long ride. Get Goliath ready." He tried to put his best..., tough voice, behind his words. Yes, he could ride Goliath... but sometimes the mount had its own ideas about things. Yet Eric was the master and the horse was just part of the picture. Everything was his or at least was going to be... that included Goliath. 

The boy said nothing and retrieved a lovely leather saddle. It had silver inlay and even bits of opal, to make an incredible design on the surface. The boy moved with practiced ease. Shortly after Goliath was ready. The young man had completed the task quickly and efficiently. He held out the reigns to Mr. Hawks. "I hope you have a nice ride, Sir." Eric accepted but said nothing. The boy walked back into the barn and returned to his chores. 

That was okay with Eric. He was in a funny mood. He wanted to be mad for no reason, but he let it go. Instead, he took the reigns and walked outside. Goliath peacefully followed. 

Eric led the mount to a big stump that had been an oak tree at one time. Now it was just a memory of something... lost. He pulled Goliath up beside the make-shift bench and then stopped. The beast complied. He took his two bags which he had now tied together and threw them over the horse's rump. Goliath did not respond. Then Eric held the reigns tight, while he turned and climbed the wood base. Once up, he grabbed the saddle horn in his left hand and put his left foot into the stirrup. The horse was very quiet. Then Eric put effort into his motion and slung his right leg over Goliath's back. With a bit of a jump and partial lunge... the small... somewhat heavy man gained the saddle. 

An eerie calm followed. The air dared not stir. Then the real show began. It was not a long production, but if tickets could be sold to every person on the grounds, a fortune would be made. That is if they had the money to pay. The young boy had turned from his duties after helping saddle the horse. As soon as Eric was out the door, the boy stopped his work. He ran and told the blacksmith, and he told others. Next thing, from every peephole and hiding place available, eyes now watched. They all waited, as they knew. This was going to be a grand show.   

Goliath was excellent in every way a horse can be. The animal had speed, strength, agility, and above all else, he was very, smart. The stench of evil was on the man. It filled the horse's nostrils like smoke in a fire. It made him angry... It made him want to stamp it out... No one liked a fire, at least the kind this man projected. It was a feeling of ugliness. 

Eric pulled both reigns uptight and thought to himself all was well. He was tall in the saddle. It had been that way for at least one... even two heartbeats. But that was the limit of that... Goliath launched flew from the ground as if catapulted. He leaped for all he was worth. In mid-flight, the beast turned back upon the rider and bit his leg as hard as he could.  Eric yelled out a deadly scream in sheer pain. "Stupid beast..." and other such words, mixed with profanity followed. The horse hit the ground and re-jumped, again. This time he went even higher, and the landing... harder than before. Every horse in the barn answered his whiney... They even cheered him on. 

At the top of the next full flight... Eric let go. The man then sailed right over the horse's head onto the hard ground. Eric was a wingless bird. His arms outstretched in front of him, trying to break his fall were useless. It was a sight to see, by all the onlookers. It would be talked about for some time to come, at least secretly... probably forever. Goliath was more than proud of himself. He was uncomfortable around Ajax, but this other man brought out the very worst in him.  The huge horse causally walked back to the barn.   

Inside the building... the young man had already put a saddle on another horse. He did it quickly as before. Then he walked the new mount out the front. There the boy was in full view of Eric Hawks. The rich man got up from the ground. His bags of food were at his feet. He picked them up. The other bag was also on the ground. It had come loose and was a few paces away. Eric walked over and picked it up. Then, he stood straight. Slowly Eric panned the surrounding area. He did not see anyone, but he was sure he was being laughed at even now. He would find out. He would deal with it later, but he would deal with it. 

Then Eric stared a moment back toward Goliath's retreating rear end. The man spoke a wordless profane threat in his direction. "Glue." the final thought ringing in Eric's mind. Again, he would deal with that, when he got back. 

The young boy walked out. He had another horse prepared. Eric moved to stand in front. He said nothing as the boy offered the reigns but accepted them in an un-gentle way. Then he led Milk to the stump. That was the horse's name. Eric had ridden the animal before. Then he climbed up and repeated the process as he had before with Goliath. He tied the two bags together and put them across the horse's back. All went well. The only difference was that Milk just stood quiet. He offered no verbal complaint, and no physical protest. 

Eric kicked the horse's flanks and headed out. First stop on his list was Rosara, Ajax's own home. He might be able to catch Pollen there. Maybe it was even better if he missed him by just a little? That thought had advantages. Eric liked to consider all the facets of a situation. There were two parts. He needed to catch up to Pollen and go with him. That way he would have help, no need in doing too much work without assistance. He could "deal" with Ajax himself at any time along that path, before they returned. However, the second part was his brother's wife. The flashes in his head moved back, and forth between the now or later a lot. It gave him a good feeling. The now... seemed to beckon to him, in earnest. His deepest desires were closer to the top of his virtual life's bucket, than the morals he hated, which were pressed down, or discarded completely.  

Ultimately what had belonged to Ajax's was now his. It was the way of the family. Yes, his brother was not dead yet, but that would happen soon enough. Eric looked forward either way to discussing things alone with Ajax's little dove, intimate things. Then he could seal the matter of his ascension to Head of House with placing her in hole in the garden himself.  Pleasure and advancement all in the same action fed his inner demons. The smile on his face was outright evil, and a bit of dribble came out at the edges.

Eric kicked his mount. He was not the best rider, well that was obvious. He would not admit it, however, as he would never believe any part of his life needed work. Milk was not young, but he was a good steady beast. He had always been Eric's... The animal expected the abuse he received. The poor thing knew of nothing else. It was not so unlike all those who received the same; human and animal while in the service of the Hawks' family. 

It took very little time to get to Ajax's home. The mansion was a miniature of the original Hawks' house. It like all the rest belonged to Eric. The man felt elated. He was doing it. He was taking action finally. Eric was going to be moved up all the way to the top. 

The house was quiet. It was late in the afternoon. Eric dismounted at the front step and walked to the double doors. There was no reason he would not be accepted inside. In fact, Eric expected a nice  welcome and he was not in the mood to be let down. A pretty young woman answered the door. 

"Sir, Mr. Hawks. May I help you?"

"I want to see Mrs. Hawks. Eric replied evenly. Mrs. Hawks? He was not married of course. Saying Mrs. Hawks had been kind of fun. The man never wanted to be married before, but as Head of House, it would be necessary. A suitable arrangement would have to be made. A bride of caliber would have to be found. It was going to be fun, as the big families would soon consider him as their new top option on a very shortlist. The "old ones" kept a tight reign on things and the gene pool was not too large on purpose. Those that felt the higher calling of seeking and fanning the "traits" were here and there. But the real money and lots of it bought the rest. He had watched his father. All their big talk came down to "who is better than whom"? Well, that was easy. He was better than all the rest. That made him smile. 

"Are you looking for your brother Sir? He left a few days ago. The Mrs. does not know where he went." The woman looked rather concerned. She measured Eric with her eyes and did not like the outcome of the study.  Eric Hawks was a rare sight at any time. The maid knew who he was but his being here was all out of place. The woman continued, "Mr. Pollen was just here a short while ago Sir. He has gone now to look for the master of the house. If you hurry you can catch him at the train station." 

Mina was a sweet thing. She was just standing there like a lamb in the field. She had worked for Ajax and his wife since she turned 15. It was a big deal to be employed by the Hawks'. Yet, there were issues at times. Ella had heard rumors about the man in front of her now. She did not like to listen to them or place much value on their existence but the tiny hairs on her neck told her a different story. This interaction, this moment it was important.  

"Where is the Mrs.?" Eric asked with a bit of shake in his voice. He felt more than slightly thrilled that Pollen was already gone. It answered a lot for him as to when he might discuss things with Mrs. Hawks, now or later. Opportunity had presented itself, all dressed up in finery. 

"Upstairs, Sir. She is not receiving at this time."  Mina's innocent retort was a soft bleating sound. 

"Well, I have a few moments before I have to go." He pushed the door firmly further open. The flower before him was nearly as pretty as Fawn, but she had red hair instead of brown. 

It did not take long. Not because Eric did not want to stay. No. He had to catch up now for lost time. He soon walked back out the front door. Behind him, the young woman was dead... laying near the entrance to the stair. Upstairs... Mrs. Hawks had faired no better. Eric was not afraid. His father would send the clean-up crew. He was glad to do the dirty work firsthand. He liked to impress his father. The new term, not so much a closeness, as a man should be to his son. No. It was more like two enemies knowing, and acknowledging they have mutual goals.  

Milk was standing exactly where Eric had left the horse. He gathered the reins and led the animal to a nearby stone bench. Then he climbed up, grabbed the horn as before, and mounted. Milk stood still and waited. Then with very little coaching, Milk moved on down the lane, out and onto the main path. The next stop was the train station, and his destiny.

12) As the Eagle Flies, the Brown Bear Tracks

Brown Bear mounted his horse. He cleared his throat. He wanted to speak words of wisdom. It was his goal to mimic his great father in every way that he could. However in this moment, nothing at all came to mind. So, he simply stated, "We will find her." To the general crowd. "We are one family!" 

The big man knew he could have lost his small daughter. He had other sons and daughters, but she was his last. The Chief took one long look at his men. He trusted each one with his life a thousand times over. They were brave... braves! 

They were good at tracking.  
They would be successful if the water mother would only give her back. 

Brown Bear's band was fourteen-strong. They were a mix of old and young. Those that could be set to such a task and keep at it until complete. Tall Feather was the last to join the group. His heart was heaviest and it made him slow with the weight of the task. The dreams he had all night, are now made real. The medicine man had run and chased shadows... that he thought did not truly exist. Yet it was only a precursor to the truth. It had been a premonition. It had been a walking dream.

Brown Bear acknowledged his friend's entrance to the group. He nodded his head and that was enough. They did not have to speak directly. The mission was clear. The Chief took the lead and kicked his horse's sides. The big mount jumped forward and headed out immediately. All the rest followed. They were quiet. There were no spoken words among them. They were on the hunt. 

It did not take long to reach the river's edge. A young brave named Wolf jumped to the ground and examined the area. He could see the great prints left there by the mama bear in the side of the bank. They were prominent. He walked on for a few moments all around, knowing time was ever important. Then he found the exact spot Aponi had entered the water. He eyed the liquid rolling by dubiously. All of this was not likely to be a good ending, considering the speed of the current. Could Aponi even swim? It was not considered at this time. Instead, he simply walked back to the group and stood beside Brown Bear's horse. There he spoke his findings. 

"She has been carried away... Swiftly." He moved his hands as he spoke. He used both the "storm-sign" and "the motion of water passing". "She either drowned quickly and is gone," his voice was near a whisper, "or she would have tried to get to the side. It is also possible that she could be across the water before the end. The current could have easily taken her that way." The last part much stronger in tone. Perhaps wishful thinking, had taken over? It did not matter. They were set to the task at hand. 

"We will find a place to cross. I will take half. Tall Feather..." Brown Bear called back to his friend. "You and Wolf take this side of the river. I will take the other. I will ride further north to where the river widens and is passable. It is far more shallow there. Then I to will cross and go south also." Having a plan felt good. It gave confidence to every word. The mood was lifted considerably even in the direct view of fate's dealings. 

Tall Feather moved his horse up next to where Brown Bear's was at. The two horses were nearly nose to nose. The two men close as well. Aponi's father looked into the Chief's eyes and the two friends understood each other. To Tall Feather, this whole incident was like losing his family all over again. Brown Bear knew about that first hand. The old hurt was too recent for him as well. Both Indians had seen great loss, and neither wished to repeat it. The Chief was going to do his best to make sure, that did not happen. He was also well aware that his own child may not have been alive now, if not for the second young girl. This was personal on a far deeper level.  

"We will find her." The Chief spoke low and direct. His voice carried. It was full of confidence. The man was unshakeable. 

The bad feeling that Tall Feather had last night in the darkness of his own dreams, still held him in its mighty grip. His chest was somewhat tight and it was hard to breathe. Yet the man  did not complain. The father of Aponi did not want to show weakness either same as his friend. So he left his physical and mental state to be guessed at. His outer countenance impossible to read even if any one dared to try. 

Visions were tricky and Tall Feather's own emotions were running rampant in his head. It was hard to be clear about anything. He was thankful Brown Bear was a man of immediate action with more than a few past heroic deeds under his belt. That was exactly what was needed in this time of emergency.  

"There is a widening of the water north of this place. We will go that direction to cross." The Chief used the sign for "river" as he spoke, "Then we will be going south again with the waters flow." Pointing in the down stream direction to add to his message. "We will go all the way to the big falls. It is far... and if she is alive she will be between here... and there!" The last words were even stronger in tone than the rest. It was a statement all on its own. It was not just to all the men present, but to the grass, the trees, the birds, and the clouds. It was a declaration, even perhaps a defiant call out... against death.    

Brown Bear did not wait further for an answer or reaction. Wolf had heard him clearly as to the plan. The brave had been standing near by. He went back to his horse and remounted. All the men were now ready to move forward. 

At the same time the Chief was speaking he turned and picked out additional men. They would be with him in his group. The rest would all be with Tall Feather.   

The group wasted no more time. They quickly divided as they were directed and set right off. The river next to them, mocked them as it swirled, splashed, and gurgled nearby. The murky color ominous, the dark brown even black areas were full of mud and bracken. A grown man would have a hard time swimming in the swollen current. 

The Chief turned his horse and kicked its sides. There were still hours left of daylight. That was good. He wanted to make the very best use of it as he urged his mount on. It did not take long to reach the meadows. They were north of the small valley where the tribe stayed. The river ran high along the shore here, but it was not as deep. It was fast and flowing and could still knock a man down, that was... not careful. But that was not going to happen. Brown Bear studied the shore closely and remembered the summer of last... It gave him all the information he needed. He knew exactly where to go to traverse the flow. The dangerous water would still be bad but it was possible to pass. 

The man took his horse to the edge and never looked back to see if anyone followed. He just jumped right in. The ice-cold water... grabbed the animal and rider. Every step forward toward the far shore was an effort. Pieces of branches and debris loosened by the storms upstream... rushed by. Still Brown Bear moved without slowing as he could. The mucky bottom clutched at the horse's hooves, but the beast did not waiver. Brown Bear was in command and the animal took assurance from his rider. Together as one; the shore moved their way, and the water became less and less powerful. Here it was just too shallow to do the same damage as was possible before. The Chief finally looked back. All of his braves followed. None among them walked with two faces or would ever coward away from a fight. They faced every foe valiantly. The water was just another enemy to come against. It did not matter. They were excellent riders.   

Once Brown Bear attained solid ground he turned his pony and headed south. He had miles to make up between the point he was at now, and that of where Aponi fell into the river. His men followed swiftly. No one spoke.  

After a short space, they were equal to the point of Aponi's entry. The group slowed a bit. She would not have crossed this close to where she entered. The girl would have been taken downstream. If she were able to get back to the shore, the home shore, then Tall Feather would find her first. If not, then likely she would be a greater distance downstream. Brown Bear worked out the possibilities in his head. This was his country from end to end and he knew it all. There were inlets up ahead. Each might need to be searched separately. They were not deep, but a young girl could easily be overlooked. There was no doubt. If they were not successful before dark Aponi was likely a lost cause. 

Brown Bear pushed his mount on, urging him faster as he could. He kept the water in sight at all times. Trees and scrub bushes caused issues and presented obstacles. There, in those areas..., he slowed down and investigated. The others soon split like splinters from the same log. They spread out to make better time and to make sure they did not miss... anything. Where there was a clear path they rode on. Where there was not... they walked, again and again. 

The day slipped away!

An older brave; Badger finally called out. He had found a log with a small piece of material hanging. It was not much more than a few threads, but it was enough.  It was nearly overlooked and only found by chance. It had to be Aponi's, as who else would be have been here? There were no other signs of the People. The piece of wood with the clue hanging on an uplifted stick of a branch... just barely there told a story they needed to hear. It had jammed against another, one log at a time creating a small dam. All the rest had gone on and around. It would soon be too overburdened and the river would take it all away too. The sign, the small trace would have been gone, very shortly. Badger dropped the reins of his horse and dismounted. He waded right out into the cold. There he got close enough to reach out and grab the token. He held it firmly. Then he came back to the side bank. 

The Chief hearing his man call out, moved his horse closer. He now stood waiting near, a few feet from the shore.   

Badger moved to where the big man was now located. The Chief's hand was held out, to accept the prize. and the brave complied. Then he turned and went back to his own pony where he re- mounted. 

The small threads spoke loudly for an inanimate object. Aponi was likely still alive at least to this point. That is what Brown Bear wanted to believe, so he chose to believe it. He glanced up at the others. Then he spoke with authority. "We will continue, we must!" Then the Chief kicked his horse slightly and continued the task at hand. All the other braves did the same. 

Too soon the day had passed by... The darkness was coming. The leader was a powerful man but he could not hold back the inevitable. So he gathered his men and they made a small camp. They were not willing to give up. They would just wait until dawn to continue. To go back now was to admit defeat. That would be hard to face by itself but the eyes of his friend Tall Feather would be piercing for the Chief. He would not return until he could face them, and clearly say... he had done all that could be accomplished. So the seven heroic men gathered and made ready for the dark. 

Up ahead, not too far at all, there was another meadow. In the light of day, it was a very friendly place, full of herbs and flowers. It was a place to gather things... needed. Yet it was also a place for things to gather. The moon was entirely missing this night. There were no clouds either. The stars in the heavens sparkled brightly. They were pinpoints of hope. But everywhere else, the black seemed to consume the landscape and all that was within it. 

Aponi opened her eyes and the world spun just a bit. Her head ached and she wondered if that would ever stop. The day was long gone, and the night was cold. She was shaking but did not even realize it. She was in shock... 

The whispers of sounds not common, came to her from all sides. Slowly she tried to pull apart the different possibilities. Her father, her real father Max Houston had told her most things were just bigger in the dark than they were truly in the light. The best way to tear them down to size was to work them out, one at a time, until all the fears... were accounted for, and puzzled out. The end product was the truth. The difference between life and death. The things that would really hurt you and those that would or could... make you hurt yourself. Either by intention or accident. 

Aponi tried to focus. There was the water, rushing by. It made a slapping sound against the shore. She was still close, to where she left its clutches. Aponi was thankful she had made it out at all. Days earlier, Tall Feather had explained the river and the seasons. He told her it was treacherous and to beware... The girl felt a pang of sadness. He would be mad of course. But she had no choice but to do all that she had done, or Dove would have been attacked. She had to get the bear's attention and keep it to let Dove escape. Falling in had not been part of the plan; it had not been any part of the plan. She had only considered the situation up to the point of getting the beast's attention refocused, not as to what to do after that. The accident had saved her life, but she wondered if it had only prolonged her death? 

There were small sounds of little creatures... Aponi pictured each one in her head, as she dismissed its selected noise from the list. She closed her eyes. She was so tired and felt numb. The shaking had not ceased in her limbs, but she could not feel... at all. 

A wet, sticky, tongue moved across her cheek. Sounds followed. It was a low rumble. There was no threat in the meaning, however. Instead, it was somehow pleasant and welcoming. But Aponi no longer had the energy to bother, questioning anything. She just passed into the quiet of darkness. 

The old man grumbled a little about the lack of light, but there was no reason to light a torch. He was familiar with the path, and all the surrounding areas. He could get where he was going with or without seeing... or just about. The fact that Pepper had wandered off once again was downright irritating. Maybe he should just get a different partner after all? That was not going to happen, but it made him less agitated to consider the option. 

"There you are Pepper, old... boy." The bent figure moved with purpose into the wide clearing. "Why did you wander off buddy? We have work to do early tomorrow and need our rest." He continued forward slowly so as not to trip over any unseen rocks or hazards in the wild grass. "Were you thirsty?" He continued to speak low, and directly to the animal. The swollen river was just a few paces beyond where Pepper seemed to be waiting for him. 

The man continued forward. Then he finally noticed Aponi on the ground. She was located right at Pepper's hooves. "Hey, boy? Looks like you found a nugget before we even got started. "Gold panning early eh?" The man smiled. "You are really lucky after all!" Chilly was also not surprised. His partner in business, as well as in life in general was more than fortunate, he was blessed. The mule had been bitten twice by rattlers and neither one had made him sick. The mule had just been in the right place at the right time to take the blow, instead of Chilly himself. So you could say that the old miner was lucky by association. After each bite, time had been allowed for Chilly to get out of the way and  save himself. Yet, the mule was fine. He acted like it was nothing at all. 

They were not the only crazy, somewhat miraculous events that had tested the mule's worth. Chilly had been more than shocked and elated at not losing Pepper. There had been certain episodes the beast had "good" sense about in general. The emotions of an animal are unpredictable without reason, but always led to eerie results. Their time together had left the old man slow to judge.  Whatever was happening here, was surely important. Pepper had a stubborn side, but he also had a good... intentioned nature. It made up for the other moments when he was awful and ornery. Pepper was not easy, he was hard to live with. The old man thought he would be bored however, without him. 

The uniqueness of the mule's odd behavior at times made up for his less than perfect training, and manners. Pepper was very spirited for a mule and that was saying a lot. Most mules were not normally easy going without some work, and good-handling, but Pepper, he was his own master. That was by far their strongest point of contention. Who was leading whom? 

The man continued forward to where his mule was standing, as if on guard. "Let's get a look at what you have there." Chilly then bent down beside Aponi. He first made sure she was alive and breathing. He bent his ear to her face, close, and felt her soft breath on his cheek.

"Well, that is one fine thing." He spoke out loud. There was no one around except Pepper, so obviously he was talking to the mule. "Okay... now what?" He pondered. 

The mule made a noise, a whiney and a long sigh put together as one. 

"Don't give me that and don't look at me that way." It was very dark, so in reality, seeing anything on the mule's face was near impossible. That, besides the point that mules obviously did not talk. Well, at least not directly. Yet...  "Okay. We can take her back... Don't blame me for any of this. It is all your fault." He moved to a position to pick her up correctly. The man placed his arms carefully under her body and lifted. He was not surprised; she weighed nearly nothing. She was just a girl, and fairly young he could tell. Not much more than a ten or twelve maybe. He did not want to take her too far as inside he knew someone was probably looking for her. That would bring uninvited guests. But to leave her here was to likely leave her to die. That would weigh on him. He did not like the measure of that. 

"Okay. We will take her back. But this is on you. Not me. I was happily minding my own business." The old man rambled a bit. He did that most when he was pondering over things. It was in his nature to look at every angle several times, trying to find the best answer. 

The mule followed. They were not far from their home base. Or at least where they lived for now. It was a tiny cabin, really in all honesty it was just barely a shack. It had been thrown together with available materials. It was not made to stand forever, only for now... and perhaps until the end of spring. Then they would travel a bit more, and turn in their findings. South. They would go that way toward the fort. The old man had even entertained heading west. He thought about joining a wagon train. There was real gold in California or so he had heard. Yet, that seemed a long way for a man and a mule at this point. He had panned a living out of the land here and there for years. It had always been enough. Maybe it always would be. That was okay. The older he got the more he found himself bending to the will of the day, and whatever came his or their way. 

The miner walked right up to the door and pulled it open while still carrying the girl. He moved inside and lay her down on his bed. It was not much more than a bit of material over the dirt, but it was better than outside. The night was getting colder. Yes, it was early spring but up this way... that still meant hard nights. In a month or so the river would go down and he could work a bit harder to make his mark. So far he had a nice sack of nuggets buried on the north side of his home. But he needed a least two or even three of those, to live the life of a gentle-"fellow". And there was Pepper to consider. He would need a nice house with a big barn. It had to be a place, that Pepper would want to be in. That seemed more important than ever of late. 

Well, it was just wrong to go back to bed, first because he had given it up, and second because the predawn was already at hand. It was too early to start work. At least when it came to panning. So he gathered a bit of wood and put it in the small make-shift stove in the corner. There he lit the fire and stoked it up. The small space became quite warm quickly. Then he went back outside. There Chilly found Pepper standing in the middle of their camp. He was just exactly where he belonged as if the whole trip to the far meadow had been a dream. 

The sky above them both was growing lighter. It was gray at first. Soon there would come the predawn pinks and blues. The day was going to be beautiful. Chilly gathered up more sticks. He wanted to keep things warm and bright in the cabin. That was going to take a bit of doing. He walked back to his home and stacked his armload of fuel by the front door. He did this twice more. After that, he picked up a couple of water canteens that had been slung on straps and left on a hanger. He put them over his shoulder and turned toward the river. The light was growing all around, so seeing the path was easy.  

The mule watched the man go, but made no attempt to follow. He had found a bit of fresh grass and was instead having a private breakfast. 

Not too far away, the Indian chief had dismounted. Brown Bear had then led his horse into a large meadow. Unknowingly, the man was now standing in the exact place where Aponi had been. He was looking around and gathering clues. Two other men were still close by. The rest were out of sight... They were all still searching. 

The two braves came over to where Brown Bear was at. The Chief spoke low, "Aponi was here." and he pointed to the impression barely still left in the weeds. "She could not have walked off alone."

The man to the Chief's right shook his head in agreement. The second man continued to stare at the ground. "There has been a horse here as well." He added. The brave was reading the signs like reading letters in a book. The animal's prints were clear. "Also... another man." He ended. 

Brown Bear was uplifted by their findings. Who had Aponi? That could be concerning. Yet at least she was not drown. Together with his two men they were sure the girl had been here. She was at least on land. 

Chilly then went to fetch the water. The path was worn down here a bit, as he used it often. He oddly felt like humming but did not. His heart was light having saved the girl. Pepper and he made pretty good heroes in his own mind. Petting himself on the back felt good. Well in truth Pepper should get most of the credit, but after all he was just a mule. So.  

The pioneer man cleared the bushes and the meadow was wide open. In a heartbeat he was glad he had not sang. It would have given his position away first. As it was the whole group seemed mutually surprised. Chilly and three large Indians were all caught in the same moment offguard. 

Chilly, really spelled Chile by his mom...; Chile Mason. He was a miner-mountaineer. He was an explorer, and an adventurer... a traveler and a buccaneer extraordinaire. He had been nearly everywhere at one point or another. The man had tried his hand on a ship, and even in the air. In the sky, you might wonder? Yes. He had been part of a balloon crew back in France years ago. But that was in his youth. Now, here in America he was still himself, a little of everything and an expert at very little. He was also a mapmaker, a fairly good card player and a heck of a chessman. Chile Mason was a lot of things, but the most important; he was a friend to everyone. That is unless they did not want to be friends. 

This last place, was not the best, but not the worst in his history. Chilly had been on the high plains for weeks. He had worked his way from the base of the mountains down to the desert and back on a circular route. This was not the first time he had been faced with savages. Well, that is what the rowdy people from town would call them. Chilly knew better. They were just people like any other. He moved slow, as everyone got a bit antsy easily if they were scared or nervous. Best to put on his brightest, semi toothless smile on display and go with things. He was not likely to run away from this and live. Facing your friends or your enemies were the same coin, just the "approach of the throw" was different. That bit the advice from an uncle that liked to gamble. 

Chilly walked forward causally. He stopped about ten feet away from the Chief. He held out his hands, open palms up. "Chilly." He stated his name. Not that he expected the Chief to understand him but it seemed important to introduce himself right out. He was a stickler for manners, it was just a thing he always adhered to even out here in the middle of truly nowhere. 

Brown Bear looked the man up and down in the growing light of morning. More than likely the answer to everything he needed was right in front of him. The Chief faced the man squarely, sized him up, and spoke. "Aponi." It was her name. It meant butterfly. The thought of a small insect taking on a bear was inspiring, even to a man of his stature. He had not cared one way or the other when she first was brought to camp. But it had been important to his friend. Now, the Chief found it was also important to him.

"I know what you want. I am sure of it." Chilly said and smiled. He motioned with his right hand... held in the area, at what he imagined was the right height. He moved it to try and indicate what he thought was close to his little friend; if she were standing. The Chief's eyes lit right up as the miner expected they would. "I can take you to her." He backed away slowly and turned. He did not look behind him again. Some things he felt needed to be taken on sheer faith. The braves had a choice of course. They could just kill him. But he did not see any reason at all why they would. Yet, life had dealt him some shockers.    

Nothing happened. Chilly felt pretty confident as he walked on toward his home camp. Behind him, the Chief led his horse and stayed on foot. The other two mounted and followed right behind their leader. 

Pepper made a loud "Hee-haw" sound and honked a few more times at the top of his lungs. It was quite a call. The intruder had walked right in without so much as a howdy. It was Jack Spits... Chilly's old partner. That is before Chilly got wizened up a bit. They parted, but not as the best of friends. Jack's presence here and now was not a good sign. The slick fellow always had an angle. He liked to watch Chilly do most of the work but was never shy about the payoff. The man was also not alone. On either side, he had picked up two shady extra shadows. Not the kind to keep the sun off your back. No. They were more the stabbing in-the-back kind of characters. 

Pepper had taken an immediate dislike to the new strangers regardless of who they thought they were, to Chilly. The mule was doing his best to sound the alarm. On hearing it... Chilly came running. The Indian Chief was right on his heels. 

"Hey Chill, come on out. I need you. I uh... need a loan." Jack glanced back over his shoulder for a moment, then continued, "I owe these guys some money. I had a real bad run at the camp... south of here. You know I am good for it." He half yelled, and half talked loudly, but it all sounded too sickly sweet. Jack was wearing a gun on his hip. He never used to do that. Well, that was the last thought that Chilly remembered before the man went down. He was full of arrows. A porcupine had fewer quills. The second man on the right was quick to join him on the hard dirt. He was hit while still in the saddle and fell with a thud. The last... one in the group was still mounted too. He took the barest moment to act between the first and second deaths. The Stanger turned and his horse leaped forward. It sped off at full speed. The two mounted Indians followed. The hunt was on.  

Chilly figured he was going to be next now. How was the man behind him going to tell the difference between him and those that were not invited to his fire? 

Brown Bear eyed the mule. It had calmed down dramatically. He also eyed the man in front of him. The retreating warriors would be back soon enough. Whatever was wrong here, had been set right. 

Chilly looked back at Brown Bear, and the man nodded. A wave of relief passed over the miner. It had been a very long night, and an even longer morning at this point. He moved forward to the small structure. He opened the door and there, the girl lay safe. She was sitting right up in the bed. 

Brown Bear pushed the man aside and entered the small, house. He picked up Aponi as if she were nothing more than a feather. He lifted her high and then brought her close. He hugged her. Pulled her back away from himself, and held her there. "You... Bear fighter! You need to come home." 

Aponi smiled. Acceptance is a miraculous thing. Her bright green eyes danced, and she was going to be okay. 

They all went outside. Aponi was weak. The Chief picked her up and placed her on his horse. Then he turned to Chilly and Pepper. He made the People sign for friendship. He also made the sign-of-the-brother. Chilly tried to sign it back. It seemed like the right thing to do. A few minutes later... the two Indians returned. The one nodded to the Chief. The man had been dealt with the issue. They were ready to return to the village. 

The mule made along whiney sound, followed by a deep-throated hee-haw. It was not unpleasant. It was friendly. It was goodbye.

The ride home was better by far than how she got here for sure. It did not even seem to take long. However, when they came to cross the river, she could not help but feel apprehensive. In no time at all, she conquered her reservations. Home, Aponi's home... was on the other side and so was Tall Feather. 

Soon they were there. It was a time of celebration. Dove was alive because of Aponi. Aponi had been found by the Chief and the braves. The circle was complete and life was as it should be. At least that was true for the moment. 

Even Tyra was glad to see Aponi's return. She hated to fetch the water. 

13) Watching the Detectives

Lila Hawks stared out the window from her bedroom. She had a good vantage point to see both the coach and riders. The "law" had come out to "talk" with Heron. Seems that his daughter-in-law had been murdered. Her husband spoke directly with the two men that were sent for over an hour. That was very long. Far more time than the last time there was an "incident", or rather "accident". 

Lila had not been invited. Not that she needed to be but it would have been better to save face. As it appeared, Heron without her... his creditability was not as clear as it should be. There were blemishes sometimes, not often from the past that resurfaced and had to be dealt with. A missing servant, a missing man or woman of no consequence really... So, it never mattered. They, the local law never found anything that was worth their time. The sheriff and the rest were easily persuaded to dismiss false claims as nonsense and gossip and leave it at that. No one really..., cared about the hidden population even when they were right in front of you. Lila did not like that about the family in some ways while she enjoyed it in others. The mixed view was troubling, but she held to tradition. 

The official men finally left the house. They were not unhappy. Lila's best guess; was they were not going to pursue anything further. At least from the way they sauntered out, conclusions could be drawn. The matter... was closed, by reading their body language alone. Maybe not because they wanted it to be, but because they did not have enough evidence to do anything else. 

Lila walked down to the main floor. zThe regal woman felt secure, so she did not move too quickly. She moved down the stair with her fine gown spread out behind her in a long train. It made soft swishing sounds the whole way. Lila could have stayed in her room. News would find her. But this was too important. She must know every detail of the situation, without delay.  

Lacey the head housekeeper, newly promoted after Pollen's departure... walked in from the back room behind the stair. She entered the main hall and noticed Lila immediately. "Ma'am... Is there something I can do, something I could bring you?" she stammered out. Lila found she missed Pollen more than ever.  Heron had sent the house's "man" to retrieve their son. He would succeed, maybe. Lila pondered on that.  

Lila was responsible for Ajax's leaving. Heron did not know that. A smile touched her lips and she quickly stamped it out. That was the truth, well not entirely. More like Lila already knew Ajax feared for his wife and she simply gave him Davian's possible wear about. From there everything else was a choice. The Head of House to be... had come to his own tipping point. 

Ajax's first wife had died badly. It did not take any thought at all by an average individual to connect the dots. That next one may likely meet the same fate. The longer time went by and Heron did not get what he wanted the likelihood increased. 

The matriarch of the Andrews'-Hawks' family had her own plans as to both sending for and retrieving her son. She also had ideas as to how to advance her position in the structure of the "House of Hawks" too. It was more complicated than that. Heron was only half aware of any of the underlying details. Lila had found out that Ajax planned to go long before it happened. It even seemed inevitable in her mind, as she knew her son, but refused to deviate from the family values herself. The problem, Lila just did not know the depth of Ajax's departure. Once she had been made aware, she took action to bend the direction in which he would flee. All of this... now was the fruition of her own plan. It made her smile again, but she quickly hid the facial expression. The matriarch of the Hawks' took on a more serious visage immediately. 

"No. Thank you." She replied evenly. Then she changed her mind. "On second thought. Go and fetch breakfast. I will be taking it on the patio in the garden. Make sure there is enough for two people, not one. You understand?" The low even command was given without the option of question. 

"Yes, Mrs. Hawks. I will handle that right away." She attempted a curtsey that was half hazard at best. Then she bowed a little, turned, and left the way she had come. The direction she was heading... back to the kitchens. The smell of bread and baked goods was heavy on the morning air. 

Lila turned her attention back to the main hall. The doors to the library just across the small space at the foot of the stair to where she wanted to be; were wide open. Her husband was still in there, a relic among the relics. Lila thought him old the day they wed. Not because of his actual years, but because of his attitudes. He believed he knew it all and others were less even among his peers. It reflected poorly on his reputation in ways the man could not conceive. They were also detrimental to the Hawks' name; that is what concerned Lila Hawks.

The beautiful woman casually entered to find him. She was not let down. Standing near the big desk in the corner. Heron was holding some papers, reading. 

"Heron." Lila's voice was sickly-sweet. 

The big man looked up, from across the room. She walked further in to stand behind one of the two oversized chairs. It was not that she needed protection from him, but it was best to be prepared for just about anything. This man was close to his limit; she could see that, even if he did not. 

"What do you want from me?" Heron turned his attention full his wife. 

"I thought I would help you feel a bit better about your decisions, as Head of House. Let me give you just a bit more information." Lila bantered. "I know why they were here. I know." Even if she did not that always unsettled the man. Yet was true to a certain extent this time. News had come by other means, which she had held close to the heart until this moment. Lila glared at the man, "I have it on good authority that the sad, future, young Mrs. Hawks, mother of the next generation, was in fact with child." Here Lila slowed. Then stopped a moment. She enjoyed the mixed expression of emotions crossing Heron's face. The men had grilled him about his son's wife, but nothing was said about a child. Then Lila continued. "It does not matter if you did the deed with your own hands or not, but you killed the family heir. Or you had the mother killed,... out of hand? Either way, it is the same. There will be an accounting." Lila did not dare smile now. The vein on the side of Heron's head was popping in and out. It was a sure sign of distress... to an extreme point. 

"You lie." was the only words he could come up with. If he killed the heir to the House of  Hawks' it was unforgivable. He would also have to kill his firstborn son. As if his son returned and found out... he would be in danger himself. The saving grace of the problem, he sent his second son. Perhaps he should not have done that, full knowing the man was ambitious. That had led to Elizabeth Hawks' death. Pollen would not have killed the woman, without direct command. So it was Eric... He would have to embrace his second son with pure welcome upon his return and declare him Head. That had been what he had expressed to Eric... if not directly, indirectly so. He tried to remember their conversation more closely. Lila was right. It did not matter what Heron had said to Eric, it only mattered the woman, the pregnant woman was dead.

"I wanted you to know the facts. I will be in the garden if you want to talk. You have choices to make and they are difficult ones." Lila did not wait longer, she turned and evenly walked without hurry... through the doors. She had her own thoughts to work out in the matter. Being free of Mr. Hawks was very close to the top of the list. Heron had made a terrible mistake and he would pay. If not by her, there were others that did not like him either. He had significantly added to that list. 

The big man watched her leave. "Stupid woman." He whispered as she disappeared into the next room.  He would stand by his decisions even if he could not quite remember them. He was having more blackouts. There were a few more than before. No matter! Eric would be Head of House. If he had not meant to do that, he must have desired it. Heron was not unhappy with the outcome; he would just have to weather the storm... Questions and inquires were an inconvenience and sometimes even a "pain" but they were not deadly.

All the time the two were talking; Lila and Heron, the men in the coach were speaking also. They were bought off, but they were not altogether happy. Money; would only go so far with some men, while others were still plagued by their conscience. Those were the ones that let loose threads go, and mistakes happen. Why? Because their souls would not rest with the truth hidden in the darkness of shadow. The fact that one was a family man, and his wife was pregnant held importance too. When the facts of Mrs. Hawks came out, and they would... at least to the police and those in charge, then more questions, would develop. It was inevitable. 

Heron knew all of this now, with the new layer of information his wife provided. His plan changed as the clock on the wall ticked on. He figured they, the law... would be back when facts were made clear. Heron would have to find a way to blame Pollen. That would be okay. As long as there was a scapegoat, then his son Eric would be fine. The line of the Hawks' would be safe and unmarred. They would be pitied perhaps for their loss, and some would be sad for their family. The right people anyway. The rest never mattered. He just had to make sure there was no connection other than service. Maybe Pollen was trying to steal something from their house? He could even make up a story that Pollen was unhappy and had done a bad job recently and been let go. The man might have taken vengeance out on the weak. All of that was very doable. Alexander felt he could make that stick if necessary. Getting a new servant from overseas might be a bit difficult but it was worth the sacrifice. 

Mr. Hawks walked to the cord, hanging near the wall. He pulled it once hard. Not more than a moment or so later a young girl appeared at the doorway to the room.

"May I help you, Sir?" She spoke. 

"Bring breakfast... here. I will be eating inside today."

The young woman turned and complied. She headed toward the kitchen at a brisk step. There she would prepare everything, on a tray. The cook was busy, and no one noticed her at all. There were a few others, non-descript people, that handled the day-to-day life of the huge mansion. They too did not notice her. 

The tray of food for Lila was also ready. She looked at both when it came time for them to be delivered. Then she decided. She left Mr. Hawks' there and picked up Lila's meal. She turned and delivered it to the garden. When she was done, she returned and did the same for Mr. Hawks. The point is that even she realized after the morning visitors, that Lila was moving up the power chain.  It was best to work at staying in her good graces. 

Mr. Hawks never realized he had been slighted by the servant.

14) Gamblers, Take their winnings and run!

Davian walked up the stair to the second floor. He owned it all. He had basically bought the place out. The deal with the owner was more than a fair arrangement. The girl he brought was still upstairs too. She would stay even after he was gone. She would continue to do so as it was part of his plan. He had a string of such places from here, all the way back to New York. There were over twenty. Each, had a lovely girl, waiting, just waiting. They all had green eyes, brown hair and could be a direct duplicate of Lila if noticed. 

May Flower, was her name this time. She had met him by accident and agreed right away to the arrangement. She was a street girl, and that was nowhere to be if you wanted a safe life. She was probably no more than eighteen or maybe twenty years old. The girl had revealed she was from Pennsylvania originally. He had checked out her past, after acquiring her to make sure she would not be missed by anyone. That was important. He did not like the interference of "family". That is how he found himself in this place. Lost and not discarded, above all not second to no one. So he was dealing with the facts the best way he knew how. His heart still longed for Lila, and he was stuck. So he captured moments in time and kept them. They were like collected butterflies or small birds, in cages. 

Davian Hawks never went back to any of the girls he left behind, but he made sure they were all well cared for. As long as they stayed to the agreement, they were furnished with food, clothes, and shelter. If not then they were turned back out into the streets. Their keepers? The hotel owners themselves... They had been paid well. They would continue to be paid as long as they did their jobs. So it was also in their best interest to keep the girls happy. If they left, the money stopped. 

Ajax was waiting downstairs. He was a combination of good news, and random chance mixed together to provide new hope. The family structure was failing. That had never happened, at least to this point. The Hawks' could trace their line clearly without fail for generations. All were outstanding men... and a few women that made the grade. This was a new game, and Davian was up to the challenge. His brother Heron would be crazy mad. He knew that; when that happened..., his elder brother made mistakes. That was also worth considering in the options now surfacing. Someone had pulled a brand new deck from the drawer and the betting limits had been removed. 

The second floor was quiet. Normally it would have been full, but for the fact that Davian had bought it all. Now it was just his home, for the moment. It was also his newest "Lila" home too. He went straight to his quarters. May was there, as she always was. He thought she was doing a great job generally. In her small mind, he knew the young woman had hopes they were going to get together. But that was not true. She was just a picture, a snapshot from a highly-paid, hard-to-find photographer; of an idea. The truth Davian wanted no imposter. Instead May Flower was a walking talking mimic of his heart's desire. She was nothing more. 

"Davian..." May's greeting was friendly. She had not been in her new position very long. He had only come to this city a couple of months ago. Some part of him was a little surprised it had already been that long? Time was hard to corral when a man has no real roots to keep it secured, or at least somewhat tamed. 

The pent-up prison-like circumstance of May's new life had not set in yet. It got to some girls quicker than others. But not this one. She was okay, or at least grateful still to be in a safe place. 

"I have to go." Davian went to the standing closet, opened the ornate door, and pulled out his bag. Then he went to the bed and tossed it onto the spread. 

"Will you be back?" May was not stupid. She already knew the answer, but could not help but voice the obvious. The real question... "Am I going to be okay?" was not given breath. 

Davian already knew what the root of her fear would be. "You can stay. You can stay as long as you like. Our agreement stands." He smiled. He did not do that often. He liked this one over the rest. Maybe he would come back later after all, and truly give her a chance. It was doubtful, his heart was still Lila's but it was a nice thought. It left him in a good mood. 

He packed the bag with a fine shirt, an extra change of pants... his favorite deck of cards, and a picture in a silver frame. It was a locket-style holder that had an opening on one side. He clicked it once and peaked at the hidden image momentarily. Then he closed it back up and put it in the bag as well. 

May Flower watched patiently. She found she wanted to cry, but would not let herself. Something told her that would have gone badly. So instead she bit her lower lip and stayed quiet. 

Davian turned and walked to the door. He was not going to say anything else, but suddenly he did. "You will be safe." It was a final statement of fact. He could not say the words she wanted. He could not say... "I love you". It was not in him, anywhere. Then he turned and left. She stared at the door for a while. He was a strange man. A good man, but an eccentric one to be sure. Why he had bothered with her she had no real idea, but for now... this was her place. She was in control for the first time in her whole life. She did not have to worry about food, clothes, or a roof over her head. It cost her nothing, at least so far. 

May Flower walked to the window and stared down at the street. She wanted to get a final glimpse of the man she had fallen in love with. He was aloof, he was distant and detached, but he was kind... and she knew he carried a great burden. May wished she could have helped him somehow. She figured she had failed, as he had left.  
 
Davian Hawks went out into the hallway. He had his bag firmly in his left hand. He liked to keep his right free. It was the side he carried his custom pearl-handled, derringer. It fit well in its cradle, just up his sleeve. The weapon was not good for much, other than close one-on-one protection. That did not matter... it had already served him well, for that exact reason. Davian was not looking for a repeat of any kind, but he had made enemies. Not just in the cities he had come and gone from... but this one, here and now. There were at least a dozen men left penniless by their attempt to win at his table. Now they were elsewhere, and he hoped they would keep it that way. In the past... a few had come back. So far, he had placed them in their graves. But there was always a player left to challenge him... not at the table, but in the street outside... or worse. A shot in the back was more than a high percentage of possibility. But that had not happened, and he was real good at not taking the wrong chances. 

Davian walked on down the hall to the stair. The noise from below was getting louder as the day was wearing on. Soon the saloon would be full again. He liked that sound. It made him feel comfortable. People talking together, without thought of tomorrow. It was so structured and chaotic in a balanced world of chance. 

He glanced back at the closed door of his hotel room. May had not followed. That was good. He kind of thought she might. She liked him he was sure. But she was not Lila. It would be like tasting the best cupcake in the bakery and finding it bitter, not sweet at all. So he turned back to face the downstairs. A sigh escaped his lungs. That part was over. It had been very messy in the past, with others. Davian took a step toward the downstairs. Then he realized he had not read the letter. Why? Because he secretly was afraid. If it did not say all that he wanted it to say, he would be more broken than before himself. Yet, there was no avoiding the inevitable. He sat his bag down and retrieved the letter. Without slowing, he took his thumb and broke the seal, then unfolded the paper. 

"Heroes are men of action."
Signed, Lila Antoinette Hawks

A world of meaning in one sentence was given. The message is clear as fog itself. A call for help? A call for loyalty? A beg, a plead, a demand? Was any part of the whole a call for love? 

Davian carefully folded the paper back up. He placed it in his breast pocket. His heart was beating fast as his thoughts quickened with her words. "Hero?" Davian spoke the single word out loud. He wondered what it would sound like if Lila herself had said it to him? She had written it on paper, but the sound? What would that be like?  He would have answered her no matter what it read. Then he pulled himself together from his reverie and proceeded forward. 

If Ajax was here...? By that, he meant here in town, and not back east. What conclusions could he draw about Lila? The implications of a family structural realignment were at hand. He had to be ready. Things could go in his favor before the end. Ajax was a good boy. He had followed all the rules and yet had fallen short. That was the crux of the point. Davian had received all the same training over the years. He had been brainwashed as all the rest. Yet, he was woken up... when Lila married Alexander instead of himself. It was unfair. It was wrong. She did not love the evil man. No! That should matter! He was better than his brother by every account, except the order of birth.

At the bottom of the stair, Davian surveyed the ongoing party of people. They were gathering as always to spend their hard-earned cash on drinks and "quality" entertainment. He went on forward... and made his way across the room, to his personal table. There Ajax was still sitting. He had not moved at all. 

The younger man noticed his Uncle and watched him come closer. He had to get Davian to help somehow. He had to make him understand! Ajax had no other alliances except his friend Max. That was the whole point. He needed to find Max. So, Ajax waited and watched as Davian came to him. 

"Okay. You have my full attention." Davian spoke directly to Ajax. His voice was loud enough to carry to the younger man's ears, but not to the tables around them. 

Ajax noticed the man's carpetbag. Davian was on the move. Where? The young man stood up. "Sir, I need your help." He swallowed hard. "I need to find my sister's kid." He had a pained expression. 

Davian drew a quick picture of the possibilities in his mind. He had heard of Victoria Houston's death. The family may not always keep in close contact, but he was still... part of it. So he was privy, to the knowledge of events when it came to grievous occurrences. Victoria had died of "a" sickness. Probably contracted by being around those that were less. Health standards made a big difference. She had one child before dying. Her name was Sarah Loraine Hawks-Houston. Davian had never seen her before but was told she had her grandmother's eyes. They must be truly something, as Lila was gorgeous. Green was unusual and considered to be a sign of high intelligence. It was a family trait, thought worth having, at least physically. 

"Let's go have some food together, then we will make a plan." Davian smiled a claim-jumpers grin. He was in a very good mood and it was getting better. If Ajax was after Sarah, that meant he wanted to be replaced himself. They had the same goal, coming from different directions. The first son was jumping ship, and Davian was ready to help him in any way he could. It meant the seat of power was in question, and more importantly his chances of seeing Lila again just skyrocketed.

Ajax was elated he had not been turned away. He did not care "why" Davian wanted to help. He did, and that was enough. He wanted to leap for joy right there and then, but contained his emotions. They were of no account to anyone here. But his heart was significantly less burdened. Lila had told him he would be welcomed, or at least not turned away. She was correct. 

"Where are your things?" The older man looked the younger over more closely. "Do you have room, a place stay?" Davian questioned his nephew further.

"Yes Uncle. I have already arranged for a place to stay. My bag and traveling items are there now." Ajax tried to sound in control.  "I also have these." Ajax put his hand in his pocket and pulled out a small handful diamonds and pretty stones. "I have more in my case, back in my room." 

The fact he had such treasure on him and nothing more, spoke volumes about unprepared ventures. Ajax had not planned well as to paper money or the needed requirements of the moment. Davian quickly figured that right out. He put his hand into his breast pocket, pulled out a nice leather wallet, and opened it. He gathered four hundred dollar bills and handed them straight to his nephew. "Here. Now we can go find somewhere quiet to eat, and talk." Ajax accepted the gift or the loan. Whatever it was. He was flat out, otherwise. He could always trade the stones somewhere and obtain what he needed, but this was easier. His task would be simpler too, now that he was not alone.

"When we are done, we will go back to your room, and pick up your things." Davian turned toward the exit. Ajax got up out of the chair and joined him.

The two men left the busy saloon for a quieter venue. 

Outside, in the city streets, things were booming. There were many, many people coming and going. The den of noise a solid buzz was constantly in the background. Wagons in the street, wheels turning and horses... making noise everywhere. Hard men, soft men, con artists, and Quakers, perhaps a few Mormons... all running the same path as ants. 

The sky above was gray and looked a bit on the foreboding side. It was late December, and cold. 

There were men, women, and children everywhere, from every walk of life. Some predators but most were prey. There, were those that lived here, and those that were just passing through. The two were not always set in stone, as fate changed the stars of every man to point true north in the heart. As every man knows God, not every man holds him as high as the next. 

Eric had left the house of his brother. He still had the smell of Elizabeth's perfume on his hands and chest. The man had been very close and personal about his dealings with her. The pretty maid was just extra fluff. Too bad he could not have stayed longer. Regardless, so far it had been a wonderful day already. He walked out of the double doors and down the great front stair. He mounted Milk and then continued on route to town. From there he headed over to the stage. His efforts had paid off quickly as Pollen was waiting at the post. 

Pollen noticed the man right away. "Sir?" 

"Good. Father thought I would catch you here." Eric replied. "I am going with you." The statement clear as any stated by a Head of House. 

The Egyptian thought it over for only a moment. He could not say no. That was not possible. A million questions assaulted his mind. None of which he gave breath to. "Sir." Was all he replied. Eric being here left Pollen with a new sense of urgency. The family name was in trouble in more ways that he had originally considered. 

"Father wants me to help you bring Ajax home." Eric bitterly spoke. He hated the words, but attempted to make them friendly in tone. "Together we can achieve the goal." 

Pollen dissected the words; "the" not "our" goal. The difference was night and day. 

"Yes, Sir." He stated. That was the proper reply. "The coach will be leaving in an hour." Pollen's statement was the same as agreement to Eric's company without actually making a direct acceptance. 

Eric got off of Milk. He walked over to Pollen and held out the reigns. "That is perfect. You can unload my bags. Then you can take my horse to the livery. I will wait here." 

The servant, the houseman, and so much more... stood up from the bench outside the stagecoach office. He crossed the short distance to Eric and took the horses reigns. Eric moved away and sat back down on the same bench Pollen had just vacated. He watched the other man remove his items from Milk. Then Pollen turned and walked over to sit everything down beside Eric. He went back to the horse that was still standing very still waiting, and led it off. Pollen went on down the street to the Livery just as he had been told to do. All the time, Pollen was considering... why Eric was here? He was not going to be a help, but the houseman could feel there was more. Heron had plans. 

Only a handful of days behind Ajax; Eric and Pollen traveled together. The two men moved from one stop to the next and took whatever transportation was at hand. They had to catch Ajax while he was still close by. That was relative to being in the known states. Once in the territories, it would be far more difficult to traverse the spaces and find success in their mission. Pollen had shared his information about Ajax, haltingly with Eric. But he had answered Eric's questions as they had been asked. The Egyptian man avoided openings, but could not volley every assault. The feeling was not physical but it was mental and the undertone unpleasant. 

The likelihood of Ajax's goal; was Independence, Missouri. Max Houston was a good friend of Ajax's. They had known each other at the point and Victoria had married the man. After her death it was known that Max had left their home and taken his remaining family west. That was the jump-off point for nearly every path to a better life in that direction. So, if Ajax was looking for a way out, other options to replace himself... Sarah was the likely candidate. Pollen was well aware of the family's history and compliance was not avoidable.  

None of this would normally matter, since the Houston prodigy was not likely to inherit anything but name. Yet for some reason... Ajax had placed a great deal at stake to meet up with, and convince them, "the Houston's";  to return. Some of that was guesswork, reading between the lines but the Egyptian was extremely good at that. 

Eric plagued Pollen for information. The man tried not to answer. Yet... but Eric was exceptionally intuitive and could connect dots at extreme angles. That was true at least where evasiveness was concerned. He played games with people's heads sometimes too. It was fun and left Eric always feeling way more clever than the next fellow. Once his mother had accused him of having a "rapier wit". He took that as sharp, and on point. But later heard whispers among the house servants that it was not a compliment. She had made a "point" to say he enjoyed the discomfort of others at his own gain. While that was not a lie, he did not like it so well addressed, so openly. It made for wrong impressions on future brides. As now he could entertain that... being married. Head of House always needed, a bride. One from the right family, with, of course, the right credentials. 

As they traveled Eric kept to himself. He turned over plans, one way and the other, inside and out... all with the final summation of his ascension. 

Pollen, from the house of Satya in the old country; had it in mind to convince Ajax all would be well. He did not need to run, as he, himself would make sure Ajax's wife stayed safe. Pollen would tell him that Elizabeth was okay when he left and that she would continue to be so, even if she did not have a child. For the first time, the servant placed in the home was going to reveal, he too was a "Watcher". That meant he was not just a servant, but a protector of the family line. Although Pollen held that the first son must do his duty, yet there were unforeseeable natural issues. Pollen was well aware consequences were imminent. Alexander was flawed and produced imperfect sons. There was little to be done in the "line", at least the male side; except to save what could be saved. That meant that he understood "why" Ajax left. He also agreed that Heron would overstep Eric in the end and go straight to Victoria... or in this case her child. That was logical. That was the best option at this point to carry the name. At least for the Andrews portion that was true. The Hawks would be overshadowed if Sarah Andrews-Hawks-Houston proved out. Then she would take the title as Sarah Loraine Andrews-Houston, and all that went with it... Head of House, mistress of the line. A new marriage could be arranged and the traits saved. The guiding goal was, is, and always would be; to improve all of humanity. Math, science, memory, longevity, music, and the arts... were  the basis of all better tomorrows. It was still a viable plan.  

Pollen had said as little to Eric, as he could. There was no reason to hold back parts, but the man's gut ached. That was sufficient rationale. On the one hand, they were after all on the same mission. On the other, Pollen's teeth ached from grinding them too much. He only did that when he was close to evil. The only thing that had recently been added to his current situation was Eric. 

In some ways, the Egyptian man was impressed by Eric making the journey. The younger man had never volunteered for anything. Not even making his own bed. So this was out of character. It made Pollen more than a little suspicious. The houseman tried to remain in a positive mood, as they went from one mode of transportation to the next. As expected there were griping and unhappy words spouted frequently at strangers by Eric Hawks. Pollen just continued in quiet reserve. Eric's reputation with people was nothing new or different than as before. 

Their coach was en route to Independence. They would be there by tomorrow afternoon. They were close to their goal, or at least Pollen felt them, to be. He had a few tricks of his own. Nothing he spoke of, but they had kept him safe, once or twice. 

One fact was known. It was not about Ajax, but Alexander's brother. Davian Hawks was in this town. He had been watched from a distance for some time. After the man left on less than kind terms from the main house, Pollen had arranged a caretaker. The man he hired went around... following Davian Hawks. He kept checking on him and sent reports back... to Pollen. He never gave information to Alexander or Lila regarding what he had done, or what was found out. The servant of the House of Andrews-Hawks simply moved forward. He wanted to make sure he knew... everything. Just in case of something, like this. 

Davian and his nephew found a quiet table at the eatery, "Biscuits from Heaven". The dinning room was packed with people, but space was made. Davian's reputation as a good tipper was not just inside the hotel, or the saloon. News had spread among those that counted pennies. Mr. Hawks was greeted and seated... immediately. 

Oliver, the owner himself, led the two men back, toward the quiet north side of the room. Then he assigned his best serving maid to their table. There was no need to order, as Oliver would simply send two of his finest plates of everything to the table automatically. He informed the kitchen and the other help of their current visitor and then went back to normal business himself. Davian and Ajax were left to be alone, and to talk. The only interruption; was fresh coffee in nice cups delivered by a pretty girl.

Davian sat right down. It was not his first time in the place. Ajax made himself at home as well, mimicking his Uncle. 

Davian picked up his coffee and took a long drink. It was warm, not hot. That made it easy. He loved the flavor. He was addicted to the stuff. The man did not drink whiskey or rye, but give him a cup of "dark river", and he was all on board. That is what his mentor had called the brew. He had been a riverboat gambler. Bartholomew Morrison. That was his name. He had been; a "number of other things" too. He had been a magician, a con artist, and a wildcard... cheating miners out of their claims. It had cost him his life in the end. But before that; Davian had learned every trick, of every trade, the man had to offer. The good stuff and the bad were equally useful. The result; Davian was an excellent card player... "master" level, but that was just the beginning... 

Ajax spilled his guts. Why hold back, when this was the only man that could help him. If it put him in a vulnerable place, it did not matter. He was already in that. Ajax had gone to West Point. He could survive out in the real world if he needed to. But this was different. He still had a wife back home, at least he prayed so. She had one real chance left, if he could replace himself in the line... then they could be free. So... he had a plan to find Sarah. He doubted it would be successful, but his heart was twisted uptight, with fear. If he did not, his wife would probably not be alive long. He prayed that was not the case, but Ajax was not stupid. He was supposed to be smart, the best the Hawks' family had to offer. But he did not feel that way, ever. He had no idea where to start exactly, and Davian was a "Jack" of all knowledge. Ajax had thought that since he was a kid, and that impression had never left.

Lila Hawks was a lot of things, a good mother was not one of them. She was selfish and overly concerned with her position, but... Ajax was key to that placement. She had watched on the sidelines as Hanna Hawks was put to death. The realization that her son actually loved the woman was important. Lila could see the after-effects on the man. She knew that he would break sooner or later. The arrangement of his marriage to Elizabeth was a step to solve the issue. But it did not. Heron was too much in a hurry to let life take its own course. His fear of dying without a legacy consuming him.

Knowing that Ajax would seek to solve the problem, she tried to solve it herself. Lila could see antsy feet, and fear in his eyes at every turn. So she made sure, when it happened, as she knew it would, she could guide the young man into his or rather her best future. One that would help her as well as keep the family in a strong position. It was her talks, her management... and supervision of her son that gave Ajax a direction out of the chaos. Lila broke her silence, She had written the letter. She had tilted the playing field in her own direction. But no one knew that except Lila... and Davian.  

Davian listened to his nephew closely, while he swirled the last bit of dark, brew in his cup. The food had been great, and the conversation had been informative. Helping Ajax equaled helping himself. There were so many proverbial chips on the table, there for the taking, the winning, or the stealing. "You have come to the right place. If Max Houston passed this way, there will be a list, somewhere... with his name." The man finally spoke. He considered options. Who would have such a list? "I am going to send you over to the main mercantile. The place is called Mavericks Emporium. Tell the owner, Oliver Right your a "Hawks". The man there will help you. He can go back through his books. Every pilgrim heading west seems to show up at his door. If that does not work, I will give you a few more places to check." Davian doled out orders. 

Ajax's eyes widened and his expression brightened. He had not thought of that, much less been able to figure out where or which merchant might have anything to offer. It was at least a place to begin. "and... what will you be doing?" Not that he expected his Uncle to be working on any of the problems at all, no. He simply wanted to know more... "Where should I return to?" The younger man finally questioned. His voice was hoarse. He took his coffee cup and drank the cooled liquid down quickly. 

"You said earlier you arranged a room for yourself. It is the place, next to the saloon? I will meet you back there. If I have not returned before you, just wait for me. I have other places, and people I can speak with. First, let's go with what we have. Then we can talk about what to do next." Davian returned, in answer. His mind ran a series of games in his head, looking to find the final best hand; to win.

Davian stood up, pulled his wallet from his breast pocket, took money out from the inside, and laid it on the table. Then, "Take my bag back to your room. I will pick it up later too." The rich man ordered.

Ajax also got up from his chair. He picked up his Uncle's satchel and was ready to go. Quickly he asked if there was anything else? The older man shook his head. Then Ajax was on his way. He would drop the luggage off and then head to "Mavericks". That was the biggest trading store around. He had passed it earlier when he had first arrived in Independence. Once there he was to speak with Oliver directly. He could do that; follow directions. Ajax was thankful his uncle was a good man. 

Davian and Ajax walked out. Once on the street, they split up. 

Davian Hawks wanted to check to see if there were any additional messages, waiting for him. If there were they would be at the telegraph office. It took time for Ajax to come all this way. Lila had already broken the rules by the note in his pocket. Not because she wanted to, no she was a stickler. He liked that about her. It was because Heron had already broken them. He had committed heinous crimes. Ajax had conveyed his suspicions in the nicest way concerning his first wife, but it was clear. Ajax was dead on the target. It was just a matter of time before the "law" would come to call on the kettle, and the pot would be black. If Alexander did not have his suits in a row... perfectly, then he might find the taste of being penniless, the least of his problems. "Scandal" was not just discouraged, it was looked down upon among the kin. 

Davian found he was smiling. It was a bright day, even if it was gray above. 

Just up ahead on the wood walkway was the stage stop. The big red, rolling coach had just pulled in. Passengers were getting off. Davian stopped, just two doors down, and watched. There were two men on top. They were the regular driver and his shot-gun man. They were busy now, unloading things from both the top and rear of the box. A few more people had gathered to watch as well. 

Davian started to walk on, but then... Pollen just stepped out from the open cab door. He had not seen the man in years, but the gambler could never forget him. The fact that the Egyptian man had changed little, was also noted. Call it good living, if you like, but the truth was perhaps darker. Davian stayed still and waited. He was not disappointed. Eric Hawks was next. He was loud... obnoxious, and needy. His complaints were not heeded by anyone. The driver was glad they had arrived. His partner was too. The individuals that had been stuck inside with the mouthy man, could not get their things and leave the area... quickly enough.  

Soon it was just Pollen and Eric standing with their bags. Pollen picked up his own. Eric made a noise... and then Pollen picked up Eric's as well. Davian wanted to laugh but held it in. Never give away your hand. The two men then exchanged words. Davian could not hear what was said, but there was some... argument... or at least a lack of cohesion in their agreement to their next move. Soon Pollen went one way, and Eric the other. Davian continued watching as Eric went into a saloon across the street, " The Four Aces". 

As for the other man, Pollen; he set off in Davian's direction. The younger Hawk's brother did not want to be readily recognized as yet, so he simply faced away. The Egyptian was on a mission. Normally he would have been more aware of his surroundings, but he was not. Instead, he was intent, to get real information about what was going on back home. So far Eric had prevented him from being alone, much less checking a telegraph office. Exhaustion and irritation from the hardships of the road had finally worked in Pollen's favor and he was free of the evil stench. At least for the time being, he walked alone. He had to arrange rooms at the hotel... for them both. He said as much to Eric, which was probably why the man had agreed. He wanted everything done for him. 

Pollen decided he would check if any message had been sent?

Davian followed Pollen. 

Pollen walked for a while. Then he came to the business he needed. He set the two bags down and stepped to the window. "My name is Jam'isis Pollen. Do you have any messages for me?" His deep Egyptian accent was still strong even after a lifetime in the states. 

The young man behind the desk looked down at a list. "Yes, Sir. Let me get that for you." He jumped off his seat easily and went back further into the smaller interior room behind. He rifled among the papers in a wooden box marked, "in". Then he returned. "Yes, Sir." He slipped the paper across the space of the desktop. 

Pollen reached for it, but before he could lay his hand upon the message, another hand shot out from the side. "Here old friend, let me help you read that." Davian had moved close and been ready. At just the right time he had swooped in and obtained the prize. 

The young man behind the counter was a little shocked. He was concerned because even he knew who Davian was... Word got around. He did not want to do something that would make the powerful man mad. Everyone liked the gambler, well everyone that had done service for him. He always tipped. How was he supposed to know this stranger from a far land had anything to do with him...? 

Pollen turned to face Davian Hawks. "Sir?" The tone was not shocked. There might even have been a hint of relief. Pollen was harder to read than most other men. Davian never took him at face value. He knew deep thinkers when he saw them in life. 

"Hello, "old"... friend". His famous smile, wide and friendly in appearance. "Let's go somewhere we can get caught up, on the family business." The last part he spoke with a greater sense of power than he felt in a long time. 

"Yes, Sir. I am actually... here to find Ajax... and then I was going to find you. (The Egyptian was well aware Davian was in Independence somewhere, by way of his own intelligence web. The man kept track of all Hawks' family members if he could, at all times.) But there was no exact order in that goal at this time." He finished.

The young man behind the counter felt a bit better. It seemed like he had not made a mistake... by just doing his job. Davian stepped up to the counter, side by side with Pollen. He pulled out his wallet and placed a large tip on the desk. He faced the telegraph man; "Are there any other messages... for me?" 

The clerk shook his head back and forth slowly. The action was a negative response. 

Then Davian continued, "You are doing a good job." Then he turned, smiled at the Egyptian, and went back to the door. Davian and Pollen then left together. 

The telegrapher nearly passed out. There in front of him on the counter was a $100 bill. The payment due was only a few cents. 

15) Criss-cross, applesauce...
and promises made to be broken!

Davian led the way back to the small room Ajax had arranged for earlier on. It was empty when he arrived. The bustle of the street outside left behind..., and quiet... took over. 

The young Hawks' man must be still working on his last task. That was okay. At least Ajax followed directions well. Davian liked that. That did not make him a good leader or Head of the House but it did make him good kin. Davian liked the boy or at least admired his empathy. His feelings for his wife were not so different than those he felt for Lila. But he would never share that point with anyone. Ajax was not his, Lila had made sure of that. She chose, and it was a turning point that could not change back. 

Pollen followed Davian right into the room that had been provided. He wanted to ask to see the telegraph message directly, but "that" was not the way this was going to go. He knew ahead of time. Pollen could always squeeze the man back at the telegraph office. He could find out the hard way what the message read; word for word. There was still time. Yet, he rather enjoyed watching the "play" unfold. 

The youngest of the older set of Hawks brothers surveyed the room in a single glance. It was clean, but it was not fancy. It was quiet, just as his nephew had said it was... which was another mark in his favor. Perhaps the money spent at the Point for his formal education had not been wasted after all. Ajax was a fair choice, even if he were not the best choice. Of course he, Davian himself was that. Ruling others was in his blood. More than that, taking what he wanted was paramount. Power allowed for personal desire. At least the way Davian did his math. If Heron could be removed, and it was not out of the questions considering current events, then he was next in line. Let the little boys fight over what they believed they wanted or were going to get. Davian was well aware of the carrot... and the golden egg. He wanted even more than that. He wanted the Queen. 

Davian turned to face the much older man. It was hard to say an age, as they appeared to be nearer the same then was actually the case. The perks for every advantage money could buy were not held back for those that helped the house grow, and flourish. Davian could not remember a time Pollen had not been in the picture. Oddly the man seemed to deify the natural progression of age.   

The Gambler took out the paper he had plundered. He unrolled it casually, and read it to himself. Davian did not share its contents with the servant of the house. No. He folded it back and put it in his breast pocket. Why? Between them, an agreement had just been made. By taking on the contents, the weighted words and not passing them on to Pollen, whatever was inside was on Davian. Plausible deniability was key. It saved families from chaos at times. The Hawks' were very close to the edge. In Davian's entire life he had never been to a council of the elders, but recent events brought red flags. Those signs were a sign themselves of change. One thing led to another, and so whole empires often fell, for the smallest of reasons. Alexander Heron Hawks had more than a few out-of-place puzzle pieces. 

Alexander the great,
Alexander's namesake was a reflection of a mighty hero,
but it is not the same, as self-proclaimed... fame...
 just because you want it to be.

Heron is a mighty bird.
Tall and slender, with wide wings.
Known for its patience and solitude of existence.
Always waiting, and making the right move.
Hunted by falcons,
and a peculiar name for a Hawks'
unless one understands the absurdity of the human condition,
and their desire to be... more than they are.
 Hawks, the family Hawks'...
generations of planned births, and deaths. 
At least those that were important enough, to be counted!

"I know you are here with Eric." Davian was now careful with his words. Whatever they were, they would be... memorized by this man. They would be repeated to others, verbatim, again. He would more than likely be, "called to witness" in front of powerful individuals. Maybe. Regardless, Pollen was good at this task(s) at times. Whether he meant to be or not, he had been used before in this manner. The man continued. "Ajax is searching for Sarah, Victoria's daughter. Do I need to fill in the rest?" The ramification; was that Ajax was giving up the Head of House. He was going to try and put Sarah in his place. The bloodline would continue. That would be acceptable. 

Pollen shook his head silently. He understood. The question that remained was Eric's reaction. How much did he know? How did he fit into the bigger picture? 

Davian jumped to the new deck of cards he had been metaphorically handed. "Eric will smell blood in the water. He will go along until it no longer suits him. There must be a witness. That is you." The last part, led to an uncomfortably long silence. "I am going home." The younger Hawks man stated with clear intent. "I will live in Ajax's house with his wife. I will be her guardian until his return." He took in a deeper breath, "It is my intention; to vote for their release." (Their... meaning Ajax and his wife.) The look on the Egyptian's face could not be hidden, even if he tried.

"She is dead?" Davian spoke the worst right out loud.

"Yes, Sir. More than likely. I gathered that from the response to questions... Eric answered..., both directly, and indirectly. I have been traveling with him for days now. Things bleed out, in conversation. I can not be 100% sure, but I have almost no doubts at all." He replied evenly. 

"That makes sense for his line of thinking." The disgust in Davian's voice was not hidden. "Do not say this to Ajax. Do not say a word. He will give up, and the family needs him to find Sarah. Do I make myself clear?" Davian now spoke with authority. If Pollen was correct, then Heron would be held responsible, even if it were indirectly so. There would be an accounting. "Go with them both. Ajax could use your help and you can keep watch on Eric. The mission is to find Sarah... " He swallowed. "She is the answer."  

Pollen was considering his options. He could decline. But... if he were true to his vow to protect the family lines, the real "lines"... be they male or female, he had no choice. The important family traits carefully tended to were twisted among the weeds of insanity. Eric was the product of that... Pollen was not stupid. Things were coming apart. The goal of a better human; was now only a shadow of its original intent. The elders would be in a roar over many extremely sharp points now coming to the surface. The loss of good material was a blow to the overall project. At the very least, it was a major setback by more than a few generations. It would take that much, just to attempt repair. 

This order or pressured request Pollen preferred to think of it as; was useful. He would go. The man might even lay down his own bet as to who would win. As for the girl, she was the treasure. Sarah was pure gold. Once found again, the asset could be judged. At this point her life or her death was the key to the next Head of House; seat of power. 

"And your plans, Sir?" Pollen already knew. However, it was polite to let the man talk. He had not finished. 

"I am going back. Now that you are here, you can do the leg work. Return with the best brother, the lucky one if there is one. Oh, and bring back my grand niece. We can have her tested... and placed or put down." The last part was a bit direct. Pollen might have been appalled at this kind of cruelty, but over so many generations watching the few believe themselves better than the many, it was not new. The truth only one in thousands moved the line forward. They were diamonds among coal. The great thinkers, musicians, and artists had to be helped or the hardships of life took them away too fast. Pollen had come to know that the breeding plan was wrong because the people that were in charge were never perfect. The fact that they would never acknowledge that one fact only reinforced the truth. 

Over the many years of service Pollen had come to see good people and bad, from the very same family lines. He had seen many outside the family... far more superior in traits, but lacking the financial means to succeed. Well, most times just to make a living from day to day, the struggle was extreme. 

The door to the small room opened suddenly and Ajax walked right in. He was more than a little surprised to see Pollen standing there, talking to his Uncle. His immediate thought; "They had found him". In no time at all the family were on his heels. Did his mother change her mind? Was there another layer to deceit and betrayal he had not endured as yet?

Were they going to make him go right back? Were they going to punish him for trying to find a better path? His heart was racing. His mother knew he was here. Or, at least he believed that she did. Maybe she would not say. Lila never stood up for anyone else, unless it was to her benefit. Ajax's thoughts moved then to his wife. The look on his face was a window to his soul. 

"Glad you are here boy." Davian greeted Ajax kindly enough. "We have been talking... and we have a new and better plan." His warm smile did much to relieve the tension in the room. Yet, Ajax was still completely on his guard. 

"My wife..." Ajax finally managed to speak. It was not much over a whisper. The wind had been taken from his lungs. He felt smothered.

Pollen turned and looked at the younger man. There was at least a small amount of compassion in his eyes. If it were not true, then it was only wishful thinking on Ajax's behalf. But he held onto the thought. "All is well. Mr. Hawks is going back home, to take care of Elizabeth. You, and I... along with your brother Eric are going after Sarah." The matter-of-fact tone was an attempt to add calm to the moment. Ajax's eyes were as big as saucers. 

Pollen felt the bitter taste of his words. He was not in the habit of bending the truth, much less outright lying. But it was not hard to understand that Ajax was weak, and the truth might break him completely. 

Elizabeth was alive. Davian was going back. This made great sense. How could he be so blessed? How could this go so well, and in his direction? Was Eric okay with this? Who was going to take his place? Eric? Sarah? or even perhaps... Davian. The last finally became very clear as the bottom line. There were rules... and so far his father Alexander... the great, or rather Heron the mighty had fallen short of success by several standards. If Sarah was returned then it would work well for the current Head of House, maybe. But better for Davian having saved the line. That made sense. She was a female, but it would provide face"... to have succeeded to the next generation once again. It was not the best way, but it was a way. 

As for Eric, if he were going to be made the new Head... ? It was hard to say how Ajax was to remain alive. If by some crazy chance he and his wife did conceive, there would be issues. Eric was not his friend, they were just brothers. That only because fate had placed them so. Yet, Ajax was not in any position to question anything his Uncle asked of him. Besides if Davian said he was going to go back himself, then that was something. The man could count on that Ajax was sure. Elizabeth would be okay. 

"I will do whatever you ask," Ajax spoke out loud, in a much calmer voice. He was convincing himself more than the other two men. He wanted to believe everything said here, was the truth. There was always a piece... left out, however. He knew that also but chose to ignore it. When he left home, he had no help. He thought he had run to the end of his rope and let go. It was a last-ditch effort to be here, and not somewhere else. Meeting up with his Uncle had been a whim decision. Placed in his head by Lila of course. Before that, Ajax barely had the workings of any plan, more like just an idea. His mother had known... she had given him a few bread crumbs to take with him. They had panned out. Now he had made progress. His wife was alive and he was alive. There was still a chance. 

Just over two hours had passed without much notice. The three men talked further about additional details. The two brothers, and their servant Pollen... would travel together. They would need to buy proper equipment, and be outfitted for the trail. They may even have to hire a guide or join another train west. Whatever it took was going to happen. One day, one week, one month... a year... or more, it did not matter. "Don't come home without success." That was the main idea. Davian followed every concern Ajax expressed with assurances over the guardianship of his wife. The younger man agreed again, and again... to do exactly what he was told. The trail ahead did not scare him. The territories were just open spaces. He could ride, and he could shoot. Ajax was not the most physical man, but he could get the job done. He had gone to the Point. It was the company on this quest that turned his stomach. Yet there was no way to change that, without revealing his extremely; personal thoughts. 

Ajax had contributed to the conversation. He had been to the store, and several other shops earlier around town. In the process, he had been far more successful again than he thought possible there as well. He found out a few notes of interest. It seemed there was a man named Mike Frost... a hard man to forget, that came through months back. It was not his first time as a wagon master, no. The merchant and owner of "Plain Food and Supplies"; had gone on a while... in a gossipy fashion. It seems Mr. Frost had left a sizeable tab. The more he talked, the more Ajax paid attention. Then... he..., like his uncle tipped the man. Service was service, and Ajax had learned a lot in a small space of time.

It was last known that Mike Frost had taken twenty-two wagons out last spring. He had not returned but had been known to do so in the past. His reputation was rough but accomplished. Mr. Frost had made the trip from Independence to Santa Fe more than once. The pilgrims that spoke his name, however, that were still around, had nothing kind to add. He was a powerful man that demanded absolute compliance from his charges. He also squeezed a sizeable fortune from them, just to be within his group. Word had it that he succeeded more often than he failed. That led to people letting him do, just about what he liked. 

Gold had been found in California. That had doubled the number of pilgrims willing to risk everything, to obtain a misty dream. Most would starve before they ever made a sufficient amount to change their lives. The real ones to get rich in any case were the vendors of supplies, entertainment, food, and the like. But that was only one group. The rest were looking for land and a new life over the ones they left behind. They were just as foolish. They over-packed their wagons full of keepsakes and hopeful bobbles inboxes. Later most would leave their bric-a-brac beside the trail, desperate for what they should have brought instead. It took people like Frost to demand adherence to the rules. Otherwise more green men, weak women, and their fragile families would have died. He was still, not a good man. 

Soon they were finished with their conversation. Pollen left to gather up his ward. He knew Eric would not be hard to find. Eric was still in the same saloon he had entered earlier in the day. He had drunk away... the dust of the journey from their last stop, to here in Independence. During the process, he had also gambled away or been conned out of all his cash. Pollen had to pay the outstanding bill Eric had run-up; up before he had even left... from the bar. After spending time in the company of Davian Hawks Pollen was further convinced this young man was a waste of time. The Egyptian thought about leaving him. But that did not work well with the plan. He also felt it was better to ride down the river and see just where the adventure led. He could always take matters into his own hands. It was not out of the question. 

Ajax had gone right out and purchased horses, and equipment to be used by the three on their quest. He actually enjoyed himself, going back to the mercantile and visiting the man that had helped him. He wanted to give the owner business, as that was the right thing to do. There he outfitted himself, guessed at his brother's needs, and filled the paper list he had been given by Pollen. Soon, he was finished and on his way back to the small room, at the rear of the busy shop. What his uncle was doing all this time, was his own business. He had taken command and doled out orders. Davian was obviously; in charge.

It took them all a while to finish their tasks but things went well. Eric was more than a little unhappy to find they were not going to be put up in the hotel. They were not going to eat, anywhere fancy. From this point forward they were not even going to travel by stagecoach. They would be made to ride horses directly. Not that Eric couldn't ride, it just was not his favorite thing to do. In fact, it was his least preferred. 

When Pollen had returned with Eric Hawks in tow behind him... Davian had made short work of setting him in his place. He did not ask the younger man anything. The gambler did not even pretend that there was a question to be asked. Davian simply went over what was going to happen. Eric realized that this new hitch in his get-along was going to be an issue. But he had taken care of worse things already. He would just go along as he always had, and the right moment would trot by. Then he would seize upon the opening, and handle things. Of course, he continued to gripe a bit, as to do less, would be out of character. He just kept it to a low roar, instead of a mighty, deafening noise. 

It was getting late. Davian left the three in the room and went out into the night. His last words were, "Don't come back home unless you have succeeded in your purpose." It was not a threat. It was a statement. If they... either brother were ever, either one of them to become the Head of House, they would now have to prove out. What that meant exactly, was still to be defined. In the meantime, Davian Hawks had his own life to live. And now that included Lila once again. Or at least he had it in his mind, it would... shortly. 

The gambler walked out of the small room, down the alleyway and out, onto the main walk. He had a spring in his step he had not felt for a long time. He was going home. He had enough on his brother Heron to make sure he could stay there too. If he played his cards right, he would be a winner in the end...! 

16) The Days of Wild Flowers,
and Wind Songs...

Brown Bear entered the miners camp just behind Chilly. In one glance he took the area in, remembering every detail. The site was sparse, but functional. What did not belong were the three new  men just across the clearing. The reaction of the old man in front of the Chief told him everything he needed to know about the others. These new strangers were a problem. The Chief could handle that. It took only the tiniest motion from his right hand and his braves that followed attacked. They had been turned loose and were more than ready. Then the Chief turned his attention back to the old man. Did he try to walk them into a trap? Was he part of all of this or not? Brown Bear figured things out. He was very wise. The new arrivals that had come to Chilly's camp, came to do evil. They just happened to choose bad timing on their behalf. It worked out well for Chilly, and Pepper. They might have been victims rather than survivors. 

The Chief continued again to follow Chilly. He did not give the situation additional attention. His focus now was Aponi. 

A surprised or even shocked expression covered Chilly's face. He had not expected the Indian and his braves to help him, much less save him. That was exactly what had just happened. Gladly Chilly returned to his task regarding the girl. He walked over to the small cabin and pulled open the door. He was happy to see as he looked in that all was well. Chilly then stepped out of the way to let the Chief have a better view. 

The Chief was relieved and knew then that his friend Tall Feather would be as well. A giant weight had been lifted. The tribe had lost so many in the last few seasons. This was a good sign.  

 The Chief went inside. He bent down and picked up Aponi in his arms. He turned and carried her outside, then over to his horse. Chilly was now standing right there. His own arms held out. Brown Bear passed the girl to him. Then the Chief mounted his horse, reached down and accepted her back. In that motion the two men locked eyes. Mutual respect and friendship passed between them.  

Chilly stood and watched as the Chief settled into place. He had a long ride ahead. The girl was as nothing... her body light as a feather to the big man. He wanted to make sure she was secure. Brown Bear treated her as if she was his own daughter. 

Not long after the braves returned. They showed no signs of having done any kind of battle. They nodded to their leader. All was well and the bad men were dead. 

The Chief's horse pranced a bit and moved toward the path. The other men followed. Chilly watched them leave, somewhat relieved.  They had not hurt him. They simply left. In that short span the Chief and his men had forever changed Chilly's opinion about Indians in general. They had treated him with dignity, and even let him keep his scalp. What more could he ask for? 

Brown Bear was now a hero, to a hero, and the whole tribe would take the chance to celebrate. He and his men had succeeded when hope was nearly gone. It would be a good time among the People. Tall Feather had been beside himself to see his daughter safe. He had every faith in his friend and chief, but it had been a trial nonetheless. He, himself, had come up empty and returned saddened by the event. When Brown Bear returned... and entered the camp, his braves hooping and hollering with success... all were lifted. 

After the Indians had left his little home, Chilly searched the dead men on the ground. He started with the one he knew all too well. He ran his hands over the body searching. Chilly did not believe he would find anything of value, as that was why the stupid-fellow had come back. To "take from" Chilly, again. The man, his x-partner if any dared to call him that... was in his mid-forties surely, and still had no real assets to show for his life. That is, except his clothes. They were after all pretty nice. He liked to dress well, for a vagabond. Chilly thought that a bit silly, but then every man had their vice. "Too bad for Pat, who sat like a cat," Chilly mumbled as he continued his inspection. 

There was a pinky ring of solid gold. That was new... Chilly wondered who the man had taken that from? Patrick was a real con artist. Chilly knew that from the start, but they had still been friends. Or at least Chilly had been. There had been an argument over grapes a few months back? How odd... this far from civilization? Neither one of them had even seen one of the fruits in years. So, there had been no actual grapes present, but that had mattered little. The details were now a bit lost, but the stupidity of the event, was still strong. That is when Pat left and took more than his share... 

Chilly had Pepper and found that for him, the beast was plenty. Animals never did you wrong. Chilly took the ring as he figured it was his due. "I know Lord, but we can work it out later in heaven right?" The man mumbled a little under his breath but kept searching. Chilly was a God fearing man, but bad people deserved what they got in his way of thinking. Patrick had taken a whole bag of Chilly's hard-earned gold before he left last time. It was only fair, everything he had now belonged to Chilly. The miner would have taken his nice new clothes and shoes, but then someone might recognize something later. It was not worth the possibility. The old man did take Patrick's weapon however, a simple pop gun of low grade. Chilly doubted Pat even knew how to use it. Well at least in a real showdown. Shooting someone in the back, now that was a different matter. 

"So you started being fancy and carrying a gun? Probably took to few lives too, fool?" more muttering. 

Pepper glanced up and over at Chilly. No, the man was not talking to him. He returned to his chewing. 

"Must have been a new addition to your "look" for the ladies. A gun, just for show?" Chilly dared to look at his lost friend's face. "No denying it.  either."  The pepper box would just go in the miner's cache. Chilly did not carry anything on his own body. He had a gun sure, but not a handgun. Chilly had a shotgun. It was propped up against his half-hazard structure of a home even now. The weapon allowed for a wider strike against any target more than weapons. Chilly found in the last few years he could not see as well as he once did. It was better to aim wide and hit something than to trust to a small-caliber. So all the rest, anything of value... he put with the gold. His gold. His treasure, his life's work at this point. Well, his and Pepper's of course.   

Then Chilly got up from Pat's side. He moved to the first stranger on the ground. He was a bit further away. His horse... had wandered off. After the man had fallen, it had been set free. Chilly would go get the animal, when he was done with the body here. He repeated the same process as before. The cowboy, or rather the criminal, was a big man. He had a bearded face. There was a scar over his right brow. Likely he was wanted somewhere for something. That was fairly common. Loads of bad guys on the roads these days, picking on unwary travelers. They were usually ripe pilgrims that did not present trouble. Indians... well, they were another matter. For the first time Chilly was very happy he had encountered savages. That made him smile wide. "Savages?". It was not true and after today, he would never refer to them that way again. 

Chilly kept searching. The man had a vest with a lot of possible places to hide things. It was always wise to know all that a person can about someone willing to kill a man, he had never met. Then he found a paper in the fellow's upper breast pocket. Odd? Chilly took it out and unfolded it slowly. The size, color, and feel of the paper itself were that of a flyer. It was exactly like those in the Sheriff's office, pinned up on the bulletin boards. Chilly was not the best reader, but even he could gather enough from the picture to figure things out. It was a pretty little girl. It was a girl the same age perhaps as the Indian that had just left, with her family. It looked exactly like her. There was also a sign at the bottom of the page. It was a flower with a half-moon crest. That mark was followed by the name... Hawks. Chilly was not normally a suspicious man, nor one to jump to conclusions easily. But in this case, he was very sure the paper was not a good document at all. Yet, it was not in him to dismiss anything out of hand. Chilly then folded the paper small as before. He put it into his own pocket. Later he would put it with his stash. He was not sure exactly why, but he just thought he should. 

Whatever else, if it were not for the Indians, he would likely be dead. Chilly would be laying out in the open for wolves. Or, other critters that were looking for a free meal. So, his insides told him to keep the paper, but they also told him at the same time... to hide it! The man unconsciously looked around as if someone might be watching. There was no one. The Indians had made sure of that. It was just a fleeting, unpleasant sensation. 

The young girl that left here, went willingly. She was even happy. Chilly had watched her face. Perhaps it was not the same person as the one on the flyer after all? Maybe it was? 

"Pepper, we got to do something about all this." Chilly looked from his former friend, Patrick to the other man prone on the ground. He needed to get rid of the bodies. They would be hard to bury, but he may not have a choice. It was not likely there were be anyone particularly missing them, but Pat might have left a trail. Who knew the whole story there? If these men came with him, who else might follow and for what reason?  "They might draw too much attention." Chilly supposed. There was no way for Pepper to respond, as he had no idea what was being said. Yet, the animal stood near. His big, dark brown eyes appeared very focused. The intruders had been dealt with and that was enough. Yet the old man seemed agitated. 

Pepper noticed a new blade of grass, unseen until this moment. He honked and made a kind of low whiney sound. Then he walked slowly over to a new position, one that would allow him to pull and taste the new treat.  It was just as good as he thought it would be. Pepper continued munching the piece of grass. It was after all his favorite pastime. 

There was one more body left. After Chilly was done riffling over the corpse of the second one in the clearing... the miner went after the two loose horses. He got up from the ground and took a quick survey of the situation. Then he calmly figured out which way to go and carried out his plan. Chilly soon found them. The two animals belonging to the dead were just outside the ring of short trees. They were close, thankfully. He grabbed both their reigns and used them together. He walked all around between the trees further and further out, randomly. The point was to hide the trail Patrick and his "friends" might have left in case anyone else followed. 

Then Chilly looped the reigns on each loosely around the horn of their saddles. He stepped back. This was all working for the moment. Part of him would have liked to keep a few things off the saddles as supplies and extras were always a bounty, but that would seem out of place. He need it to appear the riders were attacked and the horses simply bolted. So... instead Chilly moved to the back of the first one. He slapped the animal's rump hard and it angrily ran off. The second horse eyed Chilly suspiciously but stayed still. Chilly moved to the back and did the same thing. The outcome, both were heading in opposite directions.  

There was still the one man to deal with? The one that had ridden out trying to escape. He had met his death, Chilly was sure. But exactly how? The Indian had returned and he did not even looked winded. 

Chilly figured that body had to be somewhere down the south path. It was not much of a trail, not more than an animal thru-way. But that was nearly a highway in these parts. The patch of grass and gravel was well worn. It was open enough to make things passable. Chilly had better go and check on the body and his mount. The miner was not the kind to leave things hanging. 

Then he left. He walked down the path for about a mile. There Chilly found the third evil doer. He was done "doing" for sure. He had been scalped. That man's horse was just gone. Chilly was not in the mood to dig a hole, so he did not. It would have looked out of place anyway. Besides, Chilly figured that if someone found the stranger in this condition they would never connect the death back to him. That was good enough. After all, after today's events he just wanted it all to end. Chilly would move his camp, away in the morning. He and Pepper would just go north. That was further into Indian lands, but after all of this the man had a different idea of what that meant.  

Chilly did not see a gun in the hostler at the man's hip. Maybe he had dropped it or else it was taken? That did not matter. There was something extra ugly about this one. So, Chilly did not rifle his body as he had the others. It was just better to leave things as they were. The man was rough looking but he smelled even worse. Death would attract predators and a clean up crew of animals large and small. No need in adding another chapter to the book in favor of this man... this unknown. 

Chilly eyed the man pretty closely. He had never seen him before. He could say the same for the other man, back behind him at camp. Not for the first time, and not for the last; Chilly found he was happy to have come across the band of Indians. His stars were shining brightly in the heavens. That is what his mother would have told him in his youth. 

Would they be missed? Meaning the thugs. It crossed Chilly's mind. He had better leave the area as soon as he could. He thought he might as well go north, the way the Chief had come. Seems since they had not killed him yet, maybe they would continue to do him the courtesy of letting him live. Not all the rumors of evil savages were true. That was a pleasant surprise, on any account.  

Chilly turned from the dead body, still on the trail... there... being slowly consumed, one tiny piece at a time by insects. More things would come when the night arrived. Then there would be little left if any in the end. The miner walked back toward his place. He had work to do there. He had been thinking, at length and decided he would not bury the other two after all. The swollen river was close enough. He only wanted to move their bodies away from his home. As far as he could get them. So, Chilly figured he would just dump the bad men in the swollen river, and let the watercourse handle disposal. Then he and Pepper would move away from trouble. That was an excellent plan. He hoped that Pepper would agree. He was going to need the mule's help. The bodies were too heavy for him to carry alone. 

That last part made Chilly smile. He could put this all behind him soon. That was a good prospect. He had finally found a silver lining, or at least perhaps a thin gold vein. He felt much more at peace, as the last few hours had given his stomach quite a stir. 

It took most of the rest of the day to put his plan into place. Chilly and Pepper were both tired by the end. After that, they stayed one more night in his less-than-perfect shack of a home. The next morning Chilly packed everything he felt had worth on the back of his best friend. Together they moved up the path. The weather was really good and they made great progress. 

Soon the man had found another place in the low hills. Chilly could get back to work, and Pepper could get back to doing what he loved. Eating grass. 

It was not long before the Indians in the area found the man and his mule. They made themselves seen, but no one bothered Chilly or his partner. Perhaps it was because of the Chief? The story of the man with the mule at the river's edge had been told... more than once. He had helped with Aponi's rescue... and that had earned him a place, even if it were not exactly close in the circle of the tribe. 

Chilly and Pepper lived well and troubled no one. 

Aponi had come home. Life had returned to somewhat normal. Tyra was even half nice. That was an unexpected bonus. Perhaps she had found the usefulness of Aponi after all, and it was a good thing. Aponi did not mind doing work. While Tyra truly just wanted to be assured she had not been replaced. Tall Feather still did not give her much attention. But he did allow her to live with him in the tent. They were a family, if not a perfect one, at least a unit where each had a place, and each felt connected... in some way. 

Days after Aponi fully recovered. Her head cleared from the fog and pain. She was nearly back to her old self again and would completely heal in the days ahead. Aponi had heard the tale more than once about her rescue. She was thankful to the Chief and the braves for coming after her. She was also thankful to the old man. She had heard much about him. Word had come to her that the man Chilly was even close by. 

On a bright sunny morning, Aponi got up early again. She went to the front of the tent and opened the flap. She then moved through the opening. The water skins were hanging outside, and her job was clear. She stepped right out, just a little further, turned and re-secured the skin opening. Then she walked a few paces and picked up the bags from off the post. Aponi slung them over her shoulder in the same manner as the day of the bear... Under her breath, she spoke a prayer to God. Just because she was here, did not mean she gave up her belief. No. It was just another facet of her life, that she held dear. Like memories of her real mother and father. They were all Aponi had, from her life before. 

Aponi went to fetch water. She stepped down the path, the same one as before. It was a little scary at first, but she made herself go. The bear was long gone. But the memory was very real and close to her heart. She had to overcome her fears. Her father, Max Houston would never have let anything scare him. He was fearless, and she wanted to be that way too. So she continued regardless of how hard it was to walk forward. Faith would keep her moving. It had too. 

At the water's edge, Aponi felt better. The river had turned into a slow-moving, even peaceful sight. It was nothing like before. The surface was calm or becoming so. The dirt washed through with force, settling as the water became less violent. Aponi went right to the edge. She put the bags down on the ground, but could not help but scan the trees, and the surroundings closely. Then she bent down to the edge of the river and touched the surface. It was warmer than before. Summer was here. The spring run-off was done, and there would be less and less sign of its passing each day. Aponi took her right hand and grabbed the first of four bags. Slowly she filled it, then the next and the next. 

"Hee-haw!" the cheerful noise drifted to her ears like a funny laugh... out of place. Aponi looked up from the last bag she was still filling. There, only a few feet away, a mule had walked right into view. "Hee-haw!" The animal repeated. 

"Good morning to you too," Aponi spoke. First, she did so in her Indian tongue. Then she smiled and said it again, "Good morning to you!" In simple... plain English words.

"Hello." A man's voice came back to her. She had not seen him anywhere as yet, but the sound came from behind the mule. "Good morning to you." the voice continued. 

Then from seemingly nowhere at all; Chilly walked right out into the open. 

Aponi was not afraid. It did not take any talent to connect the mule to it's owner. She completed her task at hand, stood up, and then picked up the other three bags. They were heavy, but not more than she could carry. 

"My name is Chilly. You were not in a talking mood last time we ran across each other." 

"Yes, Sir. I meant to come and thank you properly, I just have not had the chance." The girl replied. She spoke in perfect English. There was no sign at all of accent or mistake.  

"Could we talk just a moment now? I see you have a task to complete. I just had a question or two." The man spoke easy and moved up to stand beside the mule. He took his right hand and pet the animal lovingly. 

Aponi put the bags back down. "What can I say to you, Sir?" 

"Well, it is just that I see you are here... with the Indians. You are not one of them... right?" There he stopped a moment and smiled. "Yes... just as I thought." He rubbed his chin with his left hand. "I guess I wanted to make sure you wanted to be here, and not home?" He left the last word hanging there in the air. 

Aponi thought for a moment to herself. Her father was dead. Her mother was dead. Yes, she had choices surely. She remembered her grandmother and the big house. None of that was a good memory. It did not mean she forgot, only chose to blank it out. 

Before her mother had passed, she had given her all she needed to know. She had been told about the ancestry of her line. She had been told how important things were to "them". Whomever "they" were. The exact shadow of darkness had not been given, only implied. But at such a young age, she would have forgotten it all, but she could not. It was exactly why "they" would still want her if they knew. All of it a mass of confusion to be sorted out. Aponi figured it was like knowing all the right answers, but not being able to read them until she had reached the right intersection of her life. Each point was dependent on the other.  

Finally, after deliberation in her head over things known and yet unknown she smiled. "I am home, Sir. Thank you for your concern." Then she gave him a smile, that said, "She had not lied, but embraced the truth." 

"That is what I needed to hear my little friend. I am glad that you are happy." The mule made a soft sound, barely heard. Aponi did not miss it. The beast was a friend as well, there was no doubt. 

"Thank you again, for saving me." Aponi spoke low, with respect. 

"You are welcome. We are friends. Come by anytime, and we can talk." He pointed north. I am up the path, and I am not hard to find." Then he turned to the mule. He gave him a loving brush with his hand across his nose, "Hope to see you sometime, sunshine!" He finished. Then he turned and walked off. The mule followed him as if the two were as one, partners. 

The girl watched them leave, then picked up her bags again. It was a good day for sure. No bears in sight. She then walked back to camp. 

Life was fine again. Life was as it should be...
 
Seven years...came and went.

Seven years...

17) The Home Coming

Seren James was a young investigator that had the jaws of a lion. Once he grabbed something he really put his teeth into it. He also had the will of a badger to never let go. The man had been recently promoted and he was in a set mind to prove out. 

James was five-foot-five, but six feet tall in his head. No one could stop him, from waging war on evil. His young, enthusiastic outlook on life, was annoying. It was also like a mold that grew on all those that got too near. "No fault could be found in the righteous!" were Seren's words to live by. 

The young investigator knew all about the Hawks' family. He had made it both his professional and personal business. The Hawks' had been part of the landscape forever according to the locals. They were a powerful family and knew influential people. It gave them immunity where there should be none. Seren had reviewed every past record, newspaper article and all else that he could lay his hands on. The man found there were discrepancies and inconsistencies among the documents. The reporting of facts often mattered on who authored the story. There was however nothing direct that Seren could hold as sufficient to bring charges. He had ideas, and theories. Seren would wait. One day there would be "enough".  

The Hawks' were well respected at least to their faces. However there were rumors and gossip that just floated around. Attempts were made to stop it at times, but it never truly died. Truth was like that the young man had realized early on. So, Seren became an avid listener, to every whisper. 

Currently, his assignment was Elizabeth Hawks. The woman had been murdered. He had been out to the Rosara and saw the terrible mess first hand. It was made to look like a suicide. Seren did not believe it for a moment. They cut the poor woman's wrists and bleed her life out. "Nice try..." the man thought to himself. Seren was young but not stupid. His Commander Michael Flynn told him to leave it alone. Seren could not. The position of the body. The poor way things were set up in the room. There was also the fact this was the second wife that died in this home. Suspicion on that alone should have been enough to raise a few eyebrows. But that was not the way things were going.

Seren gathered the information, all that he could. He even had a man come out from town with a camera to take a picture of the body. It was a huge expense and not okayed by the department. Seren had paid for it himself. The Commander could say little. Why? Was he protecting the Hawks' would have been implied to do so? Commander Flynn did not want that kind of question to come back to him or his office. Commander Flynn had been the "young" investor that found the first wife. Hannah was her name, Hannah Hawks. After that, Flynn had moved right up the ladder for keeping things quiet. Now the new guy, would simply not shut up. The Commander was doing his best, but Seren was tenacious. 

Davian Atomous Hawks stepped off the train in town at nearly noon. He was hungry but wanted to get home before eating. He had different hunger more pressing at the moment than his stomach. The man was still undecided as to going straight to the big house and confronting his brother directly or not. If he did he might..., perhaps see Lila. The second option was to go on instead to Ajax's home. Davian knew Rosara was empty of life. He knew it from his conversation with Pollen. The gambler read it clearly on his nephews face also. The repercussions of the truth were still unknown. Someone was going to go to jail or at least that is what should happen. The likelihood of that event was not high. Why? Money could buy many things. 

The man inhaled deeply. The air was crisp and clear. It filled him with a sense of elation. His heart beat a bit faster. His hands were sweaty inside his leather gloves. Yet... good sensations and bad it all combined. Davian felt great. He was home, or nearly so. First thing, he would have to do was arrange for transportation. There were a livery, and horses nearby. They would have something there to sell. The gambler picked up his single bag in his right hand. He then walked toward the corral. He had a nice skip in his step if anyone cared to be watching. The man had a plan and it was unfolding... even now, perfectly. 

Not more than an hour later, Davian had found a strong horse, with a good disposition. He was fully outfitted and sitting in a high-dollar saddle. It was the best the small business had to offer. The owner of the establishment was thrilled to help a Hawks'. Davian was not exactly known..., but his name had brought a lot of quick responses, nonetheless. He had been gone for years but a Hawks' was a Hawks' always. So Davian tipped the man well for his merchandise, and his efficiency. 

Davian road out. His path set for Rosara.  

The ride from town was quiet. Each step forward made Davian even happier. The man smiled openly. He never did that. He liked to keep his emotions to himself. Yet, his dreams were so close, he could nearly touch them. 

Then, the youngest Hawks' son saw his ancestral home. There was a sudden  pain in his heart like a stab. Nothing about the place brought him comfort. Davian did not go down the lane. He just stopped at the grand entrance. There were two giant carved rocks. Hawks were embedded in their surface. Further in the distance, Davian could see The Hawk's Mansion, "Moranin". The age of the building was not obvious as it was in excellent repair. Six pillars lined the front porch. There was a stone step carved from marble imported from the Old World. Vines from plantings ages ago, had wrapped the whole front in green twists of thick branches. 

Davian had flashes of memories he thought buried run through his mind. It was unpleasant. A Hawks man should be much stronger. He felt a moment of doubt. It was only an instance. Gone just as quickly as it had come.  The gambler readjusted his seat in the saddle. Then he kicked the horses flanks harder than he meant to. The animal responded immediately and jumped forward. The rider and horse nearly raced away... and the home of the Hawks' was left behind. 

The road was still well taken care of even this far out. Davian slowed his horse back down to a walk. He had no idea why he had needed to rush away, but the horse had done a great job of pulling him free. As he dared to consider... It had felt like an invisible hand tried to hold him again. One he had blocked out. Of course it was all in his head, but the effect was the same real or not. 

The animal continued. The trees swayed and the breeze was cool. Davian knew Rosara was just a bit further on. He did not stop again for anything. Better to wait at Ajax's home and let the news of his return happen as it should. Word would already be traveling. In giving the man at the stables an extra $100 Davian had brazenly shouted his arrival. Word would move from mouth to mouth faster than lightning could strike. 

Finally Davian could see the second home. It was a miniature of the first in many ways. The pride and workmanship were identical. The man rode right up to the front. He got off his horse and stood there a moment. Then to his surprise, the front door opened. A pretty girl, with soft brown hair, stood there. "Sir... the Mrs., Mrs. Hawks was wondering when you would return? She sent me here ahead of time to make sure you were taken care of and well-tended." The angel smiled. 

Davian filled in the blanks as if he had received a letter directly from Lila. She knew that he would come. She knew that the family was in trouble. Perhaps she also figured out that this was her chance, their chance after all. 

Davian turned and took his bag off the saddle. Then he faced the young woman again. "Thank you." He smiled. He found he liked doing it for some reason. Normally he would have been far more guarded but this was not a table game. This was the real deal for all the money. He had to play his cards just right. He planned to win. There was no second place. "Can you send a boy to have the animal taken care of?" It was not really a question, as much as just common conversation.   

"Yes, Sir. Someone has already been sent for. They will be here in a moment or two. If you like, Sir, you can come right in, and rest." She answered. 

Lila... sweet Lila. That is the only rest Davian wished for. Yet, this was a good day, and life was already going in the right direction. 

Davian walked up the grand step to the double doors. "Thank you." He spoke, as he passed the girl at the entrance. He went inside. The place was now his. The next acquisition would be the big house... everything in it. 

What we want, and what we get, are not always the same.
What we deserve is levied upon us, in portions,
but not always in equal measure
to the weight of their significance...
or the burdens of justice made real.
Exerts from the journal of Victoria Hawks-Houston

Lila Andrews-Hawks was fully aware of the worst. The body of her daughter-in-law had been examined. The young woman had been with "child". Ajax had done well and fulfilled his commitment to the family. However she was dead. Someone was responsible. In her heart, Lila knew that was her husband, Heron. He may not have done the deed, but he let loose their son... knowing what kind of man he was. That was the same, and her blood, the young mother's blood was on him. Eric was the hand but his father was everything else. 

The plan was clear enough. Something had set Heron off, and he was going outside the lines. His attempts at greatness were always shy of his goals. There was no longer anything great about the man. As the father of the next generation; Heron must have offered the very seat as "Head of House" to their son. There was little else the evil imp wanted. Lila was aware of his failings. Eric tortured small animals as a child. It was not a healthy sign. She tried a few times to bridge the painful gap, between normal and insane with the boy. She was always let down by her progress. Over the years she finally let go. Lila figured that Ajax would be okay, and the next generation was handled. He would make a reasonably good leader. Eric would not be an issue. Her figures were wrong. That was more than a little annoying to a perfectionist. The alternatives to the main program were few. There were rules. 

The position of power was up for grabs at this point. Those that favored her marriage were in a position of shame. Those that opposed it were now made more powerful than ever. On the high side, there was a way out. She needed her daughter's child. She needed her granddaughter... Sarah. The word felt funny in her mind. Lila was beautiful and being anyone's grandmother felt ugly. Yet she would have to endure the title soon enough if she was to be; governess. 

Victoria's child had to be brought back here. The child had to be tested more intensely. If she proved out then Lila would be secure. She would keep the Andrews name and drop Hawks altogether. The pattern then would follow a matriarchal transition, at least until some other "failure" showed its ugly head. Every great family had them... They were the mistakes of over breeding. But they would never concede that it was an issue. To do that would be to break with the Pact. 

Yearly there was a meeting. There had been one, ever since she could remember. Her mother attended, and her mother's mother. They was the real power in the clan. They schemed and maneuvered people, behind the scenes in every royal court, high-hall, low-hall, and even some churches. They were religious but not Christian in their beliefs. No, they were all just going through the motions. Always adhering to the rules, and codes of the particular outlet to gain an advantage in some way. Lila was among the elite in this category. All of the female relatives were extremely long-lived. They even bear children clear into their 50's. Of course only when necessary and at great risk. But the family name was worth that or it was not? The difference was life or death... 

Lila had written a letter to her friend Galton. She often liked to work out details with the man. He was all about numbers. He was not anything like his cousin. He had better ideas. At least more workable ones, in Lila's mind. She was unclear concerning the beginnings of man, but she was positive they were not the offspring of apes. Well, then she considered Heron and smiled an ugly grin. A moment later she left that aside. No amount of convincing her... she was not going to change her position. On the other hand, "Plato's Pact"; to turn what they did have into the "best...", had problems too. 
 
Trying to create a better human should be something everyone would want. But there were dark implications. There were shades of gray, twisted ideas about every subject if one cared to look hard enough. The point was to preserve the most excellent. The problem or true argument was who decided what was the finest? Which traits were more important than others? Which traits needed to be weeded out... forever? What number of humans in a circle can you breed from, and still have a healthy outcome? Why the last fact was so important was due to its brutal nature. Perhaps "illness", gave rise to the scariest aspects of planned intervention into nature's course. The truth, and lies in this area; are best talked about with the lights dimmed. The reason? Because families that had issues, of unhealthiness especially concerning the mind; would hide them. No one liked to admit there were loose ends and an unraveling. 

Plato and all the families involved had to abide by the same rules and standards. They were made powerful, because of their station. They could be brought down for signs of holes, or oversteps. Killing your daughter-in-law, was bad enough. Doing it twice? More importantly the second victim included the next heir to House Hawks. That was the worst it could get. 

Lila sat back in her chair. She was in her room, it was safe there. Her door was locked. There was no real reason to fear Heron. He was busy trying to make sure the law was not going to take him away. That made her smile again... a bit too wide. She could not help herself. That nice young man from the city had been out a dozen times, asking questions. Heron could not just send him away, he had tried. Then the young man started bringing the second officer. Perhaps he was using him as a witness, to make sure there was someone... there beside him. Also that he himself might not disappear. Had Heron somehow threatened the boy? Maybe. He was getting shorter of temper with each days passing. Lila had heard rumors and whispers all around the mansion. The unseen that walked about doing things for the elite were busy, but they were also... listening. Lila made sure she remembered that all the time. She made sure "they" were never anywhere she was... alone. 

NTS (note to self)
Mother is superstitious.
How can that be?
Written in the margin of Victoria's Journal

Upon receiving the information regarding the demise of Elizabeth Hawks... through her own sources... Lila had contacted the Securers. They were a private group, similar to the Pinkerton's. They had just been around a whole lot longer and were far more efficient at working in the shadows. Their services were assured to be professional, and discreet. She had arranged for a meeting. That had happened yesterday. It had only taken ten minutes. The company had sent their best man. 

The Securers sent William Parker of the Parker family. Their family and the Andrews also had connections... way back. The circumstances were clear enough. Family laundry was never to be aired. The company and all the right people that mattered were being moved to action. The payment would be high, and success would be necessary. There would be no limitations in the boundaries of how things were "accomplished". In essence, the murder of one, that led to the next, canceled each other out. At least in the minds of those that kept score. After that, everything could and would... just disappear. 

William, or rather Bill Parker was a generally good-natured man. Being in his business was more of a family tradition than a choice. But the man was very good at his job. He had been trained by the elites. While most high families sent their children to the "Point", he had sent him back to the Old Country. He had been required to learn the important skills that were not taught here. He could kill a man in eighty different ways, while simply sitting across from them. Well, that might be an exaggeration, by ten or twenty. You get the idea. With or without a common weapon, the man was dangerous with his feet, his hands, and especially his head. He liked traps and crazy stuff. He wanted to flirt with bad ideas, as that made his job interesting. It was after all the only part he truly enjoyed. 

William Parker was sent to find Sarah Andrews-Hawks-Houston. The wheels were in motion. The cart was moving forward, and Lila felt she was making serious progress. Ajax was doing the same thing as she had pushed him in that direction, but her faith in him was flawed at best.

This was a new day. Lila sat a bit further back in her comfortable chair. The maid had come and gone, but left a full pot of coffee in her passing on the table. Lila poured herself a cup. She loved the flavor and richness of the brew. Some put milk into the liquid. The woman thought that silly. "Why ruin a good thing?" the woman whispered. No one was in the room. No one heard. 

 A nagging idea was fleeting about like a wild bird let loose in her brain. The body of the beast only a fragment of maybe's Lila could not control. It kept her from relaxing. It was like something she had nearly forgotten, now barely on the edge of her awareness. Lila remembered everything. It was a talent. So what "it" really was, seemed hard to grasp. The emotion in her gut however was the same. It was an itch that could not be scratched, and she tried to focus on an answer. Lila sighed heavily. 

Downstairs... Heron was angry. He was in the library planning his defense maybe, or more likely where he planned to put the rest of the bodies. It could still go that way if he had enough people on his side. Lila hoped that nice Investigator Seren James stayed alive. She kind of liked him. His parents were good people, from Ireland. They had worked hard and raised a good son. Lila was not altogether about the "good" part, as much as the justice part. He would be hard to buy off. That made him exceptionally important to his position. 

Lila was not stupid. The "Plan" was not the only way. Ajax had tried to explain that to her several times. He had a crazy notion that some people were just gifted and that was enough. They had discussed it more than once. Her son's point of view was annoying. That was his major weakness, her son had too much empathy. That also made him easily manipulated. The upside that is; if Ajax had been able to have the child with Elizabeth he would have been free. His obligations would have been completed and the name Hawks' would have passed as it was meant too. Now? The story was much deeper, more complex, and full of darkness. 

Ajax would be challenged by this event. He would know it was his father's order. If Ajax returned would he do something about it, or let it go as before? The outcome of that said much, and his running off and leaving Elizabeth now... says and said... the rest. At least for Lila. 

On the subject of gifts however, until now Lila had not listened. But... 

While the family drew closer together as if someone had sent invitations to a party, Sarah sat beside the water of the flowing river talking with friends. Chilly and Pepper had become visitors to the edge often. They fished and told stories. The braves did not find the old man of any interest. The young women would sometimes walk by and laugh or giggle at him. He would smile, a very happy smile to see such beauties. Chilly called them ladybugs and pretty birds. No one spoke his language, however, except Sarah. She did so perfectly without any sign of accent. She also spoke the People's tongue flawlessly. Aponi would pass on Chilly's funny words and sayings. The girls would again laugh in response and pay the old man no mind.

Aponi was sitting on a rock next to the water. She had a somewhat short line dangled at the end of a branch. It had a homemade hook on the end, and was just below the water level. She was singing too, or so it seemed. She was using a low methodical hum followed by clicking sounds through her teeth. It was subtle and rhythmic. A moment later her hook was taken and the branch she had used for a rod bent at an odd angle. Aponi pulled for all she was worth. The short line snagged and grabbed the swimming fish right out of the water to fly across the space of more than six feet. It hit Chilly right in the back of the head by accident. 

The mule standing nearby made a funny snort... laughter?

"I am so sorry, Chilly." Sarah cried out. The man had been busy putting away her last catch and not ready for the next. She had been very successful this day. 

He laughed hardily and asked, "How are you doing that?"

"I was just telling them to get on the hook." the girl replied. She smiled wide. Was she kidding or not? That was hard to tell. She did a lot of odd stuff. Chilly had learned the medicine man's daughter could count and figure. Aponi also knew all the names of the stars in the sky, all the old testament and the new... King James Version. The list went on beyond that but Chilly was already more than awed.  
The best part, Aponi was a good friend. 

Aponi was fluent in three languages not county two or three Indian dialects. Since she had been with her new family, Tall Feather had taught her the use and purpose of every weed, and seed that could be found. He trained her all about healing and the ways of nature. He also qualified her to ride a horse. Some in camp did not like this. But Tall Feather had no son, and Aponi was sharp. The horses came right to her, even the wild ones. That made Tall Feather proud. He had picked well. 

Dove had watched as Aponi leaped up and raced inland. The fish that followed at the end of her pole appeared looked like a bird. It sailed effortlessly across the small clearing to whack the old man. When it hit Chilly she could not contain her self. Dove burst into open laughter too. Her sides ached before it was over. The merriment was contagious and all were laughing before the end. 

Living with the People was the best of day's.
Exert from the journal of Sarah Houston,
known among the braves as Aponi the "Talker".
The name refers to her ability to speak with animals.

Once Davian had left Independence the three remaining men went to work. They had a task, each with a goal, not all the same as the rest. Pollen kind of felt sorry for Ajax. But there was nothing for it. To tell him that his wife was dead, would only make the man, less than worthless. At least this way, he could still serve the house, which after all was the most important thing in life. 

As for being around Eric, no one was happy. 
 
Ajax was going to arrange for the room he had used to continue to be paid for here in Independence. He liked having a home away from home, ready. But Davian had changed his mind. Instead, his uncle told him about the second floor of the Saloon. He had also told him of the woman there, waiting. After that at least their accommodations in town were handled.  

Ajax was unsure of how often he would need to return, up and or down the trail, before he achieved success. As for Davian as always it was just part of his routine. In truth, it was a symptom of his heart's sickness. 

May Flower was safe here in Independence. That is as long as she abided by Davian's contract. Ajax had met her briefly and found he liked the woman. He wanted to know a bit more about the "arrangement" but she would not discuss the matter. The only clear part was that Ajax and his men could come and go as they liked. Their rooms would always be ready and waiting. She would say no more. So Ajax left her alone.

The three men Ajax, Eric, and Pollen left The High Hand Saloon. They had stayed there after Davian left and rested overnight. Now was the time to move forward. Ajax had handled all the loose ends. He had new clothes and gear sent over from the mercantile. He had equipment and even guns added to the mix. They would be on the road a long time. 

It was just after dawn. The men ate quickly. No one was talkative. No one said goodbye even to May. Ajax was going to say something, but the girl just seemed to cry to easily. Davian's having left as he did had unsettled her completely. If Ajax did not know better he would have thought the young woman was truly in love with is Uncle. Then they went straight to the stables. Horses were loaded and waiting for their riders. The owner of the livery had handled every detail. 

They had already talked, maybe too much. Truth comes out if you speak often enough about anything, even if you do not intend "it" to. Pollen was sure Ajax would have figured things out if not for being so focused elsewhere. Maybe that was a saving point to the mission. Otherwise blood would already be upon the ground. Pollen figured Ajax would win in a one on one battle if it came to that, but he never underestimated any opponent. Then there was the fact the two men obviously hated each other. Ajax tried to listen to Eric, but he could barely stand being around him. So he was blinded by his own inner hate. 

The road to be traveled was the path to Santa Fe. Why take that route? Finding a family somewhere along the course from here to California, Oregon, or ? was not going t be easy. But their only lead was Mike Frost. The mercantile had said, he had gone that way before. It was likely the way he would go again. If that did not work, they would keep looking. They would never stop, as Ajax knew to go home was to admit defeat. As long as he was busy Elizabeth was safe. As for Eric, he just went along. He figured sooner or later his brother would make a bad mistake, and an opening would be made, "available". At that time the game would change and the field of possibilities would alter, and adjust. He would modify his actions accordingly.  He could always deal with the old Indian anytime. Stupid man; was useful for now or at least Eric felt as much.  

Pollen road out with the two men. He had faced good and bad in the future of tomorrow. But at the moment, he found he only wanted to go home. A nice cup of strong tea and a game of chess would go a long way in healing his insides. 

 18) Lessons about life on the range...

Their first stop would be Santa Fe. It was just over 800 miles away. They were not taking a stage or a wagon. They were not even getting on a train at any point. They were mounted. The physical effort of travel would be demanding from this point on. This task would test them all. 

Pollen figured the trip was going to separate the men from the boys. He was sure he would not return alone, but which hand would he be holding in the end? Maybe neither, if they proved not worth the saving. His goal was still, now..., and always, from this point forward to be; the little girl.  

Mike Frost was a busy guy. Ajax had learned quite a bit in a short "period-of-time.", about the man. None of it was particularly advantageous news to their needs. But there were clues. The wagon master had a reputation, and not a good one. It was passed around word of mouth; that he was far more than harsh. The two-faced villain was a claim jumper of the "human" kind. He ran his victims hard, and tried to make them quit on purpose. If Frost worked at it, he was successful more often than not. The plan was then repeated. Each time he would keep their money, and abandon his charges. Oh, Frost had plenty of just cause. Everything from sickness to Indian attacks he used for an excuse. So no one was able to prove any wrong on his part directly. There was never much evidence left behind, if any. People on the whole did not listen, they just lined back up. They were still willing to go... off into the wilderness with the man. The number of pilgrims desperate for a new life was astounding. What they would do to obtain their goal, was questionable, even eyebrow-raising. History would mark this time as a historic race toward the future, a time of progress in the nation. From sea to shining sea was not out of the question. It was more than likely foreseeable. Fortunes were to be found in rare metals. The land was free for those that could take it, and hold it. Forces of good, and evil were spreading and civilization was coming. 

Luck was in their favor as a wagon train was also leaving that very day. It was later in the year, but the group was taking the southern route. That fit; Ajax's needs perfectly. They did not exactly sign on as "help", but to be part of the train, was part of the deal. As they were all, "men without wagons" meaning they had no families with them, they were set to guard, to watch, to help with animals, and to be part of the everyday life of others. It was humbling and annoying, depending on which one of the Hawks' men you happen to be speaking with at the time. Pollen went along, simply watching his charges. They were entertaining. They were rats, set loose in an unplanned but much larger experiment. 

Their small misfit band became part of the train. It had left Independence behind and traveled less than ten miles before stopping for the night. That was a pretty good start considering. This wagon group had families, and they needed to get out of the fray quickly... the busy, and dangerous frontier land was harder on some than the wilderness herself. The master of this outfit; George Strait. A good man that had good intentions, not like some, offering the same services. He had been to Santa Fe and back many times. Not always with people in tow, but that was a good thing. He knew the country, the animals as well as the Indians. He was aware of every danger on the trail. In his experience it had been those he brought with him, rather than those he came across that brought the real trouble.

Strait was a middle-sized man at 5'8". He walked all of 6'6" tall however. No one questioned him and that is the way he liked it. At least when it came to the trail. He had blonde hair. It was cropped short, and created with a somewhat sharp knife and a little spare time. Not from a barber for sure. The end product gave the man a kind of wild look to match the countryside. He had a thick accent too. He was a little hard to understand until you got kind of used to his words. The man had speech, issues. No one said anything if he stuttered now and then however. They did not want to be left behind or worse. It mostly only happened when he was around women. Strait had a temper too. It was best not to cross the man, or get him too riled up. 

Strait had met and struck a deal with Pollen. The Egyptian and his two men would ride, and scout for the wagon train. They would also be needed used for the small, "extra" chores. This left a lot of open possibilities not discussed at all. Regardless, Pollen had readily agreed. It was safer to travel as part of the train of families than on their own. Work was not an issue for him. Pollen had done it all his life. The same could be said for Ajax. He was happy to help. Eric, however, true to form was an issue, from the beginning. But after a bit of pressure and the right words in the right order Eric complied.  

One night, Eric and Ajax had been posted together on the line. Strait wanted a watch set, every night. The man was all about the safety of those in his charge. There were a handful of other helpers besides them. Straight liked to pick up stragglers to help with protecting the passing of the families. They were used as fodder, when necessary. Anything to keep, the others alive. He also kept a whole wagon of trading goods. He had made a few friends along the trail. That was a solid reason, his people made it, while others did not. 

The air was nice, not too cold tonight. It would drop into the '40s. But spring was in the air... sweet-smelling. They would all be wishing it would stay cool soon. There were rough deserts ahead. There were hills, valleys, and mountains. How were they ever going to find one girl? Ajax pondered that often. Yet, he would not give up. When he had left home he had no idea how to complete his plan.  It was only a guess that Davian might help. He had no real idea the man would not only assist him but try to save his wife. So if he had to go on a goose chase he would do it willingly. Ajax would make himself believe that every day he was gone, was one more day that Elizabeth lived on. Davian had promised. He held that promise like it was tangibly real, something he could touch... as he could once touch his pretty wife. She was so gentle and listened. She always listened. Now there was no one to talk to. No one to pass the hours of emptiness. 

Eric squabbled a bit, trying to make Pollen take his turn the first night, serving on post-duty. But it did not work. It had never worked since either. The Egyptian simply ignored the younger, rich man. When the wagon master walked by about the same time, Eric figured he had no choice. Strait did not put up with "discontent". That had already been discussed in detail earlier... before they joined the train. Eric did not want to be bounced out. So he gathered his gear and walked off, to his assigned placement. 

Pollen simply nodded toward Mr. Straight, an acknowledgment of his authority. Pollen was rather used to that. He knew how to handle people. He had been doing it forever. 

Ajax pulled his nice, fully lined coat a bit tighter around himself. Maybe it was going to be closer to 30 degrees before dawn? That was a little below freezing. Days were hot, real hot... nights never. 

Ajax had done a bit of this, sitting... guarding... watching... at the Point. The moon overhead was nearly full. There were soft clouds drifting by; blocking its glow out sometimes, but letting it reign free at others. The land was fairly flat here. It made for a wider field of vision with fewer things to get in the way. It had been that same topography since they had left Independence. The topography had allowed for excellent travel. The going..., had been good. The noises of the camp had slowly become lower and lower as the evening progressed. People were resting for tomorrow. They would not get off light again. The group had not gone as far as they would normally. From here out they would be pushed.  

Some part of the young man felt better inside. Ajax liked the trail life, as it demanded from him things that he could give. He was made to follow directions. He was counted on, but not for his bloodline, but the speed of his gun. The sure aim of his arm was an asset. Ajax had good eyes to see and was fairly fast at nearly everything when pushed into battle. Ajax never hesitated. The line between life and death was much clearer than before since he had found God. It gave him courage, he had never known. Yet, it would not stop him. When chance provided; he would not turn the cheek. No. Ajax was "long of memory", an eye for an eye kind of guy. When the time came, if fate provided, he would do what was necessary. What he felt..., or rather the man, the husband,  felt...,  was the right thing to do to dole out true justice. That is how Ajax managed the turmoil in his head. Some day his father would be held accountable for Hannah. She was not forgotten. But for now, keeping Elizabeth alive was fulfilling. It was worth living each day to the fullest, just for that! 

My wife..., My life...!
Empty lines unwritten hopes.
I wish you were here, missing me.
Instead, I am and you are not.
Heavens close to the water and far from the sea.
The Lord is in my heart, and that is the way it must be.
 Every day "He" helps me get through to the next.
I will not stagger or fall.
I will never crawl.
You would be angry if I let that happen.
"He" has told me so.
So instead I move and go.
 Empty souls to be taken down from their mighty pedestal.
To be penned upon and the shared fate with others that call me brother.
Justice to be given to those  that call me friend.
 I miss you, but I will see you, again!
Beth, sweet flower... not of the hour, but... of the whole of my life,... eternity!
 The personal journal of Ajax Hercules Hawks

Ajax sat happily staring back toward the way they had come. East. He was not far out of the main wagon ring. The man was on the perimeter by a couple-dozen yards, close enough for him to call out in any event, good or bad. The Hawks man liked the aloneness of the assignment. He had found a perfect area to rest his back against a rock and his eyes... forward into the night. At least he was not going to be snuck up on by a "hoot". That made him smile a little. "Hoot" was what his friend Max called an ambusher. It had been a story from way back at West Point. They were talking about "strategies" for war games in class. They had been at it for hours. The latter part of the conversation concerning betrayal, and political governments having agendas. Max finally summed it all up in one simple saying. "Never to trust a hoot". Later pressed for a bit more on the subject, Max told him the following; "A hoot always led to holler and that meant trouble!" What a silly story. It just stuck in Ajax's head. His ample education had never included such off-the-wall colloquial sayings. The jargon that made everyday language full of additional values, given and taken from was worth writing down. Ajax had always kept a journal and did so even now. He had purchased a brand new one from the mercantile along with the other goods. The Hawks' man had been so happy to find the store owner carried such items. Shockingly he was further informed that many other people bought them. That had made Ajax somehow feel a bit less awkward. The exact gut reaction was more like embarrassment or even shame. Ajax never shared his secrets. Hannah paid the price last time, and he would never let it happen again. 

Ajax continued staring into the darkness. It was nearly straight up midnight already. He was to continue his post until dawn. Tomorrow was going to be an extra-long ride for Ajax. He planned to fall asleep in the saddle, tied to it if he had to be. Regardless this time of night, this aloneness  was worth it.  

Steps coming this way and verbal complaints as well. The sound grew a louder. Eric Hawks walked into view. He nodded over at his brother to let him know he was there. Not really because he wanted to say good evening or anything even remotely like that. No. He just did not want to be shot by mistake. Eric was supposed to be here much earlier but was not. He had both first, and second shifts. Eric was late of course but no one had caught the oversight. Ajax had been watching the whole time so nothing bad had happened. If all the nights went this well, they would be in Santa Fe before long. Perhaps that was wishful thinking but Ajax did not care. He felt free. 

Eric walked on down the path, and into the brush further away. He relieved himself there. Then he straightened back up and stepped out again into full view. Eric sauntered back toward Ajax as if on a promenade along a fancy walkway. He ambled over to a position... his position that he picked to guard from... just off the path. Eric was now somewhat opposite his brother. Ajax was still a good twenty feet away. That was close enough to be useful, and far enough to not annoy Eric too badly.  

Ajax was the responsible man. Eric figured if he fell asleep, his thick-headed brother would make a lot of noise if something happened. That would wake him right back up. This was a good post. Eric thought if all the stupid, cold, uncomfortable nights went this well, they would be in Santa Fe before long. 

The sky above continued an off, and on checkerboard game between the clouds and the moon. Sometimes the landscape was lit up near as bright as day, while at others times the night was dark to the point of pitch. Ajax let his mind wander. How long would this take? All Ajax had was a few rumors about a man named Michael Frost. None of the facts bode well for finding Max, and his daughter.  

Ajax had received a note written by his little sister, a short one after Victoria died. All it read was, "A new life..., to bear through the old." What had she meant? It was a puzzle.

At the Point, Max and Ajax had talked about going west. They even haphazardly made plans that Ajax never put much stock in until now. If he could find Max, he might have a chance. His friend was a kind man, and he would understand the needs of their family. If Max did not then Ajax would convince him harder. But Ajax would succeed and bring him back, the man and Sarah. If he could only find Sarah?

Not far behind the three was Lila's man, William Parker. He had already gained the same information as they had acquired, back in Independence. The company man had been given everything he needed by a Watcher. They were the people that worked in the background of the Plato elites. They were the historians, and the keepers of records, and numbers. They moved in and out of the picture, like the shadow people that moved props around on a stage. At times like these they worked closely with the Securers, or more aptly named; the "Dogs". It was a reference to the giant wolves back in the Old Country.

The hunter figured that Santa Fe was the best place to start. Mike Frost seemed to have a real racket as there were complaints, more than a few. If he were to be found, the man was probably still out on a trail. Depending on which end of the path was closest to civilization was likely his final destination for any trip. Since Parker was now in Independence; Santa Fe was likely. There were other routes out. Yet, most if not all comments had been associated with the southern trail. But since the law out here was a bit sketchy no one listened too hard. There was no way to catch a man that moved like smoke unless you had time to find the fire itself. William Parker had nothing but time, and he liked his job. 

The military was working on a few outposts-trading places between here and Santa Fe also. The Indians were not happy with the number of people crossing their land. Hunters were taking food from the mouths of their families. Pilgrims were stepping on the rights of others, with no regard as naivety was closely associated with innocence. Nothing was solid as yet, as far as Parker was aware. The very fact that there were turnaround points along the trail made Santa Fe an excellent choice too. Maybe there would be news sooner than the final destination that would change his goal. If Max Houston was to be found, along with his daughter Sarah, Parker would handle it.  

That was only part of his orders. Parker had to find and convince Ajax Hawks to return. It was a family mess as far as the hired man cared to consider. Not any of this his direct concern. It was only business. 

Bill Parker arrived by stage in Independence early in the afternoon. He quickly found his "personal" rig already prepared at the Livery. A nice horse and high-dollar saddle had been purchased. It was now at his disposal. Not the most expensive as that would draw attention. But everything, all the rest of his gear was top grade. There was a line of useful people employed by the Dogs and this was their doing. They expected his arrival and made sure Parker's needs were met before they were required. 

Having made sure he could leave any time, Parker went back out into the street. It was busy. People were going in all directions. Some were on normal business for their day, but most were preparing to leave... westward. 

Parker was hungry. There was a steak house near by. William heard his own stomach growl loudly. Normally he would have left immediately and not slowed for anything. But... he found he could not pass up the opportunity to eat well, when it was so close at hand. The road never offered such luxuries. Parker was well paid so he went to the best restaurant on purpose.  The name of the place, was Bonnie Lee's Cafe".  

Once inside no one really noticed the man. Bill blended right in with the dust of the road. That was a blessing in his line of work. The waitress took his order and brought his food fairly quickly. Bill ate in silence and watched the comings and goings of the other clientele. The price of the meal was not cheap by any means. That did not bother him, as of course he could pay. However it showed how much supplies for anything could add up quickly. He finished his meal and put his knife and fork down on the metal plate. The girl came by once more, but she simply filled his cup full of fresh coffee and retrieved his dishes. He thought about desert, a piece of pie maybe? Then he shoved the idea aside. There was no pushing off the inevitable. 

After his meal, Parker made a short circuit around town. He went to all the places one might find information... helpful to his goal. Then Parker ended up back at the livery. It would have been nice to hold up in a fancy hotel for a day or two, but time was already running out. William passed the owner as he walked inside the barnlike building. They nodded to each other. That was all. Parker stepped up to the dark brown mare he knew was now his. He put his foot in the stirrup. "Gentle girl. We are going to be good friends." He whispered. Easy as pie and twice as nice, he was mounted.

 It was late in the day and maybe he should stay in town... but no. William felt that he had better keep moving. He was told by one mercantile owner's that there had been a supply train that had left earlier today. They would be just ahead of him on the trail. The man thought it was always better to ride along with the sheep in a group. That is, until he could find the animal he really wanted. The hunt had begun. 

The ride was not the worst he had been on, it was quite pleasant. The land was fairly flat at this point. William did not hurry as he would catch them. He knew the group ahead were probably resting and  sleeping now. That was the way of wagons dragging along all day until late evening. Normally they would then camp and regroup. He would meet up with the wagon master and make himself useful.

It was not hard to trace the passing of the wagon train. They were side by side at least some of them. There were horses and oxen both. The latter of the two was not fast at all, they were strong. As long as they had plenty of water that was great. But when the water was low, the beasts were harder to handle or downright crazy. It was a risk, but a calculated one. 

This particular wagon train had supplies for several posts further along the trail. That meant there were several very heavy loads. That would slow them down, and make them more valuable for thieves. There were also wagons with families included, but not as many. There were other routes,  but each one offered different prizes at the end. Most wanted new lives but had no idea how to get to them. Taking a chance, putting all their belongings into a rolling wood container, was brave indeed. The high risk of loss, in any case, was incredible. But still, people of all shapes, colors, and religions... for every reason that could be thought up... were moving west. 

Tired, but still more than able to ride, Parker could finally see the camp up ahead. He continued forward slowly. He did not want to alarm the guards. There would be someone posted. 

Ajax had been gazing at the Milky Way and wondering how far away it really was? The concept of such distances were a conversation for poets and scientists together, to come up with the right answer. Then he noticed the rider. He stood up slowly, quietly. Then he called out, "Hail. Stop there!"

Parker stopped his horse. 

"Speak your name and your business." Ajax continued. 

"William Parker. I would like to talk to the trainmaster." His reply was flat. 

"Eric, go get the boss," Ajax called out to his brother. There was no answer. "Eric! Wake up!"

Eric pulled himself back from quiet slumber into the reality of the moment. His thoughts were confused and twisted. 

"Eric... Get up and go. Now! Get the train boss." Ajax did not raise his voice further, no. He just made it deeper, and stronger. It held a lot more power of authority than Ajax knew he possessed. 

Eric snapped back to the moment. He got up from the ground and moved to comply. He was not happy, but made no open remarks.

Ajax stepped out... from his hiding place, to be a little closer to the man on the horse. He held his rifle in his hands but did not point it at anyone. Instead, he had it focused on the ground. The younger man did not get a bad feeling, of any kind. Instead, Ajax was just doing his job. 

"You look familiar." Parker smiled in the dark. He was a truly lucky man. Ajax Hawks was right in front of him. He was on the right track at least at this point. Should he acknowledge him? Maybe... Not yet. There was power in information, and holding his cards close to the vest, was better. 

"I have never seen you," Ajax replied. 
 
"I must be mistaken. Let's be friends anyway. My name is William Parker. You can call me Bill." Better to be sociable if he was going to be part of the train. There was after all safety in a larger group. Most bandits would not bother a large train. They would be looking for better, easier targets. The Indians were the same way. They seldom attacked larger groups. It was not their way, generally. Many Indians even traded with the train at times. But that was changing. The Indians were rising up... slowly and realizing they were being consumed by invaders. 

Mr. Straight interrupted the conversation. He was a busy man that rarely slept. Ajax had a lot of respect for him. He had earned his position, unlike so many others Ajax knew personally, that did not. Eric had found him at the main campfire. The man had put everything aside and had come immediately. "What's your business?" He spoke as he walked up... at the same time. 

"Sir. I would like to join the train. I have to get to Santa Fe." 

Mr. Strait looked him over in the moonlight. He liked what he saw, at least on the surface. William Parker was caring a nice repeating rifle, resting in a leather holster on his saddle. He also wore a set of pistols on his hips. They did not look cheap. The man was ready to do damage one way or the other. Straight could always use an extra gun, shooting away from camp. Just to say, that he had been double-crossed before. But this man did not have that kind of look. He had the smell of law. Straight did not press him. If he were a marshal or other legal individual it did not matter to the trainman. It just made it a bit better to have the extra man generally. 

"No pay. You can ride along, you can be one of the boys. But like the rest, you are going to do your part. You get grub from the chow wagon, and what you need only. Understand?" Strait spoke with authority. 

"Clear enough." The man replied. "Thank you." He nodded his head in the man's direction. 

"You can start now. Stand guard with Ajax here." Strait continued. 

"Sounds fine." Bill proceeded to get down from his horse. Standing beside it, he waited to make sure the trainman was done speaking. 

"We can talk more tomorrow." Strait turned around and went back into the main camp. 

Bill watched him go, as did Ajax. The two men then turned toward each other and nodded. They had been given an assignment and there was nothing left to do but follow instructions. Bill moved his horse closer to camp and tied her up. He took off her saddle and made ready for the night. Then he returned. Ajax was in the same place as before. 

"Where do you need me?" The man asked. 

"Anywhere you like. We are keeping the camp safe. It is a job, worth doing." Ajax replied. 

Bill moved over about ten or so feet and sat down. He was tired, but sleep was not his. He was wired up. He had been very successful so far. By chance, he was in the same wagon train now as the Hawks' boys. What did he know about them? Lila had said a few things. Ajax had left, and his wife was dead. There was no sense in passing that on to the man beside him. It would make him worthless... Eric Hawks was here too. It had been reported to Bill. That was a real shocker as he was a homebody for sure. Eric on a horse? Eric bearing a hardship, not just for a few minutes but for days, weeks, and more... Eric had a reputation and this was counter to all of it. Lila had also told him that Pollen would be close by. He would be somewhere near the boys, doing what he always did... helping them? Or watching them? Or even testing them? The Dogs knew about the Plato Pact. Maybe not all the ins and outs of it, but they were aware. They had worked closely with the group forever. 

Ajax was not talkative. Bill tried once or twice and then gave up. 

Ajax returned to his thoughts of Hannah. It kept him from going crazy in the loneliness of his new life.  

Eric slipped away and found a better spot... to sleep.  

 19) Words, Deeds... and Wills

Lila Andrews, dreaming... she was not Lila Hawks' at all..., as she sat in her room, her sanctuary from the outside. It was huge, twice the size of anything remotely similar. It was well fit for a queen in any financially secure nation. Part of the square footage was her personal quarters, and then there was a sitting room as well. There were also bookshelves full of signed first editions, where there was room between the windows. Fine porcelain flowers, and other little things of quality were on the tables here, and there. There were many lovely artsy bobbles, all about the room. There was a full terrace and a double door walk-out on one side. There were climbing roses along the rail. The original vines; were planted from the first day the house had been put under construction. The garden and the grounds were nearly as important as the house, herself. Now they, the roses were monsters, and the smell was strong all spring, summer, and fall. Only in the dead of winter were the giant vines bare. 

The woman had news and had it still, tangibly in her hand. The paper had been delivered directly after its receipt. A servant came and went. It had been Lacey herself. She was very discrete. Lila would remember that when it was time to reward the house caretakers. So far she had done a nice job as Pollen's replacement. Was that going to be permanent? Maybe. 

It had all happened a few hours ago, just after dawn. There was a soft knock on Lila's bedroom door. Lacey came in holding a single candle and a silver tray. On the tray was the letter to Lila. She had accepted the gift or curse...? and then the maid left the room. Quietly the same way she had come. Already awake, Lila unsealed the envelope and peered at the page in the dim light of dawn. It was from Davian. Lila's emotions had been so wild that she dared not leave the four walls of her safe, haven. "What to do next?", not even among the top ten questions already plaguing her mind. There were indeed... many. 

Ajax was looking for Sarah. That was good. The note was clear on that point. He would be successful, and he was the right man for the job. Lila thought not for the first or last time that Ajax may not be the best Head of House material. His heart betrayed him too often. He had loyalty and honor. The traits were not particularly high on the main list of desired attributes but they were there somewhere. If any cared to look. Few did. 

Did he know about Elizabeth? No. The letter was again clear; that fact had not been conveyed to Ajax. Lila silently agreed, it had been a good move to let it go. Nothing could be accomplished in favor of the outcome by damaging assets. 

Who killed Elizabeth? That was easy enough to figure. Heron did it. The part of her husband that was Alexander would never have stooped so low. No... it was Heron, the bird... picking at soars. Sadly they were even self-inflicted in their making. Why did she consider the two as one and the one as two? Mental illness was not unknown at all to mighty families, it was even a bobble among the colorful treasures found in the box in a rich man's house. No one liked it, no one wanted to wear it, but that did not make it less pronounced. Occasionally it shone, even if left... out of the main light. 

Heron Hawks was working to cover his trail. But that was going to be much harder than the last time. You can do a thing once... and call it an accident, or a tragedy. Do it twice, and no matter what amount of salve or bandage you placed upon the soar, it seeps, and leaks. The terrible, hands-on act was probably done by "his", "not their son", Eric. Lila refused to claim Heron's issue at this point. The water was getting deep and heating up. 

Heron had not left the house, that was his point of safety. He would call upon Lila herself to witness for him. The question now in her mind is, would she do that? If she did or was forced in some manner... to speak, even if it were the truth... she would make sure her testimony had little or no effect. Heron should face the crime and do the time. It would be a hardship on the family name, but the Hawks' had weathered worse. Lila had already moved to the next step. The upside is that Ajax was still to be the heir at this point. If he ended up serving, even after all that happened... he could be controlled. That was okay too. Yet, Lila pinned her hopes on Sarah. If she were half as talented as her own daughter, there was more material there than needed. That was true at least to impress the Plato followers. They would arrange a good marriage for Sarah and the Andrews' name would be solid. If it included the Hawks' it would not be looked down upon. Every so many generations there were always a bump or two in the road. To move forward a person simply had to go around them, and/or find a better path. 

Lila noted that her hand was shaking. She, thought to ring the bell, and have food brought in? Lacey would bring it quickly. But no! Lila was not hungry. She was not cold. She was, excited... fearful... and energized. The paper... had his name. He had returned. He was close by. "Davian." She whispered. "Davian." She stared out the window and daydreamed, as she did when she was just a girl. "What do you think of our son?" The words were spoken out loud. They were to no one, just the empty room. She had never told Davian to his face exactly. He knew. He must have guessed... at least. 

One indiscretion. One night of passion. It had changed her heart forever. But it did not stop Lila from going through with her marriage. It simply helped her face what would happen next. Of course, the baby came along at just the right time, as she had calculated. No one ever asked about a thing. No one ever would consider there were secrets, best left in the dark. Would Davian have stayed if he knew for sure? If she had left... no doubt? What would have happened? It would have been breaking all the rules and messing up the lines. But having done... what she had allowed "to happen",... even in secret did not seem so bad. No one was aware. But in truth, anyone that cared to look closely at her two sons would be able to guess. A person would have to be plain stupid not to see. The Hawks' boys were like, night and day. 

The nice investigator, what was his name? Oh yes... Seren James of the James family. He was a good man by general standards for sure. His family had a long line of law enforcers. That was the problem. Seren would have pride issues embedded into his very being from early on. Lila knew. He would not be easily bought if at all. The sad part is that if the young man did not succumb to the gentle forces of persuasion he would likely meet with a fatal accident. The problem again, that had been the course of action before, perhaps too many times in Heron's rule. But a little more "time" would answer that. The point between Heron's being in command of himself, and the other half... breaking under pressure was not far off. Seren had made it clear as if he had read it from a law book. "Those that plan a murder or help in its preparation or arrangement in any way, were equally guilty." That had been the echo of his last visit. The man was a dog. That made Lila smile. The Securers were Dogs. Maybe he would make a good recruit? That thought gave Lila an idea. But she would have to wait and see what happened first with the current problems. 

Lacey had mentioned yesterday that Mr. James, or rather the investigator... "first-class" would be returning in a day or so. There was no easy way to tell him to leave, except to kill him. So Mr. Hawks had instructed the staff to kept letting him in. It was like watching the story Lila read recently play itself out. The name of that; is The "Tell-Tale Heart". It was an eerie story with a perfect ending. Lila felt she was watching it all work its way through right in front of her now. She loved Edgar Allan Poe. It had been a luxury to read his fiction. Some in the family might have frowned at her indulgence in literature. Nonsense was after all addictive, nearly as much so as any drug. But she had let herself sample a short poem or two, and fallen into the darkness thereafter... willingly.

The woman unfolded the letter again. Lila liked to read and re-read it. It was handwritten by Davian. A physical sigh escaped her, that had been held in for a very long time. It was a relief, a hope... that there was still, something there. The paper, he had held it in his hand was now in hers. It was like touching a piece of Davian from a distance. There were not just the usual script written, there were additional symbols on the page. There was a second message hidden in the margins. The younger Hawks' brother was here for her. He had found an opening and returned to take his chance to claim the prize. Her response would lead to greater issues in the family, but she found she readily entertained the idea. It would be everything she ever dreamed of... if she cared to dream again. 

You are the winter of my life.
I claim you not out of fear of death, but fear of living.
It is cold in my heart, but you warm it.
My soul... is snowbound. Your breath... is the spring of my tomorrow.
Lila Andrews-Hawks, in secret to no one but the walls.

Lila lay back in the big chair. She let her eyes close peacefully and drifted off to sleep. She had no concerns at the moment. The wheels of the future were rolling over the past, heading to a new life, and an untold future. But it was not bad, no. Lila felt for the first time in years there was more good things coming her way. She might even be happy soon. 

The nightmares seeped in nearly immediately. A flash in her head, a perfect reminiscence... somehow tainted by dull wits and pieces of forgotten emotions. Lila was back in the room at the bottom of the stair. It was a place used for meetings. A place used to interrogate and belittle individuals by design. 

Lila saw herself talking with Victoria. She was viewing Sarah... there for the first time. They had been called to the house for this reason. The little girl was young. The memory was not real, but it felt like yesterday in the woman's mind. Things were all wrong however. Her daughter's face looked warped and somewhat melted. Lila remembered that Victoria had died since that meeting. It had been a sickness. "Was Victoria flawed?" Lila heard her self ask. 

But the sight, the twisted sad features of Victoria, made Lila actually hurt inside. She wanted to scream out loud when she saw her daughter's visage close up, but could not. Instead, she heard herself yelling at the woman to take Sarah away. "Get her out! Do you understand me. Remove her now!" Lila ordered. Victoria had complied. She had gathered Sarah up and left immediately. 

Lila thought back as to why she was so upset that day? Perhaps it had to do with the "knowing". Lila had looked at Sarah Houston and realized it was the end of her own family. How she got such a bad notion in one meeting; the very rich, very smart, long-lived woman could not say. But Lila's guts rarely lied to her. 

Sarah had done nothing. She had been perfect. She had listened and spoken only when asked a question. Perhaps Lila should have tested her then more fully, but she figured it would be a moot issue. There were already two sons to the Hawks' name. 

The young girl had the look, her eyes. They were green as jade in the dimly lit room. The ambiance was set that way on purpose to give the "guests" an unwelcome, of a specific kind. It put them in their place, right away. Everything was subliminal and controlled. That was the family way. Sarah's eyes... that was the point. Lila knew the secret behind them, that could be let loose. She knew the possibilities and felt fear. It had been a new concept to her, as Lila had been safe her whole life. Up until then, she had never wavered in her views. 

Lila had let Victoria go that day, and was glad to do it. Ajax was to be Head of House, so Victoria had little value. As for the Andrews' if her son was held high, then a girl was worthless. Yet..., the eyes of the child haunted Lila. She could not be rid of them soon enough. 

Lila herself..., had the same coloring, green. It was not a sure sign of a Pandora, but it was one worth knowing. The legend of the box once opened could not be shut, was powerful. In the references of the Plato Pact, there were anomalies. They were written about, yet not shared by many. However, Lila and her family were privy. They were in the upper echelon of those that followed the rules, and even broke them. They also made new ones. She had the knowledge of the generations before her... at her fingertips. That sounded wonderful, but it had drawbacks. There were bad things there to read in the archives. Lies could not be denied printed in black and white or even at times blood red. There were undisclosed issues never spoken about out loud. Yet, maybe they should be? That fleeting thought passed through Lila's mind... and left it burned. 

Insanity and genius were so closely related they were surely kin of the first generation.

Now as things were, Lila had to have her granddaughter back. She had set the Dog loose. His name, is William Parker. He would succeed. He had a long history of success already. He even came recommended. When Sarah returned Lila would be nice to her, and make things better. Whatever happened before would be forgotten. The nightmare in her head shifted to better dreams. She held on to them and continued to sleep in a much calmer way. 

When she woke up Lila would be truly sorry she had fallen asleep in the chair.

On the other side of the giant mansion, Heron paced. He had to gather up the loose ends of his life and tie them back together. It seems that new man, that James fellow had to be dealt with somehow. Accidents were getting harder, to arrange. Heron still had assets to call in and favors to draw upon. The rich, powerful man was not "worried". Or so he told himself, more often than he should. Convincing one's inner child was key in every lie. Heron had told more than a few but did not consider them to be of any consequence until now. 

Heron had talked to Pollen. He had done so the same day Elizabeth had died. That is what the first investigator had pulled out of Heron. There had been two men, they had originally come together to the house. The first was older, and seemed familiar. He might have had something to do with Hannah's investigation? Maybe. Heron hated social details, remembering names of lesser men was below him. Yet, Flynn seemed familiar. The second was Seren James. Flynn had come and left, a show of efficiency for his title and position. But the second man, the new man, would not let it go. 

Today, only a few weeks after the incident Seren James had returned. In their last lengthy discussion, between himself and the overeager investigator; Heron had left clues to be looked at. The law man was always hinting, pushing, and pressuring. Heron had finally acknowledged that the house servant, Pollen had run an errand. But that was nothing. On further questioning, Heron had admitted he told Pollen to speak with Elizabeth. He might have indicated in anger at the time, that the message was about his son, Ajax. He had not meant to reveal so much, but the buzz in his ears from the officer was maddening.  He remembered the younger man... the new man... had gotten under his skin. If Heron had said anything that led Pollen to kill Elizabeth, it was not on purpose. It was just bad timing. There was no proof and no direct connection. 

Heron also spoken with his son Eric. It had happened that same day. But that fact had not yet come to be known by anyone. At least as far as his father was aware. There, was more to be hidden if Heron cared to admit it. His conversation with his youngest son had been fairly specific. If Eric was the only survivor then he would win the prize. Again, there was nothing really wrong with that, as it was true. He had simply clearly pointed out to the number two son; to inherit everything you had to work for it. The boy just needed to be encouraged. But could that coaching by Heron be considered complicit in a crime? Hum. This made Heron stop pacing.  

He outlined his legal defense in his head; He was here, in the house when it happened. Heron had a perfect alibi. He could bring Lila forward to swear to his presence at the exact time. His power was still strong in every facet of the town. Heron could also make it "difficult" on "Mr." James. However, that way might be looked at closer now than before. The dilemma, was how to get the dog to let go of the bone? Heron continued pacing again... his mind wrapped around the possibilities. The potential for an answer was close.  

In the slightly... smaller family home nearby, Davian was even now having a late lunch on the patio. The weather was nice, and the grounds lovely. The servants had accepted his presence as if he were indeed the master of the place. Elizabeth's room had been left as it had been, the day of her death. The officer in charge had placed a red ribbon across the door. There was also a handwritten sign, "Not to be disturbed". The housekeeper had told Mr. Hawks about it first thing.  Davian had no desire to get in the way of the law. So he kept clear. Instead, he slept in the attic. There were other rooms on the second floor, but none as unique as the highest room in the house. It was a full floor devoted to only one purpose... a lookout. There were expensive... long glasses on stands; in all four of the giant floor to ceiling windows. North, South, East, and West were revealed. The telescopes were of the finest quality available. There was also a bed and other amenities, but surely the room was meant to be, exactly what it was... A tower of privacy, and yet a spy tower to view the whole countryside. It was also a perfect post to see the stars. Davian was elated at finding such accommodations. 

Maybe he should have stayed around. He could have lived here anytime. It was the rightful place of the second son. Coincidentally he was that... same as Ajax. Not a good idea to double guess a bet. Better to ride it out to the end. 

It had been more than six months since he had parted with Pollen and the Hawks' boys. There had been no word as yet. The systems available for communication were slow at best. Eventually, there would be news. No news at this time was fine. Bad news would be worse, so... 

The days were getting longer and the temperature warmer too. Flowers were coming out and the spring-summer world was opening up.  Earlier today he had sent the note... to Lila. His thoughts were running on the romantic side. He hoped Lila's were as well. Time had passed, but not for his "world". The woman had never left his dreams and his imaginings. She had haunted him. Maybe he haunted himself, collecting look-a-likes to remind him of what he did not have? It was not perhaps a healthy way to handle loss, but it had kept him going. 

"Lila, sweet Lila, the smell of flowers comes to me, when I speak your name, even now." Davian pulled himself back together. If he kept up this soupy, attitude... he better write his own will out immediately. Weakness was a flaw. Flaws were for less than perfect people. She would not like a feeble man. She would spurn him. That brought a funny shutter to his heart. He would have to be careful. The smell of fear was a stench. Even the aroma of apprehension showed a failing and would send the wrong signal. Davian would practice his play, in his head a million times before making it. The letter today... this morning... was just the first step. That too had been written a "thousand" times over, before releasing the final edit to the runner.  

Pollen would have laughed if he had heard such words from either of the older Hawks' boys. But that was the previous generation. At the moment the Egyptian was too busy keeping track of the current or at least the coming up contenders to the thrown. They had been okay for a while, working with the wagon train. They had made it to Santa Fe on schedule. They had also all weathered the trail pretty well. Pollen was extremely proud of Ajax. He normally did not have a "feeling" about any of "it" one way or the other. But the man had shown good character, in every instance. The same could not readily be said for Eric. Both had matured quite a bit. Eric had come around to doing what was asked or even at times demanded of him. His whining had lessened with each day, after the first as well. That was a relief to many. If it had not, George Straight was going to straighten him out. That made Pollen smile. He was not their babysitter, he was there to assess and maybe judge. 

At the same moment Pollen looked East, Davian looked West.
 
The Hawks' Man walked into the Santa Fe mercantile. The name of the place, "Hank's Trading Company". That made it easy enough to know who to ask for. Pollen went straight to see the owner. A man of business always had the right contacts to get things done. In this case, Hank Farthing was the man to talk to. And yes, he was everything Pollen thought he would be. He was smart, capable, and knew the value of a dollar. The five-foot-two-inch individual was packed tight. His stature was that of a brick, solid as a rock. His background is that of an immigrant. He had a thick accent, but still very understandable. Pollen did not ask from where he guessed. It was just a random thought in passing. 

Mr. Farthing was heading west himself originally. In a friendly manner, he went on to tell the base truth of every merchant. Watching the people come and go... Hank figured it was easier to stop and sell to the passers-by than to keep moving. He had been right. He had done well, in nearly no time at all. There was no sign of business lessoning either.  

Finally, the two men spoke at length, privately. Then Pollen handed a letter to the owner, sealed with his mark on the back. The shopkeeper was to arrange for its delivery. He would send someone out to the military camp. He would hire a man. There the document would go by military courier. The Hawks' name had a lot of pull. 

The message would then travel, as fast as was feasibly possible, from here to there. So many things could go wrong. Yet for the right price, anything can be done. 

What did the message say? What was the news?

It confirmed their arrival in Santa Fe. It went on to explain the next step of their journey. They, meaning himself and the two sons of Alexander Heron Hawks would go east again. In addition to their group, a new man had joined their cause. William Parker was his name. 

Ajax and Parker had hit it off while working on the wagon train. They had become somewhat, friends. Pollen was undecided how he felt about Parker so he did not add any additional points into the message. 

During the trip from Independence to Santa Fe; Ajax had conveyed their goal to Mr. Parker. He told him that he and his younger brother were searching for Sarah. Their hope; was to find, and bring back. Parker did not have to be convinced. He stepped right up for the job like a real hero. Ajax was impressed even further. The matter was settled. He had joined their party. The Egyptian had not been consulted in any way. That was a good sign. Head of House should not consult the help? How was Ajax to know Pollen was a bit more than a servant?  

Pollen did not go into every detail but tried to lay out the plan. 

There had been some news, in the area concerning the man Michel Frost. 

Upon arriving in Santa Fe, Ajax found a nice hotel and set up another room similar to his Uncle's pattern. He liked the way his uncle lived and saw no reason not to continue since he still had the money. Ajax did not pick a woman to be a maid, he simply told the owner to make sure things were clean. The trail had been hard and they all needed the rest. 

Once bathed, re-outfitted with new clothes and refreshed they got right back to work. The group checked around at every open business. They repeated the same process as they had before, back in Independence. It did not take long to find traces, and clues of Frost's passing. He had a line of debts from here... and again halfway back to Independence. No one had nice things to say about the deadbeat. 

One man, however who was a drunk in a bar; sang like a bird. He had given the best answer when plied for news. The lone man said that he knew the claim jumper himself, and even knew where he was likely to be found. Of course, he could not remember the details after that point until another bottle had been purchased, and brought out from behind the bar. A rather large amount of gold coins were set out for his viewing as well. They were a reward for good behavior. 

All that set aside, the facts were as follows; Mike Frost had turned north at the Cimarron Crossing. He had done so less than two weeks back. That was the timetable at the moment. Where was he heading? Gold country... according to the stranger. Gold country... somewhere in northern California was the new objective for the old dog. How did the drinking fool know all of this to be true? "That's a laugh...!" He nearly spewed forth his whiskey into the air, which was a bad waste of good drink. "We were partners... but I guess I found out, I was the partner, and he was a polecat."

Ajax had conveyed the whole meeting nearly word for word to Pollen. The very specific way he had it memorized so carefully, impressed the Egyptian. Ajax was full of surprises that we're only now being seen, in a clearer window, outside the venue of normal or typical constraints. 

It had been more than a stroke of luck. Fate had to have stepped in. Pollen wrote down their intentions. They were going back. They were moving forward, but in order to do so, they were going to have to retrace their steps. The trail at least was not cold at this time. The west was after all a big place. Finding one small girl was not going to be easy. It was more than likely a road to failure. But to give up was to have already failed. 

Ajax had gone on in every detail to Pollen regarding the intoxicated stranger. Pollen even mulled over the conversation himself. There was much there to think about. The younger man went on as if speaking for the man in the saloon... as if Ajax were him.  "We were partners up until his gun came out of his holster and I was left more than flat. God did not want me dead I tell you as I stand here," and he pointed down. Ajax also pointed down, standing in front of Pollen. Then the man had continued on a bit further, "Mike figured he did not want to come back this way again, as he had a bit of a reputation. It had grown too. So, he took my rig and left." Then the drunk had turned his attention to the bar, slowly grabbed his glass, and belted down one more. "I get here, and I have to start all over. It wasn't fair and I hope the Indians take the three-legged cur and roast him." Then he swigged down one more glass. Half of the brown liquid ran down his chin. The bottle on the table was still a third full. He had gone quiet after that. The alcohol kicking right in. Ajax had been okay with that, as he had acquired what he needed. In repeating it all back to Pollen, he left out the dramatics of the spilled whisky off his own chin. His grasp of facial expressions and actions of another person... were strangely disturbing. 

The stool pigeon was more than a little tipped. His hand then went to gold left on the counter the rich man had offered. He grabbed them right up and slid them into this pocket. The last words, "The angels must have sung when you were born mister. As you have a kind heart." Then the dodger-man patted his pocket. "I don't know why you want old Mike, but he is nothing but trouble. I know ten years' worth of personal one on one time spent, and cannot say more than that." 

That is where he had left the drunk. Ajax had returned to their room at the hotel with the news. They would go back. They would buy equipment and go back the way they had come. They even knew the road, at least part of it. They had a chance if they hurried. 

So, Pollen and Ajax had planned again together their next step. They would need to travel north, up to the Crossing. The information obtained appeared to be reliable at this time. Pollen had included nearly all of it in his message. The facts anyway were clear. The part he left out was what would happen next. Of course, Mike would not just be standing there waiting for them. He would have already moved on. There would be yet another leg to the journey, down a new trail. The Crossing was not considered nearly as easy as the Santa Fe main trail. Life was about to get very hard indeed for their little group. 

Finally, at the end of their talk, Pollen handed the letter, the sealed envelope to Mr. Farthing. Then he paid the man, in gold. The owner of the establishment had seen currency of all kinds, but his eyes lit up as he accepted. Coins, one after another from the Indian-looking man's hand into his own, it was wonderful. There were five in all. 

"It will go right out within the hour, Sir." Mr. Farthing nodded and put the envelope into his breast pocket. I will keep it safe personally until handed off directly to the next man. You have my assurances... " He added. 

Pollen was not foolish. He knew that his message would probably get there. It had the highest chance considering the messengers involved in the process. He would have to rely on what was at hand for the moment. Later, he would send another letter. He would keep doing so until they had Sarah. It was a commitment he had made at some point. Pollen had watched both boys grow up. But the differences had always been night and day. Although he never felt that Ajax was the best "Head -of- House"... in the line, he had felt the man was correct for the plan. Since he had been side by side, day after day with the young "would be" ruler, he had grown to like him. He never did that before. He hated the children. They were just assets to the family. He had seen too much hulling out, and rewriting of the original design. The project had become clouded.  

After finishing his business, Pollen went back to the hotel. It was a very nice place. The four men were using only three rooms at the moment, but Ajax had bought the whole floor. There were eight in all. Pollen never asked Ajax why, but he liked the way the man had taken control. Money had become less important than action. It was a point worth noting. 

They were going to rest here in town until tomorrow, and then begin again. The cycle would repeat until they were done. Ajax had gone off with Parker to get supplies. Eric was busy celebrating being in town, somewhere else. He preferred his own kind.

Eric of all people would be the least happy, about their next step. Taking the same path, a trail across the land once was bad, twice insane, and consistently... out of the question. This was going to do more than annoy Eric in a small way. The problem with that is the man would make everyone else pay for his discomfort. Not for the first, nor the last time... Pollen considered finding some way to leave him behind. Since Davian was the second brother, he could be first in his line. Should something come of Heron in all of this? 

If that did happen, it would only delay things. Since Davian was likely to produce an heir, that would muddy the waters... then Ajax would still be next in line. The only difference was the heat of the moment was off of Ajax's shoulders. Ajax would not have to produce an heir... at least right away. That provided them plenty of time, to find Sarah. Well, it seemed they had a small chance anyway.

 20) Collecting Flowers

Sarah Houston had made a full transformation. In the same vein as her name, she had altered everything about herself... to be a real butterfly. She wore buckskin clothes and moccasin shoes. She braided her hair, carried the water, gathered the wood, and spoke her people's tongue. The last part, the language of the hunters, and gatherers was important to her. It was a matter of pride. She made sure she said each word as if it had always been... her own. The only remaining piece of yesterday was a small remnant of cloth. It still bore the symbol of her ancestors... embroidered carefully by her mother on its surface. It meant little to her now. So much less so... that she finally..., simply gave it away. She had passed it on to her dear friend, Dove... who had found it pretty and interesting. She had used it to tie her hair back the first moment it was in her possession. The Chief's daughter rarely ever took it off. The young girl was pleased, and they were friends. They were always friends.

Chilly and Pepper were also in their social circle. Often the girls would go again, and again... to get water, and the silly mule was already at the edge. It seemed to enjoy being around Aponi. It was always honking at her... off and on. It was all in a friendly way. Aponi would pet Pepper on the nose and give him sweets, she had gathered. Aponi always had... things in her pockets. 

Sometimes Pepper would let the girls go for a ride. The days were full of fun. 

Chilly of course had to come and get the silly beast and bring him back home. He had made a semi-permanent camp just north of the tribe's. The man had become a common fixture to their life in general. 

Pepper would visit a lot. Not every day, but it happened. The Indians did not care if Chilly was living close by or not. He had proved to be nothing more than a small annoyance at best. The fact that he had helped with the rescue of one of theirs went a long way to stating his good-natured stature and providing them with a solid view of his character. 

This day like so many others, Aponi was up early. She had done all her chores, first thing. Then she grabbed the herb bag her father, Tall Feather had given her. He had done so, just shortly after her return. The river incident had been a difficult time. Tall Feather had not let her out of his sight for days afterward. Then finally... life returned to a somewhat normal state. 

The bag... was significant. It had belonged to his wife. It was made of soft deerskin and decorated with tiny beads, and shells on one side. It had been from the time before. The time of his first beautiful daughter, and her lovely mother. To be considered so valued to receive such a fine gift... left Aponi in awe. Tall Feather was a truly good man. She wanted to be a first-class daughter. She could not replace the family Tall Feather had lost, but she would make every effort. Aponi had watched. He did not mean to, but he still grieved at times. Tyra the woman in the tent, slept with him now... and she tried to comfort him too. But she could only be there, while the shadows of his past, haunted the man from a distance. 

Aponi was headed north this day. She was going to go and pick mint leaves, to make tea. She would cut all she could and bring the fine foliage back to camp. Then she would dry them as she had been taught. She would put them away. Mint, was Tall Feather's favorite. He never said so right out. But every time she had brought the leaves back, he had enjoyed them. Last night had been hard. The man had tossed and turned. He had made noises that woke her from sleep... more than once. So... doing something to make his day better... was worthwhile. 

She passed the Chief's tent. It was just before dawn, so all was still quiet. Dove was not even up, and she was normally an early riser. Aponi was thinking of waking her, but she might wake others in the process. That might not be the best idea. So she continued by, in silence. 

Wolf had taught Aponi how to walk quietly. He had made it his business to teach her all things... "Indian". He was a young brave... not too much older than herself. But Wolf was already considered courageous. He had been with Tall Feather's group, during her rescue as well. 

Aponi... thought he had very nice eyes. They were brown, warm like the sands in summer. They seemed to piece her at times. It made her feel funny, but not in a bad way. Wolf had said one or two kind words in her direction too. Aponi found she liked when they "ran" into each other. It always happened by accident of course.

Aponi walked on out of camp. It was not long at all before she was greeted by a familiar honk. Pepper was right there in the middle of the trail. She looked up and smiled from ear to ear. Pepper was more like a big dog than a mule. He wagged his tail at just seeing the girl. She walked right up to him in turn and brushed his nose with her hand. 

"Does Chili know you are here?" She spoke low and quiet. "Okay... You can come with me. But try not to eat all the best finds, before I get to them..." referring to the gathering of plants. 

Pepper gave a low whiney in return that again ended in a honk. Aponi took that as the total agreement of the rules. Oddly she even felt she heard the silly beast say, "yes". It was not the first time, she seemed to understand. Not like an owner does for a dog... teaching it to sit and fetch... no. This was different. As if she heard the sounds and knew they meant something. Flashes in her head would reference the music of their life tone, and give her the answer. It was becoming clearer every day. In some way, she could "hear" animals. Aponi thought it surprising, and most importantly useful. She would have to consider the possibilities later. For now, she brushed Pepper's nose and rubbed his ears... 

"Okay. Let's go." Aponi half whispered in fear the animal would honk again before they were further from camp. "We don't have all day." She tried not to laugh as Pepper was busy trying to get every bit of attention that he could. "I have to get back, let us hurry now." She chided. Knowing that even with all the chores done she would be missed. Tyra would still need things, completed, even if she made them up. She always had a list of extras. Free time did not exist in Tyra's world. 

Aponi continued down the trail... north. Pepper's camp was not too far away. It was off to her right, and back into the thicker brush. She was not going in that direction. She had found a nice place, a little further on. It was a meadow full of green, beautiful green. That was Aponi's favorite color. It made her happy and sad all at the same time. It had been her mother's first choice as well. How did she know? She remembered, from her visits at the hospital. It had been a sad place and a happy place. The memory was extremely confusing. 

The morning was moving by at a leisurely pace. It was mirrored in the young girl's gait. The mule beside her, walked as if it were more a friend, than a beast of burden. The sky above was as blue as blue could be. It was growing prettier and brighter with every minutes passing. 

Together they soon came to the right place. It was a circle of tall trees. A creek was running through the far side, down toward the river, filling its banks further. It came from some source further out. Aponi stayed clear of that, the main river for the most part. Tall Feather did not like her to go there... alone. She could swim, she had proved it. If she had not, she would have drowned right off. It was the speed of the water and the debris that had made it hard to stay afloat.  Aponi had made it to shore. She had been saved. She was alive. Besides; the watercourse had significantly calmed since then. The days of the year were passing, and the rains were all gone. He just would not hear further about it. The medicine man told her what he expected... She listened... She obeyed.

Yet the creek was not the river. That was another reason Aponi liked this place. The girl crossed the open space to get closer to the moving laughter. That is what it made her think of. The sound of the water running over the rocks, and gravel... the sand... all of it. The resonance from its passing was like the sound of many voices all at once talking in a good way.  

The mule continued to walk beside her. Once at the edge the animal found a nice patch of green grass. There the animal stopped and began enjoying the bounty. 

Aponi gazed about. She found a nice plot of land full of mint leaves only a few feet away. She walked over and kneeled. There she began to gather her prize. The area soon smelled minty fresh as the cut leaves released their sweet aroma into the air. Every knife slice was a new wave of the perfume. 

"You are a butterfly." Wolf's voice was close by. Aponi did not look up. She pretended not to hear him. "You smell better than the flowers you pick." The young man continued. Still, Aponi moved about her work... in silence. Yet she could not help but smile. "One day, I will ask Tall Feather... for your hand." This made Aponi go very still. Her heart was beating so loudly she could not think what to say, or do. 

Then, she heard steps... moving away... Aponi did not look up. She did not have to see him, to know him. Wolf! So handsome, so strong, and he wanted her. Life truly was going in the right direction. 

Pepper made a low whiney sound and a honk. It was the equivalent of a tease. 

Aponi tried to calm herself. She took a mint leaf and held it to her nose. She inhaled the sweetness directly. Wolf was courageous, and even fearless, in protecting the tribe. He was also incredibly good-looking. He would be well desired by many. Yet, he had followed her. He had even spoken to her. Emotions were tough without little to go on but memories. Her mother had talked about the love she felt for her father. But this was not "talk", this was real. His voice alone did things to her insides. She was so happy, but she was also giddy. It was pleasant and not so at the same time. Victoria had not had enough time, to prepare her for life. She had been cheated out of the chance. Aponi would simply have to figure it out, day by day, as she had since she left the wagon. So far, she was still alive... and even... part of the family... the tribe. 

21) Back to the Crossing, and then Home!

Pollen and his awkwardly connected companions left Santa Fe early the next morning. They had fresh supplies, fresh horses... and fresh points of view. Not all were in the best frame of mind, however. Well, more defined to be; some had "hope". Those that cared to place their faith in a higher deity. Then there were the others who had hangovers.   

 The group did not wait for anyone else to leave in their direction as they had before. East, was not nearly as exciting as west. That was true even for supply wagons. It was found to be cheaper to sell the wagons and livestock once they were here in Santa Fe, and buy new ones to replace them.  No one sent them dead-heading back that was smart. They just sent a message to send more, and more... of everything.  

A fortune was handed to any man that could fill the needs of the customers. There were just too many people demanding, and prices were extremely high. That did not matter. The storekeepers, merchants, hotels, and saloons were crowded, and then some. No wagon-builder, carpenter, blacksmith, or furrier could work enough days of the week. The local doctor, undertaker, and grave digger... were also busy. Not everyone made it out of Santa Fe... sometimes.   

Instead, they set out as a group; on their own. Most individuals were going west not east at this time. They were likely to find others... up ahead. There were more each day, travelers, adventurers, pilgrims... Soon there were be a solid stream of humanity racing by, each trying to get ahead of the other. The land would never be the same. 

The military was already working on plans for new posts, and forts. The need was growing exponentially. The frontier was exploding with possibilities. There were also issues of robberies, Indian attacks, and other dangers rising. Times were changing, good and bad. 

The pony express was just an idea as yet. But it was on the board already. Pollen kept current on such things. They were busy planning out routes. "A messenger service from coast to coast," was a nice idea. It would start with horses then telegraphs... then... A necessary step toward bringing one nation together. Communication would be key. Pollen thought, "They were going to have a lot of business soon."

Currently, messages were still slow. Pollen knew his, would move, and even find the right destination. But that was costly, and only due to the high standing of the family. Soon, communication would be easier. But for now, horse and rider were still the best that could be had... out here. The Pony Express; their goal was to ride, and not stop. From one rider to the next a continuous, dependable service to all customers. They would carry information, letters, and everything newsworthy. Then, shortly after that, the telegraph would take over. Followed by railroads, the iron horses of the times... They would speed this way and keep going on... to the sea. 

Money had a strong smell, and the season for picking the harvest was ripe. The problem was that few realized it was also dangerous in the open fields. The risk was high, the returns were high... but the cost limitless. Life and death were ever at hand.   

The night before, Eric Hawks had spent his time eating and drinking at the best place he could find. For Eric that was the "Iris Parlor and Eatery". It sounded friendly enough, but it was a harsh, brutal place for the unwary. It met the needs of all travelers equally, with open arms. Eric... fit right in. The journey from Independence had added to his facade. He appeared rich enough by his clothes, even if they were dirty; but hard enough by his attitude to not be questioned or bullied too easily. Maybe he would have been a spring chicken to pluck back home. Maybe also... that was because he was spoiled and untrained about real life. But lessons had been earned from one point to the next. Eric had lost a bit of his fleshy face, and the lines around his eyes were much straighter... and angrier. His hands were still way softer than most, but they could do work now, even if they appalled it, and fought against it. 

While inside Iris's place; Eric had met two rovers, heading west. He had shared a bottle of good whiskey with them. Eric let the men drink most of it. His reasoning; he was making friends. It was always good to have friends. Later he moved on to dinner and entertainment, but he had made his agreements, his deals before removing himself from the conversation. There had been a handshake or two as well. No one in the business establishment noticed. At least no one, that cared. Eric left by himself and went back to the hotel... to sleep off what he had consumed. 

The night before Ajax, and Parker had also gone out on the town. A few hour's loss of sleep one way or another was not going to make a lot of difference. The ride ahead would be hard. They could not "get to it" until morning, so why not make the best of things as they could?

 Ajax was not a big drinker. Come to find out, Parker was not either. So the two men decided on a nice game of cards in the lobby of the big hotel. Followed by that... they went for a walk around the main square to see what was happening. It was full of people coming and going even at this hour... It was full most of the time, even Sundays. Then they found a nice semi-fancy place to eat in the end. The plan was loose, but it had still been airtight. They laughed like real friends. The hour grew late and, then they went back to their hotel. It was their last chance to sleep in real beds. That was not to be taken for granted by either man. 

Pollen.  After the Egyptian completed his errand at Mr. Farthing's shop, he had done a bit of scouting too. He traveled all about the town, taking notes. Things were changing fast in this part of the country. There were fortunes to be made, for the watchful, and vigilance paid off. Pollen went on a general tour, taking detailed descriptions of wagons, horses, people, and businesses down on paper. The man carried a small leather journal for such notes. He had never been this far west. Part of him was happy they were going back eastward again. There was another part that was not. "It" had been an awakening. It was a small feeling in his chest, hiding behind duty, honor, and pride. Yet the emotion too form in his mind, and whispered..., and even called out at times. The resonance, and reverberation of the sound making his heartbeat to a rhythm he could not understand. 

The man had grown up in the old country. Pollen had been raised and groomed for his position. The élites were from every nation in the world. The power of the Plato Pact was strong. Elders hand-picked those that would serve the cause. Pollen had shown great promise. He had an excellent memory, an eye for detail, and could copy anything. Forgery was not a nice word... Pollen preferred mimic. Up until this trip with the two Hawks' men, he had never questioned his place in the whole picture. For the first time he noticed... he, himself, was not even on the canvas. 

Pollen had been honored to serve a great house. Then he saw the birds... out of their cages. The men, these men... were supposed to be "higher" than others. "Better" than most, was illusive. He watched the weak Ajax boy, every day grow stronger under duress. He watched Eric... too. There he was sure... in his case; the previous man was a zero, and the new man now was one as well. Eric had grown and embraced his negative side. His drinking had increased. His attempts at manipulating the group... well seen. He had little or no tact and was subtle at nothing. Eric had a dark heart, and that had become crystal clear. Before it might not have mattered, as he was the second son. But, at this time; with the house seat in question... it was indeed important. 

After his excursion around Santa Fe and making sure all the horses and supplies were lined up, he returned to the hotel. There he went upstairs. He was not hungry. The man had more than a lot to think about. He had to sort it all through before tomorrow. There were things he would have added to his letter homeward, but there were things he was glad he left out. That was new to Pollen too. He had never withheld... information in this manner. That tiny feeling was getting stronger... and taking pieces of his old life and shattering their existence. In favor of? In favor of living... for the first time, ever! 

The next morning arrived.
Some thought it too early, others too late.
The truth was nothing had changed in God's timing.

Parker was riding at the front of the line. Next to him a few paces back was Ajax. The two were quiet now, but partners. They had shared a few secrets, but not all. They had told a few stories, but not all. Yet... they were friends. They had a mission, and they were making good progress. If Frost was not at the crossing they would have to make a few decisions, one way or the other. But at least for now... the path was clear. 

Next in line was Pollen leading two pack mules for the group. They were on a line... attached to the side of his saddle. As for his mount, the horse was very nice. It was a steady, calm beast. 

Last, was Eric. He kept falling behind. It was not like anyone cared. But there had to be the semblance, or at least the facade of companionship. This was a hard land. Everyone depended on each other. Although the other three men had silently agreed that Eric could not be counted on. There was no need for a verbal discussion. Anyone with any sense, not even common could tell that. 

Eric watched the others. He hated every step his horse took. He should be in a carriage. He should be already back home, in his rightful place. He should never have to put up with "less than" anything again. Soon. Soon that would be the way. He told himself as if cooing to a cat. His insides the slippery part... swirled around; happy. They had been on the road all morning. The sky above was getting angry. That made Eric pull his coat a little closer. Not for the first time did he miss his nice, warm room in the mansion. 

The Hawks man kept looking back. He did not want them to see him... the rest of the group... that is. But he could not help himself. The man was sure he had made the right deals... the right arrangements. The men he had met at Iris's the night before would follow. They would come because they could smell money. Not the coins he gave them, but the riches he could give them. He was a better mine, stream or river to be panned than any in California. That is how he presented the idea. He told them he was rich... or would be. He just needed a couple of things. He needed to be free of some baggage, and he needed to get back home. In that order. Oh and he might need a witness or two to stand to say he had nothing to do with any of it. Just to make things... "look" good for the right people.

The day grew warm and then the flies came. Once the little insects had you, they kept at you... annoyingly. The group did not slow their pace for the first ten miles. They were steady. They made fine progress easy enough. The ruts in the road were clear. Someday this would be a highway... for greater travel, by even more people. But for now, it was; a dirt, and mud path... pounded by wheels and horses... there were puddles here and there, from frequent traveling showers, but nothing impassable. It was a highway of dreams, not all good, some nightmare in nature. But hope without shadows is hard to define. 

Pollen kept the group moving. They rested every hour for the horse's sake, but their goal was closer than before. There was the small possibility, no matter how remote that this was not a goose chase. That would be a nice surprise. In the beginning, the houseman was just doing his job. How? The way he had done so all his life. But being out here had taken on a new meaning to his life. He could serve here too. He was doing just that. Then there was the "wild" thought. Maybe he did not have to "wait" on anyone. He could be his "own" person. He had paid his debt to the Hawks family, and their whole line many times over, for whatever his room and board had been. He had been "near" family in almost all respects and closer in others. Yet, Pollen was still a servant. 

The sun was high overhead. Eric had watched behind them for miles... but had seen no sign of anyone following. He was more than a little moody over the prospect of having paid thieves, and would-be murderers to do a nice dishonorable piece of work; only to be backstabbed. At the moment it appeared they were only opportunists and dead beats at his table last night. He said nothing of course, but he took his feelings out on anyone that got too close. Eric was hostile. The others tried to ignore the man. There was little else to be done. 

The day wore on. The cycle repeated itself. They traveled, they stopped, and then they... road again. Pollen did not even break for food. He had them each, eat from the supplies he had purchased while they road. That was a mix of hardtack biscuits, dried jerky, and a small amount of dried fruit. None of it was very tasty, but it would keep you alive. 

Closer to evening, having put many miles behind them... Pollen set his thoughts toward finding a campsite. They were not going to make it the whole way in one day. Sadly, that was a laugh, a bad joke, and it was not funny. This country was huge. It dwarfed a man at times. It also made him tall of heart at others. 

The turn-off they were seeking was still a long way ahead. The first target was to find Frost, then to find the Houston's. One man and his small family could not be too hard to locate? Well, they had clues anyway. That meant they had some hope. In the end, Pollen just knew somehow they would find the girl and bring her home. She was likely special in some way and would stand out among others, if not told to be quiet. It was after all, what the Plato Pact was all about. Sarah needed to come back, where she belonged. The family was a clan, and the clan never lets go. 

Just as they began to consider their options; Ajax spoke up. "There is smoke ahead. There must be someone on the trail." His tone was excited, and wary at the same time. Friend or foe? The question loomed at every encounter. 

"I see it too," Parker confirmed. 

The sky darkening with the coming of the evening consumed the black cloud(s) to a degree. But the rising gusts of burned ash and bits... flakes of fire,  were growing. The stars would soon cover the heavens, but they would also be blocked out. 

Pollen brought his mount up beside the other two men. "It might be trouble. Doesn't look good from here." He spoke with sincerity. There had been a lot of talks back in Santa Fe. The Egyptian had made a note of the increasing numbers of incidents in the news among the travelers. The Indians that were once on the nicer side, had turned violent. It had to happen eventually. Too many people were taking too much from the land. They were pilfering the earth's bounty, and stealing from the savages,  everything of value. How they ever were supposed to be just okay with that kind of treatment, was insane? The reality; use someone enough, beat them up enough, and they will revolt. The only apparent reprieve to that sadistic fact for the pilgrims was that the Indians had a real lack of a unified party. There were many, stretched all along the new road from the east to the west. But they could not readily gather together. They were all different from each other, and yet the same. 

A trail of blood... a long deep rut, a gouge in the earth...
 made through the very center of the wilderness.
The way  west, littered with the bodies of both criminals and the innocent alike. 
Predators no longer tolerant of the prey.
Notes from the Journal of Ajax Hawks

The Santa Fe trail had become a hornet's nest overnight. There was a skirmish here, and then there... Then, suddenly as one, unexpectedly the climate had completely changed. There were no more peaceful encounters with the natives, at least they were becoming extremely rare. Instead, there were calls for the military to be sent this way... to set things right. They would have to hurry along with their plans on forts and provide trained men. Fears were growing among the people. At first, it was just comments and complaints from no ones on their way to nowhere. But with gold now found in California, free dirt for farmers in Oregon, and everything in between... up for grabs; "money" took notice. Dollars referring to those with more than could be counted. Translated that referred even more directly to the very filthy rich. When that happens; the climate always changes.

The population and descriptions of the Indians varied greatly. The tribes were Comanche; the cold people, Pawnee; Aanishinable...meaning the "people", the Cheyenne or rather the "rope people", Arapaho...; the "red-eye", "sagebrush", and "south men". The plains Apache, Osage, the Kaw, the Ute, and the Pueblo are all present. Each tribe with its; own unique history, culture, and heritage. There were also at least a dozen more, not written here, and sadly not remembered as they should be. 

The introduction of the horse by the Spanish had made many tribes turn nomadic. They were excellent riders and knew the land as it was their home. They had the advantage, but what they did not know, was that the invaders simply had numbers. History would write the outcome, the way the victor's felt it should be written. That was the way it always happened. Romans conquered nearly the entire world and influenced the rest in many ways. They also took what they wanted and changed the face of whole societies, killed languages, and forced adherence to their way of life. History simply repeats itself. 
 
Eric finally moved up closer with the rest. He had been lagging as before. His eyes ever on the rear, were becoming too plain to ignore. Ajax figured there was bad news trailing them. But to confront his brother would do little or no good. There were more important things right in front of them. The smoke, up ahead could be just fine. Signs of a small group, on their way to Santa Fe. Or... it could be something else. It seemed much larger considering the distance.

"Parker and I will go on ahead. You get off the main path here, and get out of sight if you can." Ajax took command. His words were low, but powerful. Ajax caught each man's eye in turn. In the coming darkness of night... all their eyes were whiter and wider. None questioned his instruction. The man surveyed the area to the north and south. There was not a lot of foliage here to hide behind. He shrugged, "Just try to stay out of sight if you can until we give the signal. One way or the other."   

Pollen nodded. Eric looked as if he wanted to object to something but then thought better of it. He just looked kind of blank... his mind calculating his plans elsewhere. Ajax could smell trouble all over him. He reeked. 

Parker just nodded, like Pollen. There was no reason to question or add anything.  He was up for whatever was about to happen. Ajax had proven to be far more accomplished than his mother had relayed in their first and only meeting. So Parker had formed his own opinion, and did not appear to be very similar to Lila's. 

Parker pulled his gun out of his holster, checked it... and then put it right back. He did it so smoothly, it was hard to believe he was anything other than a professional. He had never claimed to be "good", with a weapon... not once. Yet his movements were catlike in perfection. The speed; snake fast! Pollen took note. Eric did not.  

Each rider had been given a nice rig in the beginning. That is to say, Pollen and the Hawks' boys. They all had rifles on their saddles, thick hand-woven blankets on their horses... and generally top-of-the-line camp gear. As for Ajax, he wore a gun at his belt but never claimed to use it well. His training from West Point was an obvious advantage. But the man still did not like guns. He used them. Normally, he made every effort not to pull it from the leather at all, as generally, he was a peaceful man. Pollen had purchased one for himself too. His was a more personal rig. He kept it close inside of his jacket. In a battle of any kind, he would not be good with a handgun and he knew it. He was very good with a rifle, however. He had marksman-like talents in that area. As for Eric, he had a gun also. There was both; one at his hip, and the rifle on his mount. At no time had he ever pulled either. He could barely load it and hated to shoot. Eric complained it hurt his ears to practice, and refused to be made to train.  

Ajax's younger brother finally spoke, "Sounds fine. We will wait here." motioning to Pollen and himself. He was all too eager to let his brother take whatever dangerous action he wanted to. Waiting on the sidelines was okay with him. Maybe his friends would be along?

Ajax turned back to Parker and the two urged their horses forward. Pollen softly kicked the sides of his horse and led himself and their supplies off the trail. Eric followed Pollen but kept his eye... ever on his brother's retreating form. If he watched very closely maybe he would yet have the chance to solve the problem himself? Fate was a contentious woman... that gave happiness and took it away at her own, whim. Eric would have to continue to be ready and alert. At the moment, his horse simply followed Pollen and the others. 

The path ahead was clear enough. The furrows and grooves on the road told a story of storms, mud..., and hardship, that had come and gone. The bright moon lit up the landscape... and was blocked out by the smoke... an off an on growing disturbance to the view of the stars. Here the land was dried hard, and broken into pieces... dirt clouts. It was not good going either way. Too much of one thing, and too much of another... "water" and lack thereof... the issue. Up ahead there were a few scraggly trees. Then the two men saw; horses, eight wagons, and various people. The commotion was all-around a single wagon that was slowly being consumed by a ranging fire. Not the kind across the land, and not your everyday blaze. No... This was mesmerizing. 

The other men and women of the group had moved their rigs further away. They moved them to safety. They could not help the one. Instead the group had left it to burn. They were too far from any source to put it out. So, there was no choice but to stand, and watch. A few men held shovels in case the flames tried to escape the deadly point of ignition but nothing else was worth trying. 

Colors of the rainbow danced at the edges. Small popping sounds and crazy sizzling noises would follow, and repeat. It was attention-grabbing. Neither of the two men had ever seen such a thing. Barely still legible on the side of the giant cart read; "Mysteries of the World!" by Doctor Slavyn McCoy. 

"Well, the mystery of being careful about fire... is still out there," Parker whispered. Obviously, the group was a wagon train, although a fairly small one by the standards of the day. There were so few, they could even be an entire family, a clan on the move. That was not unheard of. It was quite common. The promise of the "west" appealed to many for all kinds of reasons. Gold, free-land, "the promise of being your own, person, and living your own, way", more than enticing.    

Then Ajax noticed there was a man; being held between two others. He had a rope around his neck, and harsh voices were being bantered about. It was hard to sort out with the commotion, everything happening at the same time. Flames were dancing and entertaining the crowd. A few angry men were waiving their arms. Some were pointing directly at the fire while others at the man. Many talked about killing the prisoner? It appeared to be the beginnings of a lynching party. Once the people saw the last ash fall, the last spark... smoke-out into nothingness, they would turn to the second problem. Time was moving extremely fast. 

Ajax called out to a young woman nearby. "Hey... what's going on?" He smiled with his most endearing look. "We just got here..." He continued. 

The woman was about twenty or so. She was pretty, in the reflected light of the flames, even at this distance. She walked over... shyly. "Sir, that man..." and she pointed to the one held between the two others. It was the same one with the rope about his neck. "Well, his name is Mike Frost. He was our wagon master up until about an hour ago." her eyes were big as saucers. It made her appear a little ghost-like. "He stole some money and got caught. He fought with poor old McCoy. In the process, he also set Mr. McCoy's wagon on fire. I mean... Doctor McCoy." Then she looked down at her own feet. Ajax was very handsome. Even in the darkness of night, with only the light of a fire and camp around, it was easy to see. 

"Thank you." Ajax continued to smile. "Thank you very much." 

He gave a quick look toward his friend and kicked his horse toward the man being held. It took a few moments but people started to notice the new strangers among them. The sizzling, and crazy sounds from the burning wagon continued. Once close enough to the big man that appeared to be in charge, Ajax called out. "Hey. I understand that is Mike Frost?" He used his best, and strongest professional tone. 

The big blonde man on the right... the one holding not only Frost's arm but the business end of the length about his captive's neck looked toward Ajax. He was; pulled away from his own, thoughts, "considering his options for a tree...", and found himself interrupted. "Who are you? You are not part of our camp?" His accent told a lot about his history, and his ancestry. It was thick, and he was tough to understand. "German",  Ajax figured. His education coming into play. Instead of speaking English he simply answered in the man's own, tongue. "Sir, I am the law, or as close as your ever going to get out here. That man is wanted."

The big man felt a little taken aback. It was unexpected to be met on level-ground clear out here in the middle of nowhere. One man to another? "I can not release him. He has to be made to pay." The answer was swift and powerful. Others around the big man had taken note of the words that had been exchanged. However, not everyone understood. They were no longer in English. They were in German. 

The Mystery wagon renewed its blaze as something inside lit up like lightning for only a moment, and then sizzled again into nothingness.  

"I can pay his damages. If you kill him, you will get less gratification, than knowing you, or rather... that man..." pointing to the doctor, "have been compensated. My way you will know, he..." nodding toward Frost, "will still suffer." Ajax acted exactly as he should. Pollen would have been extremely impressed. 

William Parker was torn between watching the fire, listening to the conversation, and sizing up the people. If things did not go well, they were going to have to do something... "different" than talk. He kept his hand on his gun... lightly.

Mike Frost eyed the strangers. He was not happy, but at the moment... he had no options at all. Had he been given a second chance? No way... No one helped anyone ever without a reason. Mike kept quiet. He knew what would happen if Adrian did not let him go. The man would find a tree... maybe not here... but he would find one.  

The night grew deeper, the flames grew higher... with little signs of ending... What was in the wagon? At one point the fire was so hot, the people had to step many paces back again. Finally there was a green glow, and then a yellow... the end was near. The Doctor an old man considering the times was sitting nearby, watching. He was also crying softly. He had stared at the flames like all the others... helpless. 

Then, the mob turned. They were more than angry. A thief was one thing, but he had nearly killed the old man in the process of their skirmish. The tiny doctor, 4'5" was no match for anyone. It was a shocker he was on the road at all. Yet, he had held up the whole way from Independence. His stories around the campfire each night were grand and the people loved to listen. He had also; provided some doctoring too. He had sweet syrup for cough and tiny pills for aches and pains. Everyone liked McCoy. No one cared one way or the other about Mike Frost... until now. At this very moment, they wanted to exact justice from his very hide. 

Ajax got just a bit louder to be heard over the din. "My way, the old man gets paid. Think hard about it. Frost will still be punished. He is wanted for way more than this evil."

Adrian looked to the old man... then he looked back at Ajax. "How much will you pay?" His words were in English. He wanted the whole camp to hear. "If I let you take him, lawman...What will you pay?" The big man shook Frost by the arm. He was little more than a child's ragdoll. Frost did not try to resist. He knew that Adrian would think nothing of breaking it. 

Ajax reached into his pocket... his breast pocket. There he took out a small bag. It had colorful stones inside. He tossed it to the German. The man caught it like it was a fly... right out of the air. "Easel... come here." 

A girl showed up. It was the same one Ajax had spoken with earlier. "See what is inside." The big man tossed her the purse. 

The girl took it in her sweet, soft hands and opened the string tie. She poured the contents into her open palm. They were lovely rocks. There were several rubies... and a diamond. 

The German was a smart man. He did not know precious bobbles well, but he could gauge a man's character. He made a decision... all would follow, or face him. "Done." Then Adrian turned to his counter partner in their actions and let Frost go. He did not take off the rope, however. Instead, the huge man held the end still. Then he walked over to Ajax's horse. "I don't know you, Sir. But we have an agreement. You make sure this bad man pays, or I will find you... and you will face his crimes as well."

"We understand each other." Ajax accepted the rope. He turned toward the direction he had come, back west. Frost walked out with him, thankful he had been spared but already figuring out how to make his next move. Parker simply took up the rear... and kept his eyes open. Ajax had acquired exactly what they needed, and the cost had not been life... or lives. His respect for Ajax had grown considerably.  

22) The Map, and Scene of the Crime

Ajax thought himself pretty lucky. That could have gone way differently than it did. Men with bloodlust on their minds, rarely understand good sense. That is the point. Rage takes over and nothing else can stop it. Thankfully the big man... the powerful German... respected the law. Ajax could tell the man's heart was not ready for the "weight" on his soul... that it would take to kill a man. But he would do the deed if pressed. That is what good men does, what is necessary. Not because they want to, but it is justice. 

In truth, Ajax was not the law. At least not in this part of the country. Yet, he was a man not to be questioned. He was groomed to be exactly who he was, a Hawks'. What did that mean...? Sometimes they were above the law or they even made their own. Rich and powerful went a long way toward being "right", even if the wielder of that power was wrong. In Ajax's case, however, he had the very best of intentions. If he had been just any man at all, he knew the German would not have listened. On the one hand, he hated that he had... stretched the truth. On the other be believed he had no choice. If they lost Frost, they lost his friend Max, and his daughter as well. Right here, their journey would end. 

Ajax thought to himself, at least the extra stones in his pocket that he still carried, would help the old man get a new home. The young Hawks' man often stashed such treasures among his possessions, his horse, and even the supplies that they had packed. It was a way to ensure he would always have some source of payment on the trail if needed. Any small cache of them was more than enough... in most markets to buy a sizeable amount of supplies and materials. As for the theft and beating of the Doctor, Ajax could always take Frost back to Santa Fe. He could give him over to the sheriff there. That would be right. In the meantime, he needed information. First that one thing, and then he would work on the rest. He had to stay focused. So far miracles had happened. Ajax had made alliances with his uncle he thought impossible. He had gone halfway across the known map, and was both still alive and actively making progress. Maybe God was listening to his prayers after all? Maybe if he did his best it would be enough, and he would get to see his wife one more time again. Thoughts of her sweet face made his insides ache. So if he had to deal with criminals first hand he would. If he had to kill them too then he would do that also. Whatever it took.  

Ajax was very sure as he thought it through. If things came right down to it, he would carry out justice on the stranger himself. Frost may have a reprieve for now, but he would work for his every breath. Ajax would make sure he knew each crime the wagon master had committed clearly, but a judge was a judge. In all fairness, a good man with good intentions was a better option than a group ready to take vengeance. A pound of flesh could be quite expensive in the heat of the moment. Usually ending in; death of course. Mobs got out of control fast. 

The Hawks' and the Andrews' lines both; arranged for righteousness to be carried out..., at points in the past. It was not done often in their history, but it had been done. There were even real lawmen in their line. The problem is that the families were not really "holy". They just planned to be better than any of the rest. Or more accurately they hid behind the idea of perfection... "the uplifting of all"... or so they preached. Perhaps this would be another case of that same cycle. Ajax was more than ready to do what had to be done.  

In this case, this night... the darkness was their best friend. People were still watching, and talking... divided as to what to do next? The flames still sputtered and spewed oddly. It was going out, but hanging on at the same time. It would be hours before it finally stopped altogether, but that was yet to be. In the end, even the metal would be melted flat from the heat... into globs on the ground. The doctor had quite a collection of flammable liquids. Some drinkable and some not of course. All for medicinal purposes, as he was a respectable man. When the flames licked a container a little too long there were even small explosions like firecrackers going off... and then sizzling into silence. He also had other things, very hard to replace equipment... but it would be okay. The German had the bag of rocks. He was not skilled in the value of things for that area of exchange, but he was not stupid either. He was sure they were all real. The doctor would be okay in the end. He just had to get to Santa Fe. The German figured the old man could just ride in his wagon with him, and his wife. 

Everything happened relatively quickly. No one gave any descent, as they were a bit confused perhaps. Too much going on at the same time, and too many people adding to it, with gibberish. In such instances, the voice of reason is clearest to those that hear the voice of God. The crimes committed were bad of course. Killing Frost might have been the right thing to do for the circumstance, but it would have left much undone. Frost would have gotten away with all the crimes he had committed in other places, against so many. He would be ended, his days on this Earth of course, but his list of victims would be unhealed forever. At least no one else would be hurt. There was much to be said for that too. 

As for the Hawks' man, he had one purpose. It was personal. If he could ring from Frost the information he needed, one way or the other then he could move forward. His friend and his niece were closer than only hours before. His goal was bright, even in the growing darkness of the night. 

"Move it!" Ajax yanked the rope around Frost's neck. There was no real reason to be kind. He figured he had already gone far enough on that account. If he did not have an agenda, he would have taken some pleasure in watching the entertainment. Evil needed to be dealt with. He saw that clearer each day he was away from the Hawks' home. He had lived in the "big" house too long. He should have never gone back after West Point. Duty and honor had gotten the best of him. So he had returned. That was really..., a bad word. It never had a good definition for Ajax. That all changed with Hannah. It changed again with Elizabeth. 

Ajax had done everything that was asked of him. It had never been enough, and it never would be. A flash crossed his mind... was Elizabeth even still alive? He had doubts. Nothing he could put his hands upon, but like a thorn, the notion was festering. Pollen would not have killed her himself. Ajax did not truly believe that option, no. Eric had shown up with Pollen. Eric had motives to take out anyone he liked. Being second had done something to the man's head, and it was being ignored. That was the downside of "the rich". They could just not accept the truth, as they liked. Few could ever stand up to such might. 

The idea, the concept of Head-of-House, the Plato Pact had been explained to Ajax. He had been schooled his whole life to go along. The scheme of planning for a better race, a better human was not so crazy. It was the length at which his kin would go to; to accomplish goals that bordered insanity. There were also family secrets, and hidden lies but that was just another matter. There were so many facets of being a Hawks' to learn, and to abide by, it was daunting. Ajax would gladly have left it behind. If it had not been for his Uncle holding out just a bit of hope, he would not be here now. 

Frost stepped up his gait to match the horses. He was ready to break into a run if he had to, just in case. The people back there, they might get a "notion" and change their minds. The more space between himself and them the better! Frost would have run from right here, clear into Santa Fe if he could have. Mike had done a lot of "things", but he felt angry about this one. Stupid, doctor had found him. He had come back from his walk early. The old man caught Frost right in the act. There was no denial that he could give that would hold water. It made Frost mad all over again. He could have had a small fortune. "The man was a hoarder... keeping his treasure close." Mike Frost had watched him real carefully like. He saw his bag. He saw his instruments. Frost knew the doctor was pretty well set. A few minutes alone and a quick bit of handwork, and Frost would have been done. Mike himself would have then be well set himself instead. He would have had the doc's valuables and left the cart, no one the wiser. The stupid old man had to come back early. Stupid old man...  ... ...

Ajax road on down the path He held the end of the rope slack, but Frost kept right up with Ajax's horse anyway. Parker followed behind. He kept watching back toward the way they had come.  They had their prize. They were closer than ever to their goal. If they had arrived only a few moments later... the story might have been very different. Parker felt pretty good about Ajax's exchange with the big bruiser man back at the camp. Yet, he kept watch just the same, in case. 

As they left the glowing fire of the wagon, the camp and all the lamps from the pilgrims, the emptiness of the trail was again welcome. The darkness all around grew deeper. The stars in the sky seemed brighter and the moon shone vividly above. The clouds were breaking up. The smoke from the blaze behind them was lessening too. The smell however carried. It was strong on the air. Brimstone? Chemicals? Burned materials without names? A life's work, obliterated in a single instance. The sadness of the possibilities was unlimited.  

The two men had left Pollen, and Eric quite a ways out from the camp. It was longer to return than they remembered. There was little foliage here, but still some bushes and scrub eked a living out of the hard ground. Ajax knew they were close, so he slowed his horse. Frost was winded and glad for the rest, but his heart was beating loudly in his own ears. Not just from the exertion of keeping up. He was nervous or rather anxious for an escape. His blood pressure was more than racing. 

What was going to happen? Mike thought he could take the guy out on the horse easy enough. He could pull him right down, clobber him, and gain his freedom. But no. There were two captors. That plan would not work. He would just get shot for his efforts. That made it a different case altogether. Perhaps a chance would present itself. If it did... Frost would take it. At least he was not already dead. 

Parker watched the trail up ahead now. He knew they were close also. He kept an eagle eye on Frost. The stench of the man was incredible. Then he looked back again... just to make sure all was well behind them. The German seemed fine with letting Frost go, but if anyone changed their mind... they; Ajax and Parker both needed to be ready and react immediately. William Parker was not a man to be "snuck-up on", ever! The night had grown lighter with the brightness of the many stars above. It was also now easier to see... further. 

At just the right spot, Ajax stopped on the main path, turned his horse, and headed right off into the wild. Bill did the same thing. Parker had learned to admire the young man. He knew exactly who Ajax was, but Ajax had no real idea who he was. Parker liked to have all the cards in his hand or his pocket. It was not wise to be too chummy. In this case, he knew more than he had declared about, concerning Elizabeth Hawks. But to tell Ajax would tear the man apart. Even Parker could see that. Ajax doted on a woman miles, and miles away, but she had his heart in her grip sure enough. Sadly, it was her final grip. As she was gone. Lila Hawks had told Parker before he left. He also kept up with the news, by way of the Securers. There had been a message in Santa Fe. That is what they did in the shadows. "They" were very good at it. In a sense he was actually a lawman... so releasing Frost had not been wrong. Parker could always carry out justice if needed. He was a cog in the larger picture sure enough, but it was all about... keeping the rule of law. It never matters which, or rather where a Securer was on the world map, the oath was all the same. They were peacekeepers. At this point, he was unclear exactly what Frost had done and to whom? The list was probably very long indeed. Criminals had a smell that just got stronger with age. One step at a time. Forward was the answer. 

Moments later they all heard, "Hail. We are over here." Pollen called out. There was an odd, sound of relief in his voice that seemed altogether out of place. Pollen rarely ever let emotions of any kind show in his temperament or mood. This, however, was very clear. Ajax made note of it. Parker did the same. Even though he did not know the Egyptian near as well as his friend, he was in the business long enough to hear and readily recognize distress!

Ajax slowed his horse. Pollen stepped out from some scrub bushes. He was leading his horse still... The two pack mules were also on the line. He was standing next to them not riding. "We have company." The Egyptian nodded to the far side of what Ajax now could see as a clearing. Eric's white, and tan mount was visible. It seemed to become a bit brighter as the clouds shifted overhead and the sky opened up. The same for the rest of the area as well. To his brother's left were three other men. Ajax could not see their features well enough. Ugly looked all the same to him. They appeared to be rough cowboys, trail hands with guns. Two were mounted and one was not. They were all around, waiting for Ajax? It was a trap?

Pollen's tone was nearly as wrong as it could be. The additional strangers were not welcome, by his standards. He kept his face toward Ajax, but he cocked his head in such a way, to keep an eye on "them" also. 

Eric moved his horse a few paces into the clearing. He looked like a child in the candy store, just before he went home to find himself the owner of a large stomach ache. That thought made Ajax want to laugh. But the sound might be the wrong temper for this conversation. This was a pack of dogs, they were not even wolves. They were all lowlife cowards, scum from the gutters... castoffs. They were seeking weakness. They were looking for an opening. 

"Brother... What have you brought back? A fish?" Eric laughed. He sounded a little drunk. Giddy might be more a descriptive word. His plan, had come together. Well, or rather at least the men had finally shown up. Eric figured now he could not be stopped. 

"We have Frost, brother. Our goal is closer than it was." Ajax replied evenly. He was measuring his brother in the dark. He could see his outline sufficiently enough. Well, at least he could see his very white perfect teeth grinning in a wild smile. Ajax could fill in the rest by memory. All of it, revolting. 

"Let me introduce some friends. I met them back in Santa Fe. I hired them to help us." Eric was considering his options. "You know we are on our own out here. We are not part of a train anymore, so I figured we might need the extra guns." There Eric lingered on the word... "guns" too long. "You know for safety." Eric sounded very convincing if you liked the sound of rattlesnakes as they make their music.  

"Listen close to me, Eric." Ajax tried to get through. "There is a wagon camp full of angry people not far back there." Ajax motioned behind himself... where they had just ridden from. "Once they get to thinking maybe they are not happy with how things turned out, they may just be right along this way. Do you understand me?" Ajax returned. Eric did not respond. This new turn of events left him grasping for the next stage of his plan. Well, at least the one he had up until now, which in and of itself was just an outline. He needed to kill Ajax and make it look like an accident. Or... he needed to kill Ajax, Pollen, and the new man all three... to make sure there were no survivors... of their little adventure. He could go back home, take command and make up a story. It would be acceptable. His Uncle could not even stop him. He was the rightful second choice. Now with this new information; Mike Frost was in their hands, Ajax could possibly, find Sarah. If he did that all would be lost, and opportunity would be, or might be..., gone. That is unless he killed her as well? That would finish off the loose end. So many variables on the chessboard made Eric's head pound annoyingly.   

 Ajax turned his attention to necessities. He had wasted enough of his efforts on his little brother. If they were going to fight here, then they had best get to it. If not they had best get moving. "Pollen. Take all of the supplies off one of the mules and shift it to the other. Disperse whatever is necessary to the rest of all the riders here among us as necessary. Try not to leave anything. We might need all of it before this is over." Pollen nodded. Ajax continued, "Then, sit this man on the pack animal, and let's move!" Adding the last part as if he were an instructor straight from the point. Ajax now completely dismissed any further words from his sibling for the moment. Pollen went right to work, doing as he had been instructed. Parker held his tongue and waited. This could go either way and he wanted to make sure... if it went the wrong direction; Parker could still tilt things in Ajax's favor. The strangers had a very unsavory look about them even at this range under starlight. He dared not think what they would be to gaze upon in the light of day. Rogues, thugs... barflies, and low-lifers, trying to earn a dollar by killing someone they never met, for any reason given. No morals. 

The three strangers held their place. They looked over in Eric's direction. He was the reason they had made the trip out here. Yes, he had paid them, but he had promised there would be way more money to come. They did not want to mess up the big payoff. So, in consideration of the moment, they waited like dogs for their orders. The master deciding; Which way to send them? Which way to let them loose? Eric felt pretty strong at the moment. He had firepower now. He had loyalty. Well bought and paid for, but still. Mercenaries could be counted on for the right price. The new men were all, "on his side". 

Frost stood still. He listened to everything... every word. He wanted to run, to get out of here. By the look of things, he went from the pan to the fire directly. These were not saviors. They were men with their, own agendas. How did he fit in? Carefully, he took his hands and removed the rope from his neck. That was a good start. Mike felt instantly better. He kept an eye on Ajax the whole time. If there was going to be an issue, it would come from that direction. 

Then, Ajax turned on the man.. 

"I don't have time for nonsense. I have a couple of questions for you. You need to answer and be quick, or I will take you back now to "them", do you understand?" Ajax spoke clearly, loud enough for the whole group to hear. He thought he better get what information he could, as events were unfolding faster than he thought they would by far. Eric was getting antsy and wanted more. That had been the story of his whole life. Ajax should have expected nothing different. Out here in the open lands, life and death decisions were every day, sometimes even closer together than that. 

Pollen moved quickly while Ajax was talking. He worked fast to finish dividing the supplies. Mostly, he put them on the back of the other mule, a few things he placed on his horse, extra ammo, and such. Things of the most important, in a battle of any kind were given the highest priority. The rest; the bulky stuff he put in a pile a few feet away. They were things that might be needed but could be done without. 

"I am here looking for Max Houston. He was said to be on one of your wagon trains. It would have been at least a year back. Max had a little girl with him. He might have also taken an old woman, he calls Ma. I don't know much about that for sure... but I do know he had a daughter." Ajax waited a few moments. He watched Frost closely. The man had successfully removed the hangman's noose. That must have been a good feeling. A second chance was important. Would the man take it, and do better? 

"Max Houston?" The man mumbled. He glanced around at the other men in the circle. They were not the most friendly crowd he had ever entertained with a story. They meant business. Mike did not see any real reason to hold back. He could tell him what he knew and that was payment enough for his life. That is at least how he figured things. 

Mike Frost cleared his throat, glad to still be able to do so. "I do know a Houston. He was a big guy. Yeah." Frost started. "We had a bad trip. It was not my fault." There he stammered a bit and looked at the ground. "Our train was doomed. We had the sickness. I had to make..., I mean..., some of the pilgrims had to leave the group. They had to go on their own. If I had not done so they would have all died, the whole lot of them." In this last part..., he sounded stronger in volume than the rest. Perhaps he believed what he did was truly right. "Houston was among the sick." The last part he let out slowly. Would they hold all this against him, and kill him now? He had not thought that through all the way. Yet, Ajax's face had not changed in any bad way. He looked sadder than anything else. 

"Can you take us to the place you let them go?" Ajax figured he could go back to the site and maybe follow the trail that way. It would be a long shot, but it would be something. 

Frost continued. "You don't have to go... I already did. I went back after I got the rest of the pilgrims to Santa Fe. I went back along the same roads. I went back to every wagon, that had been left..., behind." His normally hostile voice turned gloomy. "I found dead people. Lots of them." Then he looked at the ground. The man continued, "I know the Houston wagon. I found them among the others. In their case, it was out by itself. It was also empty of life. There had been an old woman. She had died in the wagon. Her body had not been disturbed, it still lay there. A grave was nearby. It was of a man covered with a pretty blanket of flowers, and then rocks were piled high on top of that. Someone had tried to treat the body with respect, that could not dig a grave. It must have been the girl. There was no sign of her. If there had been I would have brought her back." Then, that is where he got just a little softer in tone and volume. "There were Indian signs. Comanche I think. They take children sometimes as their own." He offered. It was not as a positive thought, but as a reality of fact to present. 

"Comanche?" Ajax spoke the word out loud, rolling it around. It was like the face of a new enemy, yet unseen, but one to be dealt with to obtain a goal. It was a strong word. 

Pollen was done. There was no extra saddle at all, but there was a least a mule to ride for the new man. 

"Give the reins to Frost," Ajax commanded Pollen. The man complied. 

Frost did not have to be told twice to get on. He looked back into the darkness behind them. The German was a mean man. He would not let this go. Frost was sure. Even if all was well according to Ajax, Frost knew he had made some real enemies back there. He had best make sure he did not forget. Did that mean that he was now among friends? No. 

All this time Eric was busy taking things in and considering his options. He hated making snap choices. Yet he needed to be rid of both Ajax and Sarah Houston. They now had a different layer to their mission. They were going to have to search the Indian nations? No. He was just going to have to make enough trouble, that "she" was surely no more issue at all. He could do that. Eric was good at disturbing people. 

Pollen moved back to his horse and got on. He did not like the man; Frost, but he held his tongue. Actually, he did not figure that he would, just from the man's reputation. They had after all come this far just for this individual, to get what they needed. That was all. Fate, and faith were close together, but not sisters. They were more like cousins... not always giving you the same outcome, but teasing you with their kinship. 
 
The other hired guns were still waiting, watching and wondering how they could get paid... the most? Eric measured his chances... Then he spoke, "I wanted to let you know... Elizabeth was pretty, and I killed her." The words caught and held Ajax in an iron grip. "It was very personal." The man added. Then, "Father even..." his brother trailed off. Eric did not finish that sentence. What had he meant to say? Why had he stopped short? Had he already said too much? 

motion Eric entertained ever. Eric was a killer, a blood-thirsty dirty man. Eric Hawks spoke again, like a king upon his throne, not a man on a horse at all. "I am telling you this because I wanted to see your face before you died. I have thought of it often. I am going to kill you now or rather have you killed." The smile on his face was surreal. Evil manifested in his features. There was "pleasure"..., in his eyes. 

Ajax was stunned. How had he missed so much?

Ajax could not see clearly. He was blinded by fury, hate, and betrayal. All the emotions putting a knife in his heart. He knew, but he never dared give it form and shape. Now his brother picks this moment to just blatantly come clean? Eric must be truly sure of the outcome. Ajax's first instinct was to pull his gun and shoot it out right here. But that would put others into the path of his vengeance that did not deserve to be there. He was losing his grip on sanity and putting aside good sense. His free hand reflexively went to his holster. 

"If you die here, he wins." A voice... calmly broke his stride into a rage. It was Lila, his mother, speaking from years ago. It was a lesson. The family had rules. The most important thing to remember was not to break them, as there were always consequences. 

"Kill them," Eric commanded. Inside, a switch had been levered to the down position. Full boar, full speed, no stopping was now the order of the day, or in this case night. The three guns complied lightning fast. 

It was still dark, the time somewhere after 2:00 am. Bill Parker was there. He was there the whole time. No one noticed him, as he was the quiet type generally. Yet, he spoke very well with his guns. The first of the three bad guys dropped backward from his mount. He had been hit square in the chest with a .45 caliber bullet. It had torn his ribs apart, exploded his insides, and passed through his spine. The force of the metal split the man nearly in half. The corpse, the remains hit the ground hard. His eyes were already half empty and the last of his few breaths, easy to count for a child that just started school. 

The second man was hit in the shoulder. It was not too deep, mostly a graze but it stung like fire. Mortis stayed on his horse with an effort and turned to leave away from the clearing. He had used his own gun but missed his mark. The third bad guy had been harder to aim at. He had been completely ignored as he was not within Bill's line of sight. In a surprising; fluid motion the bad man had mounted his horse and also turned from the clearing. He had come this far for cash, not death. He rode out into the night. Once out of the semi circle of scrub trees he slowed. This would end quickly and if his side won, then he needed to be handy. He turned back to shoot again.  

Eric was now yelling at the top of his lungs, "Kill them!, Kill them! Kill them!" The one-man, a defender to his cause turned and started shooting wildly behind himself. The second joined the attack. A stray shot hit Pollen in the neck. He flew backward and nearly lost his balance from his seat on his horse. Ajax moved to his side immediately. He grabbed Pollen's reigns and held them tight. Then he kicked his horse away from the position he was in. He tried to get out of the line of fire while heading back the way they had come. Pollen was his responsibility. The Egyptian had been closer to him than a father, yet had never shown Ajax any true kindness. But he had been a mentor and teacher. In Ajax's warped sense of honor that was the same thing. 

Parker saw what Ajax was up to, and kicked his own horse in the flanks to follow. He kept his guns out and held high while shooting into the dark side of the clearing at random. Eric had moved back to a safer position but continued to yell just the same. 

Frost had not waited around. He simply grabbed the reins of his mount and kicked its sides. He wanted to be somewhere else and the beast was going to take him there one way or the other. As he left the general area he had a second thought. He had no food, no friends and he was a long way from anywhere. The Lawman was out of the picture. That meant what was left, might just be a good fit. Perhaps his run of bad luck had turned after all. He slowed the mule and turned it back. There he hunched down and waited for things to settle.  

The two bad men still left alive were giving it their all to follow directions. They were bloodthirsty for the drink of money. Eric had made big promises, and they had believed him. Their dead friend only made them angrier, and more sure they were going to collect, even if it were from the hide of their current boss. Once out of the immediate area both dogs turned and used their guns. They kept firing until they had no more bullets.  

The night was filled with dark music... bullets singing through the air... like biting birds. The light of the stars seemed to grow a bit brighter, and the moon's face a bit larger... all spectators, watching from the sky. 

The miracle Ajax figured was that they, their group had made it this far at all. He always knew his brother wanted his position in the family. However, he did not believe it would have escalated to this level. Ajax had learned a lot about life while on the trail. He had grown in ways he had not expected. The truth behind the man, Eric his own flesh and blood... it had been revealed not once but many times in the past. Before this point Ajax had held no malice. This incident was far more horrific than any to date.   

ilitary school together. Ajax had accepted his savior Jesus Christ. If he had not been born again at that time, he would have never allowed so many egregious trespasses' over the years since. Some were just small slights, while others outright assaults on a "brotherly" level. Now... Ajax felt simply numb. How could he forgive?  

Betrayal of family was not a new concept. Killing a sibling to gain positioning, was also not new. It was a time-honored tradition for some in areas concerning the acquisition, and advancement of their goals. The Hawks' family had seen more than their share in their long history. 

"Father, even..." Eric's voice was an echo. The words haunted Ajax. Heron must have put his "okay" onto every move Eric had made. The taint of darkness led from the son, back to the father. That opened new avenues of thinking. Most were not kind thoughts at all.    

 23) The German

The big man watched the flames dance about, wondering why they were so bright? The colors were lovely and interesting. There were chemicals, and other magical stuff no doubt aboard. He looked over at the doctor. The man was beside himself with loss. "Abigail put the doctor in the wagon. We need to get some rest. Tomorrow will come early, even if we are not ready." His thick accent, somehow comforting in the dark which was otherwise closing in as the flames died away. 

The other folk standing around listened. They too had... had enough. The wagon with secrets, and perhaps clandestine riches was a total loss. Mike Frost was no longer an issue. He had been dealt with anyway. They no longer had a trail boss, but that was okay too. The big German "Shultz" was now in command. No one asked if he wanted the position. It had just been heaped upon him. He had not declined, so they took it as acceptance. 

Abigail was so proud of her husband. He was always stepping out and doing more than was necessary. That was his personality. It had always attracted her. The man was a lion among sheep. She went to the doctor's side. She patted him on the back, and helped him stand. Then she walked him out of the area. She went back to their own wagon. It was not far. The poor man had lost all that he had. She knew that her man, Adrian was a good man. If he wanted to help this stranger, it was the right thing to do. 

Slowly the gawkers left also. They went back to their homes on wheels. They went back to their beds. Tomorrow would be hard, and the task was consistent. Each step west was a pace toward a better future. It was not without hardships, that was sure enough, but it was totally in line with "hope".  

Shultz stood for a while. He watched the others leave slowly. The fire was ever getting smaller. The blue flames were the last of it. They were pretty. Then they too were out. He wondered what they had been? What would make such a color... last so long? 

Adrian Shultz was a man of action normally. But he was slow to it. He did not get mad easily, and he had never held a grudge. This Frost guy, and he had met by accident. Adrian and his wife just wanted to go west, like all the rest. They wanted a new life, with promise. Yeah, Shultz had been fooled like all the others. Michael Frost was smooth, like a baby's bottom. But his words were more like what came out of that, from time to time. 

The upside of everything was that they, their small group had made it this far on the Santa Fe trail, and were still alive. They were a team, not the best-combined effort, but still a unit. The primary goal was to reach Santa Fe at this point. After that, the whole group could split up again and find their way. That was just fine with the German. It was a challenge, getting them there. But, he could do that. He could get them to their goal. His heart was sure of it. Adrian had listened closer than most others to Frost's real words. The crook had given him enough to succeed, or at least he believed so. He would push the rest of these folks to their limit and get them that far or die trying. After that, he might go on to the California fields of bright gold, and treasure for the taking? Maybe... Maybe not...? He was a farmer, and just wanted a bit of land for himself and his woman. God had been good to him so far, getting him here. He would never give up, he would never stop. 

The moon was full this night. It cast a nice light across the land. There were very few trees here... It was cold, at least in the eves. Schultz smiled. If this was the worst of things, and he hoped it was... then they were all blessed. 

Ajax did not want a fight. He had not planned a fight. It came to him. Seemed like all bad things, always came to him. Like everything else in his life... circumstances just ran over or him  at least tried to. He held tightly to the reigns of Pollen's horse. He kicked his own much harder than he meant to. It leaped in response. They were out of the clearing almost immediately. Ajax said nothing but secretly prayed, "Hang on!"... concerning the old man. Flashes of his own life assaulted his mind. So many pictures where the "Egyptian" was a huge part of everything, collided together. He had been more a father to the boys than Heron by any measure at all, taken. How had he, Ajax not been more aware of this treachery until now. His pulse was racing and his breathing was hard. He had to save Pollen. 

Ajax was full of doubt, more so than ever before. He should have been ready for Eric. In history; how many kings, queens, lords, and political leaders... "royals"... murdered for advancement? The answer was so vast a number, it was a quandary for theologian's fighting between optimism and pessimism. He just did not want to see. Maybe the lesson Ajax now had at hand, was "looking at ugly... full-on, and never turning away". It was something that had to be done as a leader. It was something that Ajax had always tried to avoid. Now...it had cost him dearly. How much so...?, he was unsure. But he had changed. The whole event had made Ajax's soul turn in the wind and scream, "God, help me!" The sound was silent, except to Him that matters.  

Eric was screaming too. He was not quiet, however! He had let the tiger loose and wanted it to eat his brother... figuratively. If there were a real tiger, he would have egged him on the same way. He had paid these men, and he wanted his money's worth. "Kill them... Don't let them get away!" He continued to yell at the top of his lungs. He held no gun at all. He was just a voyeur, watching the scene with malicious intent, yet not counting that the deaths... would be on his hands as well. It was just the same as if he had committed the direct crimes. At this point, he was counting on his father, Heron. If he simply got rid of all the problems... then the answer would be at hand. Heron would honor him and welcome him home. Even his Uncle could not stop him... Eric was the rightful... "next in line". 

Bill Parker kept shooting. The two remaining bad guys had moved off a bit. Ajax had the reigns of the Pollen man and was actively leaving the area. Bill followed. He kept shooting from his saddle, back into the darkness. Before long, the sounds of skirmish were behind them. He stopped shooting. He was out of bullets and needed to reload. That was okay. He could reload quickly enough. 

Now, they were closer to the main trail Ajax did not slow down. Instead, he turned east, toward the German, and his small wagon train of men, and women. There Ajax figured there would be more numbers. There would be witnesses. Eric would not be so bold, to have so many observers present. He was right... as Eric did not follow. 

Frost himself had moved out of the way. He wanted to run, but where to? If he took off back to the main path, he might have to deal with the other people, that wanted him dead. This group was still a question mark. The man that had saved his life now seemed to be in trouble. Frost felt no compulsion at all to help. If it was not in his direct favor he saw no positive gain in that. Besides, the guy had told the German he was a lawman. That meant he was the enemy sure enough. As for the others... they were his kind. He understood them... Ugly always sees ugly clear. 

Frost moved out of the way. His mule responded. Normally he did not like mules. But in this case, he had to say it was far better than walking. He would have road a goat if would carry him far away from the German. 

Ajax kept moving. Help was close... he knew. At least to people, that might not turn them away? The man road on. Pollen made no sounds at all but held on as he could. His grip was becoming weaker. 

Parker followed his friend and Pollen into the night.  The stars were still bright... The moon overhead cast a glow across the land. It made things so clear, that had been hidden only a short time before. All clouds had moved away. Later, Parker would think it all over, and figure out how things could have gone better? At the moment he knew the old man had been hit. How bad was uncertain. 

Up ahead, the small circle of wagons was still right where they had been left them earlier. Ajax slowed a bit and tried to figure out who to speak with first. Then a man called out. 

"Hay... Who are you?" The sentry was a young man of fifteen. But he was dead serious about his position and a dead shot with anything he held in his hand. That had earned him a lot of respect more than once. His name was Carole Campbell. He was tougher than most his age as his name caused a bit of trouble, now and then. But he always set the situation right, one way or the other. 

"I am looking for the big German," Ajax responded immediately. "My friend here is hurt bad. I know you have a doctor. Please help us." The rich..., spoiled man..., humbled himself . 

"Wait right here, mister... I will go get Shultz." The boy whistled low. He wanted Herbert to hear him leave. That was the second guard, hidden beneath the wagons nearby. He would watch the strangers, while Carole handled the errand. Then the younger man turned and ran off. He left his post, but he could easily see there had been no lie or deception. Carole was a good judge of character, for his age. It was a funny gift. Only a few moments passed, and the big man that Ajax was looking for was already there. Carole returned on his heels as well. Then Carole whistled low to let Herbert know he was back. 

The German walked straight over to Ajax. "Did not expect to see you again lawman." The immense fellow began in a friendly tone as he drew closer. Then... Shultz stopped. He was still just a few feet away. Schultz could get a good look at the group now. 

Carole made a noise from back behind him. Shultz looked his way and nodded assent. Then returned his attention onto Ajax. Carole took it as a yes... and went back to his regular duty. He stepped toward the wagons and disappeared neatly into the bushes. 

Then Shultz looked at Ajax with a stern gaze mixed with concern. He motioned in Carole's direction. The boy said you were in need." Shultz glanced over at Pollen. The man was hunched over in the saddle. "Here, let me help. The doc does not have a bag of tricks anymore, but his head is still full of information. That is worth everything in the end. The rest can be replaced." As Adrian spoke he walked easily to Pollen's side. He reached up and took the man in his arms like he was a rag doll. Shultz being way over six feet plus, and well-muscled it was not a surprise. "You stow your horses... with the rest on the line." Adrian nodded. "Then come to my wagon. Your man will be there..." referring to Pollen. "That is where the doc is now."

The Hawks' man was elated that these people were even here. Had this terrible night occurred anywhere else, they would have been too far from assistance. Pollen might have a chance, that he never would have had. Ajax found he was saying prayers under his breath and to his amazement, the answers were being made real before him.

Shultz figured his plan was fine, and agreeable so he turned and headed back to his wagon. He did not wait for Ajax to say, yes or no. There he found the doctor already wide awake and gathering what he could for tools. Adrian's wife, Abigail was helping. She was putting together a list of items to fetch. As Shultz approached, they asked a dozen questions, but the big man just went to the wagon. He climbed in easy enough, Pollen's body was still no more than a child's doll to him in size, so the Egyptian was easy to manage. There he put the smaller man down in his own bed. He noticed the man's neck..., and right shoulder were both bloody. He turned and moved out of the way. Adrian let the doctor take over. Not for the last time, he was glad to know such a smart, educated man. 

Shultz removed himself from the wagon and let the doctor do his business. He rejoined his wife just outside. Adrian kissed her on the brow and then set about rebuilding the low fire. Once done, he took his own chair and moved it close to the welcome blaze. There he waited for his guests. His wife went off to finish gathering a few items, and then returned and made coffee. They, the new men, and Shultz would talk for a while surely before getting any rest. Tomorrow would be extremely hard going. Or at this point it was already today... So far the huge man had not had a single wink. He would likely do without altogether, but it would not be the first time. 

Ajax and Parker saw to their horses and Pollen's as well. The young man, Carole had stepped back from watch long enough to help once again. Hector had covered, for just a bit. Carole took the quick opening and showed the strangers where they could get food, and water for themselves and their mounts, within the camp. He also showed them where the two could lay their blankets, to sleep. That is if they were going to get any at all. Then he returned to his duties. The boy was sharp and trustworthy. 

Ajax and Parker went on to the main wagons. There they found Shultz waiting. Ajax did not have good news of any kind. He wondered how much help he could receive from the new wagon master? Shultz seemed to have been promoted, or at least that was the feel of things all around. 

"Come on over friend. I know you are tired and have a story to tell. You already know ours," referring to the fire earlier, and Frost. "I am very interested in hearing yours." 

Two extra stools had been set out for their use, Ajax and Parker's. They were hand-made, by Shultz himself. He would have left them behind like all the rest of his past, but they made him feel connected still. They had been in his mother's house for years. There were only three. No one ever knew what happened to the fourth. He had made one, but it was just gone. Three was enough this night. Three... His own was already by the fire. The other two were strategically set nearby. 

Ajax walked right up. He figured he better face the stranger and tell him everything. Whatever happened after that he would just deal with like all the rest. Ajax sat down on the seat provided. Parker did the same next to him. He liked to keep quiet. Ajax was in charge. He could always do his own thing, but the Hawks' man had done well up until now. He should have guessed at Eric's intentions. The flaw was visible in Ajax. He wanted and desired to see the good, and refused to see anything else. Parker's being sent by Lila... left him with mixed emotions about Ajax, her son. Parker was supposed to bring him back. But once Ajax knew his wife was no longer alive?, that was going to be harder than ever before. Eric had robbed Bill of hope. Now it was going to be near impossible without the Head of House wanting to go home himself. Bill had to admit that if he had a wife and knew she had been murdered, he would never rest until vengeance had been taken. Bill would hunt the murderer down and kill him slow. Knowing that nothing was without "depth" he would then look into who was behind that... and remove them as well. (and so on...) So now, he would have to convince Ajax. Yet, Parker was not a man of words. 

"Thank you. That is what I want to say. Thank you." Ajax began. "We were jumped by men on the trail. Frost got away." That part sunk his heart for sure. Shultz had trusted Ajax and events had gone wrong. 

"Out here, that is not so unusual my friend. I am glad to see you and your man here are okay. The third," He pointed toward his wagon. "The doc will fix him right up. We have seen worse along the road, and the doc did his magic there too. So, ease your worries, my friend." 

Abigail walked up. She had a tray in her hands with a giant pot in the center. There were cups as well. "Coffee?" She smiled. The woman was really pretty in a plain way. She had brown hair and brown eyes. It was her sweet face that made a man want to say yes... to anything she asked... even twice if she needed it or not. 

All three men accepted.

Ajax drank the hot liquid like it was water. It felt painful,  but incredible going down. It brought sanity to an insane situation. The shock of things came like a "hush" or worse a chocking to his soul in unrest. The emotion threatened to overwhelm Ajax. He blurted out, "We were attacked." His voice gained a bit of control. "We got jumped."  The reality of the event had not set in until now. He wanted to say more to Shultz. He found he could not. To tell him it was Eric... shooting... or at least having hired those to carry out the job... Wow... he found himself stumped. Finally, Ajax breathed out, "Thank you.". It was all he could finally manage. 

"You are welcome to ride with us. We are heading to Santa Fe." Shultz continued as if he had not noticed Ajax's face. It had turned oddly distorted, mixed in anger and sadness, twisted by brotherly love, unveiled as deceit, and betrayal. 

Parker spoke up. "That would be nice of you. We would be happy to help out as well. Good shots, and good trail hands, at your service, Sir." Parker smiled, at least halfway. He meant it. These were good folk, and the world needed more like them. It would make his job in life so much easier. He killed "human" wolves for a living. He hunted dog-men, that had no spirit. How he got this job; the wheel had turned upside down. The man was confused a bit between the idea of a real friend, Ajax... and serving the Securers. What would they want him to do now? The chips had shifted and the cards had been reshuffled. He was not a big games man, he was usually a "follow the directions" kind of guy. But out here, a man had only one path. It was the right path of good. The other direction was not a trail, it was an ending to everything. 

It had never mattered to Parker before who was in the "house"...? Who had "power"...., "control"? Who would make the greater decisions of the next generation to further a Pact that was created long before he was anything, not even a dot upon the horizon? The man had been schooled and instructed in the ideas of a better tomorrow by way of helping the elites. It was nearly a religion in its tone. He never really got that part, however, "the elites".  Ajax was supposed to be one of them. In the beginning, he had his doubts for sure. Now he saw him as just a man. But he had plenty of potential. He would make a good Head of House simply because he had empathy and compassion. Those two traits created good rulers in Parker's way of thinking. But he was a low man on the pole. Nothing he cared about one way or the other would ever make any difference to those involved on the higher levels. But out here, he was his own man. 

"Thank you again for everything." Parker stood up. He held out his hand. Shultz stood as well. They shook. 

Ajax seemed to come out of his stupor. He was thankful Bill had stepped up and helped out. He felt a little sick inside and it was not getting better. Maybe it never would. He stood up as well and extended his hand. Shultz accepted and shook it too. 

"You all, better get some rest, what you can of it anyway. The day is coming on soon. The doctor will take care of your friend." Shultz reaffirmed, and finished speaking. Then he smiled warmly. 

"Thank you..." They both muttered goodnights and turned away. They went back to where Carole had told them they could lay their blankets down. 

Shultz picked up the coffee cups and took them back to his wife. He kissed her sweetly and told her he would make a bed, beneath the wagon... for them this night. Then he went to be about it. The sun was coming... in less than a handful of hours.

Eric, out in the lands now alone, without Ajax was beside himself. He was livid things had not gone better. He had hoped at least Ajax would have been taken care of.  He had lost one man, and another was hit. The last was not easy to control. His name was Duck. Eric did not care how he got the name or why. He did not particularly care for the man. But in this line of work, you took what you could get. Obviously, Eric had chosen poorly. He would need replacements. 

What to do? He would go back to Santa Fe at this point. That was somewhat closer than Independence. He would get more men and hunt down both Ajax and the imp, implying his sister's child. Frost... that man... he would be helpful. Eric liked that thought a lot. 

Eric scanned the area. Mike Frost was still there. Goodman! Duck was also close and the other fellow was as well. His name was? Oh yeah, Mortis. Kind of an odd title to give any child? Mortis means death or dead color. Eric wondered if he knew that? Probably not. He was kind of dumb.   

Eric did not care again. They were just hired rats to eat the flesh of the unwanted. Those actions and the general dealings of the lesser people were unimportant. They all had strange ways indeed. But they were useful, no matter what he called them. That was enough. 

"We are going back to Santa Fe. We are going there now." Eric spoke like a commander. Or, at least he tried to sound like he was still in control. He tried to mimic; his brother. "We are closer to there than anywhere else." He finished. 

Duck spoke out from not far away. "Jeff is dead. That man shot him clean through." He was more than a little put out. "I am going to hunt that varmint down, and show him some real manners!" The last part having numerous meanings. 

"Staying here won't accomplish that. My brother will head to Santa Fe as well. He will head there because Pollen was hit. He will go for help." Eric continued. This part to himself, low... "He will also try to send a message back home." Then his hard head wrapped his mind around the real problem. Eric needed to send his own, message. He would have to go to the fort, or rather camp... they had. The military was still working on installations. He would have to use his push to get them to send a rider. But they would do it. He still had that kind of power. He meant to keep it too. He would need supplies and money, to buy more men. He would have to hunt down Ajax directly now. He would also have to look for the girl. Frost had said the Indians had her. Well, he would do his best to make sure they did not keep her. He would cause plenty of trouble... maybe even put up a banner in town... "Reward"... for green-eyed imp. That made him smile when he did not otherwise feel like doing so. 

How did he know what she looked like?
Because he had seen her, the day she came to visit with Victoria.
It happened only once, but he would never forget.
She had green eyes!

Duck moved to where Jeff lay on the ground. He bent down and took Jeff's leather belt and gun. Then he searched the dead man's pockets. Duck was looking for valuables. Not for himself of course, but to send to Jeff's widow. At least that is what Duck mumbled under his breath. No one really listened or cared. The man came away with a few dollars, a paper that read "Mine" at the top, and a watch. He put it all in his pocket. 

"See you on the other side." Duck whispered. It was not a nice sound, more like a creepy promise to be fulfilled later. 

Mortis's shoulder was not too bad, but he was bleeding. Duck then moved from Jeff to Mortis. He helped him tie off a bandage around both his shoulder and arm. Duck secured it to the man's waist. That stopped the bleeding for the moment, but the trip ahead was going to be hard, very hard. They had just a few days to go. Even if they rushed their horses. It was still going to be long hours, rides without end. They were not that far from Santa Fe, but... still. Duck followed Mortis to his horse and helped the man into the saddle. Then he went back to his own and mounted. The light of the moon cast a crazy glow across everything. You could nearly read it was so bright if you had the notion. This group was probably not big on that, however.

Eric turned his horse away from the scene. He moved over toward Frost, who was still nearby. His mule was not in a hurry to ride, but at least he had an animal. "You coming?"

Frost looked Eric up and down. If evil had a mirror image, it would look much like these two men, standing together in the dark. They did not have to say much. Each had their agenda, but they also knew they were somehow twisted together. Fate pushed all the right buttons, as Frost nodded his head. Eric continued down the path. Frost followed. The other two men, now mounted went along as well. The man on the ground... was just left behind. There was to be no burial at all. He was simply, food for the animals. His horse... having wandered off in the fray... was also left behind. Normally Duck might have gone after it, but the boss was already on the road out. He meant to keep a close eye on the Hawks' coward, to make sure the rich fellow handed over all that was due. 

 24) The Actions of Others, Guilty by Proximity

Eric rode... off into the night. He went back the way they had come. He finally stopped as the sun came up over the horizon. His horse already exhausted needed to stop too. The night's events dancing in the last shadows, jeering and leering at him. He had failed. Ajax was still alive. He had also admitted that he killed Elizabeth. He should not have done that. He had stated his mischief out loud... in front of Pollen, and the other men. He let that bother him for a breath or two, then figured he would just come up with another plan to handle things. It would need to be a better one than the last one; obviously! 

While yet another part of Eric's deeper self, whispered contentment, even "joy" to his soul. It was like an inner child, playing with a memory; over, and over again... watching the event in slow motion. Then restarting the cycle again. The man, Eric Caesarian Hawks had truly taken pleasure in the whole affair. The action(s) that he had gone through... when he killed Elizabeth was a gift from his father. He had been let loose finally. He felt powerful then, and he felt even more powerful now. 

The very moment of Elizabeth's death, the clock on the wall... all of it; just a game... Eric had thought up the entire scenario. He had dwelt upon the images in his head for years. Then it was finally a reality. That was incredibly gratifying. He loved that the news of her demise had tortured his brother. He was going to murder Ajax also, sure enough... but a little extra torment, and anguish afflicted against the man, was just a bonus. His face had been perfection... even in the near-complete dark of the night.  

Frost and the other men followed Eric. They rested for a while. Then they moved on. Eric needed to beat Ajax back to Santa Fe. He needed to send a message to Heron. Eric needed money and supplies, and it would come from there. He needed to buy more men too. Better men than he already had for sure. He needed to word his message just right. He would add the family symbols too. The ones that were used in times of great urgency would get the true message across. Heron could be counted on. His father had sent Eric on this mission himself. So he wanted his father...to be proud. Eric would succeed... he would!

Eric Hawks was a "needy" child, and he was an even "needier" adult!
Observations made by the houseman. 

The same beautiful sun which cast a light on Eric and his band woke the wagon train up with brightness. A welcome shine to start the new day, for all the pilgrims, or at least that is how they viewed it. The only bad part was the smell. The burned, and melted wagon was a total loss. It would be good to be far from the wreckage as quickly as possible. They would travel and leave the memory of the night behind. For some it mattered little, for others, it was life-changing. 

Ajax and Bill were up early as expected. They had worked a wagon train before so they knew what was anticipated as to their jobs. Ajax wanted to set right out, and get help. He wanted to report his brother to the Santa Fe Sheriff as a murderer, and form a posse. He wanted to get a message to the family. They would do something surely? This was wrong, all wrong! Then he remembered the evils of the night before. Pollen... how was he? That pushed all the rest of the list in his head to the back. Ajax went to the big German's wagon. There he found Adrian's wife already hard at work making breakfast. The doctor was there too. He was sitting by the small fire, drinking something hot. 

"Good day young man." The doctor greeted Ajax. "Good day to you both." seeing that Bill Parker was just behind the other man. "Come and sit. Abigail makes great coffee, and no one beats her breakfast. I don't know how she does it with no real kitchen. She even makes fine...powder biscuits. I had not had those since I left home." The old man looked misty for a moment. It passed, and his cheerful expression returned. 

"Thank you, Sir." Ajax greeted him back in return. "How is my friend?" Referring to Pollen. The Hawks' man motioned toward the wagon. 

"He will be okay. I got the bullet out. The wound is clean and he is pretty strong. I would say..., keep him safe, warm and don't move him, but that last part would be hard." His smile was true and warm. "Don't look so worried. The wagon will be okay." he continued. "Oh, and thank you. I received the bag of stones. You are a very generous man. I am glad I could return some of the extra you gave me by helping your friend." The doctor watched the young man closely. 

Shultz came around the corner of the wagon. "Nice to find you two so close at hand." Referring to Ajax, and Parker who was standing not too far away from Ajax himself. "We have a broken wagon wheel on the last wagon. Going to need some extra hands to put it on while I lift it up." 

That made Ajax smile. He had a quick picture in his head of the giant before him lifting the wagon all on his own. He had no doubt the man could, and would do just that. Ajax did not hesitate. "Ready." His mood was considerably lightened by the news regarding Pollen. As to the other part... being generous... he did not respond. Ajax felt that he had not paid enough. The poor man had lost everything. Ajax, on the other hand, was able to gain a great deal from Frost. He was still moving forward. If it were not for his crazy brother, they might even now be searching the wagon site of his brother-in-law and best friend, Max Houston. They might find signs as to which tribe was nearest in the area at... or... around the right time of their passing through. It was just a hit, and miss, possibilities but so far he had done pretty well on that account.  

Bill Parker took a deep whiff of breakfast. Bacon, eggs...biscuits...., and gravy surely, if he were not mistaken at all. How had the magical pioneer woman performed such miraculous cooking feats? Better than any fancy place, Bill had ever had the privilege to enter.  His heart was torn, but a cold breakfast was better than none. "Ready." His answer was just a little less enthusiastic than he meant it to sound. His mother told him many a time; "Work and earn your meal." It was not the most pleasant thought, but it had been drilled into his head. Good manners were important, even out here... when there were few if any to watch, and see. What a man did when he was not in the presence of others, said everything about himself anyway or so Bill believed.  

The day began with work and ended with work. There were also chores, and more labors to do at night, while others rested. That was the way of the trail, that was the rule of the wagon train riders. It took longer to get to their final destination, but Ajax was glad to have found help at all out here. Pollen would surely have just died. Ajax would have paid whatever it cost, and done whatever was necessary to prevent that from happening. If that meant his "labors", no problem. In this case, it was also "time", which he gave grudgingly. Time was taken but not wasted. It was used to heal Pollen which was of course a good thing. When he finally arrived in Santa Fe, he would also have a well-laid plan in place... in his head... Ajax would know what to do, and in what order. He just had very little patience and wanted revenge. 

Elizabeth, sweet innocent Elizabeth, he should never have left her. He knew he should have taken her with him and run. He should have tried. Ajax thought she would have been safer without him. The family would not normally act directly in such a fashion. His father, Alexander the great... was flawed... His father never fit his name. Heron, the true, must be desperate. His father always being one way, and then another... good and evil he thought? No. They were the same, Ajax knew. There was no good there at all. 

Power struggles within the structure of the Plato Pact were sometimes difficult to manage. But that was a separate issue. If it bled over into his personal life, that was too far. 

Then other thoughts came and went... Not all good, mostly, if nearly all bad... Regardless... racing to vie for position in line!

Was his father also in... on... Hannah's death?
Did his father directly kill Hannah, or have her killed...? It was equally the same thing.

Ajax felt hate for his birthright. He had never thought of himself as overly special. They, his family and those in charge had tried for generations to come up with a perfect human, and so far he was not impressed. He knew he was a rich man with a lot of power. That is how it felt anyway, and at least to him it was closer to the truth. That is if you were to take Eric into the equation, which you had to do. You could not just cut off branches of the tree. If you did, then the whole structure was flawed. The root was more than likely diseased at the base. The premise might have been good in the beginning by people with positive intentions. But humans by nature are evil, or so Ajax had come to understand. They could not be trusted, especially if they did not know God. That was the only difference between one man from the next. 

The days and the nights passed.

Eric was not held down by slow pilgrims, so he arrived in Santa Fe not too long after that evil night. He was hungry and tired. Eric had ridden his horse to its limits, and then some. The poor beast was barely alive. The other men, and their mounts were not much better off.  Mortis's wound had slowed them down a little, but not by much. Eric was fully aware he had better beat his brother to his father. Mortis got off light... He could have been dead like Jeff. 

Eric gave a few dollars to the hired hands. They had said little. Duck accepted the money. Then he and Mortis went on to find other accommodations. for now. 

Eric still had some money left, but not sufficient for his liking. It was bad enough he had to endure the trail, but in town, he preferred proper accommodations.  Eric told the two henchmen to come back in seven days. They agreed to do so, as more money was involved. Buying loyalty was easy. Eric went on to tell them to meet him back at the saloon where they had first met. "Iris's". Eric liked that place. It had his kind of class. For now, he had work to do himself. They went their own way. 

Frost on the other hand stayed with him. He was like a piece of the new "chewing gum". It was a sweet recently invented by a man named John B. Curtis. It was a candy prepared from the resin of certain trees. Normally it was a fun treat. Yet if chewed too long, and then left in the heat in the sun, the outcome was not so good. It turned into a sticky kind of goo. Once you got it on yourself, it was hard to remove. 

Eric went to the right place. He went to the right shop. He knew where to go just like Pollen had. Eric was a Hawks' through and through. Only this time Mr. Farthing was a little less friendly about things. He seemed to know something was different about Eric over Pollen. But, he said little and did what was required of him. He got paid well either way.  

Frost found a new set of clothes, a handcrafted leather belt, a nice set of guns, and a few other things including an expensive hat... while in the merchant's store. He glanced over at Eric as he was putting on the handsome new lid. Frost looked good, and he knew it. Eric nodded and added all of the items to his bill. Frost was on his side. That felt right. Eric understood grubby "need". The smell was a special kind of odor. Mike Frost wore it like perfume from a fancy .10 barber... uptown. But he smelled that way... all the time. 

The Hawks' second son was on a mission and it had not changed. Just because Ajax was still alive meant very little. Eric had just declared himself openly. It had happened many times in history when one brother, went against another for the seat of power. This was the same. At least for Eric, it was. He left the store and went to a nice hotel. He did not go to the best, as his funds were getting ever smaller. It was simple and clean, which made it far below Eric's normal standards. The sacrifices he had to make now would be worth it later. The final choice, "The Gold Dust Hotel". Frost again went with him. They ate together at the restaurant inside the same building. Then Hawks signed them into the place. He did not buy the whole second floor or anything like that. Instead, he was humbled to be put in a single room toward the back. It was very far from a five-star place he was more accustomed to, as there were no stars at all shining anywhere. Regardless, this was their new home, until Heron, his father responded. Eric would keep low until the word was given. That would be the affirmation of his next step. 

Eric Hawks would need to be a total conqueror. He would have to prove not only to his father now but to the elders, that he was the better choice. If Ajax had just died, he would have easily assumed the placement. But now, he was going to have to give testimony, and evidence that he was greater. He would have to show he had the right merits to take the position. It was not going to be easy. He would of course have to make sure Ajax did die. Just to tie up any loose ends... Eric would arrange to cause a lot of trouble for the Indian nations too. He would pay the right people, and they would start a war. The Indians were already unhappy. There had been prior incidents before now. It would not take much. In addition, Eric could set a bounty on the green-eyed girl, his niece. That would lead to more deaths but all the right ones as far as he was concerned. Bounty hunters and would-be rescuers would help him find her. It would cost almost nothing. They would disrupt the Indian tribes in their hunt. In fact, for a relatively small amount, Mr. Hawks could cause quite a stir, across the land. It made him surprisingly happy. His mood was very lifted. 

The post... 

After days of waiting, pacing, and cursing the hours away as they crawled by, a message finally came. The horse, that had been on that mission which carried the rider in from the east was now near death. The poor beast in the corral at the edge of town, was swaying slightly, barely standing. Froth came from its mouth, and the owner of the stable figured the animal would die before the marrow. It would be merciful to simply shoot it. 

The rider, the hired courier was exhausted as well, but also well paid. The message, came straight to the hotel. Once there, he had waited in the lobby until Eric himself was brought before him. Then he handed over the leather satchel, containing a small package inside, and "a personal communication". His mission had been completed. The man did not wait to be tipped. He had finished, and all he wanted to do was go and sleep. So he did.   

Eric held the folded paper, a letter with a seal was  in his right hand. It was a little early to start drinking, being that it was only half-past the noon hour but his mouth was dry. The messenger that brought the note, the letter, the answer had just left. He had no idea where Frost was at. This was a good time to read the reply. Eric figured he would have nothing but good news. His father had given him the chance, and that point was important. He would succeed. The fact that he already failed badly seemed like a piece of the puzzle he preferred to ignore. The main plan, or at least most of it was still in place. 

Eric has accepted the parcel and went back to his own temporary but comfortable home. The hotel room was not large. It was about eight feet by ten feet. The accommodations were not too bad considering. It was a very busy place, Santa Fe. The people outside were a mixed lot. However, they all had one thing in common, they were here on their way to somewhere else. Well, maybe not every one of them but a great deal to be sure. Huge wood wagons pulling pilgrims lined most of the streets in both directions. There were carriages and other carts. There were many supply wagons too, heading out. Some were coming in, but all of it together was the makings of a new country... "expansion". 

The man sat on the bed. He put the leather satchel down. He still clutched the paper. He would read the answer first. Then, no... like a child, he could not wait. Eric put the sealed letter on the bed. He picked up the container, opened the flap, and looked inside. There was no bag of coins, no solid gold nugget to sell there was just a small box. He reached his hand inside. The moment he touched it his heart thumped harder in his chest. Eric... knew... he knew what it was. He knew what it had to be! 

Eric slowly drew the small wooden container from the bag. The whole room felt different. It was Christmas for a five-year-old. It was a holiday unmatched by even that. His hands shook a little at first, then they would not stop. He tried to slow his breath. It had become too short and quick to match his pulse.   

Eric opened the carved treasure. It was an ornate wooden container, a holding place for something of far greater value. The lid pushed back with the gentle force of his thumb, as he held it dearly in his hands. The ring was there, right there. "It" shown; like a fire, inside the container. It was the family crest in gold and silver..., the ring of the Hawks'. The circle of power was all his. Alexander Heron Hawks had proclaimed him, the first son". Eric slowly lifted the valuable piece of jewelry into his hand. He dropped the prison of wood, no longer needed. Eric slipped the ring onto the third finger of his right hand. It fit perfectly... as if it were made for him of course. He knew it would. 

How could this help him get what he needed?

The Hawks family had connections. The ring would buy much by simply showing it to the right person or people. Heron had sent him an unlimited supply of cash and materials in one package. He could not have done anything more decisive in his agreement with Eric's plans. The power of the noble treasure would make people respond better than selling gold or silver bars. It was real authority and influence. It was the promise of riches and rewards beyond all typical dreams.  

Now for the rest. Eric leaned over and picked up the sealed letter. He steadied himself. He felt better. His hand looked good with the ring on it, holding the paper. He could no longer wait to hear the words of his father, his dear father. Eric had never really thought he was loved at all, but now... this said more than he could hope for... more than he could dare to dream! 

One word... just one. That was all there was.  Eric knew exactly what it meant. There was only one way back home. One way to the seat of power. He accepted that fact. Now he had the means to win. 

The word; "Cain"

The meaning; Cain killed Abel. 

Somewhere... in the land to the north... summer was waning and fall had come. Aponi loved the change of seasons. She was the happiest she had ever been in her whole life. Well, that is to say since her parents had died. It had been hard to move on, but life was full of such heartaches. Even at her young age, she knew that more than one time over to be sure. Tall Feather had opened up her world to new possibilities. She would never have had that chance at such a "life" back home. Once her mother passed away, "They" would have come for her. That is why her father had left. 

Sarah Houston would have been collected. She would have been made to live a certain way and do a certain thing. It was the family rule. They would have used her. That was the message her mother made her remember. They were all "users". The family was evil. She called it, "the Clan". Victoria had been talking about her own; mother, and her own father. Victoria had told Sarah the whole history of their lies, and dark games. She further explained why Sarah could remember so much. Why she had traits, that were useful but to know she was just and always a lamb of God. Victoria had bestowed the gift of Jesus, in her daughter's life. She had received it from her husband. Max had led her to the Lord. Once the truth was made real and revealed, it could never be taken away. In her mother's own words, Victoria believed she had escaped the clique, the circle by way of marriage. Yet if she were gone, passed away; the elders would come, at least she feared they would. They would come for her child. 

Victoria Houston fully believed that the Hawks' and the Andrews' both were on the wrong path. They were lost. They were also not the only families included on the long list of names kept in the history books. 

It had been confusing to Sarah at first as she had been so very young. But the "gifts" she had from her very first breath as a child were in full bloom. It was perplexing to know so much and to find learning more important than eating at times. The best way to deal with the overload of ideas, memories, thoughts, and reflections was to live in the moment. Aponi did that very well. She loved her mother so much and kept all the secrets from yesterday safely tucked away. But the life she was living now was important. It was free of restraints. Tall Feather was a good father and a wonderful teacher. She was an exceptional student and felt blessed to have been saved by the man. She was twice blessed in fact as Brown Bear had also saved her, along with the "adventure man" Chilly. He liked that title. That is what she called him; the old man with the mule.   

Aponi nearly danced across the meadow. She had been gathering herbs all morning and found more than enough to make father happy. He had taught her the name of each one. Tall Feather had given her the secret information, and the knowledge of his ancestors as well. The weeds that heal, and the plants that kill, were very close at times. She made sure she knew the difference. 

The man, the Indian, Tall Feather had treated her like his own daughter as that is what she was to him. In return Aponi was grateful. 

 25) Always Moving Forward

Ajax and the wagon train finally arrived. It took too long as far as he was concerned. But it was the only way to get Pollen safely back to civilization. He was much better now, under the good doctor's care. Throughout the journey, Ajax had become quite close to the doctor. They even had a steady game of chess going every night after chores. Both men were a little sorry to see it end. 

The doctor's name was Doctor Slavyn McCoy. He preferred, just Doc. His father was a doctor, and his father's father was as well. Ajax found that incredibly important. Alexander... never did that for Ajax. Heron never supported any of his interests. He spent all his time tearing Ajax down for fear he would be better at anything, than himself. 

Yes, Ajax had been taught the rules, the laws, and the goals of their clique. But was it ever more than just that a group that believed a certain way? Yes, "They" had made progress in many areas. There were healthier people in the line, there were even smarter ones in the chain. He was a product of the grand experiment himself. To hate what "They" were was to hate the man in the mirror. 

The German had also become very good friends of both Ajax, and Parker. He was a superior man with a good heart. That was easy enough to see by his actions. 

Abigail, Adrian's wife was more than capable of nearly anything a woman of the times was called upon to do. She was an excellent cook, and kept everything Sunday clean. That was a miracle all in itself. She could also handle the wagon and the livestock nearly as well as any hired individual. They made a great couple. 

In the time before their arrival in Santa Fe Ajax had come to a decision. He was going to send Pollen back. He could not work and do as he must while taking care of the Egyptian. Yes, the man had done very well up until he had been shot. But things had taken a nasty turn, with Eric going totally insane. His hate for the man, his own brother was nearly intolerable, but his breeding, schooling, and training held Ajax back. It made him plan; instead of reacting. Ajax wanted to take the right actions at the right time, to reach his ultimate goal. He had to kill his brother. That was evident. There was now no choice at all. He still wanted to go after his niece too. She was out there, alone. That made his heartache. If he had been stronger before, maybe Victoria would never have had to run. That is what she did. Maybe it was not exactly how the family had seen it at the time. But it was the truth. 

The accidental meeting between Max Houston and his sister at his West Point graduation had changed the whole structure of things. Max had swept Victoria off her feet. That was not a shocker. He was handsome, smart, and could make anyone laugh. His open heart and boyish charm were bright in the light of day, or night. Ajax's friendship with the man had been basically against the rules. But no one took much notice of any of it at the time. 

Victoria was just a woman. She was not nearly as important as Ajax or even Eric. That was how "They" laid things out in the family. It was a patriarchal system. The women-only came into play as pawns... to be traded, and bred. Ajax thought the whole Pact had flaws. To say anything out loud, in that vein was to commit a betrayal of their history. It was an offense that often led to death, of more than one, over the years.

Elders...
Dealing out, final sentences, calculated retribution, and guided enlightenment...
not always in equal measure.

Pollen would go in first-class accommodations. He would go home. That was the right thing to do. The Hawks' always took care of good servants. It was the one consistency in their line.

Ajax went to the same merchant the same day of his arrival in Santa Fe. The place, the mercantile Pollen had gone to before, was busy as always. Mr. Farthing was not surprised at all to see him. He even greeted him rather warmly. He did not however share the information that he had a prior visit from Eric Hawks. He was a businessman to the core, and one customer's business was not that of another's. Well, that was his standing. It had kept him out of trouble a few times.  

Ajax wrote out a note to his father. Then... as a secondary thought, he wrote one to his mother as well. Lila would want to know her second son had murdered her daughter-in-law. She would want to be informed. Even though she was just a woman in the real line of power, somehow Ajax felt it was important. He needed her to see Eric with open eyes. Mother's often made excuses for their children's actions. This one... was heinous. Ajax wondered how she would take the news? 

Father, 

 Eric tried to kill me. He did not succeed. My brother shot Pollen. The man lives. I am sending him to you. Treat him well. Treat him better than Elizabeth. She was in your care. You were her guardian. You failed.

 I will be home soon. 

Ajax Hawks, Head of House Hawks!


Mother,

 Eric tried to kill me. He did not succeed. My brother shot Pollen. The man lives. I am sending him home. I will be there once I have dealt with Eric. I will be there once I have found Sarah, and made sure she is safe. Then... then I will be home. 

 I will clean the house, and clear the dust from the shelves. You need to do the same. 

Ajax Hawks, Head of House Hawks, now and forever!

 Ajax started to leave... then as an afterthought, he wrote one more letter... 

Dear Uncle, 

Eric tried to kill me... (writing it for the third time... his vision blurred a bit. Tears? No. Hate, anger, and lack of food are more than likely. Ajax continued.) He did not succeed. I hope you find that a good thing. He shot Pollen, but he still lives. The man is going to be fine. I am sending him home to you. He has seen much and witnessed much. He can stand before the elders and state that Eric admitted openly to murdering Elizabeth. If they do not take swift action in this matter, then I will. I have already informed the local authorities and I will do what is necessary to bring Eric in. I will use the system for what it was meant to be used for. The law is on my side, the real law... The law of the land. (referring to the Sheriff in Santa Fe and the currently available legal system)

 Sarah is probably with the Indians. There have been reports, at least rumor that they adopt children. It is my fervent hope that Sarah is alive.  I plan to hire a small group to go with me, to hunt. I/we will find her. 

For now, I am here in Santa Fe staying for a short time. I will resupply and go out again. I have set up another hotel; a home away from home, similar to the one you had back in Independence. I will make sure it is here, in case it is needed later. You have taught me much.

I also have an update about the girl you left behind back in Independence. You mentioned in passing her name was May Flower. It really; is not. Her actual name is Sally Reed. She is still there. She wanted to contact you and tell you so. She knows she can not. That would not be allowed. 

 Sally is very nice and keeps to her agreement even now. The owner of the hotel said she cries sometimes. I think she loves you. The hotel man has done everything you asked of him too, according to my sources. He has fulfilled his contract and continues to do so still. 

 I found the funds you left here for me. Thank you, again Uncle. You have lifted me from the darkness, and shown me that not every kin has an agenda to fill. 

Respectfully... in honor and faith... 

Your nephew, 

Ajax

After having handled his business, Ajax left the shop. It would take some time for the communications to reach the Hawks' home(s) in New York. There were so many variables in that, it was hard to say how long. Ajax mulled over what he had written, and then let it go. First, he had to find Sarah, which meant he needed to find men. Not just any men, but good ones. The man felt that he could count on Bill. He would say yes. He had come with him this far, he was likely going the distance. 

Then, the German came to mind. He was on his way west sure enough, but maybe he could be convinced to hold off his trek for a bit? There was also the doctor himself. The man had lost everything in the burned wagon. However, he had enough rubies now to buy a new rig, and then some..., but what were the doc's real plans? Perhaps he was up for a pause in his movement west as well? At least Ajax trusted those two. Going out into the territories, out beyond any sign of path..., or trail was exciting. He had to admit he had never been so alive until he came west. Then his visage fell, as that brought him directly back to thoughts of Elizabeth. 

Ajax looked both ways down the busy street. It was late in the day. There were a lot of folks about. He did not go straight back to the nice hotel. Instead, he took a walk to where he knew... the new wagons and the older ones that had been here a bit were gathering. There would be a train group soon, heading out. For the moment, the German was still here. Ajax knew he would be. The man would be camped for a few days yet, before going on along the route. California? Oregon? Other parts...? Shultz had talked about them all. This place Santa Fe was just a leaping off point to the next long leg of their ultimate journey. If there was ever a right time to ask; it was now. Ajax increased his gait. If he hurried, maybe the doctor would still be there with Adrian and his wife.  

Parker hit the town with all the rest and was more than glad to see the line of buildings. Since accepting this assignment Parker had become more of a cowboy on the trail, than a lawman, for a dark agency. But in truth, he was still on the job. So far Bill had held off telling Ajax exactly who he was. Now he felt he might have waited too long? What did it matter? Maybe zero was the answer. He hoped that was true. He liked Ajax. The man could even say they were, maybe even real friends. He did not want to lose that. In his line of business that was rare indeed. 

Yet, William Parker's mission assigned to him by Lila Hawks had been to find,  and return Ajax to their home in the east. She might have even caused or been part of the cause as to why Ajax left in the first place. That had not been made clear to Bill. Regardless, it was not going to happen. At least not at the moment. Nothing Parker said would take Ajax...; make him..., or convince him... to go home. Ajax was on a mission, a quest like in the knights of old. The man had made that clear to everyone he came in contact with so far. His honesty was hard to miss. It made Parker like the man all the more. 

Ajax told him he could stay at the hotel. It was a nice place, and the beds were soft. Bill had his own room, and they had the whole second floor to use together if they wished. There was only one other person allowed upstairs. Her name was Holly Gold. She had her own room too. Ajax had arranged for her, to take care of them, and only them. Ajax did not like the coming and going of people, so he made sure she; was permanent. Although the girl did not have brown hair... or green eyes nor more importantly did she look like his mother. She was still perfect for the job. Holly was more than happy to have solid work. The owner of the establishment was happy to oblige with any request, once he understood, who Ajax truly was.  

The young lady was a bit standoffish but still really nice. Bill had left his kit, his saddle, and all the rest... back there, and spent the day wandering around town by himself. He bought a single drink at a fairly popular saloon. He found... however... after the first sip..., that he had somehow lost his taste for it?

The boss man, Mr. Hawks had gone on a few errands, said he would return later. So that left Parker free. He looked about town for a long while. Santa Fe was even wilder than Independence if that were possible. Up until now, Bill did not think so... but he would have been surely wrong. He watched so many people, coming and going... it was scary. He found he liked being out on the trail better than he thought. After a few more stops, he went back to the hotel and waited. He knew this was just a temporary hold-over along the way. The man had better find time; to enjoy the bed before it was just hard ground again. 

Ajax found the German's wagon. His wife Abigail was busy as always. That woman, never stood still a moment. She was smart, creative, and extremely cheerful just to name of few of her many assets. Ajax could have found her very attractive if he had the mind to think that way. He did not. He tried to stay focused always around women. His heart still belonged to his lost Elizabeth. Besides Abigail was very married. She was happy to be so, and proud of it. She was the perfect helpmate. Funny, how that was? Ajax's entire existence had been planned. His wife, or in truth... wives... had been picked for him. The fact that he had loved them, was a bonus. If he had not, he would have still be made to marry. Ajax would have had no choice at all. It was part of the position, Head- of-House.  

"Hello, Ajax. Are you looking for Adrian?" She greeted him as he walked up. Her lovely, soft hands were full of bread. She was making fresh loaves just as she had done on the trail when they were made to sit to long in a single place. She was kneading the dough on a board, near the small but very efficient fire. 
"Yes. Yes, I am." He replied as he got closer. 

"Have a seat." pointing a flour-covered hand in the general direction of the nearest wood stool. "My bear will be right back." The woman grinned. Her cheerful smile was intoxicating. 

Bear? That is what she called the German when she was being playful. Ajax had learned that much along their trip here. He had called Elizabeth, his angel. So he understood how Abigail felt. It was nice to have someone you were so close to, you could tease, and laugh at their jokes. Ajax had been afraid to do much of that with Elizabeth. He had slipped and gotten too close, and Hannah had paid the cost of his childish behavior. 

"Thank you." Ajax took the offered stool. He sat down. "Did you decide on California or not?" He tried to make small talk, while he watched her continue moving the dough about. It was somehow mesmerizing. The smell of the yeast was strong in the air. He thought it was a little late in the day for such work. Yet, it did not surprise him at all to find her so busy. Abigail was never still. 

Abigail looked up and caught his eye for only a moment. She smiled brightly from ear to ear. "No. We have not decided. I will be happy anywhere as long as Adrian is happy." Then she quickly returned to her bread. 

Ajax tried to come up with a good response. What could he add? Nothing. She was perfect and he had never realized it so clearly until now. Adrian was a blessed man. 

"Hello, friend!" The German's welcoming voice brought Ajax back to the here, and now. Somehow he had wandered to a nearly forgotten memory. Who was there? Melinda. Where were they? It all happened at Nelly Cross's house, the woman that worked at the mansion. Melinda was her daughter. She too had been as pretty like Abigail. Ajax recalled he had been very young. They, had gone behind the big barn and kissed. It had been his first close encounter with a girl. There had been only that one time. The secret had been found out. Then the girl and her family had been relocated. That is all his mother would say. The memory faded and was replaced by the reality of a bad ending. 

Back in the present Ajax responded. "Hello, Adrian. I am so glad that I came back in time to speak with you." The Hawks' man tried to pull some words out of the sky. His mind was a bit blank. The disturbance of the lost memory and his great need comingled to create empty thoughts. Ajax simply floundered for words. 

"Yes." The giant man belted out. "Abigail, and I already talked. We are going with you to get that girl." 

Ajax looked dumbfounded.

"We have our timetable, Abigail and I. But it is adjustable you see. If it were our child that was lost, what would we do? Who would we get to help us? The answer was and is..." There he just smiled, from ear to ear. His teeth were perfect and very white. The beam was beautiful. 

Moments later the doctor crawled out of the back of the wagon. "Yeah... I am coming too." The old man chimed in. "I have been given a new lease on life. I have found someone that could use me still." He glanced over at their small group. Then he finished climbing down to the ground. He then walked over to Ajax. The doctor extended his hand. "Besides, I would be bored stiff without a good chess game to keep me sharp." 

Ajax had no words. He had not even truly had to ask... God had answered!

26) Pigeons, Couriers... the Express,
the Telegraph, the Newspaper..., and all the REST!

Pollen did not want to go home. The Egyptian had grown surprisingly attached to his freedom. He wanted to stay, free. The man did not know exactly how to wrap his mind around the word; "freedom" as it felt like a wild beast in his head. In his whole life, he had never come across such, an intoxicating drug. 

The man had come to enjoy being out in the real wilds, with no restraint. It was a deeper sense of being one with everything that had been gained. He had found it to be inspiring, and dangerous. Usually that... the hazardous part being the product of wild predators, or natives, not your party members. The ramifications of Eric's actions were still being sifted through the Egyptians' mind. Being nearly killed had a profound affect on him. 

Pollen had enjoyed the company of Ajax, as just a hired hand. It had been extremely refreshing. The relationships of the others, the doctor, the German, and his lovely wife, tangibly real. They were not planned for, but accidents of life itself. They were all doing well and had dreams, ideas, and goals. No one but they; themselves were to answer for their actions. They were only governed by the rule of law. Others were also guided by the book; the bible. Pollen had heard of that before too, that book. It had caused more than one war in the world. It was against the Plato Pact design, and that was the end of further investigation. Pollen only knew one way, and it was the right way. There was no other path.  

The bullet had injured his throat. Eating, swallowing, and especially talking were still hard issues, but achievable. It would take time, and more therapy to return everything as it once was. It might still be possible, but not without effort. Yet... there was a good chance. The doctor had been excellent. However, the whole ordeal had left the Egyptian tired, and exhausted to the bone. Yet, there were still so many miles to go... it was daunting to think about. Anyone could see his weakened condition and the need for a greater time at rest. Pollen had not improved sufficiently to move forward from Eric's assault. Going back was the only answer. Ajax felt sure he was making the right decision.  
 
Ajax had insisted. It did not happen right away... a wagon had to be bought, a driver... arranged for, and hired hands to help with the rest. The task would not be just to take Pollen to Independence. No. It would be to take the man "all the way" back to the Hawks' home. Nothing less was acceptable. The cost was expensive, but little in consideration to the task. The day came. Things were made ready. Pollen was loaded up. His last attempts to change Ajax's mind were dismissed. Instead, Pollen was given specific instructions, by the Head-of-House. Then the group had left. They had moved off down the trail, not west like so many others... but east into the sunrise.

Pollen made notes in his brand new journal. It had been a gift of goodbye from Ajax. Funny, the boy, now a man seemed so different in such a relatively short time. The weak willed individual was gone. It had been replaced with a powerful, rightful, Head of House. At first, the Egyptian was not going to accept going back, but he surrendered in the end. Pollen had secret thoughts, gathered information and new insights.  He needed to sort them out. He normally kept such things to himself, until now. Perhaps they should have stayed hidden inside, but the burden was too heavy. The man moved his pencil, then stopped, then moved it again. The road ahead was going to be hard, but filling in the journal would be harder. He had promised himself after surviving death that he would only right the truth, for histories sake. 

The Egyptian looked up from the page. He gazed out the back end of the wagon... as Ajax got smaller, and then faded away in the distance. The young leader would be tested like never before. It would be of great interest how the end would be written. That made Pollen smile for the first time in a long time, as he penned the last words down. They were his final thoughts for this occasion.  

During all of these happenings, Ajax..., and his small band of men, and one very capable woman... gathered what they needed. They bought supplies for themselves, along with all kinds of extra things to give away. They bought piles of blankets, boxes of pots, large pans to cook in, beads, cloth, and other essentials. They frequented Mr. Farthings store off and on, packing and repacking trying to be ready for anything, and everything. They kept the merchant very busy, and the price was not cheap, ever. 

Their group were to leave the next morning. That was one day later than Pollen himself. Ajax figured it was better to bring candy and good tidings to the people of the land rather than death. The others had agreed. In their case, they had only one aim, they all wanted to find, and bring back one small girl. The sweet treats and treasures would attract many ants to the party. If they did not have Ajax's answers to Ajax's questions, then they may tell others? Perhaps in turn those Indians would tell others too, and so on. The rich man would keep at it until Ajax received news he could use. If he had to he would return back to Santa Fe, resupply, and go again. He would just keep repeating the cycle. 

The old Head-of-House had failed Sarah, and Ajax Hawks was going to make sure, the new, or rather, the restored one... did not. 

Perhaps, friendly relations, might give the chiefs, the natives, the tribes, pause in becoming enemies instantly, in favor of something better. It was after all worth a try. 

Ajax moved forward again through the days..., and weeks ahead, while the letters he had written traveled east. The team journeyed back up the path, north first, then east, toward Independence. They were not fast. They were slow. They were looking for signs this time. They all had their eyes on the ground, on the trail itself; looking for any connections at all to the Indians. That was their days, day after day... a redundant hunt, while Pollen, the man, and his posse followed the messages to their destination. None of it was a race, but there would be winners and losers in the outcome. 

Winter was coming on and the weather was changing. The sky above was growing constantly darker. The days were far shorter one from the next. It was getting colder and more unpredictable. The trees along the eastern hills and mountains were all turning gold, red, orange, and brown... or their leaves were already in the process of falling to the ground wilted, and dead. Either way, the final outcome was a barren landscape with a different kind of beauty all its own. 

The light was less, and the dark of night... much longer.

Overall; Pollen was making better progress than all the rest, but he was not fast either. He stopped as he liked. He continued as he felt like doing so. The Egyptian was the commander of the caravan, and the men assigned to the job did exactly as ordered. They had been paid very well, and were even promised more money; a bonus for his safe arrival. However, Pollen did not want to go, right back. He would get there eventually. No one would even question the length of his travel time, or the cost. He was under Ajax's care and authority. That made every difference in the world. 

The important point... Pollen was the "evidence" of every word. Pollen's special, and unique gift was going to become very important to the whole family. It was also going to be very significant to the local police. Elizabeth's death was a huge issue. The young officer; Seren James had never let go of the file. He had made many trips to the big house, asking loads of questions each, and every time. But, the officer of the law had not been able to make a case, or at least the one he wanted to make. Officer James had a strong gut belief that the late Mrs. Hawks death and the powerful rich man Alexander Heron Hawks were connected. Not in some small way... No. The Officer felt that he had made it happen. He had read the history of the prior accident, which also involved the Hawks family. Hannah Hawks had died. No direct information ever closed that case either. To Officer James, it was like a thorn in his hand. He could not pull it out, but he could keep nagging at Heron to relieve the pressure. So, that is what he did periodically. James was a dog, a good dog... with a bone. 

The Egyptian had been a "first witness" in the past. He had been used as a recorder... his memory was so extremely sharp. It had repeatedly clarified fog... Unclear "Conversations gone wrong", made right. Once Pollen could even mimic the voices that went with the whispers... back and forth between two people. It was eerie. But that talent... was more than likely lost now. His wound left that as an "unknown" at this time. Yet, not being able to mimic, did not change the importance of the words themselves. Eric had admitted to the killing of Elizabeth Hawks. He had done so openly in front of Pollen... and the others. It was a mistake, that would cost him, and maybe... his powerful father as well? The Egyptian, the servant to the house, could connect the dots too, and they made a line from one to the other, right back to Heron easily. 

The important issue was that Pollen himself had been there. He had been present... right beside Ajax. That is how he had gotten accidentally hurt. "Accidentally?" So not only could he witness indirectly with clarity as to what was said, he had his own testimony as well. He had heard Eric boast with no remorse. Pollen had been hurt himself in that fray, and it had affected the man to his inner being. Some might define it as his soul. Pollen was still unclear on that account, how he felt about eternity, but that part of him that was "him" felt honestly betrayed. The assault was personal, even if it had been unintentional. Pollen did not care if there were a difference between the two. For him, there was none. Pollen found he wanted Eric to pay, like never before. It had been a tiny bit of a feeling, an emotion... nothing at all to glance at twice if it were in plain view... but it had grown. It was mounting still into something even more immense!

Eric's original intent was to kill his brother. Pollen had lived a very long life. He had seen a lot, but this was the first time he had been right upfront to such an event. Fratricide! 

Fratricide, the killing of one's brother...

Perhaps the most famous story in all history... was the first murder...  Cain killing his brother Able. Why? Jealousy, envy, resentment..., anger surely in each. Cain coveted Abel's relationship with their God. It enraged him to the point of obsession. That was just the beginning. Humans have been killing ever since for shallow reasons such as fleeting fame, gold, and riches they could not take with them beyond life here. But their grasp; often so short-sighted that they could think of nothing else, but were all equally doomed. 

The Egyptian, had his own ideas about forever. They were being questioned of late, but he was still clutching to his past. He did not want to admit his whole life could more than likely have been based on false assumptions. Although the root premise might have been high-minded, the results were increasingly disturbing. Seeing the actions of those directly "in the line"(family); react... in the real world had been shocking. It had left him with new points of view he dared never to consider, until now. 

It was not just that Eric had stated clearly with no reservation at all that he had committed a crime. No. It was worse. The little extra things we say, and do not say betray us. His body language reeked of pleasure, at recalling the act. Eric had overstepped, and it would cost. 

Eric Caesarian Hawks was a criminal. He needed to be hunted down, brought back, charged, tried, and hung! Pollen felt an orderly legal system was important. In this case, he did not even want to rely on the Securers, which would surely set things right. No. He wanted a public spectacle, to enjoy some portion of vengeance for his pain. If Andrew Heron Hawks was truly the leader of the parade, letting evil loose from its cage; then he too should pay. It was something to think about a lot. Pollen found it too likely. 

Pollen recalled again, "Father, even..." were the words. Eric had begun but did not finish. He had been cut off? Or, thought better of completing the thought? What exactly was to be stated in the rest of that sentence? It hung there in defiance of an exact definition. 

It did not matter if Mr. Hawks... either one; thought themselves powerful or not. Justice was real. Especially so, if carried out by honorable men, that would rather not. Pollen had learned that first hand while on the trail. It was important, and not just for the rich. There should be one law for the land. Again, however thoughts in that vein would be considered heresy. The keepers of the Pact were extremely religious in their devotion. Pollen wrote more lines in his journal. No one would ever read them, and that was the way he wanted it. The symbolic "letting go of ideas", was hard at work. 

Back east, in the big house, things were happening. A messenger had been sent out from the office in town. He had carried a letter addressed directly to Mr. Hawks. There had also been one for Mrs. Hawks, but it had been hand-delivered separately. Lila had friends in unexpected places. She had pen pals... too; like Gant, and his cousin Darwin. She also had many close associates at the courts in both England and France. Heron might try to stop her or control her ability to obtain her communications at any time. He was all about control. 

In the beginning of their marriage, Heron had insisted on reading all her communications. He even tried to stop her from receiving subscriptions to periodicals such as Godey's Ladies Book. That was just a simple woman's fiction pamphlet. How could that be anything offensive or subversive? It did not matter. It was all the same. Heron was afraid, or so he fit the picture as much so as any man left in a raft encircled by sharks? She wondered sometimes if she were right? Then she wondered; "exactly of what?" Lines in time were her specialty. She loved math. In her mind, every person had a value, and she enjoyed... moving them around... playing games. 

Regardless; or rather ever since their big fight in their first days together... Heron had received nothing. Lila had soon after that one issue; arranged for a young man to work at the post. He watched carefully for items meant for her eyes alone and was well paid for his services. This day, he had brought her news. It was from her eldest son. Ajax. He had been born nine months exactly from the date of their wedding night, Heron's and hers. People in high places took a measure of such dates on the calendar. It was also noted in her own diary; as that was the last time she remembered seeing Davian. 

Oddly as Lila held the envelope in her hand, she was impressed with an echo of Davian instead of Ajax. It was spiritual somehow? Lila missed the man, the gambler that won her heart more than words could say. He had been a singer, a poet... a man of many talents all of which impressed. But "it" the flood of emotion, and memory was all pushed aside. Lila had chosen then, and she still held the same position on it all, now. Wealth, prestige, family- name... power, influence... treasures of an illusively yet still tangible kind had been her first, and forever love. They were only sorely felt when they were missing from the equation. Otherwise, the luxury of their presence was enjoyed carelessly. However, too much of a good thing left no room for human challenge. Without it there was always a certain amount of stagnation. 

The last of the three messages arrived at the small house... Ajax's home. Size; was relative to the castle building only a short few miles away, the real Hawks' estate. Otherwise, it too was a mansion in a league of its own. Rosara...

Davian Hawks had the paper, the envelope..., even now in his hand.  The man had just received it too, from the post. He handed a solid gold coin to the young messenger that brought the package, and then closed the door. The gambler went right upstairs. He liked the balcony room on the east side of the house best. It was pretty this time of year. There were giant floor-to-ceiling windows and doors. There was a full patio also. You could walk out and then continue all around the house.  

The trees were losing their leaves, and winter was kissing the hills with frost in the mornings. In the afternoon, the breeze that came like clockwork would rock the remaining foliage that was left to fall, back and forth... Only a few surviving leaves would succumb while the remaining remnant, the rest..., held on. 

The man sat down in a garden chair and unfolded the page. 

Dear Uncle,

Eric tried to kill me... (That was no surprise at all. Davian expected that would happen. Eric was unstable at best. He was exactly like his father. The only marginal difference between the two; one was able to keep his inner child at bay, while the other was let go to do damage as he liked.)

Davian read on from there. He was happy to hear any news. He found he did not want Ajax to die. He liked the man a lot. He had stubbornness, and tenacity. Ajax went out on the ledge and took risks, like Davian.  

The news regarding Pollen was more than disturbing. Davian had grown up around the Egyptian. He was the same then as he was now. How that was possible? It was simply accepted. Sending the man back was a wise move. Davian would be ready when he arrived to make sure Pollen stayed safe. He was caring serious information. Davian thought of contacting Seren James, the officer directly. He would be beside himself to have a break in the Elizabeth Hawks case. It was tempting. Yet, the truth would come out soon enough. Davian felt lifted either way. 

The elders? Davian remembered only one instance having met them. It happened when he was a child. It was not a good remembrance. "They" wore robes and hoods. "They had no faces, no names, but could make judgments. Davian had been tested like all the rest. He had been measured and found lacking as the second child. He had shown too much emotion. That is what they had told him. He heard it; clearly! After that, Davian held things in. If he had done that back at the testing, maybe he could have defeated Heron? There were times in the "line" that a challenge had occurred. But the faceless men had ended his hopes and told him that he was flawed.  

"Curse them!" Davian whispered. He held his breath and looked around. No one was near. The man continued his thoughts in silence. "They" were the reason he did not have Lila as his own. That was more important than Head of House. But, Lila would not think so. So, Davian had to conform to her view or lose her forever. He had done that already when he left the first time. But there was hope now. He did not call it that, but he did dwell upon it. If he could remove his brother one way or the other, he would have Lila... 

Eric could stand before the elders for murder. That was possible. The Securers would go and bring him back. They did that..., sort of thing. The question then remained in his head, "Would Eric take down his father?" Davian smiled. Eric would more than likely sing any song he needed to, in order to save himself. 

Ajax had informed the local authorities in Santa Fe. That could not hurt the way Davian looked at it. The damage to the family name had already occurred. It was just going to tear the material a bit more, to put it out there for all to see. Maybe it was worth it? It was against the clan, but then again... at this point, Ajax was Head of House. Well, or rather he would be soon enough. All that going the right way; he was in a position to make new branches, and attach them to the main tree as he saw fit. That is, if Ajax succeeded, anyway.  

If Heron was removed, by the Plato Elders... then his first son would be given his placement early. That made Ajax a bit more official, but it had not happened quite yet. A detail perhaps, but still. That could lead to an opening of some kind for Davian. He would need to keep careful watch all around. 

The elders could bypass all of that if they liked. There would be a meeting. Even if Heron was not connected or arrested to Elizabeth's murder directly... per the public sector; he would still face them. They were a higher law. They were extremely violent when such actions were called for. It was not often. If it were found that Heron's alibi regarding the matter was insufficient... he would be held accountable as an accessory. The sentence would be carried out, but the reporting of it to the public, fixed. A simple obituary about a powerful man having a heart attack. The illness sudden... even more sad as the man had just lost his daughter-in-law." Would be printed as instructed by Securers. "The stress was too great, and he rests now in peace." The words would be penned. No one would question a thing. 

If Eric killed Ajax before he returned, that could also go a different way... The elders would relook at Eric as a viable Head of House. Why? The same way lion tamers love, and admire lions. Sometimes they keep them, even if they are untamed. Even Feral has potential. The advantage would be not to lose the genetic line completely. 

Then there was Sarah. She could be brought back and tested. If found of sufficient quality she could be bred. Since she was Lila's granddaughter... she would probably be a tiger as well. The elders might even let her choose her; own direction, at least with guidance. There were a few options at hand.   

"Sarah... Houston." Davian spoke her name out loud. The girl was with the Indians. If any human were to adopt another this one would be the right one. Sarah would have to have some talents. She had extremely good lines. If they did not kill her right off, she would not just be alive now, but more than likely excelling. Ajax was taking action by getting together a group to go and look for her. Davian could not have been more proud of him if he had been his; own son. 

"For now I am here in Santa Fe staying in a new hotel... I have included the information." Ajax continued.

Davian had a string of such places. It was good to have a home, away from home. 

"The pretty lady you left behind back in Independence is very nice and keeps to her agreement. She asked about you before we left. I noticed she cried at some point, as there were stains on her face. I said nothing to May, as I understand her contract with you. However, I think she loves you. Her face lit up anytime your name was mentioned. The hotel owner has done everything you asked also; to the letter. He has fulfilled his contract, and continues to do so." This part Davian read twice. He remembered the girl's face more than the rest. He had left a trail of "Lila" look-a-likes all across the states. He would not let it go, and it had consumed him at times. Now he was only a short distance away from the real thing, and yet he had not even spoken with the woman. He wanted to, but he did not want to mess things up. So, Davian was patient. If this letter was as true as it felt... as it was just too good to be true at all, then an opening was coming. Heron might yet go down.  

"I found the funds you left for me back in Independence. Thank you, Uncle. That will help to buy what will still be needed. Thank you again for lifting me from the darkness, and showing me that not every kin... has an agenda to fill." Ajax's voice seemed to resonate with the words...echoing around the room, and out again onto the patio. There they were lifted with the breeze. The young man truly loved Elizabeth, and it was more than evident... his pain was alive. It would not die away until something happened to put it forever in the grave.

"Respectfully... in honor and faith.." Davian starred at the line... Honor? The Hawks did not have much of that. But with Ajax... maybe? Faith? In what? Davian wanted to believe in a higher deity, but so far he still held too tightly to the brainwashed thinking of the Plato Pact. The demy-gods of their reign were tyrannical in nature. Their form of justice harsh and their sentences life changing, even... sometimes life ending. All had to bow down. To not do so was to risk reprisals or worse. 

"Your nephew," Here Davian lingered again. 

"I wish you were my son." He whispered. 

Ajax 

Davian folded the communication. He smoothed out the fold, pressing it very flat. Then he took his right hand and placed it into his breast pocket. 

The man felt pretty good, things were going the right way. He would take this time to go and prepare. Davian needed new clothes, a shave, a haircut... new shoes. He needed to impress. The gambler figured all of this, (referring to the letter, and the contents...), would lead to the main house. It would lead to Lila. He had to be ready. 

Green Are Her Eyes
Pools of cool water in deep caves, 
secret places where love shines without fear.
The essence of the future, the presence of the past.
Your eyes... they own me.
They put me in a cage, they use me for amusement.
They torture, and then let me go...free.
Then... they pin me up again, to beg to stay, until you have...
no use of me at all.

Heron did not move fast. In that, he was not prone to quick and decisive decisions. No. He liked to plan things out. He did not do very well under direct pressure. He often counted on his powerful position to bully people into compliance. It worked. Well, nearly every time. 

The man clutched the news... the letter... the correspondence, the dispatch... He would grip it into nothingness if he could. But that was just wishful thinking. Eric had done a terrible job. He had ruined any chance of secrecy within the circle. He always favored Eric over Ajax. The reason, the big man admired Eric's adherence to his words. Eric may have failed, but he was not finished. There was still time. The Head of House had sent Eric, his ring. It was the Hawks' ring... normally given to the first son. That would do the trick surely. Eric had plenty of money to buy men now. He simply had to show it to the right people in the right places. He had what he needed to succeed. Perhaps if Heron had done that in the beginning the outcome would have been better? "Well..., no matter now." The big man muttered to himself. It was not a good sign of a stable mind.  

Pollen was on his way home. He would testify against Eric. The elders would decide that outcome. But up until then, everything of value was on the board. All the players in the larger game were moving. Eric could still kill Ajax. He, himself could kill Pollen, or at least Heron gave it a moment's attention. Then Heron moved on. The man had a few favors he could call in. He also had plenty of "others" that owed him or that could be pressured. But how could Heron find the Egyptian on the road? How could he ambush him between here and there? "I need a plan that would stop that pesky detective from coming back." Heron considered. He still kept his voice very low and secretive as if he were speaking to someone very close by. There reality there was no one there. 

"I could set a trap... I could hire men and have them wait for the pigeon. That might work?" Heron's tone grew in strength. He opened the paper in his hand. He smoothed the wrinkles in the surface, to make it a bit more legible. Then, he smugly read out loud, "Ajax Hawks, Head of House Hawks!" The sing-song tone Heron used was completely disrespectful. "Stupid child. You will never fill my shoes." Then he huffed. His throat was dry. He moved to retrieve a drink from the fully stocked bar. He would continue to rant to himself the rest of the night. He would continue to drink... as well. 

Upstairs Lila was reading her letter. Her hands shook. She was more than mad. She was livid. The truth was so real, right there before her. Ajax... her son, was a product of one night of passion. He should not even be. Yet he was. He was also a good man as measured by all the current standards of the day. 

Why was Ajax, and Eric so different?

The answer was because they had different fathers. No one knew, except Lila. It had been so fast, so sweet... and so forbidden. It had made the second brother's son... the first in line to inherit. Anyone that cared to look at all closely between the two boys, or men, could see the truth if they so desired to do so. Heron was proud of Ajax, in every way, except the lack of an heir. Not because he liked the child growing up or the man he had become. No. It was because he was handsome, well voiced, well written and well kept. He was a prime example of all things Hawks'. He even attended West Point and received high marks across the board. None of it unexpected. All of it planned for. The only difference that could make it all a mess was and still is the order of birth. 

Lila let out a small..., furtive laugh, to know the truth. No one was around to hear. It helped her keep her sanity. She dared to dream at times what things might have been like, had she married Davian instead? But Lila did not dwell on it. That would be depressing. She was surrounded by fine things and had a great house. She had the best food and wore the nicest clothes. Lila Hawks was well respected in circles around the world. When she spoke others listened. Maybe not all, but many in authority. Lila came from a long line of potent, influential, and dominant women. None let a man rule her. None would consider it proper. They would go along, but they would always remain in control. That was the lesson. 

As for "testing" out, Ajax had always done well. Perhaps he had a little too much emotion. That always failed candidates with lower scores right off. That particular trait took the most points from their tallies. Yet he had come out in the final standing, rather high. Because of all these reasons, Ajax was in line to be Head of House after Heron. It was her husband's evil hand in the affairs of others that had brought this recent trouble to pass. Hannah had died, quietly. Few would say much. Others had been paid off. Ajax might even have bought the lie... But to have it happen again? This time things were not going to just go away, at least without a lot of work. Elizabeth Hawks had been murdered, and it had been gruesome. Outsiders were now actively involved and trying to connect the dots. Lila hoped they were successful. Heron mattered little to her, except as an asset. If he were gone, she would still be okay.  

"Dust from the shelves." That is what Ajax had written there on the line. Hum? Lila would have to consider that part. It was written in secret symbols. She was meant to puzzle over the words.  

Lastly; as for her granddaughter, Sarah Houston, that was another matter. Ajax was on a mission to bring her home. Too bad, so sad... there was no way to stop him or change his mind. Lila had already tested her. She had been before Lila a few years back. No, they were not the examinations given by the elders, but they were similar. The outcome? Well, that was a matter of who you spoke with. Sarah showed exceptional memory capability. She could mimic nearly any sound. By the time her mother had brought her in, she already spoke three languages and was fully skilled in the new sign language for the deaf. She could also calculate far past her age, without using any paper or other means to work the problems through. Sarah just seemed to know the answer, nearly as quickly as she was grilled. When Lila asked about all her abilities...? Sarah had told her it was all just a game.

How insulting... a game? The very idea enraged Lila. From that point on, the rich... well-to-do woman knew then that the girl was "aware". Her intelligence exceeded her years by many times over. She would be a force to be dealt with if given provision to succeed. Lila was not fond of rivals, old ones or young ones. So, she simply failed her. It was that easy.

When Victoria had first desired to be married..., Ajax had spoken with his parents. He had been a driving force in their union or so he thought. The truth was that Victoria was very vain. Any chance to narrow the field was fine with her. She did not need a smart daughter, or later... an even smarter granddaughter anywhere in the picture. It would make her appear old, or older than she felt she should be, or at least wanted to appear to be. 

It had always surprised Ajax that his mother had been all for the match, between Victoria and Max Houston. But he had also held to the notion, Lila, his mother, had more heart then he gave her credit for.

27) How long is the night?

The first trip out was uneventful. Well, that was mostly true. Ajax and his team had come across two distinctly different sets of Indians. They were traveling bands. At first, it was a bit rocky, the "contacts" were rough, to say the least. Surprisingly Ajax picked up their language almost immediately which helped smooth the process. Yet, just because he could speak did not give him knowledge of their customs, and ways, so mistakes were made. Some were funny, others were not so much. 

In one such instance, the doctor helped a young brave that had been injured. He had been attacked by an animal. His age was hard to tell. Not much over twelve or fourteen maybe. After the doc patched him up he was better and left for home. He was only with them for two days. Then two more days later a young woman came back to the Ajax camp. She said she was the property of the doctor. She also stated clearly that she was his new wife. Finding that it might go badly to send her right back home, the woman was accepted into the group and treated like all the rest. Abigail just took her on as a younger sister, which helped to make her feel accepted. The girl's name; was "Moon".  

The blankets were welcomed by all the people they encountered. It mattered little who they were, pilgrim, Indian or stray man traveling west. Ajax gave the supplies away freely as the weather had turned quite cold. He would go back and get more. He had the money, he could do that. He needed the information. Yet seeing the desperate state of things at times first hand, he would have given them away regardless. Cooking pots-n-pans were also in high demand. The cloth he brought, the extra pretty materials were a treat... favored by a few. All those that came to Ajax's camp, mentioned weapons... and alcohol? The Hawks' man simply led the conversation back to the girl. He would never give weapons to the Indians no matter what. It would be a disaster. As for liquor, Ajax's felt much the same way. He had never seen a positive come from the "drink of the devil". That is how Houston would talk about the subject. His friend's father drank and it had gone, horribly wrong. Max would barely say more than he had been beaten. It was enough. 

Why do people rarely share their pain?
The victims feel they will be further victimized
by their audiences' lack of empathy.
The unsure nature of fear... creates a wall of stones.
Exerts from the journal of Victoria Hawks, wife of Max Houston.

Ajax knew both his parents drank. They had done so openly his whole life. It had never bothered him or occurred to him to be troubled about it until he ran into Max. One man had changed his whole view of the world. Ajax was grateful. He felt dead until he had met his friend. 

The winters were brutal, not that that any time on the trail was easy. The Hawks' crew continued their search regardless. Sometimes they would come across stranded folk, out on the road. Occasionally they were in time, while in other instances they were not. All that would be left were bodies or pieces among the wrecks of the misplaced. Losing a wheel was just one everyday possibility. You can not repair it out where there is no one to help, so that alone could be enough to kill a whole family off. Running out of essentials of any kind was a slower way to die, but just as lethal. Then there were the everyday challenges of finding additional food to get by beyond what you tried to bring, to pack inside the wagon. It would never be enough. Lastly, water, water and water... exhaustion..., and weather; cold and hot, beat the strongest hearts into the dirt.  

Tomorrow's heroes refused to give up and carved a road from the wilderness. Graves of the young and the old, marked and unmarked were the true donors of the blood, necessary to paint the path. Yet, all in all; that was, exactly what it was going to take to create a new country. The process was in full swing. 

Growing stories of unrest among the natives had travelers' anxiety up all around. A few had met bad deaths on both sides. Still, Ajax continued his mission. He went back to Santa Fe repeatedly. Then he moved his operation further back up the trail... toward Independence... And again repeated the cycle. He would go out with his team, give away all they had for bits of news, then return to reload. 

Having a base at both ends helped to keep everyone from giving up. They would go through great hardships, then return to rest and recoup. 

Among the "People" that came to know him...
they named him Angeni. It meant Spirit Angel.
Notes in the margins of Abigail's Diary

"Days, weeks, months... they all passed one into the next and then turned into years. The man sent messages back to his Uncle. Not often, but from time to time. He also sent letters to Pollen at his house address as well. He had instructed the man to reside there in his stead until he returned. Ajax hoped the Egyptian had made it home and was better than when last he had seen him. There had been no letters at all coming from the other direction. Nothing but dead silence greeted Mr. Hawks, every time he checked, which was not often at all. He was busy, completing his task.  

Stories grew about more Indian attacks as time went on. They were claimed to be reprisals for assaults by bad men, settlers, miners, and the like, across the land. Few in power including the "law" gave it any attention. Indians were always liars. That was common knowledge. The pilgrims simply gathered together into larger groups. They created giant trains crossing the prairies like beasts... "extinct rolling dinosaurs"...brought back to life. It was a visual image... as the wagons were so huge and cumbersome, yet they were tiny compared to the vast plain. Their heavy wheels left ruts a foot deep in places for miles, and miles at times. 

When things got worse, the hardships to demanding; the pilgrims would lighten their loads, and leave items no longer considered valuable anymore; behind. There were boxes of clothes, pictures, paintings... books, hand-carved cabinets, art pieces, general furniture, and other lovely... but mostly useless items. There was even a wonderful player-box. The paint on the front read; a melody maker. It was probably a one-of-a-kind or a demo for a future model, but instrument it was sure enough. It was half the size of a real piano and more square than any Adrian had ever seen. The man could not help but know this was a sad loss for someone. Yet, it was going to be an incredible surprise for someone else. 

The German had found the special treasure while on a scouting trip, while they were still near the crossing point on the main road. It had rained for the past few days so all the trails were extremely hard to get through. Shultz was seeking the best way to get past when he had come across the wreck. It was a big wagon, empty of food and basics. It had other things, however, worthless items. 

The player box was set up in the field beside the wagon. It was as if it were just waiting for the right person to come along and sit right down. The German did not believe it was real at first glance; so he got off his horse and touched the box directly. Yes. It was, real.           

Then he turned, remounted his horse and left. Adrian was beside himself with excitement. He had to bring the others back to the exact spot. He smiled thinking they would not believe him. 

There it was... a lovely baby piano or at least a version of one; sitting in the middle of the road. It was as if it had been magically picked up from a famous theater back east, dipped in "tiny" dust, and transported perfectly intact. There was even a fancy stool set in front of the keys. It was as if the previous owner wanted to remember how it looked... all setup and ready. Then they had moved on... if they could have they would have, or they died. Sometimes the leaving was hard to discern the final cause of an event. There were no bodies here at this wagon... this time... only discarded dreams.  

Abigail had been elated. It had been so long since she had seen such a lovely piece of art. She sat right down on the bench. She put her hands upon the keys. She took a breath and then played. It was a moment, like no other. The music danced across the hills as if they were all alive. The echo that returned ever so softly back to the listeners; left all of them in a reverie of true beauty in the fullest. The dark skies of the day seemed to lighten in response. She did not stop for nearly an hour. No one moved, they all simply listened. Ajax, the doctor and his "new" wife..., Bill Parker, and her incredible husband a motley group held together by faith in a single purpose.  

It was a good thing the German was a big guy, as he carried the instrument on his back for nearly a mile. The area had been very muddy, and the wagon they were now using as a home base might have sunk. It was indeed large. That was a good thing too, as now it would hold Abigail's new prize. 

Abigail did not want to risk the instrument; take any damage, on the way to loading in their wagon. So, she helped and directed her husband "all-the-way-back" to their base camp. Adrian said little, and let her talk. He liked the way her voice sounded best when she was happy. The woman never complained. She was quiet at times, but that was all. The young woman had given up her future on a stage far from here. She had given up everything, without a second glance. Abigail had let go for love. Her husband was a great man, and she was more than proud he would help Ajax find a lost child. They were a team of Adrian and Abigail. They were "forever people". Abigail had spoken of it once at the fire. It meant they were meant to be; in the old country. Ajax had loved the saying and thought Elizabeth and he would have been "forever people" too if given the chance.  

Once there Adrian calmly arranged and rearranged the contents they were carrying in the wagon..., more than a few times... Sufficient room; was found, and the instrument finally  fit. From there, at the end of their current journey, the music box returned with all the rest, home. 

Abigail treated it like a person in a way, as she talked to it a little. Her husband knew the reason...; she had lost a child. Since then, they tried from time to time but were never blessed again. He let it all be. The notes captured with wood in a box had magically lifted her spirits like nothing he had seen. Finally the lovely implement, tool of music;  ended up in the largest room on the upstairs floor at the hotel back in Independence. The home created there for these few friends became a much cheerier place after that. 

The owner of the establishment just smiled as they carried it in. He remembered Ajax... Oh, and he loved music. 

The woman upstairs greeted their group excitedly too. They had not been this far east in a while. She dared not to think; they would stay? No. They never did. However, people around at least sometimes... had made May Flower's life bearable. The prison of Davian's creation, is much the same as the keeping of a pretty bird in a cage. Yet May, or rather Sally; resigned herself to it. The girl loved Davian. She even prayed he would return but told no one. Ajax had already found her secret easy to recognize without words. 

As for Davian's specific room, it was all hers. The others took any they liked. Perhaps being close to his family was in a way... loving him. At least to her, it felt as much so. Every day she made the beds and kept things well. Music was just going to make it all better. 

Ajax had laughed at the whole affair. He had even promised Abigail that very first day; that he would get her a brand new full-size piano if she left that one behind. But she would have none of that kind of talk. She said that it was, hers for a reason. There was no changing her pretty head over the subject, so they all complied with her wishes. Abigail was like that... feisty. Ajax thought if Elizabeth had been allowed to be free, she would have been more like Abigail. It was the constraints of family rules, that kept her locked up. It had dimmed her spirit. He could see that clearer each day he lived and watched the angel... Abigail Eleanor Shultz sing, dance..., and play in front of him. 

Days passed, and they resupplied. Then the Hawks' team went back out. This time from Independence to Santa Fe and all points between, just as before. It was hard for Abigail to say goodbye to her lovely new baby. But she knew she would be back. May Flower promised to take care of the instrument... carefully. That is to say as if it were a real child. May promised to dust it and let no one near, which was finally enough for her new friend. 

Soon, one day, one week, one month... One year, then two, then another. Ajax had begun to lose count, but not sight. There had been close chances, failed by circumstances out of his control. There had been food chain, supply chain, and military issues. New bases were being set up, meeting the demand of the growing influx. The weather was a constant enemy, even in the nicest months. 

People, all kinds of people were coming. A trickle had turned into a creek, then a stream... now it was a solid river of humanity on the move. The infinite possibilities of a new country, unleashed upon the land... "ants to sugar". 

Ajax continued regardless. There had been more clues, and more information by Indians he had come to know, to some degree. They, or at least many of them had encountered each other so often, they were nearly on a first-name basis with the Hawks' man. They even recognized the German. They liked him for his fierce fighting capabilities, and his courage. Many had run ends with him directly or had seen him in motion. He was a mountain of force to be reckoned with. All gave him a wide birth, as to stay on the good size of the Hawks' man and his whole band. 

Ajax could give up and go back. The rich man could admit failure, and return to his life of luxury. The thought galled his soul. No. He would not do that. He would be victorious at this if nothing else. As for his team, they had come to be family. They worked hard, and he paid them well. They would have done it for free, but he would never have allowed that. 

Eric had been a problem off and on. Good thing he never bought any decent help or Ajax would have already been, long since ice-cold, and maybe six feet down. Well, if his younger brother bothered to bury him. That flaw was seen the night he tried and failed to kill Ajax. It was not hard to avoid his antics and still search for his niece. The sheriff was also involved legally. At least that is how it appeared. He had an arrest warrant on his wall for Eric. No one would bring him in, however... for one reason or another. People were so easily bought, it was a sickness. Ajax again did not care. He did not plan to stick around very long, certainly not seven years. Yes... that long. After learning that Elizabeth was gone, Ajax had no other direction than to find Sarah. She would be 14 now. Back east, the elders would be arranging for her marriage. There were be celebrations inside all the family lines. There would be gatherings and parties, to show her off. She would be a fine horse in a circus. The winner would be the one with the most of everything. Money? Intelligence? Political pull, royal influence? Their goal; they would be trying to further their own houses, with the unity they would achieve. The "Hawks" name was very high on the flag pole. 

The true Head-of-House, Ajax Hawks continued in the way he saw fit. When he was done and had succeeded he would go home. Once there he would confront, and then kill his father. He dreamed of it, planned it, dwelt upon it... but would not be ruled by it. Instead, he would save Victoria's child, first. Or he would die in the effort. 

After that disastrous night; Eric Hawks' night of disappointment, his night of failure, Eric had worked toward regrouping. He had his father's ring and he was using it. He had already spent a small fortune on accommodations. Eric and Frost were now at the Smithson Hotel, but they were more like fixtures than transient travelers. Eric had arranged for semi-permanent placement there to use at his discretion. He entertained, and interviewed hard men, then hired them. Eric bought the best of everything available... but even the "finest" assassins, were low-life's, plain murders, all generally stupid. None of them with IQs greater than Duck himself. Tough, and mean was abundantly available, but simple common sense individuals was much harder to come by. Eric had to use what he could find. 

Men Wanted 
Willing to shoot dogs and clear land.
Mealy mouths need not bother to apply.
Bounty on Indians $1 POD required.
(That means you got-to show their dead somehow.)
Join the Hawk Man Rangers today!
A gentleman's association.
Smithson Hotel, E. Hawks- The Boss
Print ads run by the merchant (Mr. Farthing)
on his press, in the backroom...
Given to all... the right men... looking for work!

Mr. Farthing had been more than helpful. He passed the word around quietly as to Eric's "offers" of employment. He even printed up a little flyer. Again, all the time he worked for Eric he kept quite. He never said a word to Eric's elder brother Ajax. The merchant felt that making a living was a middle ground. None of it was his direct problem. If one was a good man and one was bad, who was he to question? They both paid him well. Yes, he was advertising for job positions that involved murdering people, but how was that his fault? The gold was real and it spent well when he needed something for his young wife. She was rather demanding. Funny, his first wife was not so much so. Sometimes he wished she would come back. Maya had left with that nice man... the one with the limp. He hated that nice man... 

Mr. Farthing loathed a lot of things, but his work kept him busy. The merchant man might have paid a little too much attention to the women that came in the shop. Not all the time, but now and then... when the pretty ones visited. It should never have been a problem, after all he was a man. He had urges and needs. However, now if he looked at anyone more than a glance Flora let him have it. She was so much different than Maya. 

Maya wife of nearly fifteen years, would never have approved of his dealing in the dark. She hated people like Eric. The woman was an excellent judge of characters. She would have demanded he stick to the straight and narrow; honorable way to live. Yet, money was really important and Flora had needs. 

Mr. Farthing remembered Maya face fondly. She was so much softer and easier to get along with. No sense in dwelling. 

"Are you working, or just standing there next to the counter to hold it up?" Flora had been watching him from the back door. He had a moment of stillness, thinking the day through. It was over. "You are getting old, man." She turned and went back into the house. 

Mr. Farthing looked around the store he had worked for his whole life. None of it was really important now. He missed Maya. He missed her more each day than he ever dreamed he would. Alas. why had he never seen that so clearly before now? Who could say? 

After the first week in town; Duck had returned with Mortis. Hawks and Frost had been ready. They had provided new equipment to both men, and Eric even gave them a bonus. It had not been expected but the men acted like they still deserved it. Eric did not want to do the last part, but one thing he was sure of... paid people worked well. Generous payment in advance bought loyalty he could trust. At least he had not been left when the shooting started. They had responded. Besides, money had no real value. It was the power it brought that made things work. 

Eric Hawks had gathered a few other men while he had been about the town. They were all pretty much of the same caliber as Duck. So, they all fit together. Dirty business almost always called for filthy men. That was true in both physical and mental categories most of the time. They understood each other... the basics.

"So, I will take the first group. I am the leader right?" Duck spoke heatedly over the table in the makeshift meeting room, on the second floor of the Smithson Hotel. He was standing among twelve other men, all squeezed in tight to hear the boss talk. Duck continued, "You said I had been promoted." He grinned. The man was referring to the small army Eric had managed to put together. There were at least six units out right now, going across all the trails, wreaking havoc as they could. As for the title; Duck liked a bit of authority. Eric was dolling out assignments to the new men. Duck wanted to make sure his "power" was well recognized. He had been with Eric since the beginning and expected a bit more. Had he earned it? Not really...

The men before him here in the room were split into two sets. They each had a two-fold mission. Kill that rich fellow Ajax, but don't get caught. Oh, and don't bring the law back to Eric's address, ever. That was still part of the first part... The second part was to look for the girl. She had green eyes and was considered to be, really smart. How smart could a girl be? 

The Hawks man took a long drink of his coffee. The liquid was cold already, and it had just been brought up a few minutes before. The stupid housekeeper could not even handle a small task, or so he thought to himself. 

Eric did not like Duck as a person at all. He was just a useful tool. Hawks cleared his throat and replied evenly. "Yes. You and the men I send you with you will follow your orders. Thomas... is one of them. Thomas Hacks. He will be waiting at the corral with the others later today. Horses and supplies as always will be available as you need." When the boss-man spoke, everyone listened. There were whispers in response around the room, but nothing worth saying here. The man in charge was the voice of money, and they all wanted to get paid... a lot!

"Are you getting your hands dirty this time?" Duck asked in front of the men. The room grew a bit quieter. He was always putting Eric on the spot like that. He liked to. It made him feel more of a man. Duck may not have the rich man's dough, but he was a better man just the same. He liked to remind everyone he could, that he was, after all... experienced, and qualified. The Hawks' man did not go every time out on the road. Eric only went when he saw fit to do so. If there was sufficient word or news to lead him away from his comfortable bed, he complied. That had happened less, and less. The months moved into years..., and Eric set up a comfortable home, in the hotel. It was not as nice as living in; the big house, but it was not bad. He also liked all the men... doing as he said... It was intoxicating. Power was so raw, when used carelessly, recklessly and without thought of consequence. 

Eric Hawks preferred to stay in Santa Fe, secluded and well provided for as was his station. The problem, you could not trust others to do what was necessary in the clinches. Time was moving. He had not heard from his father in a while. But when he had doubts he would touch the ring on his hand. He would twirl it around and around. It was a bit large, but Eric did not care. He would never let it go.  It felt right. It was right. It felt right. 

Doubts plagued his days and nights, but Eric never gave them breath. He kept them to himself as he had no confidant. Sometimes in his head, he would hear himself speak. It was nice. Sometimes he would even give good advice... again... to himself, and answer his own questions. The other voice... was growing. It liked to have a piece of the action too. The real Eric felt less and less himself each day. But he liked the way things were heading so he did not care. He went with the feeling. He embraced the influence of the non-tangible second self... then there was another... and later a third...    

Eric looked straight at Duck. He spoke with a strong male voice. "I will be going. I will be leading the main group. The information we have now is worthy. I have had it checked and rechecked. We are more than close." The Hawks man hit one fisted hand, into the other open hand. It made a "smack" sound. It was not as loud as he meant it to be. The bravado of the moment... lost. But the facts remained the same.

While both Hawks men tried hard to via for position, seeking to find a little girl in a vast wilderness... life went on for Aponi. It was the best time in her whole life. She was free, truly free. Later she would write, and others would know. They would hear the songs of her words and pass them on to their children. They were the tunes of hope, unity, and harmony.  

One day led into the next. One week into two... and three... then a month. A year went by, then another and another. Aponi was a little over fourteen now. She was happy. She was among true family. Her days were filled with picking flowers and herbs for her father. Chores had to be done, and there were never any excuses. Tyra was not a mother, nor was she a big sister. She was simply family. Tall Feather let her live in the tent, but he did not take her for his own. The poor woman tried... but the man was somehow lost. His wife's death never truly left him. Yet he had embraced his new daughter with open arms. He had made sure Aponi knew all that was to be known, about the people. He was often impressed by how she picked things up fast. She rarely if ever had to be told twice, about anything. She was obedient... and showed true signs of acceptance to the tribe. Tall Feather had been right about her from the beginning. She had courage. She was of the people, he knew from the start. Her spirit was fierce.  

Wolf was a young brave in the tribe. He had been there the day Aponi had first come to live among them. He had seen her as a child. He had watched her grow to a young girl and soon to be a woman. He had even teased her from time to time over the years or spoke with her, a word or two... when instances came up. Wolf tried to make them come up often. 

Aponi's hair was like sweet spider silk. It was so soft. How did he know? He had brushed against her one time... only one time. Her eyes were incredibly green. He had never seen such a shade, a color so deep. Sometimes they were even enthralling, just to remember. Wolf knew he was lost... but had no words to say how he felt. So he simply kept friendly and waited. He would gather enough wealth, and show enough courage... that Tall Feather would listen and choose him... when the time was right. It was a plan. It was the way of the people. Aponi was a prize, anyone could see. He would have to work very hard to impress her and especially her father. He would gladly do just that. 

The travelers that crossed their land had increased in numbers. They had continued by so often and left a trail so wide, it was a scar on the fields that would never heal. This bothered the "people". It concerned Wolf. 

Brown Bear tried to stay far north with his charges. He wanted to be away from the strangers as much as possible. There were fewer kind people, and more wanton animals... pushing the limits, the boundaries of the world as a whole. What was their reason? To make it bend and do its will more than before. The chief felt "that", would have nothing but a bad ending. The strangers were a stupid tribe, that surely would not last. Many died. The wagons left, the pieces of their lives... trash and scraps of debris. North was better, there were so many reasons to favor the mountains at this point.  

On a different, but connected issue; there were men of late... causing trouble. Not just for him and his people, but all the other tribes in the areas near the crossing points. Some leaders had begun to fight back. Some were still deciding. There were more permanent camps too. There was even a fort being built. It was to house men, to fight his people. They were to fight the Indians. 

Fight? The People were here first. This was their land. Now... things were changing that may never be reversed. Brown Bear already longed for the days of his father. He could see they were the best. His dreams were often haunted now. He had visions... 

28) A Home Coming, an Arrest, a Jail Sentence, but No Justice...

Pollen could not delay longer. They had come to the state line. Home; was not far now. At least the place he had spent most of his adult life, and truly half or more of his youth. He was born in Egypt. But; Pollen had lived his first years in India. His family had moved there just after his birth. It was where he had received his formal education, by tutors... special mentors, and "teachers of the arts".  Then, at the right time, he had been sent to America... to the Hawks' home. He had been assigned. 

Pollen wished now he had never left India. There had not been much choice, as it was the "coarse" of his life. Yet? If there had been a way to do something differently, maybe he should have taken it? That thought had never had roots before. Now the careless seeds of formless; unstructured boundaries, and personal actions, left him shaken. 

The Egyptian had seen his charges, both... do good and horrific things. Now he was in confusion. But instead of getting better, it was getting worse. He felt that somehow his beliefs had been twisted, picked at, and re-puzzled back together for him. No matter how he tried, he could not change them to their original state. Pollen tried to correct his thinking... and come to the normally accepted conclusions, but failed. Everything slid away into the common dirt or vanished into thin air. 

Not far now... was his goal. The carriage rocked back and forth. The Egyptian looked outside. It was winter, it was cold. The path was clear enough, but would not remain that way. The clouds above said it would be a bad storm. When? Probably within just a few hours. By morning this road might be completely impassable. It was well, that he was so close to his destination. On the other hand, if he had thought it through he could have stayed away, just a bit longer. Freedom was a sweet addiction and it was hard to give it up. Yet, time was not stopping. If anything it was running out. 

Snow here was usually very deep once it started, so if you were not where you needed to be you could not... "easily" get there. Alas, that was just a reverie. Pollen had pushed the limits of tolerable acceptance. 

Almost in anger, Pollen reached up and grabbed the shade string for the window. He pulled it down. The coach was immersed in further darkness. It embraced his form and gave him an odd sense of acceptance.

What was wrong? Why was he so against going home? The answer was obvious. The house, the mansion was full of lies, betrayal, and deceit. It was also full of death. Heron was a murderer. Not for the first time, but the second. There were probably more bodies left lying about in his past... victims from his aggressive road to power. But for now one had passed by unquestioned, but the second was not going away. 

Pollen was glad that Ajax had given him leave to stay at his home, Rosara. If he could he would go; all the way "back", to India. That thought was new? Maybe he should consider it? Was it even a possibility? He could meet with the others and renew his vows. That would help him... surely. Yet some, if not all of "them" would come here once they found out the seriousness of the situation. That was true unless things were "resolved". Pollen was a witness, he was also evidence, and lastly, he was a judge. Pollen was one of the seven elders. His placement was a succession to the post. He would recite the words that he had heard clearly and verbatim. They would be considered by the others and action(s) would be taken.  

The Plato Pact was an old pledge between powerful people. They had given, committed, and resigned... their "all" to find the best of everything humanity had to offer. Then they used it to make "themselves" better. They used it to extend their own lives. They used it to gain riches, influence, and even greater control... holding the strings of others, in high places. Teaching their "families" to do as they were told if they wanted the mysteries of forever. 

Pollen had fulfilled his duty. When it came time, he had spoken the words and promised his own life. He had promised his heart, and what he now knew was a soul to the Plato Pact. He had never considered it before? Ajax talked so often about the "Jesus Man", it had gotten under the Egyptian's skin. Ajax would not let it go at times. It was annoying. The Head of House had a station to keep. He had demands that would be accounted for. Ajax still had to have a child. So far hunting for Sarah Houston was only part of the answer. Even if he found her he would have to bring her back. What happened to her after that would have to be decided separately. The return of Ajax as Head of House would be the matter of most importance. As for Pollen he could see no other course but to stand behind the young Hawks'. To Pollen at least Ajax had shown his courage, and wisdom on several occasions. Yes, he was too "caring". But at the moment Pollen was the direct benefit of that emotion and that action. It was a very good place to be. 

Ajax... Hercules... Hawks... still had to prove himself worthy to the others. It was no longer a matter of simply passing the ancestral title from father to son. Everything that was from before... had now been challenged. There would be a ruling. The current quest by Ajax; had taken on greater depth, that would be measured, and considered. The time Pollen spent in the young man's company while on the road would go a long way to sway them. Yet, nothing was set in stone, until it was carved by the artist.

The carriage slowed down. Pollen found the chain and reopened the window to the outside. He suddenly felt smothered. No one was near, but he could not quite catch his breath. "Ajax, your Jesus Man he heals? I heard you say that more than once." The Egyptian spoke to no one under his breath. The darkness remained and silence continued.  

The house was just ahead, not too far. The road was still passable, even completely clear in some areas. Older snow from days before were in piles among the trees. The last storm was nothing compared to the one that was heading in now, this night. New snow had begun to fall lightly all around as Pollen gazed on. He should be at peace but anxiety filled his body, and concern crowded his mind. Somewhere he took note... the clouds in the distance did not speak of simple flurries, but wet chowder, hard-ice, and worse. The coach changed speed to account for the variation in the vibration of the wagon. The road was rougher here. The man at the reigns was experienced. 

The land outside was cold and getting darker. There was a growing electric static in the air. Pollen felt the difference the closer the carriage brought him to Rosara. The man had no idea what it was or could be? His pulse raced, and yet he was sitting. No one could hurt him. No one would try...? 

"I am too valuable, even now." The Egyptian whispered low as if it were a secret he wished to keep to himself. Yet, was it a lie? Could he readily be replaced? 

The most profound difference between here than the territories was a measure of safety. It was an illusion as no one is ever truly safe, but the illusion was undeniably missing on the prairie. The view was pleasant in the last moments of the day... passing into the night.  

Pollen continued to look at the trees, standing like dark sentinels along the thoroughfare. Then, without warning; a sudden pressure was over his heart. It was like a giant beast had sat right down on top of him. Pain raced down his arm. The view before him blurred a bit. Then his eyes closed and opened erratically. The Egyptian wanted to scream as he clutched his chest. No sound escaped his lips however. Instead, he simply lay back in the seat. He was quiet or more like muted unable to move his lips to form even a single word. The coach kept moving. Seconds turned into minutes. Pollen's vision finally cleared just a little. The pain became less. Now Pollen found he wanted to be home. He wanted to be at Ajax's house. He wanted to be safe. He had not been safe for a long time. The stress had been tremendous. He looked young, but his age was quite old. The doctor had found out the truth but kept quiet. Pollen would later have him killed just in case. But for now, he was rather thankful to the man. It had been a moment of weakness to let the physician live. Was he getting soft?

The coach finally came to a stop. The storm clouds gathered thicker here, seemingly circling above the house more than any other place in the sky. Tempests have no soul, yet this one seemed to haunt the heavens. The cumulous formations were full of moisture. Soon they would drop even more snow, to add to the already growing fields of white. It would make additional travel impossible in the days ahead. The land was rural here. The grounds owned by the Hawks', went on for miles.  

The two men that had been escorting Pollen on horseback waited nearby. It was cold. Both the men and their horses had frost on their breath. 

The driver dropped down to the ground. He was tired but glad to have made it this far without issue. The sky above was more than ominous. The light dusting that had already occured was only a forewarning. Going back was not going to be near as easy. The driver turned and walked to the side of the coach. He grabbed the handle and opened the door. "We are here, Sir." It did not take a giant to figure out things were wrong. "You don't look well. Let me get some help!" The man closed the door again in an attempt to keep the cab warmer than the outside. Then he turned toward the house steps. The driver took them two at a time. when he got to the big double doors he pounded for all he was worth. "Help... We need help out here!" 

The doors swung wide. Disha the houseman looked out. 

"Your man, Pollen is in the carriage. Something is wrong. We need a doctor!" The driver could barely contain himself as he blurted out the information. He had been paid very well to make sure the Egyptian arrived in one piece. Pollen was to be in good shape. Up until now, that was no problem. But the old man looked near death at the moment, which could change everything. 

Disha made a sign for the driver to wait. He disappeared and moments later Davian himself was in tow. The Hawks' man did not wait to hear the story again from the driver he pushed past the others and went straight to the cart. He peered in. The old man did not look old... or at least as ancient as he should have; which was a wonder. But even Davian figured there was more to that than he knew. Regardless, he half-stepped inside and picked up the smaller man. He maneuvered him out the door and beside the coach. There he put Pollen; fully up in his arms and carried him into the house.

"Pay the man well Disha," Davian spoke as he went through the big double doors. His meaning was obvious. Disha was to tip the driver even if things were not perfect. The man and his envoy would not be held responsible. Disha complied immediately.

Disha was not a big man, nor was he a small one. He was from Japan. He was well skilled in martial arts and spoke six languages. He was currently studying to become an archeologist. Well, that had been his focus before, not now. The man was in his mid-thirties, a rather late acquisition to the cause, but a loyal one nonetheless. He had come to work at the mansion after Davian had moved in. All the family was taken care of by the Pact. They, the Plato people were a source of endless wealth now, and their fraternity growing even beyond their imaginings. A better race of humans appealed to some part of every person, in some "personal" way. That is why men and women joined so easily when presented with all the positives.  

Long Life, Better Health, Wealth without measure!
Beauty beyond the limits of the day.
Memory, balance, and eternal bliss, at least while you breathed...

Davian took Pollen upstairs. He put him in the north room. It was nice there. It received no direct light in the morning or evening but was still bright and friendly. The decorations were garden-like and invited quiet, if not silence to the mood. 

Pollen struggled to speak. 

"Don't worry. You are home. I will get the doctor." The gambler paused a moment. Then, "You will be well." He added. Davian felt he was talking to his father. The man had been closer to the houseman than his own his whole life. He had not been raised by blood, he had been trained by those in charge. It was not the same. 

A young woman entered the room. She came from the kitchen. In her hands, she had a tray with hot cup of coffee, a glass of water, and bowl of soup on it. The girl had no idea what to bring, so she had guessed in all areas. A runner had left the house to get the doctor. He would come. Regardless of the weather, he would come. The coach outside had already been paid well for their services and rehired. They were even now own their way to fetch the good physician.  

The girl put the tray down and then left. She said nothing, she was mute if anyone cared to notice. She could not speak. She only signed. Her name... was Lila. She did not have eyes like the rest, but Davian liked her anyway. She kept her place and did what she was supposed to do. As she left, he turned, "Thank you." He did not even know why he did it. Davian never spoke with the hired help in such a manner. The situation had truly disturbed him. It did not matter that she did not hear him. 

Davian turned his attention to the man on the bed. "Rest... You are home. No one will hurt you here." He found he was desperately trying to give the man a sense of well-being. He wanted to say "I love you", but thought that oddly if not weirdly out of place. So instead he said, "You are good on the eyes... if you were only feeling better... Pollen." He felt like he was ten again. Davian felt lost and helpless. He had power and money, but could not do anything for the man in the bed. Well, except getting the doctor and that was already happening. 

The Hawks' man sat down next to the Egyptian. Pollen was feeling better but found his speech difficult. It was frustrating. He had to keep it together. He was so very close to condemning Heron before the elders. He had to be strong. 

The doctor... 

It was not long, it just seemed that way to those that were waiting for his arrival. Davian had grown impatient and moved to look out the window twice. The night was black and full of snow. Then he moved to a chair in the same room. He took his cup of coffee there and watched. He was calculating the odds in his head. That is what he was good at. If Pollen died, then putting his brother away was going to be much harder. He had best send a runner for that James fellow; the officer. He would come. He would be here as fast as he could be. Maybe if Pollen could speak enough, could get out enough words, then it would give rise to Heron's arrest. That was the best Davian could hope for. But, it was doubtful. Pollen looked worse by the hour. 

A short time later, a few words to a servant and the message was sent. The detective would be alerted to all circumstances. Davian returned to his calculations. Had that been the right move? He might have been in too much of a hurry, but he was fogged. He could not get his facts straight enough to make the proper numbers dance. Seren James would be here in a few hours. That is if he could get through the storm. The snow outside had increased...

Now Davian needed to get word to the big house? They were already aware he was home. He had sent couriers first thing. That had been months ago. Nothing had happened. Davian had been ignored. No one had been by to acknowledge his return. Most amazing; no note, no message, not a word..., not even from Lila. His hopes there had been sorely dashed. Somehow he had an idea she might want him home? Perhaps even come to him... willingly. Where she was concerned he never could think clearly. 

"Well, after James comes here maybe, then?" A whispered statement or question, mixed together. "That would be better. Let the law get involved." He continued. This was a huge break in the case of Elizabeth Hawks. For sure Eric was going to be arrested, or at least a poster of his being wanted would be issued. The clincher at this time, is if they could connect the crime to Heron himself or not? The lawman had been trying for some time but had failed as yet. Davian admired him. James had been to see him twice... He came to ask about Ajax's disappearance. He wanted to rule Elizabeth's husband out as a suspect, which was not hard to do. Davian had helped in that area and even explained what Ajax was doing now. He was trying to rescue their niece from the wilds of America and bring her home. It was a courageous mission to be sure. Once done, he would return. Davian had convinced the lawman repeatedly or tried to; that was the plan. 

The room where Elizabeth had passed away had finally been cleaned. It was now pristine. New carpets had been brought in, as the blood ruined the previous coverings. Now, the room was empty and would remain that way. It was dusted and taken care of like the rest of the house. But no one was allowed to just be... in the room. Respect was paid to the wife, by all. She was well thought of, and her loss and been great. 

As for where Eric was at now? That was the same place as his brother Ajax. He was somewhere on the trails between here and Santa Fe. He might even be farther west than that. No real word had come either way, that Davian was aware of. There had been other news. Davian had read articles in the paper here in town. Indians were on the rise. They were killing pilgrims. Whole families had been lost to the savages. Demand was rising for more military in the west. They would be needing and building forts. Commerce was growing by the hour and fortunes were made overnight by a few, while others lost everything they had. 

Davian waited.

The doctor finally arrived. It was not the usual man. That was concerning, but considering time was short... the weather was hostile and the hour was late... It was a miracle he came at all. Davian had grown impatient. He had gotten up from his comfortable chair and walked out into the hall. Then he moved to the edge of the stair where he could look over the massive iron rail. There he stayed, one eye on the door to Pollen's room just down the hall. The other on the grand double-doors in the entry way at the bottom of the incline. Then seemingly without warning there was someone at the door. No. There was someone already inside. Davian could have sworn he never looked away, but still the man had been caught off guard. Disha appeared at the entrance like magic. He had to have been watching from an even better vantage point. He let the doctor in and led him immediately up the stair.  

Once at the top, Disha turned to Mr. Hawks' to introduce the man. The doctor however did not slow down but pushed passed Davian. He simply moved the powerful man right out of the way to continue on down the hall. He was rude in his behavior and made no excuse for it. Once at the door he went right in. 

There was light inside from two large oil lamps. The stranger crossed the distance from the door to the sickbed where Pollen lay. He sat his bag on the bed next to the Egyptian. Then he bent down and began to examine the man as any doctor might. "Bring a large bowl of hot water and towels." He spoke out loud. Not once did he look behind him to check, to see if he had been heard. No. There was no need. Disha had been waiting near by. Minutes passed again in silence as the man continued his examination of Pollen. Then he straightened, and turned back to the bedroom door. He walked the distance across the room in short order. Then he took the handle and closed it tight. Not hard or soft, but more of a final action not to be questioned or crossed in any manner. The essence of the deed was clear. The doctor wanted privacy. The wood barrier now in place gave a sense of suffocation to the interior room. The doctor returned to Pollen's bedside. 

The younger Hawks' brother did not know exactly how to react? He had been shoved aside. Then he had been left behind like common trash. The door to Pollen's room had been closed in his face. At first the gambler thought to raise a fuss. No. That was not his way. Patience had served him his whole life and now was not the time to change that. Davian's pride did not stay in the way. Instead, he swallowed hard and found he cared more about what happened to the sick man than he did of his own life. 

 "What does it matter, as long as Pollen lives?" Davian spoke quietly... to no one. Then he turned and went to his bedroom. 

Inside the sick room... where Pollen was now under the direct ministrations of the physician, the houseman found himself truly afraid. He had never known that kind of inner shaking until this moment. Pollen had watched with half lidded eyes as the stranger moved about, first coming to his bed, then returning to the door. Now... the outside had been cut off, cutaway and let go. The depth of this moment was awash with an even stronger fear. Part of the Egyptian had no idea what that even was... "to be terrified". The frailty of humanity had never been a consideration in any of his calculations. Now, it was an emotion so difficult to conceive of for a man so sure of himself for so long, it threatened his very sanity.  

"My name is Manus. I am the son of Prockton from the great continent of Africa." The man with the bag came closer to the bed. His words were low and measured. "We have been waiting for your arrival." He paused for a moment. That point was extremely important. The "We" implied the seriousness of the moment. "When news came to town that a doctor was needed, I volunteered. The usual man... he died." There he let his words trail off for a handful of heartbeats. "You understand?" he finally added.

Manus was five-foot-five-inches in height. It was not his stature that made him ominous. It was a far deeper evil taint. Something nearly impossible to hold onto long enough to write down. He dressed the part, but which one? The doctor that was needed, or the man sent by those in charge? His clothes were generally white, a suite of nice quality. But, after a closer review, it was not too nice.  Perhaps when the materials were first cut and sewn, they told a story of wealth. Now they conveyed wear, and lack of care. That was more than probably due to being on the road. 

 The replacement doctor himself looked ageless. Perhaps he was twenty, maybe he was eighty? His faced seemed to mold and change at times. Pollen felt he was not seeing as he should. But was he seeing clearly? The strangers complexion had no wrinkles, or signs of times passing. Yet, his visage was more powerful than a younger man... the first, and equal or even greater than... to the last. That was true, at least as to what could be seen so far. His eyes were dark brown. They appeared to be nearly black, there were barely any whites at all. His skin... that was brown too, deep brown. The information gathered only by his hands and face as everything was covered. His black hair was rolled in waves across his head, braided tight. The man's appearance gave some suggestion of the sands... places where people wear full garb to keep themselves from the sun. But there were other lands too, that had the same dynamics. The sick man on the bed would make no suppositions. Guessing led to mistakes. 

The doctor had a fur coat, but he had left that downstairs with the nice maid. She put it in the big closet. Lila, the housemaid even brushed it first.  Rain, mixed with the snow covered the world outside this American castle. There would be ice on every road this night. Travel would soon be harder than even before. It was late, and there was no sign the storm was going to be over soon. The accumulation filled the local creeks and streams. There would be flooding in areas. 

Pollen watched the stranger closely. He could do little else. His body was not working the way it should be. It was half dead? The truth, he had a bad stroke, but still lived. Would he recover...? His mind reeled with panic, another new sensation he had never undergone before. 

"I was sent by Bora, the Elder in Brittan. I was ordered to come here, and see the state of things. I was then to report my findings." He made a tsk, tsk..., sound in the back of his throat, not once but twice. "The Hawks' have been creating a lot of problems." He stated. "Your voice is needed. You will be called upon. So let us fix you." Manus slowly opened the bag he had brought with  him. "Now..." He spoke very low a hissing kind of sound.  

There was a knock. The man stopped cold. "Come." 

The door opened, and a girl brought in a tray of water...hot and steaming in bowls. She also had a small pile of towels, the kind used to wash hands before dinner. The maid placed the items on the big chest of drawers.  

"Thank you, that will be all." The man dismissed the girl. She looked down at the floor, turned, and left in compliance. 

The door closed soundlessly. Manus waited until it was perfectly shut, tight.   

"Now. No more interruptions." The stranger rubbed his hands together as if in anticipation. "This is going to hurt a bit, and you will not like it at all, but you will be better." He paused. Then, "Understand?"

Pollen shook his head very slightly. Affirmative, negative, it really; did not matter. The choice was already made for him.  

The room grew even darker still if that were possible. The doctor had not turned down the lamps. They simply seemed to put off less brightness. The air tasted stale as Pollen rubbed his tongue over his chapped lips. He was so thirsty, but could not ask for a drink. Even if he could, he doubted his  needs were considered anymore. Something came out of the bag. A moment later someone screamed. 

Rosara; had outlasted every winter skirmish with few scars since first being constructed. She was a virtual mountain all by herself. Not as large as Moranin the Hawks' ancestral home, but still incredibly massive. Nothing bad was supposed to ever make it this far, this close to such a place. She was an Olympus of security and order. Once Davian had even dared to feel safe here himself. But that had long since disappeared. He was reminded of exactly how dangerous things were every time he passed by the master bedroom. Elizabeth had a right to feel loved and wanted, but what she got was maneuvered, used and discarded.  

As a young child, he could believe the lies. Now Davian was not, and the lies were just too real. The facts were undeniable, the morals fit the occasion. There was no standard for all. There was only the important people, and the rest. 

Pollen's being home had raised Davian's hopes again, but becoming homesick was distracting. It was wrong. It should not have happened. Ajax's letter told him all he needed. The emotions he was feeling were like waves in the ocean every time he read it and re-read it... The paper was so worn, the writing was now faded in places. 

Pollen... Would he be okay? Would he be able to witness against Eric? Would there be any way to remove Heron? Everyone knew he ordered the deed to be done. Eric had no personal "direction" of his own. He was a blank slate, in a world of giants. The man had been a joke of the family since nearly his first day born. There were rumors he was behind or late at everything and still did not meet the marks of most average men. That is in the measurements of the Hawks' line. As for the Andrews', in truth, they were far passed all the Hawks'. Lila had married down mentally. It was a bonus for the Hawks'. How had that happened? Deals were always made for all the right reasons.

In all of this, what could Davian gain? Was he any closer to Lila...? No.

The doctor was taking forever? Davian wanted to charge back into the room and demand answers! That would be of no use. It would take as long as it was necessary. In the mean time; word, a message had gone out to be delivered directly to Seren James. He was probably on his way and would be here soon. That is if he could make it through the cold, and black of this night. It would be a true test of his tenacity. The hour was late... or rather early... the morning being closer than further away. Time was sliding by too fast.

The snow, drifted about wildly in many directions. Davian watched out his window. A story came to him. He had heard it as a child. It was a scary story. It was about a man and his family. They  were told to leave a city. They were warned to take nothing, and never look back. The wife, the mother... she could not help herself. She did just that and she was turned into a pillar of salt. Although Davian found it to be a mesmerizing tale, he could not fathom the miracle of that kind of power. More so his sad heart was wrapped around the fact the woman had looked back. She had been offered escape, yet she yearned still for something else...  Had Davian escaped..., and now returned to what had always consumed him? This line of thinking left him disturbed. Yet, it kept coming back to circle around again in his head.  

Davian refocused back on to the moment at hand. He had drifted. It was becoming a habit of late. Pollen's being injured had unsettled him more than he knew too. He was dwelling on the memory of that pretty girl in the hotel... back in Santa Fe. His nephew had said the woman was in love with him. How could she be? He was not even nice to her... not really? Yet to consider any other woman but Lila was tantamount to complete betrayal. Davian hated himself for his lapse of character. 

"Sir." The voice was a man's. It was Disha. "Sir, Officer James is here. He is downstairs. I have seen him to the parlor." 

"I will be right down." Davian answered. "I will be just a few minutes," He found his body was shaking just slightly. How unusual to have such a common reaction? He had better keep his emotions in check. The lawman would notice. Yes, he was doing his best to set his brother up that was true, but he had broken no laws himself. Yet. 

Disha turned and left. 

Davian walked across to his bed and sat down. He would change clothes and then proceed. Disha had already laid proper attire out for him. The servant man was priceless. No matter what happened, Davian was going to make sure Disha was in tow wherever he ended up. No sense in feeling shorted at the table, when gold was as easy to take as silver or jewels. The Hawks' were rich, but the true value of an asset was the use it could be put to. That was a lesson Davian had committed to memory early on in his travels. Often times it was a service or compliant merchant that made the difference in the returns. 

 Davian stretched. He was very tired, but sleep was far away. The rain, the snow... had caused a bit of a chill in his bones. He went to the pile of clothes. He got dressed. All the while he was thinking about Pollen. His turning up now, and sick... was heavy on the gambler's heart. Davian was not a praying man of any kind. He knew that Ajax was. More than once he had mentioned a king, Jesus. The gambler tried never to embrace regret. But at the moment he did just that. He regretted that he had not listened closer to his nephew. Perhaps... just maybe there was something in all of it that he could have used to help himself now. The cold outside had a bitter wakening effect upon him. Yet... some discomfort often made oneself more aware of their surroundings or so he had always thought. He then went to the big window and looked out. As he suspected... it was now only snowing softly. How deep would it get, was still a question?  

Davian turned and left his room. He stepped out in the hall. Then he walked to the head of the stairs. The man lingered there... looking back at the door of Pollen's room. There had been no news at all. He had the best of care and that was all that could be done. 

Davian continued downstairs. Then he went to the parlor. Once there he opened one of the double doors and walked right in. The Officer was standing near the fireplace which was roaring, and shining light brightly into the room. The heat was wonderful too. Outside the temperature was dropping. 

"Thank you for coming, Officer." Davian began in a serious but friendly tone. "I don't know how much you have heard, so please, let me answer your questions as I can..." He continued. "You of course have been offered food and drink." He smiled. "Come, let us talk." Now moving up close to where the Officer was standing. 

"Mr. Hawks... I have been advised there is a witness to the accounting, or at least some part of it, of Elizabeth Hawks' death. I know you shared your "own" information, and insight in the matter when you first arrived here. But this Mr. Pollen man...? He was there?" The younger man took a pad from his pocket and a small writing instrument. 

Davian replied, "Yes. But... sadly our witness has had an attack of some kind. We are waiting now for the doctor upstairs to come and tell us how he is doing. Please, " the man motioned to a chair. "Please sit. We are likely to be here a bit. The weather is not getting better. You will be staying of course."

The younger man started to object... but saw the reasons behind the situation to be solid. After a few moments, he finally agreed, then thanked the Hawks' man for his hospitality. 

"We are men of honor." Davian began. "Let us both agree in earnest that my brother did kill Elizabeth Hawks." As he spoke he studied James carefully. 

The officer moved to a comfortable chair near the flames and sat down He kept his pad ready for the information. "Yes," He glanced a moment about the room. It was as if he felt he was being recorded somehow, or spied upon. "Yes, if that is your standing then we are in full agreement."

"I would like to offer you my support in any way possible, to help you put Heron behind bars, or maybe even... hung," Davian spoke very clearly. 

"Mr. Hawks. If there was a way to do it, I would have already done so. So far, there is a lot of evidence against your nephew Eric. Now, if what you say is true... we even have a witness. It is what that man has to say that may, or may not connect the two; together." Then he glanced into the fire. His face became very fixed. James spoke again, "Hannah Hawks also died in this house. That is two deaths... two murders. I have not yet given up on bringing light to her memory as well." 

"I like your style. You could go far in the legal field my friend. You have morals, and sadly they are in short supply at times." Davian spoke in a friendly tone. 

The two men grew quiet. There was much more to say, but little to be said. They had the same thoughts, the same goals, but no new information to act upon. Time moved, like cold syrup. 

Nearly two hours came and went. The men talked a bit more, but not of anything important. They had already spoken of the news. Now it was just about the next step, whatever that would be. 

The doctor came downstairs. He was told by the maid, where to find the men. He went to the parlor. He would have to report before he left. The weather was bad outside, but the man would still go. He had people to talk to, that were also waiting. They were highly important individuals that would take further action or actions as necessary. 

"Sirs." The doctor began as he entered the room. "Mr. Pollen will live. He will need some rest." So far it was great news and no one interrupted. "You will be able to speak with him tomorrow, or I guess that is now... later today, maybe. The day after surely. He will not be able to use his voice for some time. But he can shake his head and bat his eyes. You can figure things out from there I would imagine." 

"Thank you for coming doctor. The weather is bad. You will be staying? We have rooms ready. Pollen might also need you. As always you will be well compensated." The rich man lathered his only benefit(s) upon the man that saved Pollen's life. He would have done far more if he could have. Money was not important when the next breath of the one you care about is on the line. 

"No Sir. I can not. There are two other emergencies at hand and I will be sorely needed there as well." Knowing that the moral obligation would not be further questioned. Doctors were nearest to demigods, at times. It was not true at all, but some men basked in the glory regardless. In this case, it was a clear lie. He just needed to take what he gained and give it to the right people. 

"Please..." Davian found the word escaped from his lips before he could bring it back. He had never said it before. Never!

"I can not. Others might die if I do. Trust me. Your man will live. He is resting now. Keep him quiet and cared for." Then he turned back to the door. He went into the hall where the houseman, Disha had already retrieved his coat. He was waiting even now holding it out. The coach had fresh horses from the stable... It was outside. The groundskeeper had already seen to the needs of all the other animals. He was a good man at his job. No one ever had to tell him anything. 

Davian did not follow. He just watched helplessly as the doctor simply left. "Please..." was still hanging in the air... unnoticed, or at least unanswered in the way it was meant to be. 

Officer James was glad to hear the news. In the morning... this morning, he hoped he could get something worthwhile from the sick man. For now, he was comfortable and willing to wait. He had not noticed Davian's slip in his armor. The normally strong, and confident gambler had been reduced to, "please..."...   

"I know what you want." The officer finally spoke after the doctor had gone. Davian was pulled back into the moment. 

"What I want?" Suddenly wondering if his weakness had been obvious to James as well?

"If Pollen can not directly say there is a connection to Heron, then he will go free. Not for just one murder, but two. There is nothing else I can do about it. Of course, the law will make every effort to find and prosecute Eric Hawks. Yet, you know and I know he is a small fish. Dangerous yes, but not the one we want." James's tone turned a bit ugly. But the sound of death was normally not a nice noise.

29) When Time Stands Still

The doctor left the room. A sigh of relief escaped the sick man on the bed. He, the stranger had taken the black bag with him. The container, not a doctor's satchel at all, but a cage that held a cat. Well, that is what it appeared to be, most of the time. It was rare animal so only a few knew what it really was.   

Pollen was still awake. He was half alive, which is closer by far than half dead. He was home. Or at least he was in his new home, Ajax's house. He never wanted to go back to the big mansion again. It was an evil place. He felt less in danger here, where Elizabeth had died... and Hannah. There were probably a dozen other deaths unaccounted for in this house. He was sure that over the years there were many, many more in the big house too. He was aware of a few of those himself but tried not to dwell upon that. 

Where his own hands covered, in blood?
How was that justified?

As for the castle home of the Hawks' Family estate; it was not "really" a mountain, but figuratively it had all the makings of one. Hawks, mighty birds of prey lived there and few could touch them. The family had been part of the land for so long, it was assumed by some it had always been. That was colorful, and not true, but the family itself was very old. Their roots traced to the beginning of the coalition. They were a gathering of like-minded people, that changed their "own" futures and that of their kin, forever. It was truly a league of darkness, but Pollen had never cared to see it that way. He had reserved judgment in favor of first-hand results. Their system had produced great thinkers in all the important areas, scientists that provided medical breakthroughs, brilliant men, and even a few women that made significant differences in the human race as a whole. It had brought forth the best musicians, artists, and singers... known. Could any of that have happened, without the intervention of the Plato Elites? It was a question that plagued his heart... as his soul was in shreds. His time with Ajax had changed him. He had tried to stop it and failed. How had he never seen things in this light before, he could not say? But he knew... he was different. he wanted to hide that fact but was already afraid he had been found out. His weakness would be known now to the rest. They would do what? Take the open advantage against him, or stand together and send their combined technology and skill on a new path. A better path? Would he live long enough to convince anyone, especially if he had not even thoroughly convinced himself? and in what?... "It" was hard to describe. 

Then there was the personal side. Pollen had a big part in the circle, and power was like a drug. (It was one too if you could afford the cost.) The young in the line were introduced to it early, and fed it daily, until they could not do without it, ever. The enslavement of the family is complete in its premise, plan, and implementation. 

In Pollen's grand adventure he had seen the reality of everyday life. He had seen people from all walks of normal... or rather typical society, do crazy things. Some were not good, as expected. Some were evil, again just as well known. But there were others, heroic in nature, by their very presence as they met the day. The ones that went out and hunted for food, when they were too tired. When they led their wagons, in the weather... and did not think of stopping. Not all were smart, but most were miraculous. They went days without eating and never complained. They did with less water and gave the extra savings to their lives stock instead. The goal was to get them to the next place, they could roll the dice and make it through when all around them, others failed... and died. The spirit of the wild, the unplanned was vivid. It had created a soar spot in his camouflaged exterior that grew worse with time. It had to be addressed. It had to be taken care of. Either purged or embraced, but there was a choice, and putting it off, is all he could do, at least for now.

Ajax had talked about becoming, "born again..."... Pollen was too old to start over. What did that even mean?

The Egyptian played with the words in his head. He felt funny and less alone, the more he turned them over, and over again. The darkness of the room seemed to be less forbidding too, and hold less made-up monsters... at the edges of his fearful inner child's vision. He would never have admitted such flaws in his image, but now? Were they defects or new truly new life from the smallest seeds planted... by a heretic? 

The man left. His name...? Yes, Pollen remembered. It was Manus, the doctor. Well, he might have been that, and might not have been. Yes, he was a healer regardless. His name; meant yellow hair. There was no real clue there at all as to his intentions. He had helped, he had brought what was needed and Pollen was better. The cost for his services would be high of course, but the family would pay. Manus said he was the son of Brockton of Africa. That was a man like Pollen himself, another elder in the group of seven. So the rest were surely aware of the chaos the Hawks family was now in. Some would find ways to make that useful. It was concerning, maybe. 

Pollen tried to look around the room, without moving much. He did not want to alert anyone or anything that he was still awake. There was no sign of the "cat". The man had surely taken it... surely... Finally, he could not keep his eyes open any longer, he closed them. Soft fur touched his cheek just before he dozed away. It was still here? or so it seemed. 

Sleep... sleep... sleep...

Officer James had stayed the night at Ajax's home. He had come to respect and admire Davian. They were of like mind where Heron was concerned. Even James referred to the evil man as Heron or Mr. Hawks. Alexander seemed to be all wrong in any case. Both knew the man was guilty but proving it was hard, if not impossible. Even with the Pollen here, if he testified... It was still a matter of a jury trial. So many things could happen from the beginning to the end of that process. Currently, the old man had had some kind of episode. That did not bode well with the idea of stress and standing before a jury of peers. He was a great witness considering his background... but a bad one, as the man was frail. 

Also, there was Andrew Heron Hawks himself. He was a very wealthy man. He could and would put plenty of obstacles in front of the cart to throw it off the path. Heron was a lot of things, but afraid was not one of them. 

It rained all night and then snowed, back and forth. Outside the white blanket was a foot or more; deep. It was a wonderland, beautiful, breathtaking..., and hard to manage. The temperature had dropped well below freezing and did not appear to be going the other way, anytime soon. 

The Officer was up early. He had intended to be about his business. The young man was going to go by the larger Hawks' residence, and then back to town. Sadly he did not believe after last night, that even with Pollen as a witness, they would put Heron away. James was defeated, for now. Somehow one day, he would have justice... Not just for his reasons, but for the fact that law should be equal. It should never matter if you are rich or poor, only that you are held accountable for your actions accordingly. 

Davian was up early as well. He found the Officer in the big dining room having hot-hot cakes and fresh sausage. The whole room was well lit. Floor to ceiling walk-out doors on three sides... had pulled back window coverings. Light as it could; streamed in. The clouds also blocked areas, that had not released the grip of winter yet. Instead, it was threatening to increase in strength before long. 

"It is not a good day to be out my friend. Can you stay longer?" Davian chatted as he entered the room. 

"I had a mind to leave this morning. I don't want to be a burden. I have duties." He answered. Then picked up a fine piece of a good sausage. "Your cook is amazing." 

"We left off at a bad place last night," Davian responded overlooking the compliment completely. "I slept on it and you are probably right. Although the information provided puts Eric away in prison or even gains him a hanging... it does not do the same for my brother." The gambler moved to the side table, poured himself a nice cup of hot coffee, and then moved to the main table. He did not take the further away seat at the head of the table, as was customary, but the closer one. He wanted their talk, to be just between them. 

"I have looked outside. I need to leave soon. I believe I will go back to town, instead of to the mansion. I will work on contacting the right people, to place Eric's name and picture in front of as many lawmen as possible. Maybe we will catch a break. Perhaps a bounty?" There he smiled. "It would have to be enough to catch the right hunter's attention."

"I agree. I never thought of that. Would $5,000 be a good amount?" Davian jumped on the idea. Yes, getting other people to help them get what they wanted, was the right direction. 

"That would be a tidy sum." James smiled. He liked Davian a lot. The man was on the same mission and was not holding back. "Then I will go back and do just that. I will start the works in that direction and see what we can get done from this side of the country." There he smiled. "About the job..." He stammered. Last night in the small hours, Davian had tried to hire the man. Price was not an issue, but loyalty and morals were expensive. 

"As I told you, I could use a man. I pay well. You would not be required to do anything against your standing. You have your boundaries and I completely get that." Davian smiled his most winning grin. 

"My answer will come after, I place the wanted posters in the system. I will be more likely to feel less obligated to my current chief. You understand?" James finished. 

"I understand completely. I am always here and I do appreciate loyalty a lot." He drank his coffee..., just a few sips. "I will have your horse brought round, if you like you can take my carriage instead. The driver will drop you off and return. He is very good at these roads around here."  

"That would be more than kind." He finished his breakfast. The two men talked a bit more. Then Davian did just as he said he would. He had his carriage prepared and brought around to the front. The day was slightly warmer, but still extremely cold. 

Soon Davian was waving goodbye to his friend...? The truth was that having such a powerful goal between them made them securely connected.

Davian watched as the carriage went down the lain. Even in the high snow, it moved fairly well. The main road was much less filled with slush, and travel was easier. It was an unexpected turn of events. James was excited about what he had in the way of information. Sadly he wished that he could have put Heron away, but there was still time. Murder was a crime that had no statute of limitations. It would become a cold case maybe, but it would never "go away". He did have a note for $5000 to place as a reward for the capture of Eric Hawks. It was safely in his breast pocket. The only stipulation was that Davian's name is left off as a contributor. Being a family member it was easy for James to understand the reason for discretion.  

Upstairs, Pollen was now awake. He received his morning meal with the lovely help of the housemaid. She came in with a tray and set it down. She said nothing. He could not set up by himself, so the girl helped him. Then she sat beside him on the bed. Her hair was clean and fresh and smelled like sunshine... poetically. She put a napkin in the neckline of his nightshirt... then fed him. She did it slowly like one would feed a baby. The Egyptian thought she had pretty eyes. After that, he remembered very little. He went back to sleep. 

Manus road on. He had left the house on a mission to bring news to those that would hear, those that would listen, and those that would act. He was a doctor, yes, but his training was far deeper. He like all the henchmen style side-kicks, and lesser associates of greater men, and women before them... traded their very identity for knowledge. They yearned to be more, beyond their means and paid the price in whatever manner it was charged. He would go back to his mentor... back to Brittan. He had left the cat, as that was necessary to keep Pollen alive. How that in itself worked, was complicated to say. But many of the mysteries were not easily understood, they were just useful. 

Bora would not be happy. Manus was sure of that if nothing else. He had been sent to America nearly four months ago, by his master. Bora was concerned, after not hearing from Pollen for too long. He had waited for his chance as he knew it would come up. The last message, the last note... however that Bora had received, from  Pollen, he was leaving... to bring Ajax Hawks home. Now there were new levels of problems not previously considered. 

The other elders would be alerted, but no action would be taken. As far as Manus could gather from events Ajax Hawks was the right son. He was perhaps not the one that Heron Hawks had in mind at the moment to advance to his position, but it was a fact. The second son had committed murder, and admitted to it, in front of an elder. That was the same as committing the action in front of "all" of them directly. Not to mention he had also nearly killed Pollen. If the Plato elites went forward and put Eric on the seat of power in Ajax's stead they would have to have a very good reason. The elders themselves would not be easily swayed. So far Eric Hawks had only proved to be impatient and unstable. The likely hood of that being any better was not good. 

The Hawks' family was not without their skeletons as all the other families had as well. They were just a bit better at not allowing them to become animated..., and dance about in public. They normally buried the carcasses deep enough they would never surface, even in an archeologists' dig. 

Pollen would get better. He would write, and contact Bora directly. Not soon, but eventually. If all returned as before, the rest would stay the same. The elders were watching, but rarely did they gather together to change the course of any event. 

The rest of the day went by, like all the others. James made it back to the office in town. He drew up the papers and put out the warrant for Eric Hawks. He added a bounty to the posters. It would take time for the documents to move from here westward, but they would go. They would go all the way to Independence, then Santa Fe, and even beyond if necessary. The long arm of the law, the real law, was still strong. In some areas more than others, that was true.

Davian was patient. He wanted to rush Pollen for all the answers, and demand action. But he too realized the fruitlessness of his frustrations. Yes, he was home. He was close again to Lila, but still. He was just as far away as he was ever before. It was wrong, all wrong. He had hoped by now that would be different. 

The pretty maid walked by as he drank his coffee, at the table. She made him smile reflexively. He felt guilty instantly. Why? He was not married... He was not even promised. But somehow Lila had cast a spell over his heart, and he could not get loose. 

Davian looked away. Drained his cup of its contents and then set it back down. He got up from the table and went back upstairs. He went back to his room. It had become his sanctuary, his lair. He would stay there until an answer was found. 

One day, into two, then three and four, a week went by. Then two weeks and a month as well. Pollen was better but was still bedridden. He refused to discuss more than the fact that Eric was a murderer. No. he did not want to go back to the big house, and yes... he meant to stay right where he was until Ajax returned. 

The young woman that had come that first morning continued to do so, every day, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. She changed Pollen's clothes and even bathed him until he could do so himself. He enjoyed her company, so he was slow, very slow to heal. 

What was her name? Lila sweet Lila the quiet...
When Pollen finally had a chance to ask, he did not, he held back.
He tried to pretend it did not matter.
But soon the girl was his morning and his night.
She showed such empathy and compassion, without gain.
Her beauty was a puzzle, as it came brighter from the inside, then out.

The Egyptian had never allowed himself "luxury" before. No. He had a mission from birth, and he had kept to it. He had served in the Hawks' house as part of his ultimate life choice. He had gained the serum, the life elixir with his solemn promise to keep the Pact. Now, however, life had somehow changed. The boundaries were less clear. The value of it; had taken on a funny, new twist. Pollen was more alive than he had ever been, and he was deadly afraid to say it to anyone at all. 

Eventually, Davian came to his room. They talked. At first, it was slow and rough. The two men had come to possess more emotions than either cared to carry. The base fact that they were stuck with Heron as Head of House, was clear. Nothing could be done, until Ajax himself returned. Nothing was going to make that happen until he found Sarah. So, in the meantime, both men agreed, to support the other. They were closer than before. How it had come to pass, was a mystery to either man. But Davian had been changed by his time away. Pollen had been changed as well, by his time with the younger Hawks' man, Ajax. The two were now friends and more. 

Days again passed by. Weeks, months, and then years. Pollen grew accustomed to living at Ajax's home. He enjoyed his days, and they were pleasant. No call to have him return to the service of the Hawks' was ever made. 

As for Davian, he simply went forward. He did not have Lila before and he still did not have her. Maybe he never would. In his dreams, he found the face of the other woman, from time to time. The one that he had left back in Independence. Was she still there? Did she love him? How could she? He was a bad man... But?

30) Every Mountain has a pass,
and every man has a weakness...

Adrian had ridden ahead for a few miles along the trail. He did that all the time, looking for the best place to get through for the wagon. 

It was pretty this morning and a good time to be up. The others were not too far behind. He had found himself a nice overlook to watch the shallow valley below... All was clear. So he continued down without waiting for the others. Once he was at the bottom he turned back, no one there yet. Shultz was a good way in front, further than he thought originally. He could rest a minute and let everyone catch back up.  

The big man took a moment to dismount from his horse. He let the beast relax. 

A ping... a ricochet sound followed a moment or so later. Maybe even a bee or bad insect? Something hit, struck, or stung him square in the back of the neck. His body moved forward as if shoved. Shultz thought he might suddenly have lost his balance so he sat down right there in the road. The world had gone from beautiful to rather dull, and gray. He looked down at his chest... it was red everywhere. Why? It came to him that he had been struck by a bullet. It had to have come from a great distance. It hit him from behind and blew out the front of his neck. He was still alive... sort of. He should not be..., but he was. 

Not too far away on a shelf above... one man spoke to another, "Duck you need to practice your shooting. You missed his head completely. I think you hit him in the neck, however. That will at least work, I guess." Mortis gleefully teased his friend. 

"I told you I could do it from this far away. He is a pretty big target. Sure enough, I hit him. I know." Duck replied to his companion. It annoyed him that Mortis put him down ever so slightly. He hit the target, what was an inch or two? Mortis could do not do better. Mortis could barely shoot. 

"We are going to have to go down and make sure. Mr. Hawk's will want proof." Mortis's toothless grin was ear to ear. "We could take his head, and put it in the barrel with the others. There is room left." The nasty man put his hands together and rubbed them back and forth. It was unseemly somehow... "Ten dollars each is a lot of money. The Indians are twenty. That is where we, really make some coin." The gleam in his eye was bright. He licked his lips to think of all he could do with money, more money... mountains of money. Since he had come west and left his old life, all his past skills had come to be highly useful here.  

"Well, maybe for you." Duck rubbed his jaw where a long scar was still healing up. It had been the recent souvenir of a prior Indian bout. He had killed two men there, and it had been personal. Finally, Duck replied, "Okay, your right." He hated to admit it. "Go, and check. I will wait here. I did the shooting you do the fetching and carrying that is the deal. I will get the horses ready... and the saw." The ugly man ordered the other around. 

Mortis did not want to go, but he did. Fair was fair, or so it was said. He left his horse with Duck and continued on foot. It was further than he expected. The man was more than a little proud. He had found at least one of the marks on the list. Maybe Hawks would give him more money now. The big guy had a reputation and killing him was important. He would make that point to Mr. Hawks' right off. Well, it was worth a try. 

Duck watched. He was slightly put out that he had missed a bit. Normally he could shoot out the eye of a red bird at fifty paces. He hated birds. His mom had loved them. He did not like her much as he recalled either. 

Finally, Mortis was right next to the huge man. The body was on the ground, with its back to Mortis. The thug walked around. He looked at the pile of flesh..., up, and down in disgust. The stupid foreign man thought he was better than all the rest. Mortis had been told all about Ajax, and his team of rescuers. They were making themselves look like heroes, but Mortis and Duck knew better. They were just glory hounds. 

He kicked the body. Nothing happened. He kicked it again.   

Adrian was talking, and saying nothing. He was laughing, but he could hear no sound. His wife was in front of him. Her smile was so real, he had "no doubt" of her being there at all. Then they were dancing, it was their wedding. It was the sweetest memory in his heart. How this beautiful woman had chosen to live her life with him? was still a miracle to his soul. They danced... they danced... 

His body ached. He found he could no longer move at all. Abigail had a concerned expression, the kind she gets when he forgets things or tries too hard. She was so caring. Was?

Adrian knew he was going to die. He could smell the ugly man in front of him. He found he had the courage of one motion. He prayed, and his prayer was answered. Lightening quick his hands shot out and grabbed Mortis. They pulled him close when he leaned in, a mistake he should not have made. Shultz twisted the gun from his grasp, the man had out. Mortis had been afraid. William tossed it aside. His giant hands in full use... embraced Mortis's whole head. There... he focused his strength in a mighty effort. A pop sound followed. Mortis's eyes... were wide, but now they were empty. 

Shultz let go. He slumped again forward. He wished he could return to the dream... the memory. Some part of him wondered what heaven would be like? 

Duck had watched on in horror. He did not approach as he was a coward in general, but he would report back. He grabbed Mortis's horse's reigns, and his... and led them both away. After a while, Duck mounted his own, and road toward camp. Once there, he made a big speech to the other thugs that were waiting. He held onto his dead friend's reigns, as proof he had not made any of the rough business up. Duck had a terrible reputation. But this was different. This; really happened.  

Adrian's horse wandered in the meadow, nearby. Time kind of stood still a bit. The water, a river running... not too far off also. Clouds above, threatening as always to wreak havoc. The weather here was never really friendly. It never matters what time of year either. Soon flies came. They landed on the man and laid eggs. It was the way things were. It was not fair, or right, or just. It was life. 

The wagon moved along as it always did, sluggishly. It went through the mud with effort. They had not planned to be out at this time, they thought to wait a month or so, but word had come. There was a sighting of an Indian Princess... with jade green eyes. It sounded more like a fanciful story to tell small children, but the facts fit. Ajax had gathered his team, and they mounted up, off they went. They were close now, he felt it in his body, his heart. It beat faster, in a funny way... like a "quickening". That is what Pollen would have said. He would have named it. It meant that Ajax was aware of the future. How odd? Another made-up story to tell a child? 

The road was fairly clear and they were doing well. Ajax was up in front now and planning their next move. If they could keep to this heading for at least an hour or two, they might be able to get through the mountains ahead. Then he saw his friend's horse. There was no rider. It immediately gave rise to the emergency at hand. 

He kicked his horse and rode forward. It did not take long to find Adrian, dead. Ajax nearly fell from his horse instead of dismounting. He found his legs had become like rubber, and he had no strength at all. There before him was Adrian. The giant of a man had become so close to him, they were like brothers. He and his wife had kept Ajax focused when he might have given up a dozen times over. It was good people like them, that made others know what a rock truly was. They both were solid. 

How could Adrian be here? Dead? and there was another man... dead! It was more than obvious that Shultz had squeezed the life from the thug. The strength he had used to do it must have been epic. 

Ajax went to his friend's side.  He pushed the trash away... The stench of the real filth; was a terrible aroma. The evil man slid further to the ground. 

Adrian slumped over all the way now, the bad man's body removed, his own now free of the obstruction. Ajax checked his friend closely. He was not breathing. That is what Ajax knew he would find, but he had to go through the motions. Then he lay the man backward onto the ground. It was not easy, as he had already begun to stiffen. Ajax returned to his horse and retrieved his blanket. He looked up and the wagon was coming... closer. Ajax hurried. He returned to what he was doing. He took the blanket but did not cover Adrian. He rolled it and placed it under his head instead. Now the man appeared as if he were just sleeping on the ground. Then Ajax took his fine jacket off... and laid it over his friend, from the neck down. Now Adrian could be sleeping... far more peacefully than before. 

Ajax looked back. He could not hear well. For some reason, his head hurt. He felt fogged. Abigail was screaming, and crying... hysterically. She was driving the wagon one moment, and beside Adrian the next. Time did that funny thing, and moved fast and slow, and repeated again and again. It was disorienting. Ajax pulled himself together. Abigail was now on the ground by her husband. Her sobs were wracking... horrific sounds as if called up from the abyss... a lost soul in anguish. 

The doctor came round. He had been in the wagon too, as always. He and his sweet wife, Blue Flower was with him. They were trying to get to the body. Ajax impulsively, reflexively bent and took Abigail by the shoulders. He gently helped her rise from the ground. He turned her around and embraced her. She kept crying. Awkwardly Ajax tried to say "nothing", just simple words of comfort. He could not now, or later exactly say what they were then. 

Finally, the doctor was at Adrian's side. He examined the body, but the wound was fairly obvious. "Someone shot the giant from behind." The old man spoke low. "A coward did this terrible thing." He pulled Ajax's jacket up, to cover the German's face. Then he stood. He looked over at the dirty man sprawled awkwardly near by. "Looks like he paid for his crime." Doc then kicked the other man, with his boot. "Probably one of your brother's men. There might be more." He looked about. It was a good place for a trap. But nothing happened. 

Parker road up on his horse. "We need to get the body underground." Always the practical one. "Out here, things come calling, you don't want to answer to." He dropped off his horse lightly to the ground. Bill really liked; the German a lot. Parker was thinking it could be he, himself, or any of their party dead the same way. There small group had played this cat and mouse game with thugs too long. If they were not so focused on the girl, he... himself... would make it his mission to hunt all the dogs down and end them. 

The Indian woman, Blue Flower came moved up next to Ajax, and Abigail. She gently pulled Abigail away from Ajax's embrace. "Come." She spoke, warmly. The girl was not a big conversationalist, but she enunciated mountains full of information with few syllables, and a bit of tone. There was no, saying "no". Abigail complied and went back to the wagon.  

The men stood around a bit. Adrian Shultz was well over 300 plus pounds of flesh. They could not leave him here. Parker went and got a shovel from the back of the wagon. He walked into the big meadow. It was not very green at the moment, but soon, when winter let go again... it would be. Then, it would be a nice place. Surprisingly, when he tried his tool in the soil, it did not bounce. Instead, he was able to slowly dig, and dig. Hours later, the task divided among the younger men, while the doc and the women watched... the grave was complete. A good blanket had been chosen and the German had been wrapped. It took a great effort to place him into the hole. Abigail could not stop crying. Maybe at this point, she might never. Is that possible?

Doc said some words... Ajax tried to say something... Abigail could not talk, the rest, stood quiet and respectful. Then the deed was done. 

As for the other man, Mortis... his body lay in the open. Parker figured it would draw animals soon. He went and got his horse. He put a rope around the man's legs and dragged him away, a long way away. There, he took off his rope from the dead man and left the corpse. He did not bother to rifle the pockets. Bill did not take a thing from the body. The thought of doing so was repellant. What was left now, Bill figured, was food for the wolves, the small animals, and... He then returned to his party. 

The next step was important. They needed to keep going they had a great lead. But the death of their friend was a serious blow. They made camp and built a small fire. Parker kept watching. He was in no mood to sleep. He was mad. Dogs had come and taken what they should not have. Bad dogs, that needed to be put down. The man walked about the camp... regularly. Then he went out again, back and forth all night. Somehow he had gone from a lawman, for the Securers'... to a protector, to a personal bodyguard. While it was true he was supposed to bring Ajax home, it seemed to matter to him... that the man succeeded first. Ajax's zeal for life and his empathy for others was hard to miss. They made a man want to be better than he thought he already was... and that had no limit. 

As for the doctor and his wife, the older man was tired. Blue Flower had set their bed, under the wagon and the two were there now. Doc still felt he was way too old for the pretty young girl, but he did love her. He had not meant to. So he treated her more as a daughter, than a wife. He was getting old and she was a comfort. Always there, helping him, taking care of him. When the right man comes along, he was going to be very sad. One day, he would let her go... but only... for a real hero. She deserved good things. 

Then there was Abigail. Even now she was beside the grave crying. Blue Flower had brought a blanket to put around her shoulders earlier. The night was very cold. It was just going to get colder. The rain had stopped, but it would be back soon. Seemed like the weather was always bad. This time of year, it came in waves... one storm to the next. There was usually just enough time to travel a few miles before a deluge would make life miserable. Then there was the unpredictable nature of the land's response. They had to watch for flash floods and holes... filled with water to catch a wheel. All that would be harder now. Adrian was gone. He could lift the whole wagon from harm. At least that was in Abigail's memory... the way she wanted to remember it. 

Ajax walked up. It was late and dark. She knew he was there. Her crying had gone down some. It was just a heaving kind of sadness now. The woman was completely exhausted, mentally strained... and very afraid. 

"I wish that I had words that would help. I can tell you he is in heaven. I can tell you truly, I would take his place if I could." Ajax blurted out as calmly as he could. It sounded rough to his ears. 

"I know. It is not your fault exactly. We came here, and are with you... because you are a good man. You are on an important mission. A little girl was out there, alone. She has probably figured by now that she has long been forgotten. She has not." Abigail looked up into Ajax's eyes. Her pretty face, smudged with dirt and tears... mixed into a sweetly stained version of the Mona Lisa. 

Ajax moved closer. "May I stay?"

Abigail nodded. He sat down beside her. Then he waited a bit. Then a bit more. Finally, "Are you okay? You know you will be fine. I am here. I will make sure you have all that you need." 

"All that I need?" Tears welled back up in her eyes and slid silently down her face. "I need Adrian. I need to tell him he is going to be a father... I need to. But he is gone. We tried forever, and finally, we are going to have a baby... Now he is just gone." The tears flowed. She soon became very quiet... 

Twice in the matter of nearly no time at all Ajax had been shocked to the point of throwing up. It was a physical reaction to too much information. Everything you ever thought could go wrong had, then everything you dreamed possible just presented itself. How could they be the same? How? The pieces in his head slid together like they were finely cut and carved perfectly. "Marry me?" The question came right out. It was the answer. He would have to remarry if he ever returned to the mountain... the Hawks' home. His father the king thinks he did not know about the murders. He had sent a letter, he was sure he set that straight. Heron had best; fear his return. He would go back and take his vengeance from Heron's hide. But that was yet to come.

Ajax got up, then back down on one knee. It was not his first time. However, this was not exactly an idealistic spot either. The man would have normally been prepared. There would have been music, wine, and a fine meal. There would have been a desert... something extra delicious... like strawberry cake. Well, at least that much. This time he did not even have access to a nice ring. The notion had just struck him like a branding iron, and he jumped as if it hit his flesh... white-hot. Normally spontaneity was a good thing. It might even have been comically romantic. However, he was also right beside the grave of his good friend, the man he felt closer too than any brother. It was worse, he was asking his friend's wife...??? 

Out of nowhere, Abigail slapped him. "Bang!" He saw stars, and stripes... was that the American flag? It was hard to say what was on his mind as everything was suddenly slammed together. The woman hit him so hard she must have used her fist. His temple pounded and the instant headache he received would have killed a bull. "Wow!" he thought to himself. She can sure punch! Abigail could cook, and clean, and handle the wagon. She ordered horses, livestock, and men around with equal force, and got her way every time. There was no challenge she would not rise to. As for smart, she was a whip. Her parents had been teachers. They had schooled her well. In her youth, she had impetuous and ran off to join a troop of entertainers. There her natural gift for music bloomed. That was also how she met her husband. Adrian had a short job with the entertainers... moving their stages about.  

One minute, two minutes... four, five? How long was he out? Boy, she could hit. That surprisingly did not make Ajax mad but impressed the man instead. Hannah had been beautiful.. but different. Elizabeth had been sweet, and weak. Abigail... was not like either. She was a force of nature captured in a pioneer flower bonnet... a storm on the prairie few could escape if they tried. He sat up from the ground and looked around. He was by himself. 

He got up. Ajax brushed off a bit. He had tried to avoid the mud, but it got on everything. The man would be glad to turn back... for a spell. He also needed to go forward. For some reason, his guts were in a bunch. He had the feeling before Shultz died, and he had it still. So it had nothing to do with the death of his friend. Women got premonitions and déjà vu... or so he had been told. Men got them now and then as well. Pollen had told him to pay attention to such "superstitious" nonsense. 

"Tools of the moment, should not be thrown away." The words came to Ajax.

The man looked around The wagon was not far away. There was a small fire there. Doc and Blue Flower were already in for the night. Parker was around somewhere, he had seen him earlier. He too was a good man, a good friend. Even if he never returned to his "station" in life, Ajax felt he had lived well. Since his friendship with Max Houston, he had been given a new lease on life, and it had opened up his horizons. In a way... his running had been bad, but it had also been with the best of intentions. How can a good thing, be bad? Well, that happens all the time. Pollen used to beat that line into his head, more often than the rest for sure. 

Ajax walked back. He needed to get some rest. The morning was going to be here before he had a chance to close his eyes even once. Abigail was waiting by the other horses. She was petting the big one that belonged to her husband. He approached very slowly as if she were a skittish mare. "I am sorry." He whispered. 

"Yes." 

"What? What did you say?" He could barely believe his ears. 

"Yes. You see I am pregnant and my baby needs a real father. You will do." Abigail exclaimed. She continued to pet the big horse. It whinnied softly. "We will do this in private, and no one will know until we are done with this journey. As for the baby, he... or she... will be yours... or deal is off." her fears coming to a head. 

"Dearest Abigail, I want to make sure you recall... my brother is a murderer. My father is one also. My name is dark, but you would make it bright again. I will treat you well. Your child will be mine. We can leave the name in the air. If it is a boy, we will agree now the name will be Adrian. If it is a girl... she will Abigail. She will be lovely like her mother. I will have no other children." He swallowed hard. "I don't believe I can, as I have tried with two women in my life. So yours... will be mine... and never be displaced." He wanted to kiss her. He drew closer but did not want to press his winning line any further than she felt he should. 

"I am not ready yet to fulfill any wifely duty." She spoke low for his ears alone. "I can not at this time. I want to grieve as I should, but there is no place in the landscape to put that in." Tears slipped down her cheeks in tiny streams. 

"I respect that. I respect you... my future wife. We will find a preacher, we will marry. No one will know you carry my child... until the time is right. There will be no question the child is mine. Now... I should take you back." He stammered. "You need to rest." 

"Back to the camp?"

"No, Back to Santa Fe, where you will be safe."

"No." She put her foot right down. "We will find Sarah. Nothing as changed. I am in favor of the preacher, however, as I want our child not to bear an unwanted name or shadow. I want there to be no whispers... " 

 "After all of this, you still want to go forward?" Ajax was beside himself. This woman was truly stronger than even his mother. Her lines however mixed, made alphabet soup of the elder's findings... proving them completely wrong. The Plato people were not what they seemed. They wanted to be better than others, so they told themselves they were. After generations of lies, those lied to believed the lies. However... Ajax did not believe any longer. No. He had been shown the truth. Once he was back in the seat of power, he had plans to change things. Ajax was going to make differences alright. But they were going to be in favor of more people, strangers even. Anyone that showed promise but was held back, was going to get a hand up if he could supply it. Ajax had given his plan deep thought on more than one occasion. According to the rules of their family, once he was the Head... few could challenge his decisions at all. That was worth working toward. Not because he wanted the personal gain that would come with it, but what he thought he now could do with that kind of might.

He held her for a moment, stared into her eyes. He was set free. Ajax had no idea he had been carrying the ghosts of both his wives. They clung to him like vines and choked his heart. Abigail lifted him. She released their memories. The best was kept, and the chains were let go. "When you can no longer travel, we will turn around... do you understand? Are we in agreement?" Ajax Hawks spoke clearly to his future bride. "You carry a treasure in your belly, a life, that needs a chance."

"I agree." She replied. Then they kissed. There they split up as to not raise undue gossip concerning the night. It was a lot of news and information all at once for anyone to take it. They had just lost a team member that was a huge part of all their lives. Ajax found himself stuck between wanting to dance, and depressed... a mirror of the weather. 

The next morning they packed and left the grave of Adrian Shultz; beloved husband, friend..., and father. Abigail cried again, and would not stop all morning. Ajax wanted to comfort her directly, but he tried to keep his distance. They had a plan. They were going to be married. It would be okay. But at the moment, they had to find Sarah Houston. He never wanted to succeed so badly before. He needed to be on target, and aggressive. 

The team continued. They traveled another week north, then turned again south. Ajax did not feel Abigail was recovering well from her husband's death. He pushed them back toward Santa Fe even against her urgings to do otherwise. He told all of them they had worked hard and should resupply. The devastation of such death had taken a toll. 

Once there, Ajax had Parker refit the wagon right away. He told the doc he was going right back out. The doctor told him he and his wife... were always ready. This time however he left Abigail behind. She did not want to be left... and made major complaints. In the end... she broke down and agreed. Ajax arranged for a preacher to come to the hotel. He updated the others as to what had happened. Not the part of her being pregnant. No. He left that out. But he did marry her. None said a bad word. It was not uncommon for a good man, a brother; to marry another brother's wife... in such a case. The goal always to take care of her... for him. 

After the ceremony, Abigail finally quit sobbing.

The team was much smaller now. They went back out. The wagon was full, with blankets and tradable goods. They retraced their steps. They needed to be on the same trail. Yes, they had gone home for Abigail. No one said a word. She was broken and needed to rest. They just traveled forward. They had turned into a tight family unit. Each took care of the other as if they were blood kin. 

Parker had liked the idea. He was glad Ajax had married the woman. She was pretty. Out here that was hard to come by. Plus she was talented more than any other woman he had come across. She could feed a man, stitch him up, kiss him well, and send him on his way... anytime... in Bill's book. 

The trip to Santa Fe and back had not been too bad. The group had gone down the same roads so many times, it seemed like every rock and tree were a measured signpost. Soon they came to the same place they had buried their friend. The grave was still there and untouched. As for the other body, no one knew what happened to it... no one cared. 

It was late in the day, and everyone was tired. They were still looking for the Indians. The clues they had received before had played out right, so far. The path narrowed up ahead. It was growing darker as night was close. They were all tired. 

The wagon made noises... the horses... moved. 

An arrow struck the side of the wagon with a thud. Then it was followed by another and another. Ajax stopped his horse. They were not likely to win against a large group. He slowly turned back to the wagon. If they had meant to kill anyone they would have already. 

Ajax saw that doc had the reigns still in hands, in control of the team. 

Should he stay or go? What was the command?

Doc froze for the moment.  Blue Flower beside him was speaking loudly, but Ajax could not hear her well. She had said something about, "There... is... " Is... What? Ajax drew closer. Now he could hear her... "There she is." Blue Flower stopped speaking and started pointing up ahead... on the path. 

A woman had appeared on the trail ahead. She was an Indian woman. At least she was dressed as one. She road a black and white pony. There was a handprint design across the bridge of the animal's neck. The mark was ownership and station. Its front feet danced a little up and down on the road. It was not nervous, it wanted to play. It liked to run. It also loved Aponi... so it was glad to have her ride. 

Ajax could see the young woman clearly now. His heart beat fast. He was sure it was Sarah as well. The likeness to his own mother was uncanny. The only real difference was age. Ajax had seen pictures of Lila in her youth. The rider was her... it was. He tried to gather his thoughts and come up with the proper greeting, but there was little chance. Things moved too fast. 

Next to her was a tall man. He was fierce-looking but young. He was well armed with a bow and many arrows, a hatchet, and a knife. His look alone would kill if that were possible. Ajax faced forward on his horse. He waited. 

They were all soon taken prisoners. 

31) The Gate to Heaven, and the Entrance to Hell

The timing of things sometimes seems all too perfect so it must be planned, even though you know there is no way that is possible. 

Duck had been a problem most of the morning. The group was leaving out. They had news and it seemed like good news. There was a man, a miner that had been found. He had been talked to and persuaded to... tell them everything that he knew. That included where his gold was hidden, and the comings and goings of all Indians in the area. The first part had nothing to do at all with the second, but being that the Hawks' men were vicious by nature, it was no surprise. Their collection of "extras" was acquired but not shared with the boss. 

This time there were twenty-two men in all. Duck an ugly and unforgiving man was basically in charge, but Eric and Frost both were going to go as well. Eric would be the final say on the big things, but let Duck handle all the small stuff. The boastful man had been up and down the trail so many times, he knew every rock and stick. Eric felt he paid him a lot, so now he was just going to earn it. 

Mike Frost had stayed in the background of Eric's life. He had become his shadow. He lived, ate, and kept near Eric like glue. He liked the good life and being friends with the rich man had plenty of perks. He would have skipped this outing altogether, but it would not have gone over well. So he knew even the night before, he would be among the team. 

The trail was north of Santa Fe, the one they needed. It was an offshoot of the main track. The group was well packed as always and had mules with them. They had no wagons as Duck told Eric where they were going was rough country. Once they left the direct road it was not going to be the "easy way, as Eric was used to". The disparaging remarks were an undertow in every conversation. Duck liked to feel superior, and the more he knew Eric Hawks the more he embraced that way of thinking. Why? Because he had seen the side of Eric, he already knew existed. But it had been far more apparent over time. His original clothes, Eric's high-end outfit, were wrinkled and less cared for. His belly, was bigger than two other men's put together. His soft flesh, grown softer, as he had refused to do the work himself, but hire more men instead. Duck was a man... a real man. He looked down on Eric, from his "own" low pedestal.  

Nearly a week later they found the crossing point Duck was after. He guided the group north, and west again..., from there. They were days away now. They would finally find the stupid girl. The henchman was counting on a serious bonus. The miner, his men had come across had paid the price for his stubbiness. He was dead of course. Not before he had given over gold, in more ways than one. He had blurted out exactly what they needed, which was the Indian princess with green eyes. There could only be one. 

Once that news had come to Duck he felt renewed. He saw the light at the end of the tunnel, and the mine was rich with gold for the taking. Or rather the rich man would pay... 

The weather was dark, and the day was likely to hold rain. Were there no sunny days in this forsaken wilderness? It was a question that Eric pondered on often. 

The weather would make the going even rougher, but Duck was used to that. It made him laugh inside, and sometimes outside as Eric struggled and followed. The other men were all the real deal. They complained, but nothing serious. The normal stuff. Too little food, cold food, hard ground, no sleep... the trail. It was by definition not a comfortable place to be. That was true under the best of circumstances, which these of course were not. 

The further north they traveled the land rose, and hills took over. Then the mountains in the distance became closer and closer. Eric Hawks wondered just how far they would have to go? But he kept silent. He was forced to comply by necessity. 

Frost was ever on his heels. He was the best friend that Eric had if you counted him as such. He was a mooch and a slug, but he was also "company". 

They were four days and nights north and west now. Duck had promised they were close. It had rained half the time. The mud made things more than uncomfortable. It got onto everything and was in everything. They found a river, swollen by more rains further up. It had pieces of wood, debris floating along the surface. It was a good thing they did not have to cross. It would have been difficult or perhaps impossible without loss of life. Here, there was a trail, however, that ran directly by the water... It was more than a deer path. It appeared to be used by many, and often. Duck moved faster at this point. He even took the lead. They rode, single file. 

The low hills turned into mountains. Then they drew closer together the further the riders continued. Up ahead there was a dark pass-through. The man that found the girl, had told Duck all about it. He had said the tribe was north of the pass. So in finding the place now, the leader felt confident he was close. He continued forward. The mountains were tighter against the river, but the trail was still passable. It was slow going. His men followed obediently as dogs do when there is meat to be had. 

Then slowly the tight gap opened again and spread back out. The land ahead was a beautiful valley. There were more mountains in the far distances, but here... it was green in places. The cold of winter had just begun to take hold. It was a place of true exquisiteness. 

The dark clouds overhead began to drizzle. The party moved on. The path was even clearer here than before. It was easy. Duck felt a sense of euphoria. He was having everything go his way. He would find this girl after all this time and exact a serious bounty for her head. The rich man would never be rid of him. He would bleed Eric... He would find a way... it was like having all the eggs in his basket for once. Duck had no intention of dropping or cracking a one.  
Then...

An arrow struck Duck full in the chest. It was a perfect bull's-eye. Duck; was so shocked it took him several seconds to realize he had been hit at all. A second arrow whizzed by and hit another rider behind him. Then more arrows flew. From where? Everywhere... It was a trap!!! 

The trees seemed to come alive. Indians... all over. How had they not seen them? They had blended so well with the trees, they were like trees themselves. 

The evil man tried to stay in his saddle. He was on top of the world. He remembered that part, he held onto that... as his vision blurred and then his hands no longer obeyed him. Balance left his body and he slid from his seat to the hard ground. Dead. 

Eric Hawks had never been on the receiving end of such violence. He took out his gun, which he had at his belt line. He fired randomly at motion in the trees. He tried to hit something, anything. He kept pulling the trigger until there were no more bullets. Then he fumbled with the rifle which was in its sheath on his horse. Halfway out he dropped it to the ground. 

Screaming... There was plenty of that going on. From where? Everywhere... The men around him were also reacting. They were stumbling over each other to both attack and get away. It was chaos to watch. With Duck gone, there was no leadership left. Not that there had been much. 

Mike Frost had run his full game. He had cheated, stole, and even murdered if the truth is ever known, but he had always gotten away. Fate had finally found him. She was mad, and it was not going to be pretty. He resigned himself. The number of Indians outmatched them 3 to 1... and they had both surprise and tactical advantage. Frost had done a short stint for the military. That is before they kicked him out. But he learned. They were in deep trouble, and Frost himself could not see any escape. 

More men died. The arrows kept coming. Soon... Only a handful was left. Some had scattered, others fell, wounded, and dying. Then the attack stopped. A brave on a horse... came out of the woods... He was painted... his face and his mount. His visage was fearless, brave... carved like granite. A second rider joined him. It was a woman... Eric could see clearly. She was young and had brown hair. Eric knew her, it was Lila, his mother. No. It could not be. So it had to be Sarah Houston-Hawks. Or more correctly Hawks-Houston... but he did not care about that. 

There was a distance of thirty or more feet between them. Eric's men were gone. He was left, and Frost. Duck was dead on the ground in front of his horse. Eric glanced back... There were two more... still mounted... but they had their hands high in the sky. "Cowards!" Eric screamed in defiance. 

"Uncle... I am glad you have come personally. It took much to get you here." The girl spoke as he rode her horse a bit closer. The man that was with her kept at her side. He saw she too had paint on her face. It made her look different, in a detached way. She was speaking to him. She had planned this?

Eric let all of that sink in. He had been lured here, by a girl. "Yes. I am here for you." He took stock of his horse. There were no weapons left. Not that he was very good at using any of them. That is why he had hired help. But they had simply died. Duck was such an idiot. It was his fault that Eric was out here now. His boasting and teasing, his low-minded self-centeredness had done this to the Hawks' man. 

"We have family business to discuss." She nodded her head... slightly. Arrows shot out and hit the two remaining men, still mounted. They died... "We don't need them." She smiled. "You see, I have Hawks' blood. I can do what is necessary. That is what I intend to do to you." 

Frost made a sound. He did not mean to make any, it just happened. The woman looked up and across at him. He had not received the same as the other two... Why? 

"Hello, Mr. Frost." Aponi's voice held venom with every word. "Do you remember me?" The man looked at the girl, the woman, the Indian. He felt his insides crawl in a bad way as if he had eaten live snakes. "Yes". That was the answer. He had forced her family off the wagon train and into the wilderness... alone. 

"You don't have to answer... I remember you." Aponi continued. "I am glad you have come this way. My family and I," She paused for a moment... "Yes..., my family..." Referring to the brave beside her and all the others now surrounding them... "wish to extend our deepest appreciation for all your efforts to find me. It made leading you like a rat to cheese easier than I had expected. Oh, and for leaving my other family to fend for themselves..., there is a debt to be paid. Which you will work out in blood. You knew they would die. You expected me to die too" Her voice was full of accusation. 
She was judge and jury. 

Eric was looking for some way out. He could ride his horse into the swollen water... He could swim away...? He could ride the other way and take his chances. Dead is dead, might as well try. But that all seemed rather beneath him somehow. This stupid child was more proud to be Hawks' blood than he was himself. He hated her. He wanted to live just long enough to have a chance, one chance to put his own hands around her throat. 

"Come, we have made food... and there is drink." Aponi made a hand sign and warriors came from the woods nearby. They were armed. They were mounted. The group moved closer and took up sides around Eric and Frost. Once in position, they waited for their next command. 

Wolf watched everything go down. He was still working on his English, but he heard, and understood most of the conversation. Aponi was smart. Wolf appreciated an intelligent woman. They were a helpmate. Her strengths were surprising. She could ride, hunt, and heal... Tall Feather had made sure she had every opportunity to be "more". He was a proud father. She had proved out among the men as well. That had taken some effort. Aponi was still humbled by Brown Bears' approval of anything that she did. 

Wolf was the son of Brown Bear's youngest brother. He had moved up in might, power and social standing. He was fierce and brave. Nothing won against him, man or animal. His one weakness alone was the young, beautiful woman beside him... Aponi. She was the sun in the morning and she was his sanctuary at night. In her arms the world moved. Now, he was with her, they were one. Life was complete. 

Aponi turned her horse back toward camp. The clues had been enough to bring Eric Hawks. That was the goal all along. Behind her... Wolf took up position... in Aponi's shadow. He would guard her now and always. Eric looked about; again considering running away, bolting on his horse. His weight was close to 250 or even more accurately 300... pounds. The rich man did not believe the beast would last long. They would run him down. No dignity in that, at all. 

Eric kicked his horse's sides slightly and followed Wolf. Frost did the same. He also had much the same thoughts as Eric too but had not given up. A chance would come, he figured and then he would take it. 

The other Indian braves kept the prisoners surrounded as they could, and followed behind. The path was fairly clear at this point. 

The cooking fires could be smelt long before seen. They were small. The Indians had worked closely with their surroundings to hide. Their tents were made of skin, so they blended in. This valley offered many secrets, and the people knew them all and used the place accordingly. The river was close here too. The land was just as it should be, one step from heaven. 

Aponi and Wolf were greeted by the young. The women of the village gathered, and the old men too. Many braves were already out hunting, but they would be back. They would not want to miss the entertainment. 

The people were less than they were before. Many had died from conflicts Eric started with his men. He had paid bad men to do bad things. He had unleashed malice... He had bought men, bought their very souls, just to cause trouble, and they had. Not just for Aponi and her family... but other tribes in the land. Eric was responsible for many, now in the grave. The burden of his wickedness was heavy, and Brown Bear... was going to be more than happy, to help him elevate the weight of it all. 

Aponi paraded her newest acquisitions about, and the people cheered. She moved through the tents to the Chief's home. There she dismounted. She let the reigns of her horse fall to the ground. The animal would stay right where it was. Aponi told it to. She could speak to the horses. It was not a verbal thing, but they understood each other. The talent had come in handy on more than one occasion. Being the daughter of a Medicine man, was secretive and enigmatic all on its own. However, Aponi seemed to be much more, than expected in other areas. It had been a constant source of pride and comfort to her adopted father. He had been in the right place at the right time and had been blessed. Well, that is the word that Aponi had taught him. She had shared other things too. 

Tall Feather was gone now. He was dead... In one of Eric Hawks' little arranged skirmishes, the man had been shot. Tall Feather had died coldly, as there was no reason for his demise. That empowered Aponi to new heights of feelings, and emotions she had rather never endured. Yet, they molded her, like an Indian woman makes a leather bag, from a deerskin. The product is far more useful in the end. 

Wolf and the other braves followed Aponi all carrying light hearts. This was a good moment for the people.

 The opening on the Chief's tent flipped back. Brown Bear stepped out into the morning. The clouds above were as dark as his mood. He had been injured a month back. The wound had healed but it still made him ache. Walking was hard, but he showed no weakness to anyone. It was not his way. Later he would speak with Aponi. She would make him the broth he liked, and he would feel better. For now, he would be strong. He needed to be. He must be. 

Brown Bear walked out slowly. He stood tall and looked around at his people. Then he cast his gaze on the man, Eric Hawks. He was a dirty, ugly man. The Great Spirit had been good to Brown Bear. The evil man had finally been captured brought to the tribe. 

"Wolf." The Chief began. He gave recognition to the brave... which was proper. Then, "Aponi..." he continued. "You have done well. All of you have done well." He moved his hand in a grand gesture to include the other men in the group as well. "Let us celebrate." he lifted his arms to the sky. Cheers went up all around. The people that were near were elated. The news would travel fast... the Bad Man was going to die. He was going to die, and he was going to do it well!

32) Olympus is a Myth, Only Heaven is Real
and God is King!

Blue Flower had been right. The woman in front of the wagon... on the trail... just ahead... was Sarah Hawks-Houston. She did not look like any regular white woman. The reason for that; she was dressed in leathers. She wore feathers in her hair and paint on her face. Not so much as to disguise or stop anyone from seeing her clearly, but to mark her perfect acceptance of her new life. What gave her away... was her golden brown hair and unforgettable eyes. 

The man beside her was a huge Indian. He was a warrior no doubt one of their best. There were others all around their group in the bushes and trees off the main path. Escape was not possible. 

Ajax spoke calmly to his team. "Don't fight. Don't give them any reason to hurt us." He swallowed hard, hoping he was right. In one heartbeat he had gathered all he needed to know. Sarah was far more than a little girl now. She had grown to womanhood. Why had he not realized that was the reality of what he would find before now? He had been on the road for so long, he never took time to consider. In his mind he had a picture of a lost child. That was of course not the case. 

Sarah moved her horse forward to the wagon. She came within a few feet of Ajax himself. The big, hostile Indian stayed at her side. He was obviously her protector... was he more? The thought immediately crossed Ajax's mind in the way the man looked at Sarah. His body language was screaming words his mouth had not spoken. He would gladly have killed them all and moved on. The stare he gave, was full of hate... and anger. Ajax wondered why? He had heard rumors of the Indians being mistreated, and even killed off. How true were they? 

"Follow." Sarah spoke in English, a commanding tone. She directed her single word to Ajax. 
He immediately turned to Bill and the doctor. He gave a nod to do as they were told. No more words were given. Sarah turned her horse around and headed back the way she had come. The Indian again followed her without a word. Their group then moved to do the same. 

Ajax wanted to ask a thousand questions. He wanted to say... "Here I am to save the day." None of that seemed like the right response. This was more about saving his team now, than before. These Indians were powerful, and wasted no time on stupid. 

They traveled a few more miles. They took a turn off from the main path. Then they did the same again. Then they finally came to the Indian camp. It was upon them before they had time to realize it was exactly where it was. The people, the tents and all those among them were extremely camouflaged. Everything was made to be part of the landscape as much as possible. Not like normal camps that might be found in other areas... this one was perceptibly more hidden. The people that walked among the tents... were quiet too. All voices were hushed. 

Even has the entered the camp, few moved to come and see what was being brought in. Why? Because the influence of Sarah had altered their movements. They were at war as far as she was concerned. Brown Bear their chief felt the same. In the last few years the increased attacks from all sides... both from other tribes as well as predator scouts and hired men had left a deep mark. 

The wagon stopped. There team was made to get down. Ajax and the others were then unceremoniously pressed into a waiting tepee. The flap was closed. The inside was immediately black. They were not allowed to bring anything with them. They were truly lucky to be simply alive. 

After they were inside, Ajax and the others could hear their wagon move away.  

Ajax smelt the others inside the tent, their fear and sweat... "Sarah would have had us already killed if that was  her intent." He spoke. 

No one said anything back. They each found places to sit and wait. Their fate... unsure. 

The night was cold. Ajax had no idea of the days passing as they all still remained in darkness. There was not even a fire to stay warm. Finally the flap opened. An Indian called out... "Come, Ajax."
It was a woman's voice. Surely it was Sarah. The sound was soft, yet full of inflexible strength. 

"I will be back." Ajax spoke low to the others, and stepped to the door. There he went outside and the flap was again put into place. 

Ajax Hawks was confronted outside by Sarah, just as he expected. He had been correct. She said nothing and motioned for him to walk with her. They went together out of camp down toward the water. 

Soon, Ajax and Aponi stood together overlooking the river. The night was cold, but not freezing. The rain never fell, it was only deception here in this place. The drizzle, however, was continuous.  The clouds above made much larger promises they did not keep. Further up in the hills, it came down in sheets, however. Then the water found ways to move across the land, in tiny rivulets and small streams. They swelled the wide water at the headway and filled it with debris. 
 
"I know why you have come." Aponi began. "My mother told me the family would do just that. They would send for me." 

Ajax pondered how he might reply. Now that he was here and she was right beside him? What was his motive? Was he like all the rest after all, ready to use her to gain his own life's freedom? If he did bring her back now, she would be placed into marriage. She would be used as she was always meant to be. The question then, does anyone have that much right over another? 

"Are you happy?" He finally voiced the only important question. Max had changed his life, and he had also changed his sister's life. It only followed that their daughter would be a reflection of that transformation. 

Aponi gave the question of happiness some thought before answering. Then she tossed it all aside. Instead she began,  "I have something for you." She put her hand into the bag she had strapped over her shoulder. She then pulled out a rag that had something wrapped within. Carefully, she unveiled the contents. There before him was a man's bloody finger. It was a finger with a ring still worn on the knuckle portion. Ajax recognized the token immediately. It was the Hawks' family crest. The ring of power for the whole line. It meant the welder held the position as Patriarch.

The fact that Aponi had the ring, meant that she also had Eric. It was the only way she could have acquired such a treasure. Eric would have received it from their father. The betrayal was complete. Ajax carefully reached out his hand toward the prize. Part of him wanted to take it and keep it... to make it his own. The other part wanted to take it and throw it into the water that moved passed them, as they stood upon the bank.  The symbolic emblem was a mixture of everything Ajax wanted to leave behind, and his new grasp of what needed to happen. His hand touched the metal. Then he took the finger from the cloth. He pulled the ring clear and tossed the flesh to the dirt. Ajax accepted the token and placed it on his own hand.  Maybe he should have asked about Eric. No. He found he did not care... and somehow knew the news was not going to be good anyway. If the lack of one digit was any indication, Eric's future was not bright. 

It would have been nice if it had been a real family moment. In a way it was, but not in the typical warm and comforting fashion. It was more of a partnership and an agreement between like minds. They talked a bit more but of nothing truly personal. Ajax wished in some way he could have relayed kind memories of his little sister here to her daughter. But he had none to speak of, none to say. Sarah Houston was gone. The remainder, was a shadow only of what she was meant to be. Well, that was as defined by the Plato individuals. They used women as chattel, which meant property. They were possessions to increase power and bear heirs. That would never be the case for Aponi. Now the young woman was everything she was supposed to be all along. The difference between a cow and a lion, the heart is changed by fear, replaced by faith... and released by freedom. 

They watched together as the clouds parted above, and the big full moon showed through. It lit up the countryside nearly as bright as the noon sun. All around there was a sweet white... glow. It was incredible to view the landscape from their slightly higher position next to the water's edge. This land, so free, so wild, with so much to offer,... beckoned. Ajax could feel it, and so could Aponi. 

There they made a new "Pact" together. A promise to go against everything their family had stood for... forever. Both individuals having received nothing but hardship and pain from their kin, would now work to protect what was most, or ever only... the important standing. What was the message; that there was only one God, and he did favor the weak with the blessings of new strength, not otherwise possible for humans. 

Finally, Aponi and Ajax walked back to the Indian camp. No one paid any attention to their passing. If the man was walking free with Aponi, then he was free indeed, to walk as he pleased. They came to the tent where his friends were waiting. There they stopped. 

"I will have your wagon brought. I will have horses to pull it, but no extras. There will be enough to get you back to Santa Fe." The Medicine Woman spoke loud enough now for all to hear, nearby. The Doc and Parker were standing at the entrance, listening and waiting. Blue Flower was further inside. She knew their fate was sealed in any direction, so worry and concern was pointless. 

"Thank you," Ajax replied. 

"You will leave in the morning. None of you will come back..., ever." Aponi continued. It was nothing different than she had already said to him in private. Her words now, were spoken more to the audience than to her Uncle. 

Ajax again replied, "Thank you." Then he added just under his breath. "You are always welcome back home, you must know that." The affirmation of her acceptance was complete in is heart and mind. "I will do what is necessary." The last part trailed off into silence. The undertow was a coming storm to be dealt with by the Hawks' family as a whole. 

Aponi looked him over. Victoria loved her older brother and had told her small daughter that repeatedly. Sarah never understood it. Aponi just accepted it. Her mother was a bright, beautiful star, and the loss of her made life "less", here on Earth. Yet, Aponi knew that in heaven the day Victoria arrived, the angels sang and sang. One day she would see her mother again. The gift of Jesus was still strong in her heart. Stronger now than ever before. Yes, she was an Indian. Yes, she loved the People. But, she would never give up her true soul except to the most, high King! 

This time Aponi spoke. "Thank you." She said. It was nearly inaudible, but Ajax caught it just the same. Then she turned and left. 

Ajax went back inside the big tent and was attacked immediately with questions. He answered again, and again as the night faded away. First Bill, then the doc. Finally... the morning light came streaming in as the door was pulled open. It was by the hand of a young Indian woman. 

"Wagon comes now." She spoke calmly in clear English. She peered in for only a moment, glancing at each individual. Then she turned and left, her task here complete. There were always other things to do.  

No one moved too quickly. Ajax was ready to go first. He would lead them. No one had slept, as they wanted to be gone from here, so all were very tired. Yet, they took Aponi at her word and felt they had a chance now. 

The weather had cleared in the early hours. It would be a good day to travel. 

The wagon came out of the brush. A young brave was driving it as well as any wagon man could. He stopped it without going all the way into camp. 

The Indian that had been guarding the tent holding Ajax and his group, was gone also. Ajax took note. All around the camp was alive with people. No one paid him or them...  any mind. He motioned to the others and they followed him out. Then they all walked calmly to the wagon. 

The Indian that had been driving, jumped down. He walked over to Ajax. He had a measured gait, it was a reflection of a trained hunter, a true predator. As he drew close, Ajax realized he was the same man, as the man that had been by Aponi's side on the trail. Was this going to end here? Aponi was very sure of herself when they had talked last night. "Is this something new?" He asked inside himself, in an effort to seek a plan B. The powerful man stood very still. Everything was going just as it should, but Ajax kept alert. Parker too, was ready to fight, even if overwhelmed. He would never just die easy.  

The Indian spoke, "I..., am Wolf." He struck his fist to his chest. His English was not as clear as the young woman earlier, but fair enough. The brave was nearly six-foot-high. He was well-muscled and had sharp eyes. Nothing missed his gaze. "Aponi has fulfilled her words." His body language said he was kept under tight control. If it were up to him alone, none of them would be going anywhere. They were all the same, evil weeds... foul animals... and should be treated accordingly, identically. "You leave now." He stepped to the right, leaving the path to the wagon wide open. The statement was a "get out of town, by sundown... or else..." only it was morning. The imagery, of the finality of his actions, was a mirror in either case.  

The whole team did not have to be told twice. They passed by the big Indian..., and went quietly to the wagon and got on. Parker took the driver's seat. He picked up the reigns to the team. There were four horses, not six. It would be enough, but barely. Then, the man waited for Ajax to get on board. Ajax took a moment longer. 

The Hawks' man sized up the young, but very capable Indian. "Thank you." He finally voiced. Then he too turned and headed to the wagon himself. Once there he climbed aboard. He took the seat next to his friend. Parker jerked the straps the right way, and the team moved forward. A few Indians watched them leave. But none cared. They were all far more interested in the day's events ahead. Eric and Frost were even now having a big breakfast. They were being treated like kings... They were also extremely confused? but enlightenment would be served later. 

The wagon was empty except for the barest of bones. The Indians had taken every tradable item and every useable tool. That made Ajax smile. The Indian's may have let them go, but they were not foolish. Their own lives were all they got. The fact Ajax and the others had a wagon and horses at all, was Aponi's work surely. Otherwise, they would be walking. She must really, want Ajax and his people, gone! It was the message he had inside, she wanted..., delivered. That was, "Leave her alone or else." Boil everything down and it was clear. She would make an extremely powerful enemy now. Given a little more time, she would be far worse.  

The trail home was muddy and hard going. But it seemed to fly by in comparison to traveling outward. Their spirits were lifted. They were going home. They had finally found what they had sought after for years. Sarah Houston was alive. Well, dead to those that wanted what they thought they lost. To those that we're seeking to make sure Victoria's daughter lived, things had gone okay. Aponi was alive and well, and even in good placement with her People. Ajax figured that no matter what happened ahead the young woman would succeed. She had been planned for that way. In reality, she was the final perfect product... but not captured and studied, but let go. How would that end now? All her movements were outside the Pact... they were reckless, wild, and most importantly... boundless. 

The team made it home. Well, at least Santa Fe and the hotel. Abigail was beside herself with worry and concern. She was also elated to know they had been successful. Their journey, their mission, had been completed. Maybe not in the way they had planned, but to Abigail and her Adrian now gone, it was a joyous moment. The girl, Sarah was alive and reasonably happy. To have a child know they had not been left or forgotten was important. Even though the girl had not chosen to return with Ajax, she had made up her "own" mind. That meant she would be okay. Abigail could not be prouder if the girl was her own daughter. The Indians were different from what she had expected. There had been rumors and gossip always placing them in a bad light as hostile savages. The truth; this was their land, and the pilgrims, the miners..., the entrepreneurs and settlers were the invaders. There were just more of them... which meant they would ultimately win, by those same numbers alone, it was unsettling. Yet history repeated this cycle in the past more times than not. 

A real wedding was planned. Not a big one mind you... but a nice ceremony nonetheless. It was a general celebration too, of their accomplishing their goal. It was a nicer ceremony than the quick one they had in front of the judge before Ajax and the others had left last time. This round a lovely gown was purchased and the church was reserved for the day. As for the celebration that followed, Ajax made sure no one did without a cigar or a celebratory drink to the nuptials' future. The owner of the hotel they had stayed in for all these years was elated. He accommodated the man's desires with free drinks at his establishment and free cigars to all. Although it was not truly free, none of it; it was paid for by the Hawks'. He was just the happy middle man, handling all the fine details. So the manager simply added the cost to the bill, which was paid on schedule every time.  

Then...

The time came and the question could not be avoided. Who was to stay and who was to go back east? They were in Santa Fe almost ten full days before Ajax had completed his final plans. He wanted to go home, but he had to do so with some, sense of style. He had a wife now... and she was in the family way. Travel was not easy at times... and she carried important treasure to the whole family line. That made him smile. Every time he thought about it. Adrian's son would be his son. Sarah had shown him that an adopted family could be more dear to an individual than an entire line of blood kin. For being so young, she was extremely wise. In a few more years... she would be a serious force, in some fashion. Her long life, a benefit of the Hawks' and the Pact, would only serve to enhance her intellect and intelligence. She would have an opportunity, breaks..., and prospects the woman did not even know we're coming her way. That again made the Hawks' man smile.  

One part of him, the worrier thought of letting Abigail stay in Santa Fe with the others. He could hire them, and pay them... They would look after her if he asked them to. He trusted them, more than his own family. Well, that was not saying much or the best way to put that. Why? Because the Hawks' were generally bad people. No. Ajax trusted his team because he had come to know them, under good and bad times. They were real and loyal. They were now his kin. 

Parker was no man to be messed with. He was an excellent bodyguard and had proved well in that position more than once. When Ajax did return, he already figured he would offer the man a permanent position in his house. As for Doc and Blue Flower. They were a team and came together. The rich man found that he was poor without their company. They would need to come as well. So he did not have just himself to take back, but his whole entourage. 

As for leaving his sweet wife behind, he could not do it. Abigail had to go, for no other reason than Elizabeth did not. The outcome of that..., horrific. Ajax had not been there for her. He would not repeat the error. The very thought made him feel the same as leaving Elizabeth alone. She was supposed to be guarded by his father. At least to some degree, he was her guardian by default as Head of House Hawks'. So, now... after all that Ajax would take his wife home. Not to the big house on the giant hill, that was made to appear larger than life; the very mountain of Olympus transferred to America. No. They would go to his own home. Rosara. It was much smaller, but still a grand affair. 

It would be extremely hard to walk again... up the front step there and know that Elizabeth was gone, but it was the best choice. He would do whatever it took. Ajax would not let his emotions win. They had caused Elizabeth's death. How? Because he had been a coward and ran away. The man was not running any longer. He would make sure no harm of any kind came to Abigail. Ajax had grown in ways he had not thought possible.  

The rich man found a good solid wagon. It was smaller than the one they used to trade with the Indians but large enough to give them room. They would be comfortable, well as much as they could be on a hard road. He would have rather had a stagecoach and rush a driver for good horses... paying all the way if he could. But that would be hard on Abigail in a different way.  She would be bounced even more than by traveling the "Pilgrim Express". That is what she called their temporary new home.  

By the time they finally loaded, and headed north, and east... hopefully for the last time back up the trail to Independence. Abigail had ballooned right up. It was a good thing Doc was ever on hand. They were all close and came as one packed unit. Even Parker... had decided to continue service to the Hawks' house. After all, he never really left it, he simply changed bosses. 

The days were nicer. There were still storms, that was just what happened way out here. Ajax liked the prairie. He could see forever, or at least his soul thought as much. He did not want to home. That was unimportant. Want? That belongs in the vocabulary of spoiled children. Ajax had grown up a lot over every mile of the trail he now road upon. 

Once in Independence... They would rest awhile, as Abigail needed. Then they would continue. They moved as they liked, camped on a whim, and enjoyed the scenery. No one was in hurry. It was a good time. 

Doc and Ajax played chess at night by the fire. Blue Flower sang... songs from her people. They were beautiful. Ajax understood a few words but had not made the effort to learn more. It was an oversight he intended to change later. He had so many things he wanted to do now. Being around Abigail made him happy. He could not remember ever being happy. He loved Hannah sure enough, but they were young. Now that he remembered, and looked back he had not given their love a deep enough meaning, until now. It was sweet... like summer. It was clean and clear like a brook. Then there was Elizabeth. She was the flower in the meadow. He could see her face still if he tried hard. It was fading, not because he could not hold the memory, but he needed to let her go. So, that was okay. The effort was intentional... but held only love, and forced forgotten pain. Elizabeth had a good heart, she would forgive him. Abigail was his and she was more than any man could dream of. Even now she was round and still moved like a gazelle.

"AJAX!" I need to stop again. Abigail broke his train of thought. They had already stopped the wagon three times today. She was not a happy camper, but a very uncomfortable tourist instead. 

The rich man smiled. "She" made him rich, and that made him happy... He had found meaning beyond gold or silver, it was right in front of him, all the time.  

Parker smirked. Then reminded himself how much he enjoyed being a free man. Doc openly laughed as no one would ever bother him over it. Blue Flower just smiled. She knew a whole lot more English than she let on, but being quiet was peaceful.  

33) Home Again, Crowned, and Uncrowned...
Freedom is a point of view!

The snow held on in some places and was left clear in others, but the roads were all passable. That was true for the main arteries. It was still cold, but not freezing. Signs of spring were here and there, and colors touched the edges of everything. 

The trip had been long, hard, and felt "endless" the whole way. But it was not true. There was a goal and it was happening, right now. 

From Santa Fe to Independence was the trip of their lives. No one cared about time or pressures. It was all about getting Abigail safely, to Rosara. She was now extremely round, but joyful. Ajax was like a kid around her, but serious in all other ways. He had important matters still ahead but did not want her to be concerned. The others understood that as well and helped keep the new mommy to be focused. The fact they were going to a mansion in the woods, and not a far-flung wilderness home, made travel simple. They were heading into the civilized world, not away from it. So everything they needed or wanted, became steadily more available with each step in the right direction. 

Soon a telegraph was sent... 

"I am coming home." Ajax Hercules Hawks, Head of House Hawks.

Their small group finally came to the big city, Independence, and the changes were evident all around. They had been there months before, while still on their mission, but every day was like a week... or even a month had passed. New Businesses, new shops, new hotels... and many merchants selling all they could... to those making the trip west. The prices of supplies here were not so much better than in Santa Fe. There was little difference. The demand for "more" of everything was strong. The endless line of people, the ocean of souls seeking a new life, had no limit at all. 

Ajax found he wished he was one of them. Yet he was also, somewhat glad he was not. The man knew what waited ahead for him and his lot. At least there would be shelter and food. The same could not be said for half those other men, women, and children he watched... march by. Many would starve, and have no place from the rain, the wind, the cold or the wild animals, sickness...robbers, con artists... general thugs and lastly, if not the most dangerous..., the Indians. His little group had been through much. Maybe not all that the land could dish out, but enough. They had lost the big German. That was never going to stop being a sad part of their lives. But the birth of his son, or daughter, in a safe place... would be a strong credit toward his memory. 

The "West" had taken Eric Antaeus Hawks to his grave. It had not been a fast trip. Ajax was sure. But that too, somehow... felt, right. Not just because of Elizabeth's death, but Sarah had told him about the others. He may not have murdered the "People" as she called them... himself. But in truth, he had regardless. The rich man had hired bad men to start a war. It had worked for a while. But the victims became the hunters. Those he meant to subdue found him. They trapped him. Then they taught him the wages of his sin. It would not be a pretty end. Ajax did not have to see it personally to know. Looking into his nieces' eyes told him the answer to any questions, he might still have had. Ajax had none.  

The Hawks family ring "shown" on his right hand, a symbol of good turned to evil, my men who thought they would play god. It was a little large for his hand, but not his heart, or his soul. He would do better, or die in the effort.

On their way here "they", his small team... noticed a new fort being built. It was still in the early stages, but the location was near the halfway point. He thought that was a good idea. From speaking to his niece, Sarah, he knew that the Indians were far from happy. They were angry with the way things were going. Eric had not helped in that regard. Yet, he was after all only one man. There were so many more... doing like-kind crimes, without thought of retribution. Sensing that the Indians were easy to walk over... they did just that and often. 

It did not take a brilliant man to connect the dots. They were right there in plain sight. There would be a war. It was hard to say how it would end, but wars are never pretty. There would be many dead on both sides before the matter was settled. Again, just another reason, Ajax felt going back at the moment was best. He could claim his position and plan a new direction. Both were intricately locked together. The Hawks' man now wanted the crown and all that went with it. Not like one might expected for himself, but Ajax had a new lease on life instead. He wanted to help others, and perhaps repair the damages he knew about, in his own family's past. That would take a lot of time, but he would have it. That would take a lot of money, and he would have that as well. The Hawks' family not only had a strong new leader; Ajax Hawks... but a new lovely Mrs. Abigail Hawks, and an heir as well. That made the man smile, not for the last time... 

From Independence, they continued north and east. The roads were better... the towns closer together too. The weather however was an off-and-on gamble. Most days it was fine, but the clutches of winter hit them once or twice just the same. The difference was night and day compared to the wild land they had crossed for the last many years. They skirted by every main city they could.. Ajax had no desire to be among the masses. The next step was a small town, called Berg. The countryside was beautiful and just now coming into spring. Showers haunted the sky, but they did not drench travelers as before. They barely touched the land, only skirted the edges of the blue... 

Ajax stopped long enough to rest in Berg. He went to the post... and sent a message out to the main house. His house..., Rosara. He sent it to Davian, his Uncle. 

As follows:

"We are in Berg. We will be home by this evening. Be ready for our arrival." 

Again, then signed, Ajax... Head of House Hawks. 

Having ridden most all day, they rested at a hotel. It was not large but accommodating. Abigail was hungry, so Blue Flower and Doc made sure food was ordered right up. After a feast, a quiet couple of hours together maybe for the last time, they all made ready to leave again. 

The quiet evening was a pleasant ending to a long journey. One that had taken Ajax from a scared child, trying to figure things out... to a man, that knew where he stood. He was going to claim his birthright. No one was going to give it to him. Ajax was not afraid. No. He was angry... about his wives deaths. The man was also fuming about the brainwashing he had received his whole life. Ajax would have remained a drone, maneuvered by others, but he had woken up. Max Houston gave him God, the real God, and that changed his soul. He had been made aware that the Pact was not the only way. It was an evil... scientifically camouflaged, religiously rooted cult. They were not good men trying to find a better way for all humanity. No. They were smart men looking to promote their idea of what perfection had to be. Which always turned out to be "they" themselves in the mirror. How surprising? 

Finally looming in the distance, there it was... Rosara...! That was the name of Ajax's family stead. It meant "House of Roses". When his great, great grandfather built the place he had made sure it was surrounded by gardens. A thousand roses had been planted. They lined every flower bed and were wild in the forests now as well. That being a planned... letting go of the first roots and encouraging progress to its ultimate end. Once allowed freedom they had expanded exponentially. The soil in America was fertile indeed, and the hopes of all the true tomorrows closer to reality than ever before in all history. The mansion and the grounds around them were a gardener's paradise of colors. Even in the growing darkness the blooms and bushes framed the drive, all the way to the steps of the main doors. 

The big house had more than twenty windows just on this side. It was a two-story structure that was much deeper than it appeared to be at this angle. The group continued forward. Lights were in many of the windows. There was soft music coming from somewhere up ahead. It was a piano... engaging in nature, the dulcet, melodic sound angels would stop and listen to, if they had the time... between their important errands... here and there. 

Abigail started crying. There was no real reason for it. The moment was just very overwhelming. The new Mrs. Hawks... could not believe they had come so far, and there was finally an end to it. The woman was sitting inside the wagon. Blue Flower hugged her tight around the shoulders. "We are home." She stated. Doc had explained to his young wife..., where they were going all this time. It was a new place... to live... The Indian woman could see it, just up ahead from her vantage. "Don't worry." She whispered. 

The wagon came to a stop in front of the wide white steps. A man at the top waited and there was a younger woman as well. Once the animals quit moving they both proceeded right down the wide marble stair. They came to help and assist as they could. Ajax did not know either of them. Moments later Davian came into view. "It is about time!" He smiled from ear to ear. The music had ended, the player now presents and accounts for. "It is good to finally welcome you home." 

Instantly all the concern lifted at least for the moment. Ajax was elated that his Uncle was in a good mood. He was not sure what to expect. The undertow of that being, he was well aware... Davian could be made Head of House in his stead. Why? Because Davian was a living second son. He could be in line, once Heron met justice. yet, the challenge against Ajax would have to be given in front to an Elder. One would have to come from the old country. It would take time. The matter of Ajax's father would be handled now. The fire in the younger man's gut was growing... and soon would become way passed anything controllable at all. If Ajax did not get justice then he would take justice. He dared not say that to Abigail... but it was the truth. 

Abigail was brought from the wagon, tired, exhausted. Ajax... carried her the whole way. He went to the East Room. It was on the second level of the house. There were lovely walkouts there. It had a garden terrace too. The sun... the bright sun would touch this side of the house before the rest. He felt it would give her joy in the morning. He laid her in the big four-poster bed there... inside the heaven room. The ceiling was painted with fluffy white clouds, and birds flying high overhead. It would be the best place to wake. The man kissed her on the brow. She murmured something... but the message was lost. He took a moment more to watch her sleep. Then Ajax had found he had reached the end of his rope. A dark hand grabbed his heart... and slowly squeezed. He had to go, to the ancestral Hawks' House, and putting it off would not work. 

Ajax turned and left the room. On the way out, he passed Blue Flower. She smiled. He spoke, "You will stay with her?!" It was a question, a command, a request, a favor... a grovel... a beg. 

"Yes..." Blue Flower returned clearly. Then she smiled warmly to give him confidence. 

The man continued down the hall, back down the stair, and into the main room, the parlor. The others had assembled. Davian was sitting on the piano bench. Parker was leaning against the wall, next to the window facing the front of the house. Doc was quiet sitting in a chair nearby. They all could sleep for a month and never get up. Even after that, they would be tired still. The journey had been one of; so many levels, it left the mind reeling with information, new paths. At the moment... they, these men..., were waiting for instruction. Ajax was the boss. He was Head of House. 

Pollen walked in from the far side of the room. There was an entrance there that led back to the giant kitchen. He looked across the reasonably small expanse between them to Ajax before him. The Egyptian had been told the Hawks' man had just gotten in, but he had not seen him as yet. Pollen found he was stuck to the floor. It was as if someone had glued his feet down to the carpet. He looked at the young man across the short space as if he were a ghost? He could see so much the same and so much changed. The measure of both taken by a man that could discern a hair out of place in a crowd. The final verdict, the summation of the evidence at hand...; he was a judge. The verdict was that Ajax was an adult. He was grown. He was a man, and all that it implied. 

Ajax smiled with delight. The circumstances broke his solid wall of depression for an instance; if not longer. "Pollen, my man. You are well?!?"

The Egyptian wanted to throw up his arms and grab the boy. Yet he did not. Instead, he gave a reasonably good impression of an actual smile. It was not a normal appearance for the man, so if you did not know him well, you would never have noticed it at all. 

Ajax walked across the distance, threw all caution to the wind, and physically hugged Pollen. 

"It is good to see you." Then he released him. A lot was learned in that one touch. The Egyptian might truly be here, and alive, but he had become frail. He was so much less himself but yet appeared to be the same. It was a facade. Ajax would have called it a wasting sickness if he had a mind to think about it. His heart was sad, as obviously his secret had been well kept. Ajax would not now change that. Instead, he turned to the others. He needed to keep moving forward. He could work out the details of the other issues in his life later. 

The weight of his father's deeds returned tenfold onto the young man's shoulders. Ajax looked at the men in the room. The tone of things changed dramatically. It was no longer a homecoming at all. It was the gathering of... strength and prayer... coupled with action. "I am going to the big house now." His measured words were for all to hear. "I am going to speak with Heron. You don't have to come. None of you. You should stay here." He specifically glanced at the doctor.  

Parker already figured whatever Ajax was saying was to the others, not to him. There was no way he was missing the final show. William Parker had been from one end of the county to the other... and now was no time to get off the parade wagon. No. He started his assignment in the upstairs of that huge place... that mighty castle. It had been in front of Lila Hawks herself. She would not be totally happy with his outcome to her demands. Parker had brought Ajax home. After all, that was the most important issue all along? The Hawks had to continue their line. Besides, the lawman had come to like Ajax and was a real friend. Parker had few of those in his life and was not now ready to do without again ever. 

As for Davian, there was no way he was staying home. He had horses already being saddled in the barn. They would be brought around the front and waiting... His man would also arrange for a carriage, his nicest. This was an event and the gambler was pulling out all the stops. A good show sometimes gave the players an advantage. In this case... they needed all they could get. Besides, he was wearing his lucky jacket. It was the same one he had on the night he kissed Lila the first time. And, if truth be told... it was the same jacket he wore the second time as well. 

Davian was going to the big house finally. He had not done so before now. He wanted to, badly. But after this night here with Seren James, the officer made clear there was no point. Without a direct connection to Alexander and Eric being the co-murderers of Elizabeth or even with what he had on Hannah, there was not enough. So James had not arrested Heron. It had all fallen short. Davian could not go and claim his prize, Lila the beautiful. The second son had been this close again, yet cheated out of his winning hand. The years since had eaten at him. At least before when he was going from place to place, leaving his trail of "Lila look-alikes", he had time to be a tourist... to see the world. Here at Ajax's home, he simply dwelt on the real thing, only a few miles away. It had nearly driven him mad. 

As for Doc, he figured he was a witness. He was a solid one, and if there was some kind of court going to take place, he wanted his chance to speak. But it was not the kind of legal system the older man was used to at all. It was going to be a much different thing entirely.

Essentially no one was listening, to any objection, Ajax had as to their coming with him. Pollen figured he was going to go, as "he" was the most valid witness, to all things that were at the forefront of the problem. Most importantly he had directly heard Eric admit to killing Elizabeth. The Pact rules were clear, one brother against another had happened in the past. By showing up, not only alive... of course, but with a family in tow... Ajax Hawks had proved again to be the best man, a real Head of House. 

Ajax ended the buzz of questions and talk. "Doc. Stay here and watch over my wife." He cut through the din. "Pollen. You stay as well. Once we know how things are, at the mansion, we will need you then. You are safer here for now." The man's temperament was under control, but his desire to move forward was nearly out of hand.

Once again... Pollen tried to say a word. He was cut off. Instead, Ajax turned and left the room. He went out to the main hall, through the big double doors... and finally, outside. The sky was full of stars. The clouds had cleared... and the moon above was very full. The ground around the Hawks' home was beautiful in the glow. At the bottom of the steps, there were three horses and a carriage. Ajax did not slow his step. The hour was growing late... It was nearly 10:00 p.m. already. That did not matter. The message he had sent from Berg was a red flag. Ajax knew that the moment he sent it to Davian another would have gone to Heron. His father would know he would be coming for him. He would know... in advance! His mother would also have her stool pigeons. Nothing was personal in the land of the Hawks'.

Davian followed Ajax, and then Parker. Pollen looked over at the doctor. They wanted to follow. Both of them, but... 

Pollen finally spoke after the three men had left. "I am glad to have this chance." The Egyptian's words were a little slow. He had gone through a lot of therapy to be able to speak. It had been rough, but worth it. "Thank you." Then before the doctor could say anything else... Pollen walked out the same direction as the other three. He was just far enough behind, not to be directly noticed. 

Doc thought to follow. But instead heard Ajax's voice again in his head and his heart. "Take care of my wife." So he did not. Instead, he stayed where he was, and spoke a prayer under his breath.

34) The Story of Wolves and Sheep

Outside Pollen saw the carriage still waiting at the bottom of the giant stone step. Davian would have arranged for it, just because of him. The Egyptian was glad. The master of the house had not dismissed it when he left. Davian must have known he would have followed, even if demanded to stay.  It made things much easier than waiting around to have another prepared for him. There was even a driver ready. The older man took the steps slower than before. Why was he in such poor shape...? Pollen had lived a long and healthy life up until now. His return home had brought him healing, but it had also brought him; change too. At first, he had not wanted to admit it, but now he could not avoid the truth. 

Pollen got to the waiting carriage, then climbed right in. The driver did not have to be told to go. It was obvious. He even knew where to. 

The ride from Rosara to the Grand Moranin... was not too long. The name; a cry in the wild, to promote real civilization. The skeleton of the structure; is nearly all stone. What was not, hardwoods were used. The trappings and fluff, the flesh; that of those less important..., used as materials in ways not written here. 

The Egyptian mulled over his life's memories as the carriage continued down the lane. He was wondering how many wrongs he had been fed as rights. He wanted to throw them up like bad food in his stomach. The problem the contents just would not come. They swirled there among the giant bats... that hit the walls back and forth causing his gut to clench, and ache. Not only had he been fed the lies, but he had fed them to others as well. 

"All are held accountable for their life sins. Those that dole out lies, will be handled. They will be specifically judged according to the evils they conveyed to others. The fact at the base, the root of the beginning; the production of wrongs, caused by the children of chaos are all measured. A chain is then created and counted meticulously."

The cycle of Pollen's "own" life could have continued still if he had allowed the "cat"... back in his room. Pollen had not. He knew it for what it was... a monster. He had made a monumental choice in the end. His health had gone down ever since, but he found he no longer cared. 

House Moranin, the name given form, was a twisted derivative, coming from the more general word "moraine". That was a scientific term for rocks and debris carried down by a glacier... a formation of ridges and edges sharp and intense, packed as one. The image; the accumulation of hard stones gathered, in a half hazard but planned fashion. The combination; is an example of opposites attracting. The reference moraine was not a real platform of its structure, but the particles of many ranging in size from fist to bolder between sheets of solid ice at times. In some cases holding strong, while in others sliding one way or the other. In this case, the symbolic notion was that of land formations as a whole. The "moraines" formed in this situation... in this case where two glaciers... two houses... striking each other, Andrews' and Hawks'.  They were two very old families that come together to create a powerful new formation all its own. Whatever it had been in the old world, this was the reflection of all the House was now. 

The main drive was lined with trees. They swayed gently back and forth and the group rode on. Up ahead, many windows were well lit with light from within. Ajax thought there must be a thousand people there surely. Yet as they drew closer, there were no horses. There were no extra carriages in the drive or servants coming and going either. It was late. The hour was close to midnight. The glow from Moranin's brightness and that of the moon above felt all wrong. The atmosphere was like a party, with no one at all present, except perhaps the planners themselves? Well, and three more. 

Ajax rode his horse right up to the steps. He dismounted. He waited a moment or two, looking up at the giant face of the front entrance. More than just double doors for grand effect, there were walkouts on both sides. His great, great, grandfather loved nature and tried to incorporate all that he could into forms that added, not took away from their surroundings. Giant vines covered everything that had been there almost as long as America had been a country. They grasp the house like a giant spider... An artist had carved fancy figures into the wood. Fine metals had been used to enhance the findings on everything. Nothing about this house was plain. 

The Moranin was a three-story home, with a right and left-wing. A giant stair was the center focus... and more parlors, side rooms, music rooms, and other places to be... than Ajax cared to remember. He had not been allowed all over, in every room. In some ways that was a good thing he realized now. He had lived a very structured life. But if the rest was anything like the Rosara... it was that house... times five or even six again. Then as he was well aware; the place went on even below the ground. There were chambers, science rooms, experimental labs, holding areas... or honestly... more correctly stated "cells". Were there people in those cells? Ajax had no idea. He only knew they were there. He had gone down the dark steps on a dare between him and Eric, as a child. When he came back he had never told his brother what he had found. It had just changed him inside. He had kept quiet because he did not understand at first. Then later, because it might cost him his own life. Evil was there below the stair. Ajax meant to change all that too. 

Davian was right on Ajax's heels. He rode up a couple of moments later. He got off his horse and let the reigns just drop away. He watched Ajax and then followed right behind him as the man went up the steps. 

Parker was the end man. He was always the final man; as he liked to make sure he knew what was in front. He did not like to depend on anyone, however, as to what was behind. That made him last by default. Besides it always gave him time to act rather than react. Which often made the difference between life or death... his or others he might want to save. 

The younger Hawks walked straight across the large open area. He only diverted slightly to go around the giant fountain in his way. It was a foyer and an atrium-greeting area in one. They all passed through. 

Ajax barely slowed, he was on a mission. Davian too did the same. William Parker, however... took at least one moment to appreciate the grandness of the place. 

There was a water sculpture that commanded the center of the water feature. It had been created from solid bronze. The form... was that of two hawks in flight...both on their sides parallel to the ground... wing tip to wing tip... the male on top, the female below. The colorful glass and rocks along the base were rare pieces of stones, semi gems, and small fossils from all over the world. The base was on a solid piece of ebony... in a dish-like form. It was a black ocean with treasure all around. The water gave it an uncanny life. The whole incredible, combination statuette and monument was breathtaking and would have suited well for a museum. 

Ajax went around the statue. He went on further back to another set of double doors beneath the giant "U" shaped stair. The right side opened before he got to them and a servant walked out. It was a man Ajax did not know. He was just a servant, but he was dressed well and spoke to Ajax immediately. "Mr. Hawks is in the library, Sir." That was nice to hear. That meant the house... house "Hawks'" was on his side. Call it a feeling but it was very tangible. The man stepped aside and let Ajax pass within.  

Lila had been waiting at the top of the giant stair... on the right side. She saw her son enter her home. He came through like he was a king..., like he was a returning champion, a gladiator now ready to claim his prize. Things were going to happen fast now. She had waited hours. It was almost midnight. A moment later she thought to go down, but then; Davian Atomous Hawks entered the main doors too. He came right into her home. He was regal... and incredibly handsome as always. He had not aged a day, or he did not appear to have. 

Of course, Davian would come too? Why had she not thought that through? Lila had word that he had taken up residence at Rosara. What was that to her? Nothing unless he came to claim the throne. Yet she wrote... poems in her journals about the man, that would never be read! But reality, was right here, now, in her own home. 

Lila had let her emotions cloud her thoughts. She stepped again forward a pace and a third man entered below. It was that lawman... William Parker. He never did send her word. He was useless. She wanted more and got less. When she had a moment she would give him a piece of her mind... and he would not like her words. That left her with a funny grin. She liked to dress down the help.

Ajax went through to the library and the other two men followed. They all quickly disappeared out of her sight. She had to go down now, or she would not know what happened next. Well, at least by way of first-hand knowledge. She always had pigeons everywhere that kept track of things as they could. At least she "felt" well informed. Lila walked slowly down the stairs... staying ever close to the rail. With one hand she lifted the edge of her skirt slightly. It was lovely silk, with embroidery at the hem. As always Lila... looked like a queen. 

She did not want to announce herself quite yet, so she moved with stealth. Once at the bottom she headed to the library like the other three. Just inside the door... she stood and waited. 

Inside the room, the atmosphere had grown quite hostile.     

Heron was behind the big desk, he had a gun in his hand. Ajax just stared him down. "Are you going to shoot me, father?" The laugh that followed was very near hysterical, but not quite. There was a layer of control. Deadly, and specific, in nature... Ajax held his gaze steady on the older man. 

"I would be within my rights. You came to kill me. Don't try to deny it. You have no proof of anything, but you intend to carry out justice. In this country, that would make you a murderer." Heron made a hissing snake sound. It was unnatural. 

"There is more than one court in the land. But all lower than that of God's. I tell you now, I would risk hell to send you there myself." Ajax's voice was solid and full of strength. He meant every word. Abigail would be safe... he had thought it through. She and her child would be well taken care of. She would be the next sovereign in the line. No one here could stop that. Davian had already made it known on more than one occasion he wanted Lila... so chances were high, the seat of power was between only Heron and Ajax. The younger man had to assure that his father died... It was the only way Ajax would be released from the torment he felt. That was from the guilt of the death of both his previous wives. Ajax had been weak. He would never repeat that. So Ajax would kill Heron, even if he died too. 

Heron held out his gun. His hand shook ever so slightly. The man had never taken anyone's life so directly. But that did not mean he would not. He had every intention. Any moment... like an urge you say to yourself inside, "go"! And then you do a thing. It just happens. 

From the far side of the room the adjoining door opened. Pollen walked through quietly. He had been a part of the Hawks' house so long that it just seemed natural. No one ever noticed him. No one ever questioned his presence. He had arrived... at Moranin. The Egyptian instructed the driver. He had stopped the carriage on the far side near the kitchens. The man had gotten out and moved with stealth through the back servants entrance. He went through the house as he had a thousand before, sure of every step. Now he was there, with them.  

Davian entered the room next as the two men were already speaking. He was just behind Ajax by a dozen steps. He moved quickly to a position allowing him equal access to both Heron, and his nephew. The second son wanted to make sure that he was witness to everything that was about to happen. If Davian had to, he came prepared. He had his own; gun up... his sleeve. He had not used it often, but he had done so once or twice. To his knowledge, he never killed anyone, but he had maimed a few. Gambling was a dangerous profession even if a person was good at it. There were always fine, happy winners, but there were also extremely soar losers.    

Bill Parker, friend... and watchful gatekeeper... slipped into the room and immediately stepped off to the side. 

Lila followed a few steps behind Bill. 

The Queen of the house moved into  position. She could see both Heron and Davian's face from across the room. Ajax was facing his father... or rather fathers. 

Emotions threatened her calm but she pushed them away. They were useless. The truth that could not, would not be denied; Lila was extremely offended. Davian had not tried to rescue her from her life. He was her knight. He was supposed to go and make a huge fortune, come back and take his brother out. It was not supposed to be their son as Head. She had always meant to tell Davian the truth. That would have changed things. But she had not. Some part of her still held him responsible. Davian should never have left the first time. Or, he should have come back and swept her off her feet. Then he would have known... Ajax was his child. 

Their interlude before her nuptial to Heron had been as sweet, as it had been forbidden. Yes, she had forced him out in the end. Lila had made it crystal clear she wanted the prestige and title of the Hawks' legacy. But later they had met again. In New York by accident, or so it seemed. That time had brought Victoria to fruition. Perhaps the second chance he had a that time...  cemented her belief he was not a good Head of House. So she returned and kept her allegiance to Heron. Upon receiving the news of Davian at Rosara... she had dared to consider he had a chance of heart. He had sensed weakness and was willing to do anything to claim the title. 

In reality Davian must know of Ajax's conception, as he was not a stupid man. He calculated everything nearly as well as she. Yet, the second son said nothing, and did nothing. Davian never came to the house in all these years until now. So she let Heron believe Ajax was first. It was best that way. After all, she had Moranin and was the Queen... of basically everything. What more could any young woman want in life?  As for their daughter, Victoria, it mattered little who was the father. Women were rarely counted in the final tabulations with the same weight. That was one fact, Lila always hated to swallow, and would change if she could. Not because she wanted a better life for other females to be born, no! Lila wanted to have more power. It was a drug and she enjoyed it as often as possible.  

Once inside the huge library, the "family" realized it was a real gathering, a reunion. Everyone was present except Eric. He was dead. That is why Ajax had come home. He was ready to claim his seat at the table. More than that, he was ready to take pieces from his father's hide. Yes, he was a Christian, but there were times things had to happen. The "little" man before him, impersonating an emperor had made life and death decisions about Hannah. He had let his brother lose upon Elizabeth. Heron knew what would happen. He knew! 

Ajax's fists clenched and unclenched reflexively. The Hawks ring shining there on his hand. He did not notice, he did not care. He simply envisioned his hands around Heron's neck and how it was going to feel, as he watched the life there, in the small place, the dark...  drain away. Ajax would gladly go to hell for Hannah or Elizabeth equally. He had since the first woman died, and the second had taken all the rest. Abigail had been the only bright light in the bleak oasis of his life ever since. Before that... he felt he had lived there. In the hole...of empty echoes, the chamber of hate was his address. If it were not for Abigail, maybe he never would have come back. But now, here in this room, all the man could think of is how Elizabeth, sweet soft, gentle Elizabeth felt... Alone, terrified, and left... behind. He could not even add Hannah sufficiently to his brokenness. The pain was all-consuming.

Davian watched the Hawks man struggle. 

A gun appeared in Ajax's right hand. It had not been there before and no one saw how it got there. Ajax's eyes had narrowed and the man had concluded his court. He had found Heron more than wanting, and was ready to carry out the sentence for murder, and conspiracy to commit murder. 

Lila saw what was happening and let out a scream. Everything was in slow motion... the sound of her voice a deafening cry. From her placement in the room, she could see what was happening... all of it. The problem, what would it mean? If her husband was dead, what would happen... to her? Everything was all about power and she did not want to lose even a little of it. 

The bell rang loudly. It overshadowed Lila completely. It was a mighty signal, hanging on ropes below the first level. It hit only once. The sound, was similar to the breaking and fracturing of giant ice cliffs against other... or  like a huge ship with a ram. 

At, that same moment; Davian considered shooting his brother to save Ajax? His nephew had talked about sin all the time. Ajax was the perfect one. If anyone was to have blood on his hands it should be Davian. He hated Heron because he ruined his life. Just because he was the second son, he had been overlooked and made less. Their rivalry was much the same as any power struggle between two brothers could be. No, he no longer wanted the power. He really never did. He wanted the freedom to do as he wanted. In retrospect, he got just that. The only lacking was Lila. If she wanted him... she would have come with him. She had been given the opportunity, not once but twice. She had made her decisions clear.  

Pollen tapped Heron on the shoulder unexpectedly and he spun around in response. The Egyptian just appeared it seemed. His causal approach, his stealth was that of a trained... skilled professional. He had gone unnoticed until this moment. The older Hawks' man was far more trigger-happy than he thought as the gun fired at the same time. Pollen was hit full in the chest. 

William Parker responded. Quick as lightening. He fired his gun, three times. "Bang! Bang! Bang!". The first caught Heron in the shoulder and spun him back to face the others. The second and third went straight to his hollow heart. Heron looked shocked, surprised and then stunned. Empty eyes grew colder still, he stared around the room for seven beats then fell to the floor. Pollen was already there, holding his chest. His blood still flowing freely. 

How had Bill responded so fast? Why had he been the one? Because... it was his job. Parker had spent years being a cowboy and enjoying the life of the everyday puncher. Yet, now he was home again, and it was time to return to his calling. He was a Securer. He was a policeman for the elite, those that bought and sold justice from afar. He had been paid well to bring Ajax home. It had taken far longer than he had originally planned, but he had been successful. The man was not about to let anything happen to him now. In killing Heron, he had gone beyond his calling. It felt good. He would have done it again. William Parker liked Ajax and had come to care less about the rest of "Them". The bosses he once worked for had lost their trained killer. He had become an angel of death, but for the right side. He was Ajax's man now, all the way. 

Ajax looked more than shocked. He leaped to Pollen's side as he lay on the floor. "Old friend. What were you thinking?" The boyhood voice won out. He could not help but feel the wet upon his face. "It was not to be on your shoulders. It was to be on mine." He reached for the man's hand as it lay across his chest. There he rested his own lightly. 

Pollen chocked out, "I wanted to stop Heron. I did not want you to have killed anyone, especially your father. It would have damaged you. I am old, and I accept that." The Egyptian spit blood, just a little... it trickled down his chin. His insides were a mess. "No one should cheat life and live forever. It is not the way of things. There is always a price, and I no longer wish others to pay on my behalf." Pollen tried to smile, his eyes dimming. 

"I don't understand. Cheat life? I can only tell you that with the Lord, God... and only him..., with him... there is eternity. Jesus is the King!"

Pollen tried to focus on Ajax. In a weak voice he returned, "Is their room in the kingdom for the dirt of ages...?" referring to himself as lower than dust...

"Jesus died for all men. There is room, repent and believe." The boy replied.

Pollen made a small noise, indistinguishable, and then died. 

How had he turned up here? He was left behind at Rosara. The man was always turning up mystically, in the right place at the right time in Ajax's entire life. Now was no different at all. Yet, he was gone. This would be the last time. 

Ajax looked over at Heron... he was bleeding out. No one had gone to his side. No one at all. If he had last words... no one cared to hear them. Lila watched on, still as stone from across the room. She was wondering how she could spin events in her favor? She realized that Davian was right there. The love, of her youthful yesterday was in front of her now. If he took first position then she was assured the world. She would have all the power and love too. The passion and importance of her station would simply be amplified. 

The new Head of House stood up. He bent down again and lifted Pollen into his arms. The Egyptian felt like nothing, light as a feather. Ajax then turned and walked toward the exit. Ajax nodded first at Davian and then at Parker. He ignored Lila altogether. Once outside the doorway, he went back into the main hall and across to the west; side wing. There, was a nice empty parlor on that side. Ajax went to one of the priceless fine settees and put the dead man down. He was gentle even though the body could feel nothing. Loyalty, honor, and even love had weight. That trait or traits was sometimes far heavier to carry than simple mass. The Egyptian had been a mentor, a teacher, and even a substitute father at times. Ajax was going to show him the kind of respect he felt the man truly deserved. 

Parker had not bothered to check Heron. He knew he was dead. He listened for a bit... after Ajax had passed by. Just to make sure, you know. In case. But no matter. He would do it all again. He should have just done it, to begin with. If Bill knew then what he knew now about the whole family, their past, and the Pact... he might have chosen a different direction. But time had allowed him to correct his previous oversights. He intended to keep doing just that too. He was Ajax's man. He was going to remain that as long as he drew breath. He felt he had a purpose for once. Something he never knew was missing before now. 

Parker turned and left. He followed Ajax into the far parlor. 

Davian took it all in. He watched his brother take his last breath, and he mirrored it. He wanted to feel the moment closely. He had earned that right. All, Davian's life he had lived in the shadow of "what if". Now he was free. He turned and saw..., Lila. His eyes lit up. She was right there in front of him. He could just reach out and touch her. He could take her close, lien in and kiss her gently... softly. But no. Her face said NO! It was not sweet as he recalled, it was cold like the empty rooms he had spent too much time within. 

"You will be the new Head of House. I will send word to the elders as to what has happened here." She spoke. Her words were not right. They were not "I love you. I missed you. I can not live without you another second. No." 

So his reply came easier than he expected. "No."

The man might as well have poured lamp oil all over her and lit her with a match. She was instantly aflame. Her face turned bright red, her cheeks were so large he thought they might pop. He noticed then that her hair was messed up, and she had smudged lips, with colors traced wrong. Lila had bit her lip causing a mistake in the arrangement of the decor. The green eyes that once captured his soul... were filled with snakes venom, and the charm was all gone. 

To win the moment she revealed the truth. "You can be Head of House and Ajax can be after you. He is your son. He has always been your son." Lila took a long breath. "You know I speak the truth."

Davian felt like he had just drawn the worst hand in his whole life as a player. He had all the cards, handed to him... well marked, and used. That is also what would happen to him if he called her bluff. It did not matter suddenly if that were true or not. Some part of the man already knew it. Maybe that is why he was so readily willing to help the boy. An inner premonition of the truth revealed now to be a fact. 

For the first time, Davian Atomous Hawks saw Lila Antoinette Andrews. She was a gold digger. Not just any... a superior, strategically-minded individual that cared little about anything or anyone else but herself. How could he ever have loved her? How could he have spent the last ... years of his life... pining away for an empty shell of a heart. 

"It would matter little if you spoke the truth or not. Ajax, Heron's son, or my son... is now Head of House. He can do as he likes in any way he feels he needs to. I will support him as his Uncle. I will support him in all ways a family should support another." Then he passed her by and headed out the door. 

Lila stood there a moment. She glanced back at Heron on the floor. She looked again at Davian's retreating form. What should she do? What would be her place now? She was Queen! She hesitated a moment longer... walked to her dead husband and promptly kicked his body. "You were always the weaker man." Then she turned and went back out into the main foyer. 

Ajax was already coming from the other direction. He had given instructions to the housekeeper and several servants as to the body of his friend. Then he had left the man there on the soft couch. He had spoken the words aloud, "Goodbye, my friend, my father." Then left. They, the moving workers of the house would do all that was necessary. The Egyptian's final wishes were to be placed in the garden. That would happen, there would be a celebration of his life, and passing, in the days ahead. 

First, Ajax had to get back to Rosara. He needed to go home. He hated this place. It was well after midnight and he would not let the sunrise, with his absence still in question for his wife. Lila was at the front door waiting. He had little to say, but she was not going to let him pass, without a word. 

"Are you leaving?" She spoke low. It was hard to tell if she was happy or sad. Her tone was deadly even. 

"Yes, mother." The man replied. He stopped a few paces from the exit. She was right in front of him now. 

Parker had come up behind Ajax. He too was waiting now to get by. He never liked Mrs. Hawks the first time he met her and liked her less now. His knowledge of the power struggle around here was mind-boggling. They all had a bit of an insane look to the edges of their eyes... like wild animals... that had not eaten in a while. It made them extra dangerous. 

Davian was also standing near. He was waiting to hear the final word from his nephew as to how things were going to play out. 

"What is it that you want old woman?" Ajax quipped. 

She did not like his tone, nor his use of the word "old". Yes, she was not young. Yet, she was a Hawks' and they were by nature very long-lived. That meant she was just reaching a good point as far as she cared to tell. 

"Are you kicking me out?" It felt like he hit her. He had not. It was just saying the question to be said out loud. It felt so degrading to her, she was glad no "help" was near to hear the remarks. 

"No. You can have the place." The Hawks' man replied. "You and father, keep it." He pushed past the woman. Parker followed. Davian did as well, he did not even slow his pace. Their horses were still outside. They mounted and headed home. 

Lila watched from the doorway, her soft gown flowing lightly in the breeze that was filling the trees. She wanted to cry but had no tears at all. For a moment, only one, she wondered if it were wrong that she could not shed tears, but it passed. She was still safe, powerful, and well-taken care of. Others would still do as she commanded. Life was not so bad after all, was it? 

The woman closed the door. 

35) The Birth of a Son, the Delight of a Daughter

Ajax went back to Rosara and was there, hours before dawn. Many of the lights were still shining brightly. The house was waiting for the master. He did not go to bed. No. He did not want to wake his very tired wife. He knew how exhausted she was. Abigail never complained. It was just another thing, he loved about her. 

Abigail, 
Sweet Abigail,
The world is full of newness,  when you smile.
I can breathe again, knowing you are near, and you are mine.

Instead, he went inside Rosara..., to his library. It was his favorite place in the giant mansion. The walls were lined with volumes of books from floor to ceiling... stories gathered from all over the world. As a kid, he had read, and read, all that he could. It was his only escape. Now he could do anything he liked. He could even go to all the places he once read about, and even take his wife and family with him. Or he could stay here and enjoy life as it was now. Either way, he never dreamed he could truly be happy. Abigail had made that possible. 

As he walked into the warm, well-lit room he noticed the fire had been tended. Those that served him when he was here last... knew his routine. The chessboard had been set up to play. That made him smile. Doc was making himself right to, home. That was a good thing. He was sure Blue Flower would fit right too. She was a sweet girl. Doc still refused her as his wife and treated her as a daughter. He had a mind to find her a real husband; "soon as the right man showed his face" he would say. When he said it, which was more often of late... Doc always made sure Parker was in the room... or at least within earshot outside. 

In regards to Pollen, he felt an empty place in his heart. The man had been more important to him than he had ever realized. Ajax would give much to have heard what his final words had been. But they were lost now. He prayed he would see the Egyptian... in heaven. 

Then there was Uncle Davian. The man had followed Ajax closely. Once inside Rosara, he went to the library too. The second son needed to tell his son... that he was proud of him. No. Davian was not going to convey the truth. He would keep that close to the vest at this time. There was no real proof, except the timing was perfect. There was that..., and just looking at Ajax. He was so like Davian, but if you had never seen the two together you would not know that. Now... it was hard to miss. 

Davian had to straighten a few loose ends out. They needed to square things up, sort of..., and then he was done. 

Ajax went to the big chair and threw himself into the seat. 

Outside; Parker had ridden in quiet with the Hawks man back. Once there he took his horse, Ajax's and Davian's to the big barn. He knew they had to be cared for, and that was his job. At the moment, no one else was about. He would come in afterward, find a nice room somewhere in the upstairs... as far from the others as he could get, and sack out. Parker was home, just as much as they were. Ajax had offered Bill a permanent position as security and bodyguard. He had accepted. That felt good. No one had confronted him at all on his decision to kill Heron. They acted as if he had simply settled a bad dispute, of typical proportions between family members. It was not even close to the level it actually, was... However, it was okay. No charges would be pressed. Later, Ajax would report that Heron murdered Pollen. In response, Parker took action to make sure others did not come to harm. He was a hero! Ajax would make sure it was well known, as he appreciated his friend. It would have been hard to pull the trigger against his father, but he knew he would have. That was enough. 

Davian thought about pouring himself a drink, but he was not thirsty. He was... walking on air. His son was Head of House Hawks'... Okay... well, maybe his nephew. Davian didn't care. It came to him as he watched Heron bleed out that his own life had bled out too. He was jealous of Ajax. He saw peace in the younger man's eyes and wanted that for himself. 

"I want to ask you a question?" Davian sounded tired, even if he pushed it away. 

"Yes..."

"Yes, I can ask? or?" The older man spoke low. 

"Yes... the girl at the hotel is still there. I told you in my letter months ago, she is waiting for you to return. Why you ever left her, I do not know." Ajax smiled. 

"I will be leaving tomorrow." He returned. "I am sorry I can not wait around for your child's birth. I know he or she will be happy, and healthy. Good parents will make all the difference in the world." He stretched and yawned. "I have to get some sleep... Independence is a distance away for sure. I hope they have put in a few stagecoaches and maybe trains in since last I went west."

"Yes... They have Uncle. You will be there sooner than you might imagine." Ajax grinned. It was good to know his Uncle. He had helped him. It was all  nice that he might discover a bit of happiness after all, for himself.  

"You will be okay?!." Davian replied. It was a question and a statement together. He was not much of a father... but he was the best Uncle he could be. Emotions never sat comfortably upon his heart, and the new rush of emotions was bewildering. 

"Yes, I will." Ajax confirmed. 

Then the two man were silent a while. Davian was thinking of the pretty woman he would soon marry. It was not too late. Ajax had told him so. 

Davian wondered if he would come across his niece at some point? It left him chilled. If she were anything like her mother she would be cold indeed. It might not be a favorable family gathering. Then again, Ajax had also said Sarah was highly intelligent and even compassionate in her own, way. 
Perhaps they would be true kin, and help each other as he had done Ajax. 

Upstairs; Parker had found a room to call his own. Doc was in his, Blue Flower was watching over Abigail. Rest had finally come to their team, their family. Parker closed one eye as he hit the big bed in the middle of the room. He would never close two, but one was enough at a time. 

The next morning everyone gathered for breakfast. The business at the big house came up of course and was discussed in a second person manner. "Yes... they had gone in the night. Yes, there had been some bad things that happened. No, no one was hurt that mattered." The answers were enough to stop further inquiry. Abigail was happy and life went on. 

Davian stayed long enough to see Pollen placed beneath the ground. He had not intended to. Yet, he guessed he owed the Egyptian that much for all his hard lessons. Some were not the nicest but they had helped mold him. That knowledge grilled into him... had kept Davian alive in tight places... out where there had been no net to catch him from a fall. Later, on the way out, he stopped at Berg. He met with Seren James... there. They had agreed to journey together west. It was a good thing for both of them. For James, it meant a job. He had spent too long focused on Heron and wanted to be free. He was not unhappy to hear about his death at all. Talking to Davian... had been enlightening and left him with a sense of wonder. So going west, a partnership was the only answer. 

A month later Parker married Blue Flower. William tried to escape, as he felt he was stealing another man's wife... but at Doc's urgency, he surrendered. It was true there was clear twenty years between Doc and the girl. So he was glad to step up, with a smile. He always thought she was beautiful and knew she was smart. He watched the way she moved with grace. At night... he even dreamed of her face... but thought that was too "sappy" to say. So he told no one. 

As for the Hawks', Head of House... Ajax Hercules Hawks was a good leader. He used the power of his position to help numerous immigrants find work, funded and supported teachers that he sent west to educate... the poor and savage alike equally. He also funded many missionary projects. This last action was not always acceptable to the elders in the background, but they had lost favor in the cycle of the power struggle. Ajax had contacted other big houses and made his views known. It turned out he was not alone. The outcome, the next generation of elites was far from perfect. They were men and women acceptant of their flaws and taking notice of their own, inbreeding. 

Abigail did not have one child. She had two. Adrian was her firstborn and would be the new Head of House one day. His father Ajax would make sure he was ready. The boy would not be a brainwashing experiment by evil men in the dark but an honorable man, raised in the house of God. Their second child was an unexpected gift. She was an angel born with crystal blue eyes. They were like the very sky had been captured in her facade. 

Life at the Hawks' was everything but simple. It was however full of joy.  


Glossary
General Information, Names Places, and Events
Diary Exerts and Quotes by Important Characters

"A Man In A Red Hat" Dispenses experimental drugs, carries out untried...
research as directed by the Head of House. 

Abigail Shultz
Wife of Adrian Shultz
3rd wife of Ajax Hawks'
"Coffee?" She smiled. The woman was really pretty in a plain way. She had brown hair and brown eyes. It was her sweet face that made a man want to say yes... to anything she asked... even twice if she needed it or not.
She could cook, clean, like any pioneer woman. 
She could handle the wagon and the livestock nearly as well as any hired individual.

Among the "People" that came to know him...
they named him Angeni. It meant Spirit Angel.
Notes in the margins of Abigail's Diary

Gave up a good career to marry Shultz.
She can sing, dance and play the piano well. 

Adrian Shultz
The German that became the wagon master after Mike Frost 
left with Ajax Hawks'.
The man was a lion among sheep.
Wife; Margaret Shultz 
Bear, the nickname is wife calls him. 

Alexander Heron Hawks mother; Rosella Imira Hawks
She is still alive in the Old Country. 
Extremely old... no age is given. 
Alexander Heron Hawks father; Maximilian Rowel Hawks

Ajax Hercules Hawks
The first son born to Mr. and Mrs. Hawks.
The next Head of House in the Hawks' line. 
Ajax was a little underweight but extremely wiry. He was very good when it came to "personal" balance, and could even do a few acrobatic-type tricks.
Blue eyes.
Cat like in movements... tight muscles with extreme flexibility and strength at need.
Also has semi-cat like features stream lined like a statue in a garden.

A woman child was an asset...
Not like a man but like a "reserve of potential future stalk".
Without any chattels, requests turn into demands and life itself... becomes deadly...
---
My wife..., My life...!
Empty lines unwritten hopes.
I wish you were here, missing me.
Instead, I am and you are not.
Heavens close to the water and far from the sea.
The Lord is in my heart, and that is the way it must be.
 Every day "He" helps me get through to the next.
I will not stagger or fall.
I will never crawl.
You would be angry if I let that happen.
"He" has told me so.
So instead I move and go.
 Empty souls to be taken down from their mighty pedestal.
To be penned upon and the shared fate with others that call me brother.
Justice to be given to those  that call me friend.
 I miss you, but I will see you, again!
Beth, sweet flower... not of the hour, 
but... of the whole of my life,... eternity!
 The personal journal of Ajax Hercules Hawks
---
 A trail of blood... a long deep rut, a gouge in the earth...
 made through the very center of the wilderness.
The way west, littered with the bodies of both criminals and the innocent alike. 
Predators no longer tolerant of the prey.
---
The next morning arrived.
Some thought it too early, others too late.
The truth was nothing had changed in God's timing.
---
The night was filled with dark music... bullets singing through the air... like biting birds. The light of the stars seemed to be a bit brighter, and the moon's face a bit larger... all spectators, watching from the sky. 
---
Was his father also in... on... Hannah's death?
Did his father directly kill Hannah, or have her killed...? It was equally the same thing.
---
Elders...
Dealing out, final sentences, calculated retribution, and guided enlightenment...
not always in equal measure.
---
Abigail, 
Sweet Abigail,
The world is full of newness,  when you smile.
I can breathe again, knowing you are near, and you are mine.

Archives
This is an information library kept in a Vault by the Elders. 
Elders; a group of families holding "higher" positions than others in the chain. 
Dark Men watch over the vault. 

Alexander Heron Hawks
Alexander was a big man. His height was just over six feet, and he weighed nearly three hundred and fifty pounds. He ate too much and indulged a lot in all the wrong things. He came from an old family line, with a solid name. He was the epitome of a silver spoon kid. Their lineage had not only wealth to offer, but good breeding. Many were talented, in music..., math, and the sciences. They were not royals, but they had never wanted to be. They could have joined their name to the mainstream, and gained titles anytime... but they chose to stay hidden. Their power was quiet but no less lethal. 

"Family ties were always useful if twisted just the right direction."
---
Raise the bar, or raze the bar!
Hawks family words...
---

Badger
A brave in the group with the chief
that searches for Aponi. 

Bartholomew Morrison
Gambler and mentor to Davian Hawks

Berg
A little town near the Hawks' properties. 

"Biscuits from Heaven"
A nice eatery in Independence Missouri

Bora
The Elder back in Britain 
Manus works for this man. 

Brown Bear
The leader, Chief of the Indians.
Aponi's claimed family.
 
Brown Bear ... The Chief
 
A man, chosen among many,
to do the right thing, in the face of evil.
Hero of only one... or many,
measured by the strength of an honest heart. 
Looked up to and sacrificed for...
by men, true men that carry sharp knives, 
fierce arrows and axes made of stone.
They all go willingly, if unwilling... to war.

Fear is not among those that sit
 in the house of logs and skin.
"It" is too afraid to go there,
as "It" knows... "It" will be defeated,
by eagles and wolves!

Bull
Warrior of the tribe. 

Carole Campbell
A young man serving as guard on duty at the wagon train. 
Very tough for only 15. A dead shot, marksman.
Sharp for his age, and trust worthy. 

Charlie Meyers
A kid in Sarah's school that pulled her braids. 
She stood up to him, and he backed down. 
Important events in small proportions. 

Chilly
A miner, mountaineer and adventurer.
Spelled correctly as Chile Mason.  
Aponi calls Chilly, Adventure Man.

Dark Men
Men that came and disposed of unwanted children to the families. 

Davian Atomous Hawks
Davian is the brother of Alexander Heron Hawks
He is the second son born and therefore passed over as Head of House
Father of two of the three Hawks' children by Lila Andrews Hawks
Gambler extraordinaire. 
Excellent counting skills. 

Owing to much to anyone for any reason, was not a good way to live.
That was especially true in matters concerning kin.
---
New York, New York
A convention of books, and new artists from around the world!
A gathering of the "literate", promoting "higher" learning...
Davian knew Lila would attend. So he had done so as well on a gamble.
The man was an excellent predictor of human intent,
or so he thought he was... until he was not!
Lila had used him once more and left him without strings...
to pull, or to hang on to!
Her closeness magic; a trap...
---
The Domino Rule; to make someone happy,
you have to do anything necessary for the other.
 There is no depth to that debt.
The structure of an enabler, and the mind of the lesser alert.
---
Alexander the great,
Alexander's namesake was a reflection of a mighty hero,
but it is not the same, as self-proclaimed... fame...
 just because you want it to be.
Heron is a mighty bird.
Tall and slender, with wide wings.
Known for its patience and solitude of existence.
Always waiting, and making the right move.
Hunted by falcons,
and a peculiar name for a Hawks'
unless one understands the absurdity of the human condition,
and their desire to be... more than they are.
 Hawks, the family Hawks'...
generations of planned births, and deaths. 
At least those that were important enough, to be counted!
---
At first the gambler thought to raise a fuss. No. That was not his way. Patience had served him his whole life and now was not the time to change that. Davian's pride did not stay in the way. Instead, he swallowed hard and found he cared more about what happened to the sick man than he did of his own life. 

Disha
The houseman at Rosara. 
Disha was not a big man, nor was he a small one. He was from Japan. He was well skilled in martial arts and spoke six languages. He was currently studying to become an archeologist. Well, that had been his focus before, not now. The man was in his mid-thirties, a rather late acquisition to the cause, but a loyal one nonetheless. He had come to work at the mansion after Davian had moved in.

Doctor Slavyn McCoy 
The doctor that joins Ajax in his quest. 
The doctor was 4'5" tall. 
The doctor's burned wagon; "Mysteries of the World!". 

Dove
Youngest child for Brown Bear.
The Chief's only daughter.

Duck
Hired bad guy for Eric Hawks.
Best friend to Jeff. 
Searched Jeff's body, came away with a paper that read "Mine" at the top, and a watch. He put it all in his pocket.

Easel
The young woman in Adrian's wagon train.

Elders
The high judges that kept the "Order" of the Plato Pact. 
Becoming an elders was a right of succession only. 
Proof of loyalty. POL 
There are only seven in the world. 

Elizabeth Marianne Stanford
The second wife of Ajax Hawks.
Ajax calls his wife, "Angel". 

Elsa Wild
In Independence Missouri at the El Rosa Saloon
A young girl, daughter of a merchant who lost his shop, 
to the Saloon owner in a fixed bet. 
She provides a place for Ajax and his people to stay in Independence. 
$5 a week.

Eric aka Erik Caesarian Andrews-Hawks
Eric , or rather Erik... in America..., was flawed.
Greek... mythological "demy-god"... Eris... the female version.
One year younger than Ajax. 
Antaeus after the Greek myth. That was the name of the son of Poseidon. He was a half-giant that sat by the road and killed people for sport.

He was good at games. It is what he actually... did best!
---
Eric felt a cold chill go up... his back. The temperature of the room felt different too.
---
How did he know what she looked like?
Because he had seen her, the day she came to visit with Victoria.
It happened only once, but he would never forget.
She had green eyes!
---
How did he know what she looked like?
Because he had seen her, the day she came to visit with Victoria.
It happened only once, but he would never forget.
She had green eyes!
---
Men Wanted 
Willing to shoot dogs and clear land.
Mealy mouths need not bother to apply.
Bounty on Indians $1 POD required.
(That means you got-to show their dead somehow.)
Join the Hawk Man Rangers today!
A gentleman's association.
Smithson Hotel, E. Hawks- The Boss
Print ads run by the merchant (Mr. Farthing)
on his press, in the backroom...
Given to all... the right men... looking for work!

Evergreen
The spring and summer camp site of the people. 

Evil One
A reference to a genetic designer from he Old World.   

Farthing
The owner of the mercantile Santa Fe
that helps both Eric and Ajax equally. 
He has a sweet young wife named Flora. She demands he give her gifts often. 
He misses his first wife, Maya that took off after he was found often with other ladies.  
Later Farthing realizes he misses her more than he thought he would.  

Fawn
The maid at the big house. 
Eric liked her a lot. 

Manus Prockton
My name is Manus. I am the son of Prockton from the great content of Africa."

The man with the bag came closer to the bed. His words were low and measured. "We have been waiting for your arrival." He paused for a moment. That point was extremely important. The "We" implied the seriousness of the moment. "When news came to town that a doctor was needed, I volunteered. The usual man... he died. You understand?" The shadowy wrath came closer to the sickbed as he spoke. 
            Manus was maybe five-foot-five-inches in height. His clothes were generally white, a suite of nice quality. But, after a closer review, it was not too nice. He carried a brown leather bag and clutched it tightly until Davian had gone. His eyes were so dark, they were nearly black. His skin... brown, deep brown. What nationality? It would be extremely hard to say. His black hair in waves gave some suggestion of the sands... places where people wear full garb to keep them from the sun. 
---
"I was sent by Bora, the Elder in Brittan." Speaking directly to Pollen. 

Flora
Second wife of Farthing. 
She hits him if he looks at other women. 

Forever People
Couples that find each other, by accident... fate... 
"meant to be"

Four Aces 
A Saloon in Independence Missouri 

George Strait 
Wagon Master.
5'8", but he walked all of 6'6" tall...
Blonde hair, cropped short. 
A thick accent and speech issues. 
Stutters around women.  

General (The General) referred to but not expanded upon in book one

Indians never felt the same thirst... It was all the white man's greed.
The "people" drank the whiskey offered and gave away their land.
Their trust was used against them.
Quotes from the journal of the General, just after the war.

"(The) Gold Dust Hotel"
The hotel Eric stays in while in Santa Fe. 

Goliath
Black horse that belong(s,ed) Victoria

Hank Farthing 
Owner of Hank's Trading Company, Santa Fe 
Five-foot-two-inch tall.
Build like a brick house.
Immigrant with a thick accent.
Pollen does not specify from which country.

Hannah Hawks
The first wife of Ajax Hawks. 
Died... mysterious circumstance. 
Died without bearing an heir to the Hawks' family. 

Hawks Family Crest
Single flower with a half-moon crest.

Hawks Family Ring
Family crest in gold and silver.
A valuable piece of jewelry.
Eric slipped the ring onto the third finger of his right hand.
It was the promise of riches and rewards beyond all typical dreams. 

Hawks' Mansion, "Majesty"
Ancestral home of the Hawks'
The age of the building was not obvious as it was in excellent repair. 
Six pillars lined the front porch. There was a stone step carved from marble imported from the Old World. Vines from plantings ages ago, had wrapped the whole front in green twists of thick branches. 

Herbert
The second guard, hidden among the wagons near by. 

Holly Gold
The girl that worked as maid for Ajax
at the hotel in Santa Fe. 
Not the same as the other girls Davian had chosen, 
look-a-likes to Lila. 

Iris Parlor and Eatery
Eric Hawks' favorite place to hang out in Santa Fe. 
This was a business that catered to the darker community. 

Jack Spits... 
Chilly's old partner

Jeff
Duck's best friend. 
He died in the ambush against Ajax. 

Knowing
This is similar to intuition. The art of advancement premonition of an event. 

Lacey
Replacement for Pollen as housekeeper and general maid. 

Lila Antoinette Andrews-Hawks
Beautiful powerful woman with soft... golden-brown hair and green eyes. 
Lila was married to Alexander Heron Hawks. 
She  was a true treasure in  lineage (aka an asset). She was the bounty of their arranged marriage. Lila was a gifted woman in nearly every area of the sciences, and she even excelled beyond expectations in most. For a woman, she was toe to toe intellectually with most great minds of the day. Yet, she would never receive her due as she was after all... a female. Her general area of expertise was math. Along with her exceptional calculating abilities, she had an iron-clad memory. She could recall every date, time, place... and event. If important she could also recall every conversation she had ever heard.. word for word. That talent had no boundary.

Lila's Vantage Point
It was in truth a weakness of the heart...
Lila thought it was a "chance" meeting with Damian.
It was not considered that the man watched and planned for an opportunity.
Not for the first time, but the second, she let herself be weak...
The night full of passion, the end uncomfortable, and later...
Heron, a nightmare to deal with!!
---
Twisted brotherly relations ran deep.
---
You are the winter of my life.
I claim you not out of fear of death, but fear of living.
It is cold in my heart, but you warm it.
My soul... snowbound, yet your breath... is the spring of my tomorrow.
Lila Andrews-Hawks, in secret to no one but the walls.
---
Insanity and genius were so closely related they were surely kin of the first generation.
---
Lila was not fond of rivals, old ones or young ones.

Lila
This is not the same as Lila Hawks. 
This woman went to work at Rosara after Davian came to live there. 
She was mute and could not speak well. She made noises. 
She did not have eyes like the rest, but Davian liked her anyway. 
She kept her place and did what she was supposed to do.

Livonia Houston
The real birth mother of Max Houston.
Died of unknown illness early... 

Margaret Athens
This is the adopted or "claimed" mother of Max Houston. 
She came to live with the Houston family after his mother died in child birth. 
Max considers her his mother. 
Sarah calls her Ma, or Grandma
Died on the trail west. 

Ma always told her to be strong..., and lookup.
The day passes as it should, and that is good.
And... unless the Lord calls you home, there will be another.
You can try again, at life tomorrow.

Mavericks Emporium
A general store in Independence Missouri 

May Flower 
The girl Davian keeps at the Saloon in Independence. 
The name of the place; "The High Hand". 
She is another look-a-like to Lila Hawks.
Her real name is Sally Reed.

Maya
Farthings wife that left him. 

Max Houston aka Maximus Abraham Houston
The son of the 7th son in the Houston line. 
West Point graduate. 
Farmer by family trade. 
Extremely good with horses.
Married to Victoria Loraine Andrews-Hawks-Houston
Father of Sara Elizabeth Houston aka Aponi
Best Friend to Ajax Hawks
Died on the trail west.
 
Between fear and faith is the wilderness of the unsure.
Saying and quotes spoken out loud  by Max Houston
---
"Listen twice as hard as you speak, and you will hear something worth listening to."
---
"A hoot always led to holler and that meant trouble!"

Michael Flynn
The Commander over Seren James

Mike Frost
This is a huge man. 
This is a bad man. 
Wears old uniform. Mexican/American War (deserter)
Wagon master. 
Friend of Eric Hawks. 

Milk
A gentle horse Eric rides..

Mina
The house maid for Rosara.
 A sweet thing. A lamb in the field. 
She had worked for Ajax and his wife since she turned 15.

Moon
A young woman given to Doc, because he helped save a young brave. 
She was payment in gratitude. Moon told Doc, she was his new wife. 
Doc never treated her has his wife. 
He thought of her only as his daughter.  

Moranin 
The Hawks ancestral home. 
A three-story structure above ground, with a right and left-wing. 
A giant stair was the center focus... of the house.
There were parlors, side rooms, music rooms, 
and other places to be...
A twisted derivative, coming from the more general word "moraine". That was a scientific term for rocks and debris carried down by a glacier... a formation of ridges and edges sharp and intense, packed as one.

Mortis
A man hired by Alexander Heron Hawks to follow and keep track of Victoria. 
After Victoria's death; to find and retrieve Sarah. 
A man secretly hired by Lila Antoinette Andrews-Hawks as well. 
Mortis worked discretely for many family members. 
He never told anyone, about the "others" and his multitasking. 
Mortis means death or dead color.
Took Jeff's belt and gun from his body for himself. 
Knows Duck

Nelly Cross
Worked for a while at the Hawks' Mansion
Lived in a small farm near by.
Daughter's name was Melinda. She was the first girl Ajax kissed. 

Oliver Right
The Owner of Biscuits from Heaven Restaurant
also the Owner of Mavericks Emporium

Pat
Chilly's X partner.
Bad miner, bad gambler, bad conman. 
After he died, Chilly found a pink ring on his hand. 
Chilly took it for himself. 

Pepper
Chilly's mule. 

Pepperbox
A gun developed to provide a repeat-fire function. 
Name related to the distinct shape of a kitchen pepper grinder. 

Plain Food and Supplies
A shop in city of Independence Missouri 

Plato Elites
The men and women sworn at birth to the cause. 
The Heads' of Houses' and those that governed for the hidden families.  
 
Plato Pact / Promise
The vow each member of the family takes, committing their lives to the cause. 
Also referred to as the "Ancestry of Yesterday" in historical references of the "family".

Long Life, Better Health, Wealth without measure!
Beauty beyond the limits of the day.
Memory, balance, and eternal bliss, at least while you breathed...

Pollen
The house of Satya.
Jam'isis Pollen Satya full name.
Satya is a Sanskrit word loosely translated as truth, essence.
Pollen is a Watcher. A person that protects the name of a family line.  
Pollen was Heron's right arm.
He was an Egyptian man but looked very Indian in his dress and manner. 
Pollen's skin was tan and he had a perfect, completion. He wore an all-white suits... which never showed any dirt or wear. 
The man also never showed any signs of aging in all his service to the family. 

Eric Hawks was a "needy" child, and he was an even "needier" adult!
Observations made by the houseman.
---
Pollen was born in Egypt. But; had lived his first years in India. His family had moved there just after his birth. It was where he had received his formal education, by tutors... special mentors, and "teachers of the arts".  Then, at the right time, he had been sent to America... to the Hawks' home. He had been assigned.
Pollen was a witness, he was also evidence, and lastly, he was a judge. Pollen was one of the seven elders.
---

Inside the sick room... where Pollen was now under the direct ministrations of the physician, the houseman found himself truly afraid. He had never known that kind of inner shaking until this moment. Pollen had watched with half lidded eyes as the stranger moved about, first coming to his bed, then returning to the door. Now... the outside had been cut off, cutaway and let go. The depth of this moment was awash with an even stronger fear. Part of the Egyptian had no idea what that even was... "to be terrified". The frailty of humanity had never been a consideration in any of his calculations. Now, it was an emotion so difficult to conceive of for a man so sure of himself for so long, it threatened his very sanity.  
---

What was her name? Lila sweet Lila the quiet...
When Pollen finally had a chance to ask, he did not, he held back.
He tried to pretend it did not matter.
But soon the girl was his morning and his night.
She showed such empathy and compassion, without gain.
Her beauty was a puzzle, as it came brighter from the inside, then out.
---
Pollen gained the serum, the life elixir with his solemn promise to keep the Pact.
­­­---
"Tools of the moment, should not be thrown away."

Running Deer
The wife of Tall Feather 
Mother of Tiny Bird
Died with her daughter in a raid. 

Sarah Loraine Andrews-Hawks-Houston aka Aponi
Daughter of Max and Victoria Houston
The exact likeness of Lila Hawks. 
Brown hair with green eyes.
Adopted and claimed daughter of Tall Feather
Able to calculate and remember things like her grandmother Lila Hawks
Iron clad memory and recall.
Learned in Indian Medicine and the ways of the People.
Aka Tanglefoot by Tyra.
Married Wolf... of the people and then widowed. No children. 

Every now and then,
Sarah felt more than heard... whispers.( animals speaking)
Not unfriendly, just there.
---
Sarah showed exceptional memory capability. She could mimic nearly any sound. By the time her mother had brought her in, she already spoke three languages and was fully skilled in the new sign language for the deaf. She could also calculate far past her age, without using any paper or other means to work the problems through. Sarah just seemed to know the answer, nearly as quickly as she was grilled. When Lila asked about all her abilities...? Sarah had told her it was all just a game.

Samuel Houston
Brother of Max Houston
He was a lion tamer.
He had the gift of speaking with animals. 

Securers
A private group, similar to the Pinkerton's
Also called "Dogs" which was a reference to the giant wolves back in the Old Country.
Peacekeepers

Seren James
5'5" tall but acts 6'
A lion at heart in matters concerning the law. 

Silver Fox
This was the tribes medicine man. 
His son Tall Feather took his place when he was killed. 
"Life was in the small things."
"Experience would take care of the rest."

Smithson Hotel
The hotel that Eric chose to stay in, 
once he received his father's ring. 

Star?
Ma, Margaret Athens calls out for this person... 
in the days before she passes away. 

Tall Feather
Medicine man for the tribe. 
Adopted, Claimed Father of Sarah Houston aka Aponi

Thomas Hacks
Works as a henchman for Eric Hawks. 
Hired to kill Ajax and Sarah. 
Also hired to rile up the Indians as much 
as possible to cover Eric's connections to their deaths. 

Tin Lu
Sarah's best friend on the wagon train. 
Her family is Chinese. 
Unknown whereabouts after encounter. 

Tiny Bird
Daughter of Tall Feather
Died in battle.

Victoria Loraine Andrews Hawks-Houston
This is the only daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Hawks.
Green eyes the same as her mother.  
She is the wife of Max Houston of the Houston Family Line
She is the mother of Sarah Loraine Houston aka Aponi

It is a good thing... to quickly find similarities.
Surviving in the masses presents both danger and opportunity.
To blend in you must first learn what is different in order to erase it from existence.
The new creation will be accepted and treated accordingly.
 ---
"What are the chances you were a planned event?"
---
It is a good thing... to quickly find similarities.
Surviving in the masses presents both danger and opportunity.
To blend in you must first learn what is different in order to erase it from existence.
The new creation will be accepted and treated accordingly.
---
Remember when you are presented, 
it is not just who you see, but who you do not... 
that is important. 
---
I watched their faces and tried to remember each one.
I wanted to fit in, as the alternative was unthinkable. (imperfect is equal to worthless)
I found out the truth... I would never succeed, as I am only a woman. 
Being who I am, the most that I can be... is all that is left.
Freedom takes on unusual forms.
It should be embraced as every chance.
It is a statement of fact.
 Writings from the journal of Victoria Houston
on her first and only visit to the archives.
---
Green eyes... considered uncommonly beautiful.
The shade and color, ever-shifting,
changing in hue and saturation...with mood, and... or... intent.
---
When I was little, I was considered small. 
The time to bother with me, not worth the effort.
 I was thankful in the end. 
It set my daughter free.
---
"It is not about an elite race, but a better one."
The lie they tell themselves.
---
I am sick now, and my time is close to the end. 
Mother never came to visit. 
I did not expect that she would.
I try to be strong for my daughter Sarah. 
I have a new game...
We are learning to sign words to each other.
---
I met him. 
It was an accident?
That is what I wanted to believe.
There are none, that is the fact that I am now aware of...
He was a kind man from the start. 
I found that I could love a kind man, forever!
He talked about God.
Max Houston was even better than kind. 
He was a "good" man.
---
The symbol on the shield,
the painting on the wall,
the crest of the family tree...  you see. 
It is there for you, but not for me!
---
Raise the bar, or raze the bar!
Hawks family words...
---
Like fat cats waiting by the mouse hole.
Even slow cats eat eventually,
but when they do, they are angry...
that they had to wait.
---
An unspoken prayer... just below hearing,
can always be heard clearly, by listening angels.
Victoria, written in blood, to those that thought they had won!.
---
What we want, and what we get, are not always the same.
What we deserve is levied upon us, in portions,
but not always in equal measure
to the weight of their significance...
or the burdens of justice made real.
---
NTS (note to self)
Mother is superstitious.
How can that be?
Written in the margin of Victoria's Journal
---
Why do people rarely share their pain?
The victims feel they will be further victimized
by their audiences' lack of empathy.
The unsure nature of fear... creates a wall of stones.
Exerts from the journal of Victoria Hawks, wife of Max Houston.
---
"All are held accountable for their life sins. Those that dole out lies, will be handled. They will be specifically judged according to the evils they conveyed to others. The fact at the base, the root of the beginning; the production of wrongs, caused by the children of chaos are all measured. A chain is then created and counted meticulously."

Watcher(s)
They were the people that worked in the background of the Plato Elites.

William Parker
This man is from the Parker Family
Works as a Securer 
The other direction was not a trail, it was an ending to everything. 
The man killed "human" wolves for a living. He hunted dog-men, that had no spirit. How he got this job; the wheel had turned upside down. The man was confused a bit between the idea of a real friend, Ajax... and serving the Securers. What would they want him to do now? The chips had shifted and the cards had been reshuffled. He was not a big games man, he was usually a "follow the directions" kind of guy. But out here, a man had only one path. It was the right path of good. The other direction was not a trail, it was an ending to everything. 

Willow
Wife of Bull. 

Wolf
Wolf was the son of Brown Bear's youngest brother.

Wolf Flats
The hidden camp of the people during winter. 

New and upcoming Books

Hope and Holidays (Holiday Stories)
Redneck Mustard Seeds (Poem Anthology)
The Independent Zebra (Poem Anthology)
Broken (Poem Anthology)
Skywriting! (A Collection of Short Stories.)
Runner  (Fantasy Novel Book One)
Paladin  (Fantasy Novel Book Two)
Armilander  (Fantasy Novel Book Three)
The Last Dance (Contemporary Novel)
Friend in the Woods  (A Collection of Short Stories)
The Edge of Nowhere (Science Fiction Novel)

Thank you again for your readership. 

Know that you are a Child of the King!
Be comforted in your heart,
that your soul is in his Hands...!
Jesus was born.
Jesus was crucified.
Jesus rose from the dead.

Jesus loves YOU!

Thank you again for your kind readership and support. 
Please like me, follow me, review me, and pass my name along. 

Ann

God Bless America!
Keep her strong and safe
forever.


