
BLOOD RED ROSE
Book one

Mark Stewart


Copyright ©: 2015 Blood Red Rose: Mark Stewart. All rights reserved. No part of this story may be reproduced in any form without written permission from the author. This story is fictitious and a product of the author’s imagination. Resemblance to any actual person living or dead is purely coincidental.

ISBN 9780980777321

Smashwords edition license notes.
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Editor: Mathew Lang.

By Mark Stewart

The Kendal chronicles
Fire games
Heart of a spider
I know your secret

Don’t tell my secret
201 May street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies’ Club
Book of secrets
Mistress

Kiss on the bridge
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift

Blood red rose
Blood red rose two
Blood Red rose three

Legendary blue diamond
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Planet X91 the beginning
Planet X91the new home
Planet X91the underwater cave
Planet X91the storm
Planet X91the drought
Planet X91the fire
Planet X91the plaque
Planet X91doorway to time
Planet X91 the new earth
(plus many more)

All novels are set in Australia


In this series

Blood red rose
Blood red rose two
Blood red rose three



BLOOD RED ROSE



CHAPTER ONE


England: Early Spring, 1749AD.

THE TALL athletic built man longed for the next female to walk his way. He loved this particular time of night when the moon had risen to the highest point in the sky, and a gentle breeze started wafting in from the sea.
The man didn’t blink, looking down the cobblestone sidewalk. His presence made whoever walked past the deep doorway he stood in, die of fright when they found him lurking in the shadows. He adjusted his tanned top hat and tails and tugged at his long-sleeved frilly shirt to prepare himself for the arrival of the ladies. The man stepped further back into the doorway of the three-storey building which housed the city clock, watching the rats and mice scurrying about in an attempt to discover food.
The man looked relaxed standing in the cold waiting to hear the scraping echo of lady’s shoes. The giggling females always heightened the thrill.
William Haleton was told countless times by many a young lady when they danced, he always acted like the perfect gentleman. His handsome features always attracted long luring looks. He lost count of how many times young single ladies commented on his strong shoulders, taut muscles, and dark hair. The only thing wrong, love had failed to mushroom in his life.
For several heartbeats Haleton studied the ground, he stood on. His facial expression looked drawn. He took to pondering what might be the reason for his loneliness. Finally, his thoughts fell on Alex Crompton. His cousin’s murderous ways must cease, and he was the only one who could do it. Maybe after the death of the man, love will flow unhindered towards him. How he yearned for the warm embrace of a woman. He didn’t want any girl; he wanted to be married to a beautiful woman. One he could love, cherish and adore. He wanted to smell the perfume on her neck, the sweet-smelling oils in her hair. He wanted to buy the love of his life, gifts of expensive perfume and long flowing dresses. His medical studies were soon to begin. He wanted to be the finest surgeon in the country. He wanted to see a room full of patients. To top his dream goal, he prayed each night the young lady he’d marry embraced the medical side. Female surgeons were indeed a rarity. He needed to unearth the woman, even if fate took him to another country.
The familiar noise of flat heeled shoes scraping the cobblestone sidewalk quickly brought Haleton back from his daydream. He knew tonight would be the evening of Crompton’s next victim.
To stop his cousin’s murderous ways Haleton needed to be ready.
Crompton, wearing a black felt top hat and tails loosened his shirt collar. He hugged the wall of the only brick dwelling in the village. His cold murderous black eyes surveyed the area. Seeing no one he quickly marched across the dirt road, blending into the shadow of a large old oak tree.
Catching a whiff of enticing perfume from a young female, a satisfied expression wrinkled Crompton’s brow. He acted hypnotized with the aroma of the sweet perfumed scent.
When Haleton spied Alex Crompton, he placed his tanned colored felt hat on the ground and ran across the road. He took to hiding in the deep doorway of the general store.
Two young females walking home from a nearby party closed in. Every muscle in Haleton’s body compressed to the point of cramping. He must win the fight. Crompton must be stopped no matter the cost. The life of the two young women approaching, not to mention his love life, depended on his victory.
The two females came soon enough. They were staggering along the road from consuming too much wine they had stolen from their father’s locked cupboard. They were giggling at their noisy footsteps and slurred speech. One of the girls stopped walking. She swayed slightly leaning against the other’s shoulder.
“Stand still. I’ve broken the strap on both of my shoes. They keep slipping off my feet.” The tall, slender young woman swiped her shoes up off the sidewalk. Her long blonde hair fell in front of her face, sweeping the ground. For a short time, the girl swayed trying desperately not to fall over. “Hey sister, thanks for catching me, I nearly fell,” she stammered, straightening. “Okay, let’s go home.”
Both young ladies were dressed to impress every man at the local dance. They wore the same style of evening wear. Their long-sleeved white pleated dress kissed the ground while they danced around the floor. Tight corsets decreased the size of their already narrow waist and behind each ear the lingering smell of an expensive perfume.
“We cannot walk about the streets with you wearing no shoes. What would a handsome bachelor say if he sees us?”
“Sister, I’m too drunk to bloody care.”
“You should not use those sorts of words. What if someone hears?”
“Take a look around; I can’t see anyone. Can you?” The young lady palmed an open hand around the deserted area. “Tomorrow I’m going back to the local cobbler’s shop to yell at the cordwainer. I might even use extra strong verbal diarrhea just to get my point across. The small rat featured, irritating little man, kept my shoes for an entire week. Now they’re broken.”
“You should blame the well-rounded man at the dance. He stepped on your feet too many times to count.”
“No, it’s the peddler’s fault for not making the shoe straps strong enough in the first place.”
“Shhh, not so loud, this is the area where the last murder took place.”
“Sister, lightning doesn’t strike in the same place twice,” hinted the taller of the two. She staggered over a cobblestone. Her sister caught her again, propping her up.
“I have a strange feeling someone is watching us.”
“Who’d bother with two drunks? Especially me, I’ve no shoes on my feet.” The girl giggled. Again, she leaned against her sister. “It sure is a nice night for a walk. Shame you’re not a man.”
Crompton slowly pulled his long-bladed knife from inside a sheath of his knee-high left boot. He lifted it to eye level and slowly twisted it back and forth in his hand. The blade glistened in the light of the full moon. He studied the blade, admiring its razor-sharp edge. How he missed how the custom-made wooden handle felt when he held it in his hand. The explanation he gave to the craftsman for wanting the knife perfectly balanced was for killing and dissecting rabbits.
The wind began to strengthen, blowing the dark clouds off to the North. Crompton hid the knife behind his back. He switched his attention to the two young ladies staggering past. He scraped his tongue slowly across the surface of his lips. As the girls walked away, Crompton made final preparations to pounce.
Haleton knew Crompton didn’t care about his female victims or whether they were a mother. In life, the only way he could satisfy the constant hunger burning deep inside him was to kill a woman. The minute he found the perfect victim their time walking on the Earth quickly came to an end.
Haleton studied the killer’s face. Crompton looked disappointed. ‘Could he be growing soft?’ Haleton frowned at his thoughts. ‘Not possible.’
Crompton marched up behind the girls, striking up a casual conversation. If the two young women knew of his intentions, they’d have bellowed a blood-curdling scream.
Haleton estimated one girl to be slightly older than sixteen; the other nineteen.
“You are too drunk for my liking. Have a nice life,” Crompton taunted.
When the nineteen-year-old blew him a kiss her younger sister grabbed her by the arm and marched her down the road.
The killer turned his collar up to keep warm from the cold. He changed direction, deciding to walk slowly towards the ocean. As he drew level to a doorway, he stopped and glared at the tall figure watching him.
Crompton growled. “Show yourself or suffer the consequences.”
“You don’t know the meaning of the word.”
“I don’t have to.”
Haleton emerged, glaring at Crompton. “Haven’t you scared every female in the fishing village enough?”
“William Haleton, I should have known you’d be lurking in the shadows.”
“Answer my question.”
“I want to be certain I haven’t left any females off my list. Be told, my gang and I are going to continue. The twelve of us are unstoppable.”
“Are you sure?”
Crompton laughed dryly. “Positive. When I feel the urge, another female will end up face down in the sea.”
“I’m here to stop you,” growled Haleton.
“Don’t tell me you decided against joining my gang? It will be the biggest mistake you have ever made.”
“You’re wrong. Waiting too long in standing up to you has been my biggest mistake.”
“Don’t tell me your high-priced talk again,” spat Crompton.
“You need to hear it.”
“You’ve always been weak Haleton. Mark my words, you always will be. All women were born to be treated, in anyway, men like me, want.”
“You’re crazy. A young lady should be showered in love and romanced, in a gentlemanly way.”
“You talk nonsense. Ever since we were old enough to walk, we’ve never seen eye to eye on anything. For that, I hate you. I’ll give you one last chance to join my gang,” snarled Crompton.
“What if I refuse?”
“Your sour lonely life will end. If you think your way is the best, how come you’re not married? Where’s the good-looking woman who has skin like honey hanging from your arm?”
Haleton remained silent.
“It’s just like I thought. This is your last chance. Join us or die.”
Giggling from a potential new victim interrupted the standoff.
“Haleton, come, witness what you’ve been missing.” Crompton crouched behind a small upturned fishing boat, waiting for the new arrivals.
Haleton back stepped into the shadow of the doorway. Every cell in his body cried out for the love of a young woman. He sniffed the air, catching a whiff of an expensive French perfume wafting towards him on the wind. He’d entered many a perfume shop over the years to smell the delight from the endless array of small bottles only to be tossed out by the female owner.
Haleton took a moment to replay the last encounter in his mind.
The woman looked feisty when he stood in the doorway. Her yells almost woke the dead.
“This is no place for a man. Get out,” she demanded.
Haleton’s thoughts were interrupted by a rat running across his feet. Its mistake was to stop and eat a morsel of food. Haleton squatted, killing the vermin. He kicked it into the rubbish and refocused on the two young ladies walking towards him.
Haleton readied himself. He carefully considered which girl will be Crompton’s next victim. One at a time was his first rule. His second rule he never broke meant she mustn’t be drunk. The killer never broke either rule. Which one will die first, the brunette who happened to be in the lead or the shorter blonde one? Haleton knew the pattern. Blonde first, a brunette second, then cycle begins again. Haleton frowned. Could Crompton let them live? He had done it in the past. Haleton shook his head. There’d been too many missed chances since the last killing four weeks ago. He viewed the corpse of the pretty brunette. His spirit grieved for the dead girl. He felt great pity for her family’s loss. He did get the chance to talk to the deceased girl when she was alive on several occasions. She didn’t act her age. Crompton destroyed the contents of at least three rooms of the house she lived in when he discovered the girl was only fourteen. For the first time, he broke the third rule he lived by. The victim must be older than sixteen. Crompton was unstable and growing worse as the days wore down.
Haleton surmised his cousin would have a sensational appetite for blood, stopping at nothing to quench it. He cast his thoughts back to the scene of Crompton’s first murder. They were two young ladies. For an unknown reason, he allowed the tall woman to escape, if only for a time. He must have thought it more sporting to think she outwitted the murderer.
Haleton didn’t like hearing his name mentioned in the countless whispers anymore. He wanted to make certain Crompton never accomplished another murder. Haleton pushed all thoughts of his cousin to one side and thought about the woman he dreamt about night after night. In his dream she was intelligent, the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. How he hungered to meet her. Other than the woman in his dreams the only real woman he loved happened to be married. He could never be a marriage breaker. He conceded in the fact they’d only ever be friends. He planned to leave England and try his luck somewhere else. England was a great place, but the ladies seemed to stay away. Maybe they thought Haleton or Alex Crompton might be the killer.
Haleton came back to reality by the sweet smell of the perfume both ladies were wearing as they strolled past the doorway. Their giggling muffled any noise he made. Their approaching presence momentarily distracted Haleton causing him to lose sight of Crompton.
The rat’s death surfaced in Haleton’s mind. He wondered if the young ladies might scream if they saw the carcass. Crompton loved the way women screamed. He’d brag down at the local pub how each one screams differently. The noise was sweet music to his ears.
“Curse you rat,” Haleton whispered a decibel too loud.
He had tipped off the girls.
They started running.
Crompton darted from behind the upturned boat.
The taller girl squealed when one of her shoes fell off. She kicked the other away, running ahead of the shorter in bare feet.
“Shantal, I beg you to wait; do not leave me. I’ll need your help if the man catches me.”
The young woman stumbled, falling face first onto the gravel. She rolled over onto her back, and looked at the cold eyes of her attacker.
Crompton hovered over her. His evil smirk widened. He bent sideways and slowly pulled his knife from a hidden sheath sewn into one of his long boots. His eyes glistened as he stared at the steel blade. He seemed to relish in the fact the woman will soon be dead. He switched his focus from the sharp blade to the woman cowering on the ground.
“Do you like the blade?”
“No,” she stammered. “I beg you; please leave me be.”
“You can beg all you want it will do you no good.”
Crompton stared at the woman’s eyes, studying his reflection in her pupils.
“Please, I have a son. He has not been long in this world.”
Haleton got closer. He must be extra quiet if he wanted to get close enough to save the woman’s life.
Crompton lowered himself over the woman. He looked more than ready to accept his trophy. His lips parted, curling upwards. “You are my next victim,” he hissed.
The girl’s eyes bulged. Crompton easily held her a prisoner using a white-knuckled grip on her pink blouse. The girl watched the knife slowly rise into the air.
Instead of screaming one last time her terrified expression fell, lost to a cheap grin.
Holding the knife at a good height, the attacker paused. His eyebrows angled to a point. He looked puzzled.
From his new hiding place behind a tree, Haleton knew Crompton didn’t like what he saw. The woman will pay dearly for making him lose the edge. The edge he must have to satisfy his hunger.
Crompton lifted the knife higher into the air. At its maximum extended point, the young woman laughed in a cynical tone taunting the man to, even more anger. The noise placed the man deeper into the dark crevasses of his mind where he’d lose all logical thinking and go completely insane.
Haleton managed to get behind Crompton without him knowing. His fingers were so tightly compacted every knuckle on both his hands were the color of a white bed sheet.
Haleton thrust both fists against the murderer’s back. Crompton lost his vice-like grip on the knife sending it sailing through the air. The knife landed blade first into the ground six feet from the woman’s head. In a desperate move, Crompton leaned sideways, reaching for the knife handle.
Haleton pulled his knife from his long boot, pointing the tip at Crompton. Without no warning, his cousin lunged, smacking the knife from his hand.
Haleton retaliated. Although he fought hard, he soon realized he was losing the fight. He could feel his life slipping away. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see the young lady watching, crouched at the base of a nearby tree. The minute he died, she would be next in line. The reason why she didn’t take the opportunity to run eluded him.
‘Escape, escape,’ Haleton yelled inwardly. ‘I’m buying you precious seconds. Escape. Go now before it’s too late.’
Haleton knew Crompton would triumph in a matter of seconds. He’d always been the stronger, winning every fight. His cousin delivered a rock-hard fist to Haleton’s jaw. He hit the ground, face first. Crompton towered over his victim. Conceding defeat, Haleton closed his eyes. He felt the boot against his ribs as someone kicked him across the cobblestones in an exact copy of how he discarded the dead rat. For what seemed like minutes Haleton lay in a crumpled heap on top of a pile of rubbish. Blackness blurred his vision and as he slipped into unconsciousness, he could smell the stench from the rotting trash.
Crompton faced the woman, glaring at her through cold, uncaring eyes. Casually waving her hand, she brought to his attention the gathering crowd. They were arriving in droves. The entire village came out of their home to watch. They herded Crompton close to Haleton and a large heavy fishing net was thrown over the top of them. Crompton’s eyes were wild. He twisted in tighter circles dragging and wrapping himself and Haleton into the imploding cavity. Crompton’s struggles to escape were futile. Managing to slip his knife into Haleton’s hand, Crompton fell to the ground gasping for air.
Haleton opened his eyes in time to hear the angry warning.
“Drop the knife,” yelled one of the King’s guards. “If you don’t listen to me, you will die where you are.”
Haleton shook his head, trying to defend the charge.
For his hesitation, he received a kick to the ribs.
“Finally, you have been caught. Haleton your murdering days are at an end.”
“Yes, arrest the murderer,” hissed Crompton, nodding viciously. “I followed the man to stop him from killing the young lady sitting on the ground over by the tree. My attempts to talk him into walking away were of no use. He didn’t listen. He pulled the knife he’s now holding from the inside of his boot and lunged for my throat. I managed to deliver one lucky punch to his jaw. If it weren’t for you good people, I’d be dead.”
“Is what he said true, Miss?” asked the King’s guard. Walking over to the young lady, he noted she sat trembling in fright.
She looked up at him. Her quivering lips parted, but she failed to utter a word.
A man dressed in top hat and tails stepped to the front of the crowd. “I’m a doctor. I saw the entire thing. I witnessed first-hand Haleton trying to fight Crompton. He alone wanted to attack the young lady.”
“Take both men to the castle,” yelled the King’s guard over the ruckus of the onlookers. “When both prisoners are behind a locked door and can’t get away, someone who is brave enough has my permission to unwrap them.”



CHAPTER TWO



HALETON WATCHED the solid metal door slam shut. One of the King’s guards stuck his face against the small observation hole no larger than his fist in the center of the door, looking content over the arrest. Haleton surmised the young man only recently joined the military. The arrest will be a talking point at the local pub for many nights to come.
Haleton turned away from the door. The room appeared to be rectangular in shape and made out of hand cut bricks. The area measured not much larger than three large steps long by two large steps wide. The barren room felt cold. A sliver of daylight seeped through the only window too narrow to escape through. The man standing at the window appeared to be staring at the outside world. Without turning to face Haleton the man spoke in whispers.
“Haleton you were always the predictable one. If you are contemplating lunging for my throat; let me remind you of my hidden knife. You know it’s real, I’ve shown it to you on several occasions in an attempt to persuade you to accomplish what I want.” Crompton stepped away from the window, his grin widening. “The way I see the situation; you have no choice. Join my gang. With my brains at the helm, we’ll be unstoppable.”
Haleton walked over. His tight fist hit the man’s jaw.
“Enough out of you Haleton,” growled an older King’s guard, opening the door. “You’re wanted in the next room.”
The solid wooden whip the man held portrayed him to be unreasonable. He certainly didn’t come across as someone who’d be interested in an idle chat.
When Haleton stepped out of the cell he was herded through the doorway on his right. The solid wooden door was promptly slammed shut. The guard inserted a large silver key in the lock and twisted it. Except for the small table and two chairs, the room looked identical to the one Haleton was in not more than two minutes earlier.
“Sit down,” ordered the seated man.
The tall solid built man glared at Haleton. His thick black mustache growing under his nose didn’t twitch when he talked.
“I want to plead my case!” insisted Haleton.
“I won’t tell you to sit a third time.”
“What happens if I refuse your request?”
“Your kidneys will feel bruised.” The man behind the mustache nodded at a tall man standing in the doorway.
Haleton didn’t want to antagonize the situation further and sat.
“Good. I feel at this time I should formerly introduce myself,” said the man with the moustache.
“I know who you are. You’re Vardum, Derrick Vardum. You live on top of the hill overlooking the sea. You have a petite wife who gave birth to a son six months ago. She almost died of a hemorrhage after giving birth to him on the last day of winter. I’ve heard she’s doing fine now. She has regained her strength and has never looked back on those dark days. Your two lovely daughters were a great help while she recovered. One is eight; the other is six.”
“You seem to know a lot about my personal affairs. This is of no consequence. I know everything about you.” Vardum glared at Haleton for a long time. “You are in big trouble. Your killing days are over. The women in the villages around the countryside can now sleep soundly.”
“I suppose you’ll be there at my hanging?”
“I never miss such an exciting time.”
“What if I were to tell you I’m innocent?”
“I find it hard to believe; you’re swimming in guilt.”
“Crompton was the one carrying the knife.”
“I have it on good authority you were the one holding the knife.”
“Your witness has led you astray.”
“What you have said is not new. All insane criminals say the same thing.”
“It’s the truth. I followed Crompton to stop him from murdering another young lady.”
“It makes no difference to me what you say. Crompton, you and your gang of thugs, will be hunted down and incarcerated for eternity. If I understand the doubtful expression you are displaying, you believe your gang members will never be caught. I’m going to tell you a little secret. I have a dedicated man on the job. It’s only a question of time until the remainder are rounded up. They will suffer the same fate as you.”
“A hanging?” questioned Haleton.
“What is coming on the wind for you is far worse.”
“What could be worse than a hanging?”
“You’ll find out,” Vardum spat.
“How long before the act takes place?” questioned Haleton.
“It will happen soon.”
“Your reputation for being a tough military interrogator is known throughout the castle and surrounding villages. Seeing how you’re here I thought torture would be on your mind?” questioned Haleton.
“Not in the equation. I came to gloat. I have waived my special privileges owed to me by the King to give you a message. A special team known as the ‘Council of four’ has devised a worse punishment than you could ever imagine. It will be a pleasure to rid this time zone of you and Crompton.”
“What are you implying?” asked Haleton.
“Banishment to permanent exile with no hope of a pardon is devilishly clever.” Vardum leaned on the table, looking directly at Haleton’s eyes. “Chain this man. I want Haleton and Crompton dragged to the town center. Make sure the chains are good and tight. I don’t want either to escape.”
A six-man lynch mob hauled the wretched prisoners in chains outside, dragging them past many market stalls towards the main square in the exact center of the castle grounds. They were tethered to a pair of identical wooden poles that had a large metal ring bolted through the middle. The prisoners could do nothing except listen to the excited chatter of the gathering crowd.
Haleton and Crompton watched the people scampering around them. When a young woman who came to witness the end of their life got too close, Crompton spat at her face.
“I will have my revenge,” Crompton yelled.
“May God have mercy on these men and us for what we are about to do,” yelled the priest over the ruckus made by the crowd of onlookers. He looked at a military soldier. “Allow the people a further ten minutes to taunt both prisoners. After that time, unlock them from the pole and hand them over to me. I have been given special permission by the council of four to escort Haleton and Crompton to the dungeon.”



CHAPTER THREE



THE DUNGEON walls were wet from condensation. The air smelt stagnant and felt cold. Rats scurried about in their hundreds searching for food. When the rodents heard noises descending the uneven stone steps, they sprinted for their many hiding holes for safety.
A group of four hooded figures, each carrying a lit kerosene lantern momentarily stopped at the bottom step. After glancing around the semi dark room, they walked further into the dungeon.
Through swollen eyes from the punches he had receieved while tethered to the worn wooden pole in the town square, Haleton watched every movement the black hooded figures made. His thoughts fell on Crompton, wondering how he was fairing. Haleton lost count of the number of kicks he received and he knew of many prisoners who didn’t survive the torture.
The face of the hooded figures remained hidden while they walked around Haleton and Crompton. Their chantings were low, eerie, ghostlike noises. Every syllable seemed to bounce off the dungeon walls. When one of the hooded figures accidently stepped too close and giggled, Haleton was alerted to the fact it might be a woman.
He studied the figure’s shape and movements. The person appeared to be the odd one out. The figure looked slightly shorter than the other three. It seemed to bounce slightly compared to the others as it followed the one in front. Haleton took to studying the walk of each one of the four hooded council members. He decided the person who giggled must be a woman. The longer he studied her movements, the more convinced he felt. He knew he must try and find a way to speak to her. If only he could remove her hood, he’d know if they had met.
Haleton glanced across at Crompton. The man looked to be smirking as he licked his swollen lips. Dry blood had stained his shirt. His eyes were half shut. Both his ears were thicker than they should have been. In the semi-darkness, Haleton could tell he had received a prolonged bashing.
For a couple of antagonistic minutes, each of the black hooded figures stood in front of the prisoners. One by one each turned and walked off. Haleton couldn’t hold back his curiosity.
“Hello there. Please, tell me your name?” he whispered to the last of the hooded figures.
The woman lifted her head slightly. Her lips parted to reveal a friendly smile. “You should know me, I’m Rose-a-lee Cantala.”
“I thought it might be you. I beg you to help me. You know me well enough to believe I’m innocent. We go back a long way. Remember? Search your heart you’ll know I’m correct.”
Without any sign of a response, Rose-a-lee Cantala walked to the opposite side of the dungeon and stood at a small oval shaped table. A blackened edged gold chalice and two small gold cups were in the exact middle.
Haleton decided their situation might soon get a whole lot worse.
Rose-a-lee Cantala looked busy preparing a drink. The other three figures walked over. They spoke first to Haleton then to Crompton.
“You show no remorse over your choice to be corrupt. You sealed your fate years ago by walking down the wrong path. One day you will wish you were never born.”
“I’m innocent of all charges,” insisted Haleton, coughing up blood.
One of the three raised his hand to signal for silence. “Your fate has been sealed. It makes no difference which way you plead. Your sentence will be carried out immediately.”
The three hooded figures drifted off to the table where they stood waiting, their hands buried inside the sleeves of their black robes. They watched Rose-a-lee pour the bubbling white liquid from the chalice into the cups and place them back on the table, allowing the brew to cool.
“You can’t make me drink that,” spat Haleton, squirming.
Crompton echoed his concern. “What is it anyway, a poison?”
One of the four council members side-stepped, signaling both prisoners to be quiet. “This is far worse than any poison. Your incarceration is all thanks to the scientist who makes up one of our council members. She has perfected the formula to transform anyone we choose into a vampire. I’m not about to disclose the formula. To put the explanation into simple terms you two can understand, listen closely to what I have to say.”
After spitting a mouthful of blood at a rat who felt brave enough to walk out from the shadows to smell the prisoners, Haleton glared at the man standing in front of him.
“In the thirteenth century, Transylvania sent a package. It took seven months to reach the shores of England. Many crewmen died battling through no less than eleven storms. Upon arrival, the council of science took delivery of the package and the official letter. In it, the people in countless villages sacrificed many lives in an attempt to extract a sample of blood from a vampire. The creature of the night sneaks into many bedrooms, places the young women into a trance, bites their jugular vein and sucks the blood from their body. When the full moon has risen to its highest point in the night sky, each new victim was be transformed into a vampire. A posse was quickly formed. Their goal; eradicate the vampires, whose numbers seemed to be doubling by the month.
After the villagers had collected the vampire bile, they signed the letter in their quest to persuade us to help exterminate the vampires. Four hundred plus years later science has achieved the impossible. Although our ancestors failed to discover the exact antidote which kills the beast living inside a human, we the council of four have discovered something new. We have decided to use this knowledge to our advantage to go one step further. It is a branch or offshoot from the ancestry line of the Transylvanian vampire. Personally, I believe it was a stroke of genius. The only difference; there is no antidote for this new strain of vampire. One part of the formula is from the vampire’s venom and a mosquito’s abdomen. Of course, there is more to the formula than what I’ve stated. At this time, you have no reason to know it. The combination of two main ingredients in exact proportions has given us the perfect solution to rid all evil doers from our society.”
“How is this possible?” questioned Haleton.
“Sounds too barbaric to be true. It must be a joke. You’re trying to trick us into a false hope. It’s the ultimate taunt before you watch us die.” Crompton spat at the feet of the man.
“We the council of four have discovered special properties in the vampire’s blood. Careful examination after the death of a captured vampire, adding a few minor adjustments through genetic manipulation, plus several additives we threw into the mix and years of painstaking trials on various humans, we have finally succeeded in creating a potion which is one hundred percent effective,” explained another of the council members.
The woman in the group sidestepped next to Haleton. She waited for the other three in the group to walk back to the table so she could lift a long slender finger to her lips. She leaned close to his ear, whispering.
“I can’t stop the ceremony from taking place. What I can do, is, in the years to come, discover the antidote so that you will be free from the curse. Remember the following name and numbers. Haleton it’s your only chance to have an early release from the curse. His name is Priest P.T. Macularta. You can trust him. There’s one more thing, whatever you do don’t forget the numbers ‘777.’ Find Macularta even if he’s dead.”
Haleton tried to look past the large hood in an attempt to see her eyes. “Please, let me see your face.”
The woman shook her head. “No. I must confess I have always loved you. I have always believed you were an honorable man.” She bowed her head and marched briskly over to the table to join the others before they looked around the semi-lit dungeon for her.
The four nodded at each other. In single file, they slowly shuffled around the dungeon, chanting. Their circles tightened slowly. Every few steps they hesitated long enough to look at the two prisoners and curse the ground they stood on. Eventually, they stopped walking and faced the accused.
Three out of the four pointed their finger at the face of the two prisoners while the woman peeled off to collect the two gold cups from the table. She handed one to a fellow council member who in turn took a step towards Haleton and Crompton.
When the tallest of the group spoke, his voice sounded monotonous. An ice shiver shot through Haleton’s body.
“These are the rules of the curse. You will hunt and kill no less than one hundred evil souls. Take a life of an innocent, their blood will taste like acid, and you will start at the beginning of the curse again. Stay too long in the year without a kill; you will start over. You will never drink or sleep, only the blood of the guilty will you consume. After each meal of blood, you will be transported through time for the next kill. There is a mirror next to you. Look at your image. The mirror image will reveal a human form. Once you have drunk the vampire blood no more will you see your reflection! Eventually, you will forget how you look. Your blood will run hot until the last evil soul has been consumed. You will crave food, but you won’t be able to eat. Love and romance will escape you. The reason for this phenomenon is; you will not be in the same year for more than 48 hours. If you have failed to take the life of an evil soul in that time span, you will begin again back here in 1749AD. You will never have a home or offspring.”
“Think about what you’re doing. This isn’t fair; I’m innocent. I beg you, don’t do this.”
Haleton looked sideways at Crompton hoping for back up. The grin painted on Crompton’s face seemed to invite the torment. His eyes relayed the fact he felt excited at what might come.
“Alex Crompton and you, William Haleton, will be a shadow by day and a hunter by night. Your body will scream, your mind will scream, but neither of you will ever find sanctuary from the curse. You will never die at the hand of a mortal or any other like you who bears the vampire’s curse. Look out for them your paths will eventually cross. It is part of the curse. If you are wise, you will know what to do.”
Haleton could feel anger welling up inside him. He didn’t care to control it. He yelled at the council of four through bloody swollen lips. “Tell me the number of people you have condemned to this insane way of life? Tell me how many?”
“Counting you, there are thirteen so far.” The tallest member of the council of four who seemed to be in charge, looked directly at Crompton. “Don’t be alarmed; your gang has already gone through what you are about to.”
“You’re all insane,” hissed Haleton.
The council member switched his attention to Haleton. “After each evil soul has been consumed, you will be transported back and forth through time. No two killings will be in the same time zone. This will be your punishment for your crimes.” The hooded figure waved his finger at two of the council of four. “Force the accused men to drink the vampire’s blood and prepare the special grains of sand. Their judgment is at hand.”
Haleton yelled in a croaky voice. “I’m innocent! I’m innocent!”
Sweat broke out on Haleton’s brow. He struggled against the chains. The violent twisting of his wrists was powerful enough to snap a bone. In seconds, the excruciating pain registered in his brain.
One of the four council members grabbed him by the hair, yanking his head back. Haleton didn’t have the strength to fight off the hooded man. He succumbed to the plans of the council of four after dropping to his knees.
His forearms were twisted up. Using Haleton’s own knife, he cut the exposed underneath skin. An oval shaped yellow colored object no larger than a grain of rice was embedded under his skin. His left forearm didn’t escape a repeat performance. The only difference this time around; the granule looked to have a red center. The gold cup was pushed between his teeth. The vampire blood trickled down Haleton’s throat. In a last-ditch effort, he tried to avoid swallowing the liquid by forcing it out of his mouth. For his disobedience, he received a jab in the ribs. The gold cup was then brought back to his lips. Gasping for air Haleton swallowed the liquid.
One of the hooded people carried a small glass jar. The li looked loose. Haleton saw a single mosquito on the bottom of the jar. The hooded person hovered over Haleton. His evil smirk reeked of confidence. Without a second thought, he pulled the lid away and upturned the jar on Haleton’s arm. The mosquito dropped down and started sucking the blood out of his arm.
The combination of the bite and the vampire’s blood felt like acid as the blood pulsated through his veins. He tried to slow his heart rate by relaxing. It made little difference. His temples throbbed. His head felt like his brain might explode at any moment. Haleton looked up at the council of four through blurred vision.
The tall man who made up one part of the council of four boasted a wide satanic grin. He stepped over to Haleton, jabbing him in the ribs. He lifted the prisoner to his feet by his hair and stared at his eyes.
“Your first year will be 1849AD. Forget about trying to persuade me into thinking nothing happened, and it’s all a farce. Soon the cells in your body will soak up the warm vampire blood, and you will be gone. Take heart in knowing Crompton’s turn will take place minutes after you.”
“What did you put in my arms?” Haleton managed to mumble.
“The grains are the surprise. You’ll find out soon enough. Even if you cut them out and throw them away, the grains will materialize exactly where they have been inserted.”
“You could at least tell me what they are?”
“The grains have special properties they have absorbed over the centuries. They act as magnets for what lies ahead. Enjoy your trip.”
The tall council member watched Haleton crumple to the floor. He felt faint. He used his entire strength just to keep his eyes open. The pain in his wrist burned from the break. He closed his eyes in an attempt to concentrate on his breathing. His lungs ached from the effort. He tried to force a yell, but only a feeble squeak passed between his lips. Thousands of red dots forming under his skin burst, causing blood to trickle down his body to the ground. He could plainly hear the throb of his heart pounding against his ribs. The noise slowly intensified. Four brave rats starving for food sprinted over to his feet. They licked the blood on the cold blue stones. Haleton didn’t have the strength or the willpower to kick them away.
Haleton glanced across at Crompton. His eyes were bulging as they stared across the semi-dark dungeon. Foaming at the mouth his face looked distorted. Haleton grieved for the man until he saw the same evil smirk he always displayed. His cousin opened his arms wide towards the council of four. Haleton could barely make out what he was saying.
“Give it to me. I want the curse. I want it now. Don’t leave me in suspense. I want it all.” He voluntary drank the vampire’s blood and held out his hands for more.
Haleton shook his head. He came to the conclusion Crompton was insane.
The council of four walked towards the stairs. Climbing the rough-cut steps, the flame from the candles that were twisted into the candelabra each member of the council held in their hands danced wildly on their retreat.
Crompton’s stare appeared fixed on something across the room.
Haleton followed his gaze. When he saw it, he pushed his back into the cold, wet metal pole he was chained to. His mouth fell open. His eyes bulged. He yelled. “Rose-a-Lee Cantala, what have you done?”
He heard no reply.
The council of four had quickly left the dungeon for the safety of their home.
The pinprick of light, no larger than the size of a pin-head, hovered on the other side of the dungeon at knee height. In silence, it began to close in on the two prisoners. Haleton’s body started tingling.
The orb of light quickly grew. Haleton noted any noise in the room quickly died. He felt as though he’d gone deaf. He fought hard to persuade his mind not to panic. The task drained the remainder of his strength. No sooner did he begin to relax when the panic onslaught came back with a vengeance. For the second time, he fought to stay calm. A fifth rat scurried across the floor to join in on the free meal, deciding to gnaw at Haleton’s ankle. He managed to kick it against the wall. It and the other four scurried back to rat holes.
The orb of light began to pulsate. Its smooth sides radiated different colors from one second to the next; red and green then blue. It didn’t take the orb of light long to double in size.
Haleton and Crompton watched their knife, and personal belongings levitate off the oval table. The objects hovered in the air for a short time. Slowly and silently both knives slid back into the men’s boots. Crompton’s hat dematerialized only to reappear on his head. It sat exactly how he always wore it. The coat belonging to each man materialized over their shoulders in a perfect fit. They saw their boots vanish off the table only to reappear on their feet. The bone in Haleton’s wrist realigned, knitting together. He felt no pain, only instant healing. The red drops of blood on his long-sleeved shirt and any dirt disappeared.
The orb of light grew to the size of his fist. Small arcs of light resembling fingers shot out from the sides in every direction. The light show seemed hypnotic. Haleton closed his eyes to rid the numbing feeling from his mind. Four numbers flashed into his consciousness. ‘1-8-4-9.’ His eyebrows angled to a point. He could do nothing to shake the numbers from his thoughts. While the clock counted down to zero, the numbers increased in size and intensity. They started small but quickly grew to large bold numbers the color of the midnight hour. Inside a minute, the numbers were the size of a house. He couldn’t stop his mind from fixating on the black numbers. They occupied almost his entire thought pattern.
Haleton gulped, watching the orb of light close in on the two prisoners. He looked across at Crompton for the last time. He now displayed the same satanic grin as the council of four.
Haleton’s yell sounded almost nonexistent. Using his boot, he scraped the ground in an attempt to rectify his hopelessness in making a sound. The growing orb of light swallowed virtually any noise in the dungeon. He could feel his internal temperature rising from normal to red hot. Haleton glared at the stairs. His yell sounded no louder than a croak of a whisper.
“Rose-a-lee, I’m innocent. Come back and save me.”
Haleton knew it wouldn’t be long until his heart malfunctioned, seconds later he’d be dead, so too would be his dream of becoming a doctor and a fine surgeon. He only ever wanted to cure the sick and feel the love of a woman.
Haleton’s body temperature suddenly plummeted. He felt cold shivers burn his skin. His heart pounded against his chest time after time. He tried to think of a nice warm place, but again he couldn’t manage the feat. He pondered the fact this must be the sequence leading up to death. He stood at the door and commenced to knock. In a strange way he wondered why death hadn’t opened the door and let him enter. Why prolong his misery? Was death that cruel he’d play a taunting game?
The orb of light began to change shape. It went from round to oval. It ascended above head height and centered itself over Haleton. The large blanket size object lit up the area engulfing him. The thick heavy chains keeping him a prisoner rattled. In one violent shake they fell to the ground at his feet. For a fleeting few seconds, Haleton thought he was free. Instead, his feet were glued to the ground preventing him from running.
Particles from the net of light the orb emitted helped him to feel warm. He watched a rogue particle of light float down from the orb. More tiny particles the size of dust followed the onslaught, embedding in his hands and face.
Haleton lifted his hands. Through bulging eyes, he witnessed the beginning of the metamorphosis. His hands, arms and then his clothes were pulsating in time with the orb of light. His limbs turned transparent. Then they completely vanished.
“What magic is this?” he tried to say.
The mirror on Haleton’s right seemed to beckon him to look. He didn’t disappoint.
Haleton focused on the image staring back at him. The figure looked scared. It seemed to be half out of its mind. Surely this is only a horrid nightmare, he thought, watching the image in the mirror chuckling. He glanced across at Crompton. He too suffered the same fate. His face lost its outline. For the last time, Haleton studied the image in the mirror. He could barely recognize any features.
The image he looked at appeared distorted. Then Haleton saw it disappear.
The only thing remaining was a wisp of black smoke. In seconds, it too had vanished.



CHAPTER FOUR


England 1849AD

HALETON WALKED down the long narrow road towards a wooden jetty. The lovely aroma of food cooking in a wood fired oven blotted out the smell of the sea. A single sheet of paper caught his attention. He picked it up out of the long grass. More than half of the printed words were smudged. The date on the top right-hand corner of the sheet read: 31st October 1849AD.
“Halloween,” Haleton mumbled, looking around the area.
In the distance, he noticed an old man carrying a bag slowly limping along the road. His back looked severely bent. When the man came to a head height kerosene lamp, he stopped, refilled the empty bottle and lit the wick. A small mob of people holding la kerosene lantern approached him. They pushed the old man from their path and deliberately marched in Haleton’s direction.
A skinny black kitten looked up at Haleton through lonely eyes. Walking in circles around his legs, the cat began to purr.
“Beat it kit; I’m no good for you. Where I’m going, you can’t come.” Haleton stooped, giving the cat a back rub. He picked it up allowing the cat to muzzle against his chest. “You do have nice sweet-smelling blood for a cat.”
Haleton placed the kitten on the ground and pushed it towards a mouse hole in the side of a wooden building. He then hid in the shadow of the baker’s mill. Comparing it to the ones in the new millennium, Haleton decided the bakery belonged to a poor man. He spat at the ground, grumbling.
“The distasteful council of four certainly made my life a living hell. I thought they were joking when they forced me to drink the stinking vampire blood. Little did I know it was only the start of the curse? After entering a new year, I have exactly forty-eight hours to kill a lawless person, or I will begin again. No romance, no let-up; no getting used to my surroundings. One kill followed by a new time zone. This back and forth through time have taken its toll on my patience. I’m on ninety-eight kills. I have two more deaths and two more different time zones then I’m home free. Maybe, just maybe, there will be no more Mr. Bad Guy. Over the centuries, I have witnessed many things a normal sane person should never have had to see. How I long to be mortal. I crave for my life to be normal once again. Hopefully, soon I’ll be able to put my horrendous nightmare behind me.”
Haleton completely missed the celebrations of the new millennium. ‘Could he be so lucky as to have a second chance at attending the party of all parties? Did he dare to imagine ever meeting a nice young woman whom he could fall in love with?’ He sighed. His thoughts immediately fell on Rose-a-lee Cantala. How he loathed the woman, he loved. His unanswered question; ‘why she didn’t warn him about the council of four and what they were planning?’ still eluded him.
Haleton pulled his knife from his boot. “Rose-a-lee, if we ever meet again, I won’t be able to stop myself from ending your life.” He shook his head, cringing at the thought someone might have overheard his moaning. Too many times he’d been caught unawares by his hatred ramblings. He stared down the road at the flickering flames on the top of the long kerosene-soaked poles. They were getting closer.
Heavy footsteps were almost upon him. Haleton shrunk further into the shadows to hide. He studied an old man carrying a wine bottle. He staggered slightly as he walked. Haleton watched him slowly hobble past.
“Evening,” croaked the old man. “I’d stop for a chat, but by the time I get home, the moon will be directly above my head. I don’t like the dark.”
“You stink worse than a sewer old timer,” hissed Haleton.
“Whatever,” the man stammered. He hunched his shoulders as if trying his hardest to pick up his slow shuffling pace.
The old man eventually turned the corner, disappearing down a lane. Haleton decided to follow. He easily jumped onto the roof of the building behind the man. He trailed the old timer by walking along the leading edge. The balding man’s strides were long, deliberate; not frail as expected.
“From my bird’s eye view I can hear his heartbeat. How interesting. It was beating slowly when we spoke earlier; now it’s pumping his blood faster by the second.”
Haleton quietly slid down the side of the building to the ground. He didn’t bother to scrutinize the area or keep to the shadows like he normally did. He kept at arm’s length, copying the supposed drunken man’s style of walk. Haleton could sense trouble brewing.
One hundred yards in front of the man, at the exit to the only lane in the immediate vicinity, something scraped metal. To Haleton, the noise sounded all too familiar. Once, just for fun, he created the exact noise by scraping a knife’s sharp edge across wrought iron in an attempt to scare whoever could hear the noise.
The man’s walk slowed. In a slick move, he resumed his bent shoulder old man style, exaggerating the limp. His face changed from middle aged to a look which portrayed him to be a defenseless old homeless man who was frightened of the dark and half out of his mind.
Haleton jumped back onto the rooftop. Squatting, he watched, interested at the charade.
The noise came again, this time, a lot closer. Laughing filled the ink-colored sky. Haleton zeroed in on the voices, surmising there were at least five individuals, more than likely young males waiting to ambush the man.
“Correction,” he whispered, listening to their heartbeats. “There are six louts lying in wait to either steal from the man or to rob him of his life.” Haleton pulled his knife from its sheath hidden in his boot. He lifted it to eye level, studying the long steel blade.
The old man clutched his chest, his eyes protruding from their sockets. Gasping for air, he crumpled to the compacted dirt. The louts swarmed around the man, laughing and jostling each other. One young male ventured close, kicking the old man in the ribs. The old timer opened his eyes, managing to lunge a small knife at the closest youth. The sharp blade scraped his leg, ripping his pants. The youth retaliated by snatching the knife from the old man’s hand, thrusting the knife into his chest.
Haleton slid down the wall of the building, hissing. “Does murdering the old timer make you a real man?”
“No, it doesn’t. After you join the old fella on the ground, our newest recruit will be a fully-fledged member of our gang.”
An inked picture of a witch tattooed on both arms of the tall young man in question obviously was to help him look tough. He pointed directly at Haleton, spitting on the ground at his feet. “Prepare to meet thy maker.”
“Are you sure you want to pursue such a statement?” warned Haleton.
“Fellow gang members, we have a tough jerk in front of us. Do you all agree to sever his lifeline?”
A roar of agreement hovered in the air like a thick blanket of fog.
Haleton growled a deep throated noise. He raised his knife, flashing the tip at the lad’s nose. “This is your first and last warning, leave the area. If you don’t leave each one of you will be hurt. I only need one soul to help me on my way.”
Each gang member crouched, waiting to strike.
Hearing the old man exhale his last shallow breath a barrage of shouts came from the other end of the lane. Haleton watched the lads disperse faster than they arrived. He then switched his attention to the lynch mob bearing down on him.
“You there, leave the old man alone. Step away. Put your hands in the air.”
“My name is William Haleton. Do you have any idea what my name means?”
The lynch mob looked to be at least twenty deep. The first man pointed a sword at Haleton and yelled again.
“Yes. We have all heard of your name. Now step away from the man. If you fail to do exactly what I tell you, I will be forced to hang you from the nearest tree.”
“Don’t make me laugh. A hanging can’t stop me,” Haleton taunted. “Besides, I came to the aid of the old fella. There were six young males looking to rob the man. The lad with the tattooed arms stabbed the old man in the chest.”
The lead man glared at the accused. “Your story is highly unlikely. We’ve been watching over the area for years waiting for the time you might show your ugly face. Crime in this area has been stamped out.”
“I think you need to take stock. Look around at the supposed secure area, you will be surprised at what you find,” stated Haleton.
Focusing on Haleton’s every move the lynch mob closed in.
“You are under arrest for the death of the innocent man,” screeched a military man pointing to the corpse lying in the lane.
“In my defense, I have to plead innocent. I didn’t murder the man. If I did, I wouldn’t be here.”
“We don’t care what you have to say. We’ve read about your goings on and the curse you have in a text book. It’s been years since you drank the vampire blood. According to the rules of the ancient scroll, you must start anew.”
The lead man nodded at a short, stocky man holding a large metal net in his hands.
“The net won’t be necessary,” advised Haleton.
“We’ve been waiting a long time for you to arrive. If the rumors about you are true, you will have the steel net draped over your head and around you so tight you won’t be able to breathe, ”
“Again, I tell you there is no need to use the net. I’m a gentleman. I offer you my word I’ll come peacefully.”
“Your word has no backbone to it,” growled the leader of the posse. “Use the net. If the prisoner tries to escape, I want to see a sword cut his heart into little pieces.”
Two brave volunteers stepped forward and threw throw the net into the air. Haleton’s vampire speed helped him to easily sidestep away. Every man in the area watched it fall harmlessly to the ground. Haleton glared at each man in the group.
“Now you can escort me to the courthouse.”



CHAPTER FIVE




THE SKY appeared to be lightening on a brand-new day. News of Haleton’s capture spread faster than a fire in a storm. While Haleton remained chained, locked and guarded a crowd squashed into every crevasse of the small courthouse to watch the anticipated hanging. Each person bore their hatred stare into Haleton.
At 7:00 in the morning a man displaying a confident expression, and wearing black clothes, entered the room and marched to the front. He sat at a table directly in front of Haleton. The ruckus in the room sounded deafening.
The Judge seated at the table brought the gavel down hard. In seconds, the loud thud turned the noisy courtroom deadly quiet.
“Haleton, after hearing the evidence against you, I sentence you to hang. Knowing of the rumor, you can’t be killed; I’ve decided your preposterous words stating you are a vampire are not true. In the event I am wrong, it won’t change my decision. You will be hanged by the neck until you are dead, then your head will be severed from your shoulders,” growled the Judge.
Two men dragged Haleton into the next room, and place a noose over his head. His wrists were bound tight, and his ankles tethered together. The coarse rope scratched his skin. In a heartbeat, the scratches vanished.
In less than three minutes every seat in the viewing area had a person sitting on it. The women in the room wore the same excited expression, while the men folded their arms, looking displeased at the entire affair.
“Silence in the room. The execution will now take place.” The Judge rasped in an ice-cold voice as he looked directly at Haleton. “Are there any last words you wish to say?”
“I’d like to address each person in this room,” said Haleton.
“Be warned, everyone here is waiting to view the outcome of the hanging.”
“I’d like to announce to all who have come to witness my execution; I pursue the length of road known as Innocent Street. I am not guilty of any wrongdoing. I admit I had been following the old man. Thanks to the vampire blood flowing through my veins, I sensed he might be walking into trouble. I only wanted to help him to arrive home safe.”
A big man sitting in the front row spat at Haleton. “Enough idle talk, get on with the hanging. There ain’t no such thing as a vampire.”
“What of the young man who died not far from where the old man breathed his last?” sobbed a woman at the rear of the room. “He told me he was standing outside the door of the bakery minding his own business when he heard a noise coming from inside. He went in to investigate. The robber attacked him from behind. My son died in my arms.”
“Madam, did he describe the murderer before he closed his eyes for the last time?” asked Haleton.
“He said you were the attacker.”
“Your testimony is false. Your son couldn’t have described me. If I murdered him, I wouldn’t be here,” insisted Haleton.
“Enough delay,” chorused several men from the center of the crowd. “Hang him now.”
A stocky man standing at the side of the room picked up what looked like a black bag. Looking directly at the Judge he opened it using rock steady hands. When he saw a nod, he walked over to Haleton. He stood military style, looking more than ready to pull the bag over Haleton’s head.
“Can I have one more minute? Just thirty seconds perhaps?”
“What will a minute delay make? What is it you want?” growled the Judge.
“I’d like to feel the heat of the sun on my face one last time.”
“I’m going to deny your odd request,” growled the Judge.
“Complete this execution, my breakfast is ready,” stated the man holding the black bag.
Haleton looked at the Judge. “Please, Sir, a condemned criminal to a gentleman. Surely it’s not too much to ask to feel the sun on my face one last time?”
The man puffed out his cheeks. He rubbed the stubble on his chin, looking at the people in the room. “Very well, I’ll grant your last request. When I’m satisfied Haleton’s hands are still tied behind his back, I will order the curtain to be opened.”
The man holding the black bag stepped up and studied the knots. “He’s bound good and tight. There is no way he can get loose.”
The Judge looked at a woman standing in front of the black curtain. “Please, step to the right, dragging the material open. After you have counted to thirty close the curtain so we can complete the execution.”
“This farce has gone on long enough; the prisoner is stalling,” bellowed a man sitting in the back row. He stood and pointed at Haleton. “Get this over with.”
The Judge addressed the room by banging the gavel several times on the desktop. “Quiet each one of you. A condemned man has a right for one last request. We are not animals. A few more seconds will make no difference to the outcome.”
“What of the rumor he can disappear into another time?” spat a young woman in the front row.
“Any rumor is here-say.” The Judge re-focused on the woman clutching the black curtain. “Please, dear lady, if you’d open the curtain and count to thirty, thank you.”
The woman opened the curtain. A black cloud had drifted in front of the sun making Haleton’s face to remain in the shadow.
“So much for the rumor,” muttered the Judge. “We’ll now finalize the execution. Close the curtain.”
“Please, a few more seconds and I will feel the sunshine. It’s the least you can do,” begged Haleton.
A midnight hush fell on the room waiting for the Judge to say the final word.
Haleton switched his attention from the window to the Judge every few seconds. The sky began to lighten. He knew the sun’s lifesaving rays would be on his face in seconds. His eyes were bulging when he saw the Judge raise his hand, signaling for the curtain to be closed. Haleton strained against the ropes tethering his wrists. The bones in his forearms were at breaking point.
“Sun, come on out,” he grumbled.
Groaning from the exertion of leaning to his left, the ropes creaking under the violent force, Haleton looked at the heavens.
“If there is a God watching me struggle, make the sunshine fall on my face. Do it now.”
The Judge felt a bead of sweat form on his temple. He swiped it away as it tumbled down the side of his face. The many rows of people were beginning to fidget. Somewhere amongst the sea of faces, a man coughed. A baby cried. The Judge looked at the middle-aged woman and signaled for her to close the curtain.
“No, wait, I beg you for mercy,” yelled Haleton.
Just as the woman reached out to close the curtain, sunlight beamed through the window. Haleton’s face shone like a beacon lapping up the warmth. He closed his eyes, yelling. “I’m a shadow by day and a hunter by night.”
Not waiting for the signal to place the black bag over Haleton’s head, the executioner threw the bag over his shoulder and pulled the long wooden handle next to the trap door. The mechanism triggered the flap in the floor Haleton stood on. The wooden square opened downwards. Everyone in the room heard a thud. Haleton laughed. His shadow slipped through the noose. Each person watched in disbelief the shadow climbing the wall. Ten rows of citizens heard a laugh and saw the shadow move between the five horizontal bars covering the window. The women in the room screamed as the shadow disappeared down the outside wall.
Haleton left the upheaval back at the courthouse in his wake, deciding the next town might be easier to walk around unnoticed.
By 8:00 o’clock in the evening Haleton arrived at an outdoor party. Several people, he smiled at when he mingled amongst the few hundred guests helped him to feel welcome. His top hat and tails made him look right at home at the masquerade ball.
‘Nightfall on the evening of Halloween in 1849AD looks interesting,’ thought Haleton glancing at the full moon rising over the treetops. ‘It’s a shame I have to leave so soon. What I’d give to hold a young lady in my arms and dance all night.’
Haleton left the party and walked along a narrow dirt road. Time was fast running out. He had only two hours in which to find the next guilty person. He needed every second to make sure evil filled the victim’s, heart. He couldn’t afford another mistake. He shuddered at the thought of having to start again for the third time. Two more victims and he’d be finally free of the vampire curse.
A mid to late teen boy walked past the doorway where Haleton stood, waiting. He looked to be carrying something under his long coat. Thick English fog began to roll in from the sea. The vile smell of the remnant of fish guts in the many large fishing nets hanging up to dry filled Haleton’s nostrils.
The young man checked the area before slipping into the doorway opposite Haleton. For over a minute the lad struggled to spring the lock. After opening the door, he stepped inside the small general store, closing the door in his wake.
Haleton walked across the street. He watched the lad raiding the money drawer through the window. Crates of food, fishing gear, and material were set out ready for buyers when they shopped the next day. The young man held a brown leather bag open and scooped up handful after handful of English pounds. He looked pleased with hitting the jackpot.
Inside three minutes the young robber ventured outside, closed the door, raising his collar against the cold, moist fog and walked along the road towards the sea.
Haleton followed the robber through the back streets of England. He could hear the muffled yells from the women who were dancing with drunken males at the masquerade party. The robber kept to the shadows, never once looking over his shoulder. Haleton felt sure he’d eventually end up at the local ladies for gentlemen whorehouse.
The young man entered a lane. He squatted behind a stack of sea rotted wooden crates and began to count the loot.
“What do you think you’re doing?”
The lad looked up, standing slowly. “It’s all mine. If you act nice and leave the lane, you won’t be hurt.”
“At a guess, you have never heard of the rumors relating to William Haleton?” He stooped, pulling his knife from his long boot.



CHAPTER SIX



Melbourne Australia: 2010AD.


THE YOUNG lady hunched her shoulders reading the computer screen. She launched her chair back and stood.
“I hate these machines. Why do they always stop working at the most inappropriate time?” she yelled.
In her rush to get away from the computer, she knocked the crystal vase full of red roses from the side table. Water carried the glass fragments across the polished floorboards in a growing slick. The echo of the accident made her freeze.
Five sharp knocks on the wall made her tremble.
“Amber Cantala, are you alright?” croaked the woman’s voice from behind the thin wall. “I heard something crash.”
The young lady sidestepped to the wall. Cupping her hand around her mouth, she said in a calm voice. “I’m fine Mavis. Thank you for caring.”
“I thought you might have fallen to foul play.”
“I’m fine; I accidentally knocked the vase onto the floor.”
“I hope you don’t have friends over. You know the rules against a party. I’d have to report you to the building manager. I do like to have quiet. It’s the reason why I live in this quaint old building. The tenth floor is my lucky number.”
“I’ll try to remember.”
Amber walked into the bathroom and came back carrying the largest towel she owned, throwing it over the pond of water. Pulling her mobile phone from her pocket, she tapped ten numbers on the pad. While waiting for the person to answer she paced the floor. Facing the wall where Mrs. Mavis Croaky talked to her she growled through a locked jaw. “I’ll remember the warning, you, interfering old biddy. One day soon I’m leaving this shoebox size room on the tenth floor to begin a new life. It won’t be long before I have my medical degree. I’ll set up my private practice many miles from here. Close to the beach might be nice. You and I will never see or hear of each other again.” Scrunching her nose at the wall, she pushed her fist into the air.
“Good evening, Amber,” said a man’s voice at the other end of the phone, interrupting her one-sided argument.
“Craig Benyon, could you be a darling and come over. My computer crashed again.”
A short silence marred the phone line.
“Please! I need someone I can trust to do a good job.”
“Okay,” Craig answered in a voice that sounded completely flat. “I’ll be there in two minutes.”
Amber opened the door displaying a schoolgirl expression. “Craig thanks for coming so quick. I love the way you always come running when I call.” She kissed him on the cheek.
The young man pushed his brown hair from his face, looking directly at Amber. “It’s no bother.”
“Are you sure? You seemed to hesitate.”
“I just stepped out of the shower.”
The girl looked doubtful.
“It’s God’s honest truth.”
Craig Benyon stepped into the small apartment and walked across the room to the computer. He glanced at the roses on the floor. “What happened?”
“In my rush to ring you, I bumped the vase off the table.”
“Did Mrs. Mavis Croaky from next door bang the wall over the noise?”
“She did. I hate this building. I hate this apartment. The slightest noise I make the old woman threatens to have me evicted.”
“If she’s successful you can live at my place,” suggested Craig.
“You’re so sweet,” said Amber pretending to pinch his cheeks. She flicked her long dark hair from off her shoulders, flashing him a smile.
“Amber, I have something on my mind. I have waited ages to ask you something extremely important.”
“Speak your mind; I’m a brave girl.”
Craig fidgeted, looking around the room. He focused on the one remaining fragment of glass on the floor. He walked over and picked it up.
“Forget it. What’s on my mind isn’t important.”
“It must be, or else you wouldn’t have brought it up.”
“You should buy a good anti-virus for your computer.” Craig chuckled and settled himself at the table and readied himself to fix the computer. “I’m happy you called me. At least I get to see you every week.”
“I don’t believe for a heartbeat fixing my machine is what’s on your mind.”
Craig ignored the taunt by focusing on the monitor in front of him. Inside half an hour he’d completed the task.
“All done,” he remarked.
Amber took him by the hand, escorting him to the door. In silence, they walked to the elevator and stepped inside.
“What are you up to?” asked Craig.
“You’ll see.”
The elevator doors opened at the roof.
“Sit on the seat so we can have a heart-to-heart chat,” insisted Amber. She smiled at his sullen expression.
“You want to sit in the rain?” questioned Craig.
“Yes, I do. Up here Mrs. Croaky can’t hear our conversation.”
The pair sat on a two-person seat, looking at nothing in particular.
“Seeing how you dragged me up here, insisting we sit in the rain, you can start the talk,” said Craig fidgeting.
“Let me begin by saying you’re a great friend.”
“Before you say another word, I guess now is the correct time to say what I’ve been thinking about,” said Craig, interrupting.
“I knew you were thinking something other than my computer and only needed an opportunity to say it.”
Craig sprinted over to where a rose bush grew out of a large pot, near the building’s wall. He stooped, picking a blood red rose. He sat next to Amber grinning as he surrendered the flower.
“It is the only thing I could find on such short notice.”
Amber carefully took hold of the short stem rose. Re-focusing on Craig, she looked directly his round boyish face.
“Let’s hope old Mrs. Croaky doesn’t discover your vandalism or she’ll have your guts in a pot.”
Craig chuckled. Slipping off the seat, he downed his knee and looked up at Amber. “I know your dream is to have a private medical practice. Mine is to build computers so I can sell them to help pay for my science degree. I know they are two different worlds, two different dreams. Please, Amber, consider being my wife. There’s no hurdle higher or wide enough we can’t conquer together.”
“I sensed you were going to ask me to marry you. I can’t say yes. Out there somewhere amongst the cafés and the Melbourne nightlife, there’s a young lady waiting for you. She’s your Miss Right. It wouldn’t be fair of me to deny her a happy life. I know this might sound crazy; I have a feeling my Mr. Right isn’t far away. Our paths have yet to cross. If I pursue, a relationship between us the two-people searching for their rightful partners will be devastated.”
Tears began to flood Craig’s eyes. To hide his embarrassment, he lifted his head to view the sky. “It’s still raining,” he commented.
“Craig, I need you to look at me.”
He slowly refocused on Amber. “I want you to know from the day you moved into this building I have loved you.”
“You’ve never said,” whispered Amber.
“Not in so many words. None actually, but I hinted every chance I could.”
“Are you the one who left a red rose at my door every few days since I first moved in?” asked Amber.
“I didn’t know how to tell you they were from me, so I kept quiet. Up until today, I’ve left seventy-four roses. The one in your hand is number seventy-five.”
“I’m flattered. I honestly didn’t know. Craig, can you understand I can’t love you? It’s not you; it’s me. One day a young lady will enter your life. You’ll spoil her rotten. The person isn’t me.”
“It could be?”
Amber reached for his hand. “No, it can never be me. Please understand when I say you are the nicest, sweetest young man I’ve ever known, but it won’t be fair if you and I were together.”
“I don’t see it your way. I will always respect and treat you properly.”
“I know you will.”
“I’d always be faithful to the most attractive, perfect person in the world.”
“I believe every letter of each beautiful word you’ve spoken.”
Craig bowed his head. “I understand what you’re trying to say. Deep down I know we’re meant to be together. I’ll be waiting for the time you come knocking on my door. My light will never be switched off for you.” He looked up, leaned closer and kissed Amber on the cheek. Marching towards the stairs, he didn’t look back.
In silence, Amber watched him leave.



CHAPTER SEVEN


Melbourne 2010

HALETON SPIED a newspaper carelessly left behind at a bus stop. He sat in the dark, noting the date.

‘Thursday 15th September 2010.’

A bus rumbling along the road slowed and stopped at the bus stop. The door rattled open. For a short time, the driver glared at Haleton.
“Are you getting on?” scoffed the driver.
Haleton shook his head, refocused on the newspaper and started to read.
The driver slid from his seat. Standing in the doorway of the bus, verbal diarrhea flowed thick and fast.
Haleton slammed the newspaper on to the ground. “You, Sir, have a polluted mouth.”
“It’s been a long shift. If you didn’t want to catch a bus, don’t sit in the bus stop.” The driver pointed at Haleton’s attire, chuckling. “Top hat and tails; did your car break down on the way to a masquerade party?”
Haleton’s growl came as a terrifying low rumble. The noise lingered in the air long after the bus traveled down the road and turned left at the next intersection. Haleton stood on the road listening to the sound of the bus’s diesel engine. He muttered under his breath.
“A person’s attitude hasn’t changed since 1749AD. Attack or be attacked. Kill or be killed.”
The echo of heeled shoes rang loud in Haleton’s ears. He back stepped into the bus shelter and searched for the exact location of the noise. Sitting on the top edge of the seat, he waited patiently for the next potential victim to arrive.
The heeled shoes came slowly. Haleton fidgeted in the stagnant air. His next victim will soon be close. His mouth partially opened revealing long sharp eye teeth.
A young lady stopped and stood directly in front of the bus timetable. The information had been typed on a single sheet of paper, placed between two sheets of clear Perspex then screwed to the metal pole at head height. Haleton could smell the woman’s perfume wafting into the air. It was a strong, desirable scent. Haleton slid along the seat to get closer. She faced him. Her long dark hair glistened in the net of light from the overhead street lamp. She flashed Haleton two rows of perfectly formed white teeth. Haleton noticed her pupils were dancing. He guessed she’d just received exciting news. For a heartbeat, he wondered what it might have been.
“Do you know what time the next bus will arrive?”
The tone of the young woman’s voice seemed to mesmerize him. Haleton managed to stand, but he couldn’t move his feet. The way she looked sideways at him aroused his inner man. He forced from his mind the idea he needed to hurry to find his last victim.
“Hello,” said the young lady. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fine, thank you.”
“Do you know what time the next bus is due?”
“No. I’m positive when the vehicle arrives the driver won’t dare to drive past without picking you up.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Such an attractive young lady shouldn’t be walking about at a late hour as this. It’s not safe.”
“I needed to go for a walk to get out of my shoebox size apartment and to get away from Craig. Do you know he asked me to marry him?”
Haleton flashed her a glazed look.
“I’m sorry, of course, you don’t know. I’m Amber Cantala.” She thrust her hand towards Haleton.
“Many years ago, I knew a Rose-a-lee Cantala. She was a polite, sweet little thing. She had always been a good wife. Her husband forced her to work as a slave. What I’d give to help her get away from the man. In the secret garden at the castle wall, I told her I would take her to another land. Maybe we could have discovered an island for just the two of us. It would be a slow journey. However, the reward, in the end, would’ve been worth it. I tried to explain she needed someone who’d treat her with all the love she deserved.” Haleton looked at Amber’s pretty face. “She reminds me of you, clever to the maximum. She was a scientist. It’s a shame she didn’t see me how I wanted her to.”
Amber glared at the man. “You’re not making any sense.”
“I apologize for rambling,” said Haleton.
“I accept. I don’t know why, but I have to admit I feel drawn to you.”
“I feel the same way.”
“Any ideas?” asked Amber.
“I can’t think of a single reason. The only thing I know is in all the women I’ve come across you’d have to be the sweetest sounding; the most appealing young lady I have ever seen.”
Amber’s cheeks flushed red. “I hear the words you’re speaking. Instead of listening to what my mind is saying and run, I feel I should stay.”
“I feel I have known you all my life.”
“You didn’t say your name,” mentioned Amber.
“My name is William Haleton.” He extended his hand.
They shook hands in a business-like manner.
“Your name sounds old fashioned.”
“You don’t like it?” questioned Haleton.
“I didn’t say I hated it. Listen, don’t take my opinion the wrong way, as a matter of fact, I think your name sounds cute.”
Haleton knew deep down the young lady had an innocent heart. She certainly never did anything illegal. He needed to move on. The clock’s ticking. He didn’t have time for idle chit-chat. He took hold of her hand as if he had picked up a delicate flower made of glass.
Amber backed up her grin with a provocative expression.
Haleton couldn’t spare the time, but something about the woman intrigued him. Could it be her easy-going nature? Or was he compelled to stay in her life? Maybe this was all part of the curse. Just when he hoped to run across the finish line, the curse threw him a love curve to keep him going.
“I don’t mean to pry into your personal affairs, Miss Cantala; I have noticed your clothes are wet through.”
“I’ve never met a man so polite,” she announced.
“Again, I thank you for the compliment.”
“I asked my friend Craig to follow me to the roof of the building where I live. I made him sit in the rain on a seat built for two. I sensed he wanted to say something important but was too shy to say. After a while, I convinced him to talk. Craig downed his knee in a puddle of water. I thought it a lovely gesture, highly romantic.”
“Did you say yes or no?”
Amber looked at Haleton displaying a coy expression. “What do you think, William?”
“I think you might have said no.”
“You’re right on the money,” advised Amber.
“Why did you say no?”
A second bus rumbled to a stop. Amber and Haleton got on. Amber paid for her ticket then walked towards the second last row. When Haleton stepped onto the bus seven overhead fluorescent tubes blew, plunging the seats into darkness. In the ruckus, he slipped past the ticket machine and caught up to Amber.
“Sorry, folks the lights must have blown a fuse. You’ll have to ride in the dark,” explained the bus driver.
“You haven’t answered my question,” said Haleton, sliding onto the seat next to Amber.
“I told Craig somewhere out in the world there is a Miss Right waiting for him.”
“Is there a Mr. Right out there for you?”
Amber looked out of the window, whispering. “I hope so.”
When the bus stopped to pick up passengers ten minutes from where Haleton first met Amber, he followed her off the bus. Before she could strike up a new conversation, he bid her a good night.
Haleton watched her walk back the way they came. Almost immediately he saw a black shadow moving slowly along the wall of the building. He watched the figure crossing the road to keep pace with Amber.
Under his breath, Haleton hissed at his final victim.
“Hey, wiry built man, you’re so predictable in shadowing the young lady I can almost hear your evil mind swinging into action. I can certainly hear your heart pounding. The only thought you are entertaining is; you want the small bag hanging off Amber’s shoulder, steal a few dollars so you can buy drugs. What’s different about this year to any other year which has come and gone over the last two-hundred years? nothing, nothing at all.”
The vampire blood raging through Haleton’s body flowed faster. The urge to protect the girl from the creep across the street surged through his body. He hadn’t felt the feeling in a long time. Could it be he might have fallen in love or was his body preparing him to be a mortal again? He’d forgotten how both feelings felt.
Haleton darted across the street. At a safe distance, he slipped into synchronization with the man, well aware the entire scene might be a trap.
“Who cares, I can’t die,” he mumbled. “The words, sworn, to me after my capture and when I was forced to drink the vampire blood still haunt me. Stay too long; the hunter will be the hunted.”
For a short time, Haleton’s thoughts wandered. He pondered; how many more vampires roamed the Earth? How successful were Rose-a-lee Cantala and the council of four in turning mortal humans into vampires? If they met, would they be on his side or his enemies?
Amber turned down a dark lane, picking up her pace. The wiry built man followed soon after.
The trap was set.
Haleton entered the lane. He heard a flick-knife blade extend. If the young robber only wanted to steal from Amber Cantala, why did he have murder on his mind?
Haleton’s vampire fangs quickly grew. Silently, he cat-leapt high above the attacker. He clung to a down pipe, viewing the scene below him. The thug smelled of murder. Other gang members closed in.
Haleton decided to wait before springing into action. He knew their pattern. First, the louts would taunt Amber to unnerve her. Next, they’d surround her and slowly tighten the circle. They’d jostle each other waiting for the murder to take place. The leader was the only one who had the authority and the privilege of extinguishing her life flame.
Haleton couldn’t afford to intervene until he made sure she’d be a victim. The smell of freedom from the curse grew steadily stronger. One mistake and he’d be at the beginning again. The thought was incomprehensible.
“Girlie, come closer to us,” called the stocky gang leader. “We want to smell the perfume clinging to every strand of hair on your pretty little head.”
“Stay away from me,” Amber screamed.
“You look cold and wet. Come closer; I’ll help you to feel warm.”
“Correction, we’ll all take it in turns to warm you,” stated one of the gang members stepping next to the leader.
Each member of the gang burst into laughter when the leader punched him in the shoulder.
Amber’s eyes exposed how she must have felt. She feared for her life. Her eyes were protruding to the point of bursting from their sockets.
“Come to me for a good time,” jeered the gang leader, opening his arms.
“Please, stay away. I have no money. Please, I beg you, leave me be.” Amber back stepped away from the group. Her heel hit a wooden pallet causing her to fall. She hit the ground backside first.
The gang members grinned at each other. They sprinted towards Amber laughing satanically. Hovering over her they showed no remorse for their actions. The leader held out his hand as if he wanted to help Amber to her feet. She took his hand. For a few seconds, she stood trembling then crumbled into a heap on the ground.
After being half carried, and half dragged towards the elevator in the nearest building, the group stroked Amber’s hair, waiting for the elevator car to arrive.
“This thing will be a great trophy,” announced the largest member of the gang. “At sunrise; we’ll be able to say the tail end of the night more than made up for the boring start.”
The elevator doors opened on the unfinished seventh floor. Small shallow puddles of water pooled the large area. The group walked across the floor to the open windows. They looked at the ground far below. The updraft of wind ruffled the leader’s long mouse-colored hair.
Haleton followed the gang’s every move. He felt hungry for blood. The gang of youths placed the girl face-up on the dirt covered floor. One of the boys straddled her. He squatted, tapping her cheek. Amber’s eyelids fluttered open. When she realized what they were up to a blood-curdling scream flowed over her lips.
The gang members jostled each other, waiting for their turn.
“I think we should fight for the privilege of going first,” jeered the weasel of a youth.
For his comment, one of his so-called friends pushed him into a puddle of water. The other gang members laughed cynically at his clumsiness.
Haleton stepped from the shadows, tapping the largest youth on the shoulder.
“Where did you come from?” growled the leader.
Haleton ignored the question. “I think the skinny weasel has a valid point. There should be an arm wrestle to see who has the right to be first.”
The leader shoved a fist into the air. “I am the elected leader of the gang; I always go first.”
Haleton grabbed the teenager by the collar, flinging him effortlessly through the air to the other side of the building. Three other boys crumpled next to him. They resembled a pile of wet disused rags. They slowly untangled themselves and nursed their broken bones.
Haleton tapped the last youth on the shoulder. The weasel swung a white-knuckled fist. Haleton jumped back.
The youth seized the minute, and, reaching out, grabbed hold of Amber by the collar, dragging her to the window. “You want a piece of me?”
“It could be arranged,” hissed Haleton.
“Can you catch the girl at the same time?”
“I doubt you have the strength to lift the girl into the air or brave enough to push her over the edge.”
“I’ll prove my worth. The death of this girl will clench the idea I’m the best one to govern the gang.”
Amber lifted her hand, managing to slap the young man across the face. He pushed hard against her shoulders. She overbalanced. Her stomach smacked the window frame, knocking the wind out of her lungs. Clinging to the ledge, staring at the ground she screamed at the top of her lungs. The young man readied himself for the fatal push.
“Are you sure you want to go so far?” questioned Haleton. “Your fellow gang members are hobbling over.”
“Don’t kill the girl,” begged the largest gang member.
“You said it’ll be fun,” jeered the young man.
“Forget what I said. The girl doesn’t deserve to die.”
The skinny youth glared at the team leader. After yelling something inaudible, he pushed Amber out the window.
In the time, it takes lightning to fork across the sky, Haleton dived out of the window, easily catching Amber by the ankle. He jerked her back, holding her firmly in his arm.
The ground came up fast. Haleton grabbed hold of the second-floor window ledge. He didn’t grimace at the superhuman effort. Using his head, he shattered the glass window, jumped through the square hole and gently stroked the young lady’s cheek. He pushed the wet hair from her face, looking at her eyes. He felt captivated by the tanned color of her skin. He noticed the jugular vein on the side of her neck protruding slightly. He could smell her blood pumping through her veins at speed. Haleton leaned forward. His lips brushed her neck. He wanted to taste her but needed to fight the urge to have a bite. He shook his head violently in an attempt to rid himself of the torment.
Haleton placed Amber gently on her feet, sighed and walked off.
Amber managed to whisper. “Where do you think, you’re going?”
Haleton froze in mid-step. He turned and looked directly at Amber. She stood looking at him with a glazed look in her eyes. He spoke to her in a deep, sincere voice. His tone sounded, calming, almost hypnotic.
“I’ll return in one minute. I have some unfinished business to take care of.”
“There is no way you should have been able to save me. How did you do it? Are you a magician?”
“No.”
The molester sprinted down the makeshift stairs and ran across the large room towards Haleton. “Leave, you’re not welcome at this two-some party.”
Haleton looked sideways at the man. “I believe it is you who should leave while you are still breathing.” He knew far too well he should have been the one to leave. He had plenty of time remaining to find him later. The minute the young man’s life expired he’d be finally free of the vampire curse. The likelihood of ever seeing Amber again was remote at best. He couldn’t be sure if it were even possible. But something seemed to compel him to stay. He wanted to discover the reason.
Sirens wailed louder. Blue and red flashing lights flooded the area. The walls of the partially completed building looked like disco lights which flooded the fashionable 1970’s era. Haleton gave the molester his undivided attention. His fingers beckoned the teenager closer, taunting him into attacking.
The teenager retaliated by showing off a flick knife. Its blade glistened in the dancing police lights. “Come over; I’m more than ready to cut you in half.”
Amber glared at the young man through slits. She showed guts by stepping between the two men. “Mitch, stay away.”
The young skinny man holding the flick knife grinned. “Lucky for you I’m a nice guy.”
“Do you know this creep?” questioned Haleton.
“Sadly, yes. He always acted like a well-mannered man right up to the time he joined the gang,” answered Amber.
“We are a good batch of blokes. We rid the streets of bad dudes like this one,” yelled Mitch, pointing the flick knife at Haleton.
“You terrorized the young lady and threw her from the seventh floor.”
“I didn’t want to see her hurt. I just want the gang to accept me.”
“The death of an innocent woman is a strange way of showing how much you care,” hissed Haleton.
“I’ve seen your ugly face enough. Do yourself a favor, get out of the area. Go join your fancy dress party.”
“If I thought your idea sounded humorous, I’d laugh.” Haleton created a deep-throated growl. “If I gave you my worst, you’d be dead.”
“Mighty big words,” jeered Mitch.
“You look as though you’d never give a second thought if the young lady died?”
“Do us both a favor; disappear old man.”
“What you want is not possible. If it makes you feel better, try to make me.”
The remaining gang members slowly hobbled down the stairs. They stood in a tight group ready to watch the fight.
Mitch pulled a small handgun from his back pocket. As he pointed it directly at Haleton, his smirk made him look evil. “Who’s the scared one now? Old man, I’ll give you three seconds to drop to your knees. I want you to understand you’re a defeated foe. If you refuse to do exactly what I said, I’ll deliver a bullet into your heart.”
“Hey, Mitch this ain’t part of the gang deal we live by,” shouted one of the gang members. He pointed at the gun. “Cough up the revolver. You know the rules of the leader; no guns.”
Mitch glared at him, sidestepping away. The other members ran back upstairs leaving only one.
“Mitch put the gun down. Murder ain’t worth it,” explained the leader, leaning casually against the wall. “If I, could I would come over and use my fist to break your nose.”
“Jake, you can be a chicken too. Go join the others. This old dude is going out the window feet first,” spat Mitch.
Seeing the police fanning out across the unfinished second floor, Amber began to shuffle away.
“Everyone freeze,” ordered the closest cop. “You, holding the gun, don’t be a hero, put the weapon on the ground.”
Mitch glared at the cop. “The man wearing the fancy hat attacked my girlfriend.”
“Son, I won’t tell you again, put the gun on the floor.”
“If I do, the old man is likely to break my neck.”
“He won’t move. I’ve got you covered.”
Mitch leveled his gun directly at Haleton’s heart.
“You should do as the officer has said.”
“Shut up. I need to think,” spat Mitch.
The leader of the gang slid along the wall until he spied a big cop shaking his head. “Mitch, do what the cop says.”
Haleton raised his hands and slowly stepped closer.
“You’re close enough. I want you and hero boy lying on the ground,” barked the cop.
“Drop to your knees, or I’ll give it to you right now.” Mitch glared at Haleton. “This is your last warning.” He clicked the revolver’s safety off. “You’ve got guts mate. You don’t even look nervous.”
“Amber, don’t be afraid. I’ll protect you come what may,” said Haleton.
“I don’t feel good. It must be the shock,” she managed to whisper.
“You can’t protect anyone. Look around; I hold all the marbles. If you can’t understand what I mean, take a long hard look at the barrel of my gun. The bullet in the chamber has your name on it.”
“Son, don’t be a fool, put the gun down,” instructed the uniformed cop. He looked ready to shoot if the stalemate came to an abrupt end.
Haleton remained standing square to Mitch. He knew he could easily overpower him, but there were too many uniform witnesses. By the time, he got through explaining to the cops; they’d have him in a straight-jacket and committed to the insane institution.
Mitch locked his wrist and pulled the trigger. The bullet entered Haleton’s, heart. He closed his eyes and fell back against the wall, crumpling to the concrete floor in a sitting position. His head fell forward onto his chest.
Two police charged at Mitch, wrestling him to the ground. They quickly handcuffed him and dragged the lad to a standing position. After a clip behind the left ear and a shove on the shoulder, they escorted him from the building.
“The ambulance and the coroner have already been called,” reported a rookie cop, viewing the gruesome scene. “The other gang members have been handcuffed. I don’t think an interview is possible. They are all in shock.”
The Sergeant in charge of the group turned his attention to Amber and squatted. “Miss, what’s your name?”
Amber looked at nothing in particular. Eventually she looked at Haleton slumped against the wall. Her statement came as a mere whisper. “I don’t understand.”
“What don’t you understand?” asked the cop.
“I don’t understand,” she said again.
The Sergeant stood when he saw the ambulance officers marching over. They gave Amber a cursory medical checkup and bundled her onto a long trolley with wheels.
“The young lady seems out of it; we’ll take her to the hospital,” advised the ambulance officer.
The Sergeant commenced pacing the floor. He waited for the elevator doors to close before lighting a cigarette. He walked over to Haleton and stared at the corpse.
“Poor fella; I reckon he only wanted to help the girl. I believe he could’ve been innocent.”
The rookie cop walked over and folded his arms. “The coroner will be here in a few minutes. They’ll take the trash to the morgue.”
“Don’t you have anything better to do?” blurted the Sergeant. He finished his cigarette by blowing smoke into the face of the rookie and throwing the butt on the concrete floor next to Haleton.
“No, I don’t.”
“Find something to do.”
The rookie scooted off towards the elevator and started to write his report.
Haleton opened his eyes. His voice came as a whisper. “Sergeant, which hospital did they take the young lady to?”
The cop’s eyes popped almost out of their sockets. His mouth opened, but his words were drowned in the gargle of his saliva.
Haleton stood and looked at the cop eye to eye. “I don’t mean to shock you. Please, I must know if she’s alright.”
“Don’t twitch a muscle. Arrest this man,” yelled the Sergeant. He pulled his gun, pointing it directly at Haleton’s chest.
“I’m fine thanks. What is the name of the hospital Amber was taken to and in which direction is the building?”
The rookie cop looked over his shoulder. His face immediately drained of color. “How can this be? You have a bullet hole in your heart?”
A middle-aged cop stepped over, handcuffing Haleton. “We need to have a chat down at the police station.”
“What sort of chat?”
“A friendly chat to explain the magical trick on how the bullet bounced off your chest.”
“The bullet missed,” explained Haleton.
The Sergeant grabbed hold of his shirt, pulling at the hole directly over his heart. “Do you want to change your story?”
“First thing which needs explaining is why you didn’t answer my question?”
“Quit talking, or things will get steadily worse for you. Faking a fatal gunshot wound is a serious offense.”
“What about the answer to my question?” Haleton asked.
“I don’t recall you asking anything.”
Haleton rolled his eyes. “I asked you where they took Amber Cantala.”
“Who are you talking about?”
“The young lady the ambulance took to the hospital.”
“She must have slipped out of the building when all the commotion erupted. Take this hero away,” growled the Sergeant. He reached for another cigarette. “I’ll be at Police Headquarters soon after you arrive. We’ll get to the bottom of this mess one way or the other.”



CHAPTER EIGHT



THE COPS marched Haleton down the short corridor that boasted four doors, two on each side and herded into the first room. The jab of a rock-hard fist to the left shoulder blade helped him to sit on a chair. The door remained open. A tall detective guarded the entrance. His square jaw and dark beady eyes showed he wasn’t in the mood for games.
“Have you been through a rough night?”
The cop sitting opposite Haleton grunted, extracted a cigarette, lighting the end. “I suppose you want one?”
“No thanks. Smoking is bad for one’s health. What I’d like to say is; thanks for agreeing to my odd request of having the lights in the corridor and to this room turned off well in advance of our arrival.”
The cop grunted again. “What’s your game?”
“I’m not playing a game.”
“Playing dead is an offense.”
“Is it?”
“Don’t waste my time. Admit your guilt so we can move on. You have already stated on the way here the lights in this building hurt your eyes. If I, were you, I’d spill my guts and quick. The senior detective will be here in five minutes. He won’t be as understanding as me. For one thing, he prefers to have the lights on.” The man exhaled a lung full of smoke into Haleton’s face.
“I apologize,” said Haleton.
The detective leaned forward in his chair. “For what? Speak up I want the recording to be crystal clear.”
“I’m sorry for faking my death.”
“What’s your name?”
“I’ve been called lots of names over the years. Which one would you prefer?”
“The name recorded on your birth certificate. It’s the one your mother gave you.”
“William Haleton.”
The tone in the Detective’s voice sounded droll. “Middle name?”
“I don’t have one,” answered Haleton.
“Let’s say I believe you. What are some of the other names you go by?”
“Is there a need to know them?”
“I might want the computer to cross reference any other names.”
“I have been called the Hunter; Vamps; Hunter of the night; Shadow by day, hunter by night; the man who never sleeps or eats.”
The detective signaled a stop. “Let’s back-track. You say you’re a hunter?”
“Correct.”
“What do you hunt?”
“I can see where this is leading. You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.” Haleton handed over the handcuffs that tethered his wrists. “They’re a present. The cuffs were digging into my flesh. Let’s move on to more exciting questions like, where did the ambulance take Amber Cantala?”
“The hospital I guess,” the detective answered.
“Which one?” Haleton probed.
“The closest hospital from where we picked her up. What’s the Goss on the attack?”
“I happened to be in the right place at the right time.”
“I’d say wrong place at the wrong time,” suggested the detective. “Tell me something, what is the girl to you?”
Haleton shook his head. “She’s no one special.”
“If you’re telling the truth, why are you so interested in the young lady?”
“She has an aura around her.”
The detective inhaled more of his cigarette and again blew smoke into the air. He leaned back in his chair. “Tell me something intelligent.”
“Like what?”
“Who is she to you?”
“I told you, she’s no one special.”
“Why are you dressed in a seventeenth-century costume? Did you and the girl come from a fancy-dress party? Is it where you two met?”
“Nothing could be further from the truth.”
“I’ll give you a few minutes alone to think through your answers. I’m sure when I return, and the senior detective walks into the room behind me your story will have changed. Keep this warning in mind. If your answers stay the same, there’s going to be a lot of trouble.” The detective stood glaring at Haleton. He shook his head, marching towards the door.
“Please, before you go, I need you to tell me the name of the hospital.”
“Don’t go away. I’ll be right back.”
“I won’t be here when you return.”
At the door, the detective collected the second detective on guard duty. Both stepped into the corridor at the same time. A rookie cop walking past was stopped.
“I need you to stand guard. I don’t want anyone in or out of this room except me.”
The rookie cop closed the door and stood at attention in the middle of the doorway facing the corridor.
Haleton quietly walked to the window. He pushed it open slightly then walked across the room to the door. He casually flicked the light switch on. His body instantly dematerialized into a shadow. Floating across the room to the window, he easily drifted between the bars and into the world outside.



CHAPTER NINE



THE SUN looked about to burst through the grey dawn. Being a shadow made it easy for Haleton to escape the police complex. He headed south to an overpass. Under the bridge, he materialized. Spying a pair of male joggers, he quickly estimated inside a minute they’d be close enough to ask directions. Before finding Mitch again or a new victim, Haleton needed to talk to Amber.
The joggers rounded a bend and ran towards the bridge. Haleton called out when they were close.
“Do either of you know where the nearest hospital is?”
Both men looked annoyed at having to stop. One decided to keep jogging on the spot while the other told cursory directions.
“Down this road, turn left at the third corner and follow the road. It’s the ten-storey building directly ahead.”
“How long will it take to walk there?” Haleton asked.
“We could jog there in nine minutes. By the look of you, I’d say you’d call an ambulance at the halfway point. Tell me something, have you come from a fancy-dress party?”
Haleton shook his head, made a flippant hand gesture then watched the men jog away laughing at the clothes he wore.
Haleton’s vampire blood almost got the better of him. He ran after the men, but the sunlight forced him to float above the ground. He turned and headed towards the hospital.
‘Dematerializing into a shadow did have its advantages,’ he thought, making a beeline for the building. In less than a minute he arrived.
Haleton surveyed the area. He spied a small truck being driven through an open gate. “A local delivery, perfect,” he whispered.
Haleton clung to the rear of the truck as the driver steered the truck towards the kitchen. When he jumped onto the loading dock he marched towards the semi-darkened corridor. Haleton materialized, pulled a small black disc from his pocket, pushing the button on the side which caused the overhead lights to blow. He shouldered the heavy plastic doors and marched towards the elevator. He spied a row of long-stem roses in buckets. He swiped up a flower and placed it inside his coat.
A bell at the other end of the corridor shrilled. The elevator door opened. After stepping into the elevator car, Haleton again clicked the button on his small disc. The interior light went out. He reached out, pressing the ground floor button. He glanced at the woman kitchen worker standing at the rear of the elevator car.
She returned a nervous look.
Haleton faced the door waiting for it to open. His thoughts drifted back to when he found the small black disc in the trash in the year 2109AD. The find was a God’s send. Totally illegal, but, it had served him many times. Pushing the button on the disc sends an electronic pulse which blows the lights.
The hospital’s general inquiries area looked busier than a grand ballroom filled with dancers. People were sitting on chairs in rows talking above each other, trying their best to be heard. The receptionist behind the glass Administration window sat massaging her forehead in a feeble attempt to get rid of her headache. Haleton stepped out of the elevator. Every overhead light made a popping sound when they blew, plunging the area into darkness.
Screams filled the emergency department.
Haleton stepped up to the small glass window. For a long time, he watched the woman hoping she might look up.
She never did.
“My name is William. I want to find the young lady the ambulance officers brought in not too long ago? She is a nineteen-year-old brunette. Is there any chance you might be able to locate her?”
“Sir, please sit down. When the lights come on, I’ll help you.”
“Please, I need you to help me right now.”
“I can tell by the way you’re glaring at me you won’t leave until I help you?”
“Exactly.”
“I need a name.”
“Yes of course you do. There’s a problem; I don’t know it.” Haleton lied through his teeth hoping he sounded genuine in the misleading information. He didn’t want the cops to arrive, throwing panic into the mix. He didn’t care too much over the ruckus he caused; he only cared how much time he’d waste.
“Sir, please sit down. When you remember the girl’s name come back, preferably when the lights come back on.”
“I don’t want to be any trouble. Surely you could look up the new arrivals?”
“Mister, don’t give me any grief.”
“When you tell me the information I’ll be out of here.”
“Look, Sir, I have had a bad shift. It’s bedlam in here. Come back when you discover her name.”
“Her last name is Shine. Amanda Shine,” Haleton lied.
“Now you remember!”
Haleton read the new arrival sheet upside down; grateful the names on the sheet were typed in alphabetical order.
“According to this sheet, I don’t have anyone by the name you mentioned. She might be at a different hospital.”
Haleton said genuinely. “Please, if you could check one more time, I’d be most grateful.”
The woman groaned and ran her finger down the ten new patient names. By the time the woman spoke Haleton already found Amber’s room number.
“Nope, sorry,” replied the woman, looking up.
“Thanks for your time,” whispered Haleton. He walked off down the corridor, stepped into the elevator car and pressed the second-floor button.
“Room twenty-two is behind you,” said a woman who reeked of authority. She momentarily stopped searching in the dark for a torch in a drawer next to the computer at the nurse’s station on the second floor. “I’m sure the young lady will love a visitor even if your presence is only to reassure her. You’re the first. Her room isn’t affected by the unexplained blackout, yet. I do apologize for the lack of lighting. No one seems to know what’s happened. My guess is it has to be a power surge.”
“No problem.” Haleton bid the woman a good day and strolled over to Amber’s room.
Inside the room, the overhead fluorescent tubes were still burning bright. Sunlight streamed in through the wall to ceiling window. Haleton pushed the button on the black disc. The light blew. He dematerialized into a shadow and slowly floated across the ceiling, viewing the sleeping woman in the bed. In the shadow of the heavy curtain hanging over the window he materialized and pulled the drawstring to block out the sun.
The room plunged into semi-darkness. Haleton quietly walked to the foot of the bed. Focusing on Amber, he could feel love pangs surging through his body. Frowning at the emotion, he stepped to the side of the bed. Haleton could smell Amber’s sweet blood pumping through her veins by a strong, healthy heart. Already his mind slipped into fantasy thoughts of how the red liquid might taste. He needed to fight if he wanted to control the urge to taste her.
Amber stirred. Her eyelids fluttered open.
Not wanting to alarm Amber, Haleton talked in a gentle voice.
“Hi there young lady, it’s about time you woke. Don’t be nervous I’m a friend.”
“William, I saw you shot. If you’re not a ghost how come you aren’t dead?”
“It takes a while to explain. Can I say at this time, he missed?”
“I’m not sure I believe you or ever will.”
“I’ll explain everything at a later date.”
“Why is it so dark in here?”
“The lights have gone out,” stated Haleton innocently.
“I’d like to see the daylight. Can you please open the curtains?”
“I have to insist they remain closed for now.”
“You’re a strange man. There’s something or a force pulling me towards you. It’s hard to explain. It’s like I know I should be afraid to talk to you, yet at the same time, I feel I should accept you for a friend whom I can trust with my life.”
“Thank you for the compliment.” Haleton looked at the door. “Someone is coming. I have to leave.”
“Do you have to go right now?”
“Yes, it’s important I do. I promise we’ll catch up again, soon.” He produced the long stem flower hidden inside his coat, placing it on the bed at Amber’s fingertips.
She picked it up, breathing its sweet perfumed aroma. “A red rose. It’s the biggest flower I’ve ever seen. Thank you.”
Haleton reached for Amber’s hand and kissed her knuckles. “The flower is a blood red rose.”
Noise outside the door saw Haleton at the window in a heartbeat. He didn’t want to leave. The vampire urges were slowing. Love and compassion were again taking control. Both were his original traits he valued. He kept them guarded so he’d never forget who he is. He displayed a long seductive expression as he touched the brim of his hat. Amber responded by angling her eyebrows to a point.
“Until we meet again,” Haleton whispered. He opened the long heavy block out curtains. Sunlight filled the room. In a blink of an eye, he vanished.
A nurse stepped into the room. “There’s nothing to be alarmed about; the maintenance man is on site. He told me the lights would be on soon. How are you feeling Miss Cantala?”
“I’m fine.”
“The doctor will be here shortly. If he says you can go, I’ll arrange the discharge papers. Is there anyone I can call to pick you up?”
“No, I’ll be fine. Besides, I believe the man who has just left will be waiting for me when I walk outside.”
“I didn’t see anyone.”
“He stood at the curtains just before you entered the room.”
The nurse walked to the window. With a quick swipe of her hand, she fully opened the heavy curtains. She looked outside at the warm sunlight. Seeing no one, she looked at Amber displaying a doubtful expression.
“I must have dreamt the entire thing.”
“I’m positive you did. If there isn’t anything you require, I’ll go finish reassuring the other patients,” said the nurse.
“I can manage.” With a skip in her walk, Amber watched the nurse march out of the room.



CHAPTER TEN



A BLACK shadow peeled away from the doorway when a big man walked past the shop window packed full of home-wares. The shadow immediately mimicked the big man’s movements by blending into his shadow. They walked across the street together and entered the train station. The big man stepped onto an escalator and descended to the floor below the road. In less than a minute, he stood on the platform waiting for the next train to arrive.
Haleton materialized behind the man and joined in on the wait.
When the train screeched to a stop, the man and Haleton boarded. Before they sat opposite each other the overhead light above Haleton blew. He sat in the semi-dark watching the man reading a horror paperback novel.
The train doors banged closed. It took the train a few seconds to start moving and pick up speed. The carriage they were sitting in commenced to sway from side to side. The big man housed the novel back into the side pocket of his brown leather carry case and spoke in a deep whisper.
“Are you right mate? You look a little seedy. I hope you don’t chuck. The smell of vomit in a sealed train carriage ain’t good.”
Haleton looked directly at the man. His distinct Australian accent sounded humorous.
“I’m fine. I’m only burning up time. Thanks for caring.”
“I don’t care at all mate; I just don’t want to smell vomit for the next fifteen minutes.”
Haleton decided to abscond the train at the next station. Stepping onto the platform, he dematerialized into a shadow. A truck driven slowly over the train line momentarily stopped behind the car in front. Haleton jumped onto the roof of the truck. In twelve minutes, the main entrance to the Hospital came into view. He jumped off. Using the shadow of a large tree he materialized, waiting for Amber to step from the building.
He didn’t have to wait long.
Haleton saw Amber study the front grounds of the hospital then look at her watch. He also saw her shrug a shoulder then bounced down the steps and march towards the train station. Haleton blended into the girl’s shadow as she walked. He watched her purchase a train ticket. He even stood behind her as she waited for the train. He could smell the last of the perfume she dabbed on her neck hours earlier. He could also smell the shampoo she used the last time she washed her hair. It’s tantalizing scent made his knees feel weak. Haleton could also smell the hospital on her clothes. He scrunched his nose at the sterile scent.
Amber entered the carriage closest to the engine. Haleton stepped into the carriage at the other end and sat on the last seat at the furthest point in the carriage. The shadow of the person he sat next to helped to make a perfect hiding place. Every couple of minutes Amber studied the interior of the carriage as if she sensed someone watching her every move. She’d then bow her head and close her eyes.
At 6:00pm in the afternoon, the few people riding the train got off at the next station leaving Amber to ride the train carriage alone.
As the train traveled under a bridge Haleton materialized. He quickly pushed the button on the black disc. The carriage plunged into semi-darkness. He walked the length of the carriage and stood in the shadow of the wall. He cleared his throat ready to announce his presence.
“Hi, there, we meet again.”
Amber immediately looked up. “William, hi, I thought you would’ve been waiting for me at the hospital?”
“I have been waiting. I see you’re carrying the red rose I gave you.”
“A blood red rose,” she corrected, muffling a giggle.
“Yes, it is. May I have your permission to sit next to you?”
Amber palmed her hand at the next seat. “It’s nice of you to give me the flower.”
“Thank you for accepting it.”
“Tell me, if you were waiting for me at the hospital why didn’t I see you?”
“The last of the day’s sunlight happened to be still shining.”
“Your reply sounds too much like a riddle. I’m tired. I haven’t the strength to figure it out. Do you want to enlighten me?”
“Not at this moment in time. To disperse your anger, I will explain everything to you.”
“Good. Start confessing.”
“Not here. You deserve a nice quiet place. It’ll help you to absorb the entire information.”
Haleton fell into a trance, looking directly at Amber’s eyes. His mind flashed back to when he visited her in the hospital room. Standing in the dark at the foot of her bed, smelling her sweet blood while her heart pumped the scent around her body, he did everything he could to stop from lunging at her. Now here she sat on the same seat using a rigid posture. He needed to control himself yet again. If he took her life, he’d never be free of the wretched curse, or for that matter, fall in love with possibly the only woman he might ever feel connected to. He’d come so close to freedom he didn’t want to make a fatal mistake. Haleton didn’t have much time remaining. He knew he must find Mitch for the last remaining kill.
“What on Earth are you thinking about?”
With a natural smile, Haleton focused his entire attention on Amber. “Giving you, the red rose was no bother.”
“You’ve picked a strange opening line for a confession.”
“I’m not sure where to begin.”
Haleton studied Amber’s shiny brown eyes. He could hear her heart pounding faster. He wondered if it were possible, she may have feelings for him.
“Thanks for visiting me in the hospital.”
“Again, it’s no bother.”
Amber’s eyebrows angled to a point. “How is it possible you’re alive when I saw the bullet hole in your shirt? It was an accurate shot to the heart. I also want you to explain how the bullet hole in your shirt is gone?”
Haleton looked over Amber’s shoulder at the blurred scenery whizzing past the train. “I have yet to mention your name matches your pretty face.”
“Thank you for the compliment.” Amber’s cheeks instantly flushed red.
“I apologize I didn’t mean to embarrass you.”
“I know you’re skirting the question I just asked.”
“Yes, I am. It is part of my explanation which is forthcoming.”
“When you choose how to relay your explanation, I’d like you to add how you saved me from the fall?”
“It was no mean trick.”
“I’ve come to the conclusion you must be a magician who preys on young ladies?”
“No, I’m not a magician and I certainly don’t prey on pretty girls.”
“I think you should quickly explain everything to me.”
Haleton’s long sigh ended in a moan. “A train carriage is not the ideal place to talk. Seeing how we are alone, I think I owe you at least a partial explanation.”
Amber sat crossed legged and folded her arms. “I’m waiting. It needs to be good and believable. If your story isn’t, we’ll never see each other again.”
Haleton’s smile faded; replaced by an ice-cold expression. “I knew before I dived out of the window after you, scaffolding had been erected directly underneath. I caught you just in time.”
“I’m not sure if that washes, but it will do for now.”
“The teenager who attacked you; was he your boyfriend?” asked Haleton.
“He’s my ex-boyfriend. I’ve told him for weeks over the reason why I never want to see him again. He’s so obsessive it’s not a joke anymore. Where ever I go, I feel he’s spying on me.”
“If nothing else I’m glad to have helped you. Soon the lad won’t be any more trouble.”
The train pulled into a station, jolting to a sudden stop. Five mid to late male teenagers full of testosterone boarded. Each one licked their lips when they saw Amber. One brave lad walked over and sat opposite her.
“Nice night,” he said.
Haleton didn’t comment.
“I said it’s a nice night,” yelled the lad, seeing his mates marching towards him.
“We don’t want trouble,” suggested Amber.
The group snickered. “Girl, you smell very nice. Let’s all walk to the other end of the carriage so we can have a good time.”
Haleton stood square to the group.
“Are you looking for a fight?” questioned the first boy, coiling his fingers into tight fists.
“What’s your name son?”
“Shove off. I’m not your son. I’m going to get me some action by having a piece of the girl.”
“I’d repeat my question, but I believe you won’t answer. You’re the one looking for a fight. By my reckoning, you won’t stop until you find it.”
“You got it in one, old buddy.”
“My name’s Haleton.”
“Name’s Lion,” spat the boy.
“I suggest you and your friends leave this carriage at the next stop.”
“Who’s going to make us?”
“Lion, I’ll be the one,” suggested Haleton.
Amber shrunk deeper into the seat. After what she’d just been through, watching another fight put her nerves on edge.
Lion produced a pocket knife. The long train slowed. When the carriage they were in stopped at the next station, Haleton moved at lightning speed. None of the boys knew where he was in any one second. When the door to the carriage opened, each member of the gang was seen sprawled on top of the other on the concrete platform five metres from the train’s door. They were moaning from bruises and sore ribs to sprained ankles and the concrete scraping across their knees and elbows.
The train door closed. The train moved away from the station, leaving Amber staring through bulging eyes at the man who single-handedly defeated five louts.
Haleton noticed Amber slumped on the seat. Her arms were limp by her sides, and her hands were palm up. He casually walked over. Extending his hand, his fingers touched her arm.
“We need to talk.”
“Get away from me.”
“Please, we need to talk.”
“I certainly don’t want to be anywhere close to you. Leave me alone.” Amber’s voice sounded dry, almost hostile.
“Amber, whatever your thoughts are, they’re wrong.”
“You don’t have a clue what I’m thinking.”
“I can guess.”
“I don’t care if I never see you again. At the next station, I’m getting off the train. Be warned; you won’t.”
“I’m someone you can trust,” announced Haleton.
“I doubt it,” she growled.
“Please, you asked for an explanation. I think you owe me at least five minutes to explain.”
“Who are you?”
“Before I answer, I need you to have an open mind.”
Amber started to tremble. Her face drained of color. She pulled her knees up to her chin to hide her head behind her legs. Haleton knew the meaning of her white face.
‘Maybe it’s for the best,’ he thought. ‘Maybe if he pushed a little harder, she would faint.’
Haleton could hear her heart pounding out of control. Its melody sounded pitch perfect. The sound stirred and quickened his entire body to the core. It had been too long since he held a woman in a loving embrace. He couldn’t wait for his killing days to be over. He thought back to the time when the council of four forced him to consume the vampire blood. He felt helplessness waiting for the mosquito to bite into his flesh. It’s an insane curse. One he had to endure whether he liked it or not. He still couldn’t understand why the council of four never listened to his pleas for clemency, of his innocence. If Alex Crompton ever crossed his path, he’d certainly stand up to the man. He wanted to fight and kill him for ruining his life. Over the many centuries, he had wandered the planet and country after country watching mortals discover the continents. Then he was a spectator to the inevitable world wars and the rich businessmen as they made their millions, only to lose their wealth in the great depression of the 1930’s. He quickly decided man’s nature remained barbaric to the bone. To top it all he’d lived three lifetimes of long lonely nights without a woman in his arms. He certainly needed someone special he could hold, love and cherish for the remainder of his days.
Amber’s eyes were glassy. They rolled back as she fainted. Haleton scooped her up like a rag doll and walked towards the doorway.
“Is the girl okay?” asked a young railway employee.
Haleton barred his vampire teeth, hissing his reply.
The young man raised his hands. He quickly gave Haleton room by backing away.
Haleton easily jumped the two-metre-high wire fence. Leaving a small dust cloud behind, he sprinted to the nearest building. He hesitated only long enough to count the number of floors to the top.
There were thirty.
Gripping the girl around the waist, he ran vertically up the outside wall to the roof. The entire exercise took less than ten seconds.
Haleton gently sat Amber on the concrete roof, placing her back against the low wall. He side stepped and looked down on the people walking past. They reminded him of ants he could easily squash.
Amber started to stir. Haleton switched his attention from the road to Amber. He knew he was already hopelessly in love. He needed to keep it a secret. He certainly didn’t want the feeling to betray him too early. He must tread on eggshells. To explain his past life will undoubtedly unnerve the girl. The information could take her to the edge of the cliff in her mind. He didn’t want her to jump into the world full of doubt. A person’s mind is a powerful tool. One minute you could be sane and in seconds through devastating shocks a person could go into an insane imaginative world with no hope of a pardon.
Haleton shook his head. “This will never work. How could she ever love me?” He walked to the other side of the building and yelled. “I hate this curse. All I want is to find a way to love and be loved.” He stared at the stars in the sky. “Hey, the being who says he is God of all creation, is it too much to ask that I be free from this wretched curse? If you’re real, you’ll do what I ask. Thanks for listening.”
Amber opened her eyes. She hesitantly stood. Turning in circles, she studied the entire building’s rooftop then looked over the edge of the building to the road below. Her eyebrows angled to a point. She spoke in a feeble whisper.
“William, if you’re nearby where are you hiding?”
Haleton stepped from behind a large air-conditioning unit. He walked over, standing square to her. To help ease the stress he displayed a caring smile.
“The last thing I remember, I watched you fight those boys on the train.”
“I protected you. Every cell in my body wants you to feel safe. I must emphasize if you’re with me you will never be harmed. It is my sincere vow.”
“You have vowed a large promise.”
“It is one I intend to keep. I will never fail to live up to my promise.”
Haleton hoped by talking calmly, the act might melt Amber’s heart, so she could move logic to one side. He’d stumbled upon a chance to explain his life. Failing wasn’t an option. He couldn’t afford to let Amber slip through his fingers. Somehow, he must find a way to convince her he’d fallen in love with her.
Amber looked directly at Haleton. He backed away out of arm’s reach. “You seem to be always in my line of sight. I remember you saying you wanted to talk. I don’t know whether to yell at you, thank you for your interference at stopping a horrid crime or to scream at you so that you will leave?”
Haleton took two steps closer. “First, I need you to understand I mean you no harm.”
“You keep saying it’s your solemn vow to keep me safe.”
“Thank you for understanding.”
“I’m not sure what I need to understand. I think to satisfy my mind I want you to stay away. Go over there.” Amber pointed to a seat three metres away.
“If you so desire.” Haleton walked across the roof and sat on the seat. “If you don’t mind me saying, if you remember the train incident clearly, you will realize the distance between us is nothing. I might as well be holding your hand.”
“That’s not an option. Stay away.”
“I’d like to have our chat now.”
“You sat next to me on the train, saying the same thing.”
“I thought this rooftop might be a perfect place to talk,” suggested Haleton.
“Did you bring me here on your own?”
“Yes.”
“How did I get here?”
“At this time, the answer is not important.”
“Mister, it mightn’t be important to you, but it is to me.”
“I’m concerned when I tell you everything, I’ll never see you again.”
“You might be right. Did you pick the roof of this building to keep me a prisoner?”
“No. You are free to leave at any time. I won’t ever stop you. It’s your choice,” advised Haleton.
“Are you an alien from another planet?”
Haleton chuckled. “No. I don’t believe in life on another planet.”
Amber giggled and seemed to relax slightly. “If you’re out to please me I need you to swap places. The seat looks more comfortable than leaning against a concrete wall.”
The pair traded places. Amber folded her arms. Her cold expression appeared to be melting.
“Are you showing me a sign which relays the fact; I can be by your side?”
“I’m not willing to be so friendly. How did I get here?” questioned Amber.
“You’ve already asked that question?”
“You didn’t answer me.”
“I suppose the explanation is inevitable. Whichever way I say the answer you won’t like it.”
“Is that why you brought me to the roof of a fifteen-storey building?”
“There are thirty floors.”
“Straight for the jugular,” stated Amber.
Again, Haleton chuckled. This time, it sounded more like a growl. He sprinted towards Amber. In a blink of an eye, he stood next to her.
She screamed. In a second of time Haleton sprinted back to his original position.
“How can you move so fast?”
“I’ve started my explanation.”
Amber prepared to leave. “I think I agree with what you said earlier. I’m not going to like the answer to my question. I’m not sure I want to find out the truth either.”
“Please, stay for five minutes. I believe, come what may, you deserve the explanation. I’ll try to explain it in simple terms. I ask only one thing, please, keep an open mind.”
“Okay. I’m ready. Let me warn you, the very second you have finished explaining, I’m walking towards the elevator door. When it closes, we’ll never see each other again.”
“Tough choice to make. You will win no matter what.”
“It’s my idea; it’s my deal. If you don’t like it; then as they say in the movies, ‘suck it up, bro.’”
Haleton’s chuckle caught Amber off guard. She joined in on the laugh. Haleton finally felt she might be warming to his presence.
“Firstly, I know what I’m about to tell you will sound like I’ve escaped from the insane asylum. Let me reassure you I’m not crazy. Second, when I reminisce over my life, it does sometimes sound like I’m crazy. I have to convince myself what I’m enduring is not a dream or a nightmare. It is real.”
“Now I’m scared,” mumbled Amber. She started to side step towards the elevator door.
“You promised I could have five minutes.”
Amber froze in mid-step. “I did.”
“Do you recall when I spoke to you about Rose-a-lee Cantala?”
“Yes, you said you knew her.”
“I did. To me, it seems like an eternity since I held her hand when we sat talking under the Pepper bush tree. The sea breeze teasing the ends of her hair helped her face to glow. Each time I saw her she took my breath away.”
“I remember you telling me she was married. I understand you and the woman were having a fling. What has it got to do with me?”
“Everything,” answered Haleton.
Amber placed her hands on her hips. “Here I am standing on top of this building hoping the rain won’t fall any harder than what it is, eagerly waiting for your five minutes to be up so I never have to see you again and you’re talking in riddles. I’m not a priest who you can confess your sins to just because you feel guilty about an affair you’ve had with a married woman.”
Haleton chuckled. Amber didn’t seem to be amused. “I love the way each long strand of your hair captures the fine drizzle.”
Amber blushed slightly. “I’m undecided whether I should stay or run like the wind. Do you understand what the word, fling means?”
“Of course, I do. The young lady wasn’t my ‘fling’ as you call it in these modern times.”
“Mistress then?”
“She wasn’t anyone’s mistress.”
“You’re not having too much success in confessing the affair.”
“I would never consider such a thing; though she’d have made a great wife.”
“If she isn’t anyone special, why do you talk like she meant the world to you?”
“She wanted to unburden herself on me.”
Amber let go of a whispered chuckle.
“I heard you laugh.”
“I didn’t laugh. I chuckled.”
Haleton chuckled at being laughed at. “You think I sound funny at the words I use?”
“They do sound a tad old fashioned. I can’t say I have ever heard the word unburden,” admitted Amber.
“Back in England, I used to say the word quite frequently. The woman I’m referring to thanked me wholeheartedly when I agreed to listen to her problems. All this happened twelve months prior to my forced exile. Her husband was working. He didn’t have a clue about me calling on her. Though come to think of it, maybe that’s why I was picked to be one of the thirteen.”
“I’m not following a word you’re saying,” advised Amber.
“It’ll be easier to explain myself if I show you another demonstration.”
Amber didn’t look impressed. She shrugged. Her raised eyebrow wrinkled her forehead.
“Your time is nearly up. If you think this demonstration of yours might help, go ahead. It’s your five minutes.”
“Do you believe a man can jump from this building to the next?” questioned Haleton, palming his hand at the gap which looked wider than a two-lane road.
“What are you trying to say?”
“It seemed like a simple question.”
“You’re not thinking of trying such a dangerous stunt; it is suicidal? There’s no way anyone could make it to the road, let alone get to the other building.”
Haleton stepped onto the top edge of the wall. Amber walked backwards towards the elevator call button.
“You’re insane,” she yelled, feeling more nervous by the second.
“Before you have a chance to enter the elevator, I’ll be by your side to stop you.”
Haleton lunged for the building across the double lane road. Amber screamed. She reached out and pressed the elevator call button. Haleton jumped back from the other building, landing next to her.
The elevator door opened. Amber sprinted into the elevator, quickly pressing the ground floor button.
“I can’t allow you to leave until I’ve finished my explanation,” said Haleton, preventing the door from closing.
“I’m warning you, stay away from me,” yelled Amber, pushing her back hard against the wall of the elevator.
Haleton entered the elevator, determined to have his say.
“Please, don’t hurt me.”
“Amber, I’d never hurt a hair on your head. Of all the women, I’ve known in my long, exhausting life; you’d have to be the most pleasing to the eyes.”
“I’m not a stupid girl. This is the only life a human can live. You can’t be more than twenty. I don’t call it a long, exhausting life. Even if I don’t recall any medical information, I’ve been studying, there’s no way anyone on the face of the Earth could have jumped from one building to the next and back again from where I am standing. Either you’re from another planet, or I’m in a nightmare.”
“Neither assumption is correct,” answered Haleton.
“Who or what are you?” questioned Amber. “I’ll go so far as to say, after you’ve answered my question, I never want to see or hear from you again. Got it?” Amber wagged her index finger at his face. “Got it?”
“I’ll do my best.”
Haleton walked to the other side of the building. Amber followed and stood behind the seat. She pushed her fists on to her hips.
“You have exactly one-minute remaining of your five minutes.”
“Okay, but this is hard to say. Hell, I can’t understand it sometimes, and I’m living in my nightmare. I’m from this planet. I’m nineteen, the same age as you.”
“You don’t look it.”
“Thanks, I’ll take your words to be a compliment.”
“You’re stalling, and it’s raining harder. Make it fast.”
“It’s difficult to explain when I know you will never want to see me again.”
“I’ll be the judge.”
“Do you understand I never want to see any harm come to you?”
Amber rolled her eyes. “I guess. You did save me from falling out of the building and from the louts on the train. Seeing how you’re having trouble explaining, try these questions. “Why do you wear top hat and tails that never appear to get wet?”
“What if I explain to you, one plus one is equal to three?”
“Your words have explained nothing. Besides, the equation isn’t correct.”
“Okay. Let’s try it this way. When you were eight-years-old, you fell off your bicycle. It happened when you rode the bicycle for the first time. You lost your balance, stabbing your knee into the wall. You cried for ages and needed five stitches in your kneecap. You thanked the doctor, whispering in his ear you wanted to be a doctor too.”
Amber stood frozen to the concrete, her eyes bulging at hearing the words.
“Please, you must have an open mind.”
“How did you know about the bike?”
“I’ve been watching.”
“What else?”
“I was around when you were on your first date. You kissed the boy after he walked you home.”
“How old were we?”
“You were both fourteen.”
“What time did we get home?”
“You arrived home after nine in the evening. Your mother yelled a total of one hundred and three words. She sounded extremely upset. She folded her arms as she told you your roast chicken dinner is in the fridge.”
Amber folded her arms and frowned. “I thought I sensed somebody watching. I do believe I saw a shadow moving, but I couldn’t be sure. Come to think of it, I’ve seen a shadow moving about me many times over the years.”
“I was that shadow.”
“How could it have been?”
“We are now at the part which is hard to explain.”
Amber relaxed her arms by letting them drop by her side. “I’ve figured out you’re not trying to kill me and you believe you want to look after me.”
“It’s a good start,” suggested Haleton.
“In regards to my life, how far back do you believe you went?”
“I watched your birth.”
“It’s not possible. In my opinion, you need to see a shrink.”
“I don’t need a psychiatrist’s kind of help. I’m telling you the truth.”
“I understand you believe in your mind what you’re saying is the truth.”
“Again, thanks for the compliment. What I’ve explained so far is all true,” insisted Haleton.
“If what you say is correct, you’d have to be immortal. You certainly don’t look old. Can you grasp the concept your brain is living in a fairytale?”
Haleton looked at the sky. The rain had finally stopped. “Okay, the only way to explain all this quick and easily is to say. I’m a vampire. There you go, I’ve said it.”
Amber backed away. “Stay away from me you fruit cake. Leave me alone.”
“I can’t. I have loved you since the minute you were born. I have followed the Cantala genealogy from Rose-a-lee Cantala who lived in 1749AD right through to this year.”
“You believe in your twisted mind you were in love with my ancestor. You couldn’t have her, so you wanted to live life through me.” Amber massaged her temples. “What am I saying? I’m having a nightmare. I don’t believe a word of all this.”
“What about the accident you had on your bicycle?”
“A lucky guess,” suggested Amber.
“What about the jump I made?”
“I’ve yet to make up my mind on that one. You probably hypnotized me into thinking you jumped.”
A tall, slim figure wearing a black top hat and tails stepped out from behind the air-conditioner unit on the other side of the building and commenced clapping.
“Doesn’t he paint a pathetic picture?” he called.
Haleton faced the uninvited guest. “Who might you be?”
“I’m surprised you haven’t tried to guess. It has been a long time. I’m shocked you don’t remember. I will step a little closer.”
The figure moved like lightning. Both men glared at each other. They were standing so close their breaths would have mixed if Haleton didn’t turn his head to the side.
Amber screamed. “Will someone tell me what’s going on?”
“She’s a trifle slow. Shall I intervene and try my tact at explaining our past?”
“Alex Crompton, you, old shady character, it has been a long time. I vowed the next time we crossed paths your life will end.”
The man ignored the taunt by pointing directly at Amber. “The chick has a strong resemblance to the woman you wanted to marry way back in 1749AD. She looks vaguely similar however her DNA is off a few degrees.” He sighed. “Rose-a-lee’s DNA lingers in your mind. This chic’s blood smells the same as her ancestor. It’s been a long time since I saw the woman. I can scarcely remember the date. It’s a shame you didn’t want my help. I told you I’d fix it so she’d be a widow.”
“I think in your best interest you should leave.”
Crompton tilted his head back and laughed. When he stopped chuckling, he lowered his head and grinned at Amber. “I take it William hasn’t told you the story?”
Amber made a fast retreat away from the two men. She stopped walking backward when her shoulders slammed into the wall.
“William I’m shocked. Have you forgotten the clock is ticking? Our time is precious. Take my advice, stop being so slow when you meet a woman and go straight for the jugular. If you allow me to help, I’m more than willing to give a small demonstration.” With a satanic grin, he glared at the girl.
“No,” Haleton growled, a micro-second too late.
Crompton took off his hat, tossing it over the edge of the building like someone disposing of an old ripped cloth.
“What are you doing? Your hat looked brand new,” screamed Amber.
Crompton hummed a slow tune that quickened as the seconds ticked off. Then Amber saw the black hat materialize back on his head. The man’s smirk matched his confidence.
“Are you a magician too?” asked Amber, not sounding too convincing. “Wearing top hat and tails you look the part.” She switched her attention back on Haleton. “The gag has gone on long enough. Confess you two are magicians and are having a good laugh at my expense.”
“We are both from the year 1749AD,” hissed Crompton in a matter-of-fact voice. “Hasn’t my cousin explained anything to you?” He sighed. “What a sweet innocent child. I’d never waste my unique ability on being a magician.”
“She’s no child. Crompton, I am warning you, we don’t want to see any more demonstrations.”
“Tut, tut, tut.” Crompton wagged his finger. The longer he talked, the more sarcastic his voice sounded. “I have two more demonstrations.”
“If you’re not a magician, kindly explain your presence?” growled Amber.
“What a feisty, sweet, lovable girl. I can see why you two have been attracted to each other. You would make the perfect couple. If I dare say, it will never be,” growled Crompton.
“What are you implying?” questioned Amber.
Crompton slowly extracted the long-bladed knife from his left black boot. At eye level he watched the blade turn slowly in his hand.
“I love the way this particular blade has been forged. I made the blacksmith repeat the creation four times just so it looked and felt perfect. It stays sharper than a razor blade. Effortlessly slices through flesh. I’ve lost count how many victims the blade has known. If you slide the edge across the victim’s skin slow enough, one can hear the tearing of the cells.”
Glancing at Amber, Crompton threw the knife, blade first directly at her.
Amber screamed. Haleton reached out his hand, managing to bump it. He watched it soar through the air and strike the wall.
Crompton started to whistle. He placed his hands behind his back. “Keep watching the knife.”
Haleton looked uninterested. Amber opened her mouth to scream again when the knife disappeared in a small puff of black smoke. She watched closely the smoke wafting through the air, materializing into the knife and back into Crompton’s boot.
“Anyone for a replay?” he snickered. Slowly extracting the knife again, he stared directly at Amber’s eyes. “I know Haleton doesn’t care for a repeat performance. Judging by the number of tears falling from your lovely eyes, I guess you don’t either.”
Crompton chuckled, replaced the knife in his boot and reached for the small short stem rose sitting rigidly in the button hole of his coat. His eyes shone like bright beacons on a dark dead flat sea. The ends of his lips curled upwards as he stroked each petal in turn.
“This beauty is a blood red rose. Miss Cantala, would you like to own it?”
“Don’t agree,” warned Haleton.
Amber shook her head.
“Such a lovely flower should belong to someone. This glass rose is a lovely piece of art. Are you positive you won’t change your mind?”
“No. I don’t want anything from you.”
Haleton’s deep stern voice, caused Amber to tremble from head to feet. She looked behind her at the stairs and the elevator door.
“I know what both of you are thinking,” hissed Crompton. “Miss Cantala, you think you can sprint for the elevator, but it will take far too long to arrive here on the roof, so your next best option is the stairs. There’s the problem. You are wondering if my cousin, William, will stop me long enough for a successful escape. Part two of the problem is; will he want to fight his cousin? What will happen if he doesn’t? What if he’s in cahoots with me? Haleton my dear boy you are thinking why haven’t I fought you as yet? What of this beautiful glass rose I want so desperately to give the young lady?”
Haleton took a slow step towards Amber.
“Don’t move again. If you do things will turn ugly,” hissed Crompton.
“Give it up Alex; For years I’ve heard you say the same line to countless women.”
“You’re quite correct. Do you know how many times they have fallen into my trap? Women can’t resist the man who gives them a flower.”
“I can,” croaked Amber.
“Are you sure? You don’t sound too convincing,” said Crompton.
“I’m positive your charm won’t work on me.”
“What a pity.” Crompton extracted a small round plastic container from his side pocket.
“What are you up to?” Haleton spat.
“I almost forgot to explain what I’m going to do next.”
“I doubt it,” said Haleton.
“You’ve seen through me yet again,” injected Crompton. “I’m too much a professional to forget a thing. Please, allow me to have a minute of your time. My explanation is short.”
“I have given more minutes than you deserve,” jeered Amber.
“Change your attitude girl. You sounded too much like Rose-a-lee.”
“Get on with it,” barked Haleton.
Crompton’s smirk reeked of evil. He seemed to relish in the sudden fame of his captive audience. He lifted the small opaque canister no larger than a thumbnail to shoulder height. He gently twisted the cap off, sniffing the liquid contents.
“What’s inside the canister?”
“Amber Cantala you are a very nosy person. This little container is the highlight of my show. You can see from where you’re standing the small container is filled with a liquid. Do you know how an inkwell works?”
Amber displayed a blank expression.
“I’ll take your silence for a no! Allow me to explain. You dip the end of the feather into the ink so you can create poems. You write the words down for all to read. This liquid is similar. I place the stem of the glass rose into the liquid, wait a few seconds for the liquid to be sucked up into the tip then carefully screw the small lid back on the container and place it safely into my pocket. You must have nimble fingers to accomplish such a feat. Now I’ve done that; I will again attempt to hand the rose over to you.”
“I don’t want it,” growled Amber.
“Are you certain?”
“Positive.”
“Let me try to convince you another way. The liquid I transferred from the container to the stem of the rose has three parts to it. One part is venom from a tiger snake. The second part came from a brown snake. The third part came from a red-belly black. The three slithering creatures are from right here in the Australian bush. If I may add, they are highly venomous. I captured each of the three snakes and milked them. The venom is no more than an hour old. One scratch will see me planting a rose bush at the foot of your grave.”
Without warning, Crompton threw the rose, stem first, at Amber’s neck. Its sharpened point was deadly accurate. It struck hard, easily piercing the skin on Haleton’s hand. He closed his fingers. Shards of glass cut into his palm. When he uncoiled his fingers, Amber watched the colored glass fall like dust to the roof of the building, leaving the tip of the flower embedded firmly in Haleton’s hand. He pulled it out and sniffed the blackened tip.
“There is fresh snake venom on the tip.”
“You have a keen nose; an eye for detail. If you were any slower, the dart would have entered the girl’s jugular vein. Her death would have been something exciting to watch,” hissed Crompton.
He sprinted across the rooftop, closing the gap between himself and Haleton in less than a second. Using a tight fist, Crompton pushed his opponent across the concrete roof. Haleton slid through the closed elevator doors. To stop from falling down the elevator shaft, he reached out and grabbed the edge of the roof. Haleton watched the doors plummet down the dark elevator shaft to the ground floor.
Crompton dashed across the rooftop. Hovering over Haleton, he readied himself to kick his cousin.
“After you have gone from here it will be a pleasure to extinguish the lifeline of the woman. Your pathetic vow you made to Amber Cantala means nothing. I Alex Crompton am immortal. I cannot die. You and I both know I have the upper hand and I always will. Haleton you’re weak. Let me remind you of the fact you have never defeated me.”
“Get a grip, Crompton. This is the council of four’s plan. They’re the insane ones.”
“Do you honestly think your thoughts are correct?”
“Yes. The council of four have pre-ordered dates, so both of us will eventually meet.”
“How did you come across the information?” jeered Crompton.
“You forget, I listened each night to Rose-a-lee Cantala’s problems.”
“Why would the council of four want pre-ordered dates? We can’t die.”
“It’s a way of wasting our time.”
Crompton growled. The expression on his face turned slate cold. Murder was written in his eyes. At speed, he kicked Haleton in the ribs which sent him crashing head first into the black void. Crompton cupped a hand around his ear, listening for the dull thud.
He wasn’t disappointed.
“My first problem is now solved if only or a minute.” Clapping the dust from his hands, Crompton turned his attention to Amber Cantala. “All there is left to do is kill the female.” In a heartbeat, he had sprinted across the roof and grabbed Amber’s throat. “I can hear your young, fit heart quickening. It’s music to my ears. Did you know every heart has a tone of its own? Its rhythm is unique. Yours, my dear, must be the sweetest sounding beat I’ve ever heard. Shame it won’t beat for too much longer.”
Crompton lifted Amber off the ground by the neck and watched her face turn blue. Amber lashed out at her attacker using weakening punches to his shoulders. Realizing her life was slipping away, she changed tact. Grabbing hold of his wrists, she attempted to pull his arms away. Crompton looked bored at her pathetic effort.
“Your time, walking on this planet is almost exhausted. Your life flame is all but, extinguished. Your feeble struggles will be over in seconds.”
He tightened his grip further. Amber’s eyes closed.
“I’d reconsider your statement.”
Crompton turned and glared at Haleton. “I thought I’d have at least seven more seconds before you interrupted my victory.”
“Sorry for the intrusion.”
“You always were a party stopper.”
“The girl is with me. Place her gently on the ground, feet first.”
“Since when have I ever listened to you?”
Crompton tossed Amber across the building’s roof. She resembled a pile of rags as her torso and limbs got to the side concrete wall. Haleton only just managed to stop her head from plowing into the wall.
“There’s your big mistake. You are weak.”
“It’s the love I have inside me trying to escape. The feeling is lacking in your nature. In a way, I pity you. Loving a woman is the missing gap in your trait. You can’t understand the meaning.”
The clouds again moved at speed across the sky, blotting out the stars. A sun-bright blue flash pierced the black ink sky. A long deep rumble quickly followed. Looking at the sky, Crompton outstretched his arms. “The air preceding a storm smells divine, don’t you think, cousin?”
“I’ve never thought about it.”
In the rain, thunder, and lightning, Crompton laughed a deep animal growl. Both men glared at the other. Large drops of rain fell about Haleton’s feet. Every muscle in his body tightened. He knew the next step. He had to be ready. He must win. Haleton glared at his opponent. This time, there will be no hiding. No cowering in a corner or backing away. Haleton made a promise to Amber which he intended to keep. This, is where he will stand his ground.
Crompton walked in circles around his cousin. When he stopped, he stood square to Haleton.
“So, it’s come down to this?”
Haleton hissed. “You can always back away. It’s your choice.”
Crompton tilted his head back, laughing as the rain fell in torrents.
Amber stirred, forcing one eye open. She appeared to be watching the scene, unable to move.
Haleton signaled her to stay still.
Crompton slipped out of his coat, throwing it over the side of the building. “This torment has gone on far too long. I should have killed you back in 1749AD.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I used you as my scapegoat.”
“Your little plan to frame me backfired,” snarled Haleton.
“Maybe it did. There’s a reason behind everything.”
Crompton launched himself across the roof of the building. Haleton did the same. They collided in mid-air about five metres above the concrete. Both came crashing onto the building’s roof. Water erupted into the air in every direction. Amber struggled to a sitting position. Seeing her one opportunity she slowly crawled away.
Crompton growled his bone-chilling words. “Thinking back over my plan when we happened to be tangled up in the net, I might have made a miscalculation. I should have killed you and pleaded self-defense.”
“Maybe you should have. Now it’s too late.”
“You’re correct in every detail, neither of us can die.”
“I’ve one more soul to catch, and I’m free of the curse,” yelled Haleton.
“Me too. I’m going to make sure the victim is innocent.” Crompton stared at Amber. “She’ll do just fine.”
“Why does it have to be her? Why an innocent? Don’t you ever want to be rid of the curse?”
“Don’t you get it? Being a vampire has made me invincible. Why do I want to be a mortal?”
“Our meeting is to waste time. We’ll be so locked up in fighting, our valuable time will end. We’ll have to start all over again. Can’t you see it?” Haleton landed a punch to his opponent’s ribs.
“Yes, I want to waste time. Yes, a thousand times, yes.” Crompton grabbed Haleton by the throat and lifted him into the air. He walked slowly to the edge of the building. “When you’re out of my way there will be no one to stop me or my gang. We will rule the world, year by year. When I find the antidote to the vampire’s curse, I’ll alter the formula. Slowly everyone on the face of the earth will be changed into a vampire.”
“You don’t know the where-a-bouts of the formula.”
“Yes, I do. You forget, I have started again numerous times in 1749AD. I discovered where Rose-a-lee Cantala lived. I persuaded her to tell me the formula. To make sure she didn’t lie I tried it out on a good friend of hers. I have a persuasive nature to help people see things my way. The only thing I have to do is find the note she left. You will have no choice except to join me in my quest to populate the world with vampires.”
“You’re insane. The curse has caused you to lose your mind,” spat Haleton.
“I don’t disagree. I should feel compassion when I watch you fall from the roof to the road below. I don’t think I can muster the thought.”
Crompton threw Haleton from the roof and watched him fall.
“That should at least give me enough time to rid the girl of her life.” He sprinted to where Amber decided to take refuge. “It will be a shame to see you die; you’re such a pretty little thing, but I must sever the bloodline of the Cantala name. I’m bound to keep my promise I swore to Rose-a-lee.” He picked Amber up by the collar. “You’ll be landing next to Haleton very soon.”
Haleton flew over the wall, king hitting Crompton in the middle of his back. Amber fell to the concrete. Haleton managed to catch her in time. He gently placed her into a sitting position and squared himself to his cousin.
Crompton ran to the other side of the building to shake off the hit he received. In seconds, he returned. Standing in front of Haleton, he pushed a fist towards his throat. Haleton ducked, grabbing his wrist. He heard it snap.
“I’ve some sad news to tell you,” said Haleton. “If I don’t succeed in finding my next victim in thirty hours, I’ll be transported back to 1749AD. That was the year my nightmare first began.”
Crompton ceased his struggles. Both men stared at each other, nose to nose. It was a stalemate. Neither wanted to concede defeat.
“If what you say is true about the council of four bringing us together, they’d know when the two of us are locked in a battle, neither one of us will back down,” growled Crompton. “We’ll both be back at the start at the same time.”
Haleton looked at the sky, laughing. “The first one to come to his senses will be the one to back away.”
Crompton stood his ground. He pushed his wrist straight. He coiled his fingers on both hands into tighter fists and yelled. “I’m not weak. I will never back down. I’ve nothing to lose.”
Haleton stepped away. He marched over to Amber. Looking at her tear-filled eyes, he said in a serious voice. “Come.”
She looked scared and almost out of her mind. Haleton took her gently by the hand, pulling her to an upright position.
“You’re weak Haleton. You’ve always been the weaker. This love thing you so desperately want to cling to will be your undoing.”
Crompton watched his opponent scoop Amber up in his arms and sprint for the edge of the building.
In seconds; both had vanished.



CHAPTER ELEVEN



IN A semi-conscious state, Amber watched the rooftops of many buildings slip by under her feet. She then focused on the serious expression on the face of the man carrying her.
Haleton landed on the roof of a building he’d visited several times in the past. The rain slowed to a drizzle before stopping altogether. After analyzing a couple of different scenarios in his mind, he set Amber down on a seat built for two and retreated to a safe distance. He leaned casually against the building’s large air-conditioning unit, scrutinizing the expression on her face.
Slowly Amber’s facial appearance altered.
On the street far below a truck sounded its horn. Haleton could clearly hear a few angry shouts.
“You can sit next to me.” Amber’s voice sounded to be a decibel above a whisper. The tone she used sounded friendly but laced with a hint of skepticism. “I won’t bite.”
“I know, however, the security light behind you will force me to change to a shadow. I can blow the globe, but the action will alert security.”
Amber displayed the expression of someone who appeared to be simultaneously frightened and excited. To relieve her fears, Haleton spoke in a voice which would melt the heart of any woman who happened to be listening.
“This building is where you live. If you would be kind enough to allow me to escort you to your door, I promise you’ll feel safe. Nothing can get through me to hurt you. I will never allow anything or anyone to get too close to you again. Don’t worry about Crompton. He won’t be back.”
Amber allowed Haleton to escort her to the elevator. When the elevator door opened onto a corridor, they walked with linked arms. When they approached an overhead light, it blew plunging the corridor of the old building into darkness. When they stopped at the door halfway along the corridor, Amber gave it a firm push, waiting for him to enter the apartment first. Haleton open palmed his hand signaling she should walk into the room first.
“Who are you? Please explain how you can break overhead lights?” Amber managed to ask.
Haleton’s genuine smile lightened his face. He wanted to be a man Amber could trust and fall in love with. He knew to tread carefully.
“Now might be the correct time to answer every one of your questions.”
Amber flopped on to a chair, staring at Haleton slowly pacing the floor.
“I’ve never attempted to cut three lifetimes into a few sentences which will make sense.”
“It’s your story. I’ve figured out on my own you’re telling the truth when you say you won’t hurt me, so please, I’m ready to understand. Enlighten my curiosity.”
Haleton shook his head. “I’m not sure if you fully understand what being ready means, but I’m game.”
“Good, I am too.”
“In 1749AD, I looked the same as I do today. Alex Crompton is my cousin. He has turned down the wrong road. He’s a murderer. He will stop at nothing to attack any young lady. Preceding our incarceration, he was an uncontrollable maniac. After careful consideration regarding my actions, I decided he must be stopped, and I am the only one who can do it. Crompton convinced everyone I tried to murder him when we were caught. We were both forced to drink a concoction which turned both of us into vampires. After killing a person who has an evil heart I am transported back and forth through time.” Haleton paused to study Amber’s blank expression. He couldn’t decide if she accepted his explanation or not. It was now too late to retract any detail of his story. “I know what you’re thinking. I’ll be the first to agree. Don’t do anything wrong; everything will turn out.”
“It’s exactly what I wanted to suggest,” said Amber.
“It’s not that simple. All I’ve ever wanted is to be mortal. To be loved by the same woman all of my days. If I’d known Crompton and I was walking into a trap, I’d have stayed away.”
“I don’t know what you want from me?” whispered Amber.
Haleton downed his knee and looked up, noting the shine in her eyes. “I believe when love comes knocking you have to open the door. I’m willing to do the very thing I have never done in my entire life so that I can have you near me.”
Amber didn’t look happy marching across the grey carpet. She opened the door and glared at Haleton. “Leave.”
In a heartbeat, Haleton stood on the other side of the door. “Before I go, I want to say one last thing.”
“I’ll give you three seconds. To me, your story came from the heart of an insane madman. When you’ve finished speaking, I never want to see or hear from you again.”
“I need your help. To ascertain whether I’m a bad person or not I want you to search your heart. I need you to recall the moment in the hospital when I handed over the red rose. Our hands touched for the first time.”
Amber slammed the door shut and melted to the floor. Hearing her sobs, Haleton slowly turned away and walked towards the rooftop.
Haleton stood in the lightening sky overlooking the busy street far below. He watched the people scurrying about like mice dodging the many puddles of water. He’d arrived at a low point in his long life. He knew the vampire blood raging through his body would be hard to keep under control. His mind must be at perfect peace if he wanted to win the war. Twice he had lost the battle and forced to begin again in 1749AD. Tracking down Rose-a-lee Cantala happened to be the easy part. Trying to persuade her to hurry in finding the antidote to the curse was painfully slow. She agreed both times, but the antidote proved to be elusive.
Above the noise of the early morning traffic, Haleton heard a door squeak. It came from a rusting hinge. It sounded so quiet even he nearly missed it. When he turned, he found Amber standing at the door to the stairs watching him. His eyes feasted on her beauty. Although water droplets covered her shoulders, the perfume she had sprayed on her skin revitalized his mind. The smell lingered in his nostrils. He didn’t care whether he could smell her or not. His mind believed it.
Haleton forced his grin to vanish as Amber strolled towards him. He showered his mind with her majestic walk. She seemed to be deliberately taunting his eyes.
He let go of a massive sigh.
Amber’s walk slowed. She stopped directly in front of Haleton at arm’s length. The light kinks in her hair were gone, replaced by the heaviness of holding onto the rainwater.
Haleton deliberately stepped closer. The gap between them quickly vanished.
Amber looked up at Haleton. Their gazes locked. They both smiled at the same time. Their thoughts seemed to be intertwined.
Finally, Amber spoke. “Are you trying to tell me you’re a vampire?”
“To put our conversation into intelligent perspective; yes, I am a vampire.”
“So, even though you adore the smell of my blood you resisted the animal in you to bite and feed on me?”
“I’m not sure if I’d label myself an animal. However, it could sum it up.” Haleton pushed his body harder against Amber’s.
She didn’t resist. She closed her eyes, whispering. “Is it possible for you to put me into a love trance?”
“That only happens in the movies.”
Haleton’s lips brushed Amber’s left cheek and hovered above her red lips. The gap looked to be only the width of a hair. He could feel the warmth of her breath when she exhaled.
“I take it you can hear my heart beating?” questioned Amber.
“Yes, I can. It has quickened its pace in the last minute.”
“How fast is it beating?” Amber asked.
“It’s moving at triple the pace.”
The rhythm of Haleton’s heart matched the speed of Amber’s. His breathing matched hers. The place where their bodies were touching warmed at an alarming rate. Both didn’t seem to be concerned over the fact the rain had started to fall again. The indentations in the rooftop quickly refilled. Haleton looked directly at Amber’s shiny brown eyes. For the first time, he couldn’t think of anything to say. He certainly didn’t want to spoil the scene by talking.
Amber pushed Haleton gently to arm’s length.
Haleton moved to step closer.
“Stay right where you are,” Amber insisted. “I have a few more questions.”
“I’ll do my best to answer each one honestly.”
“It’ll be a good start. The other man, the one whom you fought; he called you weak. Why?”
“Alex Crompton is wrong. I’m not weak.”
“Why did he say you’re weak if it’s not true?”
“I think we’d be more comfortable talking out of the rain.”
“I’m happy to stand in the rain. My health is not troubled over a little water falling from the sky. What about you?”
“Rain has no effect on me.”
“Good. My first question has been answered. I wanted to know if rain acted like acid when it touched your skin.”
Sidestepping, Haleton leaned against the building’s wall. “You are a very interesting young lady, Amber G. Cantala.”
“How do you know the first letter of my middle name?”
“Lucky guess,” said Haleton.
“That won’t wash. I surmise you somehow know my full middle name?”
“Grace.”
Amber’s shoulders slumped when she exhaled. “I think you’d better begin your explanation again. No one knows my middle name. I don’t like it, so I’ve never said. Not even Craig knows.”
Haleton nodded politely. “When Alex and I were kids I thought we were the best of friends. I’ve already mentioned he is my cousin. He was leading me down the wrong path. We stole wine from the local winery and if someone happened to be walking past, he’d rob them of their money. From the onset of his crimes, I have tried to stop him. Contrary to what you have seen or heard I am an innocent man. He framed me. I never killed a soul up to the time of the curse. I hate what it has turned me into. The Bible quotes, ‘thou shall not kill.’ My parents taught me well. It is Alex Crompton who loves to kill for the sport. Of course, having no evidence, I was easily convicted. Alex and I were caught in a trap and sentenced to roam the centuries with vampire blood flowing through our veins.”
“Are there any more like you?”
“I’m led to believe there are thirteen, including myself.”
Amber’s eyes widened. She looked to be frightened at the information.
“Maybe I shouldn’t have answered the question,” mumbled Haleton.
“Probably not; I do thank you for your honesty. I like that in a man.”
“I’m guilty of allowing Crompton to have a hold over me. He ordered if I didn’t help him, my parents would be told what transpired in the robberies.”
“Couldn’t you have informed your parents?”
“If you knew my father you’d understand. I’d receive a whipping just because he had a hard day. The only way I can prove to you what I’m saying is the truth is for you to look into my eyes. They’re windows to my soul.”
Amber casually stepped closer. She did as he requested. For over a minute she stared into his green eyes, studying his soul and his life. Finally, Amber cuddled Haleton. She lifted her head and closed her eyes. Haleton kissed her like a woman deserves to be kissed. He proved to her his heart was full of love and compassion. Their beating hearts created the perfect pitch. Haleton could sense Amber didn’t want the scene to end. He didn’t either. He tightened his grip. Amber responded by tightening hers. A friendly warm feeling crept through Haleton’s body at the onset of knowing the girl he held in his arms, the one he instantly fell in love with the minute he first saw her, might be falling in love too.
Finally, Amber looked directly at Haleton. “I believe you. I believe every word you spoke. I witnessed your entire life in your eyes. It’s amazing. I feel like I never want us to be apart.”
“I feel the same.”
“You asked for my help?”
“Yes. If I don’t find the answer to my question our love will never be,” whispered Haleton.
Amber’s gaze dropped to her feet. Tears welled in her eyes. “What’s the question?”
“The wretched curse has a few insane rules.”
Amber’s eyes grew wide. Her brow wrinkled. Her expression changed from friendly to anger red.
“I have to sever the lifeline of one more-evil person. After the death of each soul, I am transported into another time. I have to find the ancient scroll.”
“How can this ancient scroll help?”
“I need to uncover the truth about the last death. Will I be transported through time or will I be able to stay with you? I’ll be free of the curse, but I might never see you again. Both times I have gotten close to the end of the curse the power of love and mortality start to conquer the vampire curse. It must be the reason why we are attracted to each other.”
“I’m happy we met,” admitted Amber. “Meeting the love of my life has fulfilled the reason I’ve stayed away from all the other men who have wandered down the road to find me. I have always known one day the right man will come along.”
“Yes, it’s a wonderful feeling knowing I’ve finally met the woman I want to spend the remainder of my life with. I’m hoping our time together isn’t drawing on the curse to torment me one last time. Not seeing you again will be impossible to endure.”
“How do you know this ancient scroll exists?”
“I know it does; I just can’t prove it.”
“Do you have any idea of its location?”
“No, but don’t panic, I do have a clue.”
“Good,” said Amber. “I think we need to construct a plan.”
“Me too,” echoed Haleton. He glanced at the rising sun. “Before I am transformed into a shadow, we should retreat to your apartment.”



CHAPTER TWELVE



AMBER CLOSED the door to her apartment and walked over to the table where she sat in a chair. Haleton busied himself looking around the two-room apartment. He spied the computer and the broken vase in the rubbish bin.
“Can I offer you something to eat?” asked Amber.
“I haven’t eaten food since being transformed into a vampire.” Haleton walked across the room and sat opposite Amber.
“What an absolute horrid thought. Never eating would be a nightmare.”
“It is. At first, it was hard. There are so many different styles of food I have longed to try. Everything looks and smells fantastic.”
“What about a drink?”
“No thanks,” he said raising his hands into the air. “It’s the same deal. Although there’s nothing stopping me from fixing you something special to eat.”
Haleton didn’t give Amber a moment to decide. He sprinted into the kitchen to begin preparing breakfast. The meal consisted of bacon and eggs and a mug of hot chocolate. He placed the lot into the microwave, pressed the number fifteen on the front panel and dived out of the window.
For nearly ten seconds Amber sat alone in the dark, watching the numbers on the microwave count off towards zero. She only just turned her head to look out the window when a shadow entered the room. It seemed to float along the wall on its way into the kitchen.
“Alex Crompton, what are you doing here?” Amber snarled angrily.
Haleton materialized and opened the microwave door when the number two changed to one. Taking out the meal he raced the plate to the table. He looked seriously at Amber.
“It’s only me. Crompton isn’t here.” Haleton bowed as he presented the meal and a blood red rose to Amber. “I found the flower in a florist not far from here. Don’t look so worried. I did pay for the flower.”
Amber’s eyes shone brighter than diamonds in a jeweler’s window. “Thank you. Are you always this fast?”
“I do believe I’m slowing down. I expected to be back before the number seven was highlighted, on the microwave. It must be the vampire blood starting to be neutralized.”
“Do you want to explain about the scroll while I dig into this amazing meal?”
“Sounds like a plan,” said Haleton.
Amber swallowed a mouthful of food. “Please, don’t take my opinion the wrong way. Sometimes the words you use are extremely old fashioned. They are well past their use by date.”
“I’m having trouble remembering the changing dialogue. I’m positive when I am in a time zone to stay, I will quickly catch up. I’ll do my best to tone down my vocabulary and bring it into the modern era.”
Amber swallowed another mouthful of food then giggled. “I believe it. Sorry for interrupting your story of the scroll.”
“Not a problem. I welcome it. When I started again in 1749AD after accidently killing an innocent person I tracked down Rose-a-lee Cantala. To be precise, the country happened to be England.”
“If this all happened overseas, how were you able to discover the reason behind why you should come to Australia?”
“It’s easy to explain. Rose-a-lee married a man who stumbled across a considerable amount of wealth. He wasn’t the honorable man he led everyone to believe. He entertained quite a few women on the side. Rose-a-lee gave birth to one child; a girl. The family tree since 1749AD didn’t alter. A girl was born out of wedlock. In 1946 after the second world war, I overheard the Cantala’s were deciding to relocate to Australia.”
“I know I’m an only child and my mother never married. Is Rose-a-lee the reason why you love me?”
“No,” said Haleton seriously.
“I reckon you couldn’t marry Rose-a-lee, so you deliberately kept tabs on the Cantala’s until you found a girl to fall in love with.”
“It’s not true.”
“I think it is.”
“You have the same facial expressions as Rose-a-lee and the same stubbornness, but no, you are two entirely different ladies.”
“Do you sincerely mean it?”
“Yes.”
“Crompton mentioned my DNA is the same as Rose-a-lee’s.”
“Almost the same,” corrected Haleton.
“Thanks again for your honesty.”
“At this moment in time, I’ll believe every word. If I ever find out you conned me, you’ll feel my wrath.”
By lifting his hand into the air, Haleton stopped Amber from finishing what she wanted to say.
“I’ve spoken the truth. I know in time you’ll believe it. There’s nothing I can do to speed up the process. It has to be your choice. I can wait.”
Amber leaned across the table and kissed Haleton on the lips. “I know in my heart you are who you’ve said. My brain is a little slow on the convincing side.”
Haleton walked around the other side of the table. Taking hold of Amber’s hands, he helped her to stand. He slipped his arms around her waist, reeling her in. Their lips welded. To him, her cherry red lips were the most amazing feeling he’d ever known. Haleton wanted to take Amber off to a land yet discovered. An island paradise would do nicely and where only they enjoyed. No one else will be allowed.
Amber broke her hold, whispering. “I don’t mean to be a party’s wet blanket; time marches on. Let’s pick up our conversation on Rose-a-lee and this scroll you mentioned. You have intrigued my curiosity. I want to learn more. Did you tell Rose-a-lee about her husband’s extramarital going’s on?” She chuckled. “I think I’ve been around you too long already. Your old-fashioned words are rubbing off you, and clinging to me.”
Haleton laughed in a polite gentleman’s way. “Yes. I waited outside the castle where Rose-a-lee lived. I stood in the shadows for hours waiting for her husband to either go out or to fall asleep. He saddled his horse when the sun was almost level with the tops of the trees. I watched him ride the beast at speed away from the castle towards the forest.”
“Do you have any idea where he went?”
“At my first thought, I felt happy he left. I dematerialized into a shadow and easily slipped up the wall of the castle. I stood at the open window looking across the undulating hills. I saw Rose-a-lee’s husband rendezvous with a horse and carriage. My vampire blood sounded warning sirens throughout my brain. I tried to shake the emotion off by deciding to slip into the room, but I couldn’t extinguish my burning curiosity. I cut across the land to take a closer look.”
Haleton noticed Amber was giving him her undivided attention. He loved her for it. He loved her intelligence, her willpower to succeed in anything she tried to do. To top it all, her beauty surpassed every woman he’d ever known. He eventually wondered how long it might take for her to agree to his marriage proposal. He chuckled at the old-fashioned idea. Maybe the people of the world had changed more than what he knew.
“Please continue,” urged Amber.
“I climbed a tree when the sun turned cold. I watched longer than I should have. Rose-a-lee Cantala’s husband was definitely having an affair. I discovered at a later time she’d been a woman of the night. She got paid extremely well by many men for her services.”
“You haven’t answered my earlier question. Did you mention all this to Rose-a-lee?”
“I did tell her I have interesting news. I also made it crystal clear; I’d only reveal my secret after she promised not to go back on her word to help me. I reassured her I’d never return if everything went to plan.”
“You snuck into her room in the middle of the night. Wasn’t it a radical move for the time?”
“Yes. Rose-a-lee squealed when she saw me and ordered me to leave. I refused.”
“Did Rose-a-lee and her husband break up?”
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. Things weren’t the same then as it was in this time.”
“If I were her, I’d kick him out on his proverbial rear.”
“I’m sure you would’ve.”
Amber grinned at the man standing in the middle of the room. She started to enjoy his company. She walked across the floor to a beanbag.
“What about this scroll?” Amber asked, making herself comfortable.
“I convinced Rose-a-lee to try to finish the antidote. She did confide in me if she ever actually discovered the correct dosage, she’d write the antidote on a scroll, placing it in the coffin of a priest.”
“Why would she do something so morbid?”
“I told her to. For a start, she couldn’t place it in her coffin. The site of the casket belonging to a priest could be found quite easily, and the body would be safe from any grave robbers.”
“If it were possible, I’d love to meet Rose-a-lee. To me, she sounds like a strong woman.”
“She’s a lot like you in many ways. Unlike her, I believe you’d stand up to the council of four. It’s something she never did.”
Amber’s eyes looked to be full of excitement. “If you know the name of the priest all we need to do is to locate his grave and dig him up.”
“I might be a little bit behind the times. I know you can’t just go into any cemetery to dig up a coffin,” suggested Haleton.
“A good point,” grumbled Amber, slumping deeper into the beanbag. “Do you have any ideas?”
“Before the council of four forced me to drink the vile, disgusting vampire blood, Rose-a-lee told me to remember the priest’s name.”
“What fantastic news!” Amber shrieked.
“Not so great. I have twenty-four hours to complete this task. If I fail, I will be at the beginning again. Either way, I might never see you again,” said Haleton.
Amber climbed out of the beanbag, walked across the room and placed her arms around Haleton’s shoulders. She looked at his sad eyes.
“We’d better hurry. I’ll help any way I can. I certainly don’t want to lose you, especially when you’ve waited all my life for us to meet.”
“Thank you for feeling the way you do.”
“It’s no chore. When I’m around you, I feel excited. You seem to have a strength flowing out from your soul. The stream has captured my heart.”
“They are words of a strong woman. It’s a trait I certainly love.”
“What’s the first thing we need to do?”
Haleton led Amber to the bathroom. “The first thing that has to be done is for you to have a warm shower and put on dry clothes. Your hair is still heavy from the rain.” He backed out of the small room, closing the door.
Eventually, Amber walked into the lounge-room, toweling her hair dry.
Haleton looked her way.
“When I stood under the shower, I thought about how you can blow the overhead lights. Tell me how you do it?”
“The answer is simple. The last time I was in the future I found a small black disc in the trash. It’s called a ‘Clicker.’” Haleton pulled the small oval disc from his pocket, clicking the button.
The light in the kitchen instantly blew.
“This small object releases an electronic pulse whenever the button on the side of the disc was pushed. A law was passed sometime in the future making it illegal to own one.” Gathering Amber in close, Haleton swept his lips close to hers.
She didn’t resist the advance.
Haleton could feel her warm breath. He heard her quickening heartbeat. He wanted to take the young woman and love her for the remainder of what little time remained. Knowing she loved him back would help to fill the void of the endless years ahead until maybe their paths crossed again. By his reckoning, he believed he had about eighty percent control over what year he’d be sent into by totally concentrating on the four numbers which made up the new year at the precise moment of his transportation into another time. If he could out-smart the curse maybe there might be an outside chance he’d be able to stay in the year 2010AD. He scrunched his nose. It was a long shot.
Amber craned her neck, waiting for their lips to melt together.
Haleton let her off the hook by stepping away.
“If I need to control my destination when the time comes, maybe if I have to wait to taste your lips again, it might be the best chance I have of staying in this year. I need all the help I can get. It might be the edge I need.”
Amber slowly nodded, walked across the room and stood in front of the electric fire.
“Have you thought of any fresh clues or exactly where the scroll might be?” she asked with a sigh.
“Just before the council of four forced me into drinking the liquid which changed me into a vampire, Rose-a-lee whispered in my ear I must remember the name Macularta and the number 777. I’ve no idea what the numbers represent,” admitted Haleton.
“Those numbers are described as God’s numbers,” suggested Amber.
“There are a lot of gods in this world.”
“The one I’m talking about is the God who created all things.”
“The only other clue I know; was years ago I tracked down a different priest who thought he remembers hearing about a scroll. The only thing he could tell me was a man known as the watcher insisted the scroll must remain in the care of a relative for eternity. The scroll must never be lost, destroyed or sold. I tracked down the last remaining relative of the watcher five hours after he died in a nursing home not far from a church right here in Melbourne Australia. I pieced together the remaining information when the woman in charge of the nursing home told me the relative of the watcher used to be the principal of a school in Queensland. She also claims the man’s ancestor whose name was Macularta loathed being a priest so much he left the church and headed for Melbourne. It is how the watcher was born.
“It sounds like the scroll might have been taken out of the coffin and placed somewhere else.”
“If you’re correct, we might never be able to find it,” said Haleton.
“Do you remember the name of the nursing home?”
“Lazy Pastures.”
“I’ll ring them,” announced Amber, reaching for the phone. She tapped the numbers on the phone pad and sat back in her chair waiting for a response.
“Hello,” croaked the voice of a woman.
“Good morning,” chirped Amber. “I’m hoping you can help me. I’m looking for the name of an ex-patient of yours who died several years ago.”
“Do you know what time it is?”
“6:57 in the morning.”
“Unless you’re the police or a coroner the information is classified.”
The phone line went dead.
“I’ve another idea,” said Amber, looking up at Haleton.
By 7:00am Amber sat in front of the computer, typing. She tried over a dozen times to log into the Lazy Pastures website.
“I think we should go visit the nursing home. We don’t have a whole lot of time. I think it might be quicker to be there in person,” groaned Haleton.
Amber looked up, giggling at his worried expression. “Technology, I don’t know how you managed to get along without it.”
“How can sitting behind a computer help to uncover the information we need?”
“You’ve been through time to the future and back, didn’t you ever use a computer?”
“No. I have witnessed the trouble the little box can give.”
“You have a lot to learn.”
Amber’s fingers hovered motionless over the keyboard. She looked puzzled.
“What’s wrong? Is the box giving trouble?”
“It’s a recurring problem, but not this time. I’m wondering what the future is like?”
“It’s not much different than what it is today. The only difference is; there are more people, who are rushing about trying to get where they’re going faster than possible; becoming more impatient each day. There are fewer trees and more buildings. People expect everything in seconds. No exceptions. To help speed things up they own small two-person flying automobiles. They buzz around in the air like flies. When they arrive at a multi-level car-park, the driver navigates into and lands in his reserved parking bay. The people take the elevator down to the ground. They sprint across the street only to enter a high-rise building where they sit behind a computer all day. When the sun starts to sink towards the ground, they go home. The only difference between 2010AD and the future is the people don’t use the keyboard. It’s only touch screen stuff, or they talk directly to it. The flat screen monitor has been discarded, replaced by an invisible screen.”
Hearing Haleton’s description of the future, Amber appeared to be lost in her thoughts. She seemed oblivious to the monitor’s red cursor flashes. She eventually realized the problem.
“I’ve been trying to search the births and deaths on the website belonging to Lazy Pastures. A password error has blocked me.”
“Are you positive going to the nursing home isn’t quicker?”
“I’m sure. The minute we get through the password error part, it’ll only take seconds to find the answer. Come on. I know someone who can help.”
Amber led Haleton to the elevator. When they stepped onto the roof they marched to the opposite side of the building. A fog settling over the area made visibility poor by blocking the dull light of the sun. Amber gazed at the street below, swallowing the lump in her throat. There were few people walking the street. The cars parked in front of the building resembled abandoned toys.
“Tell me something, did you carry me to my apartment from the train carriage?” asked Amber.
“Yes.”
“How did you manage to find access to my room? You should never have made it past the security guard in the lobby. He’s a stickler for paperwork. Everyone who enters or leaves the building must sign his ledger book.”
“I easily carried you as I ran up the outside of the building.”
Amber massaged her temples. “I had hoped that’s what happened. I’m glad I didn’t know.” She caught Haleton chuckling. Amber shook her head. “My friend we need to see lives in the building opposite mine. We can either both use the elevator and run across the street, or you can carry me.” She pointed to a window directly across from where they were standing. It looked small, but the room behind it appeared bright.
“I’ll take the shortcut if you don’t mind. It will save a lot of time.”
“Are you sure this will work? I’m staking my life on the fact everything is true, and you aren’t a crazed nut who has escaped the mental institution.”
“Search your heart; you’ll find the answer.” Haleton scooped Amber up in his arms. “Don’t let go. Please don’t scream. Ready?”
“No, not really, but I’ll only die once.”
Haleton squatted. He saw Amber close her eyes. He leaped from the rooftop, landing at the window of the next building. Amber’s eyelids snapped open. Her scream drowned in her throat. Haleton gripped the narrow window ledge using his fingertips of his free hand.
Amber exhaled, staring at the man holding her by one arm. “Everything you’ve said is the truth,” she stated.
“Yes, one-hundred percent.”
“At this time, I have no qualms against you. Every question I’ve thought of up to now has been frozen somewhere deep inside my mind.”
“Good to hear.”
Amber tapped on the partially open glass window. While waiting for a response, she looked at Haleton.
“I’ll give a quick run-down on my friend. His name is Craig Benyon. He likes fresh air at all times. Even in the dead of winter, the window remains open. He’s probably wearing earphones which are connected to any one of his many music players while he’s sitting at his beloved computer. I swear the man loves the machine more than anything in this world.”
“It sounds like he doesn’t have a girlfriend or any time for lady visitors,” hinted Haleton.
“You’re right: his days are full. Any leisure time he accrues he devotes to assembling old computers.”
Haleton easily lifted the window while securely holding Amber. After she entered the room, he joined her.
Amber looked down the short hallway to the study room. She saw no light oozing from under the door.
“From here I can tell Craig’s not perched behind the computer. He must be asleep.” She walked down the hallway and stood outside the first doorway on her right. “Craig, are you awake? It’s me, Amber.”
The lump under the blankets moved. The lump groaned. A dark haired twenty-year-old bloke opened his eyes. He hastily placed dark framed glasses on the bridge of his nose.
“What are you doing here? How did you get in?”
“There’s no time to explain. I need your help.”
“Come back in the daylight,” moaned Benyon, pulling the blankets over his head.
Amber opened the door and marched in. Reaching out she yanked back the covers. She squealed. “Do you always sleep naked?”
The boy shrieked. He lifted his hands to hide his manhood. “I’m awake. Leave my room. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Haleton hustled Amber out of the room, pulling the door shut.
Benyon walked into the loungeroom after a couple of minutes. His face instantly drained of color at the sight of Haleton.
“Who’s this, your boyfriend? Did you two meet at a masquerade party? Amber, where’s your fairy costume?”
“Craig, don’t start.”
“Why are you here, to gloat; to rub my nose in the mud? You could have at least told me you were seeing someone. The knowledge would’ve saved me from the embarrassment of having downed my knee to ask for your hand in marriage; correction to the statement, my complete humiliation. Amber, how could you?”
“Craig you’re so melodramatic.”
“You took advantage of me when you realized how much I loved you.”
“It’s not true,” said Amber.
Benyon dragged himself into the kitchen. He opened the refrigerator door, swiping an unopened wine bottle off the middle shelf. Rummaging through a cupboard, he found a large glass.
“What do you think you’re doing?” jeered Amber.
“What’s it got to do with you?”
“Everything,” she answered.
“I can only take so much. Did you know you only talk to me or come knocking on my door when you can’t get your computer to work?” Craig poured half a glass of wine, swallowing the liquid in one long gulp. “I’ve only seen you once this week. It happened when your old worn-out machine stopped working.”
“I didn’t know you were keeping count!” exclaimed Amber going red in the face. She walked over and gently prized the wine bottle out of Craig’s hand. “I don’t know why you grabbed the bottle; you don’t drink.” She watched him start to sob. Focusing on a tear rolling down his cheek, she whispered. “I’m sorry if I have offended you.”
“I’ll forgive you. Love always wins.” Craig wiped his eyes. He looked at her widening smile. “If the only reason you talk to me is when your computer breaks down, I’m happy you’re here.” He wrapped his arms around Amber, kissing her on the cheek.
“You are completely right about the computer deal. I apologize.”
“I have a feeling you didn’t come barging in here at this early hour bringing a gorilla for a bodyguard so you can say sorry.”
“You are correct.”
“I knew it. Your computer is acting up.”
“You’re sort of on the right track.”
Amber followed Craig into the lounge-room. Haleton brought up the rear.
“How did you gain entry? I locked the front door before I ate dinner. I rechecked that I locked the door after dinner,” growled Craig.
“Through the open window. It’s a long story,” stated Amber. She lifted both hands into the air.
“I feel it’s going to be a long day.”
Glancing at Haleton, Amber giggled. “I’m stuck on something. I need your help,” she said.
Craig looked directly at Haleton. He, in turn, barred his eye teeth, hissing. A growl quickly followed.
“I don’t believe in werewolves.”
“Please, don’t insult me. I’m a vampire.”
“I’m correct, this is going to be a very long day. Fella, news flash, vampires don’t exist. Amber, you picked him for your boyfriend over me? I am so thoroughly disappointed I don’t know where to begin. What does he have that I don’t?”
“It’s not important.”
“Are you certain?”
Amber tugged at Craig’s arm. “This is my friend William Haleton; Craig Benyon.”
“Take no offense. I don’t usually shake a fake vampire’s hand.”
“Suck it up,” jeered Amber, banging the heel of her foot on the floor. “I need you to hack into a website.”
“If he’s looking over my shoulder; I don’t think so. How do I know he’s not a cop?”
“Trust me, he’s no cop,” said Amber.
Haleton took a step closer. “I’m no cop, but I must insist you help.” He turned his attention to Amber. “I’d like to have a minute alone with Craig?”
“Be gentle,” she replied scooting into the kitchen.
Amber rummaged through the refrigerator as Haleton spoke.
“I’m not interested in what you have to say, or what you think of me or the request. I don’t even care if you believe I’m a crazy insane person who thinks I’m a vampire. The only thing you have to understand is the fact I can wipe your head from your shoulders in a blink of an eye. Nothing can kill me so save your strength. I need you to do what Amber has asked. Do you have any questions?”
Craig gulped down his fear, glaring at Haleton. “Okay, I’ll do it for Amber.”
“Thank you for your understanding. I thought the reason for your refusal to help might be due to the fact you aren’t intelligent enough.”
“Do you always get your way?”
“Yes.”
“What about when you were a kid?”
Haleton barred his long eye teeth again. He commenced a long low growl which seemed to rumble around the room.
“Forget I asked. I don’t want to open an old wound. What’s the name of the website you want me to hack into?”
“You’ve made a wise choice in deciding to help. The website is the ‘Lazy Pastures’ nursing home. I need to locate the name of a dead person.”
“I’m not even going to ask. What’s the name you want me to find?”
“The man’s name was Macularta.”
“I’ve never heard of a name so old-fashioned. I’d be surprised if it is a name.”
Haleton grabbed Craig by the collar, lifting him effortlessly off the floor. “Amber asked you to help. You agreed. I take men at their word.”
“Okay, okay, I’ll do it when you put me back on terra-firma.”
Haleton placed the man in a vertical position, straightening his shirt. “Are you clear on everything?”
“I sure am. Hey, are you a true vampire?”
“Yes.”
“Is there any chance of a demonstration?”
“Yes, after the task you have been given is completed.”
Craig sat at the computer in the corner of the room and began to tap the keyboard. A small flat screen hanging on the wall brightened. Lazy Pastures nursing home website came into focus.
“Password declined,” said the computer’s metallic voice through a speaker.
For the next ten minutes, Craig heard the same result. When he took a quick break, he stared at the wall in front of him.
“What are you doing?” asked Amber, walking over.
“I’m thinking.”
“Think faster,” urged Haleton.
“What exactly am I searching for? Don’t tell me the name Macularta. There’s more to all this.”
“I’m searching for a scroll which has the vampire antidote written on it. When discovered, I’ll be free from my curse. The scroll might be inside a coffin. The dead man was a guest at Lazy Pasture’s nursing home.”
“Could the antidote have been placed somewhere else?” asked Craig.
“No. I’m positive it will be in the coffin,” said Haleton.
“Forget about the antidote for the time being. Concentrate on the task at hand,” said Amber.
Craig lowered his fingers onto the keyboard and started moving them at speed. On the eleventh minute, he successfully opened the website.
“Access granted,” said the speaker.
“Talk about doing it easy,” boasted Craig.
Amber leaned forward to view his handy work. “Well done.”
The tone in her voice sounded luring. She kissed him on the cheek while Craig sat motionless as if frozen in time.
Haleton clicked his fingers under his nose, making him blink.
“Where am I?” mumbled Craig.
Haleton looked sideways at Amber. “Do you have special powers to render a male incapable of moving?”
“No, Craig thinks he loves me.”
“I do.”
Craig scrolled down names on the list while Amber and Haleton looked over his shoulder.
“What are those numbers next to the names mean?” asked Haleton.
“I suppose they represent the number of people who have died. We’re up to number three-fifty-one,” said Craig.
“Scroll down to the number 777,” suggested Haleton.
“If it goes that far.” Craig scrolled down the page, stopping at the number. “The grim reaper has been busy visiting the Lazy Pastures nursing home these past twenty years.”
“There were too many deaths,” reported Amber.
“Maybe foul play,” suggested Craig.
Haleton leaned closer to the monitor.
Craig looked sideways at the man. “You smell of garlic.”
Haleton growled. “What are you implying?”
“I’m only joking. Amber, can’t your boyfriend take a joke?”
She rolled her eyes. “Yes, but not cynical ones.”
“Craig, Macularta was the 777th death at the home,” stated Haleton. “He’d been given explicit instructions his name must never be changed or altered in any way for all eternity.”
“You sound like you know more than what you’ve told me?” growled Craig.
“I do.”
“Why didn’t you say?”
“I don’t know anything about you. For all, I know you might be working for Crompton. I must be certain my cousin can’t get his hands on the where-a-bouts of the original antidote. If he did no one will ever be able to stop the man. He mentioned he knows the formula. The problem is he doesn’t know where they put the original. I also guess Rose-a-lee told him a formula that wasn’t correct.”
“Who is Rose-a-lee and this Crompton dude?” asked Craig.
“Rose-a-lee was allegedly my ancestor back in 1749AD,” said Amber.
“Alex Crompton is someone you don’t want to meet,” stated Haleton.
“Is he a vampire too?”
“Yes, and he’s rotten to the core.”
Craig sat holding his head in his hands. “I have a headache.”
“Quit the act. Look up the local cemetery ledger. We need to find the exact location of where Macularta has been buried.” Glancing at Haleton’s concerned expression, Amber’s sincere smile looked to have melted his anxiety. “It’s okay we’ll find the scroll and soon.”
Haleton bowed, took hold of her right hand and kissed her knuckles. Craig rolled his eyes as his fingers again moved at speed over the computer keyboard. Haleton paced the floor. Amber kept a close watch on both men.
Craig ceased tapping on the keys, looking up at the pair. His eyes were ablaze. “We haven’t discussed payment yet.”
At lightning speed, Haleton grabbed the man by the throat. “I can snap your neck faster than I can break a toothpick. Cough up the information. The clock is ticking.”
“You’ve already said those words. If you carry out your threat, you won’t be able to extract the information I’ve uncovered. Try decoding the answer. You might be able to in about fifty years.”
Amber leaned on the desk. “Please, Craig you have to say what you found.”
“What about the gorilla?”
“I’m not into groveling. Craig this is important to me. I thought we were friends?” questioned Amber.
“We are. You know I wanted something more.”
“We’ve discussed this already. The best I can do is for us to stay friends.”
Craig weighed up his options. Eventually, he sighed. “Okay. I’m an easy-going bloke. I have two conditions.”
“What have you got in mind?” asked Amber.
“You have to kiss me on the lips for ten seconds. Next, I need a successful lesson from the gorilla on how to track down, wine and dine a woman who will want me in her life forever.”
“Deal,” blurted Haleton.
“Wait a minute. I’m not too thrilled with the deal,” moaned Amber.
“Why not, it sounds good to me? You and the gorilla get what you want. I get what I want,” said Craig.
Haleton released his hold on Craig. “I’ll agree to the blackmail if Amber accepts.”
“Craig, you’ve finally figured out a way to steal a kiss. I have no option, but to agree.”
“You won’t marry me, the least you can do is give me a kiss.”
Amber folded her arms. “I’ll consent only if you supply the information first.”
“How can I trust you?”
“Craig, I take what you’ve just said as an insult. I have never gone back on my word,” growled Amber.
“I’ve already made it known I live by my words. What I say I expect to do. It’s a good trait you should adopt,” Haleton advised.
“Do you always talk using ancient phrases?” asked Craig.
“Yes. I can’t help it. I happened to be born in the 1700’s.”
“Naturally; you’re a vampire. You’ll live forever.”
“Hopefully, if everything goes to plan, I will die one day.”
Craig Benyon displayed a wide grin. He swiveled in his seat and faced the computer. He then pushed several keys on the keyboard. In a matter of seconds, he looked up from the monitor. “This might take a while.” He began to walk out of the room.
“Where do you think, you’re going?” called Amber.
“I’m thinking about the password and how to get around it. I’ll bypass it soon. I just need to stretch.”
“I thought you already did and it’s encrypted?”
“I used a bluffed hand.”
Haleton shook his head and chuckling when Craig settled back at the computer. He slouched forward engrossed in tapping the keyboard. He abruptly stopped. His fingers appeared to be poised in mid-air ready to strike the next key. His face seemed mummified as he looked at the monitor. He looked to be scarcely breathing. When he finally managed to talk, his voice sounded shocked, surprised and excited.
“I did it. Amber, this is the first time I have ever been able to bypass a blocked website. I always knew I could do it, but never wanted to test my ability. It’s as though my fingers knew what to do.” Craig stood bracing himself against the table. He cleared his throat, portraying an all-knowing expression. “Macularta is buried in the cemetery not far from here in the rear south-west corner. It has the number ‘777’ written on the tombstone.”
Amber placed her arm over Craig’s shoulder. “Well done! You are an amazing man. Thank you for helping.” She swept her face close to his. Pushing both hands behind his head, she welded their lips. They were locked tight for at least thirty seconds. Haleton watched in disbelief. He threw his hands into the air, marching towards the door.
Amber finally pushed Craig to arm’s length. She looked directly at him. His eyes were shut as he swayed from side to side.
“That kiss felt amazing,” mumbled Craig. “What did you think of the kiss?”
Amber giggled, running towards the door.
“I don’t want to be a party damper. Did you have to kiss the bloke longer than ten seconds?”
“William, do I hear a jealous tone?”
On the other side of the door, Haleton grabbed Amber’s hands and gathered her in close. He dipped her slowly halfway to the floor, allowing her hair to fall from her shoulders. Without saying a word, he showed the young lady the correct way to kiss. He held her suspended in his arms for well over a minute. Their lips melted into each other for the same amount of time. Haleton watched the girl for a sign of finalizing the scene. She gave no indication. When he finally brought her back to a vertical position, Amber felt breathless.
Haleton didn’t speak a word or asked her to compare the difference between the two kisses. He allowed her to churn the two romantic scenes over in her mind. He knew when she was ready to choose which kiss, she enjoyed more, he felt confident she’d pick the correct answer. Leaving Amber to make up her mind by remaining silent was his trend. In hundreds of years, the style never let him down. Only a long-term relationship blocked the idea that he wanted to be a surgeon. Of all the women, he’d known none wanted him to be so brutal.
Amber’s eyes widened. She swallowed the lump in her throat. Her lips parted slightly, but she couldn’t bring herself to talk. When she did, Haleton would devour every word of her opening sentence. Eventually, Amber gave up trying to talk and led the way out of the building.
The drizzle and fresh air revitalized Amber’s thoughts. She tugged on Haleton’s shoulder. With a mischievous look he faced her.
“You didn’t ask which kiss I thought might have been the best. All the boys I’ve ever kissed insist I tell them immediately.”
“Just like you said, boys want to know. They need to find out the answer so they can build their ego. I have no need to find the answer to the question when I already know the answer.”
“You seem sure of yourself,” said Amber.
“I never say a word after kissing a girl. Eventually, curiosity gets the better of her. She hesitantly brings up the subject. Small talk starts then the conversation changes to in-depth dialogue. Slowly the wheel turns. When the cogs stop the arrow always points to love.”
Amber giggled. She was still shaking her head when Craig came sprinting up behind the pair.
“You forgot to tell me a single hint on how to love a woman!” exclaimed Craig.
Amber’s eyebrows shot up. She flashed Haleton an astounded look which signaled; ‘I don’t know how you did it. I think the arrow has stopped on the word love.’
Haleton politely excused himself from Amber’s side. He escorted Craig across the street to the shadow of a brick wall. For a full two minutes, they were talking in the grey dawn and the rain. Craig eventually slapped Haleton on the shoulder. They shook hands then parted ways. Craig ran back towards his apartment. Haleton sprinted across the street to where Amber waited for his return.
“What advice did you tell Craig? He looks the happiest I’ve ever seen.”
“I suggested after he kisses a girl, he doesn’t say a word. He has to allow the young lady to digest the feeling. The minute the girl mentions the subject she will be yours.”
“Is that right?”
“It works every time.”
Amber resumed giggling while they marched in the direction of the cemetery. The few men they walked past studied her womanly shape. Haleton could hear their whispers. Each comment was of the girl’s magnificence and how majestic she walked. One middle-aged man, a young lady, hanging off his arm couldn’t take his gaze off Amber. His whispered comment echoed in Haleton’s ears.
‘The girl walking next to the man wearing the top hat and tails could easily be awarded the Miss Universe crown.’
Amber looked sideways at Haleton. “To raise the question, you already know the answer to; you were the best kisser. Craig didn’t kiss me back. It’s the reason why we are only friends. You, on the other hand, William Haleton, are the most amazing kisser and the most interesting person I’ve ever known.”
“I’ve had plenty of time to practice.”
Amber let go of his hand and sprinted ahead. “I guess I’ve fallen in line behind all the others!”
“Now who’s the jealous one?” he called.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN



AMBER LOOKED over her shoulder displaying an innocent expression which spelled out the words ‘come and chase me.’
The look taunted Haleton.
Amber turned away, forcing her long hair to trap the dull light from the nearest streetlight. Haleton felt overcome. His knees buckled from his weight. The feeling wasn’t familiar. Fate had thrown a love dart.
Haleton watched the girl sprint across the road. Through the fog a truck’s headlights highlighted her image. If Haleton didn’t move faster than he’d ever done, her death would be assured.
In the time, it takes the valves of a human heart to open and close Haleton was on the move.
Amber seemed oblivious to the large vehicle bearing down on her.
Haleton threw off the love feeling to focus on what lay ahead. He knew his rescue attempt, either saving Amber or watch her die by being crushed to death will only take a matter of seconds. Her death would be quick. He took comfort in the fact she’d feel no pain.
Amber stood in the middle of the road smiling at him. The noise from the truck’s powerful engine echoed off the objects on both sides of the road. What Haleton couldn’t understand is why the truck deliberately changed direction. It seemed like the driver wanted to deliberately run her down. He couldn’t afford to waste a single second to view the driver, not if he wanted even a slim chance to save her. As it stood, he gave Amber only a seventeen percent chance to survive and a zero chance to walk away unscathed.
In between steps, Amber’s body weight transferred from her back foot to her front foot. To grab her and race across the road would have been the easiest thing to accomplish if only the headlights of the truck were turned off.
Haleton spied a rock in easy reach. The thought entered his mind to throw it at the headlight. He knew he could easily smash it, but will the light go out in time and what of the second headlight. There were no more rocks. The second headlight beam from the truck will still have Amber in a spotlight, resembling daylight. Good for the truck driver, no good for him. He’d dematerialize into a shadow in a heartbeat. Again, Haleton thought of the driver, deciding it must be deliberate. The image of Alex Crompton entered his thoughts. Yes, it could be a possibility. How quickly life can change. One-minute close cousins, the next minute they hated each other.
Haleton focused on Amber. Her face looked slightly strained. She proved to be fast. Her back foot was now ahead of her front foot. Amber looked to be picking up speed in an attempt to avoid the truck. The net of light highlighted her entire upper body. Somehow, he must succeed in the rescue. At worse-case, he’d be the only survivor. He wasn’t sure if he’d be able to cope if he made a wrong judgment.
Sprinting, Haleton’s feet were only lightly skimming the asphalt. Water particles were mushrooming up from a puddle he had stepped into. Already Haleton could feel his body tingling as rogue particles of light bombarded and embedded into his exposed flesh. A few more heartbeats and he’d be able to grab Amber. His timing needed to be exact if he wanted to win the dash.
Amber looked ready to scream. Haleton watched helplessly as she tripped over something which the driver threw from the moving truck. The object hit her left knee. Haleton could tell she was going to fall hard onto the road. Calculating the line of sight with the truck’s front wheel, Haleton knew it would roll over her rib cage. By the time, he reached Amber and pushed against her torso to save her; he’d be a shadow. Her life will be at an end. The Cantala name will be gone. Alex Crompton would win.
Haleton doubled his efforts. Amber’s left shoulder dropped to only centimeters off the road. Instead of running through the beams of light Haleton dived flat. His body scraped the road. As Amber crashed to the tarred surface, the truck’s headlights passed over them. The large front tyre missed her head by the width of a human hair. Amber’s body shielded Haleton from the truck’s headlights. His body protected her from the rough road.
Haleton pushed Amber flat on the road and watched the truck’s rusty subframe flow harmlessly over them. He quickly helped Amber to the other side of the road where he made her sit on the footpath.
Haleton sprinted for the truck. If the driver happened to be Alex Crompton, he wasn’t going to get away again.
Haleton caught up to the truck by the time it reached the first bend in the road. He leaped onto the back-roller door, clinging to the handle. Hurling himself up and onto the roof, the truck entered the bend. In two large steps, he firmly planted his feet on the bonnet. Looking through the windscreen, the scene almost made him choke on his saliva. The male driver appeared to be dead; bitten on the neck. Blood still oozed from two puncture wounds in his jugular vein. The old driver’s eyes were open. His body still convulsed as if it tried to tell his brain he wasn’t dead.
The truck rammed through a wire fence, heading for a shallow creek. Haleton jumped and watched the truck nose-dive into the stagnant water. He stood in the dark listening to the engine die. His eyes glistened for the first time since the start of the curse. He slowly shook his head at the alarm bells ringing in his mind. Looking back down the road, he caught a whiff of a familiar smell. The scent caused a shiver to shoot down his back. His brain clicked into overdrive. His thoughts mingled and mashed together to form one large alarming inconceivable evil idea. His heart quickened, pounding against his rib cage. Haleton could hear nothing except the heartbeat in his ears. His vampire fangs quickly extended to full length. He made a low rumbling growl. It sounded endless. Sprinting back to where he left Amber sitting, he pushed his emotions to the side. He felt annoyed at being tricked and Amber used for bait.
Haleton yelled inwardly at the thought of Crompton standing so close to the unguarded Amber Cantala. What of Craig, surely, he’d be in the equation. He had left the area to walk home. Haleton doubled his efforts to retrace his steps. It wasn’t in Crompton’s character to allow a mortal to live. He needed an innocent victim. Both Amber and Craig might have stuck fast in his murderous web. The plan couldn’t have been any more perfect.
Haleton got back to where he left Amber. Twirling in circles, he looked for Crompton or the bodies of his friends on the dead quiet street.
“Crompton, where are you?” yelled Haleton.
The only noise came from a field mouse darting through the branches of a small bush in the search for food.
Haleton again yelled at the top of his voice. “Crompton, let Amber and Craig live their life to the fullest. They mean nothing to you. Let them be.”
“William, what a pleasant surprise, it’s good to see you again.”
Haleton twisted around and stood square to Crompton. “Where’s Amber?”
“Is that any way to talk to me? I thought after our last encounter you’d have been more hospitable.”
Haleton hissed at the man.
“Don’t make me laugh. You know perfectly well I don’t scare easily.” Crompton casually waved his hand in front of his face.
“Are you positive?”
Crompton sighed and pointed his finger at Haleton. “I’m quite sure.”
“I wouldn’t grow too comfortable in your thinking. Where are they? Tell me or else!”
“You’ll do what? Try and kill me again. We both know the idea will never work.”
“I’ll hound you for all eternity if you hurt my friends in any way.”
“Eternity is a long time. Before you launch your scathing attack, I want to show you something. Cast your gaze on the building across the street.” Crompton made a high-pitched whistle.
A face appeared at the top of the four-storey building. Craig’s mouth was taped, and his hands bound tight behind his back. His feet were tied together at the ankles.
“If you look across the street at the roof of the opposite building, you’ll be in for a treat.”
Haleton looked up at the roof. He spied Amber. She was a mirror image of the tied and gagged Craig. Haleton snarled at Crompton.
“What do you want in return for their safety?”
“I hope you’re not begging for me to save their mortal life?”
“What do you want?”
“Join my gang.”
“Never,” spat Haleton.
“That’s a shame. I’m concerned the mortals going by the name of Craig Benyon and Amber Cantala won’t live to see the next sunrise let alone midday.”
“You know I can catch both of them.”
“It’s a contingency plan I did consider. The idea kept me deep in thought for nearly a minute. I did, however, find a solution to the problem. I’ve decided to let you in on my idea. Give me a moment to explain the rules. There aren’t many. For you to make a wise decision, I need a minute to explain.”
“I will allow you to have thirty seconds,” growled Haleton.
“I love the way you think you’re holding the winning cards,” hissed Crompton.
“Make your play.”
The man wearing the black top hat and tails hissed his idea. “You see it will go exactly like the following. I will signal my men to place Cantala and Benyon on the top edge of the building they are standing on. I will ask you one last time to join my gang. Of course, you’ll refuse. I’ll signal my gang to give Cantala and Benyon a slight push, or if you’d prefer me to call them Amber and Craig, either way, works for me. Both hostages will fall to the ground headfirst. What you need to ask yourself is; William Haleton, my dear cousin, which one are you going to try to save? I’ll give you a moment to consider your options. I’m betting the first thing you’ll say is; you will still be able to save them both. Don’t bother to convince me. I tried a small experiment on a copy of what you are about to attempt. Let me tell you I couldn’t run fast enough across the road to save both mannequins which I stole from a dress shop. So, you see I know I’ll win. I don’t want you to stop my excitement by telling me which you will save. I don’t care.” Crompton pushed two fingers into his mouth and made another sharp whistle.
Amber and Craig were forced to stand on the top edge of their building. They both looked at the other. Craig nodded at Amber. She raised an eyebrow.
“By the looks of things, I could swear Benyon loves the girl. Too bad it never worked out,” jeered Crompton.
Haleton checked his watch. “It looks like you’ve left me no choice except to join your gang.”
“How sweet it is to hear the words coming from your mouth. I did want you to try my experiment. My gang and I made a bet you’d save the girl.”
“How do I know one of our cronies won’t push the mortals from the roof?”
“You don’t,” answered Crompton.
“I said I’d join, but on one condition.”
“I don’t care for the mortals; I want you.”
“I care.”
“It’s a weakness I’m prepared to overlook. You’ll get used to it. Soon you won’t care either. Boys, drop the pair over the side. I have what I want. Haleton, kneel so I can make it official.”
Haleton glared at his cousin. “You’re out of time.”
Crompton looked up at his gang members. They hovered in the air for a moment then one by one the plumes of midnight black colored smoke vanished.
Crompton checked his pocket watch. His eyes widened. “You deliberately stalled so you could watch my gang disappear.”
“I told you our paths would cross one day to waste time. The council of four succeeded. When we first met, I checked my watch. I’m short of time too. However, you were here before me.”
Crompton sprinted towards his foe. Halfway to Haleton, Crompton also disappeared in a plume of black smoke.
Haleton ran up the side of the building to untie Amber. He jumped to the opposite building carrying her safely in his arms. In seconds, he’d set Craig free.
While Amber hugged and kissed her hero, Craig walked off towards the center of the building. He reached out and opened the door to the stairwell. He hesitated just long enough to view the love scene.
“You two should go somewhere private, nut out anything standing between you, get married and live a long, happy life.” Craig faked a smile. “I’m going home. I’ve been through too much excitement for any mortal man in any one day. When you need me, you know where I live.”
“Be careful on your way home, Crompton might still be in this time zone hanging from a tree branch for a chance to bite,” called Haleton.
Amber chuckled, waving him away.
“I’ll be fine, thanks for caring.” Craig shut the stairwell door in his wake.
Haleton focused on Amber. “It’s not my intention to break up a party. Time is short. Crompton and his gang arrived in this time ten hours before I did. My time here is counting down fast.”
Amber had a look of a girl who was about to panic. “I hope Craig gets home okay.”
“I’m positive he’ll be fine.”
Although Haleton sounded convincing, Amber walked next to him, with a concerned expression on her face. She studied each thick bush as they walked.
“I never want to run into Crompton again. Like Craig, I’ve seen enough of his appearance,” said Amber.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN



AMBER LOOKED along the three-metre-tall wrought iron cemetery wall in both directions, displaying a defeated expression. The main gates had a pattern of flowers welded in the middle and appeared to be securely locked. The heavy chain wrapped around the edges of the gates looked strong enough to anchor a large ship in a raging storm. Amber took hold of the padlock, rattling the chain. To her left on the inside of the wall, she saw a large body of water. It looked stagnant. The air felt cool and moist. She rubbed the goosebumps on her arms and shivered in the mid-morning temperature. She glanced briefly at the billowing mist. It hovered about two metres above the surface. A whiff of a breeze made the mist blanket the entire cemetery.
“I don’t like it here. The fog makes it worse. It’s eerie and cold,” moaned Amber.
Haleton rubbed the skin on Amber’s arms. “It’s okay. Now is the best time to be here. There’s no one about.”
“Exactly my point. It’s a nightmarish place to visit. Did I mention my dislike of cemeteries? Especially a fog-shrouded one. They all look uninviting outside of business hours,” whispered Amber.
“There’s nothing to fear. Everyone in this place is dead,” explained Haleton.
“Those words make it worse.”
“Be brave. Amber, there are no ghosts, I promise.”
She looked around the area for the umpteenth time. Squeezing Haleton’s half-shadow of a hand Amber mumbled. “There’s no natural light, no life, no noise.”
“It’s okay. We certainly won’t be disturbed. We’ll be in and out in record time.”
“Have you thought a security guard might be walking about?”
“No. Why should there be?”
Amber rolled her eyes. “Some cemeteries have guards to stop vandalism.”
“The word has never been heard of back in 1749AD.”
“If we are caught trespassing, we’ll be in big trouble.”
“Trust me; it’ll be alright.”
Amber and Haleton had come through the last several hours unscathed. Haleton resembled a man who didn’t have a care in the world. Amber, on the other hand, looked a mess.
“William, I feel exhausted. I’m positive I look lousy.”
“You look wonderful,” he said, trying to reassure.
“How can I when I don’t feel it?”
“Don’t worry. We have a job to do. Everything will be fine.”
“It’s easy for you to say,” she whispered.
Haleton stepped into the brightening mist, instantly turning into a shadow.
Amber muffled a giggle by clasping her hand over her mouth. “For a shadow, you feel heavy.”
“Come on, let’s find a way in.”
Haleton floated through the cast iron gates. Amber followed by walking along the outside of the wall. When she came to an opening which looked wide enough, she squeezed through.
The pair walked to the southwest corner, squatting next to a row of thin pine trees that were planted to hide the old wrought iron fence.
Amber shone a light from a pencil size torch onto the many silent graves.
“I’m trying my best not to be scared. I think I’m losing the battle.”
Haleton cradled Amber in his arms. “I promise the dead people won’t come alive.”
“I know.”
“I believe the sooner we’re out of here, the happier you’ll be. Shine your torch on this row of tombstones to my right. Hopefully, what we’re searching for isn’t far,” said Haleton.
Amber walked along the narrow row at the rear of the cemetery. At the end she stood in front of an old cracked, weather-beaten tombstone. The pinprick of light that was coming from her torch, she bought from the local shop, zeroed in on the faint inscription. “The only thing I can read is the number 777,” she said.
Haleton silently drifted over, hovering over the grave.
“Seeing you as a shadow is hard to get used to.”
Haleton’s black transparent hand patted the side of her cheek. “I look forward to the time when I’ll see my shadow how it’s supposed to be. When the time comes, I’ll be able to hold your hand in the daylight.”
Amber gave the area another cursory glance. She squatted and began cleaning dirt from the engraved letters using her index finger.
“The inscription reads; ‘here lies Macularta; he was a good priest to William Haleton.’”
“We’ve hit the jackpot,” announced Haleton.
Amber lowered her voice to a decibel above a whisper. “It looks like we might have to dig into the coffin to find the scroll. Let’s hope it’s still inside and hasn’t been stolen or worse, Rose-a-lee either forgot to place it in Macularta’s coffin, or couldn’t.”
Through sad eyes, Haleton looked at her. “I hope the scroll is there. Both Macularta and Rose-a-lee knew a woman by my side, and the vampire antidote is the only things I crave. There must be a clue. Rose-a-lee would have told Macularta after the death of the one hundredth evil soul I’ll be transported into another time. I can’t allow it to happen. I’d never see you again.”
“I’d wait for you.”
Haleton shook his head. “You can’t. Our paths may never cross again. I can’t believe this. We’re so close.” He checked his pocket watch. “I have only four hours remaining.”
“We have to make every second count. Come on let’s leave this place. Maybe Craig has discovered some information on the computer.”
Haleton watched her retrace their steps to the gap in the wall. He glanced at the tombstone one last time.
He took two steps then stopped to look back at the gravesite.
“What’s wrong?” whispered Amber. She turned on her toes and marched back.
“There’s something bothering me about the inscription.”
“Don’t tell me you want to dig the priest’s bones up?”
“No.”
“Good. If you wanted to, you could do it on your own. I think we have just about outstayed our welcome.” Amber pointed to a small faint light at the front of the cemetery. It looked to be shining at them. “I bet the security guard is wondering why there’s a small light in this rear corner.”
“It looks to be moving this way.” Haleton sidestepped up to the grave. “I won’t be long.”
Amber clicked her torch off. She squatted, watching the dull light bouncing towards them.
Haleton focused on the gravestone. “The words themselves might be clues.” He read each word out loud. “Nothing sounds wrong. Come on let’s go. Besides, the light which was coming this way has gone out. Who knows how close the security guard is?”
The sudden cool breeze forced the temperature to drop which in turn made the fog more dense. The few lights dotting the paths that illuminated the ground at various intervals could barely be seen.
“It’s ghostly quiet,” Amber stated.
“Yes, it is,” Haleton answered studying the letters one last time. “Hold on for a few more seconds.”
“We don’t have too much longer. Whatever you do, I think you had better do it right now. I thought I heard footsteps crunching the pea stones,” whispered Amber.
“Keep a watchful eye on the area. Let me know if you see the guard.”
Amber stared through the fog in the general direction of where she saw the light.
Using his fingertips, Haleton reached out to rub the letters etched into the marble tombstone. “My name has a prominent feel to it.”
“What are you talking about?” mumbled Amber, glancing at the place Haleton pointed. She shot her hand out, grabbing his shirt. Her eyes were bulging. Her face looked mortified. She pointed at the narrow pea stoned path crisscrossing the many rows of tombstones to the halfway point before turning slightly diagonal as it wound its way to the small front office. Eventually, her shoulders slumped. She exhaled in relief. “I thought the guard was here.”
“It’s okay. We won’t be much longer. Rub your hand over the letters. You’ll feel what I’ve discovered.”
Amber moved her fingers across the surface of Haleton’s name. “One of the letters feels a bit different.”
Haleton leaned in to study the letters more closely. When his fingers touched the letter ‘N’ in his name, the letter moved. He pushed it gently. The letter receded. He gambled and pushed the remaining letters in his name. When each of the letters looked flush against the marble tombstone, a piece of marble popped up like a slice of toast from a toaster. Haleton tugged at the end of the small piece of marble. It fell into his hand. It was only a splinter no larger than Amber’s small, slender finger, but it left a small cavity.
He looked inside. Amber took a gander over his shoulder. Her eyes were ablaze. “There’s an old piece of canvas in the slot.”
“What we need is a small stick. I only hope the material is the scroll and the antidote has been written on it,” said Haleton.
Amber pulled a hairpin from her hair. “This is smaller than a stick. You should be able to retrieve the cloth without causing damage.”
Haleton watched Amber’s hair cascading over her shoulders. He raised an eyebrow as he took the pin. For a few seconds, their fingers touched.
“What are you thinking?”
“I’m not sure if I should tell you. I’m a gentleman. My thoughts must remain silent.”
“You have to stop living in the year 1749AD. You are in the modern era. I’ve heard just about everything.”
“I keep forgetting. I’ve been thinking how pleasing on the eye you are. The feeling of your skin against mine is more precious than any gem on this planet.”
“Are you sure? I think a diamond ring might feel pretty good.”
Haleton chuckled. “I was trying to be romantic.”
“Keep trying, practice makes perfect, though I have to say, I do love the feeling of your skin touching mine.” Amber teased him by shaking her head slightly allowing her hair to catch the faint dawn light.
“Now you’re taunting me.”
“I know.”
Haleton switched his attention to the piece of canvas. Slowly he extracted the fragile material.
Amber again tugged at his shirt. “I think we have company.”
Haleton stared down the weed covered path on his right, listening. He lifted his finger to his lips. Light footsteps in heavy boots were the first noise they heard. The same noise came again and again. Haleton slowly nodded. A man wearing boots was indeed walking towards them. Every third step he heard a slight scrape of a boot heel dislodging the surrounding pea stones. A slight groan overlapped the noise of the boots when the intruder’s speed slowed at the top of the rise. Haleton caught a whiff of the stranger’s aftershave and when he heard something accidently scrape the side of a tombstone the noise gave away the intruder’s exact where-a-bouts.
The man’s stealth surprise was too noisy for a vampire. Amber’s earlier warning about a security guard roaming around the cemetery seemed correct.
Haleton only just managed to place the small piece of rolled up canvas carefully in his coat pocket before they both heard a shout. A narrow beam of light followed, shining on their work.
“Don’t move. I’m arresting you both for the destruction of cemetery property,” yelled the security guard.
Haleton quickly replaced the marble fragment. Leading Amber by the hand they sprinted towards the fence. The narrow opening, they found on the way in wasn’t far from the gravesite. Haleton pushed Amber through the gap. He readied himself to follow.
The security guard cornered Haleton who in turn stood to full height. Using a deep-throated rumble which seemed to last for well over a minute, the guard backed away and ran off. The faint beam of light from his torch bounced wildly as he picked the correct path that led to the front office.
“Come on. We need to find a safe place to view the cloth,” whispered Amber.
As the guard stopped running, he lifted his mobile phone to his ear. Haleton and Amber didn’t know he was talking into the phone and pointing a short stubby finger in their direction. Running out of the cemetery, the guard picked up their trail and pushed his phone deep into his pocket.
An elderly man with a bent back and drooping shoulders extracted advertising material from his letterbox. Clutching the bundle tight, he stared as the guard quietly walked past his property. The old man leaned against the fence. He mimicked a statue the whole time he stood watching the guard. When the street returned to its usual, peace and quiet, the old man shuffled back up his driveway to the front door.
“Mavis, I’ve just witnessed the most bizarre thing I have ever seen,” he mumbled.
“What did you see Stan?”
“When I was standing at the letterbox, I saw a young pretty lady walking past.”
“That’s it, your big highlight?”
“No. The young lady in question walked with two shadows.”
“Have you been drinking again in secret?”
“Mavis, it’s too early in the day.”
“I suppose this second shadow talked to you?”
“To tell you the truth, it did.”
“Stan, I think it’s time for you to live in a nursing home.”
“Mavis the shadow was very polite. It said good morning then a security guard walked past. He explained he had been following the young lady and the talking shadow.”
“I think you should show me where they went. If there’s any trouble I’ll call the police,” said Mavis shaking her head.
At the letterbox, Stan pointed one of his bony fingers in the direction Amber went. Mavis’ jaw fell open. She looked to be trying to talk. Her words sounded no louder than stuttering whispers.
“Morning to you both, now take my advice; go back inside your home.”
“Mr. Shadow who are you?” asked Stan.
“Yes, yes, who?” mumbled Mavis.
“My name is Crompton. Here’s a warning. One word about the young lady walking ahead of me or of myself to anyone; I’ll come looking for you. Don’t forget I know where you both live.”
Stan grabbed Mavis by the arm. Together they shuffled off in the direction of their house. No sooner did they enter, Crompton slipped through the open side window. He materialized in the dark corner of the room, glaring at the elderly couple.
“Don’t forget; one word about me and I’ll be standing right here waiting to drain your bodies of blood.”
Stan bravely stepped closer to protect his wife. “I survived being shot down behind enemy lines in the second world war. I’m not afraid of you. Don’t ever come back here again. If you do, I’ll give you a good fight.”
Crompton took a step and grabbed the man by the neck. He lifted the man’s featherweight frame off the floor.
“I could snap your neck like a toothpick. In seconds you’d be dead. I can hear your heart quicken. It’s revealing you’re scared out of your wits. If you like, I’ll allow you to have the first punch.”
“Please, Sir, put my husband down. He’s old and frail.”
Crompton stared at Mavis’ old brown eyes. He created a haunting laugh. “I must be growing soft.” After dropping the man, he watched him crumple to the carpet. “I have to hurry. I need to find an evil soul so I can quench his life flame. On second thoughts, I need someone who is young, full of life. It’ll be more sporting, and I know exactly where to find him.”
Crompton stepped up to the window and into the faint sunlight breaking through the fog. He immediately transformed into a whiff of black smoke. He floated through the window and vanished.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN



AMBER AND Haleton ran across the road and down several side streets. A single storey building loomed out of the swirling mist three minutes from the cemetery. They jumped the metre-high wire fence and surveyed the grounds.
The area seemed whisper quiet.
Holding Amber’s hand, Haleton led the way around to the other side of the building where they discovered two windows. One was wide open; the other smashed.
The first room they looked in resembled a squatter’s paradise. A folded yellowing newspaper was on the dust covered floorboards in the corner under a stack of four chairs.
“I hope we were successful in our endeavor to hide our tracks?” mentioned Amber.
“I think it’s safe to say we made a clean get away.”
“Maybe we should watch the outside world for a few more minutes.”
“If it will put your mind at ease?” said Haleton.
Amber looked out of the window at the abandoned school grounds. “I can’t see past the thick bush, covering the window. The next room might have been the perfect pick.”
“Then let’s move to the next room,” suggested Haleton.
He walked to the door and found it locked. He led Amber over to the window and helped her scramble outside.
The second room looked to be the same as the first. Amber pushed her head out of the broken window pane and studied the surrounding area.
The white fog started to thin. The first rays of the sun were warming the air making the birds chirp. Amber noticed movement not far from the school, but a medium size native tree prevented her from seeing past it.
She grunted at an over-zealous dog leaping from behind the tree as it led the female jogger towards the school oval. Amber turned away from the window. “All clear on the security guard front.”
“Good.”
“This room appears to be a derelict,” she said.
“Yes, it is.”
“You sound over positive. How can you be so sure?” Amber probed.
“This is the exact piece of land a ten-storey building will be built on, in the year 2012.”
“You know this from your trips into the future?”
“Yes. I asked the locals what was here before the building. They assured me the land had been set aside for a new school. The government in their wisdom sold the land due to the drop in enrolments in the area.”
“Why did you need to know the history of the land a building will be built on?”
“The tenth floor belonged to you.”
“Me!”
“Don’t sound so shocked. You are a very successful business-woman.”
“Tell me, what sort of business will I be into?”
“Maybe I shouldn’t say.”
Amber stood square to Haleton, pushing her hands onto her hips. “I think I have the right to know.”
For a time Haleton remained deep in thought weighing up the pros and cons about answering the question. “The tenth floor is designated for your medical clinic. The office has a great view. There’s an endless queue in the waiting room. Your appointment books for every one of the twelve rooms are full.”
“I made it through my studies?”
“You graduated top of your class.”
Amber shook her head. “This is too much to handle all at the same time.”
Haleton stepped to her side, cradling her in his arms. “I know how you feel. It is a hard thing to digest.”
“You’ve certainly got that right,” said Amber.
“Tomorrow when everything has settled down you will be able to make sense of it all.” Haleton took hold of Amber’s hand and walked her over to a bench. “I don’t want to interrupt your analysis of me, but I need your help in reading the cloth. The clock is ticking.”
Amber watched Haleton carefully unfold the material and place it on the bench. “The material looks old,” she said.
“Yes, old and fragile. At the top left-hand corner of the cloth, what remains of an emblem appears to have been stamped into the material.”
“To me, it looks like a drawing of a ring the priest wore. The letters were written in black ink. What a shame the letters are almost completely faded,” reported Amber.
“If it weren’t for my vampire senses, I’d have difficulty in reading what it says.”
Amber looked sideways at Haleton. Her eyebrows angled to a point. Her voice sounded full of doubt. “You can read them?”
“Yes, I can.”
“What does it say?”
“Haleton, if you are reading this, I’m happy for you. The antidote has been written on a website to help preserve it. To open the website, you need to have a password. ‘777.’ I can’t say anything more in case Crompton finds the antidote and changes the formula. You’ll work it out. ‘P.T.M.’”
Amber straightened her back. “What do the three initials stand for?”
“At a guess, I’d say Macularta.”
“How could a priest from 1749AD know about a website? It’s all too coincidental.”
“What are you trying to say?”
“All this business of antidotes to a vampire curse and the like; have you set me up?” questioned Amber.
“No. I’d never do such a horrible thing.”
“I’m fighting against those doubt ideas again,” admitted Amber.
Haleton turned from the face of the only woman he ever wanted to love. He knew it would be impossible for her to believe the tale of the blood red rose. How could he blame her? He and Amber were from two completely different times. He’d probably feel the same if the tables were turned. He hated the notion she might never love him back. How he loathed the curse the council of four bestowed upon him. He’ll never understand why they did such a horrific thing.
Haleton made a move to walk out of the room.
Amber grabbed him by the arm. “Don’t you dare to even contemplate walking off.”
Haleton growled his warning.
“You can’t scare me off so easily mister.”
“Leave me alone.”
Haleton pulled away. He was at the door to the room in a blink of an eye. He pushed the door off its hinges and followed the air-borne door into the corridor.
Amber found her hero pacing the corridor on her right. She walked up to him, standing in his path. “William, you didn’t answer my question.”
Shaking his head, Haleton chuckled.
“You think all this is funny?”
“No not in the least.”
“If you’re telling me the truth, I think you should let me in on the joke.”
“If I don’t laugh at this horrendous vampire curse it will send me insane.”
Amber shrugged. “I can only imagine.”
“You are indeed a stubborn woman.”
“I’d call it; determined.”
“Are you saying you want to be near me? To be my friend?” asked Haleton.
“I want to be by your side forever. I just need time to understand.”
Amber and Haleton looked at the other. They chuckled at the same time.
“Please, I need to know one thing; is this entire mess you are in, on the level or am I being set up for a movie?”
“I wish it were a setup,” answered Haleton.
“I think you should explain it to me.”
“The vampire antidote has been handed down through the generations by someone other than Macularta. The unknown person obviously placed the information on a website.”
“You don’t sound too convincing.”
“I’m at a loss to understand it myself,” admitted Haleton.
“For now, let me say I agree. I’m sure in time the truth will be discovered. I think we should focus on the task at hand.”
The pair walked back to the room. Haleton held the small piece of square canvas to eye level. “Amber, please be a gem and shine the torchlight on the words.”
When the light lit the surface of the material, Haleton saw the words he had overlooked.
“Buried with me is the answer you seek. Find the book titled; ‘Blood Red Rose.’ You must read the last line standing at the altar after you have swallowed the antidote; 777.”
Haleton carefully rolled the canvas up placing it gently into his coat pocket. He checked his watch. “Three hours remaining. We have to go.”
“I’m not going anywhere with you. I’ve decided I need a straight answer, right now.”
“I can’t give you one. To answer your questions, I have to show you.”
“I need something more than to be shown,” said Amber. The tone of her voice didn’t side on attack or defend; it lay somewhere in between. “Please, tell me everything about this supposed vampire curse. I’m confused about my feelings for you. I need to settle all this in my heart before we go any further.”
“I don’t think you could cope.”
“Thank you. I’ve heard everything I need to know.”
Haleton watched Amber walk away. He stood at the window long after she left the room. His spirit dropped to its lowest point he’d ever known. He could feel another bout of depression setting in. He opened the material he found at the grave and read the note again. It revealed nothing new. He felt helpless as he came to the realization, he had just lost the love of a wonderful young woman. He’d been too wrapped up in himself to be aware she’d thrown herself at his feet and more than willing to wear the entire consequences of the curse. He’d unknowingly fallen to the rules of the curse yet again.
“What an exciting moment.”
Haleton whirled around. “Crompton!”
“You make for a touching scene.”
“What would you know? I thought when you disappeared you were out of time and gone for good.”
“Sorry to disappoint. I’ve mastered the art of dematerializing at will. It takes practice. I’m more than willing to teach you. Here, I brought you a present. Call it a make-up gift.” He threw Craig Benyon at Haleton’s feet, growling. “We’ll drink his blood together. It’ll be you and me. I can guarantee we will be transported into the same year. Together we’ll be unstoppable. William, let the idea sink deep into your brain. Take my advice, forget the girl. Together we can have any woman we want. Picture this, in a matter of a short amount of time our gang will increase. When we rid the world of every evil soul, nothing will stop us. We’ll go from thirteen to three hundred then on to millions of unstoppable vampires. Tell me, who can stop us?” taunted Crompton.
“I can guess every so often an innocent life will be wasted,” hissed Haleton.
“It’s part of the course.”
“You can have the whole idea to yourself. I refuse to be a part of your evil plans. I’ll have it known I’m devoting my entire life to track and destroy every one of your gang. When I’ve reached my goal, I’ll be looking for you.”
“We can’t be defeated. We are immortal,” Crompton spat.
“I’ll uncover the answer to the antidote, become mortal and change you back into a mortal. I will see to it your lifeline is severed.”
“I forgive you yet again for your vain outburst. Come, William Haleton, let’s drink of the Benyon mortal.”
Crompton marched over. Lifting Craig into the air by the collar, Crompton studied the trembling man. “Fear has invaded half his brain already. His jugular vein is protruding nicely. Haleton put him out of his misery.”
“You know nothing about misery.”
“True. The council of four did me a favor when they changed me into a vampire.”
Haleton grabbed hold of Craig, throwing him out into the corridor. “Go, you’re free. Run harder than the wind blows in a storm. Go, find Amber and run home. Whatever you do don’t look back.”
Craig looked at Haleton through half closed eyes, waiting for the insane laugh which should have accompanied the command. He hesitated only long enough to understand the door at the end of the corridor was his only means of escape. He blinked at the man who stood at the window. In a quick turn, he started a stumbling run down the corridor to the outside.
Crompton’s eyelids narrowed, trying to stare Haleton down.
“You’ll pay dearly for mocking me.”
Crompton moved to capture Benyon one more time.
Haleton cut him off at the door, allowing Craig enough time to burst into the brightening outside light.
“Get out of my way,” growled Crompton. He lifted his arm to sweep the blockage from his path.
“I will not have you harm one of my friends. Remember this cousin, one day our paths will intersect again. When that day comes, I will have my revenge. It will be your day of reckoning.”
Crompton hissed and bared his long eyeteeth. He flashed Haleton an insane and evil look.
“If I still had plenty of time, I’d fight you right now. I must join my gang.” He pointed a long finger at Haleton. “I believe one day we will face off.”
“I look forward to it.”
Crompton disappeared in a puff of black smoke.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN



INWARDLY HALETON felt like a defeated man. Standing in the broken doorway, his entire body ached at losing Amber. He slowly lifted his eyes to view the outside. He couldn’t live with the vampire curse any longer. He either needed to end it by his death, or be cured. The way he felt he didn’t care which. The only thing he could focus on, whatever came first needed to be right now. He lashed out at the wall using a tight-fisted punch. He glared at his hand. Not a single bone felt broken. He felt no emotion at having punched a large hole in the brick wall.
Slowly a determined expression replaced Haleton’s depressed look. He sprinted outside. His heart raced at double the speed. He felt convinced Amber couldn’t have gone too far.
Haleton’s shadow floated to the top of a large oak tree for a bird’s eye view. Seeing no sign of Amber, he sprinted to the playground. He came to an abrupt halt when he got close to the swing set. The seat on one of the swings still swayed slowly. He continued his search for the person who set the swing into motion.
Nothing else moved.
Haleton listened for the slightest noise. Using his sharp vampire skills, he knew he could easily locate Amber. If anyone discovered him and didn’t understand, he knew they’d form a posse to hunt him down. He didn’t care about the council of four’s warning booming through his mind. ‘Stay too long in a time, and the hunter will become the hunted.’
Then Haleton heard it.
The noise sounded faint, yet distinct. Haleton stood listening to the quickening of the trespasser’s heartbeat. The booming sounded like it came from inside the industrial rubbish bin. Haleton noted the large black lid had been propped up.
“It could be a perfect sanctuary,” whispered Haleton.
A faint scraping noise inside the bin distracted the hypnotic beat. Haleton soared through the air, landing feet first in the bin. For a moment, both the aggressor and the hunted glared at each other.
“What took you so long? I was thinking maybe you don’t love me.”
Haleton pushed back into the shade of the bin lid. After materializing, he opened his arms wide. Sitting in the shadow of the bin he realized he didn’t have anything to fear. He pushed his torment away. Never had he come across such strong emotions from a woman. He knew she’d be by his side to love him forever.
“I take it you’ve decided everything is on the level?”
“Seeing you dematerialized into a shadow again and the way you found me so easily I’d have to say yes.”
“I’ve an important question?” said Haleton.
“Do you always have to spoil the moment?”
“It’s never my intention.”
“Ask away.” Amber giggled, battering her black eyelashes.
“Does it bother you I’m a vampire?”
“No.” Amber undid one of his shirt buttons. Her finger touched his chest. “Is it true vampires can do it all night long?”
“I’ve heard the rumor.”
“Yes, or no?” asked Amber.
“I can’t wait to find out?” Haleton gathered Amber in closer and kissed her.
Love instantly ignited the spark and turned it into a raging fire.
A scraping noise close to the side of the bin forced the love pair to freeze. Haleton placed his finger to his lips to signal absolute quiet. He listened to the tone of the intruder’s heartbeat. He looked puzzled; the beat wasn’t Craig’s or Alex Crompton’s. He glanced at Amber’s worried look, kissed her forehead and whispered in her ear.
“It’ll be okay: I’ll take a look.”
Haleton leaned into the sunlight. In a heartbeat, the metamorphosis was complete. He had reverted back into a black shadow.
“There you are.” The stabbing tone of a snarl echoed off the inside walls of the bin.
Amber burst into sobs.
“Get out,” growled the voice. “If you don’t start to move your arse out of the hiding place, you dug yourself into I’ll be forced to drag you out. Now move.”
Amber stood. Pushing her fists onto her hips, she glared at the cemetery security guard. “Don’t you think you’re overstepping the mark, not to mention the boundaries of your job?”
“Little darlin’ you haven’t a clue.”
“I’m an Australian; I know my rights.”
“I don’t give a flyin’ crap. When the cops hear what you’ve been up to, have a good guess at which side they will be on?”
While looking around, Amber displayed a sly grin.
“Forget about your hero boyfriend; he’s nowhere near here. I’ve been keeping an eye out waiting for him to show his ugly face.”
“He’s far from ugly. If you’ve been watching this bin, you’d have seen him.”
“I reckon he jumped into the bin. I never did see him leave.”
Amber spoke calmly in a sweet low confident voice. “William slipped out the back of the bin.”
“Snakes slither away to hide; it’s of no consequence to me. The cops will find him soon enough.”
“He changed into a shadow.”
“You’re an excellent storyteller.”
Amber jumped from the bin. Handcuffs were clamped around both her wrists, tethering them securely together.
“What’s your name Sweet Drop?”
“My name is Amber Cantala. What’s yours?”
“I’m not at liberty to say.”
“Or won’t.”
“For your information sweet drop and for security reasons, I never divulge my name. I wouldn’t want any offenders I arrest to come visit me unexpectedly in the middle of the night.” The guard raised his eyebrows, shoving the girl in the shoulder blades. “Now walk back to the cemetery.”
“Are you going to dig a big hole so you can bury me alive?”
“Don’t tempt me. The cops will be closing in on the office by the time we arrive.”
Amber didn’t say a word, walking the short distance back to the cemetery. The gates were wide open when they arrived. The guar pushed Amber towards a small brick building not much larger than a normal size bedroom. The guard twisted the doorknob and opened the office door.
“Sit on the chair,” he growled.
“Can I sit in the dark?” asked Amber, battering her eyelids.
“Suit yourself.”
The guard slammed and locked the door. Pulling his mobile phone from his pocket, he re-dialed for the police.
Haleton materialized. In moments, the handcuffs were open on the desk. “I’ve practiced the trick for years.”
Amber hugged her hero. She dropped a tear. “I don’t need any more convincing that you are a vampire.”
“You’re too beautiful a girl to be crying; please stop.”
“Thank you for the kind words.”
Haleton easily unlocked the office door. He opened it the width of a splinter. The sunlight streaming in instantly turned him semi-transparent. He looked sideways at Amber.
“The guard has his back to the building. When I’ve opened the door, I want you to run towards the school. If you’re quiet, you should be able to escape undetected.”
Amber set herself to run.
Haleton pulled the door fully open. He watched her sprint towards the main entrance. Amber reached the main cemetery gate long before the guard knew of the escape.
Back at the school, Haleton looked lovingly at Amber. He waited patiently for her heart to slow.
“After you ran off to hide in the bin, Crompton stepped into the room dragging Craig by the collar. I stood up to my cousin and freed Craig. At that moment, I knew I must find you. The gnawing feeling in the pit of my stomach feels endless. If I were a mortal the love pangs gripping my heart would be a normal emotion. The feeling has eluded me for so long I’ve forgotten what it feels like. The emotion has flooded my consciousness, exploding to every cell in my body. Amber, I apologize for not explaining the rules of the curse.”
“I apologize to you.”
“What for, you’ve nothing to be sorry about?”
“For not allowing you time to explain. It’s a big thing to grasp.”
“The rules of the curse are hard to swallow. It took me months to comprehend what it meant to have something dictate the way I must live and what freedom I’d lost.”
“I need to confess a couple of things,” whispered Amber, choking back a tear.
“What?”
“First, let me say; I love you. I think I must have been afraid to follow my heart. My mind kept saying wait. Make sure. Be certain. When I hid in the bin, I started thinking long and hard about us. There’s one remaining thing still puzzling me. You informed me Crompton’s time was at an end.”
“I thought so too. He told me he can manipulate his body into smoke whenever the need arises. I’m positive his gang has gone from this time zone. He will soon follow.”
“What did Crompton have to gain by bringing Craig to you?”
“He wanted both of us to drink his blood simultaneously.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“The answer is simple. Whenever I see or think of you, I have to fight the vampire urges surging through my body. They alone dictate my fate. The curse wants me to drink your sweet-smelling blood. I could never do such a thing. If I keep resisting the urge using all the love, I have for you, I know when my time in this year has ticked down to zero, love might have conquered and won the day. Everything I’ve said can be summed up in three words. ‘I love you.’”
Amber’s grin quickly widened. The wet glisten in her eyes welled. Tears dropped from her eyes, cascading down each cheek. She said in a voice no louder than a whisper.
“Up to the time when we first met, I’d been convinced love, at first sight, belonged in a fairytale. I’m rapt to announce I’m wrong. The second thing I want to say is; I devised a test to finally prove what I felt is true. I don’t need to test you anymore.”
Haleton opened wide his arms. Amber stepped forward. For a few minutes, they stood locked in a loving embrace.
Eventually, Haleton slipped Amber to arm’s length. “What’s the test?”
Amber pursed her lips, shrugging. “It’s not important. Forget it.”
“I’d like to perform the test. Please, tell me what you planned?”
“It was a small effective test. If you passed, my brain would understand there was no way on this earth a mortal man could have completed the task.”
Haleton placed his finger to her lips. “I accept the challenge.”
“It is okay. It’s not important.”
“It is to me.”
“Okay, you asked. While I sat in the dump bin, I thought up a way to prove if everything I’ve witnessed was on the level. Follow me. I’ll explain the test.”
Haleton needed to run to keep up.
“When we arrived at the school, I spied a newspaper in the first room.” Amber looked through the glass door, noting the newspaper was still on the floor. “I want you to tell me who wrote the article on the second page. If you’re correct right down to the full stop, I’ll know there’s no trick.”
“How will reading the article prove anything?”
“The second page has been folded. There is no possible way you could have read it.”
“Easily done,” Haleton boasted. “The only thing I need you to do is shine the torch on my face. When I’m a shadow shine the light on the paper. I’ll read the article and bring the paper over so you can see if I’m correct.”
Haleton stepped into the light of the torch. He dematerialized into a shadow and floated towards the crack under the door. For a brief few seconds, he glanced over his shoulder. What he witnessed would break the wild spirit of any man. Amber’s eyes were gleaming in the dull light of the torch beam. Haleton wanted to take her in his arms and hold her for all eternity. If he failed her little test, he wondered how she could believe the tale he told. The idea he might have revealed too much information too soon plagued his mind.
‘She’s an amazing young woman to put up with the likes of a man who’s a vampire.’ Haleton thought. He too thought it was a crazy notion the first time the council of four mentioned the curse. He couldn’t believe a human could be so callous.
As a shadow, Haleton read the article. After materializing, he scooped the newspaper from off the floor and pushed it under the door.
“Vince Stamatopolous wrote the article on politics,” he reported.
Amber quickly checked to see if he was correct. Tears flowed unrestricted over her cheeks. “Why did you want to be tested?” she sobbed.
Haleton dematerialized, slipping through the crack under the door. In the semi-dark corridor, he materialized. “I wanted you to test me. I sensed you needed it.”
Amber swayed on her feet. Haleton steadied her.
“I apologize for not believing you,” she croaked.
“It’s okay. It took me a long time to grasp the whole idea too.”
“How long?” questioned Amber.
“Months and it has only taken you hours.”
“I’m not sure what to do,” whispered Amber, checking her watch. “Your time here in 2010AD is fast running out.”
“I agree. Although my idea might be a long shot, I think there’s still a way I can stay in this time.”
“If there’s a possible solution you should take it.”
Haleton downed his left knee. He looked expectantly at Amber’s pretty face and the only woman he felt certain he could ever love.
“What are you doing?”
“Amber Cantala, please consider my marriage proposal? I’d be most honored if you’d accept my hand in marriage.”
Amber’s grin couldn’t have been any wider. “Yes,” she whispered. “Yes. I knew Mr. Right would come along sooner than later. Seven nights ago, I dreamt we did meet. I didn’t know I’d fall in love with a vampire.” She knelt and kissed her fiancé.
“Soon to be an ex-vampire, if everything goes to plan.” Haleton cradled Amber in his arms and kissed her using all the passion he could muster. Eventually, he allowed her to surface. “I can’t ever risk losing you,” he admitted.
“How can we figure this mess out?”
Haleton showed her the canvas and the missing words.
“We have to get to the grave site. It looks like I’ll have to be the one to do the work. Digging I mean. There aren’t many hours remaining. The sun will slow us up. I only hope the security guard has gone home,” said Amber.
“It’s okay, I’ve figured everything out. Up to now, I have avoided explaining the full rules of the curse. Believe me; I’m innocent of the charges bestowed upon me.”
“I believe you. Please, tell me everything.”
Amber walked towards the tram terminus, holding her mobile phone against her ear. The few people listening to the conversation either scrunched their nose or portrayed a bored look at the seemingly one-way conversation. They missed the fact there happened to be a second shadow staying in almost perfect synchronization to hers.
“The curse wants me to take the life of an evil person,” explained Haleton.
“You’ve said those words already.”
“Yes, I have. The part you don’t know is; to rid myself of the curse I need to kill one more person. I detest such a thing; it’s horrendous. After the death of the one-hundredth soul, I’ll be free of the curse.”
“I think only one more death could be regarded to be good news.”
“I guess.”
“Why the doubtful tone?”
“The problem is, I don’t know if I will stay in the same year. I’ve had some success in willing myself to stay in the same time, but they are few and far in between.”
Amber’s gaze sank to the ground. She focused on the exact place where Haleton’s eyes were watching her. “I love you,” she said. “If there is the slightest possibility in a couple of hours, I might never see you again, the thought shred’s my heart. I want to be a part of your life forever.”
“The end of the curse is the only part I’ve yet to understand.”
“I think you should tell it to me.”
“You don’t know what you’re asking.”
“Yes, I do.”
“The note said to finish the curse I have to find my soul mate.”
“I can’t see the problem,” said Amber.
“I don’t believe there is such a thing. It’s probably a rumor or a myth some lonely man or woman cooked up centuries ago to attract a mate.”
Amber hurriedly boarded the tram, sitting in the first available seat. “Didn’t you ask for my hand in marriage?”
“Yes.”
“I accepted.”
“The note reads you need to be my soul mate.”
“I’m not sure if I am or not or even if there is such a thing, but I know I’m in love and every part of me craves for you.”
Haleton shook his head. He said bluntly. “Forget all about my idea of us staying together; it’ll never work.”
“If you don’t believe fate has brought us together, why did you bother to kiss me with such passion?”
“To make amends. I should never have talked to you in the first place.”
“Now you hate me?” Amber questioned.
“No, I could never hate you.”
“Mister, you have confused the hell out of me.”
“What we’re feeling can never be.”
Amber hovered over Haleton. There were no tears in her eyes. The painful expression on her face made him feel more of a loser.
The tram rattled to a stop. Amber glared at Haleton. She marched to the door. For only half a second, she hesitated.
Haleton watched her run off towards a park. Seeing young couples stroll slowly along the pathway holding hands made him feel worse. His thoughts were flowing through his mind faster than the vampire blood pumping throughout his body. He could’ve easily stopped Amber, but what gave him the right to force any girl to love him. To contemplate a woman wanting to be anywhere near him, was an insane idea. If the roles were reversed, and he’d fallen in love with a female vampire, he’d sprint away from her so fast his feet wouldn’t touch the ground.
Looking out the window of the tram Haleton sighed.
‘Maybe somewhere out there just out of sight is the woman I’m destined to meet.’ His sarcastic chuckle sounded like a slow antagonistic gargle of noise. ‘Maybe she’s a vampire. Who knows how many mortals the council of four converted? There could be a multitude of people aimlessly roaming the world looking for their one ray of hope. Once cured I might be able to track down the others, helping them to be set free,’ he thought.
The tram jerked to a stop at the next safety zone. Haleton watched the young woman who had jumped onboard marching down the aisle. She came to an abrupt stop, hovering over him. Haleton saw her raise her finger, beckoning him to follow.
Across the road in the small park, she sat on a seat under a gum tree waiting for Haleton to materialize.
He sat in silence waiting for the young lady to speak.
In the time it took three male joggers to come and go, Haleton began to fidget.
“I’d be nervous too if I were you,” the young lady snarled. “A woman’s scorn is not to be taken lightly.”
Haleton raised his eyebrow waiting for her to speak her mind.
Amber shook her head, wagging her finger at his face. “Listen carefully to every one of my words.”
Haleton slowly nodded.
“Let’s sum up everything since we met. You have saved my life more than once. You have confided in me you are a vampire. You have proven everything about you is on the level. You have downed your knee and asked me to be your wife. I accepted. If we aren’t soul mates, then there is no such thing. In any case, be brave. Give it a go.”
“Can I say something?”
“No, you may not.” Amber giggled uncontrollably. “You may say something when you have finished kissing me. Then I don’t want you to kiss me again until after we’re married.”
“I certainly don’t deserve such a warm, adorable young lady.”
“Enough chatter. Kiss me. We have to discover the antidote, and then we must be married at the church.” She glanced at her watch. “We have exactly two hours, thirty minutes remaining.”
Haleton gave Amber a lasting kiss.
“We should hurry,” she whispered, a little breathless.
“Can you comprehend what you will have to put up with? Being married to a vampire might be impossible to endure.”
“Do you think you have the willpower to stay married to a mortal?”
“I do.”
“It’s good enough for me.”
Haleton and Amber ran across the road to the shopping mall where people were already arriving by the busloads. Amber and Haleton were quickly swallowed up by the influx of shoppers. The large sporting goods store they walked towards loomed directly ahead at the opposite end of the mall. Together they power walked along the corridor. Amber grinned when a ruckus erupted over the darkening area in front of them.
“The camping section is at the rear of the store to your right,” explained a young girl at the counter. “I’m not sure if I should let you in, the overhead lights must have a fault.”
“We’ll take our chances,” said Haleton.
Before the girl could complain, Amber and Haleton were making their way through the many shoppers who stopped to gossip over the failed lighting.
“A two-man tent will do the trick,” suggested Haleton, swiping a large box from off the shelf. “Seeing how the guard confiscated my torch we can buy new ones and a small battery-operated drill on the way out.”
Inside five minutes they were queuing at the checkout.
A tall mid to late teen boy scanned the goods. Smiling at Amber, he looked her up and down, raising his eyebrows. Haleton leaned on the counter, hissing. The lad started to tremble, placed the money in the till and sprinted off to the tearoom to hide.
“What on earth did you say?” asked Amber.
“I never said a word. My silent signal relayed a message the lad should back off.”
Soon they were back on the tram, heading for the cemetery. Studying the area for the guard, the pair made it to Macularta’s grave unnoticed. Amber dropped the large black bag she carried at her feet and quickly erected the small tent directly over the gravesite. She parted the blue fabric and slipped through the gap in the front of the tent.
The shadow accompanying her materialized inside the tent, grinning at her surprised look.
“I’ll never get used to it.”
“I hope you never have to,” said Haleton, with a sigh.
“About before when I stormed out of the school building,” said Amber, choking on her words.
“Forget that it happened. I’d have done the same if I were you.”
“There’s the problem; you aren’t me. I’m ashamed at how I reacted.”
“Don’t be. I fully understand.”
Haleton reeled Amber in close. She didn’t resist his advances. He could feel her warm exhaling breath sweep across his cheeks. Their lips touched. A slight hesitation followed then they were glued together.
Finally, they finished the kiss.
“What happened to the idea you didn’t want me to kiss you again until we’re married?”
“To hell with what I said,” stated Amber.
Tightening his grip, Haleton kissed her again.
Eventually, Amber pushed him gently back. “We have only two hours remaining and the sun is warming.”
Haleton reluctantly let her go. They set to work cutting a hole in the floor of the tent. Haleton connected the battery pack, pushed the drill bit into place and commenced to drill a small hole in the top of the gravestone. He drilled a second hole next to the first. Haleton put the drill down then looked confidently at Amber. “I’m through. Where’s the torch?”
Amber extracted three large torches, placing one on the marble grave. She flicked the light switch to the ‘ON’ position. The beam of light from the torch lit up the sides of the hole. The second torch lit the other hole.
Haleton swiped up the third torch, clicking the switch to the ‘ON’ position. He placed the long thin torch face up. He winked at Amber, leaned into the light, instantly dematerializing and slipping through the first hole.
Haleton easily slid into the badly decomposed coffin. He moved about the body looking at the bones of the dead priest. The eye sockets seemed to be watching the proceedings. The skull and eye sockets were picked clean. “Amber, move the light a fraction to your right,” he called.
She tilted the torch slightly.
“A little more of an angle will see the light in the perfect position.”
Haleton focused on what was inscribed on the walls and the lid of the coffin. To be certain he hadn’t missed anything, he scoured the area again.
Sliding silently from underneath the torch, Haleton found the tent’s end wall still looked relatively dark. He materialized.
“Did you find anything useful?” Amber whispered.
The same security guard who discovered Amber the first time lifted the flap of the small tent. The sunlight streamed in. Haleton instantly dematerialized, slipping out of the tent and into the sun.
“What are you doing?” screamed the guard, lunging for Amber’s arm. “I’ve got you now. I knew if I waited long enough, you’d be back to vandalize another tombstone. I love it when I’m correct. This time, there will be no escape.”
“The twelve- and thirteen-year-old girls I teach, dared me. I swear.”
“I heard a man’s voice. Where did he go?”
“I’m the only one here.”
The guard didn’t look interested in excuses of any kind. He glared at his prisoner through narrow slits.
“Convince me you’re telling the truth?”
“Take a look around; there’s no one else here,” said Amber.
“What about the man’s voice.”
Amber cleared her throat, trying to imitate Haleton’s deep voice. She looked at the guard and said seriously.
“The full dare is to sit in a tent, recite a poem, read the first chapter of a paperback novel and quote the Lord’s Prayer in a deep voice.”
The guard doubted the lie she spun. His eyelids narrowed further. “Pack this mess up and get out of my sight.”
Amber folded the tent, snatched up the torches and had started walking in five seconds. She’d crossed the road in ten and dumped the tent and the torches in the trash on her way to a café. Sitting at a rear table she watched the waitress serving the one other customer. A nurse who had just finished her shift at the hospital.
Haleton materialized placing his arm over Amber’s shoulder. “I apologize I couldn’t help further.”
“Not a problem. I had the young man eating out of my hands. Did you discover anything interesting?”
“I found nothing.”
“What are you trying to say? We snuck into a cemetery, drilled a hole in a coffin, and got caught by a security guard for nothing?”
“Yes.”
“I’m beginning to have doubts.”
“Ignore those thoughts,” begged Haleton. “The only things I found were the numbers ‘777.’ They appeared to be etched into the walls of the coffin and the lid. The numbers were everywhere.”
“Those numbers must be a clue,” suggested Amber, sounding hopeful. “We have to get back to Craig, maybe he has an idea.”



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN



CRAIG OPENED his front door. Almost immediately the inside light hanging from the middle of the loungeroom ceiling went out, plunging the room into darkness. Haleton followed Amber into the room. Craig groped the tall visitor using a strong grip on the arm.
“Do you understand in the vampire brain of yours how irritating it is when all the lights go out, and I have to walk about in a darkened room?” growled Craig.
“It is necessary that I remain in the dark.”
“Listen, fella; I’ll put up with you for Amber’s sake, I just don’t have to like you.”
“Craig, enough,” jeered Amber.
The lad raised his hands, walked back to the door, kicking it shut.
“Have you thought of anything which might help us to discover how to obtain the antidote?” asked Amber.
“Not a thing. I’ve been having a bit of trouble concentrating since Crompton grabbed me,” answered Craig.
Amber glared at him. “Suck it up, Craig. You have to start thinking. We need all the help we can get.”
“Time’s short,” added Haleton.
Craig walked past him to get to Amber. “Garlic is the only idea I can think of.”
“Garlic?” echoed Haleton and Amber in unison.
“It makes sense. Vampire movies can’t be wrong!”
“You watch too much TV,” complained Amber, pointing a long thin finger at him. “I hope you’re genuine in wanting to help William.”
“I’d do anything to help you find the antidote.”
“Good, start thinking.”
“Okay, I will. Have you discovered any new facts?” asked Craig.
“The only real clue we have is the numbers. ‘777’,” admitted Amber.
“We only have ninety minutes to discover the password and the antidote,” said Haleton.
Craig walked out of the room towards his bedroom.
“Where do you think, you’re going?” yelled Amber. She started to follow when Haleton placed his hand her shoulder.
“Allow me to talk to Craig.” Not waiting for Amber’s permission, he marched up to Craig, tapping him on the shoulder.
“Leave me be.”
“I think you and I need to have a lightning talk.”
“Okay Vamps, spill your guts.”
“If we can’t find the antidote in ninety minutes you and Amber will never see me again. Do you want your actions on your conscience for the remainder of your life? Bear in mind if you don’t try to help, Amber will probably never speak to you again.”
“I guess you’re correct. I apologize. It’s just that I’m jealous.”
“Don’t be. Somewhere out there in this big world is the exact person for you.”
Craig chuckled. “Amber said the same thing.”
“They are wise words from a young lady.”
“Do you love her?”
“Yes, my whole heart loves her.”
“Can I ask if she’ll always be in safe hands?”
“She will be.”
Craig stood to full height. “I relinquish my love for Amber which has built up in my heart to allow you to move in and sweep her off her feet.”
“If Amber heard your statement, what do you think she’d say?” asked Haleton.
“She doesn’t love me enough.”
“Are you certain?”
“Yes. Amber loves you. It’s time for me to graciously bow out of her life.”
“Take my advice. Don’t go too far. One of these days she might come looking for you.”
“I don’t know if you mean it or you’re just humoring me, but thank you. There is one thing. Let me warn you, if you hurt a single hair on Amber’s head, I’ll hunt you down and smash your nose.”
“Do you think that’s possible?”
“I know what you are. If the only thing I do is scare you into thinking I might be watching you from a distance; I go to my grave knowing I did my best. At my funeral, maybe Amber will shed a tear for me.”
“I’ll take your warning onboard. I don’t want you to be my enemy. If I don’t find the antidote in time and I’m sucked into another year, I want you to look after Amber for me.”
“Thank you. It will be my pleasure,” announced Craig.
Haleton slapped the man on the shoulder. He and Craig walked back up the hallway and into the lounge where they found Amber sitting on a dark blue beanbag, sobbing. Haleton knelt at her feet. He studied her closed eyelids.
“It is okay, Craig will find the answer.”
Amber lifted her head and looked at Haleton. “I love you so much I don’t want to lose you.”
“It’ll be okay. We have to put our trust in Craig.”
“I’ll go through what we know again. There has to be an answer. I feel it’s staring me in the face,” advised Craig.
Amber felt a fresh round of hope devouring her. She wrapped her arms around Haleton’s neck. His lips scraped across her wet cheek and found her lips.
Deep in thought, Craig paced the floor, watching the pair kissing. He suddenly stopped. Snapping his fingers, he shouted. The two love birds jumped.
“I think I know how to find the password so we can retrieve the formula for the vampire antidote.”
“Tell us,” insisted Amber.
“The numbers ‘777’ are the key. You said those numbers were inscribed everywhere in the coffin.”
“Maybe they mean nothing more than an ex-priest wanting God’s number to be buried alongside him when he died,” interrupted Amber.
“It’s a good theory, but, I have another. Come on; we’ve no time to lose. We need to get to the church across the street.”
“How will we find the answer to the curse in a church?” asked Amber.
“It’s all about the numbers ‘777.’” Craig switched his attention to Haleton. “Entering a church won’t affect you in any way?”
“Of course not; it only happens in the movies.”
“So holy ground will do nothing to you?”
Haleton grunted. “Craig, you do watch too much TV.”
“We just can’t open the front door of a church and waltz down the carpet to the altar unannounced. We need a valid reason to enter the church in the first place,” warned Amber.
“I believe if we look up the seventh book of the Bible, we’ll know the password,” explained Craig.
Haleton and Amber displayed a blank look.
“You said the password must be something which never changes.”
Amber’s dancing pupils gave away the fact, she felt excited over what Craig had discovered. “I believe you might be on to something solid.”
“What else has come through the centuries; particularly from 1749AD to the year 2010AD which can’t be stolen, destroyed or tampered with? I have to add, how can anyone be expected to guard something which is priceless to no one, except Haleton? If someone who knew nothing of the curse discovered the password, they might accidently get rid of the antidote or change it,” said Craig.
“It makes a lot of sense. No one would suspect the antidote is in the seventh book of the Bible. The only thing I’m concerned with is; we won’t know if the antidote works until the last second,” moaned Haleton.
“If we discover it in time we will know,” explained Craig.
“How can we be sure it will be permanent? Another horrid thought I’m thinking of is; what if Crompton is lurking about watching our every move hoping we’ll lead him to the antidote? He could steal the formula,” stated Amber.
“It’ll be a total disaster. If we don’t find the password in time we’ll never have to worry about Crompton or his plans to steal it or even if the antidote works or not,” said Haleton.
Amber checked her watch. She flashed Haleton a look of dread. “We have only eighty-minutes remaining.”
Amber and Craig sprinted out into the sunshine while Haleton blended in with their shadows as they ran across the road towards the church on the corner. Haleton arrived first, easily slipping through the crack underneath the main doors, materializing on the inside. He turned the large brass key in the lock, swinging the door open wide enough to allow Amber and Craig to slip through the gap.
The marble floor and high ceiling made the entrance feel cool. The flame of a large candle in the middle of the small round side table danced wildly in the sudden disturbance. The small group marched across the threshold and entered the main room. Amber led the way by walking briskly down the red carpet towards the altar. The noise from the key turning in the lock brought the priest into the chapel carrying a baseball bat. He didn’t look happy.
“Sir, violence won’t be necessary. We’re here to ask for your urgent help,” called Haleton, holding his hand up.
The priest glared at Haleton, raising the baseball bat to shoulder height. “If the girl’s hurt she needs to go to the hospital. As for you two men, if you take one more step, I’ll be forced to start swinging. Believe me, when I tell you I coach a junior league team. I know how to hit.”
“Sir, please, put the bat down. We have come in search of answers.” Craig raised his hands as if surrendering his soul.
“I’m not injured,” mentioned Amber. Walking up to the priest she painted a friendly smile on her face.
“You’re not here to steal anything?”
“Never.” Haleton walked along the red carpet and stood next to Amber. He outstretched his hand. “I’m William Haleton. The young lady is Amber Cantala. The other young man is Craig Benyon.”
Each of the group shook the hand of the priest. They breathed a sigh of relief when he leaned the baseball bat against the sidewall.
Craig blurted excitedly. “I need to read a Bible.”
“Surely it’s not the reason you broke into the church? We have mass here every Sunday, 10:00am sharp.”
“We don’t have that much time. I’ll explain it later when we have more time,” said Haleton.
“Would you mind if I open the Bible on the altar?” asked Craig, pointing.
The priest displayed a doubtful look.
“Please, Sir, this is extremely important.”
“I hope this isn’t a prank?”
“No,” said Amber, confidently.
“Please be careful turning the pages.”
“I will.” Craig stepped onto the altar and carefully opened the large Bible.
“Could I make a suggestion?” asked the priest.
Craig looked up. He’d already flipped over at least a dozen pages.
“Allow me to find what you’re looking for. I don’t want the pages damaged.”
Haleton signaled for Craig to step away.
The priest positioned himself behind the Bible. “What do you want to read?”
“The seventh book of the Bible,” said Craig.
“The book of Judges?” quoted the priest.
“We need to know the seventh verse of the seventh chapter of the seventh book,” explained Craig.
“It’s the strangest thing I’ve ever heard anyone say. It sounds like you want to make a mockery of the church.”
Haleton leaned towards the priest. “Good Sir, what is your name?”
The priest swiped his reading glasses from the bridge of his nose. “I’m Father Tuxen.”
“You are indeed a kind man. On behalf of my friends, I’d like to thank-you for helping us. We mean no disrespect in any way.”
Tuxen fell silent, deep in thought. “You can call me Peter. If you don’t mind me saying, I’m on edge because of the costume you are wearing. Do you need to find a word or sentence from the Bible to enter a masquerade ball?”
“It’s a long story,” interrupted Amber.
“A very long story,” added Craig.
“Sir, I can assure you our presence here is on the level. Everything will be explained, in due time. Speaking of which; I now have exactly sixty-seven minutes remaining,” groaned Haleton.
“What will happen after sixty-eight minutes?”
“Sir, I have no time to explain. Please, the words to the verse. I need you to find them,” insisted Haleton.
Peter Tuxen used his index finger to scroll down the page. It came to a stop on the seventh verse. He cleared his throat. His voice changed to an official tone. He sounded like he was about to read to the congregation.
“The Lord said to Gideon, by the three hundred men who drank at the water using their hands I will save you.”
Craig yelled at the top of his voice. “The verse is exactly what we came for.”
“God will save you?” exclaimed Tuxen. “I don’t understand what’s transpiring here. I think the three of you should leave. You have outstayed your welcome.”
“Don’t tell me Crompton has a gang of three hundred?” Amber whipped.
“He could have,” said Haleton.
Craig resembled someone who looked to be bursting at the seams to open a birthday present. “Gideon is the password.”
Tuxen lifted his hand to begin massaging his right temple. “Please tell me what’s going on?”
“Thank you for your patience. On behalf of my friends, I have to ask that you wait a little longer for the explanation. Trust me the answer is worth the wait. Do you have a computer we could use for a minute?” asked Amber.
“I had hoped you might suggest you were going to leave my church.”
“Soon,” admitted Haleton.
“I have a computer in my ready room. It’s on a go-slow strike. I can never get the thing working properly,” moaned Tuxen.
Craig looked directly at the priest. “If I could borrow the machine for what I need maybe I might be able to fix it for you.”
“Sounds like a fair exchange. Son, if you could fix it and I had the authority, I’d make you a Saint. Be my guest. The computer is in the room on your left.”
The group quickly entered the residence of Peter Tuxen.
Craig switched off the overhead light, spied the computer at a side table and got to work. He stabbed several keys then reached into his top pocket.
“I never go anywhere without my home-grown anti-virus. It won’t completely fix the problems. When I’ve more time, I’m positive I’ll have her working more effectively than when she was new.”
Craig plugged the USB into one of the two front ports. Almost instantly the first of many viruses were eliminated from the machine.
Inside two minutes the computer doubled its speed. Craig used the name ‘Macularta’ to find the website and typed the word ‘Gideon’ to open it. He sat waiting for confirmation the password might have been successful.
Clapping his hands together, Tuxen boasted a huge grin. He looked ready to kiss the computer.
“This machine has never worked this fast. A lovely young lady donated it to the church after she bought a new one six months ago. I thought it might have been a blessing until I tried to use it.”
Craig shook his head as he went back to staring at the computer monitor.
Haleton checked his watch. “Forty-five minutes.”
“You young people do sound like you’re in a hurry,” said Tuxen.
“We are,” said Amber.
“Before you go, could you explain why you wanted the lights off in the church and in particular, this room?” asked Tuxen.
“It is part of the explanation. If Craig is successful, I beg you to have an open mind,” said Haleton.
Tuxen’s brow wrinkled. A few beads of sweat formed on his balding head. “I don’t think I like where this is heading!”
Craig made a cat leap from behind the computer monitor up ending his chair, excitement plastered over his face. “I did it,” he screamed. “I knew I was on the correct path, but I needed to control myself just in case I happened to be wrong.”
Amber and Haleton rushed to his side, viewing his findings from over his shoulder. The only evidence the computer had started to do anything; the cursor suddenly changed into an egg timer.
Amber raised her eyebrows, glancing at Craig. “Are you positive you broke into the website? Looking at the computer monitor I have my doubts.”
“Wait for it,” boasted Craig. He picked the chair up off the floor and sat staring at the monitor. “Come on, come on,” he whispered at the computer. “Enlighten me.”
Haleton checked his watch. “If the information doesn’t come through the blank screen soon it’ll be too late.”
“How many minutes remaining?” Amber asked.
“Not enough. We have exactly thirty-eight minutes.”
“We’re out of time. Craig, you gave it a good try,” said Amber.
“The game is not finished, until the final siren sounds,” quoted Craig.
He displayed a distinct look Amber had never seen. She kissed the top of his head. “You have the determination to be anything you want. I’m proud to have you as a friend.”
Craig’s face flushed crimson. He hunched over the computer to hide his apparent embarrassment.
The monitor lit. A second later the website opened. Craig immediately read the words.
“This message has been passed down through generations from the year 1749AD and is for William Haleton from your friend Macularta. I live in hope it is you Haleton who is reading this letter and not Crompton or a single member of his gang which totals at least three-hundred. Allow me to be the first to say congratulations in discovering the password. Rose-a-lee Cantala believes the following recipe is correct.
One-cup, measure, of each of the following:
Holy water, lemon juice, vinegar, garlic clove, one drop of blood from your soul mate.
After mixing the potion, you must be standing at the church altar holding the hands of your wife-to-be. You have to recite the last line of the book titled. ‘Blood Red Rose.”
Craig volleyed his attention between Amber and Haleton. He boasted a proud expression. “I told you garlic has to be used to get rid of a vampire.”
Tuxen back stepped away from the group. “Are you all vampires?” he asked. His voice trembling.
“No, only William Haleton is. Peter, we don’t want any trouble. We’re not here to give you any grief,” Amber stated in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Girl, you have succeeded in doing the opposite. Besides, there is no such thing as vampires.”
“Sorry to correct the theory,” blurted Amber.
Haleton looked directly at the priest. “You have to keep whatever happens in this church a secret. No one must ever find out about any of this. Please, you must agree.”
“I need to sit,” moaned Tuxen.
Amber escorted him to a chair and attempted to relay in a short-detailed summary about what was going on. Haleton walked over to help fill in some of the details.
“I’ll do what you ask of me. I’ll keep your secret inside my head. I’ll never utter a word of this to any living person. I vow to take it to my grave. Besides, who’d believe me?” said Tuxen.
“Thank you,” whispered Amber.
“Time is short we need to go shopping. We have exactly forty minutes remaining,” said Haleton.
“Let me help. I have everything you need in the cupboard above my kitchen bench, except the book,” said Tuxen.
“We should be able to find the book across the street in the library!” squealed Amber.
“You have saved us over an hour’s delay,” stated Haleton.
“Go, go,” said the priest, waving his hands at the group. “By the time you return, everything will be ready for the marriage ceremony. Craig can mix the formula while I find my marriage robe. Don’t forget you have to bring back a witness to sign the marriage certificate.”
Amber looked puzzled. “Why?” she asked.
“It’s only in case there is a lawful snag at a later date. If I’m ever asked; I can say it wasn’t a forced wedding.”
Haleton grinned at Amber. She smiled back.
“Will you two get going?” urged Craig. “You keep mentioning the number of minutes remaining, and there you stand, wasting, what precious little time that remains.”
“You have a valid point,” said Haleton.
Amber and Haleton sprinted for the main door of the church. Haleton stopped in his tracks as the door opened.
“Sunlight, my demise,” he whispered.
Amber put her hand on his shoulder. “Stay here. When I return, I’ll have the book in my hand. If I have to drag a person across the street using my teeth, I’ll have a witness.”



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN



THE LIBRARY looked modern and was located adjacent to the church. Sprinting across the road, Amber made it to the main door, undetected.
“I do hope they stock the book,” Amber mumbled, stepping through the self-opening door.
Standing inside the entrance, she studied the large room. She counted at least ten rows of shelves stacked to the brim. The automatic doors were half shut before she spied a woman sitting at a desk at the far side of the massive room.
Amber ran across the room and hovered over the elderly-woman who looked busy placing stickers on the back of books. After applying each sticker, she placed the book, spine up, on a waist high trolley.
“May I help you?” asked the woman looking over the top of her frameless glasses.
“I hope so. I need to borrow a book titled ‘Blood Red Rose.’ Do you have it in stock?”
“I’ll take a look in the computer. I don’t suppose you know the name of the author?”
Amber shrugged, scrunching her nose. “Sorry, I don’t.”
“No matter, if the book exists and we don’t have it I can order it in for you.”
“If I can’t obtain a copy in the next five minutes it won’t matter.”
“Pardon?” questioned the woman, pulling her glasses off her nose.
“I assure you I mean no disrespect.” Amber continued their conversation by mumbling. “I sound exactly like William. The sooner he loses the old-fashioned words, the happier we’ll both be.”
“Young lady I didn’t quite catch the last sentence you said?”
“It’s not important.”
The woman replaced her glasses on her nose, focusing on the computer screen. She typed in the title of the book, pursing her lips. She grunted a few times and looked up.
“If you will follow me, I’ll show you where it is.”
“You have the book in stock?” squealed Amber.
“We have several. You do realize if you knew the name of the author you could have found it yourself.”
“I’m sure I’d have no trouble.”
The woman led the way down the middle of the room, her salt and pepper hair bouncing slightly. Her stiletto heels hardly left a dent in the new grey fiber carpet. The librarian stopped at the shelf marked with the letter ‘M’ in big bold lettering.’ Changing direction, she faced the books at the start of the ‘S’ section. “The author’s name is Mark Stewart. The book you seek is under ‘STE.’ The woman squatted to take a red colored book off the shelf.
“That’s the one!” squealed Amber. “‘Blood Red Rose.’ May I borrow it?”
“Certainly; do you have a library card?”
Amber stared at a small dirt patch on the carpet at her feet. Her sigh sounded loud. “No, I don’t. I think I’d like to join this fine establishment. The service so far has been first class.”
“I’ll be more than willing to complete the paperwork. I can make a library card while you wait. It’ll only take five minutes.”
“Can it be done any quicker?”
“Five minutes isn’t long.”
“At this moment in time, it is. What if I buy the book?” suggested Amber.
“I guess it can be easily arranged. The library can always buy more books. It would also save me from making a laminated card. The problem is, I don’t know the price of the book.”
“Do you think forty dollars might cover the cost?”
“I’d say so.”
Amber handed over the money, swiping the book from the woman.
“It will only take a minute to write you a receipt.”
“There’s no time. But there is one more thing I’d like to ask.”
“You want me to search for a second book?”
“Nothing so difficult; I have a huge favor to ask you.”
“Ask away. I’m more than curious,” said the woman.
“I’d love for you to be a witness to a wedding.”
“Where and when is the wedding to take place?”
“At the church across the road; right now.”
The woman shook her head. “I think you came into the library to butter me up by asking for a book you don’t want. I feel a headache coming on. I think you should leave.”
“This is entirely legitimate,” said Amber.
“I don’t have the time, come back tomorrow.”
“No is not an option.”
“Who’d be getting married at this hour?”
“Me. It will take exactly five minutes of your time. Surely you can spare five minutes?”
“I don’t like the tone in your voice. My answer is a definite no.”
“I’m Amber Cantala. Please, this is extremely important to me.” She glanced at the diamond ring on the woman’s finger. “Do you remember your wedding day?”
“Yes, of course. It had been an exciting day. I didn’t even know it was raining.”
Amber read the woman’s name tag pinned to her shirt. “Miriam, it’s not raining, but the excitement you felt on your day is how I’m feeling right now. You wouldn’t be so insensitive as to leave me without a witness to my wedding or to deny me the happiest time of my life?”
The woman dropped her reading glasses into a side pocket of her long skirt and smiled at Amber. “Very well, five minutes you said?”
“Yes,” answered Amber.
“I don’t know what it is about you, young people today, you want everything yesterday? What about your wedding dress?”
“I don’t have anything traditional. It’s an extremely different set of circumstances. Please, we must hurry. We only have thirty minutes.”
Amber escorted the librarian across the road. They marched up the stairs to the church, opened the door and marched along the red carpet to the altar.
“We’re cutting it close,” announced Haleton, joining Amber and Miriam. “We only have twenty-eight minutes.”
Amber handed the book over to Craig, introduced the librarian then stepped next to Haleton to take up her position. “I’m ready.”
Haleton watched Craig pondering over the fine print.
“Macularta was a clever priest,” mentioned Craig, digging his nose from the last page of the book. “It reads; Haleton, if you drink the antidote while concurrently marrying a woman, at the exact second of your departure, you will stay in that particular time. You will by all reckoning have changed back into a mortal.”
“I don’t understand. If this is a ritual of some kind, I’m leaving,” interrupted Miriam.
“No one is going to leave this church,” boomed a deep threatening voice.
The main door to the church was slammed shut and bolted.
Peter Tuxen looked up. He stared wide eyed.
Miriam’s mouth fell wide open. She tried to scream.
Amber sidestepped off the altar platform, diving for the front pew.
Craig crumbled to the floor, trembling.
Haleton turned, hissing at the man.
“Dear cousin William, I am displeased you didn’t invite me to attend such a formal gathering. You know how much I love weddings.”
“Crompton, the only thing about a wedding you love is how quick you can gate-crash.”
“How true are your words? The only thing I love more than the free wine and food is seeing how many women come my way.” Crompton pulled his knife from the sheath inside his boot. He raised it slowly so the long metal blade could catch the light from the sunlight shining through the leadlight glass window.
Haleton jumped from the altar. He extracted his knife from his boot, pointing it at his cousin.
“I have no qualms in fighting you, Alex. First, answer this one question.”
“Ask away. I have all the time in the world. I definitely have many more hours than you.”
“How is it possible? I witnessed your leaving in a puff of black smoke.”
“If I were a mortal like you want to be, I’d have to consider myself the best magician in the world.”
“Answer me, or I’ll see my knife entering your heart.”
Crompton waved his hand, dismissing the threat. “I did leave this time in a puff of smoke. Unlike you, I have perfected my re-entry into the exact time. Practice makes perfect, cousin. I have been back in this time for only one hour. I tracked you here. I’ve been waiting in the wings for the right moment.”
“The right time for what?” yelled Amber.
“Come now Miss Cantala; you don’t expect me to believe you don’t know what I’m talking about?”
“Young man you’ve gate-crashed a very important date between Amber and William. I suggest you leave post haste,” growled Miriam.
“Old woman you are indeed an annoying creature,” hissed Crompton.
“Forget about harming the innocent woman and everyone else in this church. This is between you and me. Cousin, let me warn you, the antidote you seek will never fall into your hands.”
“I can wait. The minute your time here is exhausted I’ll simply walk to the front of this magnificent looking church and take the formula. Who will stop me, Cantala? I don’t think so. What about the old woman or the priest, or Craig Benyon?”
Amber looked at her watch. Her spirit sank knowing the fight would be over before it began.
Haleton thought the opposite.
“William there’s only ten minutes remaining,” Amber called, walking up to and standing next to her future husband.
Haleton leaned over, whispering in her ear, pointing to the darkest corner of the church.
Amber stared at the pinprick of light. “What is it?”
“That is the orb of light. It’s the one vital component which makes up the curse. It’s the one Crompton has forgotten. By the time the fight is over, time will be gone. I need you, the priest, Miriam and Craig standing in front of the altar. One of you must be holding the vampire antidote.”
“Okay. I’ll go console the librarian. She’s standing over at the side wall looking like she’s half out of her mind with fear.” Directing her gaze at Haleton, Amber added a warning. “Whatever you’re about to do, there’s only nine minutes remaining.”
Haleton shouted at Crompton. “This is where I make my stand against you.” He pointed his finger and hissed. The noise seemed to bounce from wall to wall.
Crompton’s chuckle sounded dry. Stone faced he hissed at his opponent. “So, you think you can defeat me in seven minutes and still drink the antidote. My dear, William, I’d love to see it. You’ll need a miracle.”
“Maybe my miracle has arrived. Look across to the left-hand side of the church to witness your demise.”
Crompton jeered. “I don’t take orders; I give them.”
Although the tall wide front doors to the church were bolted shut and the twenty windows were tightly closed, the group inside the church could feel a draft. The wind ruffled the ends of Amber’s long hair. She took hold of Miriam’s right hand, noting the old woman looked to be on the verge of fainting.
The small pinprick of light in the corner of the church grew rapidly.
Crompton glared at Haleton. “The orb of light has come for you.”
Haleton growled. “I won’t allow it to suck me back to 1749AD where this entire nightmare began. It will consume you.”
The light hovered in the corner of the church and quickly grew to the size of Haleton’s hand. He could feel his body tingling. To win against the orb, he needed to gamble everything on split second timing. Haleton watched Crompton closely, blocking out every heartbeat pounding inside the church.
Everyone’s except Crompton’s.
Haleton’s heart quickened. His eye teeth grew long. He hissed and sprinted at Crompton. For a few seconds, his cousin stared directly at the orb of light which looked to be the size of a human head. Short sparks shot out from the surface of the orb. The wind quickly strengthened inside the church, slowing Haleton’s speed. He glanced at the clock on the wall. The hands were revealing, there was only six minutes remaining.
By the time, Crompton faced Haleton; it was too late, a double-fisted punch hit him, square in the chest. Crompton’s torso smashed into the main doors. The old-style wood creaked but withstood the violent pounding.
Crompton quickly recovered, landing a lightning-fast jab to Haleton’s chin. He overbalanced for no longer than a second; more than enough time for Crompton to plan an attack. He dived through the air. Both men rolled underneath the orb and came out on the other side. They pushed each other away, glaring at the other.
The orb had grown to the size of a man.
It slowly moved towards them. Thin fingers of light arced out from the orb’s center. One spark hit Crompton. The shock sent his entire body into convulsions. Haleton could feel his living soul being sucked from his body. Crompton staggered a little while he came out of the convulsive state, straightened and dived through the air. Haleton jumped, clinging to the main roof beam.
Crompton survived two more lightning sparks from the orb then it was Haleton’s turn to dodge the series of sparks heading directly at him. He somersaulted, landing in striking distance of his foe.
The wind in the room felt equal to a category two storm.
Amber used her hands to shield her eyes from the wind. She squealed when the large lit candle with the year 2010 engraved on the side, toppled over sending the short flame onto the carpet. The wind quickly blew it out. She leaned into the wind in an attempt to walk across the floor towards the altar.
The orb of light now measured the size of a small car and rapidly closed in on Haleton. He groaned at the tingling sensation eating into his flesh. He knew it was now or never. His mouth felt dry. Around the edges of his eyes, his vision blurred.
The ball of light hovered in silence a full metre from the ground taunting its victim.
Haleton squared himself to Crompton. He used all his willpower to fight to stay conscious. He needed to stay focused on his plan. Crompton looked to be slightly taken-a-back by the orb. He focused one eye on it, the other on his cousin.
Haleton saw his one desperate chance. The throbbing in his ears boomed louder. He knew in a few minutes he’d be gone.
“Three minutes,” yelled Amber at Peter Tuxen. “We have to be standing at the altar when William gets there.”
The priest nodded. Slowly he clawed his way to a half standing position. He took hold of Miriam’s hand. Craig stood on his left, and with Amber on his right, the group pushed their way to the altar.
“I reckon this wind is capable of blowing the walls out,” yelled Craig through a cupped hand.
“I hope it doesn’t,” called Amber.
Haleton noted the noise in the room began to die. He glared at Crompton. The orb of light began to brighten, its pulsating doubling. Haleton could feel his internal temperature rising. He sprinted at Crompton at full tilt and dived at the man, managing to tumble roll end over end towards him. When he came out of the second roll feet first, Haleton twisted his body so he could be face down and kicked out at Crompton’s rib cage. He heard a loud crack. Crompton reeled backward. Before he could manage to straighten and attack, Haleton saw him fall through the orb of light and disappear.
Haleton didn’t waste any more time. He viewed the group cheering him at the altar. He sprinted across the room. The wind managed to blow apart several hymn books. The papers littered the carpet.
Haleton took hold of Amber’s hands. “Are you positive you want this?”
“I’ve never been more positive in my life. William, we don’t have much time. We have only ninety seconds.”
The orb of light slowly rose above head height, centering itself over Haleton. Light particles from the orb were falling on his head.
Amber screamed at Tuxen. “Please, hurry; conduct the marriage ceremony.”
The walls of the church creaked. The few remaining pictures hanging on the walls were knocked clean off and blown effortlessly across the room.
“Where’s the antidote?” asked Haleton.
“It’s been poured into the gold chalice and is waiting for you to drink it,” instructed Craig. He grabbed the chalice from under his arm, handing it to Haleton.
“Is the formula correct?” questioned Amber.
“Trust me, I mixed the antidote myself,” said Craig.
Amber looked sideways at him. “I want to talk to you in private.”
“We don’t have the time,” blurted Craig, looking at his watch. “We only have sixty seconds.”
Amber glared at Craig. “I’d like to believe you about having mixed the antidote correctly. My fiancé told me what you said.”
“I relinquish my love for you?”
“Yes.”
“It’s the truth.”
“Craig, how can I believe you?” Amber growled. “You downed your knee, asking me to marry you. I can’t understand how you could love me then let me love another man?”
“I can due to the fact I do love you and I always will.”
“You’d let me off the hook?”
“So, to speak,” admitted Craig.
“You do realize if the antidote isn’t exact, I won’t ever talk to you again.”
“I’ve thought it through. It boils down to the fact, you, Amber Cantala, have no choice except to trust me.” Craig raised his eyebrows, cementing his words.
“I’ll make another batch of antidote,” yelled Amber.
“You don’t have the time; there are only thirty seconds remaining. Please, for once, trust me. I’ll never steer you wrong,” growled Craig.
“Amber, if there’s something between you and Craig I’ll understand. If you’ve changed your mind, it’s okay. I’ll never hold you personally responsible for anything that goes wrong,” said Haleton.
Amber shot both men a furious look. “Craig, I will marry William whether you like it or not.”
“He’s all yours.”
“I don’t understand what is the delay?” questioned Haleton.
“Amber thinks I deliberately stuffed up the antidote so when your time is up in this year, you’ll be gone, and I’ll be free to marry her.”
“Did you?”
“No. I’d never betray either of you. I’m a man of my word.”
“It’s good enough for me,” said Haleton.
“How can you believe Craig? If something were to go wrong, I’d miss you.”
“I’d miss you too. I believe the possibility of never seeing you again will be too much to bear.”
Amber and Haleton hugged each other. Already he felt the pangs of the endless years of loneliness. He shuddered at the thought.
“If we don’t hurry, drinking the antidote or not won’t matter,” urged Craig, tapping both lovebirds on the shoulder.
Amber broke free of the cuddle. “Craig, it looks like I’ll have to trust you.”
Haleton looked at his watch. “We have to be married in twenty seconds.”
“It shall be done,” announced Peter Tuxen.
The wind whipped up by the orb of light suddenly ceased. The group watched the orb settle itself directly over Haleton’s head. Several sheets of A4 size papers slowly floated back to the carpet.
“There’s no time,” whispered Haleton. “This is the last part. When it descends, I’ll be gone.” His words started to sound distorted. He quickly squatted to help prolong the time.
Tuxen completed the sign of the cross over Amber and Haleton. “You two are standing before God in a show of complete love towards one another. In the sight of our two dear witnesses, Amber and you William Haleton, are now joined in marriage. I now pronounce you husband and wife.” Tuxen handed Haleton the gold chalice.
“Craig, hand over the book, the orb is flattening out!” shrieked Amber.
Haleton raised the gold-plated cup full of the antidote to his lips. The liquid felt like hot acid, sliding down his throat. His heart pumped the antidote in surges throughout his body. He felt nauseated. Haleton’s knees buckled under his weight.
Amber raised her hands to her mouth and screamed. No one heard the noise. She grabbed Haleton’s arm.
Haleton knew he needed to concentrate on keeping the liquid down. He focused on trying to work out how long it had been since he’d drank or eaten anything, but as the liquid swirled through his veins he gave up. He tried in desperation to focus on the year 2010. It seemed an impossible task.
“The brew is doing its job. I feel my strength returning. I feel clean for the first time in hundreds of years.”
“I can hear you!” squealed Amber.
“Look, the orb is rising,” yelled Craig.
Miriam rushed to Amber’s side. Together they helped Haleton to his feet.
Amber leaned in for her first wedded kiss. Haleton backed off.
“What’s this? You’re not scared?”
“Before the first kiss, I have to say the last line of the book.”
“I don’t understand any of this,” screamed Miriam, rubbing the sides of her head. “The antidote thing, wind inside a church or the orb of light which has moved off to a short distance?”
Amber grinned. “You will.”
Craig thrust the book titled ‘Blood Red Rose’ under Haleton’s nose. Focusing on the last line, he read the words in an exact voice.
“William Haleton, have a long happy life and enjoy the love of your new bride. Congratulations signed Priest Macularta.”
A woman’s voice echoed outward from the center of the orb of light.
“William Haleton, I know you can’t see me. This recorded message has been sent to you from me, ‘Rose-a-lee Cantala.’ If you can hear my message, I’m glad the antidote worked. For how long I have no idea. My prayer is for you to look after your new bride with all the love inside of you that has been dormant in your heart for all those years. Have an extra-long happy life. You deserve it.”
Haleton placed the book on the table and kissed the woman he longed to be with.
The group watched the orb of light ascend higher into the air. It hovered for a time then started to shrink back to nothing.
In seconds it had vanished.
Haleton smiled at his new bride knowing his old life was finally swept away. His new life had just begun.


The series continues in book two titled ‘Blood red rose two’
Here is a snipper of that book

CHAPTER ONE


1pm March 2nd, 2012
Austin hospital: Sixty minutes from the Melbourne CBD.


DELIBERATE INAUDIBLE footsteps approached the doorway. Before entering the room, the twenty-two-year-old woman stopped to view the scene. A stethoscope dangled from her neck. The rectangle shaped name tag pinned to her shirt; highlighted.
‘Doctor Amber Cantala-Haleton.’
The dark-haired doctor entered the room. She strolled across the floor and stood next to the sixty-five-year-old woman sobbing at the side of the hospital bed.
Doctor Amber Cantala-Haleton placed her hand securely on the soon-to-be-widow’s shoulder.
“Marie, it’s time to turn off the life support machine.”
Her voice sounded gentle, warm, friendly. Not one staff member working at the hospital could come close to her perfect bedside manner.
Grey haired Marie Watson looked up at the young Doctor. The words she wanted to say failed to leave her throat. Another tear rolled down her cheek.
Doctor Amber Cantala gently stroked Marie’s left shoulder blade.
“I understand your torment,” she whispered.
Marie swallowed in an attempt to moisten her red raw throat. “How can you?” she rasped.
“In ways, you could never understand.”
Marie clung to hope the future might be different. What she’d give so her husband could hold her in his arms for one last dance? Just one more walk in the park. For one last kiss. She reached out and stroked her husband’s hand clinging desperately to the idea he’d wake. Pulling her hand back she knew it was time to give her final gift of love. Slowly her nods, though hesitant, grew stronger.
The doctor picked up on the signal. She walked a death march to the front of the bed. Her glances volleyed between the grieving widow and her brain-dead husband.
Sobbing quietly, Marie closed her eyes before lowering her head into the palms of her hands. When she finally lifted her head, the doctor sent the woman a long gentle, caring look. Marie stared directly at the female doctor, hovering over the life support machine. She searched the doctor’s eyes for something which might change her dismal, lonely future at the last second.
The tall, thin doctor draped in a white coat, showed no inkling of a sign. She turned her attention to the silver toggle switch on the front of the machine. Using her left hand, she reached out for the metal switch. A nerve in her hand twitched several times. The doctor frowned, hiding her apprehension from Marie.
Doctor Amber Cantala looked at the man lying in the bed for the last time. The ends of her lips curled up ever so slightly, her face changing to a white wash color. She applied pressure to the toggle switch. It clicked to the ‘OFF’ position. The noise echoed around the room. Instead of a single long monotone noise, the life support machine kept up its slow rhythmic beep. Marie Watson looked up at her dead husband then slowly focused on the doctor. The wrinkles in her brow deepened. Conspiracy thoughts flashed into her mind. Her pupils constricted. Using the edge of the bed for a brace, she stood on trembling legs. She spat angrily.
“What have you done? My husband is still alive? You and the other so-called medical experts have misdiagnosed my husband’s supposed fatal disease.”
Doctor Amber Cantala-Haleton’s face glistened in the light of the overhead fluorescent tubes. Her eye teeth seemed longer than usual. Her face looked slightly tainted. Her eyes flashed a red luminosity. Before Marie could note the subtle change, the color of Amber’s face returned to a normal soft feminine glow. Red rosy cheeks replaced the tainted look.



Dear reader,
Thank you for reading my novel ‘Blood red rose’ I do hope you enjoyed it. Any feedback is gratefully accepted. The information you, the reader give, helps me to become a more professional author.

My novels are based on the Australian culture. Some of the spelling is Australian. Thanks for your understanding.

Again, thank you for your support, for without you, the reader, I wouldn’t have anyone to read my work.

Mark Stewart

Email: mark_stewart777@hotmail.com

Other novels I have written in the way of romance are:
Kiss on the bridge
Kiss on the bridge two
Kiss on the bridge three

The perfect gift:
Legendary blue diamond
Legendary blue diamond two
Legendary blue diamond three

Don’t tell my secret.
201 May Street
The girl from Emerald Hill
Ladies’ Club
Mistress
Book of secrets

The Blood Red Rose
Blood Red Rose Two
Blood Red Rose Three

Crime novels: The Kendal Chronicles.
Fire Games:
Heart of a spider:
I know your secret.

Children: A Troglian knows
Luke’s cubby house
Malcolm’s cubby house

Smashwords has various short stories.

Below is the opening page of my some of the novels.


Synopsis: Kiss on the bridge. Adventure romance

How would you react if a tall handsome stranger came up to you on new-years-eve and asked for a kiss?
Kiss on the bridge is set in the year 1974. Cyclone Tracy made landfall in Darwin on 25th December 1974 at 9:55am desecrating Darwin. After Tracy had swept the state there was nothing left except this story? Out of the ruins, love sparked and mushroomed between Anneli and Wade. They were destined to meet and tell their story for decades to come.

Kiss on the bridge two: Set in Australia in 1977. Meredith wakes in a coffin. She has no idea her hero is on the way. They meet and fall in love, but will the emotion be strong enough to keep them together?

The Perfect Gift. Adventure romance. Available Smashwords

Naomi is twenty-six and doesn’t like the way all men mistreat her. She decides a change is needed and applies to be a jillaroo on a cattle station named the Oasis. Its location is in outback Australia. She meets a cowboy, Trent, who is a rodeo champion. They agree on a bet. Eventually both want out, but neither wants to be first.
Through a series of adventures stretching from the city, to a fast-flowing river in the outback where Trent must save Naomi from drowning, love germinates in the middle of a storm.
In her heart, Naomi is a woman who adores the city’s nightlife, but as the sun sets on each day, the Australian outback is enticing and the excitement of the city fades. Then she inadvertently saves the Oasis.
Love is growing, then Brandt; Naomi’s obsessive ex-boyfriend tracks her down. Can Trent save her one last time?

Synopsis: Legendary Blue Diamond. Adventure romance. Available April 10th 2012

HISTORIANS AND researchers say the birth of the legendary blue diamond originated when the earth was being born. Some say the legend commenced at the union between a man who had skin, the colour of the night sky and a woman who had skin the colour of the sun. Rumor has it the diamond was no larger than a single carrot. Lately there have been whispers the deep blue coloured diamond was reported to be in excess of nine carrots possibly even ten or higher. What I believe isn’t important, though I assume it lays somewhere in between. There’s been bush talk from the Australian Kimberley’s to Melbourne; whosoever touches the blue stone will die, for it is cursed by God. I believe it is due to man’s greed and the blood that drips from his hands is the truth behind the cursed stone.
I have extensively researched a great number of books on the subject looking for a start date to the authenticity of the legend. I think I may have uncovered the actual events, but I have no way of proving if the facts are correct. I have been able to ascertain the legend was born around the mid 1800’s AD when the State bank of Victoria was in its infancy. A gold prospector unearthed the diamond. In days he had sold it. The buyer was a man in charge of the bank. The diamond was indeed dark blue in colour, but definitely a one off, stroke of luck find. One cold dark night a bushranger, his brother and a third man came into a small town searching for the blue diamond. They never found it. The banker was tortured for the information of the stone’s where-a-bouts. He took the knowledge of its existence to his grave. Of late a possible theory has been circulating the man’s wife has it in her possession. How she escaped from being murdered was any one’s guess.
If you ask me, do I believe in the story, I’ll answer you truthfully. I know it only to be a legend.

Synopsis: Blood Red Rose. Vampire adventure romance. Available on Smashwords.

“You can’t force me to drink that, I’m innocent,” yelled Haleton. “Rose-a-lee what have you done?”
There was no reply.
William Haleton is a normal man looking for love and the good life then the council of four modifies his DNA and uses him as a guinea pig. They transform him into a vampire. Pleading his innocence falls on deaf ears.
Haleton is hungry for the next evil soul, but deep down he has a burning desire for the love of a girl. Her blood is sweet and hypnotic. Her genetic makeup is his perfect match.
Being transported again through time is not an option.
The clock is ticking.
Haleton will do anything to stay by Amber’s side, but is it possible for her to love him? Can Craig Benyon, Amber’s close friend, be trusted? After all he loves her as much as William Haleton.
If an antidote to the vampire’s curse is found in time, will it be successful, or is everything Haleton going through part of the vampire curse?

Don’t tell my secret

How far are you willing to go to keep a secret?
James Buxton is summoned to his publicist office. He’s not brave enough to tell her he’s suffering from writer’s block. She tells him to write a romance. At first, he refuses, explaining he writes crime. She walks over, gives him a seductive kiss then says go write me a romance novel. When he arrives at a bed and breakfast hotel, he meets an attractive woman, Mia Garnett. Did fate bring them together or something else? James meets an elderly woman, Eloise, who wants to dictate a romance novel to him. He is told to take the credit for the book. The story is about a woman living in 1940’s and her struggles to survive when her husband goes to war. Lilly and her friend Suzie do a horrific act. They vow to take the unspeakable deed to their graves. As James types the novel, he falls in love with Mia. After a romantic dinner at a restaurant they dance to the juke box with the song queue full. At the end of the night they are informed the jukebox queue hasn’t worked for years. When Mia hears the truth behind Eloise will the discovery put a rift between her and James forever?

Synopsis: Fire Games. Crime. First book in the series.

Detective Alan Kendal puts his life on the line to outplay the psychotic arsonist known as Patrick.
Detective Kendal is ordered to team up with Detective Claire Ambroso, whom he’s known since school, but she carries a secret and he has a grey past. Which one will come forward to haunt first? Kendal grows suspicious of his new partner when she aims her gun directly at him and pulls the trigger. What’s her motive? Is she Patrick’s accomplice? If not, who is?
How can Patrick always be one step ahead? Does Kendal have enough time to rescue his kidnapped twelve-year-old daughter, Tegan, before Patrick’s fiery finale?


Synopsis: Heart of a spider. Crime. Second book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Detective Kendal is on the trail of a patient who has escaped the mental institution and wants to sever Kendal’s life line. The chase is complicated by the visitation of a ghost and the appearance of a supposed vigilante. 
Kendal doesn’t believe in ghosts, but finds himself having a conversation as he stares at one. His partner, Claire Ambroso has to fight for her life when Kendal is told to meet GP at the wharf when the moon is at the highest point in the night sky.
Confusion sets in at a local supermarket when a robbery goes wrong and someone in Kendal’s family is shot.
The trap is set for the person who masterminded the escape and a final shoot out at the hospital reveals amazing results which astounds even Kendal.

Synopsis: I know your secret. Crime. Third book in the series. Available Smashwords.

Everyone has a secret. Some people take theirs to the grave. Some hold their desires inside for a lifetime. Some stew on their secret all their life, and then they get revenge.
I know your secret is a suspenseful crime novel. Melbourne homicide detective Alan James Kendal and his partner Detective Claire Ambroso have to locate a missing teenage girl. The case hots up when he is introduced to a medium. She seems to hold all the knowledge of the case except a few minor details, like, why did Kendal find an empty bullet shell with a note inside which read, ‘I was paid to miss.’

