The Chronicles of Heaven’s War:
Book VI
Cry of the Eagle Spirits
Volume I

Ava D. Dohn
Copyright 2014

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

*    *    *

Table of Contents:
Section 26....No Age for Indecision
Section 27....With Blood We Prove Ourselves
Section 28....Beware the Silent Thunder
Section 29....Valley of Deep Shadow
Section 30....Heaven’s Pyre

*    *    *

Section 26

No Age for Indecision

In the fourth month of the twelfth year of the rule of KaliRachaelOnamie, queen in all the Earth and Hades, Quansehonie, son of Nhosetshonnie, Daughter of the Whirlpools,  and Tompodowhimee, Child with the Broken Bow, handed over to his brother, Elijah, son of Japheth, Keeper of the Copper Way and Son of the Mountain Bear, three tablets of gold leaf and two plates of copper, finely engraved on both front and back upon which Haudenosaunez, by his own hand, had written all the secrets and incantations of truth and glory given him by Sodasonie, Lady of the Hoarfrost and Keeper of Secret Knowledge, to share with mankind in the hour of rebirth, to have given to his children all the gifts promised him by the mouth of Sodasonie, so that all matters might be set straight and that all men should live in peace as one.

“As legal document, Quansehonie has placed into my hand all the history of his people from the days of Great Fire, the Two Hundred Years’ War, down to the time of Sonawahtusunnee, grandson of Haudenosaunez, who writes upon tablets of copper the demise of his brothers at the hand of Hikucosbonnii, great grandson of Haudenosaunez and despoiler of his brothers and patriarch of the proud race of indigenous people later known as the ‘Iroquois’.”

With those words stated so many millennia ago, I begin a tale of the profound, how a man full of courage and wisdom was introduced into the world of angels to raise swords in allegiance with the Spirits of the upper world, to bring to ruin a scheme hatched by demons and villains to hurry forth times and seasons so as to thwart Lowenah’s healing hour.  Through this one man, filled with faith and spirit, and through loss and privation, all of mankind was rescued and preserved alive, saved from a fate more fearsome than death, their freedom surviving down until this day.
I include this account at this time for, as you will see, knowledge is revealed here that helps the reader understand some of the reasons for certain events that arose during the King’s War.  The museum at EpiphanOida, City of Brilliant Knowledge, contains the original tablets, though many are the transcripts available.  To this day, Haudenosaunez’ ‘Cry of the Eagle Spirits’ moves the hearts of honest men to mourn the tragedy and sing the triumph of love put to the test.

*    *    *

  “It is with great sadness I leave you this time, my dear EpiphanOida, daughter of my granddaughter.”  Aphrodite sighed, leaning a hand out to the sternpost of the giant merchant ship as she scanned the eastern horizon.  “Evil grows in power every day, my dear.  Its shadow spreads ever outward, consuming all the lands both to the east and west.”
EpiphanOida, called ‘Dancing Stones’ by her people, took her great-grandmother’s hand, casting her eyes toward the deck of the ship as she nodded in silence.  This woman was tall and majestic, with flaming red hair and dark green eyes that could pierce a person’s heart with but a stare.  She looked to be in her middle years but was far older by several hundred of them, among the oldest of her kin, there being less than one hundred years between her and the great, flooding tumult that had brought Aphrodite’s world to a sudden finish.  A witch with extraordinary powers, her uncanny skills in the arts were taught her by Aphrodite.  Her abilities to communicate through the Talking Stones made her renown throughout all the lands of Japheth and Ham.
EpiphanOida was the daughter of Madai, son of Japheth, son of Noah and Aphrodite.  She married Dodanim, who eventually took up the staff of his father, Javan the Elder, and ruled over all the lands east toward the territories of Kittim and Tarshish, his brothers, and parts west to the ocean beyond the mountains.  While mankind sank into the darkness of Hormax’ demon teachings in the eastern world, Dodanim had managed to prevent its intrusion into these western lands.
Ah, but now it was the late hour and the walls of resistance were crumbling.  Tarshish and Kittim had long ago passed away in death, and Dodanim was no more, his mourning celebration having only recently been completed.  They had buried him in the north, alongside his grandfather and father and so many of his siblings, and were only now returned.  Dodanim’s son, JavanHoshoni, also known as ‘Javan the Younger’, believed to be a child born of RehabAboni, Dodanim’s younger wife, had now taken up the great elder rule.
JavanHoshoni was a good man, seeking to rule in all the ways of his forebears but, sadly, he was not yet able to garner the respect of the people the same as his father did.  With the loss of the old guard, Hormaxian philosophy was already creeping into the minds and hearts of younger generations in the land.  JavanHoshoni refused to allow it to surface, suppressing it as best he could, but his younger kindred secretly listened to the whimsical music of those demon songs.
EpiphanOida had borne only daughters to Dodanim.  They, too, were witches with uncanny powers, but less so.  Still, because they were all females, Dodanim dared not allow them to ascend the throne to rule over his people, fearing an uprising among them because of it.  The patriarchs had always held the commander’s staff up to that day.
Still, like their mother, the title of ‘Sodasonie HiGah’, meaning ‘Daughter Dragon’, had been bestowed upon the eldest of Aphrodite’s granddaughters born through the lineage of Dodanim and EpiphanOida, thus, through Aphrodite’s lineage for many generations. ShosheeHoihido was the youngest of EpiphanOida’s descendants to take up that title, born on the new moon preceding Javan the Elder’s death.  For all this time, the House of the Dragons had resisted the infiltration of Hormaxian religion among mankind.

All these memories raced through EpiphanOida’s mind, recalling happy, carefree days when the entire world was fresh and new, how the great chieftains Noah, Japheth, and Ham would meet in yearly council to teach the people in all the ways of the North.  Then there was the day of her marriage to Dodanim, she but fourteen.  All the chieftains came, even Shem and his kindred from across the wide, Eastern Sea.  Oh, those were such wonderful days before Hormax polluted their world with an influx of demonic rites that spread murder and hatred into all the lands!
Here, in this one kingdom - the land of Dodanim, Kittim, and Tarshish - was the evil kept at bay.  But now, with the last true, restraining influence passed off the scene, EpiphanOida saw the shadow of that evil slowly encroaching upon them.  Already the sons of Ham to the south had surrendered.  Rumors of human sacrifice, cannibalism, grotesque forms of sex worship and sexual mutilation among those people had become common.  EpiphanOida’s night visions warned her that soon war would loom between her people and the sons of Ham, divine retribution for the wickedness being carried out in that spoiled land.

“Mother,” EpiphanOida always called Aphrodite ‘mother’, “your daughter-child will stand by her word to you, but still,”  she peered into Aphrodite’s eyes, her voice pleading, “I am not like you.  Your strength and power, respect you get from my brothers and sisters, I do not have, not like you do.  You are a goddess in their eyes, your youthful appearance not having changed since you set foot in this new world so many generations ago.  Why must you abandon us to what is coming when you have the power to stop it?”
Aphrodite smiled ever so slightly as she reached out, taking EpiphanOida’s hand.  “My daughter, you are not that much younger than I, not by the reckoning of the Elder Days.  True it is that a man may now live but a hundred and twenty years and be considered old, but your blood is still strong with the youth of the Elder Days.  I feel it. Many are the years left to you.  You, like me, are timeless in the eyes of these people.  They will listen to you as they have listened to me.”
EpiphanOida sadly shook her head, disagreeing.  “You are too kind to me, Mother.  Youthful?  For an old woman, maybe...  You have been very busy these past several years and have not looked closely at your daughter.  My beauty has begun to fade, my belly has become barren, and my breasts refuse to give milk.  No, I doubt I have eighty summers left of my life.  You…you will live on past this age and into the new one that will provide us a sign of hope that Hormax’ evil shall come to its end.  But I will not see that promise.”
Studying EpiphanOida like a mother examines a little child, Aphrodite mused, “Well, maybe there are a few signs of your maturing, but they are so minor, I’d not noticed.”
“You are kind to your little girl, but you do not fool me,” EpiphanOida politely chided Aphrodite.  “Mother, you see the grave peril this world is in.  You have the power to hold it in check, at least for a much longer time than I can.  Why must you leave now, at this critical hour?”
Brushing EpiphanOida’s cheek the way she had done so many times before, Aphrodite answered, “The hour for debate has ended for, as you well know, my destiny lies far across these waters, in the land of your uncle, Shem.  My visions have cried out to me to go to that land, to speak to my son and teach and prepare him so that he will understand future prophecy.  The Lady, the one who gave us the name ‘Sodasonie HiGah’, she came to me not in a vision, but in the wilderness soon after your husband’s death.  She instructed me in all the things I must do before the world plunges into darkness.”
Aphrodite took EpiphanOida’s hands and pulled them close to her breast.  “She is a great warrior, Daughter Dragon of the Heavens.  She has promised me that she will not forget the children of Japheth, but will save a few unto the ending hour when all things will be made new forever.  I must go, but her spirit will reside in you.  The lies of Hormax cannot consume this land as long as you and your kind stand as a shield wall over it.
“My daughter, when the world of my childhood sank beneath the waves of Iam’s denunciation, I dreamed the madness of those days had perished along with that world.  I forgot that the real evil ones did not die, but merely fled to their worlds to await a renewing of their wicked deeds.  The Lady even now fights to save our world from destruction by raising up the House of the Dragons in the land but that, too, will soon pass away.  For Evil must be played to its end, and then…and then?  Well, we pray it shall be gone forever.”
Aphrodite released EpiphanOida’s hands and turned to watch the sun rising over the Eastern Sea.  “As you witnessed, I faced the demon called ‘Legion’ and bested him in my hour of battle with him, but it came at great cost to me.  Long have my bones ached with a sickness that burns at night, and I see them aglow when I walk naked in the shadows of evening.  I do not live by my own might but from the bottle of elixir the Lady gave me when she happened upon my ruined body that day so long ago.  I live by the will of the Lady and shall continue on until my destiny is fulfilled.
“My youthful beauty is a sign - a sign of what remains good in this world.  When I depart these realms, so shall pass the last of the Dragons,” she lowered her head in sadness, “and Hormax’ evil age shall come to its full.”
She looked back into EpiphanOida’s face.  “I have seen and been told by the Lady...for she has read your heart...you shall not see old age but shall come to your rest in a dream, holding close the man your soul has loved these many years.”  Her eyes welled up with tears, not wanting to reveal hidden knowledge of future days.  “The Lady has promised and the Lady does not lie.  You, too, will be visited one day and a blessing she will bestow upon you, but also a curse upon this people that my heart has no strength to offer at this time.”
EpiphanOida began to ask about days yet to come.  Aphrodite motioned her off, looking again toward the sea so as to hide her tears.  At length, she spoke.  “Legion is most powerful, but he does fear me because of the glory the Lady has given to me.  I must return to the land of my son, Shem, or all will be lost.  It is there, in that land, the world shall be saved.  I have to see that prophecy be fulfilled, no matter the cost to my favorite son and his children.  You must protect them and I must protect the world, those who have passed on and are yet to come.”
The commotion of the crew coming aboard after breakfasting halted the conversation.  The headman hurried aft, approaching and bowing with respect, calling the hour.  “My Queen Mother, forgive me please for the intrusion, but the tide will soon be ebbing and we must pass the reef before the morning watch is over.  The wind is already in our favor.  What say you?  Do we sail this morning or shall I call down the crew?”
Aphrodite thanked the man for his kindness, adding, “I must leave on this tide, for the hour is ever close and I fear even one more day dallying in this beautiful place.  Should I do so, I might never go.”
The man bowed again and hurried away to prepare the ship for departure.
Aphrodite leaned forward, burying her face on EpiphanOida’s shoulder, sobbing, “I fear I shall never see this land again, the land I have loved so much.  Only my memories of this place will I have to comfort me in my final days.  It can be so cruel, doing the right thing, but I must see this matter through, do my part.”
She stood back, sniffling.  Peering into EpiphanOida’s eyes, hands resting on the woman’s shoulders, she admonished, “And you must do the same.  Stay the path no matter the cost to you.  You’re a Daughter Dragon, too.  If you remain true to your destiny, then we shall help to save many of my children.  Our reward shall come at another time and in another place.  Do not forget the Lady.  She has given far more than we have to save our people.  Follow her example.”  Hugging EpiphanOida tightly, Aphrodite cried, “Oh my darling daughter, I love you so much!  I will miss you…miss you.”  Standing back, she let go of EpiphanOida, giving her leave.  Following her forward until reaching the docking ramp, Aphrodite said her final goodbyes as EpiphanOida departed, going ashore.
The boatmen released the lines holding the ship fast.  It drifted upon the current until it cleared the quays where the crew unfurled the sails.  The headman called the vessel to starboard to make for the channel as the crew scurried about, preparing for open water.
Aphrodite clung to a ratline, staring back at the land she so deeply cherished and the woman who was more a lover than a daughter to her.  At length, when they had gained some distance from shore, she waved her hand high, affectionately calling out to the solitary figure standing on the pier, “May you journey upon the wings of Cherubs!”
Its sails caught a morning breeze as the giant merchant ship pulled out toward the Eastern Sea.  Long EpiphanOida stood, tear-filled eyes straining to watch until the tallest mast faded beyond the misty horizon.  Then, in a voice just above a choking whisper, she called back, “May the Cherubs also do the same for you...”

*    *    *

EpiphanOida sat upon the earthen floor, cross-legged, her naked skin perspiring from the heat of the fire.  She listened carefully to harmonic music coming from pulsing stones in the midst of the blaze, their low earthtones reverberating off small granite pillars encircling those three crystalline obelisks, increasing their volume to an audible level.  At times, static fire would leap from the top of one obelisk to another.  When that would occur, EpiphanOida would begin to chant in the same musical earthtones, replying to the coded messages received.  By this means, she could share knowledge with distant lands.  News delivered through the Talking Stones was disheartening.
It was late evening when JavanHoshoni arrived, hurrying one hundred leagues as fast as may be after receiving EpiphanOida’s request to come to her at the city of ObebBailSoar situated on the High Pass, the northernmost east-west travel route through the Old Mountains.  This range was pre-diluvian, separating the eastern isles of Tarshish from the tribes of Madai and Gomer to the west of the Great Ice River, the land of Dodanim separating the two.  ObebBailSoar was located along the pass at its highest elevation.  It was one of the cities where Aphrodite had strategically built a ‘Temple Owhar’ or ‘Tower of the Talking Stones’.
Javan waited patiently in the shadows for EpiphanOida to finish her ‘incantations’.  At least that was the term used by the children of that day to describe what appeared as magic to them, having little knowledge of the ancient technology of pre-flood days.  Few understood that the musical tunes were actually a form of pulsing code, the tone, duration of the notes and other subtleties in pitch and intensity all part of a tapestry of words and letters that allowed a transfer of information across great distances.  This was how the Daughter Dragons and others skilled in the same arts gained insight into the wide world around them.  Javan, born hundreds of years hence, understood little of the witching ways even though he was a guardian over some its hidden secrets.
It was not that the sons of Noah wished for their children to be ignorant of wonderful inventions from the past, but it was decided by them it must become the case.  It was at the last Great Council a decision was made to conceal such knowledge from the children because of the evil it was releasing upon the world.  Hormaxian religion was ever spreading, corrupting the minds of the naive and innocent.  The Hormaxians, now called the ‘Priests of Horus’, were polluting the world rapidly with use of that technology.  It must be slowed down.
EpiphanOida remembered the last Great Council well, for it was just before the birthing of her third child.  All the chieftains were there, even from far across the Eastern Sea and from distant lands in the west.  Noah and his sons convened the council, overseeing it.  Among those gathered were many of the immediate sons and daughters to the third generation of those born since the Deluge.  EpiphanOida was so pleased to have been invited, hugging her husband Dodanim’s arm, being full with child at the time, and he being so proud of her as they marched into the Great Hall of Meeting.
Debates lasted for many days, with strong arguments being presented for and against on how and why action needed to be taken.  In the end, the council chose to listen to the advice of Noah and Aphrodite and remove such knowledge from the hands of their children, placing its safe-keeping with those trusted persons gathered at the council.  All other wise knowledge of the Days Before Time was to be hidden away from the midst of the people, with present forms of that technology being rendered useless.
Noah and Aphrodite selected those who should become the Keepers of Hidden Knowledge, Noah choosing from the sons and Aphrodite choosing from the daughters.  Having already received the title of ‘Sodasonie HiGah Si’, ‘Daughter Dragon, Chief Warlock’ from the Lady, Aphrodite bestowed the title of ‘Sodasonie HiGah’ upon any daughter chosen to become a Keeper of Hidden Knowledge.  Noah decided to bestow upon his chosen sons ‘Sodasonie HiGuu’, ‘Son Dragon-Warlock’ feeling it an appropriate name because the purpose of the men and women was to be equally the same, to protect and hide that secret knowledge until it was safe to reveal it again.
Shocked were both EpiphanOida and Dodanim when they were appointed first from among the children, given authority over the others chosen.  To them fell the honor and responsibility to harbor safe the people from the destructive forces such knowledge could release on innocent hearts and minds.  All the selected children…Dragons…under the direction of Dodanim and EpiphanOida, spread out across the surface of the earth to implement the edict of the Great Council, using those very uncanny powers to accomplish the task, thus, the rise of these wizards of renown who vanquished the priests of Horus from many lands while saving others from their evil intrusion.
Still, the teachings of Hormax were so deeply ingrained in the hearts of a large number who sought power and glory for themselves, they could not be completely contained.  Gradually, as the first of the Dragons passed away, the powers of the Keepers of Hidden Knowledge waned and became corrupted, with even a few polluting themselves with the teachings of Hormax for their own selfish gain.

At length, sometime far past the middle night watch, EpiphanOida stood, sighing in pain as she rubbed life back into tired legs.  She looked up to see Javan standing just in the edge of the light, waiting, and smiled her ‘hellos’.  The dying hearth fire cast long shadows, hiding the woman’s features as she approached, but Javan could see tiny tremors racing along her chilled skin.  Undoing his fur cape, he hurried forward to greet EpiphanOida, wrapping the garment over her shoulders.
EpiphanOida blushed at the kindness like a maiden with a first love, cooing her thanks.  Javan grinned, “Queen Mother, it is to my loss that I cover such beauty.  None so wonderful is there to gaze upon than you.  Sadly, I must conceal from my eyes the most treasured of delights so as to preserve her alive from the cold, northern winds.”
Spreading her arms and giving him a huge, naked hug, EpiphanOida teasingly mused, “Much more would I rather your heated flesh to keep me warm than the hide of a mountain bear.  But let this suffice for now, for much counsel must we take before the sun returns to the sky.”  She took his hand while slipping on some sandals delivered to her by a young apprentice girl.  Then, gripping tight the fur cape with her other hand, she hurried them away to private chambers down a narrow city path.  Soon they were joined by a handful of EpiphanOida’s kindred, all the men and women being Dragons.
After proper introductions and salutations, EpiphanOida stood to address the group.  Newly kindled fires were warming the room, so she took off the cape before she spoke.  Although the woman was still magnificently beautiful in haunting ways, the light revealed that the winds of time had not been kind.  Scars of recent battles with beasts and men did not heal and disappear as in former days.  And battles this woman had contended in many times, what with the priests of Horus ever on the march to bring forward foul deeds to this land, and the great toothed beasts that inhabited the Northlands that had taken to the eating of human flesh when the need came upon them.  Danger lurked everywhere, yet that was where EpiphanOida often chose to place her tent, in the heart of danger.
In all the lands from the Eastern Sea to the western ocean beyond the mountains, the name ‘Dancing Stones’ was both loved, hated, feared, and even revered, EpiphanOida being the greatest of the Daughter Dragons.  Little was remembered of the Elder Days, most of the children living now knowing those times only from stories told them about their forebears.  Aphrodite was a myth, turned into a goddess, Noah and his sons merely fables for the firelight.  Hormaxian religion had been quite successful at twisting truth into fantasy while turning the tales of demons into the true history.
It had been over one hundred twenty summers since Aphrodite departed these shores, many long years more than EpiphanOida expected to live.  Still, the woman did live.  She had aged very little since the day she saw her great-grandmother off.  Other than a few wisps of silvery gray salting her bright red locks, and a few laugh lines around her eyes, the woman remained youthful with beauty.  But she was so odd to the children of that day, looking so young yet acting as ancient as the mountains upon which they trod.  Many kept their distance unless necessity forced itself upon them.
EpiphanOida was then, in the eyes of the people, both an enchantress and a mystic, a goddess and a witch, most to be feared because of the lies spread by the prophets of Hormax concerning her uncanny powers.  She found little peace anymore with the offspring of men, the reason the woman hid often in the wilderness.  Still, in the land of her husband, Dodanim, she was loved and respected, the city of ObebBailSoar being a sanctuary of sorts when she tired of warring with the outside world.
Tonight there was little thought of sanctuary on EpiphanOida’s mind.  The Talking Stones spoke of tales of gloom and destruction.  TitanAmactony, great, great grandson of Sabteca, the son of Cush, had risen up in revolt and taken the throne of Egypt, now becoming little more than a puppet kingdom of Greater RaamahBarSabteca, the Hamitic western territories far across the waters from Egypt, ruled over by TitanAmactony’s older cousin, Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah.  The wealth of that kingdom was now being transferred to Greater RaamahBarSabteca along with secret knowledge and hordes of hidden Hormaxian treasures that Aphrodite had long searched for to destroy.
EpiphanOida explained that with these recovered secrets of pre-flood technology Hormax had preserved, the priests of Horus could now, far from the prying eyes of Aphrodite, proceed to advance this magic that would give them power to conquer the world, paving the way for their god-king’s returning.
Pacing excitedly while waving her hands about, EpiphanOida detailed the seriousness of the moment.  “Already the sons of Ham and Shem are gathering their forces in the south to invade out territories.  The priests of Horus are building wondrous machines of war using Hormaxian knowledge stolen away from Egypt.  Our Queen Mother cannot help us for it is impossible for her to desert eastern lands at this moment.  With Egypt under the full control of the House of Hormax, it being little more than a vassal kingdom of the West, our mother must remain as a bulwark against its taking over the remaining eastern kingdoms.
“It will be up to us, then, to stay the forces in the south.  We must strike first before Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah, a child of both Ham and Shem, the self-appointed lord-king over all Hamitic territories, can finish building his war machine and invade our world.  It has been revealed to me that the man has opened his heart to the chief prince of demon lords, Samyaza, who has promised to destroy all the children of Japheth in these lands because of his hatred for our Queen Mother.”
She looked at Javan.  “We must deliver all the sons of Japheth together to move against this gathering horde.  Kittim must take up the sword and move its armadas of merchant ships toward the south and east to engage the fleets of Havilah and Sheba that are soon coming against us from those lands allied with Egypt.  Tarshish must gather its strength and their boats of oak and skins to hold back the forces of Egypt and Casluhim, their ships being soldiered by a great Philistine host.”
EpiphanOida sighed, nodding, “The Sidonians have not yet bent a knee to the priests of Horus and have promised to aid us with their naval forces.  Already Zarephath, a great chief in the Sidonian house, has delivered his battle fleets into the Eastern Sea, desiring to combine forces with Tarshish to make a stand against the Egyptians and Casluhims before the isles of Atlanticia, the great city of Meshech.  Madai and Gomer must gather to us from the western lands beyond the Ice River so that all these tribes along will all the tribes of Dodanim can march as one to bring to a ruin the works of Hormax.”
Javan stood, his arms out and hands upraised as if holding an empty basket.  “My Lady, Queen Mother, should I gather all the stones in the sea, I could not accomplish what you demand!  Our people are peaceful farmers, traders, and fishers.  Swords we have not, the axe being our most formidable weapon, and they are few, made for the building of homes and the splitting of wood.  How do we stand against a horde filled with hatred, having countless men trained in war, and now… now that the priests of Horus bring the secrets of the sky ships with them from Egypt?”
EpiphanOida pointed a finger at Javan, shaking it as she answered, “Do not think the hand of Iam is short!  There are more with us than with them.  The Lady!  The Lady, herself, stands with us, her sword unsheathed in our defense.  But we must first prove ourselves worthy of her trust.  If you have the courage, I will show you before the moon has cast its glory to the full.  I will show you the power of the gods who stand our side.”
Javan bowed his head in apology.  “Queen Mother, I am sorry to have questioned the power of Iam and the Lady and to have questioned your words.  You were a wet-nurse for me during my mother’s absence and brought me into manhood with the dreams of witches.  You have given me so many wonderful gifts, but I doubted because of the great trepidation pressing upon my heart.  Please overlook the foolishness of your servant.”
Stepping in close, EpiphanOida rested a hand on Javan’s shoulder, smiling, “So much you look like your father.  I miss him so.  His rule was one of peace, and we had hoped the cleansed earth would see it never ending.  Alas, it was not to be.  You have been a son and lover to me, sharing the dreams that only Daughter Dragons can give.  You are such a gentle man.  I know your heart seeks other means to bring this evil to a finish, but it is not to be.  My witchery has not diminished.  I can still give to my lover the vision of dreams.  I will show you the road you must take and give you power to accomplish your task.”  She backed up quickly, scanning faces of those gathered there, asking anxiously, “Are you with me?”
Everyone in the chamber answered resoundingly with “Yes!”
Pleased, EpiphanOida went on to make preparations for war, saying to the Dragons, “This is our coming day, the day prophesied by the King Dragon, Noah, when he anointed the first of the Dragons at the Great Council so many ages ago.  Now we must come into the light and take up the sword, each man and woman of us, and we will ride beside our king, Javan, to stem the tide of wickedness for an hour more.
“Go!  Go to your assigned duties.  Raise the ire of all the kindred folk, all the sons of Japheth, to bring them to war.  I shall call out to our Dragon kindred through the Stones, to deliver them all to our council of war.  To Castle Dodanim, you are to bring all the chiefs and patriarchs of our families.  We must stand in council in the Great Hall before the birth of the next new moon.  So quickly, go to your duties!  Make haste, for the hour draws ever close.”
After a few hugs and affectionate words, the company scattered.  Once the others left, EpiphanOida drew Javan close in a tender embrace.  “My king, will you come with me into the wilderness this day?”
Javan nodded approvingly.  “I will go with you across the Ice Mountains if you were to request it.  Where you walk, I will protect your side, where you lie down to sleep, I will stand as a guard over you.”
EpiphanOida placed a finger over his lips.  “We must leave before the morning sunrise and I have many things yet to accomplish.  Already my attendants are rekindling the fires of the Talking Stones.  We shall leave directly from there, and we must hurry to beat the coming storm.  I will show you the power of the North and secrets to make you shiver, aghast.  And the Lady…the Lady?  We shall see.”
She then grasped his upper arms, staring passionately into his eyes.  “The mood is strong upon me.  So long has it been since the passion of a man I have felt.  You and your father are so much the same.  Please, an hour is all we have.  Give me your manliness and I shall reward you with a witch’s dream.”
Javan swooped EpiphanOida up in his burly arms, grinning, “My ardor for you has only grown stronger since our last encounter.  A dream...  A dream?  It is a wonderful gift, but so small compared to the ravishing feast my eyes behold before me.”
With each one uttering terms of endearment, Javan whisked EpiphanOida away to a fur-covered eiderdown just beyond the firelight.  Amidst the music of lovers’ songs, the crackling blaze snapped out its own little tune of warmth and contentment.

*    *    *

Javan shivered awake, pulling the heavy robe over his nose to warm the chilled air he breathed.  Looking out from under the shelter of hemlock boughs, he watched tiny sparks of a dying campfire drift lazily upward through the steady snow and frowned.  It was already middle spring, yet this place, only six days’ hard walk north of ObebBailSoar, appeared more like an ever-winter where spring feared to intrude upon this world of ice and cold.
As if aware of his thoughts, EpiphanOida quietly commented, “The sun will soon rise and if the wind spirits are kind, we shall feel the warmth of day.  The world of the Ice Mountains and the snow bear is a strange and wonderful place, but also very treacherous.”
Rolling over and laying his arm across EpiphanOida’s breasts, Javan apologized for waking the woman.  She smiled, turning toward him, pulling her naked body close to his.  “I was not asleep, have not slept these many nights since leaving my city.  Iam gives to me visions and dreams, recalling to me the world that once was and what may or may not be.  We are close to our quest.  One more high pass and we will be in the land of the Genesee, Gihon, the resting place of our fathers...your father.  I will soon show you on the ‘morrow, if the spirits are kind, the graves where the bones of your father and his father and, yes, even that of Noah are buried.  But first we must find Eden’s Gate.  That we shall do this day, if the ice spirits permit us entry.”
The sleepy firelight betrayed a passionate twinkle in EpiphanOida’s eyes as she tenderly kissed Javan and began to tickle his emotions until he consumed her in his embrace and made music’s love to her.  The blaze was little more than embers when arousal’s heat subsided, the heaving breaths of two lovers slowing.
As they lay there, EpiphanOida’s limbs locked in love’s embrace while Javan gazed down into her face, the two savoring romance’s afterglow as the man’s passionate ardor gradually ebbed, the woman cooed, “I will miss this the most when I go to my fathers.  So close to heaven do I feel when I become one with my lover.  To die in love’s rapture is a gift to wish the gods for.”
Javan kissed EpiphanOida’s lips, whispering, “With you…with you my heart feels the same.  No other woman has taken my spirit to such heights.  Should I have but one wish for my God to answer, it would be for an axe to build a fire, a robe of bearskin to keep me warm, and the woman I am with at this moment, for I should have no other needs for time everlasting.”
EpiphanOida teased, “You have forgotten your wives already?  They are most comely and gifted in the art of lovemaking, having taught them myself.  What, you would take the flesh of an aged woman over the youth and beauty of those wondrous flowers?”
Javan chided EpiphanOida as he nibbled on her ear, “You do this to me every time we come together.  I believe it is only for you to hear me sing my words of endearment to you.  I have loved you like no other ever since the day you took my hand and brought me to manhood.  You have gifted my spirit now for many long days and, by the by, shown my women companions how to arouse a man according to your witching ways so that my heart is always yearning for your embrace while I am lost in theirs.”
EpiphanOida laughed, “Keep a man wanting and he will always find a way to return to your door.  You are a wonderful lover.  I crave your manliness, to hold close within me all its manly glory for time unending.”  She sighed wistfully, “Your father was a wonderful lover, too, being able to excite me for a night and a day.  He did not lose his manly power even in his deepest sleep, staying strong within me throughout the long night.  If his ardor had not waned in his elder years, he could have taught you many things as you came into your manhood.”
Javan countered, “My father had many of my lifetimes to excel in those arts.  Me… I…my life is fewer than one hundred-forty summers, but my strength is already waning.  What shall it be for me?  The children of my time do not live long days.  What are mine, another thirty or forty?”
Brushing a hand across Javan’s face, EpiphanOida mused, “An old man?  I don’t know...  Three times this day since making camp you have proved your power to me, and I do believe there is yet strength in this old man to manifest it again before the sun awakes in the east.  I should wish for one old man like you than for ten of the most handsome young stallions the senseless women pine away for.”
With that, EpiphanOida began anew to practice her witchery upon her lover.  Soon their unbridled expressions of passion’s music were to be heard across the camp and into the surrounding evergreens.  Morning was well along before the two stirred, still locked in love’s embrace.

The sun hung lazily in the western sky by the time they had managed the High Pass before descending into the shadows on its northeastern side.  The day had been kind to them, cloudless and warm, with little breeze.  Snow from the night before was now long-forgotten, at least until the approach of evening when the chill from the Ice Mountains would again return, bringing winter to the forest for yet another night.
But this was spring in the land of the Ice Mountains, EpiphanOida explained, the woman having traveled through this foreboding land countless times.  Waving her hand toward the distant northern hills, she went on, “Beyond that ridge lay the mountains of ice of which you have heard so many tales.  Even now, after these long centuries since the Great Waters, they stand tall and proud.  We will see them from afar on the ‘morrow.”  She pointed high, in that direction.  “Beyond those peaks, further to the north, there is to be found a giant ocean of crystal blue water, it being held at bay by these very same Ice Mountains.  Greater than the Eastern Sea I believe it to be.  It is a most beautiful but very dangerous land to journey in, no sustenance or shelter except what you take with you, and the snow bear is ever hungrily searching for food.”  Taking Javan’s arm, EpiphanOida sighed, “So much I would love to take you there, but no, it cannot be.”
Javan countered, “We will come back soon, when the world is at peace once more.  You can show me its wonders then.”
Shaking her head sadly, EpiphanOida replied, “No.  It shall not be, for the Spirits tell me that we shall not pass this way again in this lifetime.  We must both go to our fathers before returning here and…”  She looked away, into the distant hills.
Javan prodded her, “Tell me, my Lady, please.  It is an unkindness to tease and not deliver.  Your words betray hidden knowledge that you have permitted to slip from your lips.  Now tell your brother the rest of your secrets.”
Still staring at the distant hills, EpiphanOida answered, “Forgive me, little brother, for speaking with a loose tongue.  Some secrets are better left unspoken.  My heart betrayed me to you, it wanting so much to unburden its weary load.”
“Then tell me your secrets and unburden your heavy heart,” Javan implored. “I am a trusted ally also, you know for a fact, besides being your lover.”
Spinning around to face Javan, revealing her tear-stained face, EpiphanOida bitterly accosted him. “Do you have the courage to carry on a hopeless fight, knowing that all your efforts will only hasten the end of your world?  Will you raise your banner to Heaven when you know that you are leading your world into Hell?  If I said that you were the ‘bringer of demons’, revealing Damien to you, would you have the heart to bring that man to ruin?!”
Shocked speechless, Javan could only dumbly stare into the face of his accuser.
Stepping up and hugging Javan’s arm, EpiphanOida begged his pardon.  “My Lord, king of this land, I am sorry, but I should cut out my tongue before I can reveal another thing to you.  You and I have a destiny to fulfill.  It will buy our people an hour, that is all.  But that hour will save a world in the end for it will give rise to a new power that will rid evil from our world forever… or that, at least, is the way I wish to understand the visions I have seen.”
An eagle on the hunt cried out its prey, circling high in the eastern sky.  Chancing a glance at the bird, EpiphanOida changed the subject, pointing, “This way...we must hurry.  There are impatient eyes watching us as I speak.  It is better to stay on the move.”  After readjusting her pack, she hastened onward down the ravine, calling back over her shoulder, “We’ve two more leagues to cover before the sun fails us this day.”
For more than two hours, the sojourners hurried through ragged hills along narrow valleys, ever going deeper into the mystic lands south of the Ice Mountains.  It was late in the day when they finally made their way over a western ridge and into a shallow mountain valley that ran off toward the north.  EpiphanOida grew excited, exclaiming, “Soon, now!  The Genesee is born not far from here.  We must not be late or we will miss the pass to Eden’s Gate.”
Another two miles and EpiphanOida called a halt, pointing, “There, can you hear it, the sound of bubbling water?”  Off she ran in the direction of the sound.  On the other side of a patch of low scrub trees the woman, with Javan close behind, came upon a gushing stream of water spewing from the ground in a convulsive torrent.
“That is the ‘Mother Maiden of Waters’, giver of life to mankind.”  She laughed, “My great grandfather, Noah, showed me these waters many long ages ago.  He said that our forefather Adam, himself, stood on the banks of the river that is birthed here the first day of his life and drank from these refreshing waters.  This is where our life began.  Near here is Eden’s Gate, or at least the gate through which Iam, it is said, delivered the man from the hidden caves to breathe life into him.  Right here...  Our Queen Mother told me that Eden has many caves and many concealed entrances, one of which I have witnessed myself.  That is the one I seek before the darkness and dread of night overcomes us.”
Javan stared intently at the foaming pool, wondering aloud, “So this is the mighty Gihon?  If so, then where are the other three if not in the land of Babel and the great river Euphrates?”
EpiphanOida took Javan’s hand, hurrying him along.  “Come!  I will tell you as we follow this watercourse.  Look and see.  The water flows into the Northlands, but it cannot go into the sea that once lapped those distant northern shores.  The Ice Mountains cover that sea and block the waters.  So another sea rises, much higher than in the Workings Before Time.  These waters now course through the western valleys in a mating dance with the Pishon, called now by the name ‘Allegany’ by the wild north men. The Hiddekel and Euphrates journey off to the south and east, ending their journey at the Giant Falls that plunge into the Eastern Sea.”
“But” Javan queried, “the Euphrates is far across…”
“Hush and listen,” EpiphanOida sputtered in kind rebuke.  “Allow an old woman to reveal secrets her way.  You see – and this was spoken to me by the very man who played a part in the deception – Noah convinced the world that Eden was far from here by placing old names on distant lands.  There are many secrets in this land that the Lady revealed to our father that he was to keep.  ‘It is for the day appointed,’ she told him.  So other names have fallen upon most ancient rivers and lands to protect a trust placed upon us by the Lady and her kindred spirits.”
They traveled on toward the north and east, leaving the valley behind, eventually coming to the summit of a low mountain.  There, as the sun was touching the high peaks to the west, Javan, for only the second time in his life, cast his gaze upon the Ice Mountains off in the distance. The sparkle on the snow and ice from the golden setting sun bedazzled Javan’s eyes, the man exclaiming, “More beautiful than a necklace of stones around the throat of an innocent maiden is the sight I behold.  How wondrous!  How wondrous!”
At that instant, howling echoed up from the deepening gloom of the forested valley below.  A shudder ran up EpiphanOida’s spine, her face paling.  “We must hurry!  We have lingered here too long!  The wolves of these mountains fear neither man nor demons.  They hunt in packs of hundreds, even thousands.  It is spring and they will be hungry.  If the gate for which I quest is locked to us then we shall have much to worry about.  Even my witchery is no match for their hungry stomachs!”
Down into the gloom the two raced, EpiphanOida shouting, “We must get through that woods to the clearings beyond before those beasts catch our scent.  Our hope is over the following ridge among its blistered cliffs.”
Dodging low-hanging limbs of weathered oaks and scampering along tortured draws, after what seemed like a frantic eternity, they reached the edge of the forest.  As the two stepped into the darkening clearing, the sound of howling struck upon their ears anew, this time sharp and with intent.
“They have found us!  Hurry, to the rise!”  EpiphanOida tugged on Javan’s arm, the man having slowed to remove his axe.
Hefting the weapon, he shook off EpiphanOida’s grip.  “You go.  I’ll hold them as best I can.  The people need your knowledge and witchcraft.  Go find the treasures to save our people.  I will buy you some time.”
EpiphanOida grabbed hold of Javan’s arm again, almost yanking him off his feet.  “You are just a ‘spit in the wind’ to them!  How does one stop the tempest?  Quickly, to the rise!  The sun still lives up there.  We will survive for the moment in that place.”
No sooner had they made the rise than the first of the wolf pack cleared the edge of the woods.  Soon there were hundreds of hungry eyes studying the lone figures huddled together in the fading sunlight.
EpiphanOida sadly sighed, “It was like this that my sister, OdedsoHeido, came to her finish, also on a quest.”  Her gaze hardened as she continued, “But she left heaps of slain beasts upon the field before being brought down by their sheer numbers.  Let us do the same!  This crest shall run red with the blood of torn beasts before we, too, fall prey to hungry stomachs!”
Javan hefted his axe while EpiphanOida pulled from her belt an iron knife with a hollow handle, forcefully driving the blade, hilt first, onto her walking staff, turning the shaft into a deadly spear.  They then waited, watching the light quickly fade.
As gloom spread across the opened field, the animals became emboldened, slowly creeping from the cover of the woods and advancing cautiously up the grade toward the rise.  Hundreds upon hundreds slipped from the forest, all with the same intent, to be one of the lucky few to fill a hungry stomach after surviving the winter famine.
EpiphanOida and Javan stood nearly back-to-back as the hungry wolves began to circle as they approached.  Crouching in waiting defense, the two stared into hundreds of desperate eyes, all as if waiting for a signal, and then suddenly the animals began to whimper as if in pain, some cowering while clawing at their ears.  They began to howl again, but this time it was out of disquiet and fear.  Then, as quickly as they had appeared, the beasts turned and slunk back off into the forest, all the while calling out the most mournful howling.  Soon the two remained alone on the rise in the gathering darkness.
Perplexed and confused, neither decided to philosophize about or debate what had happened.  Pulling hard on Javan’s hand, EpiphanOida hurried down the rise and into deepening shadows toward the nearby cliffs.
It was near total darkness by the time they reached a narrow cleft in the rocks.  Removing the knife from her staff, EpiphanOida pulled an aged copper torch-head from her leather bag, fitting it where the blade had been.  Then taking her sparking stones, she lit its flaxen, oil-soaked wick.  Soon a brilliant, golden blaze cast away the darkness.
“Follow me closely, and do be careful,” EpiphanOida cautioned.  “The trail has long since been ruined, caused by the many waters when the land was deluged, I imagine.  We must climb some distance and then…and then we might find the passage into one of Eden’s secret rooms.”
The night was fully matured when the couple exited the rocky draw, it having been more eroded and treacherous than EpiphanOida remembered.  The torchlight revealed a jumble of fallen rocks that appeared to have at one time been tall, standing walls and enclosures.  Javan first wondered over what he was seeing, and then commented about the how brightly Dancing Stones’ torch lit up the night.
EpiphanOida first replied concerning the torch, “This is from the house of Lamech, Noah’s father.  It is made of the finest hardened copper leaf, made by the hands of the wizards in that age.  It was gifted to me by my grandfather, Japheth, on my wedding day, saying it was taken by Methuselah from his son’s house after the death of Lamech and loaded upon the ark along with many of the other treasures brought to this world from that distant time.”
She held it up.  “It used to glow with the brightness of the sun but, alas, it has succumbed to the lack of the artisan’s skills along with the loss of the purity of oil used in those days.  Still, with the flaxen wick I designed to cover the porous globe that extrudes the refined and filtered oil I discovered oozing from sinkholes in hidden valleys, I have been able to make due with a very adequate light.”
Lifting the torch high to reveal other secrets of the tiny glade, EpiphanOida explained the history of the rocks.  “This was the latter home of our mother, Eve, her son building it high up in these hills near what was once called the ‘Cherubs’ Tower’.”  She pointed into the darkness, “We will pass by it soon.”
EpiphanOida scanned the surroundings.  “You see, our father, Adam, long harbored a hateful grudge against our mother, it increasing in violence as he grew long in years.  After one particular drunken bout where he beat our mother into unconsciousness, Seth came to his mother’s defense, warning Adam to never touch her again.  Seth took her into hiding, realizing his father would never stop his abuse of his mother until she was dead.
“At length, Seth came to this glade and built a sheltered home for his mother near the Cherubs’ Tower, believing that Adam dared not enter this close to Eden for fear of his life.  Eve remained in this land until after Adam’s death, finally moving into her son’s city just to the west of Eden.”
EpiphanOida took Javan’s arm.  “More I will tell you at another time.  We still have a mile of uncertain ground to cover before reaching our destination.  Long has it been since my feet have walked these places, I being less than thirty summers old when your father and I accompanied my great grandparents along this path.  The Spirits have kept my mind clear, it being as though only yesterday since I was here.  Still, things have changed.  Forest and ravines that were not a hindrance now bar the path.  We must be cautious in this darkness.”
It was easier than EpiphanOida imagined, attaining their objective.  About a furlong past the ruins of the Cherubs’ Tower, they entered a narrow draw that appeared to have been hewn into the surrounding shale, ending in the sheer rock-face of a mountain that rose high above the torchlight.  The woman handed the flame over to Javan, telling him to stay close while she searched the chiseled stone wall.
While her fingers felt for the hidden lock that would allow entry, a night snow swept over them in a swirl, threatening to extinguish their torch.  As giant flakes pelted the two, a more chilling sound rose above the mournful wind.  EpiphanOida’s head sank in despair, cursing, “The wolves have returned.  The gods of the Jahouk have tired of our intrusion.  I must be quick.”
Javan turned, squinting into the darkness beyond the light.  Extending the torch, he lamented, “They have found us.  The eyes of the fanged hounds are gathered at our door.  It’s too late!  Take up your knife and we shall write a song of wonder for future wanderers.”
EpiphanOida spun around, drawing her blade as she prepared to do battle for one last time against an innocent enemy.  She clutched Javan’s arm, declaring, “The draw is narrow and steep.  We shall build a wall of their carcasses before the horde devours ours.  I am sorry I have delivered you up to this great folly. I fear without your banner touching the sky that our fathers’ people shall also come to their end.”
But the wolves did not advance.  The dozens upon dozens of hungry eyes only stared longingly out of the darkness.  Suddenly the scent of elk escaping the storm’s wrath on the valley plain filled the nostrils of the hungry beasts.  Again the night was rendered up to the howl of hundreds of starving animals as they charged the scent.  In only moments the creatures were gone down the valley, their cries for the chase fading into the stormy darkness.  Still, EpiphanOida and Javan found they were not alone.
A shadowy figure stood at the edge of the torchlight, tall, majestic, and fearsome.  Stepping forward, the fire revealed a sight to behold, a woman with silver-white hair dressed in the gray pelts of the mountain wolves with knee-high leggings and a wide leather girdle upon which hung a long, broad, double-bladed, scabbarded sword.  In her left hand she held a staff of blackened oak with a cut gemstone mounted on its top that emitted pulsing rays of blue, green, and red.
Javan gasped, dropping his axe.  “The gods!” he cried, seeing the woman’s face, her beauty so great that his heart jumped with pangs of death.  Then he noticed her eyes, two orbs burning yellow like the morning sun.  The man was struck speechless with awe.
EpiphanOida grabbed Javan’s arm, shaking him, “Bow down!  Do it now!  It is the Lady!  Honor her and we may live!”
The woman raised her right hand, commanding them otherwise.  “Do not do such a thing!  I am come as your sister in this hour of distress.  Short is the moment and time is not a friend.  Honor and glory give to the Maker of Earth. I am but a servant of that Great Lord.”
With that, the woman quickly strode forward, gently moving EpiphanOida aside.  In seconds, the ancient lock released its hold on the hidden door, opening with a ‘crack!’ As the door fell away on silent hinges, a warm glow from an inner sanctum reached out invitingly to its guests.
The woman smiled, “You have been expected.  I am sorry about the wolves.  I was delayed in my mission, but have arrived in time to save you from an unwelcomed fate.  War is upon us all and time has betrayed us to many dangers.”
She turned back and took Javan’s arm, smiling.  As she stared into his eyes, the golden fire slowly died away revealing two smoky-gray orbs.  “Come, my brother, for you are a very desirable man.  Do not fear your sister anymore.  Let me, please, take you into the world beyond dreams so that you, too, will see what was, is and what shall become.”  The woman bent down and picked up Javan’s axe, handing it to him.  “Put this in your belt for your need of it has not yet begun.  Slaughter and death awaits us both on our separate roads but, for this night, we shall walk together in peace before the gathering storm.”
Not waiting for reply, the woman ushered the two through the entrance and along a passageway into a brilliantly lit chamber.  Javan could little contain himself.  Having barely recovered from his seeing the Lady, he was in awe of wonders he beheld.  The man, still holding the torch high, dumbly stared into the magical fires blazing from hidden openings in the ceiling.
EpiphanOida moved across the chamber, lost in the kaleidoscopic flashing of countless beacons upon distant walls and panels.  The Lady’s warning, “Stop!  Do not…” came too late.  With a painful thud, EpiphanOida crashed into a crystal wall with such force that she was thrown backward, the woman catching her before EpiphanOida fell to the floor.
“Ohhh…” EpiphanOida swooned, her head throbbing as blood began to trickle from a bruised cut in her forehead.
“Child,” the Lady softly cautioned her, “stay close, please, to your sister, for even in this place there exists many dangers for those who have not witnessed the World Before Time.”  Then pulling the gemstone from her staff, she proceeded to wave it back and forth over EpiphanOida’s injury.  In seconds, EpiphanOida had revived, the pain subsiding and the wound almost healed.
When she was satisfied with EpiphanOida’s recovery, the Lady took the torch from Javan’s hand, extinguishing it and setting it in a corner of the chamber then commanded, “The world of the gods lies beyond that crystal door.  Only our flesh may pass into it.  We must leave behind anything elemental or disaster may strike us all.”
At that, the Lady pulled off her fur boots and then the remainder of her garb, encouraging the two to do so, and quickly.  Javan hurried the best he could, but the unbelievable beauty of this woman was driving him to distraction, the man recoiling from his evident, unruly ardor.
The Lady laughed, commenting, “You act embarrassed over the expression of your passionate heart.  In my world, it is so complimentary for a man to display such arousal over a beautiful woman.”
Javan, finding no delight in the situation, and nursing a growing ache in his groin, answered honestly, “My Lady, death to me for my thoughts at this moment, for my passion for you is nearly beyond my control.”
Laughing again, the Lady reached out and, touching Javan ever so tenderly in a most sensual way, sent the man into a heated, orgasmic rush, making him cry out as one climactic wave after another surged through his body.  Finally, standing on wobbly legs, his energy exhausted, he looked into the woman’s mischievous eyes, puzzling over the moment.  She grinned, lifting her hand and examining the man’s elixir of life in her palm.  Then, rubbing it between thumb and finger, she held it close to her nose and sniffing its fragrance, commented, “There is still much life left within your upper thigh, but we shall set it afire with even more power and soon.”
Totally dumbfounded, Javan muttered his complete lack of understanding.
At hearing this, the Lady turned to EpiphanOida, who had been quietly standing nearby observing and asked, “You did not tell him about this?  So he has been caught completely unaware?”
EpiphanOida apologized, “I did not hide a thing from my king intentionally, my Lady.  I did not comprehend the visions beheld in my night dreams, being confused as to their meaning, so I spoke nothing of this to the man.”
The Lady looked back at her raised hand, and then at Javan.  “So, the man knows nothing of this coming night.  Then we shall wait to discuss this matter further.  Let it be sufficient to say that I have cured your ache for the moment.  Enjoy what you see - my flesh and that of my sisters beyond the door.  Do not feel shame should your ardor get the best of you.  The women of my world delight in such manly displays.”
Lifting a hand to her mouth, she took a taste, her eyes sparkling.  “Sweet as the honey from the bee with the hint of the salty sea, it is.  Your scent is strong like the musk ox, and your flavor to be savored like fine wine.  Only the men of this world have such power to so delight the palate.  It is the power of life that resides within it, something only your kind possess.  Long has it been since I have experienced its intoxicating fragrance here in these very rooms, before your forefather awoke in the fields beyond the sealed outer door.”  After satisfying her spirit, the Lady directed the two through the now opened door into a large room beyond.
Spellbound by the multicolored lights and the whirring sounds emanating from slotted holes in the floor and wall, EpiphanOida and Javan needed the Lady’s guidance just to manage their short journey across the second chamber, through another crystal doorway and into another long hall.  Here the arched stone ceiling revealed naked light shining from deep recesses.  Bright they were as sunlit fires but cool like shaded stone.  And the floor and walls were as hard as flint but carved to appear as though a finely paneled house of wood.
About half way down the passage, EpiphanOida stopped, staring at the Lady, eyes filled with questioning wonder.  As if she had already asked, the woman answered, “I am Sodasonie Kue Shandii, High Daughter Dragon and Lord over the Mortal Elements.”  The Lady asked as she looked at Javan, “Your mother, Aphrodite, has spoken of me?” 
Javan puzzled at first over Sodasonie’s question.  Nervously nodding, he replied that she had long ago, when he was a very young man.
The woman then turned her attention to EpiphanOida.  “You, I know...”
EpiphanOida bowed her head.  “Yes, my Lord, when I was a young woman and full of life.  You showed me the world from high atop these mountains when my husband and I delivered the secrets from long ago into these very rooms.”  She looked around, puzzling.
The Lady reached out and gently brushed the side of EpiphanOida’s face, smiling sadly, “You look so much like my little sister, Ishtar.  She is no more, murdered by that worthless piece of filth that hunts us at this very moment!” She slowly withdrew her hand and glanced about the room while relating, “Please, do not call me ‘Lord’ again.  It is not a good name.  Call me ‘Sodasonie, the Medicine Woman’ for I will give to you the medicine that will save your people.”  She then looked in EpiphanOida’s eyes.  “Please, ‘Sodasonie’ is a wonderful name.  It makes my heart forget for but a moment the evil of our worlds.  Call me that, please.”
Sodasonie then turned to Javan, taking his hand in hers.  “Many are the secrets I must share with you before our parting hour.  Use the tools I give to you to preserve your people alive, but only to the extent necessary to gain victory over our enemy.  The rest of the knowledge I will share must go to your resting place to be awakened on a future day.”
Javan replied nervously, “Y… yes, my Lady, I mean my Sodasonie…uh, Sodasonie.”
Reaching out to also take EpiphanOida’s hand, the three began walking further down the passage.  Sodasonie explained, “My dearest daughter, these are truly the haunts where you and the others hid the many treasures your father Noah delivered here from the World Before Time, but the mountain rested and was dark and quiet, its energy sleeping until we wakened it.  Soon the energy will return to its sleep, not to awake again until many prophecies have been fulfilled.  And then?  Well, we will have to wait and see the ‘and then’.”
At the end of the hallway, the three came to another door, copper in appearance and sealed tight.  Sodasonie waved her hand across some strange, glowing object on the wall.  Soon a quiet, humming noise could be heard deep beneath their feet, rapidly growing louder until it sounded just on the other side of the sealed door.  As suddenly as it began, it stopped.  Then they heard a barely audible ‘click’ and ‘whirr’ just before the copper door silently slid aside, revealing a small, lighted room.
Motioning the others to follow, Sodasonie entered the little space, EpiphanOida and Javan hesitantly doing the same.  No sooner were they inside than the door silently slid closed again.  An instant later, the humming began anew followed by the tiniest of shudders being felt coming up from the floor through their feet.
Sodasonie said nothing, only smiling while leaning against a wall of the room.  Javan wanted to know why they were all in here, but thought better of it.  After all, this was a wizard’s lair.  Maybe some sort of magic was being practiced on them, some silent incantation.  He took a moment to look at their surroundings, about six short cubits square, the same kind of strange lights in the ceiling as in the passageway, a floor tiled in mosaics of red, green, and black with a wide, metallic side rail on each wall.
Javan puzzled, concluding that this must be some kind of waiting room of sorts.  Why else would there be a rail to lean upon other than to relax while waiting for something or someone?  But why no seating?  Well, Sodasonie seemed relaxed and unconcerned.  She had been a trustworthy guide up to this point.  So why wor…
The humming suddenly stopped.  Once again, they felt a tiny shudder race up through their feet then the ‘click’ and ‘whir’.  Again the door opened.  Javan and EpiphanOida both gasped at what they beheld.  Gone was the passageway of hewn and polished stone to be replaced with a fathomless chamber filled with wondrous machines of all kinds as well as countless lights, panels, tables, and dozens of little crystal rooms of every size and shape.
Sodasonie stepped in front of the doorway facing the two, standing further back in the room.  She waved a hand toward the opening, offering a toothy grin.  “Welcome to Eden...”
Javan stepped back, his hands hiding his face, as he cried, “No, this is not possible!  Not possible!”
EpiphanOida rested her hand on his shoulder, asking, “Why, my Prince, do you speak this way?”
Leaning back against the room’s wall, Javan, still covering his face, shook his head.  “I don’t know.  I don’t know.  Should a mortal stand in the house of the gods and not die?  This is so much to take in and believe.  A ship of wood our father journeyed in to come into this world.  I know, for I traveled there in my youth to witness its marvels.  Hewn of planks from the cedar it was, and rough in form.  But this!  It is not the work of a man’s hand I see, but the Immortals who possess the Heavens.  We will surely die!”
Sodasonie stepped up to Javan, softly stroking his arm.  “Child, man of few years, true, you are mortal, but so am I.  I bleed when cut.  My flesh needs food and covering to protect and nourish it.  An arrow can steal my life from me as quickly as it can take it from you.  We are sister and brother, your days of life but fewer than mine.  This place… it is a special place, and not built by the hands of my kind.  Still, it is a friendly place, safe and filled with knowledge, some of which can save your people.  Do you wish to save your brothers?”
At length, Javan became convinced that the world he was entered into was not that of magic or witchery but only one made with vaster knowledge and understanding.  He was beginning to realize that magic and miracles were only higher forms of practiced knowledge.  As his mind pondered these things, he looked at Sodasonie, asking, “So there is no magic, only knowledge we’ve not yet gained?”
Nodding, Sodasonie answered, “There is no magic, at least in the ways you have come to understand it.  Many are the things not understood, even by my kind.  I do not fully understand how Eden works.  Its name comes down to us from the Ones Who Came Before.  Whether they are real or not is even debated among the ‘gods’, as your people call my kind.  ‘Edonashawenia’ – ‘The High Mountain Peak’ – or in our common tongue, ‘The First Knowledge of Life and Breath’, that is what Eden means to my kind, the place for the beginning of life of all living things, both here and in the worlds beyond.”
“So you...”
Sodasonie tipped her head back, laughing, interrupting Javan, “Yes!  Yes, my brother.  Many are the tools I use and I cannot yet perceive how they work, but work they do.  I trust to their makers and hope that one day they will give me wisdom and knowledge of how they are made.  This place is full of tools.  There are those I have understanding of as to how they work.  Indeed, there are some that I designed.  But many are the ones where I have not been able to discover how they operate at all, having only the ability to use them.”
Javan began to question her statement.  She asked in reply, “Do you know how your beautiful body works?  I doubt it.  Still, you have used it as your tool to satisfy your many desires and needs, is that not so?  Then why do you find it hard to believe that a high wizard like me has limited knowledge when the great Iam continues to search for the same even down to this day?”
To say Javan was shocked would be to say too little.  He had never contemplated that the Maker of the Universe did not possess all knowledge.
Seeing that reflected in his eyes, Sodasonie added, “Knowledge is ever fleeting and growing.  Think about it.  Once the mind sees the point anew, questions arise from the previous wisdom gained.  We…you and I are made in the very likeness of Iam.  We think and act in accordance with the very nature of that person.  So should it be such a difficult thing to understand that, as you and I continue to work toward knowledge, our great Iam does the same?  It, in fact, is one of the reasons Iam labored to bring all of us into existence.  But that is a tale for another day.
“Come now!”  Sodasonie took Javan’s and EpiphanOida’s hands.  “There are many things for you to witness and so little time.  I am a busy person and have many duties to attend to before we shall sup this next eve.  I must leave you in the hands of one of our trusted assistants.  By that person will many of your questions be answered.”
They passed out into the strange and wonderful world of Eden, Sodasonie hurrying them by countless crystal rooms, some empty, others hiding their contents in darkness, and yet more were filled with queer-looking furry creatures, snakes, lizards, and birds.  And then there were all the other machines, lighted panels, benches, tables, and on and on.
Sodasonie politely ignored the many questions Javan and EpiphanOida were asking.  “No time to dawdle now.  We have a mission.  Come quickly!”
Eventually they came to a building, or at least it had a wall like a building, but it was such a long wall, beyond Javan’s measure.  Sodasonie waved her hand across another lighted globe and the wall parted, allowing them to enter beyond.  As soon as they were inside the building, the wall closed behind them, leaving them bathed in the golden glow of shadowless light.  This building, too, was filled with all sorts of strange and wonderful things.
Some distance away, a person covered from head to toe in silver garments worked over a table surrounded by lighted panels.  The person was so absorbed in the work being done that even Sodasonie’s cheerful call did not elicit a response.  Finally, drawing close to only a few feet away, Sodasonie called out again, “Sister, I have delivered to you the ones you requested.”
The woman stopped what she was doing, putting down some instruments in her hands and slowly turned, smiling a welcome.
EpiphanOida and Javan, their eyes unbelieving, both cried out at the same instant,   “Aphrodite!”

*    *    *

Aphrodite, EpiphanOida and Javan had a glorious time together that day, or whatever it might have been.  Was it more or less?  In the laboratories of Eden, there was no day or night.  Time went ever on.  And no one tired here, or at least these three did not.  Sodasonie paid an occasional social call and then hurried on about other business.  And, yes, they did happen to make the acquaintance of a few others of those they had viewed as gods, quickly regarding them in more casual ways.
After affectionate hugs and salutations, questions began to fly.  “How long have you been here?  How did you get here?  Where are we?  What are you wearing?”  asked Aphrodite’s two very curious and excited companions.
Aphrodite threw up her hands, laughing, “Be patient!  Be patient!  I, too, am a stranger to Eden, at least to most of it.  Be silent and I will tell you all I know.”
“Can we ask a question, if need be?”  Javan wondered.
“Only if I give you permission…”  Aphrodite lifted a hand, pointing a finger and shaking it.  “Signal me first like this and then wait until I acknowledge you.  I have many things going through my head and may forget a very important point if interrupted, so let me go on.”
Leaning back against the table, Aphrodite began,  “I was delivered here by sky ship some ten days ago, or at least I believe it to be ten, for in this place there exists no time other than what you can see written upon the wall, like there.”  She pointed toward a round dial.  “It says that we are just past the midnight hour, at least that is the time in your land at the moment, but there are many times and many hours happening all at once.”
Sweeping her hand to her right, she drew their attention to other dials.  “There are many, many hours of the day and night upon our planet at any given time.  As you should know, when it is nighttime here, it is daytime somewhere else in our world.”
Javan nodded as if with understanding, but as though it was a new thought, he never having considered it before.
“And up there…” Aphrodite pointed toward a giant, dialed globe hanging high above them. “That tells us the hour in Palace City, Iam’s city.  It is just past the fourth hour of the morning there at this moment.  Iam may well be resting after a hard day’s labor.”
Javan blurted out, he not waiting to receive permission to ask, “Have you seen the great Iam?”
Smiling, Aphrodite cast her eyes toward the floor, remembering.  “I have touched the skirt of Iam and seen Iam in most mystical ways and even that pained my heart for many days.  Iam is most beautiful, so much so, I doubt any man could live should he witness the grace and form of the Maker of Worlds unless it was to be in this magical house of Eden.  I did see and speak to that wonderful person, right here, in this very Eden but four summers ago, on the eve of the anniversary of our deliverance from the wicked world from which I and my family escaped.”
Javan was so excited to think that Aphrodite had seen God, he nearly danced there, on the spot.
Aphrodite calmed him down.  “My son, my son, a wonderful gift it is to see God, but not too wonderful.  Remember, it has been told to us that we can all speak to the great Iam.  And when we lie down in our sweet lovemaking, when we treat our companion with care and consideration, have you not been told that Iam watches and finds pleasure in our loving each other?  So, yes, to see and be near Iam is wonderful, but we can all be near, in a way.”
Aphrodite changed the subject.  “We have many things to discuss before these whimsical hours shall pass and we will find ourselves upon the roads to our separate destinies.  Let’s see, where are we?  Hmmm…  We are in Eden, somewhere far below the Earth.  It is the place that the priests of Hermes call ‘the Fiery Abyss’, or the ‘Nether Region’, or whatever nonsense they now say it to be.  It is a world unto itself, neither chained to our world or to Heaven, but with access to both.  Truth is, the priests of Hormax are ever in search for one of the gates to the ‘Fiery Abyss’, as they call it, to scare the common folk, I suppose.  They want to find the lost passage to Eden in hopes of receiving tribute and glory from their masters.”
EpiphanOida and Javan were bursting with more questions.  Aphrodite raised her hand.  “None of that for now.  I must go on.”  She took a parchment and began to draw.  “You see, we live on a big, round ball.  Hard it is on the outside, with mountains, seas, rivers, and all sorts of other wonderful things.  That is our world.  Far, far beneath our world, the planet turns hot...very, very hot.  It is so hot that everything melts...that is, everything except Eden… and other places like Eden, if there are any.
“Eden was made by people long ago, before the Lady was born.  At least that is what I have heard.  It is made of strange and wonderful stuff that cares not for heat or cold.  The Snake searches for a passage back into Eden, for that is the only way he can come into this place.  He wishes to make this his fortress and begin, anew, to create the abominations he delivered upon us in the World Before Time.  He also believes he will find a way to gain immortality here.”
“Wait,” Javan countered, “you said you came here in a sky ship.  If you can travel to this place, and The Lady, too, why can he not do the same?”
“True, I came here in a sky ship with the Lady just ten days ago.  It was what the Lady calls a ‘trade ship’, a personal possession of Iam.  It was told me by a strange fellow I met on the trade ship that the word ‘trade’ is common speech for the phrase ‘GoshuLagandow’ meaning ‘To reach out and exchange hidden knowledge’.  So, as I understand it, Iam’s trade ships serve the purpose of delivering knowledge to wherever Iam wants it, or for taking people to wherever the knowledge is, like Eden.  I have heard the Lady talk about a dimensional door to Eden...whatever that may be.  To enter into Eden through that door, one must have a key to unlock it if they are not on a trade ship.  And few are those having the key, the Evil Worm not one of them.
“The flaming Guardians no longer watch over the passages into Eden the way they did before the great waters came.  I remember seeing them from afar, burning like beacons of warning as they lit up the sky with their power.  I suppose they still watch from secret hiding places, but I feel there are few passageways remaining where one could enter without a key.
“So,” Aphrodite nodded in thought, “my husband, Noah, began a campaign of deceit after stepping out into this new world, wanting to conceal the true location of the garden of Adam’s beginning.  He went about naming all sorts of places after what existed before the Deluge.  When he located the remaining rivers that flowed out through that garden, he gave them different names than they originally had.”
She shrugged, “I think it matters little now anyway.  The world has changed so rapidly.  Eden shall soon be put to sleep until the ending hour, when a new lord will arise and bring it into his charge.  At least that is what the Lady has informed me of.  Little more than a way station – a haven from the storm, so to speak - will it be for the children of Iam, and a repository for some very important treasures.  Indeed, that is the reason for the Lady’s visit.  She is directing the shutting down of this, the most wonderful of all temple machines.”  Aphrodite jumped up, grinning, “Would you like to see some of those treasures?”
EpiphanOida and Javan did not need to be coaxed into agreeing.  Taking them by the arms, Aphrodite hurried them away, soon delivering them to another set of doors which entered into a large, brightly lit chamber.
“Here,” Aphrodite opened a cupboard door, pulling out two sets of garments similar to what she was wearing, “put these on.”  Though curious, they both quietly obeyed.  When finished, each was given a bulbous crystal helmet connected to a small boxlike apparatus to be belted upon the waist.
Handing the helmet to Javan, Aphrodite explained, “We have many tiny creatures that live on and within us, so small you cannot see them without the help of special machines.  Trust me, they are there.  Now we are going into rooms that are kept so clean, we cannot allow even one of those tiny creatures be chanced to escape us and contaminate the room.  Put this on over your head.  You will find it quite comfortable, and we can still talk with one another.”
Javan, looking at the object he was holding in his hands, asked, “Was this how your world was in those early days?  Were these the wonders of your people?”
Taking the helmet from Javan, Aphrodite assisted him and then EpiphanOida in ‘suiting up’ as she called it, all the while answering Javan’s questions. “Many are the wonders here that we did not know about in that other world.  Still, our world was much different from yours.  You see, those of influence and/or wealth had afforded to them many treasures not availed to the common folk.  Sky ships, magic lighting and heating, being able to speak to and see others in faraway places were the possessions of those select few.
“I was born of common stock, my family of ordinary means.  We slaved to provide what little treasures we acquired.  Oh, a few items of luxury came to us.  A machine that played music was one of the treasures I remember well.  But our home was made of mud and thatch, we had to fetch our water from a community well, and we labored with homemade tools of flint and stone in our tiny fields.  Life was very hard for most people at that time.
“Noah’s family, on the other hand, was wealthy and well-respected, Noah being a chieftain and counselor who sat in the gate of his city.  Iam continued to watch over his family with many beautiful gifts.  The Snake’s henchmen left alone the men of that family, fearing the wrath of Iam should they attempt a coup on them.  So the city of Seth became a shelter for good and righteous men, that is until the lies of the Snake took hold in the hearts of the younger men in the land.  Even Noah’s sons and daughters fell away to false reasoning.  Although never abandoning themselves to the rulers of that world, they forgot Iam, seeking only the pleasures of life for themselves.
“When I came into Noah’s house, I was overwhelmed by the magic that abounded in the city.  I soon adjusted to living like a rich woman, Noah treating me almost like a goddess to the point of shamefulness.  But I was a good girl and did not allow myself to become like the foolish people around me.  I did not forget Iam.”
Locking EpiphanOida’s helmet in place, Aphrodite stepped up to a panel on the wall and pushed some buttons.  She called out to the two through a device in the helmet, “Energy like that of the sun will pass over us to kill any little creatures that might be hiding in the room.  When the light fades away, we will be able to see the hidden treasures beyond this other door.”
As they waited for the cleansing light to pass, Aphrodite went on to answer another question earlier asked.  “When my husband told me that he was to build a boat of wood to save ourselves and the animals in, I laughed out loud, asking, ‘Has Iam forgotten your wealth and the many machines we have here?  Surely you must be mistaken.  You have the wealth and skills to build a much better boat out of the elements.’
“My husband frowned, saying that it was Iam’s command that it should be of wood, and built exactly to Iam’s specifications.  Well, he was so serious that I no longer questioned him and along with our sons and eventually their wives, helped with the building work.  It was for a good reason it was built just so.  For a long time, people merely believed we were constructing a giant barn, Noah having many cattle, so they gave little consideration to it.  Later, when it grew so large in size and we told people what it was for, they thought we had a sickness on our brains and left us alone to our work.
“Soon the people forgot about us, at least for the most part.  Noah’s father and grandfather assisted us.  Sometimes we might hire a day-laborer or two and even some of Noah’s relatives, including his other sons, would occasionally lend a hand.  Many felt they were only helping a kindly dotard who had done so much for the community over the years.  I must tell you true, there were even times when I doubted my husband’s sanity.”  She laughed, “He could get pretty excitable at times, going on rants for hours about how bad things were getting.
 “Then the day finally arrived to begin filling the big building.  We sold many possessions to acquire the necessary items wanted for the journey.  Noah built an exhaustive library of books and manuscripts to take, spending a considerable part of our wealth on them and other such treasures.”
She shook her head sadly.  “So much of what we saved from that world and could not bring here to hide away we had to destroy.  It could not be helped.  This world was becoming so polluted with the teachings of Hormax, their corrupting every good thing and making it into a weapon to use against Iam.  Even now they take the songs of love we used to sing at our festivals to Iam and play them while prostituting the young men and women before idols invented by the demons.  Our once alluring dances have become erotic rituals for their obscene fornications against all flesh.”
Turning to walk toward the far door, Aphrodite mournfully added, “And the inventions and machines that gave us rich joy are now converted into tools of death.  ‘War!  War!’  That is trumpeted in all the cities and lands this day.  The priests of Horus beat the drums for war, to bring to destruction all the sons of Noah who refuse to bend a knee to their gods and heroes.”
A sudden buzz directed their attention to a bright red light just above the door.  A second or two later, the sun-like energy waves faded away and the red light turned to green.  Just after touching another glowing button beside the door, Aphrodite looked over her shoulder, offering hope.  “May the hand of Javan, son of Dodanim, slow the wicked onslaught so that the Lady does not need to bring all flesh to a finish.”  The door opened and Aphrodite exited, speaking no more of the matter.
They made their way along many wide corridors, each filled with doors leading off into chambers great and small.  Some of those rooms they explored.  Javan was taken the most by so many peculiarly strange animals and creatures in various stages of development he observed in the crystal boxes in those rooms.  Aphrodite explained that at the time of Adam’s rebellion there was still much experimentation going on in Eden.  “That all ended when he acted ruinously.  The Lady closed down the laboratories, leaving things pretty much in the state they were in on that day.”
Most intriguing were the chambers with the runes that, when translated, read ‘Lowenhoonna’ written above the passageway.  Aphrodite raised her hand, pointing, “I am told those runes mean ‘Hall of Man’.  This is a most wondrous place.  I saved it for last.  Tell me, please, when we are finished, if you also believe the same.”
As they walked through the passage, the lighting in the area gradually increased just like a sun rising on a misty morning.  EpiphanOida and Javan were instantly taken aback by what they witnessed here.  Before their eyes were countless crystal boxes and sarcophagi filled with parts of human bodies and organs in various states of completion.
Aphrodite stepped in front of them, turning and waving her hand.  “Do not think wrong of this place.  We only see such things in our world in time of violence.  What you see here are the very designs of our bodies before our parents, Adam and Eve, came into existence.  This is the great ‘chamber of life’ where each and every part of what would become our wonderful bodies was built and tested, much the same as we saw in other chambers with various animals.”
She pointed toward glowing knobs located on the crystal boxes.  “The Lady, Sodasonie, has reactivated these machines for our benefit so that we may see just how our hidden body parts work within us.”
Motioning them over to a small crystal box, Aphrodite pointed to its contents.  There were several sections of what looked to be a human heart.  Then, in the middle of the box, as if suspended upon nothing, was a complete heart that appeared to have been made of what Javan called ‘soft, multi-colored, clear crystal’.  It was complete, with all the arterial connections.
Aphrodite touched a glowing knob on the box.  Suddenly, the ‘soft crystal’ heart began to move, expanding and contracting.  Within seconds, there was a red liquid being pumped through the different chambers of the heart and out to another artery.
The woman smiled, leaning close while taking a better look.  “I was told that this is exactly how our own hearts work.”  She turned, circling a finger while describing what they were observing.  “The heart is really a small, very powerful pump that pushes our blood around and through our bodies.  This heart in the box is made to exactly mimic ours.  The sections you see in there are constructed of the same material of which our hearts are made.  They keep it all in the sealed box to preserve the parts.”
While the heart continued to cycle the red liquid through the arterial system, Aphrodite looked around the room, waving her hand and pointing, “Many of these boxes have knobs on them that you can touch.  You can see and learn how we are woven together in a wonderful way.  In the next room beyond this you will be able to see how we come into existence, from the mating process to conception, all the way through our birth.  Push the glowing knobs to watch how it all works.  There are so many displays, like this heart, but also many moving visions on the walls to watch, to help us learn how we are made.”
Grinning, she waved them off.  “Now go have some fun and explore this world of Man.”

Many happy hours were spent wandering these wonderful rooms of delightful mystery.  Javan and EpiphanOida were like two children lost in a world of magical intrigues.  From time to time, Aphrodite would leave off her own playing and join them to see what adventures they were having.  All too soon, it came time to depart.
“We must go, for the dinner hour is hurrying to catch us, and I have something yet to show you that is so important to see.”  Aphrodite ushered Javan and EpiphanOida quickly from those chambers and down a long corridor.
At length, they came to an antechamber that, through its double doors, led into a huge, domed chamber filled with crystal sarcophagi.  Aphrodite grinned like a child bursting with a secret.  “You must see this, for should I tell you the truth, you would not believe me!”  She then placed her hand to her face, raising a finger in front of her crystal helmet.  “And you must tell no one, for they would not understand at all.”
Passing the doors, the three quietly made their way along several machines that were silent, their lights cold, dark orbs, and the connecting sarcophagi, empty.  Rounding a corner, they came upon one such machine that was merrily humming away with it lights gaily flashing out their silent, dancing melodies.  Aphrodite became excited, pulling on their arms.  “There!  There!” she cried.  “Come see!  Come see!  Look through the crystal and tell me what you see.”
Standing in front of the sarcophagus, the three peered down upon a bearded man, eyes closed as if sleeping.  The body appeared to be that of a youth, but with the mature characteristics of a man of about thirty summers.  Very handsome he was, with a strong, determined-looking face, and tall, too, a hand or more he was than Javan.
Aphrodite looked into the faces of her two guests while placing a gloved hand on the crystal cover of the sarcophagus.  She smiled, “This… this man is my husband’s great-grandfather, Enoch.”
“No!”  Both Javan and EpiphanOida exclaimed at once.
Aphrodite nodded to the contrary.  “Yes, it is...”
When the two stopped their excited jabbering, Aphrodite explained, looking at EpiphanOida, “You well remember the tale told you by Noah about how bold a man his great-grandfather was.  Well I remember Lamech’s account also as he told it to me.  He was there.
“It was near the harvest of the lumnie berries.  They were a wheat-like crop that we would gather in early summer, growing through the winter months and maturing when the sun reached for its longest day.  They were a staple and, as such, were very important for our survival.  There had been some bad years previously because of pests Lamech believed to have been created by the Snake’s henchmen, and because of thievery from some marauding bands of ruthless men.  This year the harvest was appearing to be an exceptionally good one, one providing us with food and trade goods.
“But the younger men of the city feared that a calamity might befall the crop if they did not appeal to the mother god for a good harvest.  Some even wanted to pollute the land by sacrificing a young woman-child up on the altar just to make sure of their success with the harvest.  Well, the family of Jared, with Enoch and his sons in the lead, confronted those men and, by sheer numbers, drove those men away and tore apart the altar, and cast the servants of the Snake out of the city.  It was on that day that Enoch began to speak as a prophet, and did so until he departed the land.
“Yes, I did say ‘departed’.  The Lady, herself, came in the night while Enoch slept and the good-for-nothing men plotted evil against him, whisking him away to this place so that he sleeps here down to this very day.  Never shall this man’s flesh see corruption.  It is the gift given him by the Lady and his God, Iam.
“And it, too, shall be your gift for all the many things you have done and the great love you have shown to all living things.”  The three spun around to see Sodasonie approaching, the woman also dressed in an enclosed silver suit.  She first spoke her hellos, pointed at Aphrodite and then another sarcophagus.  “There, my lovely one, dearest to my heart, there is the bed you shall rest upon until the day I will come to deliver you to a proper reward.  Never shall Iam allow your body to see corruption, but forever will you remain fresh as a child born new.”
Aphrodite began to reply when suddenly her eyes closed as if in pain and she leaned forward, her hand going to her crystal helmet.  Quickly the spasm passed.  She stood upright, staring into Sodasonie’s eyes, declaring, “Nor shall you ever see the pit, but a land of flowers and gentle waters will become your resting place until the one promised comes and gives living power back to you.”  A surprised wonder grew on her face, puzzling over what she had just said and what it meant.
Taken aback, Sodasonie studied Aphrodite’s face, slowly nodding, saying nothing further about the matter.  Changing the subject, she extended her hands.  “Come, it is nearing the dinner hour, and I have wanted so much to share this time with you.  We will soon be leaving on our separate missions.  It will be good to break bread before we part.”

Dinner was delightful and unforgettable.  Not only was the food beyond anything Javan or EpiphanOida could have imagined, the entire atmosphere was nearly so.  Mesmerizing melodies played upon the ears, at once everywhere and hauntingly nowhere all at the same moment.  One would be listening to countless musical instruments filling the senses with a directionless symphony of harmonic delights when suddenly, in the right or possibly left ear, or maybe directly in front of or behind the person, there would sound a trumpeting horn or beating drum.  And yet from where the music came remained a mystery.
Sodasonie had regaled the company with the best of evening attire, wanting to make the point that her kind also delighted in the finer things, that strutting about in the naked flesh was acceptable but not to the dismissing of dressing up for special occasions.
Garb selected by the Lady that evening was made of what she called the ‘most dainty of spider silk’, layers upon layers of it.  Frills and ruffles accented all the floor-length, creamy-white garments that were splashed with flowery dabs of brilliant colors.  Of course, the clothing did little to hide the beauty of the flesh - never did with the children of Iam, instead more or less highlighting it.
Javan found his arousal growing for all the women surrounding him, including the comely attendants presenting the feast.  But it was especially Sodasonie that he found his heart’s passion reaching out for.  And when she would chance him a glance, he believed it was not accidental.
They were nearly finished with a sweet, chilled desert when a harried messenger rushed into the room.  Raising a hand, he called out in a tongue strange to Javan and EpiphanOida words that carried tones of distress.  Sodasonie acknowledged by replying in that same, strange language.  She stood to leave, requesting the others accompany her.  They all departed the room, following Sodasonie closely.
Little of what they heard could Javan and EpiphanOida understand during the following hours, but they could feel the intensity and peril of what they beheld.  Aphrodite, though, understood much of the language...at least the gist of what was said, later explaining to them the conversations, filling them in on what transpired.

The group hurried along many twisting corridors, passing through sealed doors, descending countless stairways, eventually making their way onto a very large, hardened floor that was painted with several different sets of lines and assorted colors.  There were dozens of cylindrical-shaped structures scattered about the floor.  Javan could not fathom for the life of him what all this was about.  He was preparing to ask when one of those little rooms suddenly came whizzing through a distant opening, straight toward them.
In seconds, the little room Javan estimated to be some sixteen short cubits long and eight both wide and high braked to a stop beside the waiting group.  A man in bloodied armor, a sword at his side, exited a door in the room, Javan now understanding it to be a machine of sorts.  The man waved to others inside and then quickly strode up to Sodasonie.
Taking Sodasonie by the hands, his face distraught, his tone grave, he reported,   “My Lord, it has not been a good day.  Many of our brothers and sisters have fallen to the wiles of the enemy.  The city of GasTafaHuu was overrun and its inhabitants slaughtered.  We came here with our wounded, fearing the worst if we could not find quick medical treatment for them.  Scarce are the places where healing machines are to be found in these lands, this being one of those few accessible for our needs.  I pray you are not offended by my boldness for not asking your permission first, but…”
Sodasonie squeezed the man’s hand, taking her other and placing it on his shoulder, interrupting, “PalaHar, my dearest companion, you have no need to ask your sister for a thing.  Your wisdom may well have saved many of our kindred.”
Medical teams were hurrying by with litters filled with wounded soldiers, some with ghastly injuries.  Suddenly Sodasonie called out a halt to two stretcher-bearers, stepping up to the litter.  On it laid a woman, badly wounded, her black, silky hair matted with blood, her cheek cleaved open to the lower jaw.  There was a gash across her belly exposing her innards, the chain mail torn asunder from an axe blow. What remained of her armor was twisted and broken. A metallic arrow shaft crowned in tattered, black tail feathers protruded from her left breast, along with other wounds too numerous to count.
The woman moaned, moving her hand as she did.  Javan looked down to see that it was crushed almost beyond recognition, several of its fingers having been torn away.  With her injuries so severe, he could hardly believe she was still alive.
Two men dressed in similar battle gear soon arrived with a wheeled medical cart.  By this time Sodasonie was frantically working to remove the woman’s armor and clothing, all the while softly calling out to her, “Rachel.  My little sister, Rachel, do not depart this land.  Stay with me.  Hear my song, little one.  Let it play upon your heart.  Do not leave me here alone.  Stay, please stay.”
“My Lord, a moment please...” one of the men spoke to Sodasonie.  The two men, with Sodasonie and PalaHar’s assistance, then carefully lifted the woman onto the cart.
All the while, Sodasonie and the others worked to save their wounded companion, the entire place was filling with an excited tumult of machines coming and going, delivering ever-increasing numbers of wounded, then slipping away to retrieve another bloodied cargo.  The floor was rapidly filling with loaded stretchers or, more often, mats of whatever bedding was available to place the wounded upon.  By now, there were more to be tended to than those able to render aid.
The scene everywhere was becoming chaotic.  As machines continued to return with more casualties, Javan noticed that it was now often the lesser wounded who were tending those with more serious injuries.  He peered back at the woman who was now on the wheeled cart.  Sodasonie was becoming desperate.  She was unable to unbuckle the woman’s chest plate until the arrow could be removed and, despite PalaHar’s attempts to stem the flow, the cart ran red with the woman’s blood, dribbling in little rivulets onto the floor.
Sodasonie stared into troubled faces, moaning in despair, “Lonche, Chisamore, why has it come to this?  Why is my little sister dying?  Was she not in your charge?”  Before either man could answer, she cried out angrily, “And where’s Euroaquilo?  I ordered him to stay with the child.”
A thunderous voice some distance away answered, “The foolish call out to the wind when the storm is nigh!  Do not belittle the brave efforts of your brothers when you are looking at but one leaf that has been torn from the tree this day!  Look around and see the slaughter.  And many more are our brothers and sisters who have no need of your witchery.  The child at least still lives and, why or how, I do not know.”
Everyone turned to see a giant of a man being assisted by two others, his wounds grave.  He looked into Sodasonie’s tortured face, his own stained with tears.  “We were set upon by ambush, having no time to prepare a defense.  Our troop was at the head, we fighting off the greatest of the battle charges.  Save her and me, there are none remaining to give you report.  Back to back, she and I fought until there were no more who opposed us, the child then collapsing in the crimson snow and I too damaged to assist her.”
The man came close, resting a hand on the woman’s arm as he shook his head sadly, “We piled up heaps upon heaps of that rabble, our swords singing a merry song!  Alas, they were too great in numbers.  My Rachel, in desperation to save the others, charged the foe, I quickly following.  Together we delivered another two dozen to Hell’s gate.  More fearsome than a wild boar was she, more terrifying than a maddened bull!  At length the foe retreated, leaving us the field and little more.”
He gently stroked the woman’s pallid face.  “But she has paid dearly for her valor.”  Euroaquilo then looked into Sodasonie’s eyes, his lips quivering, “We all have...”
Sodasonie flushed red with shame, apologizing, “My brother, Euroaquilo, forgive a fool, please, this once.  My heart has rebelled against my head and caused my mouth to speak injurious lies.”  Filled with remorse, she looked down at the woman, lamenting, “Oh, Rachel, my innocent ewe.  Mother shall never forgive me should lasting harm come to you.  Live, please child, for me.  Please live for me.”
PalaHar suggested they move Rachel into the medical facilities to better assist her.  They had not gone far when an attendant arrived with a tool to cut the arrow shaft.  Removing the armor and inner shirt, Sodasonie gasped.  The arrow had done its damage, but that was expected.  It was on the woman’s right side where the armor was heavily buckled that most caused Sodasonie to despair.  “How does she live?” she pondered aloud, staring at the woman’s caved in side and many splintered ribs.
Euroaquilo stared at the wounds, replying, “The girl took a hammer blow to her side just after the battle began, it pitching her off her feet and through the air for some distance before she crashed in a heap on the ground.  I thought her dead then, but quickly she revived and rejoined the contest.  Busy as we were, I soon forgot about it until this very moment.”  He stood there, shaking his head in wonder.
Attendants soon appeared to take Rachel and Euroaquilo to an examination station.  Moments later a surgeon came on the scene, directing them to take the woman straight to the preparation room.  Lonche and Chisamore hurried off with the medical crew, leaving Sodasonie and the others standing there, Sodasonie’s eyes following them until they disappeared through distant doors.  No sooner were they gone than another machine slid to a stop not twenty paces from the group.
It was barely halted when its doors opened and three armor-clad women exited, the middle one being assisted by the other two.  One of the women, tall and blonde, her face still spattered with blood, shouted, “Some help over here!  We have an artery!”
Two medics instantly left tending the others to render what assistance they could.  An arterial wound could kill quickly, even if the wound itself was not life-threatening.  They eased the woman down onto a stretcher, she crying in pain as they did so.  The tall, blonde woman kneeled down beside her, holding her hand while the attendants worked to slow the bleeding as they waited for help to move the woman to surgery.  In a moment or two, she was being whisked away to the makeshift hospital that had been set up nearby.
Casting her gaze about the room, the tall blonde caught sight of Sodasonie.  With her companion close on her heels, she stormed over, spewing a torrent of curses as she approached.  “That bastard, son of a bitch!   I’ll kill him myself, I swear, as I live!  He will not live to breathe by the morrow!”
Sodasonie extended her hands toward the woman, crying out, “Michael! Terey!  Does Planetee live or die?  Are her wounds severe?”
The tall, blonde woman Sodasonie addressed as ‘Michael’ continued with her angry rant.  “He betrayed us!  That bastard, Mitlocke...MitlockeDorzandee, he betrayed us to the enemy, attacking our camp after butchering the innocents in GasTafaHuu!  He is the turncoat who has rent this destruction upon our people today!”
Stepping up as she approached, Sodasonie put her hands on the woman’s shoulders.  “Michael, please, enough anger.  Does our sister, Planetee, live?”
Michael stared into Sodasonie’s face, as if hearing her for the first time, pausing in thought to comprehend the question.  Finally she answered, “Planetee has been cleaved badly behind the knee. All her tendons and muscles are torn asunder, and she has bled severely from a severed artery, but I believe she will survive this ordeal.  It is not the first time the woman has fallen to an enemy blade.  She is tough, with a strong will to survive.  I think she will make it.”  She stepped back, her countenance strong and resolute, declaring, “I have business to attend to...”  Turning to Terey, she ordered, “Bring up the squadron and suit up.  We’re taking this contest to the skies.”
Sodasonie frowned, “There’s been enough bloodshed for one day.  Let it rest, Michael.  We will gather our strength tomorrow and advance upon the enemy.”
The woman waved her off.  “We shall not wait, for the hour is now, while the enemy revels in his victory!  He will count on us for the morrow, but this eve he will drink the wine of his spoils.  Tonight he will not count on us.”
As Sodasonie continued to protest, PalaHar interceded on Michael’s behalf.  “My Lord, your sister is correct this time.  We must strike while the enemy thinks us to be confused and dispirited.  Tomorrow… even if we shall win, tomorrow would fill these halls with the dead and dying.  We must act now or not at all.”
Without waiting for Sodasonie’s reply, Michael ordered Terey to bring up the squadron then asked PalaHar, “Can I count on the fleet to deliver the troopers to Ancepities after we have hammered its gates and watchtowers with my warships?”
Before he could answer, another voice called out, “I shall go with you, too!  A good pilot am I, having flown these same warships as are yours.  I can take Planetee’s place and fight beside you.”
Michael’s head snapped around toward the woman approaching, angrily sputtering, “Sirion, you will do no such thing!  Tending the wounded, you shall do your duty!”
Sirion’s ardor rose, her face flushing red with anger.  “You promised that we should one day raise blades together in battle!  Well, this is the day or I shall go it alone!  Choose my death for me if you will, for either way I will die facing my enemy, not cowering in a hole!”
Sodasonie clasped her head with her hands, crying aloud, “Has the madness taken us all, or is a death wish something to be sought for as if a treasure?”
PalaHar put his hand out to her.  “Death may come to us all, and sometimes it feels almost desirable, considering.”  He chanced a glance at Sirion and then at Michael, addressing first the latter.  “Take the girl with you.  She is a good fighter pilot, and you need one right now.  She will be safer in the skies with you than when you return to your armor after the city has been breached, for that is what I know you will do.”
He then turned his attention to Sirion.  “Stop acting so brave and foolish.  Michael shares a common concern that we all have.  Precious you are to us, much more so alive than dead, you being among the youngest and so dear to Mother’s heart.  There are many demons and snakes, not all of them hiding outside in the darkness.  Beware, child!  Your destiny may be more dangerous than you believe, and your battles far beyond the mountains.”
Sirion asked PalaHar to explain himself, but he refused.  Michael submitted to PalaHar’s request, he being long in years.  Soon they departed to gather their forces for a counterstrike upon the enemy.  Just before leaving, another man hobbled up to the group.
Sodasonie shook her head sadly, “You too, Zadar?  Are you badly hurt?”
Zadar denied it to be so.  “A crevice I chanced upon without seeing it.  My foot is broken and my confidence shaken, but your child is not wounded from the battle.”  He made his way to Sodasonie’s side, speaking quietly in her ear, “A word with you, please.  Sad news it is.”
Sodasonie peered into Zadar’s face.  “It is all sad today.  Please, tell us all so that we may mourn together.”
Zadar quietly complied.  “News has just now arrived, I being asked to deliver it to the Lady.  Our invasion force has been driven back from its bridgehead with great losses.  Fortunately, fleet transports have succeeded in rescuing most of those trapped on the beaches and have retreated back to our fortress at Cortney Bay.  But alas, my Lord, it has also been at great personal loss to you that they attained such success.”
He lowered his head in remorse.  “Captain Miranda Schmalling charged her frigate along with a contingent of escort cutters out of Cortney Bay to hold back the enemy fleet, to buy time for the transports to escape.  Her ship, Sand Dancer, was lost with all hands, saving our troopships from certain destruction because of their brave deeds.”
Sodasonie’s face paled, her hands trembling.  At length, she thanked Zadar for his report, speaking to the others, wishing them success in the coming battle.  Then, turning to her guests, she motioned toward Zadar, addressing them in their common tongue.  “This fellow will entertain you for a while.  I doubt there is little you can do here.  He will inform you on whatever questions you may have.  I must see to the wounded and offer whatever assistance I can.  There are many sights in Eden your eyes have not witnessed.”
She then excused herself and, on wobbly legs, hurried as best she could toward distant doors.  Javan was sure he could hear the sound of quiet sobs as Sodasonie walked away.

*    *    *

The next two days passed quickly for Javan and the others.  Zadar was a most hospitable host, answering their many questions while showing them other fascinating parts of Eden.  
Eden itself defied description, being a labyrinth of connected chambers or buildings.  Javan could not tell which.  Zadar told them the structure’s shape and size was unknown to the children of Iam, being built long before their existence by the Ones Who Came Before, or at least that was what Zadar had been told when he, too, asked.
Aphrodite was kept busy translating much of the time, seeing that Zadar knew little more of their language than they did of his.  Some of his words EpiphanOida and Javan saved for their own use, delivering them back to their people.  This was especially true for the names of some of Iam’s children.  Another word, ‘captain’, Javan remembered well, bestowing it upon his trusted leaders.  More puzzling to Javan was whom PalaHar was referring to when he, and later Sodasonie, spoke of ‘Mother’.
Zadar looked at Aphrodite, she signaling the others’ lack of knowledge as to who Iam really was.  Realizing the woman’s desire to keep certain matters secret, he answered in a roundabout way, “‘Mother’ is a term of endearment we children use to express the softer side of Iam.  Iam is truly tenderhearted and, like a mother, cherishes the children of my world.  When reflecting upon Iam’s feelings, we often will use that term.”

(Author’s note: Aphrodite later told Zadar that all the pre-flood history of God was not revealed to the children, they learning the twisted versions through the teachings of Hormax.  To offset those teachings, Javan and the others learned to see Iam as a powerful male deity ruling from a great throne, high above the planet, thus separating the real person of God from the distorted teachings of the Snake, who painted God as weak, fickle, and emotional.)

It was far into the evening of the second day following before the others received a visit from Sodasonie.  She was much more her former self than when Javan had last seen her.  News was that Michael was successful in the battle against Mitlocke, later known as the ‘Tyrant of Ancepities’.  Casualties were light, with many of the people of the city joining forces to bring the evil man and his cohorts down.  Rachel was on the mend, at least not on death’s bed any longer.  And the loss of Sodasonie’s dear companion, Miranda Schmalling, the Lady had adjusted to, covering any lingering pain behind her smoky gray orbs.
For several hours, the five toured the chambers of Eden, Sodasonie weaving the history of Heaven and Earth into tales filled with adventure, magic, and - might I say - just a little whimsical fantasy.  Much like her mother was the Lady in those early days before the incessant wars and privations stole her humorous side and zest for life.  It was long into the night before the time came for parting of the ways.
When chimes struck the ending of the third watch, Sodasonie looked over at Aphrodite, giving ever so slight a nod.  Excusing herself, saying she must attend to other business, Aphrodite took her leave, first giving each of her companions tender kisses.  Taking Javan by the arm, Sodasonie bid her adieus to EpiphanOida and Zadar, wishing them a good night and, arm in arm with Javan, exited to more private chambers less traveled.
In time, they descended a winding staircase that delivered them to another temple laboratory, this one alive with activity.  Dozens of silver-garmented workers scurried about at various duties, some reading gages on the walls while turning dials and pushing knobs.  Others busied themselves about an oval crystal room located near the center of the temple.  Javan did not understand.  
Sodasonie explained, “My brother, the hour has arrived when we must make preparation for coming days.  Soon we shall go on separate journeys, possibly not to come together again in this age of men or angels.  But at a future time when peace again rules our worlds, we will then renew the promises made this night.”
Sodasonie led Javan toward an opened door in the crystal room, pointing, “This is the greatest of all wonders, built by Those Who Came Before.  The very spirit of God resides within the walls of this room, giving life and renewing the flesh.  Long ago, your forefather came to life in one of these machines and later your mother, Eve.  How it works, I do not know, but work it does.  For this reason you have been delivered here this night...and for others.”
Javan did not understand.  “My Lady, I am not dead, am I?  I do not feel dead but very much alive, and quite fit for a man my age.”
Sodasonie smiled, taking Javan’s hand.  “Yes, you are alive.  It is my duty to make you so much more alive...alive in ways you have never before experienced.  You must become a sign to your people, you and Dancing Stones.  Your people must be made to believe that Iam has sent you to deliver them from the approaching storm.  Tonight you begin that journey.”  She quickly removed her clothing, encouraging Javan to do the same.  Then, taking his hand, they entered into the crystal room, the door silently closing behind them.
The room was empty, but soft was the floor, like an inviting carpet of downy feathers, and the air was warm and fresh like a young summer morn after a late night shower.   Quickly, the crystal walls misted over, an effervescent glow emanating from the mist.  The only sounds to be heard were the harmonic notes of an enchanting melody that lingered in the back of Javan’s mind, barely audible, but ever present.
Sodasonie looked around the tiny room.  “We shall pass the night away in this place and on the following morning you will tell me whether I have been truthful with you or not.  For this night I shall give to you wisdom and understanding, much of it to be used by you in future ages when the world is at peace again.  A dream I will give to you that no human has yet to receive.  That is another reason for this room.  Yes, should you and I have come together outside these walls, as we will in our dreams tonight, a madness would have consumed you, your mind and flesh rebelling against the very powers I should subject them to.”
Taking Javan’s hands, Sodasonie leaned forward, passionately kissing him, bringing his manly ardor to an explosive excitement.  She stood back, her eyes twinkling.  “We stand tonight in bodies like that of Immortals.  Should I have touched you in such a way so innocently, but you being in your former self, I doubt your heart would have survived the ordeal, exploding from the emotion.”
Then, encouraging Javan to lie down, Sodasonie offered, “Come now, my king, let me first satisfy your manly desires and then later I will teach you many things.”
Javan remembered little of the following interlude other than staring up into the most beautiful of faces while being mesmerized by the swaying of such perfect breasts, and the music dancing in his head.  The Lady had a magic about her, proving her majestic title of ‘Head Daughter Dragon’.  When the moment of male ecstasy arrived upon him, he felt not only an explosive surge erupting from within his inner parts but it was as if his very spirit was being drawn into the flesh of the Lady until they were one and the same flesh, sharing the same heart, mind, and soul.
For the longest time, Sodasonie lie atop Javan, her knees pressed against his sides, breathing deeply, and dripping with sweat.  Javan wrapped his arms around her, pulling her ever close so as to feel the woman’s beating heart.  Even the afterglow of their love was more intense than the most passionate of lovemaking that the man could recall, his unspent ardor continuing to revel in slowly diminishing orgasmic spasms.  Who was this woman in his arms?  Were all the women of this world like her in their lovemaking powers?
As if sensing his questions, Sodasonie confessed, “I am a witch extraordinaire, the maker of dreams for all the men of my world.  My sisters may one day equal my magic.   Some do so already or nearly as well, but there are none better.  I have taught all the men in my world to learn the love of a woman, and how to make love to a woman.”  She sighed, “You are good.  You have a good heart. That makes a good lover.  If only we had time, I could teach you many things.”
She slowly slid back into a sitting position and resumed her witching ways while resting her weight upon her lover.  Javan could not resist the urge to fondle the swaying spheres above him, Sodasonie responding to his touches with swooning, hypnotic crooning.  As the woman’s hands gently massaged his chest, she tipped her head back with eyes closed, moaning ever so softly.  In such an aroused state, she confessed, “The man, PalaHar, the one you met some days ago…he and I once shared love’s embrace for six days and nights, never retreating from the dream visions we were sharing with one another the entire time.”
Looking down at Javan and into his eyes, she added, “And this night we shall remain the same, I having many dreams to share with you before our parting on the morrow.”  While continuing her arousing witchery with the man, Sodasonie went on to tell Javan through her sensual, crooning speech the secrets of her world and the sad tales of his, all the while maintaining his heightened passion.
“Iam is the Maker of all life.  In Iam’s image is all life made.  Even the animals display the personality of Iam.  Everything…everything surrounding us…we, ourselves, are only a likeness of Iam.  Iam is one Iam.  We, the children of Iam, are two, each a part of Iam.  When we connect together, a man and a woman, then we, too, become one like Iam is one.
“Iam is not mortal as we creatures of flesh, but Iam has taken a body of Iam’s choosing that, itself, is made of mortal flesh like ours.  But the hidden power of Iam is beyond measure.  I have rested in the arms of Iam because Iam does love the children Iam has made as with birthing pangs.  To be able to hold Iam’s children close, and share Iam’s immortal love with children of mortal flesh, Iam gave to all the children what we call the ‘dream share’.  Dream shares are waking and sleeping visions that consume the minds of two lovers when wrapped up in the physical embrace of love such as we are now.
“It was given to the women of my world the ability to bring forth the man’s arousal until the woman became satisfied in her heart, and the heat of her passion had passed on.  It was a gift to the women, they being second born, to have mastery over their brothers in this one thing, to satisfy their spirit.  Women are the vessels into which the powers of the dream share are delivered.  It is they who are the receptacles of life, the progenitors of the magic that makes the dream share work.  The man gives to the woman the elixir, but it is the mind of the woman that can reach out to the Immortal Heavens to deliver back to the man the visions of Iam.”
Sodasonie’s eyes searched Javan’s, pondering his understanding.  When satisfied, she continued, “You are in me, have become part of me.  We are now one in flesh and spirit.  When you released your elixir into me, we became connected in spirit.  Your mind and mine are now one.  I can show you my visions and you, when I have taught you, can show me yours.  And even together, we can go into the world of visions, sharing the same experiences as though through one pair of eyes.”
She laughed, “Many are the visions I can give you, even to that of sharing my love received from other lovers.  Wonders of wonders beyond your imagination, I can give to you.  That is why I am called ‘Greatest Daughter Dragon’.  All the women of my world are Daughter Dragons when it comes to the dream share.”
Sodasonie’s eyes darkened as she continued, revealing a hidden pain in her heart over some evil done to her.  “The men of my world also have great powers, being able to excite our emotions to unimagined heights when practicing their arts of lovemaking.  Indeed, we soon discovered that every form of intercourse produced varied and different sensual experiences, and that certain kinds gave men greater control over our dream shares.  Through the practiced art of rectal lovemaking, honest men learned how to capture the heart of the woman.  Then there were others who discovered ways to steal womens’ souls.”
A saddened frown grew on Sodasonie’s face.  “Iam is too pure to believe that evil can grow in a person’s heart...or at least once believed.  Iam did not see the wickedness growing in our world, and the holy guardians sworn to protect the innocent ones fell into a sleepy rapture of longing for their brothers’ touch. Those men with evil intent took advantage of us women in this respect, bending our minds to their will and making me…and my sisters…slaves to their whims.  My world gradually slipped into darkness, we, the women, being seduced into a subliminal servitude to those men by them placing a growing craving in our hearts for them.
“In time, the Great Snake took to loving his brothers in much the same way as he practiced with his sisters, teaching his fellows the power of what is called ‘HupotithemiDeuteros’ or the ‘second mind’ in order to control both men and women.  Iam said nothing, having never placed any rules or laws upon us, the children of Iam, not understanding the growing treachery in that man’s heart.   It was not until after the rebellion of that Serpent, his rejection of women, and flaunting his lovemaking with men in front of Iam’s face that a law was passed by my voice, condemning all men who take up such an abominable practice before my God.”
Sodasonie turned her head away, holding back tears seeking escape.  Having momentarily lost her hypnotic rhythm, she apologized, “I must think about the present.  Little is the time we have now, my hope that it would have been much greater.  My witchery will soon revive our flesh and spirits.”  The woman closed her eyes and became lost in a soft, rhapsodic chant.
In only moments, Sodasonie began to groan with sad pleasure, sending them on a sensual odyssey that swept Javan into a vortex of emotions and visions flooding from the woman’s mind.  Tales of the ages were no longer being described to him through words spoken by the woman’s mouth, but vividly presented through visionary memories of this Daughter Dragon, though not always as Sodasonie intended.
From time to time, Javan witnessed the disjointed dreams of a woman in pain caused by the violence experienced in her world.  Later, Sodasonie explained that the visions of the dream share were often controlled by the incoherent, excited mood racing through the mind at any given moment, that the dream share was made by Iam to provide ecstasy and pleasure to mutual lovers, designed to be wild and unpredictable.  To give to Javan the knowledge she had desired him to receive took tremendous concentration on her part.  When orgasmic spasms would peak or during post-exhaustive moments, it was difficult to keep her mind focused, the woman relating that the dream shares were a gift from Iam for the abandoned ecstasy of Iam’s children, not for the methodical searching of soul and heart.
Sodasonie could no more control those heated orgasms than Javan his reaction to her seductive intrigues, the woman being caught up in the aggressive throes of a mind share.  Along with the vast knowledge she delivered to Javan’s mind when she forced the visions, there were countless pieces of her memories that escaped secret vaults of her heart when her passions were high.
One vision that troubled him was that of a ravishingly beautiful, blue-skinned woman, the man experiencing her touches and passionate kisses.  Then, in a fleeting moment of unbridled grief, he heard the words of Zadar echoed in his ears, ‘Miranda’s ship, Sand Dancer, was lost with all hands.’
Another was that of a beauty with olive-colored skin, haughtily shaking a finger in his face, crying, ‘He doesn’t love you anymore, want you anymore.  Go give your charms to the fools in the street!  My Lord now has someone else who gives him the respect he deserves at our festivals...not like those who follow that rebellious religion of the Jahouk!’
For hours, Sodasonie worked her magic, revealing one secret after another, showing Javan the worlds of the past, present and possibly the future.  All the secrets of Horus were revealed to him, from the sordid beginning of Hormax down to the very machines being built to bring his own people to ruin.
It was late into the morning watch by the time Sodasonie had finished delivering those many and urgent secrets to Javan’s mind.  As if waking from a fitful stupor, she stared down into the man’s face, smiling, “To you, I have given the secrets to win the war against this evil foe.  Now I shall take my reward for such duties.”
Tipping her head back and closing her eyes, she began singing a haunting tune in a tongue strange to Javan’s ears.  Her body started to sway along with hypnotic refrains until she became lost in the music, her body and soul becoming entwined with an erotic symphony of unrestrained emotion.  Sounds of unbridled passion filled Javan’s ears, each of Sodasonie’s climactic cries reaching a greater crescendo than the one before.  Finally, during Javan’s own explosive climax, which simultaneously tortured his body with extremes of pain and ecstasy, Sodasonie let out a gasping wail and collapsed forward upon her lover as if dead.
Javan had little time to ponder what was happening.  In seconds, he was rushing headlong into a strange and mesmerizing universe of indescribable sensations.  The sheer ecstasy of the journey Sodasonie carried him away on was so emotionally and explosively powerful, he believed he was to die, his body incapable of containing the feelings.  And die he might well have had he not been free of his mortal flesh to travel unbridled into these worlds of phantasmagorical intrigues.
Little did the man remember that he could relate in words but for two profound things, one of feelings and the other of a most peculiar vision.  These he later described in some detail to Noahashonie, his youngest wife, who was later taken as a wife by Javan’s youngest son after his death.  It was by the mouth of Noahashonie, as told to her daughter, Hyhoset, many years hence that this account is now revealed.

Noahashonie explained to Hyhoset, “And the Great Daughter Dragon took your father’s soul and hid it deep within herself, pulling it from his body so that his spirit and mind traveled on to wonderful and strange places that no man is permitted to go.  Together, they rode upon the comets across the skies, all the while sharing in their lovemaking with cries of passion and joy that only spirits can understand, for their hearts burned with emotions more powerful than death and more joyous than life, two hearts beating as one…or was it only one heart shared by two?
“Upon the wings of sensual delights, the two fell through the night until earth, moon, and even the stars of Heaven were only distant memories of a near-forgotten time and place.  The wings of ecstasy carried them ever onward, the two passing one musical rainbow after another, lighting up the sky with blinding brilliance.  With each cascading kaleidoscope of colors, the Dragon Daughter’s cries and wails of excitement increased until finally, in one deafening gasp, she dissolved into a firestorm of countless magical, flaming hues, filling the sky with her dazzling glory.
 “Then the great Wind Spirits came, filling the expanse with their music, making the Daughter Dragon moan with rapturous songs, singing her love songs to the Wind Spirits, calling them by strange and wonderful names.  And your father heard them calling back to her in prose unbridled by voice or tongue.  And all things dissolved into blazing brightness, making the Daughter Dragon and your father into one burning flame of passion where soul and flesh did not exist, but only unspeakable joy and love of life.”
Noahashonie later went on to tell of Javan’s vision.
“The Great Daughter Dragon and your father came to settle down upon a giant, flat-topped mountain, taller than the tallest of mountains in our world.  Far above the clouds it stood, with ranges of snow-covered mountains all around, but it, itself, was warm and clothed in green grasses, trees and beautiful flowers.
“Your father looked to his side and saw a sight to behold.  There, standing beside him was the Great Daughter Dragon arrayed in the glory of the gods, her flesh aglow with blinding light, but still her eyes were gray like the smoking passion of her heart.  And the Wind Spirits, in flames of fire, settled down before them, calling out to the Great Daughter Dragon, ‘Oh, Sister-daughter, you have done well!  He is a most desirable man!’  At that, the Wind Spirits gathered their wings to themselves and, like scattering leaves on a breezy day, departed, singing songs of merry tune until they could be heard no more.
“And the Great Daughter Dragon reached out and touched your father on the thigh so that he limped ever after.  But the fire of the Daughter Dragon entered him where she touched him so that he, too, became a fire like the gods.  Then the Daughter Dragon said to your father, ‘I have made you clean and full of life.  Now bow down with me, please, so that we may both live.’
“Now your father did just so, and when he and the Great Daughter Dragon rose, why, standing before them was a woman of the most comely appearance, a beauty far greater than that of even the Great Daughter Dragon.  With eyes green, like that of emeralds, the woman stared upon your father, smiling but speaking not a word.  At length, the woman pulled from her own flesh or spirit a golden box and handed it to your father.  She then turned and walked away.
“Your father was about to call out to the beautiful woman, whose golden hair was brighter than the sun, but the Great Daughter Dragon motioned him not to do so.  Some distance away the woman stopped, standing upon what appeared to be a large pool of ocean-blue ice and turned around, her piercing green eyes filled with mirth, and her lips still smiling.  The woman did not move, but stood as if waiting for something to happen.
“Suddenly, a rumbling was heard deep within the ground, and the mountain began to shake.  And then your father looked on in amazement to see all the mountains roundabout bowing low toward the woman, singing out in strange words their love and devotion for the woman standing upon the icy pool.
“At that, the icy pool began to rise, being lifted up by twelve giants growing up from the very mountain itself.  Tall and handsome they were in appearance, bronze like burnt copper, black like shining coal, red like stones of sand, white like sea cliffs of shells, and many other colors and hues of the mountain’s treasures.  These most glorious of manly knights began to sing beautiful songs of love in a strange tongue to the woman, calling her their ‘Sister-Mother’.  And their songs came to fill all Heaven and Earth until no other sound was to be heard except the faintest of musical reply the woman was making in return.
“As the twelve giants continued their singing, why look!  The woman began to float above the icy pool, it slowly melting until, like the rain, it soaked wet upon the ground.  Then a burning blaze awoke within the woman, becoming blindingly bright to the point where your father cried out, covering his eyes.  When he again looked, the woman was gone, and floating there above the twelve giants there was a sphere of splendid blues and greens that appeared more beautiful to the eye and heart than all the beauty of the woman who had been there...so beautiful that your father’s heart ached when only retelling his account.
“ ‘Shanna Shiamee Koobie Koobie Hasnochak Iroquoi!’ the voice within the sphere called out, the words’ meaning as was later told your father by the Great Daughter Dragon, ‘Keep safe, keep safe the treasures that are to save your world’.
“As soon as the voice finished speaking, the mountain took to shaking violently.  Your father fell backward into a bottomless abyss until a dark nothingness overcame him.  He remembered little more until awakening long hours later in the Great Daughter Dragon’s arms.”
Thus ends the account as told by Noahashonie.

(Author’s note: From this did come many of the legends and folklore that filled the hearts of the sons of Dodanim, it being the foundation for many a tale told around blazing campfires on darksome nights.  Some have confessed dismay to think that Sodasonie would have allowed a lowly, imperfect human to have a share in such profound secrets, but it was not without purpose.
You see, such tales filled the hearts of honest people, depriving the priests of Horus opportunity of exploiting empty hearts during the many dark years of their rule.  Yes, it was the vision, itself, that was one of the treasures that saved Javan’s world from total corruption, giving men hope of a greater God than the one vomited from the mouths of Asotos’ minions.  Lowenah has many tools at her disposal, deception being one.)

“So, did you rest well?”  EpiphanOida innocently asked as she slid up beside Sodasonie who was sitting across from Javan at the small dining table, quietly eating some fish chowder.  She pulled back her silken, cloaked robe, revealing a radiant glow the likes of which was both breathtaking and disturbing.
Javan dropped his spoon, nearly gasping, “Yo… you… you’re so beautiful!  Is that really you, Dancing Stones, or a vision I am seeing of you in but your teens?”
EpiphanOida laughed, “You don’t look half-bad yourself, my handsome king.  I see the night has treated you well also.”
“What?  Who?” Javan stuttered, having no idea what she was talking about.
Without taking her eyes away from her spoon as she dipped it deep into the heavy broth, Sodasonie off-handedly remarked, “The fellow has not taken the time to see himself this day.  He is much like your lover, Dear, having only one thought on his mind.  Three times he has taken me this day since we awoke, and I had to promise him another bout or two later in order to get him to take some refreshment.”  She politely sipped her spoonful of chowder and, when finished, added, “I am just famished after such an adventure.”
EpiphanOida laughed again, watching an expression of confusion and consternation growing on Javan’s face, wondering, “Has the ardor of my king become youthful, too, along with his manly powers?”
Sodasonie quickly answered, not missing a moment consuming her dinner, “So much more, sister...so much more.  Our good fellow here has been transformed beyond youth.  He has seen visions not of this or my world, but a world I have only seen in my own dreams long, long ago when I was but a babe as to the knowledge of legends and gods.  You could not endure him yet, for his mightiness has not subsided within his upper thigh.  You would be crying for death before his passion would cool for you or any other woman he might be with...or women, for I think there would need be a line a mile long of your mortals and still his heat would not wane.”
Upon EpiphanOida’s request, Sodasonie explained, “He has been changed such as you have, but I could not be gentle with him. There was no time.  Things have happened in our worlds and the hourglass pours ever faster.  Six days I had expected to have to bring my cure, but time has been lost on both ends of the candle.  In two days, you must leave here.  It will be just in the nick of time if we hurry you away then, with no opportunity to visit the Ice Mountains or Dodanim’s grave, for you must make haste.
“As for me, I shall use my witching magic on this fellow here and, hopefully, will have reined in his manly ardor so that you can manage his advances.  Still, be patient.  He may well feign excuse to stop along your return trip to satisfy his desires with you.  And he may not always be gentle.”
Javan was embarrassed, defending his valor and claiming such things were not true, but already his ardor was getting the best of him, what with an ever-growing ache in his groin extinguishing his hunger for food.  He looked longingly back and forth at EpiphanOida and then Sodasonie, his breathing rapidly increasing.
Warning EpiphanOida, Sodasonie requested she go.  “It is not safe here for you at the moment, my dear sister.  Our man is as if in a drugged stupor for rutting.  He is growing feral I believe...my fault for pushing this on him so quickly.  You must leave us, for I fear your rape if you do not get away now.  My magic is strong, but it protects only my soul.  My cure is sure, but will take time.”
EpiphanOida did not argue, knowing that Sodasonie would not tease concerning such matters.  She bid them both her goodbyes, saying she would see them later.  Sodasonie smiled her reassurances to EpiphanOida, promising to return Javan to her company soon, and no worse for wear.
Hurrying from the dining room, glancing back to make sure things were still all right, EpiphanOida almost plowed into Zadar who was just arriving for dinner.  Seeing the woman’s worried expression, he asked what the problem was.  Taking his hands, EpiphanOida told to him what Sodasonie explained to her.
Zadar smiled, assuring her, “She is truly a witch, you know.  I was surrendered to her upon my twelfth year and shared her dreams - we alone - until my nineteenth.  No other woman have I given my love to who has her powers in such arts.  If she tells you that she can produce a cure, then trust her words.  Never has she failed.  Indeed, I’ve been told that her name, ‘GabrielleNahosetSodasonie’, was given to her by the ancient spirits said to have come before us, or so I was told.”
 “Or so you were told?”  EpiphanOida asked, curious.  “I believed all your kind were ancient, more so than the mountains.”
Zadar laughed, shaking his head, denying it.  “I, my Dear One, am the youngest of all my siblings.  Mother speaks little of my birthing, other than to say I was last born in my world.  My full name is ‘ZadarFahyVel’, meaning ‘Child of storm and tumult, the first of the fruits.’  I do not understand what it fully means, but I can tell you that I was born after the Great Rebellion began.”
EpiphanOida stared into Zadar’s eyes, wondering aloud, “Then my father, Adam, walked upon this earth before your existence, and you are the youngest and Aphrodite is not far in birth from your creation?”
Zadar confirmed it to be so. “Even I do not recall Eden as it was, but only through the fables of those like the witch there.”  He pointed in the direction of the dining room.  “I, and my sister, Rachel…you recall the woman torn and ruined from battle I paid a visit upon?”
EpiphanOida nodded, remembering.
“Rachel is but little older than I, still being a swaddled child when the darkness fell, and she recalls none of the Age of Innocence.  I guess that’s why she and I are so close.  We are both children born of this evil age.”
Thinking about all that she had been told, EpiphanOida pondered a question.  “Tell me then, please, why do you speak of having a mother, being birthed?  It seems so strange for me to see you as a babe and to think of Iam as a mother.”
Zadar thought quickly, not wanting to reveal too many secrets.  “Iam is like a mother to all of us in that Iam made each of us one at a time and, like your own children, Iam chose to make us very small like babes and let us grow up to adulthood, learning as we grew.”
He quickly changed the subject.  “So, what is your heart’s delight?  I see there is some remaining time before we must part, if what you tell me is correct.  May I show you around this lovely place some more, or would you like to luxuriate in one of the foaming baths, or…”
EpiphanOida took hold of Zadar’s arm, a glow of desire growing in her eyes.  “I wish for you to take me to your private wonderland again…and again.  Javan is not the only one harboring an overwhelming ache.  Sodasonie told me you have the endurance of a stag in heated rut.  Do you wish to prove her right?”
Zadar only grinned, taking EpiphanOida’s hand.  The two hurried off to secluded rooms, secreting themselves away until the late hours of the following morning.

*    *    *

 “From here our paths must part, my lovely one.”  The cold chill on a snow-filled breeze whisked Aphrodite’s words away, audible only to EpiphanOida.
EpiphanOida could not help herself.  She fell on Aphrodite’s neck and wept, “I never tire of your touch, your sweet refrains, your tender words.  I fear this is our last goodbye in this world…possibly all the worlds.  You will go to your destiny and I to mine.  Shall it be forever that we are to part, I will miss you so.”  She released a torrent of tears, sobbing like a grieving child.
Sodasonie rested a hand on EpiphanOida’s shoulder, her voice reassuring.  “Forever is a very long time, little one.  Even I have scant understanding of its meaning.  A while it might be, a little while.”  She touched the side of the EpiphanOida’s cheek, directing the woman’s gaze toward hers.  “Dear One, we of the Order are bound by blood and soul.  One day…one day” she smiled so sadly, “when the world is changed, when all things are reborn, then the Great Sky Spirits will gather their children to themselves in grand celebration.  This I believe for my visions have told me so.”
EpiphanOida stood back, wiping her eyes, sniffling.  “May it be so, my sister.  May it be as you have seen in your firelight dreams.”  She spread her arms wide and stepped forward, embracing Sodasonie, holding her close and weeping upon her shoulder.
At length the two parted, Sodasonie offering only her pleasantries to Javan, fearing anything greater might re-ignite his simmering passion.  She went on to remind him, “What has been given to you is most precious, but I must warn you again, there are the twelve and the two.  The twelve are slaves of the latter and will do the bidding of the one playing master over the two.  You are the master, but alone you must not attempt to play lord over them.  To your sister here, Dancing Stones, do give the power of one, and in your dream shares and holy chants, draw up the power of the twelve.  You will defeat your enemy this time by use of your minds and wits, not with weapons of iron and stone.”
Javan smiled his understanding, chancing a glance at EpiphanOida who smiled back in return.  He then handed to her one of the two.  “Here, it is wisdom that I do not chance such power alone to myself, for in a weak moment when the enemy is pressing me, I might choose to release the power of the gods by my own might.”
EpiphanOida hesitated taking the stone Javan offered but Sodasonie encouraged her to accept it.  “Dear One, your man speaks with great insight.  Together you both will best the priests of Horus.  Together you both will bring down Satan’s house.”
She went on to caution them, “Remember, these are the Eden Stones.  The Snake ever searches for them, especially the two.  They will give to him power over Heaven and Earth… at least against all mortal flesh.  Iam has placed tremendous trust in you with the gifts and visions given you.  I believe Iam has chosen shrewdly.  So also, I have given you the Twelve and the Two.  Without them, I doubt you can defeat the henchmen of that…the greatest of dragons whose heart has turned black.  Keep them safe and secret from all, lest they fall under his wicked control.”
Grinning, Sodasonie added, “The fool will not think to look here for them.  He would never give away the power of Cherubs to the likes of humans, let alone a human woman.  I do not believe he thinks Iam would do such a thing either.  Still, do be careful not to reveal your secret treasure to anyone unless all hope is lost.”  She shrugged, “Then we must trust that Iam will intercede and save us from fates worse than a thousand deaths.”
Tucking the second Eden Stone into a finely tooled pouch, Javan then wrapped it up in the deerskin that protected the twelve other stones, along with the gift given him by Iam, and packed the roll into a traveling bag.  He reached up and tied it to the horn of the saddle on his mount, a giant, toothed beast some nine cubits long and as tall as a man at its shoulder.
As he busied himself at the task, Sodasonie stepped up and stroked the animal’s head just behind its ear.  She looked at Javan with an appearance of motherly pride on her face.  “Her kind is my design, you know.  ‘Mosthruah’ is the name I gave to them, ‘Mother Queen of the cats’.  I believe that is how you would translate it into your language.  She is very beautiful and so majestic.”  The woman lamented, “This lady was so gentle, playful, until he ruined it…” Sodasonie’s voice trailed off and she turned her face away, becoming overly absorbed in giving the animal attention.
Eventually, after patting the beast’s neck, she returned her gaze to Javan.  “She answers to ‘KiiCue’, is faster than a horse, stronger than an ox, more ferocious than a charging behemoth, and more beautiful than a dancing swan.  When the night is dark and the journey uncertain, give your reins to KiiCue and she will carry you safely through to your destination.”
She rested a hand on Javan’s shoulder.  “Promise to take care of my child.  Dancing Stones is changed such as you are.  The woman has a glow about her and a very independent spirit but” Sodasonie leaned close, speaking ever so softly in his ear, “she’s fallen in love with you.  You must be gentle or her heart may change its mind.  Be kind to my child as you were with me this last eve.  Bridle your passion until she requests it.”
Javan stole a glance at EpiphanOida who was being assisted upon her own mount, a beast of similar kind and size to Javan’s.  “I have loved many women and five wives I do have, but there has never been a woman I have loved more than her.  She was my first love and will be my last.”
Sodasonie smiled, “Good!  Good!”
EpiphanOida was now seated upon her beast.  Sodasonie walked over, resting a hand on her leg.  Aphrodite stepped close, covering Sodasonie’s hand with her own.  She looked up and into her great granddaughter’s eyes, but spoke so as to be heard by all.  “It has not been for your personal, selfish pleasure that you have arrived at this hour changed as you have been.  There were many brave souls who perished by fire and sword to ensure your safe journey here.  Now you must remember the Sky Children and repay their sacrifice.  Remember your duties.  Carry them out well.”
EpiphanOida smiled warmly, placing a hand atop Aphrodite’s.  “We shall not forget our brothers and sisters who ride the skies above us.  Blood has been shared between us.  We have lived as one flesh, have we not?  Then we shall die as such also.”
“Hey, wait up!”  Everyone turned to see a fur-covered, bearded man hurrying forward at a hobble out of the growing snowstorm.
Sodasonie smiled upon seeing it was Zadar, sputtering affectionately, “Has the beauty of one doe so taken my little brother’s heart that he chooses to endure this blizzard over the warmth of the loving arms of the many others awaiting his attention?”
Reaching the group, a grinning Zadar wheezed, “A… a… a most beautiful doe such as this one here,” he pointed toward EpiphanOida, “is worth a journey across Heaven’s expanse to hold in arms’ embrace.”  Then, first kissing Sodasonie and Aphrodite on the cheek, he confessed, “But I should do the same for these two most beautiful of Iam’s creations.  Their loving touches having already kindled my heart’s passion as has hers.”
While reaching into his fur coverings, Zadar looked up at EpiphanOida.  “It is for a remembrance that I have risked the incessant snow that keeps the enemy blind to our activities.  Lady, a lock of your hair, please, for me to keep as I have also done with one of mine for you to remember our fleeting time together.”
He pulled out a cut crystal pendant hanging upon a golden chain.  Inside the pendant were four strands of woven hair - of silver, red, brunette, and nearly black.  “Here, I have woven the bands of our love together, a bond the four of us shall ever remember.  But I ask now from all of you, each one, a strand of your hair to make for myself a remembrance of our bonded love.”
EpiphanOida’s face beamed with passionate recall, blushing like a maiden when reaching out to take it from Zadar’s hand.  “Here…” the woman pulled half a dozen strands of her fiery red hair from her head and gave them to Zadar, softly stroking his cheek afterward.  “You are my prince divine.  I shall never be able to forget the beauty of your smile or our tender lovemaking.  Should I have but one wish, it would be to end all this wicked craziness and join, all of us, together forever as you have done with these locks.”
Zadar bowed, kissing EpiphanOida’s hand.  “My Lady, some day, some day may it be so.  You are bound by blood to the Sky Spirits.  It is our destiny to be one with each other again, for what is bound together in Heaven let no man tear asunder on Earth or in Hell.”
“May it be so!”  Javan called aloud, he having mounted KiiCue and sidled over toward Sodasonie.  He reached down, touching ever so softly the Daughter Dragon’s face, softly repeating, “May it be so...”
Sodasonie grasped Javan’s hand, tears welling up in her eyes.  “I know not my fate any better than I do yours.  If it is the will of Iam, we shall meet again on the other side of the river.  Love my daughter, Dancing Stones, as you have loved me.  Think of me when you share my dreams with her.  Keep her safe, for there are forces seeking her soul as I speak.  She must fulfill her destiny or all your kind will be forgotten.  It must not be.  Remain cautious, for as you live, so will she.”
Sodasonie looked away into the driving snow as if searching for something.  When she returned her gaze, Javan could see tear-stained cheeks, a weathered appearance, and the tired look in her eyes.  Already this wicked age was consuming the woman, and this departure was only adding to her stress.  She sighed sadly, “So much you are like PalaHar when he was young and innocent.”
Putting on a bold smile, Sodasonie urged her companions to be swift.  “The storm is at its peak and will consume a better part of this day.  You must be far to the west before it ends.  Do not rest until you gather yourselves to the hemlock spires, the three peaks of the Mozerathas, their eastern-most territories.  It is some sixty leagues west of this place.  The spies of Hormax fear that wild land.  You will be safe there.
“The Mozerathas, ‘the burnt hide of Darth’, are of the sons through KeeSawee, daughter of Ham, of Madai, the brother of your grandfather Javan, father to Dodanim, your father,” she quickly glanced at EpiphanOida, adding, “your husband.  They are your brothers.  No knee of theirs has bent in worship to Horus, but they do not know Iam as well as you do.  Tell them of your visions, of the war that will also bring them to ruin if it is not won.  They will listen.  They will give you support.  They have uncanny powers over the beasts of the field.”
First squeezing Javan’s hand and then standing on tiptoes as EpiphanOida bent down, Sodasonie tenderly kissed the woman on the lips, and then spoke quietly in her ear, “Cothath still lives.  He is very old and weak now, but his eyes are keen and he remembers well.  His voice is heard above the other leaders among his people.  Give your love to him again as you did when he was but a teen. Use your witching ways to rouse his passion for you.  You can win him over quickly, and that is what you need to do, for time is not your friend.  You must be returned to your city before the Great Moot.  Already there are voices whispering revolt among your people.  Be quick.”  Shaking her head sadly, Sodasonie confessed, “The darkness is coming, will come…will come.”  Then, looking up into her companions’ faces, she defiantly declared, “But not this day!  This is our day!  Our victory!”
The hour had come.  After giving Sodasonie a parting kiss, Javan turned KiiCue into the storm, EpiphanOida doing the same with her mount, AdaBonie, both bounding into the driving snow.  In moments, they were gone from sight with only the tracks of the giant, fanged cats bearing witness to earlier events.  For the longest time, the three stood silent, staring off toward the west, each one pondering what the future held.
Dismayed, Aphrodite spoke first.  Wrapping her arms around herself, she shivered, lamenting with tears, “They go to their deaths.  I feel it…know it.  Lowenah does not give me hope.  I shall never see my child again!”
Zadar stepped up close, embracing her in a hug, shaking his head, waxing softly, “Forever is such a long time.  One day you will see them both again.  Mother has not abandoned them.  But you knew from the beginning it was not to gain victory over Hormax on the field of battle that this has all come about.  It has been only to win an hour in order to save many souls, and…and to produce the seed that will bring the Snake’s house down to ruin.”
Sodasonie agreed, adding, “You knew that your daughter could not alone deliver the seed into future days.  EpiphanOida is too pure of stock to create the bloodline needed to deceive the demon horde and alone, your son Javan cannot produce it.  The seed that will bruise our enemy in the head must be filled with his father’s blood.  The scent of Hormax must be strong within him.  That is why we have sent our children away to the land of the Mozerathas.  There, Javan will find a woman of almost pure Hormaxian blood, her grandfather being Zorbeddago, son of Hormax and Jemilliah, Hormax’ daughter.  The Snake will smell the scent of his own seed while missing the ruse Mother has set before him.
“You must carry this ruse on to its finish.  The Eden Stones must be kept safe, but also in our control.  The priests of Horus will soon realize something is up when they are confronted with the Stones’ power in battle.  They are ever in search of them for their master.  It needs be necessary that the Snake believes they are secreted away in this land.  When he is convinced, then you will deliver them to the House of Stones, in a land far away.  There, the priests of Iam will protect them until the day they are returned to us.  At that time, the heart of your husband will be satisfied, for he loved Shem the most and wished a special blessing be given him.”
Sodasonie reached out, touching Aphrodite’s face.  “And then, also, the deception of our Mother will be made complete.  The Snake will believe she has chosen her seed from among those people…which she has, to a degree.  He will not realize her real intent is to mix the blood of her seed with that of his, which is the greatest of all deceptions.  So it shall become in the end: two seeds, one man...one man to bind the entire universe for good or ill, for he shall be the child of both Heaven and Hell, thus king over salvation or damnation.  That rests upon the Fates of Time to decide.”
Zadar added, “While the Snake busies himself with polluting Mother’s seed, Mother will be using his wiles to corrupt his own seed with hers.  Her deception will be great, using the very house of the Serpent’s servants to protect and nourish that seed until it matures at the ending hour.  Then and only then will he realize he has been made such a fool.”
Kissing Aphrodite on the cheek, Zadar concluded, “We must follow the will of the Fates.  They have placed us on this road, expecting us to remain upon it.”
Aphrodite’s tear-filled eyes peered into Zadar’s.  “Has not my existence down to this hour been to accomplish that very thing?  I live only for that purpose, as my sister here has informed me so long ago.  There are many things I must do before I join Enoch in my rest.  Still…”
Sodasonie interrupted, speaking consolingly while correcting Aphrodite’s point of view.  “Dear One, that is not really so, is it?  Have my loving arms and those of Zadar only been a means to an end for you?  Do you really believe that we have shared our love with a human only to gratify our selfish desires?  We love you as one of our own.  If tomorrow were our last day to live, I would still seek your arms to comfort me.  No, Dear One, life, if only for a day, has a purpose far greater than some assigned deed.”
Zadar added, “You have become the greatest of the Daughter Dragons of your kind, but you have forgotten what it is like to be a woman.  Your husband, Noah, is long since dead.  He shall not return to comfort your heart.  Yes, there are many things you must do before coming to your rest, many things we all must do, but that even now is not the reason Lowenah allows us to live.”
Aphrodite shook her head, tears welling up in her eyes.  “Ancient am I by the reckoning of my kind.  Many hundreds of years have I lived in this horrid land, this horrid life.  My children have already died, gone to their resting places.  Their own sons, my flesh and blood, fear me to be some kind of an untouchable goddess.  I ache from within and without.  My bones glow in the night’s darkness, and my heart burns with hopeless visions and dreams.  What else is there for me to live for other than the purpose Lowenah has placed before me?
“Look, even now I see my child EpiphanOida’s damnation, for she must suffer the same endless hope as I do in order for me to receive the Stones that are to be guarded by the sons of Jacob until the appointed hour.  And what shall become of the sons of Japheth when the worlds collide?  This land - this beautiful land, and all the wondrous things my husband and I built in it - what will become of all this?”
She began to weep.  “What of me?  I am all alone with no one to comfort me!  When you go, who will there be for me to become a woman with?  This is too much for me to think about.  I must focus on my duty, think of my fated course.”
Zadar looked at Sodasonie, she nodding as if knowing what was on his mind.  Squeezing tight his hold on Aphrodite, he requested, “My Lady, please open your eyes and look at me.”
Slowly Aphrodite opened her eyes, finding herself staring into Zadar’s, responding, “Yes, my Lord, your servant girl.”
“My Lady,” Zadar crooned, “this night, please make a covenant with a Sky Spirit...with me...one that shall bind us for as long as you walk this haunted land.  I shall give you a dream share that will bring us together in spirit and flesh.  In the day, I shall stand at your side giving you strength to carry out the work Iam has set before you.  At night, I shall come to your bed to comfort you.  Your heart will see me, and your flesh will feel my passionate love.  Please, my sister, will you honor me by accepting such a request?”
Aphrodite fell upon Zadar’s neck, wailing joyously, “Do you speak truthfully to me?” She cried, “My heart burns with the desire to be loved by a man.  I miss my husband so much.  Will you really be my ‘Noah’ until I, too, pass away into the world of dreams?”
Zadar hugged Aphrodite.  “I promise never to leave your side.  Together we shall remain, I the spirit who refreshes your heart and soul in the day, and the tender lover who warms your bed in the eve.  You will never feel lonely again.  My word…”
Before Aphrodite could reply, Sodasonie placed a hand on the woman’s shoulder.  “And a cure for your sickness is in the offing this night.  I cannot continue with the medicine until your parting hour.  It, itself, is a poison that will eventually consume you unto death, a very undesirable one at that.  No, tonight you must allow yourself the cure.  So, tonight you will remain by my side and tomorrow you and this fellow will a covenant conclude, with some joyous celebration, might I add.”  She stepped back.  “Long has it been since my brothers and sisters have had reason to celebrate.  I believe a marriage of sorts between Heaven and Earth is good enough reason to have one.”
Aphrodite was beside herself, crying many tears while Zadar tenderly wiped them away.  At length she and Zadar kissed, long and passionately.  When finished, the three retreated back to the caves of Eden, sinking deep into the hidden realms of that inner sanctum.
The day following the celebration of the melding of two hearts from different worlds, Sodasonie departed with most of her people to carry on the lingering war.  A few remained behind to tend to needed business, it being decided to keep Eden activated, just in case.
For over a month, Zadar and Aphrodite lingered, sharing in each other’s love to the full.  And later, after her return to the world of men, when Aphrodite’s heart tired of the passion of the spirit and visions, she and Zadar would retreat again to this secret world to revel in the passion of the flesh.  True to his word, the man never left the woman’s side until her heart grew past the need for him.

*    *    *

 “Look at me!” Cothath shouted above the disgruntled mumbling of many of the elder clansmen.  “I am an old man!  See me now!  One night with that woman and I can see again like a child on the hunt.  My strength has returned like a boy on the run, and… and my manhood has been reborn like a young man in pursuit of a comely maiden.  This is not some trick of our enemy.  This woman truly is Dancing Stones, wife of Dodanim, granddaughter of our Mother Goddess, Aphrodite, mother of all living souls.”
SchroGarthTho stood, pointing accusatively, “The scent of a yearling has your mind confused with truth.  I remember Dancing Stones.  Long ago it was, but I remember her.  She was brought to my village, torn by a cave bear, her leg ripped open from thigh to knee.  This woman is not Dancing Stones, only a child of twenty summers at most!  Oh yes, she speaks like an aged one, but even Dancing Stones was not as youthful back then as this child is now.  I remember, though it be over seventy winters ago.”
EpiphanOida had been sitting silently throughout the morning waiting upon the elders as they debated the fate of their allegiance and to whom it should be given.  Over two days had passed since arriving at Missisaugwah, eastern most city of the Mozerathas.  It had taken those two days to gather the elders from surrounding cities. Now, since early morning, a somewhat heated debate was ensuing regarding just who these two strangers really were.
Oh yes, Javan’s and EpiphanOida’s arrival on the fanged cats roused a great deal of attention, but some of the elders feared the beasts were under a spell cast by the priests of Horus.  EpiphanOida hoped that Cothath’s rejuvenation would be sufficient to convince the clan’s elders who they were and the urgency behind their arrival.  So much she wanted not to use her witching powers or take a chance on revealing the Eden Stones. But the very success of the coming campaign against Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah hinged upon the sons of Madai and Gomer, the Mozerathas being the eastern-most tribe of that confederacy.
She could wait no longer.  Something must be done and now.  Standing and boldly stepping into the middle of the floor beside Cothath, EpiphanOida cried out, “Men… my children, I have tired of your folly!  Oldest of the Daughter Dragons am I except for my grandmother, Aphrodite, Queen Mother to all who live.  I have shared the bed of one of the gods himself, he making me pure and whole again.  And so it is with JavanHoshoni, son of Dodanim, born of RehabAboni, one of your own kindred.  He has been with the Great White Daughter Dragon, herself, chief Sky Spirit and ruler over fire and ice.  She made him young as a lad, and for a purpose it was done.”
Raising her hand toward the sky, she exclaimed, “I am queen of ObebBailSoar, witch of the Temple Owhar, master of the Talking Stones.  There is no time to dally, so I shall reveal secrets to you to prove who we are.  SchroGarthTho, you say you remember me?  Well do I remember you.  Oh yes, for two months, I could not rid myself of your company, you even sleeping snuggled at my breasts at night.  But seven summers you were.  Remember your trying to suckle me when I slept?  You bit me and I slapped your face.”
Several men chuckled aloud.  SchroGarthTho’s face reddened with embarrassment, his jaw dropping in surprise.  EpiphanOida motioned the men silent.  “You were not too brave when thunder clouds filled the night sky, curling up in my arms, seeking protection.”  There was some more laughter.  “You called me ‘Massashoo’, ‘mother of song’, because of the many tunes I would play on the tiny flute I made and gave to you.  Do you remember?  Yes...yes, you do, for I see you still wear it, hanging from your neck.  Do you still play it, the thunder dance tune I taught you to keep the storm demons away from your sleep?”
SchroGarthTho blushed again, smiling as he fondled the wooden flute.  “I play the tune for my children’s children when the rumbling sky drives the sleep from their eyes.”  Stepping up close to EpiphanOida, he stared deeply into the woman’s eyes, taking hold of her hands as he did so.  “Yes!  Yes, those are the same beautiful eyes I remember when I was so small.”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly.  “And I know that you are the man who buried the bones of OdedsoHeido, my sister, after her destruction by the winter wolves.  I see you carry the blade she wore the day she departed my city on her fated journey.”
Reaching to his side, guilt growing on his face, SchroGarthTho confessed, “I did not know who the woman was until many long days after I had found her.  By then I was so fond of the knife, I did not want to give it up to Odedso’s kindred.  I was very young and foolish in those days.  Here, I will surrender it up to its rightful owner now.  Please forgive me for my wickedness.”
EpiphanOida stopped him from removing the knife.  “Keep it, my son.  It has been treated well and I have suffered no harm by its loss.  It is truly a wonderful blade.  Brought through the waters by your father, Noah, it was made by craftsmen in those days and carried by Lamech when he confronted the wicked men of his city who were rebelling against Iam.  Few are the blades today that can boast the power of its metal, the art of its making long forgotten.  May you carry it for your own preservation and long life.”
Javan stood and quickly stepped up beside EpiphanOida, declaring, “Men!  Brothers!  I am JavanHoshoni, son of Dodanim, son of Javan, son of Japheth, son of Noah and Aphrodite, the greatest of witches.  Even now her eyes search our world from hidden caves deep below our feet.  I have just been with her, she sending my sister and me to you people.  And well we should come here, for RehabAboni, my sister-mother was also your kindred of the very blood of Dodanim and Dancing Stones, herself a great Daughter Dragon.”
Waving his hands high, he continued to make declaration.  “Men!  Brothers!  It was by the laying on of the hands of our Queen Mother that I took up the rule of over the House of Dodanim when I was but twenty summers old, my father being struck with a fever while straight of back and strong in arm.  And it was by the sorcery of that witch and her Sky Spirit kindred that we were delivered up safely from the winter wolves to the caves of Eden, the beginning world of all mankind.
“There, brothers, I was touched by Sodasonie Kue Shandii, Female High Warlock, Daughter Dragon of the Mist, Wind, and Fire, Chief over the Mortal Elements, wisest of all of Iam’s loyal children, head over the army of the Sky Spirits.  Sodasonie took me in her arms and made me young again, for I am over one hundred-forty summers in age.  She gave to me dreams of the past, present, and future...dreams that will allow us to twist the Fates into doing our will.”
His voice filled with remorse. “Men of the Mozerathas, it is not without cost to our kindred Sky Spirits that my sister and I are able to stand before you.  Many have I seen bearing the stroke of the axe or the wound of the arrow.  Many I saw delivered to our hidden camp who no longer can sing songs of joy or dirge.  Yes, brothers, the Sky Children, too, surrender up their flesh to bring the teachings of Horus to a finish.  Their women are as brave and courageous as any man.  One woman - I heard her called ‘Rachel’ -  this woman fought on with most horrid wounds, crushed ribs, an arrow piercing her breast, she being cleaved open so that her innards hung out.  Yet this one woman, as she stood beside her companion, piled up heaps of the ungodly rabble before she finally fell to her injuries.  Yes, she still lives, but I know not how.  Strength greater than normal these children must have.”
Javan then began to plead, “Brothers, I cannot abandon my allies who have poured their blood upon the ground for me.  I will not walk away from this contest!  But, my brothers, without your help, I fear my strength and that of our brethren - those of Kittim, Tarshish, Sidon, Atlanticia, and all the house of Dodanim - will not hold back the strength of the armies of Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah and TitanAmactony, not with all the power and might given into their hands by the wizards of Horus.  We must gather the storm to defeat these evil people!  The sons of Madai and Gomer must collect themselves beside us, and then we shall defeat this wicked horde.
“Men, brothers, you must stand this day beside the house of Dodanim, son of Javan, or all the house of Japheth will be swept into the sea or burned up in the mountains!  You are great in the eyes of your brothers to the west.  You must convince them to gather beside us.
“Brothers!” he shouted, “Will you stand beside the men of Iam who have not bent a knee to Hormax?  Will you do what is right in the eyes of the Maker of Heaven and Earth?  Will you prove by declaration that the blood of the Sky Spirits has not been wasted upon some folly?  Will you stand beside me to prove our loyalty to the God of our father, Noah, and put your trust in his deliverance?”
The silence in the room was deafening.  Javan stared first into one face and then another.  He saw expressionless stares returning his.  As the moments passed, the man’s heart began to race with nervous anticipation.  Just as he was preparing to cry out aloud for them to respond, Cothath raised a hand and approached.
Reaching out and gripping Javan’s lower arm, he smiled cautiously, replying, “A porcupine only cries out when it feels caught in a trap, and a rabbit when a net has found it.  Javan, son of Dodanim, you are a most impetuous soul!  It is obvious that you are caught in a trap, but the question is whether the trap is set to capture just you or does the hunter lie in wait for us also?  This is not an easy matter for us to decide when we have not yet concluded the danger we may face, ourselves.  Many there are of old men and women and younglings giving suck in our camp.”
He turned his gaze toward EpiphanOida.  “Dancing Stones, Witch of the Talking Stones, you know our ways.  When war is upon our people, then it must be as one that we shall go, maiden and old man, nursing mother and child.  Anyone with the strength to lift the horn and blade marches forth.  It is our way.  War then, is not to be taken lightly.  If we lose, then all is lost.  If we win, all share in the victory song.”
He turned back to Javan, asking, “Will your women fight this war?  Will they bind their breasts and march beside their men on that terrible day?  Will they cast their children upon the spears of the advancing hordes to check their power so the battle may be won?”
Javan was stunned by the words he heard, but quickly the moment passed, the man answering boldly, “As I live, as Iam resides above the night sky, I swear it!  If you and your people will join with us this day to drive the priests of Horus and the house of AnahNakaNoah off from the face of this Earth, all the women of my household from child to old woman will stand beside me, axe in hand to fight our enemy.  And I shall call out to all the virgins and women giving suck to gather them together to the battle line, we taking the arrow and spear before our brothers here.  As one, we shall all stand the battle line together.  It is my oath to you and all your families from this land to that of the setting sun.”
Cothath squeezed Javan’s arm, looking first toward the ground, pondering, and then turning his gaze toward the older men at the council while replying, “It is time my people spoke words together.  Go, you two, to my house and wait for our reply.  We shall not dally.”
Javan frowned, but before he could speak, EpiphanOida answered Cothath, “It is good!  You are a wise man, and the council is filled with equal wisdom.  We shall go to your house and wait your reply.  You are a most kind host to have given us this hour.  We are thankful for your kindness and wisdom and the trust the Great Daughter Dragon has in you so that she delivered us here to your camp.”
Taking Javan's hand, they both departed the moot.  EpiphanOida understood better than Javan the importance of having the Mozerathas as allies.  She trusted Sodasonie’s wisdom, believing they would not have been sent here on a useless quest.  But still, Iam did not bind his people to the Fates.  Each must choose his own path.  Iam would become the guide once the path was decided upon.
For several hours, the two waited anxiously for word of a decision.  Eventually a runner arrived to return them to the moot around sunset.  When they entered the gathering, Cothath and SchroGarthTho stood along with another man.  They approached Javan and EpiphanOida who waited near the blazing fire in the middle of the Great Moot Hall.
Cothath stopped a few paces away, lifting his hand high toward Javan.  “Brother,” he called, “through words and visions, we have considered this day whether our blood shall mix with that of your kindred upon the holy field of war.  We have seen through our visions, as smoke of the valley weed filled this room, that should we go with you, many of our people will not return to home or hearth but,” he shook his head sadly, “should we refuse this sacrifice, then Iam will not hear us in coming days when all the world will be consumed by fire and ice.”
He stepped up to Javan, speaking with a loud voice, “But this you must do for us so that we will follow you to our destruction.”  Motioning the man standing beside SchroGarthTho to advance, he continued, “NoahBeddago, son of Zorbeddago, son of Hormax and Jemilliah, is chief over the house of LiahBeddago, Children of the Elkhorn.  This man fears treachery if the battle does not go well, he being blood kin to many of our enemies, the high priests of Horus.  You must then act in accordance with his wishes and pass through the blood with his flesh in order to secure a covenant with his people and thus their loyalty.”
Javan lowered his head, answering, “Whatever is the will of this council, I will do up to the point of death or bending a knee to Horus or any man of his.  Those two things I will not do.”
Cothath responded, “Those two things we do not request, but in harmony with your word, these are our demands.  You must carry out the ritual of NussoGamos, the piercing marriage, with a child of Hormax to prove that it is not against the sons of Ham or against the flesh of Hormax that you do go to war, but against the haters of Iam and the false prophets of the Worm.”
Javan bowed low in respect.  “My lords, I shall do as you request.”
Cothath smiled approvingly then turned his attention to EpiphanOida.  “And you, Daughter Dragon and witch of many powers, you must also do for us one thing, according to all the men who sit in this moot.  You must take SchroGarthTho and, as you have done with me, return his powers of might and youth to him.  Then he shall go with you to the great moot that will be in Castle Dodanim.  There he will speak as though with one voice concerning the men of the Mozerathas and their kindred in the western lands.”
EpiphanOida scowled.  Slowly she advanced toward SchroGarthTho until they stood eye to eye, studying his face intently.  At length, the woman spoke up.  “I do not sell myself as a whore for any reason or cause, but I see in this man’s face that it is not for the gratification of the flesh that this request is made.  I will do it because I understand that for him to carry out the purpose of this people, he must again become strong of arm and fleet of foot.  I will do as you have asked.”
Cothath clapped his hands, shouting, “It is done!”  Then turning to Javan, grinning, declared, “First we shall prepare for tonight’s celebration.  The older women shall tend to your bath and the shaving of your flesh while the men prepare your house of covenant.  When the moon has risen high above the eastern peaks, we shall call out for the music and the dance.  It is good to delight in merriment on the day one commits oneself to death.”

*    *    *

Everything passed by in a blur for Javan.  He was soon whisked away by the older women of Missisaugwah and surrounding villages who had traveled to the moot.  Quickly stripped of his clothing, he was then subjected to a steaming bath filled with some kind of pungent tannin that burned as it cleansed, turning the man’s skin a dark, blackened bronze color that eventually faded and peeled somewhat the way a sunburn would do.  During this time, he was thoroughly scrubbed down by dozens of busy hands, every inch of his body being subjected to meticulous, probing fingers.
There was a great deal of laughter when some of that probing caused more than a little reaction to the women’s touches.  Although Javan did not understand much of the dialect, it was obvious to him what the center of conversation was.  Seeing the mischievous expressions on their faces as they chatted and laughed, focusing attention on his aroused ardor was powerful indication to him that it was not by coincidence this had happened.
And so it went through the remaining of the cleansing ritual, the body shave, and finally the rubbing on of the scented oil.  Every hand searched him out, gently working its master’s skill to the point of heightened excitement and then quickly released its bewitching hold until a later moment when another willing set of hands would take to titillating the man’s emotions.  All the while, the women would gaily banter about the men in their camp, acting with astonishment at Javan’s physical prowess in comparison to the other men they had known.
Later, Javan learned that he had experienced the bathing ritual that all the young Mozerathas men went through on their wedding day.  The older women would lavish their attention on the fellow, expressing their delights and wonders concerning his beauty and manly size, building his confidence for the coming celebration of the wedding night.  Also, during this time the older women were fawning over the young man, they would occasionally sneak away to the coming bride, filling the girl’s heart with stories of the fellow’s beauty and mightiness.
Javan little understood all the reasons for this special ritual, but he did see that it was most important to these people and not merely some trivial game of sensual excitement.  Maybe it was done partly to rouse the spirit of these aged women, to excite them for the arms of men whose manly powers were waning.  He thought it might be so to some extent.  It saddened him to think of these old, haggard women, their hearts still so young and alive.  Although he looked like a man of only twenty summers, most of the gentle touches given him came from aged hands of women who were far younger than even his granddaughters.  What a shame that old age was stealing youth so quickly in their latter years.

Dressed in the finest of flaxen and furs, with many gaily-colored bird feathers hanging from his braided hair, Javan waited with NoahBeddago and SchroGarthTho for the moon to crest above the eastern peaks.  Fires in and around the Great Moot Hall flickered in the chill northern breeze, but the cold didn’t matter, for these people were in a festive mood.  Word had spread concerning the coming NussoGamos.
Few living remembered witnessing such an event, one not having occurred since Cothath’s day when he as a very young man sealed a covenant of peace with the SchuuGhonnie Clan, binding the sons of Madai and the sons of Elishah - the brother of Dodanim, Tarshish, and Kittim - into a guarded confederacy with the house of Javan the Elder.  Now the grandson of Javan the Elder stood before this same moot hall to seal another important covenant between his people and the children of his most hated enemy, Hormax.
As the time drew close, grounds around the Great Moot Hall filled with the excited and curious.  Hundreds of eyes watched the three men as they waited to be summoned into the hall.  There was a steady beat of drums and shouting chants as smoke drifted up through a hole in the center of the four-cornered roof, the north breeze catching it and driving it ever southward, calling out in portent, ‘This way!  This way you shall all march unto death or reward, when this night is finished.  To life or destruction does this night seal.’
The musical chanting grew in intensity until just before reaching a crescendo, suddenly stopping as if a giant hand had extinguished all life and breath in and around the moot hall.  An eerie silence filled Javan’s ears, only the chill breeze reminding him that he had not gone deaf.  In his many years of life, the man had never witnessed such an event of united ritual in celebration.  EpiphanOida had spoken about these festivals long ago when he was her young lover, telling him a history of the children of Noah. But to witness it firsthand was profound, beyond her descriptions.
After long moments had passed, the heavy skins covering the doorway into the Great Moot Hall were pulled aside and Cothath, dressed in his finest of chiefly apparel, stepped from the opening, motioning the men forward and over the wide oaken threshold and onto the polished clay floor of the building.
Javan was taken completely by surprise.  There, in front of the blazing fire, soaked, glistening with sweat, stood EpiphanOida, her only raiment her thigh-length flaming red hair and a beautiful turquoise necklace.  Held in spread hands high above the woman’s head was a crooked staff bent somewhat in the shape of a serpent.  Her breathing was labored as she stood motionless, the glassy stare of her eyes focused upward toward the opening in the roof.  For those many hours of musical chant, the woman had danced around the blaze, all the while breathing in the intoxicating smoke from the valley weed that hung heavy upon the stifling air.
“Come!” Cothath called to Javan in the tongue of the Eastern trader, it being a common dialect for travelers and sojourners.  “Come and I shall speak to you of the NussoGamos and from where it does come to this people.”
Javan and his companions were led into the center of the moot hall to sit near the circular hearth surrounding the crackling fire.  EpiphanOida then came forward with the serpent staff, quickly stopping before each of the three men, calling out in some mystical language as she waved the head of the staff to and fro in front of the face of each one.  When finished, she retreated to a spot across from them and settled down cross-legged upon the floor, resting the staff upright in front of her.
Slowly, Cothath made his way to the center of the room.  Then, when he was standing directly in front of Javan and the others, he spoke.
“Long ago, when the world of this age was young and full of excitement, some of the sons of Tubal and Magog journeyed far to the east, across many waters to a land possessed by the black goddess daughters of Cush, in a land many days’ march up the Serpent River beyond Egypt and the Blue Sea, high above the thundering waters of the river.  There the men found the beauties of legend and myth.  There, the men of Tubal and Magog married the onyx enchantresses of Cush and settled down to live for many generations.
“In the straits of time, many of the older men who had traveled far from home began to long for their former lives.  So, with their wives and their sons and their wives, to the fourth generation, they gathered themselves up and gradually returned to the land of their birth, settling in these haunted lands below the Ice Mountains.
“Well, upon seeing these black-skinned people so numerous among the sons of Japheth, the men of the houses of Madai and Gomer stood up against them, demanding they leave this land because to Ham it was not given and no tribe of their kind should possess an inheritance in Japheth’s land.
“The men of Tubal and Magog who had taken wives from the house of Cush and Horus refused to listen to their demands, but called upon their brothers toward the east to come to their aid and protect them from the threats from the west.  Upon hearing this, HazzelGomer, the grandson of Gomer, rose up and entered the camp of the men of Tubal and Magog” Cothath swept his arm around in a wide circle, “and smote FazathTaval on this very spot where I am standing.  The son of FazathTaval, hearing the commotion, gathered up an axe and chased HazzelGomer from the camp, cleaving his right hand from him as he took to flight.  At that, all the tribes gathered themselves together in the hills just beyond the twin peaks to do battle against one another.
“It was on the third day of the encounter, while the remnants of the armies were joining to their ranks that a blinding light appeared in the sky just above and between the two camps.  When the light faded away, why there standing between the two armies were our Lord Noah, father of all, and our Mother Goddess, herself, their eyes fiery flames and filled with anger.
“Our father Noah, in his rage, lifted up a serpentine staff in his hands and called down a curse upon his own children, crying for fire to consume all the earth.  All the sons of men from old man to little boy, upon hearing the oaths and curses, fell down upon their knees, pleading for mercy.  Noah would not hear of it.
“And then stepping out from among the people, one of the great Daughter Dragons, granddaughter of our Mother Goddess, called out to her grandfather for mercy and to have a word.  But our father, Lord Noah, would have none of that, saying he had sworn an oath and it should not fail or all mankind should forget they are brothers and slaughter one another.
“It was then that the Daughter Dragon stood boldly against the Father Lord and called out toward the heavens in words both strange and chilling to the ears of those hearing them.  And from the crowds of those gathered there came a chorus answering her cries in words also as strange and chilling.  At once, a multitude of women dressed only in the ornamentation of their crowning hair and with necklaces of shimmering, blue stones stepped out upon the battle plain in front of the armies.
“The woman now bowed low to honor Father Noah and our Mother Goddess, beseeching them to listen, for she spoke with determination and conviction.  ‘Then shall all the Daughter Dragons of Iam pass away this day.  We will not leave this people who do not know their right hand from their left to be wiped from off the surface of the Earth to the glory of the Worm who has put this evil into the hearts of foolish men.  As one, we will live or die with them!’
“And Father Noah cried out in despair, ‘Oh precious daughter of mine, I have sworn an oath to Iam that this should happen!  How can I recant such a thing and be listened to again in the camps and councils?’ 
“So the Daughter Dragon answered, ‘Please, just this once, listen please.  Allow your slave child to call out to Iam by way of the council fire.  There I shall dance with song and chant for Iam to listen to my voice for mercy on this foolish people.  If he should hear my voice and answer me, then you will have been released from your vow.  If he does not listen and speak to me by the high of tonight’s moon, then I and my sisters shall abandon these people to the will of Iam and your word.’  And the words were good to the ears of Father Noah, so that he listened to his child and waited upon the night.
“So the people all gathered here, to this very spot where FazathTaval was smote, and a circle of giant, flat stones was constructed upon which a great fire of oak, ash and pine was built.  From the setting of the sun until the moon rose high above the twin peaks, the Daughter Dragon danced and cried out to Iam for deliverance of the people.  Until bloody sweat dripped from her flesh, she danced, her sisters and the chieftains of all the council houses calling out with grieving songs while throwing dust into the air and rolling in the dirt.”
Excitedly, Cothath pointed toward the hole in the roof.  “And when the moon reached its height, a sudden rush of wind fell from the sky, and amidst great, thundering noises and blinding lightning, the twirling wind gathered up the blaze, sending it ever heavenward.
“Just as quickly as it began, the storm passed by and a deathly quiet entered the camp.  And in the darkness of the moonlight, footsteps of someone walking about the camp could be heard.  Then a voice, calm and chilling called out, ‘Listen to the wisdom of the one dancing upon the stones, for she has saved you this day.’
“Then this woman…” he pointed toward EpiphanOida, “let out with a mournful cry and collapsed to the ground as if dead.  At the end of three days, she awoke and spoke many words Iam had given her to speak.  And the people listened to the voice of Dancing Stones so that the oath of Father Noah was lifted from off them, and the peace of Iam filled the land down to this very day.
“The Daughter Dragon, Dancing Stones, told us to bring forth the son of FazathTaval and the virgin daughter of HazzelGomer to perform NussoGamos.  So it is that the people of the Mozerathas came to be, when Mozera and TeHas married and became one people.  We, the ‘blood children’ of Mozera, son of FazathTaval, child of Cush and TeHas, daughter of HazzelGomer, child of Gomer...we, the children of the NussoGamos, have not forgotten the mercy of the Great Sky Spirit, Iam.  We have come together on occasion to practice the NussoGamos so that our oath will continue between the Great Sky Spirit and the Mozerathas.”
Pointing at the walls of the Great Moot Hall, Cothath explained, “The children of Mozera and TeHas, the Mozerathas, raised this temple over the circle of stones, and then the children of Missisaugwah built all around it many houses until there grew here a great city of the Mozerathas.  To this place do come all the chieftains of our people to gather in peace and council.  In this moot hall, may no man be harmed.  Even should the wicked man enter here will his soul be preserved as long as he remains behind these walls.”
Raising his hands high and singing out in musical laughter, Cothath shouted, “Tonight our people renew the oath of peace with the Great Sky Spirit and our Father Noah.  Tonight the blood of nations will bind together as one nation so that the Great Iam will listen to our songs and pleas for protection and victory over the Wicked Worm and his horde!”
Instantly, the people broke out singing as drums and fifes added to the joyous tumult of the occasion.  Cothath motioned the three men to stand, EpiphanOida following suit, holding the serpentine staff out in front of her.  The five then approached the fire together.  All noise suddenly stopped as quickly as it had begun.
While they stood there, another person stepped into the firelight from the shadows in the far corner of the room.  A woman, brown-skinned with twinkling blue eyes nervously approached, carrying a piece of white, finely embroidered cloth in her two opened hands.  Javan judged the woman to be less than thirty summers.  She was with child, about three months, but still nursing a little one, for her bare breasts were swollen with milk and leaking.
Cothath extended his arm toward her, palm out, signaling her to stop.  “Why do you enter here?  Explain yourself.”
The woman bowed her head, lifting the cloth with both hands, and cried aloud, “My Lord, I bring the Mantle of Testimony so that I may have proof this man has been true to my daughter, and she is true to us all.”
Cothath replied, questioning the crowd while eyeing the woman, “Who is this woman so that I should believe her words, and who will attest that her daughter is truly a virgin up to this night?”
SchroGarthTho stepped forward, raising his right hand in an oath.  “The woman’s name was LiahBeddago, daughter child of my middle years, her name changed this night by Dancing Stones to ‘Zambiadoo’.  Her daughter is SauPauwaUdae, the first child opening her womb.  The child is true, a virgin, as the older women-wives of the chieftains here tonight can attest to.”
Cothath called out with a commanding voice, asking, “Do the older women say this is so?”
Many voices in unison called back in answer, “A virgin she is, as the faithful women of the camp do attest to.”
Motioning for them to come, Cothath called back, “Bring the child so that we all may see the one who saves the souls of many through the covenant of the NussoGamos.”
Silently, from the shadows, a procession of older women entered the light of the fire.  In the middle of the group there walked a young woman-child, her bronze-toned skin glistening with an oiled sheen in the golden blaze.  The child was dressed in the same manner as EpiphanOida other than her tresses were woven into two long braids adorned at their crown with a headband of three fingers’ width.
Javan was surprised by the youthful appearance of the woman-child.  Although it was common for people to marry at young ages, this child looked not to be of twelve years, if she was eleven.  He did not want to rob a child from its mother’s arms.  What was he to do?  He looked over at EpiphanOida.  She said nothing.  It took Cothath to put his mind at ease.  The procession split when it entered the center, half going around the fire to the right, the other half to the left.  The woman-child did not come, refusing to pass around the blazing light.  Cothath called out for her to approach.
She refused, speaking out boldly in her woman-child voice, “I shall not come forth as a servant is summoned before its master.  A free woman I am.  The man who is to share my bed must prove himself humble before me and all these witnesses.”
In a voice sounding surprised and concerned, Cothath asked, “Who is the woman that should act so boldly before all this crowd and make a kingly person act as servant to you?  Who are you?”
The girl’s reply was clear, showing no hint of fear.  “Born I was SauPauwaUdae, but today I have become ‘Noahashonie, daughter of the Dragon-maker and Bringer of Peace’.  I am a free woman and will not bend a knee to any man or demon!  Shall that kingly person want my bed, he must prove himself and come to me.  He must circle the fire three times in search of me and then he must deliver Noahashonie up to the Daughter Dragon so that she may perform the sacred due of the NussoGamos.”
This was totally unexpected, Javan having been told some generalities of tonight’s events, but no details.  First, the person being a maiden, which he had expected, turned out to be little more than a child.  Second, being called to humbly search her out, never had the man observed such a practice!  Afterward was he told that it was part only of the NussoGamos and not at all done at any other formal celebration.  It was done to show that both sides shared a common interest and that this ‘marriage of the blood’ was of equal value to all involved.
Cothath called out again as though he had not heard the girl’s reply.  She answered him as before.  Javan chanced a glance at EpiphanOida.  She offered no solution as to whether this was part of the ritual or not.  Fearing the worst should he hesitate longer, Javan spoke out saying he would do as Noahashonie demanded.
For three times, the man slowly made his way to the right around the center blaze, each of the first two times the girl hiding her face with her hands so that she could not see him.  On his third time finishing the circle, she called out to him with outstretched arms.  Stopping, he was abruptly ordered to take her to the head man, she taking his hand to be led safely there.
This time Javan was required to make his way around the fire to the left three times, returning the way he had come.  At the end of their third circling of the fire, they were met by Cothath and EpiphanOida, the two other men and the older women who had delivered the child to the fire standing behind them.
Cothath raised his hand, questioning the girl.  “Tell us truthfully, who speaks for you and why have you come?”
The girl stood proud, answering,  “A child, SauPauwaUdae, was waked from a dream - a dream where a woman with golden hair and laughing, green eyes spoke with SauPauwaUdae, telling her many happy and sad tales of long ago days, this day, and future days.  She asked me to help her for she had a very important task for me.  I had said, ‘Yes, my Beautiful One.  Who are you?’
“The woman did not say, but instead said to me, ‘No more will you be called ‘SauPauwaUdae’, but ‘Noahashonie’ will be your name now,’ telling me what it meant.  She also told me that if I would go to the stranger with dark, wavy hair, he would make my belly fat with child, the last of Iam’s Daughter Dragons, Mother Warlock to many nations of powerful men.  Then the woman instantly disappeared and I awoke to find the Daughter Dragon, Dancing Stones, sitting beside me, stroking my face.”
Her voice changed, filled with power.  “Noahashonie speaks for me, and Dancing Stones is my witness.  Daughter Dragons answer to no man or demon!  We are of the goddesses among men.  Noahashonie speaks for me.  I am Noahashonie, daughter of the Dragon-maker and Bringer of Peace!”
Cothath smiled, replying, “I do know for a fact that you are the chosen one to deliver our people into peace, for only can a Daughter Dragon see the face of the Great Mother Goddess who hides in the Whispering Waters.  Now I do know that Iam is pleased with this covenant.  Come, Noahashonie, Daughter Dragon and Bringer of Peace, come to your sister Daughter Dragon with your man and we shall celebrate the NussoGamos.”
EpiphanOida stepped close to the fire, the light of the blaze flickering across her sweaty skin.  She called the gathering of people to come to her, Cothath standing to her left, Javan directly in front of her with Noahashonie beside him on his left.  Zambiadoo, the girl’s mother, stood to her daughter’s side between the girl and EpiphanOida, holding the Mantle of Testimony flat in her two opened hands.  The older women, along with NoahBeddago and SchroGarthTho, gathered around so that they could all watch this part of the ceremony.
“Remove you robe,” EpiphanOida commanded Javan.
Javan did not understand why, but he humbly obeyed.
EpiphanOida then issued another command for Javan.  “Now remove your flaxen garments and stand as one with the woman who has chosen you for a husband.”
The look in EpiphanOida’s eyes told Javan to obey without complaint.  He quickly complied, SchroGarthTho taking them to keep for him.
She then commanded both Javan and Noahashonie, “Stick out your tongues to receive the serpent’s kiss.”
Javan obeyed, watching as EpiphanOida raised the serpentine staff she held to his face.  In the firelight, he could see two very sharp, fang-like appendages in what appeared as an opened mouth on the head of the staff.  EpiphanOida thrust the mouth against his tongue and quickly did the same to Noahashonie.
What was at first a slight stinging sensation became violently hot upon Javan’s tongue and then a dizzying warmth racing through him from head to toe.  He looked first at EpiphanOida who motioned him to look at Noahashonie.  The girl was reacting very much the same way as he was but more so, her smaller stature and youth taking to the drug more quickly.  And then blood began to ooze from the fanged wounds.  It trickled past Javan’s and Noahashonie’s lips onto their chins.
EpiphanOida waved the serpent staff to and fro in front of the two people, commanding, “Mix your blood in a serpent’s kiss so that your blood may become one with each other.”
Javan complied, slipping his tongue into Noahashonie’s mouth.  There was a sudden heated rush of sensual excitement that raced through the man’s body, not noticing that the girl’s womanly ardor awakened and was set aglow by this act.  Instantly the drums began pounding out a rhythm that was quickly picked up by chanting that filled the room.  EpiphanOida then commanded that Javan face her.
As his drug-induced stupor increased, Javan could little tell whether he was really witnessing or imagining the following events.  EpiphanOida called Zambiadoo to bring near the Mantle of Testimony and hold it under Javan’s erect male member.  She then dipped the head of the serpent staff into a tiny wooden bowl and, after removing it, waved it to and fro above the man’s erection.  Then, after supporting his erect manliness in her one hand, she took the head of the staff and thrust it first against the top and then on each side of the head of his male member.
Javan at first felt a painful stinging.  He looked down to see several droplets of blood fall upon the mantle and then a hardening of his erection the likes of which he had only recalled when in the arms of Sodasonie.  Zambiadoo handed the mantle, opened, to her daughter, Noahashonie.
Javan then heard EpiphanOida order him, “Now take your bride and finish the NussoGamos celebration.  Mix your blood with that of her virginity so that the souls of all these people will be bound up with yours.  And the blood of this celebration shall be given to the girl’s people for a testimony of peace between you.”
At that, the aged women took hold of Javan and Noahashonie, guiding them past the fire and into the shadows of a distant corner where there was a rectangular booth made of birch bark.  Both entered while the older women gathered around the outside of the booth, poking small holes through the bark to quietly watch the following events, serving as witnesses to the ceremony.
As soon as the two were inside the little booth, drumbeats and chanting stopped, filling the room with silence.  All waited for signs that the NussoGamos was come to a completion.  First there were no sounds, and then there were the joyous but somewhat painful cries of a young woman as she experienced her first interlude with a man, surrendering her virginity up to his manly power.
Javan remembered little of that night.  He had tried to be loving and tender, considering the needs of the girl in his charge.  Still he feared some lack of gentleness on his part, the drugs acting powerfully on his emotions.  He did remember the explosive, climactic rush that swept over him and his loud cries of release mixed with that of Noahashonie’s as he thrust his passion upon her in those heated moments.  Instantly, at the sound of his final cry, he fell upon the young woman’s breasts, dead asleep.
Noahashonie did not remember Javan falling asleep atop her, drifting into a world of blackness in the middle of his frantic passion.  For her, the night was filled with wonderful dreams, the green-eyed woman returning and singing lovely songs as they both wandered into strange worlds of beautiful lights and colors.  She recalled no more until waking up to find her lover sleeping soundly, still in the same position, his manliness still erect within her, the drugs given by EpiphanOida keeping him in that state until far into the next day.
Finally, when the darkness of the following night crept across the evening sky, Noahashonie returned to her parents’ house for a private parting celebration and to gather up a few personal belongings she was to take when leaving in the coming days.  The girl, now a married woman, gave to her mother the Mantle of Testimony, her virgin blood mixed with that of her husband.  In two days she would go from this land, never to see it again.
With fondness, Noahashonie long remembered that night.  Oh yes, as she told the tales to her children and then her grandchildren, she would laugh when speaking about how sore she was for many days following, and did not come close to have relations with her husband until she no longer hurt.  But she always bragged how wise her choice had been.  Javan was a good man, most caring and gentle.  Only with fond words did the mother of the last of the Daughter Dragons speak of the man who was her first and dearest love.

*    *    *

A noisy clatter was followed by a relieved sigh as Noahashonie threw down her bundle of broken branches and tree limbs.  She smiled at EpiphanOida, boasting, “It is finished!”  
The woman was busy pressing the last of the sweet dough into a large copper pan, bear fat already popping and sizzling from the crackling fire.  “Thank you, Dear One,” she answered, not taking her eyes off the work at hand.  “You’re quite the brave young woman, you are, wandering off into those dark woods without a companion to protect you.  Not safe, you know, not with the heavy winter we had.  Animals are still hungry from their long fasting.  You’d make a tasty morsel for a famished wolf pack.”
Noahashonie grinned, shaking her head.  “No wolves within a morning’s march.  No cats, bears, or any of those other beasties out there.  They heard SchroGarthTho’s song this last eve, warning them of the approaching gods and that they were to flee from before us.  I listened to them leave, feeling their spirits slink into the wilderness as darkness enveloped us.  This morning my heart found them all gone, so I decided it was safe to gather these wood stuffs without asking assistance.”
After placing the pan back onto the blaze, EpiphanOida looked up and into the face of this woman-child and nodded with understanding.  “You’re still a very brave person.  I carried many scars for doing less foolish things.  Though my body was rebuilt not many days ago, curing my wounds, my left breast still pains my dreams, it being nearly torn off by a hungry wolf that overwhelmed me when gathering wood on a day little different from this one.  And an innocent encounter with a cave bear on such a spring day as this destined me to the camp of your people.”
Noahashonie laughed, “Then I thank Iam for the cave bear.  As for today’s dangers, like I say, the spirit of my people has sent them away.  What’s more, I feel in my bones that our great chief, Cothath, has called out to the mountains for assistance.  The men of the west will not join us in war alone.  I feel it.”
Looking with curiosity at Noahashonie, EpiphanOida pondered this girl and her people.  There had always been something so strange about them.  The children of the daughters of Cush and the sons of Magog were uncanny in their animal nature, and the children with Hormax’ blood added even more so.
Noahashonie was a daughter of almost pure blood, a direct descendant through her mother of FazathTaval and HazzelGomer, and through the practice of brother and sister marriage, retained that bloodline.  Later, with the marriage of her mother, LiahBeddago...the woman’s name changed to Zambiadoo by EpiphanOida during the celebration of the NussoGamos...and father, NoahBeddago, a direct descendant, through brother and sister marriage of Hormax, Noahashonie was of a true daughter of the Elkhorn.
EpiphanOida agreed, cautioning, “Your scent of the wild is strong, young woman, but I must warn you, distraction may cause you to misread the world around you.  You are very new to life and have many things to learn.  Please allow this aged woman,” she pointed at herself, “to educate you in the ways of the wild.  Then you, with your uncanny spirit, will practice your magic with great wisdom.”
Noahashonie grinned, then walking around behind EpiphanOida, leaned over and wrapped her arms about the woman, cooing in EpiphanOida’s ear, “You are the most wonderful of people!  I will listen carefully and learn my lessons well.  You’ll see.  I’ll be the best pupil you have ever taught.  I wish to become a great Daughter Dragon like you.”
EpiphanOida let go of the pan and turning, rose to face the girl.  Taking her by the shoulders as she looked down into two sparkling, brown eyes peering up at her, she replied, “You’ll do quite well, I believe.  Iam has chosen well.  I will teach you all that I know in what little time there is for us to share the firelight.  You are a woman now and the bed of your king is your nest when he requests it, but…” she paused as if remembering familiar echoes from a long ago past, “but when he has not sought your company, then in my arms you are welcome to rest.”
Pressing EpiphanOida close with a big hug, Noahashonie rested the side of her head on the woman’s breasts.  “Mama!  I shall call you ‘Mama’ because I love you.  You will teach me many things and I will listen and learn.  Teach me, please, how to be a good wife for my husband, how to make him want my bed like he wants yours.  Teach me how to be a good mother, for I will want to be a good mother some day.”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly, knowing how quickly the world was changing.  Squeezing the girl tight, she answered, “I will teach you everything I know that you must learn.  I will teach you how your man desires to be loved.  He will be very fond of you.”  She let go of Noahashonie and asked if she would assist her.  Soon the two were busily lost in carefree chatter as they went on readying the meal.

Across the encampment, near a stand of ancient pines, Javan and SchroGarthTho tended the animals.  His mount, KiiCue, and EpiphanOida’s, AdaBonie, were stretched out on the grass, resting after a meal of red deer.  The animal had not been huge that Javan killed, but it satisfied their needs.  The two cats were much like mountain bears when it came to food - roots, grubs, shrubs, whatever, but meat was their favorite.  Javan made them happily content.
SchroGarthTho was seeing to the needs of his and four other mounts, camel-like, small and surefooted.  Javan was surprised to see how well they kept up on the hard ride south.  True, they were not as swift as the toothed cats, but they needed no rest for hours on end, so it had worked out well for them.  With Noahashonie taking turns switching rides, Javan and EpiphanOida would hurry the cats forward and after a while stop and rest them.  SchroGarthTho and his two companions, along with the two pack animals, would catch up in a bit and take a short break.  Soon they would repeat the process.
Javan stood up after patting KiiCue’s thick, furry neck.  He looked south, commenting to SchroGarthTho, “Tomorrow we will cross the Ice River at Paris.  That is the end of the frontier.  We can pick up needed supplies.  From there, we will have roads and bridges to hurry us along on our journey.  In three more days, we should be arrived at Castle Dodanim, one day before the War Council’s great moot.”
SchroGarthTho watched the two women at the fire while listening to Javan, finally replying, “She made me feel young again, like a man of thirty summers.  No more do I ache in the chill of the morning.  Great is the magic of this Daughter Dragon witch of the Eastern Mountains.”  He turned to Javan, frowning.  “The woman showed me many troubling things, dark and evil.  I do not believe we will win this war, for I saw in my dreams ruins heaped upon ruins with no man or beast walking about in the choking mist.  If Iam truly is with us, then why do I see such a terrible future?”
Javan gripped SchroGarthTho’s upper arm, answering, “My friend, we shall win this coming war, but…but we will lose the future peace.  Already the shadow of Hormax creeps ever onward.  It is unstoppable, that is until in the final day when Iam’s seed will bring the Evil Serpent to nothing.  This coming war will not destroy the machinations of Hormax, only check their hand.  What we win in the end is far grander than the destruction of Hormax’ house or even a lasting peace with a return to our homes and lands.”
“How do you speak then?”  SchroGarthTho asked, bewildered.
Javan smiled, “We are the children of Japheth.  I have seen in my dreams with the greatest of all Daughter Dragons, Sodasonie, that the Evil Serpent is bent on our destruction and enslavement, selecting a few of our kind to breed into monsters that will conquer first this world and then go with him into the worlds above to battle with Iam.  When he has succeeded, in his hatred for our father, Japheth, he will bring all his seed to eternal ruin.  So, my friend, what you and your people and I and my people do is to save our race from such a terrible fate.
“And…and we are also saving our children from the wrath of Iam, something that will soon come upon this whole world.  If we do not win this war then it will come before the people are ready to make escape and live.  We will buy time for our children to survive the fire and choking mist that will engulf this world, where mountains will melt and seas will rise.  Think about it… Iam has placed in our hands the ability to save our children, and…”
“And what?  And what?” SchroGarthTho pleaded, “Do not keep an old man in anxious suspense!”
Grinning, Javan answered,  “And, it has been promised to me by the same Great Daughter Dragon that should we faithfully stand up against this advancing horde and do the will of Iam to the full, our children will one day return to this land, living off its fatness for one hundred generations with peace all around.”

*    *    *

Section 27

With Blood We Prove Ourselves

The man did not feel the warm evening breeze drifting across the sandy desert from the river off to the east nor did he notice the shimmering moonlight as it danced upon oceans of flooded farm fields stretching off into the distance as far as the eye could see.  This coming year looked to be very good for a rich harvest, but tonight the man thought little of it.  He hurried along, confused, concerned and timid, afraid of what awaited him in the growing darkness.
First there had been those troubling dreams and then the inability of his trusted, magic-practicing priests and wise men to offer him a satisfactory explanation of what the dreams portended.  To make matters worse, it took a Hebrew, a slave in the prison hole for committing a heinous crime no less, to interpret his dreams.  Later, just after the dinner hour, when he was relaxing in his inner garden, pondering the day’s events with consideration being given as to what to do, a voice inside his head ordered him to come alone to this deserted place when the moon rose over the eastern sky.
At length, the man came to a rise overlooking vast ruins far to the west.  He squinted, seeing what appeared to be a flickering light beyond the shadows of some distant, crumbling walls.  A chill ran up his spine.  Was this a trap?  Were men lying in wait for him?  Had the gods selected him for some uncanny sacrifice or torture?  It wasn’t unheard of, at least according to priests.  With growing trepidation, the man slowly made his way down the sandy slope in the direction of where the light was coming from.
The moon was waxing at its height when TitanAmactony reached the ruins of the ‘ancient fortress wall’.  At least that was what some called it.  Tales were told that it was built long before the world was plunged into flood and destruction, built in an age when the gods themselves roved about within the earth.  At least that was the account told to him by the head priests of Horus, the chief ones over that house and direct descendants of Hormax, himself.
Passing through what looked to be the remains of a gateway, the man spied a crackling blaze about forty paces away, its firelight casting a glow upon a mound of broken stones in the center of what appeared to have been a plaza or gathering place at one time.  As he stared at the flames, he noticed there was a woman sitting cross-legged on the other side of the fire, focusing on the pile of stones, not noticing his approach.
Nearing the fire, the man suddenly let out a fearful cry.  The woman was not sitting near the blaze but in the middle of it!  Instantly the woman’s head turned toward the intruder, she calling out in disdain, “So the murderer of CheoChofie does dare to come alone to my lair!” and she began to laugh derisively at him.
The man fell to his knees, begging, “Oh Mother Goddess of all living things, forgive your slave and let him live, please!”
The woman stood, pointing an accusing finger, demanding, “Oh shut up, TitanAmactony, slave dog of AnahNakaNoah, pharaoh-king over Greater RaamahBarSabteca!  I will not forgive you for the murder of CheoChofie, a favorite child of mine, great grandson of Shem, my son, a good, honest man.  Your taking of this land in revolt, I can understand.  It’s in the blood of your kind.  But to gather the house of CheoChofie, his sons and daughters, and slaughter them upon the rock at the feet of the great stone beast-man and then to take his wives for yourself?  That is something I cannot forgive!”
The woman sadly shrugged, looking away.  “But it is not my will that brings me here.  Iam has forgiven you, at least to the preserving of you alive.  I am here to do Iam’s will, so you will live to see another day.”  She stared back at TitanAmactony, her eyes betraying more dismay and anger than disgust and hatred.  For but a moment, her heart reflected on happier, carefree days so long ago.  The world was new and fresh then.  Surely her and Noah’s children could make a better start of it in this cleansed land.  Well, so much for foolish dreams.  “Get up and come to me!” Aphrodite demanded.
TitanAmactony was leaned back, erect, on his knees, too fearful to understand the commands being given.
“Stand up, you!” Aphrodite shouted.  “If I chose you dead, there would be no giving of counsel tonight.  I would not have wasted my time with you as I already have.  The hour is short and I have many things to teach you.  If you listen and learn… which I doubt you will do… anyway, I just might find a place in my heart not to call down a curse of leprosy upon you and your household…something you rightfully deserve.”
Terrified, TitanAmactony slowly stood, shaking, crying for mercy.  “Please!  Please forgive me, for I have sinned a great sin.  I acted with a twisted heart, one filled with selfish desire and a wish to make the man suffer as my kindred had suffered at his hand.”
Anger rose in Aphrodite’s retort.  “It was I who struck down Inanna, your mother, and Ashtoreth the wife of your uncle, BaalBeor, their stinking fornications and evil, witching ways ascending far into the heavens!  They betrayed the order of the Daughter Dragons and used their powers to build up the mightiness of Horus.  Their incantations and worship of your forebear, Nimrod, their turning to child sacrifice, and their betrayal of all that is good brought about their demise.   I slaughtered them on this very spot as they prepared to burn your younger brother in sacrifice to their deities upon this filthy altar.”
She pointed a finger toward herself, shaking it.  “I brought them down to ruin by my own hand!  CheoChofie did not lift a finger against any of your kind, but sent them away from this land, telling those surviving to never return.  Now your actions against CheoChofie and his household have brought ostracism upon you and your house for murdering an innocent man…a man tender in compassion when he should have been bold like me and put an end to his problems for good as I did.”
TitanAmactony was stunned speechless.  Aphrodite turned away, knowing that her outburst had less to do with the man’s evil actions than other, troubling memories.  After all, the actions of most of the people of this age were evil. Hormax had seen to that.  Holding back tears, she stared up at the broken altar of stones.
Finally, in a calmer voice, Aphrodite explained, “Do you see these stones?  Have you heard the tales of what this place once was?”  She waited for no reply.  “I remember.  I was here when this was a city vast in size, when the gods of Heaven walked as men upon this Earth.  ‘MusolEgypt’ as it was called, stretched far in every direction from this place.  This now ruined building was the Great Temple of Iam, or so the evil gods of the day declared it to be.  They forced the people to worship Iam with blood and rape, with fire and mutilation.  It was to this very spot that my father delivered me up in his hatred for me because I refused to bend a knee to Samyaza, the chief god and magistrate over the land in which we lived, to be raped and bled upon this very altar and then burned while still alive for my rebellion against the sons of God.”
Placing her hands on her hips and looking over at TitanAmactony, she smiled.  “Well, I was not violated or bled, and when they threw me into the roaring blaze, the men carrying me died while still standing and fell into the flames.  My bonds melted from off my hands and feet, and I stood up in the fire, my clothing turning to ashes.  And I walked a free woman-child from the flames and past the crowd, all those watching me falling back in fear, for they could see the wrath of Iam in my eyes.”
The woman slumped and sighed, “All that was so long ago.  I have seen too much wickedness.  I, alone, stand in this world, remembering those days so long ago.  My son’s wife…Shem’s wife, Ambrosia, is gone now these twenty years, being the last of my kind to have seen the world as it was back then.”
TitanAmactony knew not what to do.  He stood there so dumbstruck by the revelations of this most ancient one so stunning in majesty, he could not comprehend matters.  Here was the mother of all people living.  She was his mother, too.  Here was the witch-enchantress he had been told tales of when sitting around campfires on darkening nights.  The moment was almost overwhelming.
Aphrodite did not linger in the past.  There was business yet to conduct.  “Now as for you, many are the evil deeds your hands have committed against innocent people and, for that, Iam has allowed me to seek vengeance for those evil deeds.  In your case, I know that the sons of Hormax have polluted your mind with cunning words and simple tricks.  You must listen and learn if you are to escape the retribution coming upon your evil works.”
Titan was very confused, confessing, “Mother-goddess of men, I do not know a thing, my mind being in great tumult, but this I do say for I have seen with my eyes.  The priests of Hormax - Horus - hold great power over man and beast to the point of even controlling the elements.  True, they did offer me great wealth and glory if I should bend a knee to that god, but the magic they presented and the warnings they gave should I fail them…well, yes, my desire for glory has clouded my heart, but should I have revolted against them, then their wrath against me would have been complete!”
“Piss on their wrath!” Aphrodite fumed. “The day will soon come when every man of Hormax’ house who stands against Iam will be little more than a meal for the carrion birds.  I do swear that in not so many years, there will come a devastation of all the works of Hormax, and all his tricks and incantations shall melt away into the darkness, awaiting the final hour of this world.”
Titan attempted to argue the power of the priests of Horus.  Aphrodite would have none of it.  “Take my hand” she demanded, “and step into the fire with me!”
Titan cried out he could not.
“Take it!” Aphrodite shouted, extending it toward him.
Hesitantly he reached out to take her hand, fear of being burned growing in his eyes.  Suddenly, he let out a gasp.  His hand had passed right through the woman’s.
Aphrodite laughed, “See?  A trick is what I have played on you, but it is so real, isn’t it?”  The woman standing in the fire gradually faded away, leaving TitanAmactony standing alone and in dread.
“A spirit!” he cried, falling down on his knees.  “An apparition of the Mother-goddess!  May…”
“A trick!” a voice called out from the shadows, “A mere trick done with the magic machines made by men in the world that came before.”
Titan looked up to see Aphrodite walking into the firelight, carrying some strange-looking object in her hands.  She offered a sly grin, holding up the contraption.  “Smoke and mirrors!  Tricks to bind the weak-minded and uneducated…that is how the priests of the Shit-worm capture the people into slavery!  Now watch and see the magic of men, and learn to understand their tricks.”  At that, Aphrodite pointed the box at Titan and moved her fingers along its sides.  Suddenly it began to make a quiet, humming sound.  “Look into the flames!” she ordered.
Lifting his eyes toward the fire, Titan let out another cry.  Why, there he was, seeing himself upon his knees in the middle of the inferno, crying out, seeing himself in the middle of that same inferno.
“There!” Aphrodite exclaimed, “It is as I said…a mere trick done with the machines of men from yesteryear.”  Sliding her fingers across the object shut off its power.  The vision in the flames quickly faded.  Aphrodite held the box in one hand and, stepping forward, reached out with her other hand, taking hold of Titan’s hand, telling him to stand.
Holding the machine up close to the man, she commanded, “Look and see!  Touch and understand!  From the elements of this Earth this was built by the hands of men.  That knowledge has long been forgotten or hidden by my children except for the magic-practicing priests of Hormax, a man whose soul was so polluted with evil that it went off into the nothingness reserved for the Worm, himself.”
Titan dutifully obeyed, fearing some secret danger in touching it.  Nothing happened.  He was surprised.
“Take it and point it at me,” Aphrodite commanded.  “Push those two buttons, holding down the one that is on your right.”
Titan obeyed again.  The machine whirred to life and soon he saw the woman standing in the fire.  He grinned in wonder.  Then he pointed it toward a rock on the ground, it suddenly appearing in the blaze.  He eventually pointed it at many things including his own face.  Titan’s over-awed wonder soon turned to laughter as he toyed with the machine, making his own magic as he placed one captured image after another of the surrounding objects into the fire.  Aphrodite sadly smiled as she watched the glory of Hormax rapidly fading from Titan’s heart.
At length, Aphrodite retrieved the object from Titan’s hands.  “Tricks!  That is all the sons of Hormax have.  Oh yes, some are very powerful and dangerous.  Some can kill, but all are tricks...tricks used to control others.”
After putting the box down, Aphrodite turned back to Titan, ordering him to remove all his clothing as she had done.  When he had finished, she again took his hand.  “Now I will show you real magic, the power of the true God, Iam.  Follow me into the fire.”
Fearful, Titan did as commanded, more afraid of angering Aphrodite than being harmed by the blaze.  To his surprise, the fire only felt mildly hot to his feet and warm to his flesh.  He was not burning up in the fire.
“Is this also a trick?” he asked.  “Is this fire real or is it a trick?”
Aphrodite did not ridicule the man, but instead ordered him to retrieve the wooden case and cord he had removed from his left arm.  Returning, he gave her the items.
Aphrodite ordered, “Hold out your opened hands and I shall place these things upon them.  We shall see what prayers you hide in your holy box.”
Reaching out of the flames, Aphrodite retrieved a glass cruet from the stone altar.  Removing the stopper, she poured out oil upon Titan’s hands until it overflowed onto the glowing embers below.  Flames flashed high, wrapping themselves around the puddled oil in his hands while quickly consuming the box and cord, turning them to ashes…that is, all but the tiny prayer scroll hidden within the box.
Aphrodite took it and opening it, read aloud the words.  When she had finished, a thunderous voice shook the compound, stones shaking so that dust fell from them.  “I am the truth and power!  There is none other like me!  Listen to the voice of this angel, for she speaks for the Maker of Worlds and the Despoiler of Wicked Men!”
At that, the voice stopped speaking and the fire died down to blackened ash.  A sudden night chill swept in upon them, there no longer a blaze warding off the cold.  Though the fire was gone, a ghostly light lingered within the confines of the crumbling walls.
Aphrodite looked up and into Titan’s face, offering a sober smile.  “That is the magic of Iam.  Who will you follow now?”
TitanAmactony fell to his knees, begging for mercy.  “Oh great goddess, mother of all living children, forgive me, please, this once and allow me to redeem my soul and that of my children!  Do not, please, bring them down to the pit because of the evil done by their father.  I hated CheoChofie, your favorite child, because of the things I believed he had done.  I have murdered an innocent man!”  He raised his hands beseechingly, crying out, “Here, on this spot, take my soul for the wicked things I have done, but save, please, my family.  I beg you...”
Aphrodite sputtered, disgruntled, extending her hand, “Get up!  Get dressed!  It is not your day to die.  You will have many more days to worry your life over if you listen to my words and obey my voice this night.”
Accepting Aphrodite’s hand, Titan stood.  Looking him in the eyes, Aphrodite commanded, “Do not call me ‘goddess’ again!  Mother…yes, I am your mother, mother as it has been said of Ham, father of Nimrod, your forbear through your mother, Inanna, but I am not a god.  I am flesh and blood, the same as you.   True, I have a little power like that of the godlike ones, but even they refuse to be worshiped…except for the Worm and his demons.  There is but one real God, Iam, and he wishes more to be loved.  Now go clothe yourself as I shall also do.”
When both had dressed, Aphrodite directed the man to sit upon a stone that had tumbled from the wall while she explained the purpose of her visit and the things he must do to find favor in the eyes of Iam.
Clasping her hands in front, the woman began to pace.  “Yes, you did murder an innocent man and yes, you deserve the same to come upon you and your household.  Yet I also know that the priests of the Worm-maiden whispered in your ear to do this bad thing, filling your head with lies and corrupting your heart.  But now look and see, the fire you have passed through has burned away their evil machinations.  Alone before the Great Iam you now do stand.  Do what is right in his eyes and you will live with peace all around, and no one will make you tremble in fear all the days of your life.
“Nevertheless, many of your wonderful works will melt away in Iam’s coming rage.  You have allied yourself with Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah, become his slave, in fact.  Even now his days are being counted against him.  All his works shall be dissolved, and those who follow his evil path shall fare no better.  Your ships will not return in victory.  Indeed, not one that reaches out to strike my children in the west will see these shores again.  Do what you must to save what you can with the little time you have remaining to save them.”
Aphrodite stopped pacing and turned to stare into Titan’s face.  The man’s eyes searched hers, hanging on her every word.  She smiled to herself.  Maybe there was some hope after all.  Zadar had told her there was, but she had held out little, fearing the worst.  If Titan failed to heed her counsel, then Lowenah would be forced to bring the wrath coming upon the West against the entire world.  Few would survive such a terrible fate, but what else was there for it?  The power of Hormax was consuming the world.  It must be halted or all life would come to a finish anyway.
“Here’s what you are to do.”  Aphrodite leaned forward, her eyes pleading.  “Take the Hebrew boy from the prison hole and lift him up to power.  To you will remain the glory, but to him shall the real rulership belong.  He must be your voice and you must remain silent when he speaks any word.  Change his name to that of ‘Zaphenathpaneah’, ‘the living one revealing the hidden things of God’.  If your people are to survive, you must curb the power of the priests of Hermes.”
“How?” Titan cried fearfully.  “Their mightiness is very great!  Those who resist them come to sorry ends.  It was by their strength that I attained my throne over this land.  Easily they can remove it from me, if they so choose.”
Aphrodite slowly shook her head, doubt growing in her breast.  She pondered the moment as if in deep thought, finally standing back, peering into the darkness.  “Lift the boy up and make him high priest over all the priests in the land.  Tell them it is the command of Iam if the people desire his protection.  The boy will be given needed wisdom so that the priests of Horus will not interfere.  You will make sure that the House of Horus leaves you undisturbed.  For them, blood is most important.  Seal a covenant with the chief priest of that coven, Potiphera, by giving his daughter, Asenath, to the boy in marriage.  She is a virgin, satisfying the need for her father to present the blood of testimony up on the altar to Ra, thus satisfying the hearts of the priests of Horus.  Potiphera is a full-blood descendent of Hormax through brother-sister marriage.  He will assume that his blood will hold sway over the boy.  Let him believe it.
“One more thing…offer the man a share in future riches gained when the world turns to darkness.  He is greedy and will be happy to wait upon your wishes.  Tell him that the gods have told you to make the city of On, his city, magnificent.  Keep him busy by opening your treasury to him.  Do not hold back a thing from his hand.  You will be repaid a hundred fold, if you do this.  He will make sure your kingdom is kept safe for his own advantage.”
The things Aphrodite spoke sounded good to the ears of TitanAmactony.  “I will do just as you say.  Tomorrow I will call the boy up from the prison hole and bring him into my house.  Like a son, I will treat him.  If your words are true to me, then all your commands I shall obey.”
Aphrodite scowled, warning, “Do not think I have wasted my time speaking falsehood!  The world as you know is ending.  Already the West is nearing its fall.  Soon the rule of AnahNakaNoah will come to its end.  If you listen truthfully to the boy’s voice, your throne will remain strong for all the days of your life.  But there must yet be an accounting for the murder of CheoChofie.”
She turned away, hiding her face from his sight.  “Your son’s sickness will continue to worsen until he does die.  No son will you come to have to sit the throne of your kingdom.  In the straits of time, the kingdom shall become another’s, a stranger to this land, making the children of your children servants in his household.”  The woman stood there, rubbing her arms as if chilled.  “It is the price you must pay for thoughtless murder.”
Titan bowed his head in sadness.  “It is the will of Iam.  He does repay with retribution, but also with mercy.  I will do as you have commanded.”
Hiding her face in the shadows, Aphrodite silently shed remorseful tears.  Titan’s son was also her son, or it felt as much.  Was she not the mother of everyone living?  All the people were her little children...yes, her little children!  Staring into the darkness, the woman nodded sadly.  The child was gradually dying from an incurable illness, at least incurable for the physicians of this day.  Aphrodite had a cure, or could get one.  It had been offered, but she refused.
“What am I to do?”  She sadly asked Zadar during preceding days.  “Should I save one child while letting countless others fade away into nothingness?  I am no god, just a child of a forgotten time, one so unlucky as to have lived long enough to watch this world become more evil than the one I left behind.”
Zadar shook his head in disagreement.  “No, that is not so.  By your very zeal, you have saved the world of men.  I know for a fact that the Lady, Sodasonie, would have long ago brought this world to nothing by fire and smoke as she did with Sodom.  No, your impassioned love for all that is good and your zeal to deliver goodness from the grasp of Legion has preserved alive all mankind...your sons and daughters.  It has given us all hope for your kind.”
Aphrodite’s head sank, casting her eyes down in rejection of Zadar’s words. Taking her by the hand while gently lifting her chin up until the woman’s eyes met his, Zadar reaffirmed his statement.  “No, it’s true!  There exists no one like you.  Mother loves you so much! And the Lady loves you in her way as well.  You may feel alone at this time, but the great deeds you have done shall not remain secret forever.  Your days of celebration will arrive at the end of this wicked age when your seed shall declare your greatness to the entire world.  Aphrodite will no longer be remembered as some forgotten goddess, but as the preserving mother of all children living.”
He gazed deeply into her eyes.  “Trust me, you have saved this world, delivering it down to the day of absolution.  In the end, when the time appointed comes to its finish, you shall be lifted up to glory to deliver even us in our hour of need.
“But,” he patted her hand, “for now, you must appear to stand the gate alone.  Hormax must be put in his place.  You have the power to see it is accomplished.  Your journey is only begun.  Much is the work yet for you to do.  All men must continue on to their end.  Should you save all the sick children of this age, they would eventually grow old and die anyway, and maybe with lesser hope for a returning than if they died in innocence.  It is the way it is for this age.”
Aphrodite’s thoughts returned to the moment.  As she faced Titan, the man could see bloody tears streaming down her face.  He stared in shocked silence, realizing that the woman was suffering severe anguish over struggles in her mind and heart.
Aphrodite shook her head.  “No!  Iam does not repay with retribution, but only with mercy.  Iam is the Giver of life and of good gifts.  I am the most contemptible of horrid, living things!  I have called down the curse of retribution upon you and your household this day, for with my mouth does this world shake and tremble or shall it be found at peace.”
She walked up to Titan, stopping an arm’s length, her tears slowly subsiding.  “It is I who rules this world of men.  As I speak, so the gods will do.  It is I who raised up the spirits of the damned to smote Hormax’ world while he still walked in the flesh.  Now I contest with his spirit and that of his whoremaster, the one you call ‘Ra’, father of Horus.  See, Ra fears even me, a mere human, a lowly woman.  He knows for a fact I command the Spirits of Heaven and Hell.  What I wish for them to do they will do, obeying me without question.
“I cloak myself in the shadows of darkness and long robes, fearing the light of morning brightness that I might not look upon my own wretchedness.  I am become the darkness of the world, for only by my mouth can it be saved from the coming fire and ice.   Yet I shall hold back my voice and let it arrive the same as I shall hold back my voice and allow your son to die.  The works of Hormax must be ruined for an hour, or all that is good shall perish forever.”
Reaching into her robe, Aphrodite pulled a tiny crystal vial from a fold and lifted it up.  “But this woman has not yet lost all heart.  My son, I feel like a dead woman inside.  The living death does take me, for the burden I bear is not one to be cursed upon any man, but by my putrid condition does life and breath continue in the sons of men.  May Iam will me the power to deliver the House of Hormax such a blow that will hold its power in check until the One arrives whose shadow I am not fit to tread upon.  That One will do works of good greater than my works of evil, and shall all who follow him be cleansed.”
Titan was perplexed.
Aphrodite allowed him no time for question.  “Here, take this, for my belly is in tumult over the blood I must shed.  Justice!  Oh, justice!  See that you learn to obey its commands and you shall live a long time in peace.  But remember this: while justice may well tear apart the belly, it will comfort the heart.  Listen to your heart when dispensing justice.  It is what will bring you peace.
“Now I have delivered up to you what little mercy I can give.  Use this elixir sparingly, one drop in a cup of warm water when the blinding fever comes upon your son.  It shall relieve his pain and allow a pleasant sleep.  Should you practice care with the dosage, the child will not suffer in his sickness.  It is the only mercy justice will permit my heart to give to you at this time.”
Titan took the vial and, bowing low on one knee, took Aphrodite’s hand in gesture, kissing it tenderly.  Lifting his head up until his eyes met hers, he answered softly, “Iam has chosen well.  You are not wicked or evil.  It is your love that makes you ache within.  I am but your servant, yet please, this once, hear my voice.”
Aphrodite remained silent, motioning for the man to stand.
He squeezed her hand.  “I, a man of few years, do know for a fact the road of wicked deeds.  You have not walked that road.  Today you have saved a wretched man from damnation.  You have burned away his flesh to save his spirit.  No more shall I bend a knee to any other god.  Only shall Iam be recognized by me and my household from this time forward.  May Iam’s mercy be shown to those innocent of heart who have followed my instructions to war with a holy people.  Tomorrow, swift packets will be sent out to deliver the fleets of Egypt home.  May it be in time…
“I will do all that Iam has requested of me that your mouth has spoken.  It is not with bitter heart I leave you this night, but with bitterness that I must depart from you at all.  I know that I must journey on the river that my son will soon take.  I am going to him and not him to me.  Yet I have come to see that it is but a short journey in time before we shall be together again.  You are truly a wonderful person.”
Reaching up with a hand, Titan wiped the bloody tears from Aphrodite’s face.  They gushed anew, but this time clear as the crystal vial she had given him.  Saying not a word, Aphrodite fell forward, wrapping her arms around the man and began to sob.  The two held each other for many long minutes.

TitanAmactony slowly made his way east across the sand dunes.  The moon was hidden beyond the hills and now the stars provided the darkening light for him to find his path home.  It had been scant hours since his arrival to this lonely place, but to him it felt a lifetime.  Gone was the man’s arrogant self-pride, his ambitions for power, and so, so many other things that, until this night were most important to him.
Now Titan obsessed over what could never be.  In one hour, his life was changed.  He had fallen in love with a goddess who had twisted his mind and soul.  He now longed to always be at her side, to listen to her wise proverbs, muse over her accounts of the Age Before Time, and just sit and stare at the most wonderful person he had ever met.  How his heart did pine, not just for the woman, but for her God, for if Aphrodite was the voice of Iam, just how wonderful must Iam be!  Maybe one day Iam would be kind enough to reveal himself to this lowly man.  Titan’s heart jumped at the thought.
Reaching the height of a towering dune, Titan chanced a glance back toward the ancient ruins.  He stopped for but a moment seeing that a faint, golden glow still radiated above the broken stone walls.  And then he heard it…singing.  The most beautiful of melodies burned his heart with both passion and distress, words in a strange tongue but so rapturous that he swooned with a desire to drift along with it upon the early morning breeze.
Then his face saddened, sensing undertones of lament and loss in the way Aphrodite’s voice carried the words on the night.  Tears flooded the man’s eyes, feeling the agony this woman harbored within her breast for all the wonderful dreams she had seen shattered in her lifetime.
Through her tears, she had lamented, ‘Long life is a curse from the gods, at least in this wretched hour!  Pray that you pass on during days of peace and in the quiet of the night while evil sleeps.’  At the time, Titan could not fathom the reason she had spoken such unsettling words to him.  Why, the woman was still beautiful in the extreme, more so than any other woman he had ever seen, and she had walked in secret places with Iam and the Sky Children.  How could she possibly not savor life to the full?
But now the song…yes, it struck a chord in his soul.  Now Titan understood.  He shook his head.  “How sad…  How sad...” he muttered.
Suddenly there fell upon his ears another voice singing, a manly voice, a beautiful, deep tenor.  That same melody was floating upon the breeze, but strong with emotion and more upbeat.  He could also tell that the person was singing different words...words that soothed away the sadness of the woman’s song by swaddling it with comfort and hope.  Titan’s heart leaped with that same hope as once more tears filled his eyes.
He turned and hurried away, his heart overflowing with a renewed zest for life.  Titan had many things to do and must make haste. Spreading his arms wide, the man shouted out with joy, thinking about his new-found freedom, the chains of slavery to time suddenly broken.  A new overseer rose in the land, he becoming a slave to the throne.  Titan could now lavish his attention upon his son, and…and...  The man laughed aloud again. There was so much he wanted to do and he was excited to start.
Picking up his pace, he broke into a run.  Morning was soon coming.  This was the beginning of a new day, the beginning of a new life.

Aphrodite rested her head on Zadar’s shoulder.  She was exhausted but at peace, and finally broke her silence.  “There is still some hope in the world.  While the West falls into ashes and darkness, the East will rise to a new day.  Why do I have such dismay and dread when Lowenah and her children comfort me?”
Gently rubbing her arm, Zadar answered, “So much like my mother you are.  She once asked me a question much the nature of yours.  To see you is to see the face of the Maker of Worlds and, sadly, the both of you are determined to carry the weight of those worlds upon your own shoulders.”
Rolling her head back to look up into Zadar’s eyes, Aphrodite crooned a question.  “So does your mother find her comfort in you such as I do?”
Zadar smiled, “Oh Mother finds comfort in me, and I do lift her spirits, but it is by my merry speech and antics that I believe she does the most.  I am still her little, spoiled boy…wayward child, but in a nice way, full of good-natured fuss and bluster.”
“I find your antics manly and entertaining,” Aphrodite laughed. “Little can I think of you as a child…ever as.  Still, I think it is the boyishness in you that is most appealing.”  She turned her gaze back to staring at the ruined altar.  “It is your manly comfort I need most this day.  I loved my father until he delivered me here.  His love for me turned to hatred because he believed my actions made him look small in the eyes of the men of our village.  I never wanted to hurt him.  Even now, my heart yearns for his acceptance of me, I so much wanting his love.”
Sitting up, she took hold of Zadar’s hands.  “Take me away from this lonely place.  Help me forget the fire that was, and the fire we must yet pass through.  Take me back, please, to the place where it all began, where the lives of my kind came to be.  There I can hopefully be made new again.  For a day or so, I can become the little girl running down the dusty street of my village, chasing my older brothers as they hurried off to work in the fields.  You have the picture machines that can show me that world again, the way it was when I was a carefree little child.  Please take me back to Eden and work your magic on me.”
Zadar laughed, “You ask for so much!  And why not ask for those vittles and sweet cakes you so much craved as a child?  Those things, too, I will give you this very day.”
Taking her hand, the two stood, quickly packing up their tiny travel machine with tools and equipment from the evening’s show.  Zadar quipped, “That fellow will never be able to look with awe and reverence at the tricks of the priests again.  It’s too bad we can’t do the same for everyone.”  He turned to look at Aphrodite.  “You know, it was your idea to do this…never crossed my mind.  Your kind are strange fellows, tricksy, thinking on the run all the time.  We have a lot to learn from you.”  He gave Aphrodite a little kiss.
The woman, hugging him close, whispered, pleading, “Come take me home, for Eden is my home now.  The world belongs to my children, but not me.  Love me this day like you have done when we first shared its embrace.  Help me forget this evil place.  Take me home.”
Zadar smiled.  The two quietly entered the machine, its winged doors slowly closing behind them.  Soon the whirring of engines could be heard, their sound gradually fading in the morning breeze as the couple departed for hidden lands of the inner worlds.

*    *    *

 “But Father, we must find a way to assuage our opponent at this hour!  Our troops are not great enough in number, or well-equipped to defend against the great host gathering in the south.  They have crossed the great lake of Tecatucutan in giant warships with numbers like the sands of the sea.  Look, they have offered the palm branch of peace, seeking only retribution from those who have wronged them.  It buys us time.”
Javan’s son, DungieDodanim, had been pummeling his father all afternoon to listen to the urgings of the younger men from the southwestern kingdoms.  “These men have taken counsel with many local chieftains, even speaking with the wazaras of AnahNakaNoah, himself.  They repeatedly speak of peace.”
Dungie was among the younger of his sons, about thirty summers.  The boy’s mother, Odethbethel, was one of Javan’s dearest companions, causing the man to favor him, her only son, over his older brothers.  Besides, those of his older sons present were chieftains over his armies, following him into battle.  They could little afford riding forth with their father while abandoning this important moment to a few lieutenants.
His father politely but abruptly ended Dungie’s contention.  “This is not the time or place for such discussion.  You were given freedom to present your case at the moot, the entire house listening to your heartfelt arguments.  It has been decided that we can not...will not wait to see what the morrow brings, nor shall we attempt to bargain with the sons of Horus.  A peaceful man does not bring his sword to a friend’s feast.  These men have not come to parley for peace.”
He looked Dungie squarely in the eyes, asking, “So, are you with us or against us…or do you wish to sit this one out?  All choices are yours to make.  I give you freedom to choose, and no harm come to you.”
Dungie bitterly fumed, “You know I shall follow you unto death!  I am your son and I will, as I always have, treat you with the deepest respect.  I must go now and collect my servants together.  As you have spoken, ‘Tonight we ride forth.’”  He turned to leave when he caught sight of Noahashonie approaching, carrying a bottle-gourd filled with some bittersweet drink.   Breaking into a wide grin, he called out, “Well, hello there, little one…er, my lovely queen.  You bring gifts to refresh the palate, but your comeliness also refreshes the spirit.”
Noahashonie pranced up to Javan and Dungie, smiling.  She was attired in the causal dress for the women on such a warm day, a skirt of brightly colored, woven flax that covered from upper hip to mid-calf along with her golden earrings, nose pin, and necklace, which she wore in representation of her marital status.  Extending the bottle first to Dungie as a gesture of politeness, she thanked the man for his kind words.
Javan patted Dungie on the shoulder, resting his hand there.  “I’m pleased to see you two getting along so well.  It makes the heart feel content when family ties are strong.”  What he had not seen was how often Dungie chanced a glance at the girl when others were not watching, and not done for innocent pleasure.
Dungie took a long drink of the refreshing liquid before handing it back to Noahashonie.  “Yes, Father, you certainly blessed our household when you returned with this treasure.”  He tore his gaze away from the girl to look at Javan.  “We must take care to keep safe the woman-child of the North.  She binds us to powerful allies.”
Javan agreed while accepting the bottle from Noahashonie with his other hand.  “They are a wonderful host and will serve the sons of Japheth well as our allies.  Their numbers are many.  They are fearless and brave.”
Dungie lamented, “But will they arrive on time?  If we had yet another day or two, well, then maybe they would be by our side as we move against our foe.”
Javan sadly replied, “Tonight we must ride forth no matter the cost.  Dancing Stones and I have business to conduct first, which will take us until end of day.  The army must be ready to move when we are finished.”  The man did not notice the malcontent flashing from his son’s eyes.  Noahashonie did but said nothing, not understanding what his look implied.
Smiling again, Dungie bent forward to give Noahashonie a royal bow, then turned to go.  “My company and I shall be waiting at the edge of the city this eve.  We shall ride in the van with you, if you permit it.”
“It would be my pleasure,” Javan replied, smiling.
Noahashonie grinned as she gripped Javan’s upper arm, beaming, “I ride with my Lord this eve!  The lady, Dancing Stones, has prepared my attire.  I ride as a warrior with my breasts bound and armor on.  Even a battleaxe she has procured for me.”
Dungie grimaced, chancing a quick glance at his father who was smiling admiringly at the girl.  Looking at Noahashonie, he feigned a concerned smiled.  “Well, then we must make sure our queen is well-protected in the coming contest.”  Looking back at his father, he asked, “I pray you have provided adequate protection for our new queen.  I mean, should she be injured, how would our northern allies feel?”
Javan laughed, “Fear not the enemy’s tempest!  We ride out tonight with the Witch, herself, at our side.  She and all her entourage are in my van.  The wrath of a Dragon is fearsome to behold.  Her dozens will provide us greater safety than a thousand of my best trained warriors!”
Muttering his recognition of EpiphanOida’s Dragon powers, Dungie excused himself, promising to gather his host to the appointed location that night.  Bowing low again, he took Noahashonie’s hand in gesture of respect, promising his fealty and protection, then quickly hurried away to gather his company.

(Author’s note: Odethbethel was the great, great granddaughter of Tarshish, son of Javan the Elder and brother of Dodanim.  Her brothers were among the chieftains of the Phoenicians, mighty men of fame who later conquered the Western territories of Havilah between Egypt and Sidonia, thus cementing the Phoenicio–Sido Alliance for many generations.  Odethbethel escaped the Western cataclysm by fleeing to the eastern lands with the last Phoenician fleet to leave Atlanticia before its demise.  In her new land, the woman became renowned for practicing her uncanny Dragon powers to cure the sick and expel evil spirits.  Her life was long-lived, seeing the returning by Meric and her own people to those same western lands.  At an extremely old age, Odethbethel returned to the lands of the West, there to die and be buried in the place she had so dearly loved.)

*    *    *

A kettle of coney stew had long been retired from the crackling fire, unceremoniously sitting on a pile of smoldering embers to keep it warm, when the sound of Javan’s and EpiphanOida’s voices could be heard as they entered the camp.  Noahashonie managed the taking of two rabbits earlier that afternoon when she was out on a hunt not far from their encampment.  This was the first fresh meat they had to eat since leaving Castle Dodanim, and she had hoped so much to surprise her new family with a sample of her cooking abilities.  Sadly, the girl lamented its ruin, feeling it so overcooked as to be spoilt.
Javan and EpiphanOida felt no such way, praising it to be the best stew they had eaten in months.  “You are not only the most wondrous of cooks, but your aim with the stone is also to be admired!  Should we all be as good, the enemy would melt away like the morning dew,” Javan confessed as he gulped down the last spoonful of what he described as ‘a delicious concoction’.  Getting up from the log where he sat, he stepped up to Noahashonie, giving her a giant hug followed by a huge kiss on her cheek.
EpiphanOida put another log on the dying fire.  Picking up the heavy iron pot, she motioned for Noahashonie to follow her to the stream.  As the two walked along together, the woman chatted on about the day, asking the girl carefree questions about her day and telling of her own adventures.  Few others paid any heed to them as they made their way through the camp, most of the company having already turned in for the evening.
Passing a sentry, the two turned off the path and made their way along the gravel bank of a sluggish stream.  As EpiphanOida scoured the pot, Noahashonie scrubbing up some smaller utensils, they began to discuss the coming morning, EpiphanOida’s gentle smile quickly fading.  She sat the pot down on the gravel, taking Noahashonie’s hands in hers.  The girl could see her companion and mentor was ill at ease.  About what, she did not know.
“My dearest child,” EpiphanOida started, “I do not want you to step outside the camp again, that is, without a proper escort.”  Noahashonie did not understand, arguing its necessity in order to accomplish her duties. Squeezing Noahashonie’s hands and slowly shaking her head, EpiphanOida explained, “Tomorrow you shall suit up in your armor and ride out in glory close beside your lord.  I do not believe we shall face the contest this coming day but, in war, one never knows.  I must warn you, even though you may not see the battle line on this coming day, you will still not be safe from the enemy.  Evil eyes are everywhere.  Hormax lives even in the hearts of some of those who ride with us to war.  Be vigilant and keep an ever watchful eye.”
A chill ran down Noahashonie’s back, her hands being caught up in a shivering tremor.  The thought that there might be enemy agents among Javan’s army had not entered the girl’s mind, her heart not able to accept that thought.  “Loyal are the people who follow in our train!  You must be mistaken.  My lord would surely know if such a thing were true.”
Sighing sadly, EpiphanOida answered, “Your lord is truly wise, but is not all-knowing.  Have I not already taught you that the heart is a most treacherous ally?  The eyes of man are forever searching his world, seeing it first through his fickle heart.  Only the most insightful of humans can deny such treachery and reach out to the mind to gain true understanding.”  She reached forward, cupping Noahashonie’s face in her opened hands, warning, “Have I not taught you well enough to not trust your heart for it will betray you to the madness?  No, child, you must learn to not trust!  Trust not your heart nor the hearts of those who love blindly.  And we all may trust to blind love when the winsome mood covets our soul.
“Dear, there are eyes other than your husband’s that crave your flesh for their own satisfaction.  You are a woman now, had by a man.  You glow like a woman when your man has taken you. Too young you are to hide it from others.  Not all men seek restraint of their flesh to honor Javan, but wait only upon a moment to possess by seduction or force what is not theirs to have.  You are beautiful, a flowering blossom, a fawning ewe still in spot, something to be taken in sport as though in the hunt.  To some men, you are the prized trophy to be stolen and placed upon the mantle of their manhood.”
Noahashonie was shocked, disbelieving what she was hearing.  EpiphanOida could see this in the girl’s eyes, scolding, “I do not speak the fool, child!  Your innocence and naiveté make you target for betrayal.  Javan cannot see this for he is a man of many years, though he appears but to be little more than a grown boy.  He does not see the way others look at you...even his own flesh.  But you see it.  Be honest with your heart.  A man has had you.  You know the look of desire when he comes to you in a heat.  Do you not also see that same desire hidden in the eyes of those who seek you out with kindly words and smooth sentiments?”
Noahashonie did not want to admit the blunt realities of EpiphanOida’s comments.  At first she resisted, denying that to be the case.  It hurt so to think that some of the men she had become so fond of truly sought merely their own manly gratification, caring not for the heart of this girl.  Slowly, as EpiphanOida’s words reached into her heart, the girl’s tears began, asking in a quiet whimper, “Are there no men I can trust my soul to?  Do they all seek my flesh in violation of my soul?”
EpiphanOida smiled reassuringly, shaking her head.  “No, many are the good and loyal men of your husband in this camp.”  She then cautioned, “But, I must warn you, it takes only one with a wicked heart and the opportune moment, and…and well, I believe you have wisdom enough to understand.”
Noahashonie, still tearful, nodded, wondering, “How do I know who to trust?  Or must I run away from them all?”
Standing back, EpiphanOida looked off toward the shadows in thought.  Focusing her attention again upon Noahashonie, she replied, “You are young in years but often, if you are honest with your feelings, you will know.  Does the fellow linger at odd times for no apparent, important reason?  Does he speak with charming words reserved more for your husband’s speech than his?  Is the man overly polite and attentive?  Does he seek your private audience, telling of the need for special conversation or even desiring your company to some secluded place for special reasons?
“My Dear, these are often the wiles of a man given over to his lust for a woman.  True, these may also be the actions of an honest, caring man who desires only your company for acceptable reasons.  Yet, is it worth the risk?  Better it is to distance yourself from the honorable person than to lose all to a trickster seeking selfish gratification.  And remember, because Javan is king of this land, you will not be allowed to remain alive to tell the tale of woe that has been delivered up to you.  No!  Death must be meted out to protect the evildoer from receiving his godly justice.”
Pointing at herself, EpiphanOida lamented over her own past.  “Do not trust your wisdom against that of evil intent.  Even I - and it was many years into my womanhood when it occurred - even I became prey to wicked lust from a man I deeply trusted.  My rape was made almost complete, only being saved from death because Dodanim’s uneasy heart urged him to follow my shaded path.  My life was spared, but I paid the price of my innocence.  The child I bore from that rape, though I came to love him, remained for me a constant reminder of the day I acted with foolish innocence.
“And you…” EpiphanOida pointed at Noahashonie, “You are a sign to all your people, a talisman for the man possessing you.  A man seeking power may well conclude that through you he might attain the loyalty of your people.  It is then double the danger for you and thus for your husband.  Do not test the Fates by taking it upon yourself to discern the evil from the innocent.  Be wise and cautious!  Stay close to Javan or to me, or someone I recommend.  I see through suspicious eyes and have the heart of a High Daughter Dragon.  My heart will not lead you astray.”
She squinted, warning, “Look for the greed in the man’s eyes.  He wants what is not his…lusts for it.  You have seen it many times in men and boys when they desired another’s possession, whether it be a toy or a throne.  Be wary of any man who looks upon you with those eyes, no matter how charming his voice or loyal his appearance.”
Noahashonie was trembling, on the verge of tears again.  EpiphanOida knew the child was accepting these truths in her head, but her heart was in a tumult.  Ever since her arrival, the girl had been the center of attention of so many of Javan’s men, having been completely spoilt by them.  The girl was naturally likable, making friends easily.  It was true that many people loved her deeply, having her best interests at heart.  Understanding this, EpiphanOida attempted to assuage the girl’s feelings.
She leaned close, taking Noahashonie’s hands while speaking in little more than a whisper, “Dear One, I will speak to your grandfather, SchroGarthTho, and with Cothath, both men of your blood and nation, good men who can be trusted with your soul.  Allow them, please, to remain ever watchful over you.  In this way you can still enjoy the companions you have become fond of.”  Then she warned again, “Do not leave their watchful gaze unless it is with me or your husband or Susannah that you may be standing.”
There were a few tears from Noahashonie, more from the realization that she was no longer a child and could not play in the manner of an innocent babe.  But she was an obedient and loyal person.  She promised to do all that EpiphanOida commanded.
Noahashonie asked what she should do if Javan questioned her clinging to his side when being in and about the camp, seeing this was not her custom.  EpiphanOida answered the girl, merely state that Dancing Stones had requested it of her, feeling it a prudent thing to do.  She added that Javan would understand, maybe more than Noahashonie expected.
After the two finished cleaning the utensils, they climbed the stream bank and started making their way back to camp, keeping up a merry little chat.  Just before entering the firelight, EpiphanOida stopped, telling Noahashonie, “Tomorrow, should our journey take us that far, we will be near the towers of Magog and Tubal.  There it was long ago that the sons of Japheth gathered before Noah and swore an oath to reject all the ways of Hormax, lifting up the hands of the Dragon children to stand as bulwarks against his evil.  I remember.  I was there.
“As I say, it was many years ago.  But still, although the city named after its founder, Ausalmerica, has long withered in its splendor, there remains a temple of Talking Stones, it being called ‘the House of Ausalmerica’, that has been preserved down to this day by the children of my mother’s sister, BerniceHadshonie, she being a wife of Magog and a daughter of Tubal.”
Looking first toward the firelight, she then turned to Noahashonie, watching the flicker of the dancing flames reflecting in the girl’s eyes.  “Tomorrow, if the way is not barred to us, after the making of camp, you and I shall go up to the House of Ausalmerica and seek the wisdom of the Talking Stones.  We shall see what fate awaits us in the coming days and hours.  I will teach you how to make the Stones speak.  It is how the Daughter Dragons remain in touch with their sisters.”
A broad, toothy grin spread across Noahashonie’s face, the firelight dancing in her excited eyes.  Utensils still in hand, she reached out, burying her head in EpiphanOida’s breast while offering up the biggest bear hug her arms could deliver.
Returning her loving hug, EpiphanOida cautioned, “Now, please, for the moment tell no one.  No one!  Not yet…  We shall wait until the parting time nears before we speak a word of this to anyone, even your husband.  Promise me this one thing.  It is for your…our safety.”
Noahashonie looked up into EpiphanOida’s eyes.  “I promise!  I promise!  I will wait upon you to speak for us.”
At that, the two women walked from the shadows back into the campfire light.  They finished up what few chores there were and then settled down for a quiet sleep, Noahashonie snuggling up in her mentor’s arms, surrendering herself up to evening’s dreams of adventurous expectations.

The following day was filled with little other than the occasional runner hurrying up to Javan’s company to deliver important communiqués or updated information.  Noahashonie being in the lead van beside Javan, mounted upon a great, gray warhorse named ‘MaraMonte’, meaning ‘Death Child’ or ‘Son of Death’, was privy to many of the messages delivered.  News was always presented in a manner of grave sobriety, never panicked or excited.  What the girl heard, though, made her heart beat with nervous anticipation.
Few were the machines of war found among the sons of Madai and Javan, sons of Japheth, the two lead elements making up the army now advancing south against the oncoming hordes of AnahNakaNoah.  The people had long been a peaceful lot, their boldness limited to the wanderlust for exploring and colonizing the vast territories given them by Noah to inhabit.  Even horses were in limited number, MaraMonte having been Javan’s personal mount until giving it to Noahashonie.  The girl had at first refused to take it, citing others’ needs.  Javan would have none of it, saying that a queen must ride to war upon a great steed.
Tales delivered by the runners told another story concerning the sons of Ham and Shem - predominantly the sons of Mash - who marched in league against them.  Noahashonie heard stories of wonder, war machines pulled by fast horses from eastern lands, some filled with archers while others carried strange-looking boxes that could shoot blazing fire that stuck to and burned anything it touched.  Still there were weapons held by some of the enemy that could strike from great distances, weapons that blinded, tearing up the ground with great rumblings and - this was most astounding to the girl – machines that floated high in the sky that could rain down fire and destruction.
Runners were telling Javan that these weapons were already being used against innocent people in cities far to their south.  In little more than two day’s march, Javan’s host would discover the ruin already caused by raiding parties.  They also spoke of an approaching army that covered the land like ants, or storm clouds blotting out the sun.  Still, other than the many runners, the day remained peaceful, the weather pleasant.  And even that evening after they camped, EpiphanOida felt it safe enough for her and the girl to make their way to House of Ausalmerica, some two leagues west into the mountains.
Of course, they did not travel alone.  SchroGarthTho, Cothath and Susannah as well as two dozen of EpiphanOida’s most trusted Dragons came along for added protection.  All were mounted upon beasts, the Mozerathas riding strange-looking, shaggy camels, while most of the Dragons were mounted on short-legged, sure-footed horses with coarse, thick manes.
Noahashonie marveled at the Dragons in dark, cloaked, flowing robes, their faces hidden in shadow, seldom speaking.  She noticed that often they would communicate silently with one another, using hand signals to convey messages.  The Dragons also carried with them strange weapons, very light, long knives and peculiar objects hooked on belts at their sides.  When first seeing these people, she had asked EpiphanOida about them and why they were so outfitted.  EpiphanOida offhandedly answered, “The world is dark, but the children of the Serpent King Noah are darker still.  By good or ill, their kind will prevent the evil darkness from consuming the world of men.”

(Author’s note: AnahNakaNoah was grandson of Mash, son of Aram, son of Shem, through his father NakaSerbaniSibble, who was also a grandson of Mash through AnahSuahee, daughter of Mash’s second wife, SuaheeMinie.  He was also a great-grandson of Hormax through an affair between Hormax and his mother, Cuebidee, that man taking her for a concubine shortly after the death of his father.  Thus, the armies of Mash marched with their brother to conquer the sons of Japheth.
But this was not the end of the matter.  AnahNakaNoah was also a descendant of Cush through Seba, grandfather of his mother, MorendaQuSandie.  MorendaQuSandie was also a daughter of Havilah through his third wife, ChudahSambia.  This bloodline cemented a three-way cord between the sons of Ham, the children of Mash, and the priests of Horus, also known as ‘Hormax’.  Until the death of AnahNakaNoah, this confederacy remained unbroken.) 

News from the Talking Stones was not good.  Tuosolmerica, keeper of the Towers of Magog and Tubal, had been busy with the Talking Stones these past several days, receiving from and sending messages to Dragons throughout all the lands of Japheth and beyond.  She was aware of EpiphanOida’s coming and prepared to meet her, standing near with her sisters at the guarded gate of the temple when the entourage arrived.
Hurrying forward to greet EpiphanOida, Tuosolmerica bowed in salutation and respect before extending a hand to assist the older Daughter Dragon down from her mount.  Smiling, she offered, “I have prayed that you would come here before our army passes on to the south.  Word is good and bad, good in that many are the ones who are joining themselves to our side, bad because the evil host is great beyond number and carries the tools of Hormax into battle with it.”
Noahashonie was assisted from her mount by a tall, comely, muscular woman named ‘HilgaTomassie’, the wife of EricTomassie, one of the chiefs over the sons of Kittim of the clan of Skotfane, newly arrived from the eastern Northlands with his hundreds to join their swords with Javan’s army.  Hilga was cheerful and polite, Noahashonie taking a liking to the woman almost instantly.  She was a younger, half-sister of Tuosolmerica but also a powerful Daughter Dragon, herself.  Having also been born from the daughters of Ausalmerica, she had named her oldest son ‘RaeMericaTomassie’.  The boy was little more than in his teens but already carried the kingly demeanor of his father and the physical stature of his mother, standing beside his father to fight in the coming battle.
Noahashonie quickly joined EpiphanOida after dismounting, just in time to hear Tuosolmerica’s report of the peril in southern lands.  “We have received no word from our Dragon brethren from beyond the southern sea in many long days.  The last of the hidden sanctuaries in the high mountains was breached soon after you took to the paths, seeking the secret gates of Eden.  Reports delivered by runners from the south have reached our ears that few Dragons remain alive in those southern lands, being hunted down and murdered by the priests of Horus.  Some made their way north and will soon join us here.  Except for those in hiding, I believe all the others are gone.”
EpiphanOida cast her eyes toward the ground, holding back tears.  Many of the southern Dragons she knew, several becoming such because of her laying on of the hands, making them so.  Only those selected to become Dragons at the Great Council, touched by the hands of Noah or Aphrodite, had the power to vest that title upon others.  Ophealomee, granddaughter of Ham, was the last Daughter Dragon with that power, having passed into death some forty years before.  Now only Dancing Stones and Aphrodite carried the Power of the Horn to deliver such a gift.
After a few moments passed, EpiphanOida requested Tuosolmerica to continue.  The woman told of advancing armies, confederacies formed in the east, of coming battles at sea against the isles of Atlanticia.  Then she informed EpiphanOida of news that made her ears tingle.
“It has been told me through the Talking Stones that there arises a great disturbance in the east.  Egypt is wavering, its loyalty to AnahNakaNoah in doubt.  Even now, Pharaoh TitanAmactony calls back his navies from the battle.  Whether they receive news in time is doubtful, his swift packets still many days’ sail from the lead elements.  Our hope is that the Dragons from Temple Swalaharah on Verdai Island in the Eastern Sea can intercept the Egyptian fleet in time.  Some of them are of their kindred, close in blood to this pharaoh, and may well be listened to and believed.”  She shook her head in dismay.  “Whether that be so or not, I fear the power of the enemy is far beyond ours.  Unless Iam and the gods give us glory beyond what is normal, I doubt we shall weather this storm.”
Then, raising a finger, Tuosolmerica nodded.  “One more thing of interest: this same pharaoh of Egypt has lifted up a Hebrew slave from the prison hole to speak in the ears of all the people in the stead of the pharaoh, himself.  And this Hebrew has declared that seven years must shine with blessing upon the land of Egypt and then a great darkness shall fall upon the entire surface of the earth.  And all men will fall down before pharaoh in obeisance to him in those days following in order to live, for terrible will the future days become where no flesh may survive without the aid of pharaoh.”
EpiphanOida grinned, reaching out and gripping Tuosolmerica’s shoulder.  “It must be the work of our Mother Dragon.  Iam does not sleep but stands ever ready to deliver his loyal children from the hands of doom.  Do not fear, for more ride with us than with them.  The winds carry a merry tune, singing stories of victory,” she frowned, “and also darkness.  I now know the day of doom for this world, when all the works of Japheth will pass away.  We need not win this war, but only hold back the destructive winds of Hormax for seven years.  Then…then, well, it is as if it has already been finished.”
Tuosolmerica did not understand, and Noahashonie was wishing to hear more.  EpiphanOida would only say, “It will not be the works of Japheth our father that shall be remembered in that day.  No, Iam is preparing us to save his children from the coming wrath of the Great Daughter Dragon who waits even now to bring ruin to all the works of the Evil Serpent.  You and all my kindred must be vigilant to preserve alive all righteous flesh in that day.”
“You speak not of yourself,” Tuosolmerica replied then quizzed, “What of Dancing Stones?  Does she not lead the Order to the preserving alive of all souls?”
EpiphanOida looked away toward the north, toward ObebBailSoar, her home, knowing her eyes would not gaze upon it again.  As if speaking to herself, she mused, “I have come to preserve not lives but blood.”  Then glancing toward Noahashonie, she sadly smiled, “…the blood that will one day bring to ruin all that is evil.”  The woman would speak no more of the matter.
Tuosolmerica acknowledged her former mentor’s comments and not wishing to intrude further, bowed.  “We have prepared the Talking Stones in anticipation of your arrival.  Please, we are here to assist you in whatever way you desire.”
EpiphanOida smiled and also bowed in appreciation for all that her former student had done, answering, “Yes, there is need for your assistance.  Prepare for me two places before the Stones, one beside the other, please.  This child shall practice this night with me.  I know the hour is late and time so precious in these days of darkness, but little is the time our newest of Daughter Dragons has to learn so many secrets.  We will have to trust to the Great Daughter Dragon that she might recall to the girl’s mind in future days the many things she must be taught by us in this ending hour.”
Noahashonie was confused regarding what EpiphanOida had spoken, but Tuosolmerica understood all too well.  Her face clouded in sadness as she silently nodded in agreement.  Then, looking at Noahashonie, she smiled, replying, “We shall do as you wish,” and invited everyone to follow her to the temple.

It was early morning by the time the company made their return to Javan’s camp, the sun’s radiant energy already visible behind distant hills.  Even though it was such a late hour, Noahashonie was not sleepy, events of the previous evening still swirling around in her head.  There had been so many things...much more than learning only the ways of the Talking Stones...chants, incantations, dances and songs the girl was introduced to, also visions forced upon her by strong potions and musical verse.
EpiphanOida cautioned the girl when she had politely complained about being asked to remember so much, “Child of the Last Age, you must witness these things and retain them as best you can.  There is no time to teach you nicely, nor is it possible to repeat many of the things you are learning about this night.  Do not fear, for your mind will recall these things in latter days when no other Daughter Dragon is there to guide you.  But you must have this knowledge in your mind for it to be recalled.”
Again, as she did earlier that evening, EpiphanOida refused to explain herself.  Noahashonie wearily nodded her head, saying she would try hard to obey her mentor and remember all the things she was being taught.  It was then that EpiphanOida added, “Stay close to me and I will teach you many more things.  There is yet some time for us to practice the arts together, but only some.”
Noahashonie promised.
After she dismounted and bid her traveling companions goodnight, Noahashonie hurried her way through the morning darkness of the still sleeping camp.  She suddenly stopped, startled by several shadowy figures silently approaching.  Friend or foe, the girl could not tell, and it was not until a familiar voice addressed her that a rising panic eased in her heart.
“My Queen!  My Queen!”  A quiet, exuberant relief sounded in Dungie’s voice.  “I and my company have ridden hard this night to find our king so as to speak in behalf of your welfare and what this coming day may bring upon it.  Ah, but now I…we have found our queen so that word can be spoken directly to you.”  He reached out his hand, taking hers in gentle salutation.
A warm rush raced up Noahashonie’s arm.  She liked Dungie, he always being so courteous and polite, the man making her feel special, speaking such kind, praiseworthy words about her and remembering the girl with little presents like a wildflower or some pretty stone or trinket.
Noahashonie smiled, asking, somewhat concerned, “What is the danger that is so great that you have risked traveling to speak with the king, with me?”
Dungie took note of Noahashonie’s response to his touch, gently squeezing the girl’s hand as he drew close.  Standing so near that the force of his breath softly drifted across the girl’s face, in little above a whispe,r the man answered, “My Queen, the evil witchery of Hormax has been ever active in the southern lands.  Sights of unspeakable things lie upon the trail that our king must take this day.  I have come to make offer to spare you this wickedness by delivering you up to camp by a more circuitous route.  It is not right for one of such tender years to face the evils of Hormax!”
Dungie’s heated breath and gentle touch were making Noahashonie’s heart beat with warm, musical refrains.  She was about to reply when another voice coming from the darkness spoke out. “The concern of a warrior for the welfare of his queen is truly honorable, but the girl has already been provided an adequate escort.”
EpiphanOida stepped up behind Noahashonie, resting a firm hand on the child’s shoulder.  Instinctively, Dungie drew back, releasing Noah’s hand.  He quickly replied, somewhat in a stammer, “M… my… my Lady, it has been with utmost concern that I and my men have ridden this night to warn of dastardly deeds to our south.  I…it was of my deepest concern that our queen be spared what must be faced on the upcoming day’s march.”
EpiphanOida was polite and respectful, her reply warm but firm.  “It is too bad that you were not riding with us this eve, for I smelled the scent of mounted men shadowing us on our return trip.  So much would your services have been needed then, had trouble presented itself on the trail.”  She gently pulled Noahashonie close to her, her own breath falling upon the girl’s neck.  She smiled, staring into Dungie’s eyes.  “Tomorrow will bring what it will bring.  The girl is a Dragon and must learn what it means to be such.  Death will not be a stranger to her, assigning men to Hades by her own hand.  It is better she see with her own eyes the evils of Hormax than to have it reported to her ears in evening camp.  Thank you for your offer, but I feel your presence will be better appreciated in the van as we advance upon our foe.”
Dungie politely backed away until he could not witness EpiphanOida’s stare.  He again expressed his concern over coming events, but did not pursue matters.  When EpiphanOida offered that he speak with his father, Dungie feigned excuse by saying that he must return to watching over his men.  He and his company retreated into the darkness and mounted up, the sound of their horses’ heavy hooves beating the packed earth, signaling their departure.
When the sound of the horses was far in the distance, EpiphanOida turned her attention to Noahashonie.  The woman was kind, but her words were harsh.  “Must I tell it out to you as I would a fool?  That man wants you to ride his horn, for he has a passion for you like a stag in rut.  I tell you this: if you want such a ride, it will not be pleasant, for he cares not for you nor does he love you.  You are a trophy to be had and he will make sure you know that is what you are.  A gentle touch and soft speech from such a man makes for a hard ride!  A rape should feel better, for it would only tear away at your body.  He will seek to destroy your heart and soul and will keep you a slave in his house until he has accomplished both.”
The girl began to cry, denying at first the things heard.  Finally she admitted that she felt a heat coming upon her, wanting to feel more than just his touch.
After consoling the girl and offering more counsel, EpiphanOida told Noahashonie, “Now, you go to your husband and make him take you this morning before he rises to lead the army.  Make him pleasure you in the way you have fantasized in your head about this other man.  Do not tell him about this night, not now.  Tell him I have requested it and have my reasons.  Tell him it must be done before the sun calls the day to work.”
Noahashonie promised and, with tears still in her eyes, she turned and hurried toward Javan’s tent.
EpiphanOida stood there, waiting until the girl disappeared behind the heavy flaxen walls of her sanctuary, lingering until musical refrains of passion released echoed upon her ears.  Maybe, just maybe the child had learned something tonight.  The world was filled with dangers for this girl and there was no time left for her to grow up.
Shaking bad visions of future days from her mind, EpiphanOida turned away, retreating to her own refuge.  In the privacy of her tent she let tears flow, thinking of Dodanim and his soft, gentle touches and passionate lovemaking.  “I shall not miss this world when I am gone,” she moaned.
Tomorrow would suit her well except...except first she must see to the preservation of the blood of her people.  Then… then…

*    *    *

The day was not a pleasant one.  Dreary, low-hanging clouds smothered the early morning sun, and before camp could be broken a light drizzle was already falling.  By midmorning, gusty northeast winds were driving a cold, incessant rain, one that slowly soaked beneath any garment to chill the flesh.  Still Javan’s army continued on the march.  This was early summer and though the soldiers might well become cold and uncomfortable, he doubted they would freeze or become sick.  To the contrary, they might well get sick if they did huddle in makeshift camps with the weather.
It was about this hour that the first of the southern refugees began to arrive, or better said, the army came upon these people fleeing north.  Tales of murder and woe filled the ears of many.  Dread filled Noahashonie’s heart as she passed by these hapless victims of war and listened to reports of violence that fell upon her ears.  Many were those who were cut and bruised, some from violent attacks.  Many were naked and torn, having hid in the wilds over the past several days.
One sight was so pitiable that she could never forget it.  She was riding beside Javan with EpiphanOida at her other side, just cresting a knoll when they came upon a woman lying beside the road, struggling at giving birth.  Several people surrounded her as she screamed in agony, begging for death.  The troop did not stop, could not, but they passed by close enough for Noahashonie to witness events to the full.
There the woman lay, naked, a torn cape her bed, pelting rain her nursemaid.  She was bleeding profusely, a rupture for sure.  One woman worked her hand along the birth canal seeking to ease the baby’s exit, while another woman spoke consoling words in the mother’s ears.  From all the cuts and bruises, it was apparent the mother had been victim of terrible violence and possibly rape.  Again she screamed, vomiting blood and mucus in her tempestuous throes.
Noahashonie could not take her eyes away, although her heart burned with pity and her stomach churned in disquiet.  The woman…  The woman?  Why, the mother looked to be little older than she, possibly two years or so - such a young life for so much agony.  Why?  Why?  Who could be so evil?  She leaned close to EpiphanOida, begging, “Dancing Stones, will you…can you not do something for her?”
EpiphanOida did not look aside, staring further down the road at the advancing horde of refugees, answering bitterly, “The child dies among friends.  That is more than many others have been gifted with.  You shall witness far worse before this day blesses you with darkness.”  Patting AdaBonie’s flanks, she hurried forward to warn the approaching people to clear the road for the advancing army.
That road would take Javan’s people south, toward the city of Ogallala.  There the road split into three southerly thoroughfares, one hugging the mountains to the east, another crossing the Ogallala River or River of Clams, and the middle one going directly south toward the open plains of BaalZebul, a wide, flat, grassy expanse that spread out several miles to the west of the great eastern mountain range.  Noahashonie was earlier told by Javan that the Ogallala River was filled with freshwater clams ‘two handbreadth’s wide with as sweet a flesh as one could imagine’.  Today Noahashonie did not trouble her mind with such pleasantries.
A week earlier, some three hundred of Ogallala’s bravest warriors had joined themselves to Javan’s army, leaving the city of four thousand inhabitants protected by a garrison of possibly one hundred warriors and the older men of the city.  It was a peaceful place, no protective walls or fortress.  Indeed, the warriors were little more than hunter-farmers who worked nearby fields and searched for game in surrounding forests.
Upon approaching the city from the north, a sight fell upon those in the lead of the army that stole the breath away and filled men with despair.  There, along the broadways leading toward the city center were huddled the living remains of Hormaxian handiwork.  Hundreds of old men and women along with so many young women and little children sat and lay about in all stages of disfigurement, eyes bored out, fingers and toes cut off, burned and slashed, many with their tongues cut out.  And these were the living…
Javan stopped to take counsel before advancing into the city, the road his troops must take to reach their destination.  He gathered some of the survivors who escaped unhurt to give an account of what happened.
It was told Javan that a band of some hundreds swept up the east and west roads late in the afternoon, catching the men just returning from the fields.  There was little fighting, the enemy hordes sweeping in quickly on swift mounts and slaughtering the unsuspecting men as they traveled the roads toward home.  As some of the lead element went on the hunt, chasing down fleeing survivors of the first attack, the remainder of the band entered the city.  It was not to plunder the spoils, but to maim, torture, rape and pillage innocents within the town, instill fear of the advancing army in the hearts of Javan’s soldiers, so to speak.
Those few who survived unhurt fled into the forest, given time by a small garrison of soldiers who stood the path against that advancing horde.  They fell, to a man, overwhelmed by the numbers of mounted enemy, their mutilated bodies thrown into the city well.  Then the attacking mob went on a rampage, delivering ruination upon the city with fire and sword after heaping foul deeds upon the innocent and weak within it.
A woman only beaten and raped considered herself fortunate.  All the females caught, from old woman to suckling, were raped.  Most often their tongues, breasts, noses and ears were cut from them, taken as trophies to be made into purses or strung upon neck chains.  Women with child were most abhorrently treated.  After a great deal of torture, their babies were cut from them and hung about the mother’s neck by the unborn’s innards.
Plundering went on all that night.  In the morning, those who were still able to walk were herded up and forced to take the southern road away from the city.  Then the remainder of the city was set ablaze.  That was two days before.  No one yet knew the fate of the prisoners marched south.
One of the advance scouts came galloping up, shouting, “My Lord!  My Lord!”  Javan hailed him as he reined in his mount.  Pale and distraught, the scout pointed back down the city street from where he was newly arrived.  His voice aquiver, he cautioned, “It is a most abhorrent thing that has been heaped upon this crowd!  There is no word in Heaven or Hell to tell my Lord what sights hide beyond the entrance to this place!  I beg you, my Lord, pass this ruined sanctuary by and find yet another way to make our path south.”
Javan reached out and placed a hand upon the scout’s forearm, thanking him for his report.  Whatever evil lay hidden beyond charred walls and fallen brick, the army must still pass that way through the city.  The enemy must have known they would take this road, so they set out to demoralize the troops by the murder and destruction of innocents in an attempt to make the soldiers quail in fear for their own approaching doom.
His army…his army?  Few of Javan’s troops were real soldiers, his nation having lived so long in peaceful bliss.  Most were farmers and fishers, having seen death through age and occasional sickness, and that in such quiet and peaceful ways.  The sights here of the living would cause many to quail in fright.  Slaughter seen down the city streets would surely cause a dread to fill the hearts of such men, unless…  Turning KiiCue about, Javan began to ride back along the line of his waiting army.  Miles it stretched, its rear some two hour’s hard march.  He must make the forks of the three roads so as to speed up his advance.  His men must march through the city center to do so.
“My brothers,” Javan shouted, raising his fist in anger, “see what the priests of Horus do to our women and children, our virgins and old men!  Shall you permit any soul of theirs to set foot upon the holy ground of our father, Dodanim, and his father, Javan, and his father, Japheth, and yet live to watch a new moon come to glory?!  Shall we cower because of the threats of a pharaoh who is no more than king over the shit maggot and flies?  As Iam lives in the stars above, he has set a day for their extinction!  He shows us today the evil of the Worm and those who give their male members to the gods of lust and fornication!”
He drew his axe, waving it about in madness, crying, “To arms!  To arms!  Come and smell the evil of Hormax!  Feed on evil until your nostrils are filled with the lust to do to them as they have done to the sons of Japheth!  Come see what men who have no souls do to those who love and are loved.  Fill your hands with hatred for this foe!  Fill your hands with anger and rage!  Swear this day to Iam that you will avenge our brothers, our blood!”
Turning KiiCue around, he hurried toward the front of his company, shouting, “To war!  To war!  Bring their souls down to damnation!  Drive them to Hell!”  Racing past the front of the van, he charged into the city, crying out, “Follow me!  Follow me to Hell!  Bring them all down to Hell!”
A deafening roar erupted along the ranks of soldiers.  Drawing their weapons and running forward in orderly abandon, they forced their way into the city, many swearing oaths and crying out for revenge.  Sights to be found along the broadways and through the city’s center did not cause the army to quail as the enemy had hoped.  No indeed, Javan’s stirring speech inspired his soldiers onward, filling their hearts with anger and a desire for retribution.
Very quickly the people passed along and through Ogallala in their growing passion for vengeance.  Soon the main body was divided up on the three roads leading south from the city, their heartfelt passion for war lingering until they were many miles past the horrors of what they saw.
Javan and his company stayed in the city until all the army was far away.  He had halted the men of Ogallala and offered they should remain behind with a contingent of his rear guard to assist with burial of the dead.  Taking Baalath, their captain, aside, Javan offered consolation and then suggested, “You and your men stay with your people and help them.  We will carry on the battle for you.  The war for you has come and passed for now.  Stay and help your kin.”
Baalath, with tears in his eyes, shook his head.  “We shall bury our dead but then we will rejoin you.  There is a score for us to settle with those who did these things and with the priests of Horus.  Iam is my witness!  I shall not rest until the head of the high priest of Horus at Mounds sits upon my staff!  I shall do to that city as his people have done to ours!  I swear it!  I swear it!”
Resting his hand on Baalath’s shoulder, Javan closed his eyes, nodding his head, muttering, “With evil must evil be conquered.  Oh, but the price we shall all pay...”
Looking into the man’s grim face, he advised, “There are darksome winds that will scour these lands in a few days.  Gather your people back to the city and remain here until the shadow passes you by.  I fear for you should it find you and your men in open country upon the road.  You will know when the hour to move is safe, for the air will again smell with the freshness of a passing storm in a parched season.”
Baalath did not understand what Javan was speaking about, but he knew well the stories of the witch who rode beside him.  If he warned of coming dread, then it must be that of Dancing Stones’ magic.  Her magic was to be feared.  He nodded, saying he would wait upon the breeze.
Javan had just returned to his company when a tumult of horses being ridden hard fell upon their ears.  Suddenly Dungie and his troop appeared, approaching rapidly down the northern causeway of the city.  Stopping up short before the group, Dungie quickly dismounted and hurried forward.
In earnest resignation, he apologized for his tardiness.  “My father, it was with great hopes we would meet along the highway to the north of this abominable place!  I… my men and I have been in search of a better passage that would steer our army clear of the sights of such madness found here.  We did find such a route, a good one, but slower. Alas, I see that we are too late to ease the pain of making our brothers witness this evil.”
Javan was in a foul mood, and his son’s report did not ease it.  He bitterly demanded, “Why has it come to this?!  If you knew of this evil, why did you not seek me out to deliver the news or at least send me a courier?  You knew the need to hurry the army forward.  Time is of the essence!  Why no report?!”
As Dungie stumbled for words to make a reply, he chanced a glance at EpiphanOida who was standing behind and to the side of Javan.  Noahashonie was standing beside EpiphanOida and saw the look in Dungie’s eyes - one that sent chills down the girl’s spine.  His gaze also quickly passed over Noahashonie.  The girl saw no kind warmth, something she was so accustomed to.  Now there was only the empty cold of contempt burning in his eyes.
EpiphanOida stood there silent, signaling Noahashonie to do the same.  All too well the woman understood why Dungie had not visited the news upon his father earlier that morning.  He had not bothered scouting out another way around the city until after he retreated from EpiphanOida’s presence.  His troop had been too busy shadowing Noahashonie and the others on their return from the Towers of Magog and Tubal.  So it was that after leaving EpiphanOida, Dungie made a hasty retreat south in search of a safe passage around Ogallala in hopes of meeting up with the army somewhere north of the city.
As it was, Dungie had discovered little in the way of passage, but little was better than nothing.  Still, he might have proved successful in winning favor with Javan had his father not been pushing the army so.  All had come to naught, his heart having betrayed his mind into finding an excuse to be close to the girl, to say pretty things to her, and to maybe touch her soft skin, or be touched by her gentle fingers.  True, the man had no intention of dishonoring the girl.  After all, she was the wife of his father.  At least that was the deceitful lie his heart told his mind.
And EpiphanOida knew all these things.  That was what Dungie saw in her eyes when he had glanced into them.  At that instant, the man’s heart went into a revolt against him, its hatred for the woman exploding in silent contempt.  This woman had taken away his honor by shaming him with the silent accusation of ill motive toward Javan’s young wife, and also forcing him into searching for a road that did not exist, thus preventing the delivery of very important information to his father.  That, at least, was the way Dungie’s heart interpreted matters.
EpiphanOida also witnessed that cold hatred growing in Dungie’s eyes - the ‘deviltry of Hormax’ as she often called it.  Dungie had played too long the flute of curiosity, wishing to gain an understanding of the witching ways of the priests of Horus.  His heart yearned for power and glory, seeing himself wielding the might of the dark lords of yonder ages to bring down his enemies while lifting himself up to holy knighthood.  It was a wicked and foreboding evil that consumed first the heart and then the soul.  EpiphanOida had watched its cancerous growth destroy many of Noah’s carefree children.  There was little hope for a lasting cure, but the disease might well be placed in remission temporarily.
As Dungie struggled for an explanation, EpiphanOida spoke up.  “It was by my mouth that the boy did not make a report.”  Javan’s jaw dropped as he spun around, staring dumbfounded at EpiphanOida.  The woman explained, “He came to your camp early this morning with tales of woe down the road we must travel.  I sent him away to seek a better road, not telling you at the time because of my hope that he would find one, realizing the need for haste.  Should the terror of this city slow us down, then calamity might have found us still on the trail and not in our safe camps far to the south.  Danger ever journeys toward us from the north.”
She waved her hand toward Dungie.  “Let this suffice for the moment.  What I have done is to save a soul from damnation and to deliver the blood of our father, Japheth, up to future days.  You” she pointed at Javan, “have not disappointed us this day.  I trusted you would find a cure for the wicked evil lurking in this haunted place, and that you have done.  The girl is safe for the moment, and so is the army.”
EpiphanOida then reached out, taking Javan’s arm.  “Come!  You may well hate me on the morrow, but this day has been a great victory for us…for you.  Hormax’ web reaches ever outward, ensnaring all who touch its silken threads.  We must hurry or all will be lost, for his power grows by the hour.”
Javan dumbly nodded.  Turning first to Dungie, he ordered his son to get ahead of the army and scout out good campsites.  He then told his company to mount up and be off down the center southern trail.
As EpiphanOida assisted Noahashonie up on to MaraMonte, she cautioned, “His black breath warns of an angry passion for you.  I fear you will one day become his trophy and a hard ride you will be given!  Prepare your heart for that day.  It will come.  Trust Iam for he will not forsake you in your hour of need.  Be wary so the coming day may be delayed.”
Noahashonie did not understand the foreboding warning, but was even more troubled about other matters.  She leaned close and asked in a hush, “Why did you lie?  You suggested to Dungie that he go speak to his father.  Why support him now in his willful negligence?”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly, “Did I lie?  An interpretation of dialog, I suppose.  Dear, I bought us an hour, maybe two.  You have seen into the eyes of a madman, one made mad by the deviltry of Hormax.  Dungie will long puzzle over why I defended him this day.  He will be cautious, seeking any motive I might harbor to save him from the public humiliation he would have justly received in front of his men should Javan have lectured him on slackness of duty.  No, Dungie will be slow to move, the spirit of evil growing within him.  He will check his heart until he understands what I’m about or until I am no longer a threat to him.  It buys us all time.”

It was a weary and tiresome ride south before Javan’s company made the head of the army and into camp.  Long had the overcast skies faded into blackness by the time he called a halt to the journey.  Many hours hence, Noahashonie wished for the blessing of night’s blindness, so true did EpiphanOida’s words ring in the child’s ears that day.  There were to be many more days filled with even more gruesome sights, but this rite of passage would remain most tormenting for the girl.  Far into her ageing years, she would be able to describe the things witnessed as though it were only yesterday.
The prisoners that had been driven south, those who failed to keep up the pace, were taken aside and beaten, tortured, and…and Noahashonie could not find ways to describe what was done to the living flesh of these innocent men and women.  When finished with their handiwork, and while their victims were still alive, the enemy would impale them through a lower body cavity and lift them up on a pole to die a painful death, dangling alone in agony.  Although many a body had been taken down and buried by the time the girl passed through, there were still enough remaining to burn forever into the child’s mind the cruelty of godless men.
Small farms and tiny villages found along the southern road fared no better.  Riders had swooped down from the north after murdering Ogallala, doing the same to any hapless victim they chanced upon.  Oftentimes one could find an entire family or clan hanging upon the way signs of Hormax, usually staked just far enough away so that searching fingers would not quite be able to touch those of some loved one’s reaching out for them.
Javan ordered campfires to burn bright that night and for loud songs of war to be sung along with tumultuous dancing.  He directed the Daughter Dragons journeying with the troop to sing only of coming valor and glory.  “No strong drink this night!” he commanded.  “Boisterous in calling out for revenge is to be the hour.  Cry out to the Heavens for strength to bring vengeance upon these godless devils!”
EpiphanOida and Noahashonie danced naked in the roaring firelight, singing in the ancient tongue of the Daughter Dragons the curses to be delivered upon such unholy men.  The other Daughter Dragons scattered about the camps to do the same.  Javan well remembered their chilling cries as if they, themselves, had become the undead in search of the murderers of their kindred.
Long into the night did this raucous outcry last.  Gradually the camp fell into a fitful sleep, many collapsing in the dirt as if dead.  Morning would find Noahashonie curled up, snuggled in the arms of EpiphanOida near the smoldering embers where she had danced until a tired faint took her and she remembered no more of the night.

Javan set the rear elements of his army on the road first that morning, giving a respite to those who led them through the horrors of the day before.  EpiphanOida was pleased to see the leadership and wisdom he was displaying, remembering well the young man who stood up to rule Dodanim’s people shortly after his father’s unexpected death.  She sighed with pleasure to think she and the other elders had chosen as they did.
This was not to say that Javan was without his faults.  He was openly disgusted with EpiphanOida for not having report made concerning Ogallala, his quiet anger erupting behind tented walls the preceding evening.  He barely spoke to her for the next two days, and didn’t share her loving arms until finally encamped upon the northern edges of BaalZebul’s lush center lands called ‘the valley of Megiddo’, meaning ‘land of green pastures’, and that only was to bring forth the power of the Stones.
EpiphanOida silently ached inside, not only missing Javan’s touch, but for having hurt him the way she did.  There was nothing else for it though.  She knew his heart would not be able to understand the danger Dungie posed, he being so taken with the boy.  She had attempted to warn him on several occasions, but to no avail.  Javan was a proud man, and rightfully so, and easily hurt at times.  Every man has weaknesses, but in a king, every weakness will be exploited by his enemies.
“Dancing Stones, my Lady!”  Noahashonie came hurrying up to EpiphanOida as she was preparing to mount AdaBonie.  A leather strap hanging from her neck supported a water skin, and in her hands she carried some roasted meat.  “You must have some food for the journey, for it will be long and the sun hot with these clearing skies.  Here, take this and eat.”
EpiphanOida refused, feigning an upset of her stomach.
Noahashonie would have none of that.  She forced the food into EpiphanOida’s hands, demanding, “You take this and eat!  I am young, but not without knowledge.  I see the hurt in your eyes, rejection.  You are my mentor, but I am your inner voice.  Our man will forget the yesterday.  He still sees so much wanton death, and his heart has found its villain in you.  You must suffer for the hour…a choice you made.  Now eat and refresh yourself.  I…we need your strength this day.”
Saying nothing, EpiphanOida accepted also the water skin.  After mounting AdaBonie, she thanked Noahashonie for her kindness, promising to remain alert to the needs of the army.  She then urged AdaBonie forward, joining the advancing soldiers.  Calling back over her shoulder, she encouraged Noahashonie to hurry along to catch up.
The young woman waved as she called back, saying she would, then quickly gathered up her things and, along with her Mozerathas kindred and her close traveling companion, HilgaTomassie, joined the army in its march south.  Evening rest was many leagues away, and the excitement of the coming day still hiding in mystery.  For the moment, the child was satisfied with her accomplishments.  Later, when the time was right, she would attempt to reason with her husband about the previous day…when the time was right.

The following two days were much the same as the previous, wanton destruction, murder, and oh so many of those Hormaxian way signs…all too many.  But there was also a difference.  Javan’s army was beginning to get a taste of revenge.  Every now and then, scouts and outriders would come upon a small band of enemy raiders.  Although Javan had requested quick deaths and no torture be meted out, that was not always respected.
True, among those of Javan’s house, the core of the army that currently marched with him, his requests were highly respected.  But among the others, especially those from more wild regions, less was the restraint exercised.
And there were even issues he faced with Dungie and his scouts.  Dungie claimed loyalty to obeying his father, but Javan doubted such complete fealty in this regard.  Also, many of Dungie’s fellow soldiers were from the farther western territories.  They had been fighting smaller contests against the Southlands for many years, making them much more warlike.  Vengeance, though, was also in their blood, desiring to repay the enemy for real or imagined atrocities.
Dungie’s childhood years had been filled with the often fanciful tales of adventure told him by his western cousins when they journeyed east for the yearly festivals.  When Dungie was fourteen, he traveled back with them, remaining there for two years.  He brought back many western customs on his return, as well as a dark-skinned bride named ‘Tawawah’, carrying in his heart a lingering fascination with the strange southern religion some westerners were beginning to practice.
Javan feared the influence of that Hormaxian cult, but said little about it, seeing that Dungie appeared in time to forget about it, an oversight that troubled EpiphanOida, she knowing that once a living seed is planted, it will eventually take root.  For several years, she attempted to warn Javan of such a possibility, but the man’s heart could not believe it.
Tawawah died in childbirth about a year after the boy’s returning, something he never fully recovered from.  She had been his first and possibly only real love.  In so many ways Noahashonie reminded Dungie of his first wife, the reason for his infatuation with the girl.  EpiphanOida now feared that with Tawawah’s memories having been so strongly rekindled, other feelings were soon to follow.  She also believed that the boy’s desire for his father’s wife might one day overrule his senses, finding a way to take her for himself.
Her warnings to Noahashonie were thus well-founded, EpiphanOida having a deep understanding of a treacherous heart.  She knew that should the girl come to be in Dungie’s arms, the man’s heart would seek to rekindle the memories of Tawawah in their romance.  When it was not realized and after his heated passion cooled, Dungie would strike out at this imposter and usurper, his frustration growing into a maddening hatred.  Yes, EpiphanOida could see all these things coming from afar off, and the anger she saw in Dungie’s eyes for the child the other day only confirmed his wanton desire growing to bed her.
None of Dungie’s three wives accompanied him on this journey south.  One, Oieannata, was heavy with child.  Shupoodee was young and strong, little older than Noahashonie, and she was most willing to come along, being deeply in love with the boy.  Instead, he had chosen to ride out alone, having servant girls tend to his camp.  EpiphanOida believed the boy was finding his manly release in other ways.  She felt strongly he would invest in the raping of the enemy’s women should occasion arise, but she feared most the Hormaxian way men found passion’s embrace.  Of these matters she did not speak to Javan, he already being in a foul mood concerning her.  But she did confide them and so many other matters to her inner voice.
As for Javan, he had taken measures to prevent the moral degradation of his people.  At the end of that day’s journey, he gathered all his chieftains together in a council.  He forbid the murdering torture of any of the enemy, also declaring that should any of his soldiers bring in scalps or other such human trophies, he would send them away from the army, refusing them the privilege of bringing down the house of AnahNakaNoah.
“Men!  My brothers!” he implored, “The children in the Southlands are also our brothers, being sons of Japheth, Ham, and Shem.  True, they have left off worshiping the God of our forefathers and now follow behind the priests of Horus, but they are still our brothers, making them sons of Iam.  If Iam should choose their destruction, then he should be the one to declare it.  He has not done so with me or the Dragons or Dancing Stones.  We go to war to defend our homes and families.  To do this, we must bring the house of AnahNakaNoah down to the dust, as well as the house of Hormax.  These things, with the help of Iam, we shall accomplish.  And then we can return to our homes in peace.”
Looking toward the south, he swept his hand in that direction.  “People of the lands we are about to pass through are a race mixed with the blood of our father, Japheth, and his brother, Ham.  They are people innocent in heart, farmers and fishers as are you, wishing only to be left alone to enjoy the few years Iam gives to them.  They are our brothers.  Do not allow a sole of your foot to press upon their soil.  Remain upon the roads and allow them the peace they desire.  Unless you are threatened with violence, do not reach out to strike them down.  Iam is our judge against us should we do such an abominable thing.”
When he heard some complaints concerning the ‘squatters of Ham’ residing in Japheth’s territories, Javan silenced them. “Not all men of dark skin are children of Ham.  Many were the sons of Magog and Meshech who were dark as the evening shadows.  You know this for a fact.  You also know that the darkness of a man’s skin is often more powerful than the pale flesh of others.  Many of the dark children of these nearby lands have more of our fathers’ blood in them than they do of Ham.”
He raised his hand high.  “Remember also, many are the sons of Ham who are even paler in the flesh than we, ourselves.  Do not be fooled by color, for our enemy comes in many shades and many statures.  Why, even the sons of Mizraim through Shem’s daughter, Delilah, were tall and golden-haired with green eyes.  Now all these things you know.  Beware should you hurt the heart of Iam and bring his wrath upon us.  These men are our brothers.  We do not fight this war to bring them to ruin unless they force such a travesty upon us.”  With that, Javan dispersed his captains, ordering they deliver all of his words of warning to the ears of their men.
Javan also hoped that many of these southern people would listen to his pleadings and join his army to fight against AnahNakaNoah.  He need not have worried.  Raiders were little kinder to these people than they had been to those further north.  As his army passed through the villages and cities on their way to meet the enemy, many thousands of these simple folk took up axe or sickle and joined the advancing army.
And the army was also growing elsewhere.  Reports came to Javan that JerinThornbirge, great, great grandson of Gomer, and chief over the far western range from beyond the great mountains had crossed over through the Pass of MuthLabben in time to engage a contingent of AnahNakaNoah’s army journeying up the western shore of Lake Tecatucutan, forcing them to temporarily abandon their advance.  Jerin’s brother, StobattanThornbirge, pushed east to join forces with other western armies, captaining several hundred mounted camel cavalry archers.
And then there was news that reached Javan’s ears shortly before dawn the following morning that lifted the spirits of his army...news delivered to him by the power of the Talking Stones.

*    *    *

General AnakPhonieSeka stood wearily upon the deck of his ship, RaaSaponie, watching the scattered dying fires of burning ships, darkness hiding the carnage while creating an enchanting wonderland of dancing flames.  The battle before the walls of Atlanticia had spread beyond the horizon.  It had been furious, the combined forces of Kittim, Tarshish, and the Sidonians putting up a most tenacious defense.  Also those tall-masted transport ships of the Phoenicians were formidable, filling the yards with archers and mirrors.
Oh yes, those damned mirrors!  The enemy navy would gather the power of the sun into those things and cast their blinding light into the eyes of Anak’s warriors.  It was most troubling.  Even now his engineers were busy constructing counter-measures to protect them on the morrow’s coming battle.  Still, they had won a stunning victory that day, driving the enemy west through the Straits of Haminiezes to within ten leagues of Atlanticia.
Anak cast his gaze across the sea, sadly shaking his head.  Many of those burning ships were his.  Fully a third of his armada was burning or had already sunk beneath the black waters, taking many hundreds of his brave army to the bottom with them.  And many hundreds more of his men lay deep in the holds of his ships with grave wounds and injuries.  If they achieved another victory on the morrow, he feared there would be little of his fleet to return home to waiting arms.
Tomorrow…tomorrow he hoped to spy the sails of his supporting fleet flying upon the horizon.  Without them, the coming battle might be in question, especially if the enemy received reinforcements during the night.  Anak trusted little to the fleets of the Casluhim, they repeatedly faltering the previous day, forcing the Egyptian fleet to charge the battle alone.  Not that the Philistine warriors aboard were fearful of the battle…no, not at all.  It was King AaHam, king over Casluhim, who directed the Casluhim fleet.  In Anak’s eyes, the king was little more than a glory hound and a coward, taking credit for the victory when the battle was over while hiding from danger until it had passed.  The coming morrow did not settle well upon the heart of Anak.  He wondered what it might bring.
As he pondered these things, someone called out that there was a boat pulling along side.  In short order, four of the boat’s passengers stood on the shadowy deck, speaking quietly with the ship’s headman.  After listening intently, the headman excitedly hurried forward, the four strangers following close behind.
Stopping before the general, the headman excitedly spoke up.  “My Lord,” he pointed at the person in the lead, “this is ZigalAmactony, Governor of Verdai Island and third cousin to our great lord and pharaoh, TitanAmactony.  Behind him stands the Witch Dragon of Temple Swalaharah, Queen Asterzoni, herself!  They have a word for you from our great lord and pharaoh, TitanAmactony...a word they wish to speak with you in private.
Making no reply, Anak motioned for the others to follow.  Then the headman, taking a wicker lamp in hand, led the party down into the hold of the ship.

NoahhaTarshishson, chief over the southern fleet in front of Atlanticia, stood upon the bow of his ship.  Just over an hour ago, his captains had departed for their ships with his counsel.  Their hearts were willing, but he doubted that heart and muscle would win the coming battle.  Already they had lost a third of their navy, being out-numbered from the start.  They had put up a good fight but had been forced back with heavy losses, especially the skin-covered, oaken boats of the northern islets.
The islets’ men were brave to the point of recklessness, but they were not warriors.  Few were the archers among them, forcing their boats to come in close to the enemy.  This opened them up to their enemy’s flaming arrows, and they could do little but attempt to turn away.  If not for their superior speed, maneuverability, and well-disciplined crews, few would have survived the first day’s battle.  Noahha had decided to move some of the archers from his larger ships over to assist the islets, hoping to stave off total disaster this coming day.

Noahha’s ship, along with his lead elements, were now making their way eastward, the morning sun still hidden far below the horizon.  The Egyptians had pushed them deep into the narrow channels of the Straits of Haminiezes, a risky place to defend with ships of sail versus the enemy’s many oared craft.  Should the battle be engaged here in the morning, Noahha’s fleet would certainly be destroyed.  Hoping the enemy had pulled back during the night, he pushed his way east to spread his fleet out and give them some fighting space.
They had managed nearly two leagues by the time the sun cast its golden light across rippling waters.  To Noahha’s surprise, he saw no Egyptian ships standing the entrance of the straits.  Indeed, he saw no Egyptian ships clear to the horizon!  Were they hiding behind the outer islands of the straits, leaving the fleets of Casluhim and Sheba to act as bait to draw them into the open and then pounce upon them from the sides?  That made no sense, considering the danger Noahha’s fleet faced in the narrow channels within the straits.  Why allow them possibility of escape when they were perilously trapped where they were?
Signaling his captains to advance upon the opposing fleet, Noahha raised his battle colors, as his headman ordered full sails, horns blowing as he marshaled the rest of the crew.  Men ran to battle stations as archers climbed into rigging to gain their perches.  Others fore and aft hefted grappling hooks, while soldiers stood waiting with axe and pole to force a boarding.

The battle was short-lived, the enemy having no stomach for combat without their Egyptian allies.  Soon after they engaged the outlying enemy ships, the main Casluhim fleet set sail to escape.  When the Shebians saw the Casluhims retreating from the battle, they quickly took to flight.  By mid afternoon, the seas were clear of any fighting ships.
The battle for Atlanticia was over.

*    *    *

The strange, tubular eyepiece given Javan by Aphrodite as a parting gift made the distant army grow immense in size as he peered through its lens.  For many long minutes he stared into it, slowly scanning the enemy camp, studying the tiny specs far across the lush plain.
Well, they were like tiny specs to Noahashonie who was standing beside him.  ‘Smaller than ants!’ the girl thought.  In fact, to her, it appeared there was little more than a thin black line that stretched southeast to northwest, from horizon to horizon.
The two, with a small contingent of Javan’s guard, were standing forward of the army into the pastures of Megiddo, but the enemy line was still over a league away.  Between them were the swampy, early summer marshes through which the Bantoowazzi River sluggishly meandered along, or should it be said the many fingers of the Bantoowazzi River meandered along?  Only in late summer, when the dry westerly winds had whisked away most of the water did the Bantoowazzi settle into one bed.
“What do you see, my Lord?  Does the enemy prepare to attack us now?” Noahashonie asked, shadowing her eyes with a hand in an attempt to get a better view.
Javan smiled, handing the eyepiece to Noahashonie.  “Here, Little One, take a look for yourself to see if our foe is readied for battle.”
After thanking him, Noahashonie looked through the device, gasping, “They are upon us even now!  How quickly they have stormed against us!”
Javan laughed, “No, Dear One, it is the eyepiece that makes them grow so big in size.  It was a gift from our mother goddess, Aphrodite, when we departed Eden.  With it, you can see many leagues’ distance on a clear day.  The enemy is over three miles from us, but with that you can see even the weapons they carry and the banners they follow.”
As the girl, spellbound, searched the opposing field, Javan explained their current location.  “Between us and them are many swampy pools that are fed by the countless fingers of the great river that wanders this long, wide plain.  I am at a loss as to the enemy’s intent with this place!  There are few fords across these fields which the enemy already holds.  An advancing army would get bogged down out there, costing them many lives should archers be hiding in the tall grasses.”
He shook his head.  “They have been camped there already two days.  They could have passed by the fords long before our army would have gathered here en mass.  Their number is far greater than ours, like the sands of the sea, yet they choose to sit and wait for our arrival.  This is a puzzle to me.”
Noahashonie lowered the eyepiece, holding it in both hands.  Looking into Javan’s face, she asked, “Then why not share your concerns with Dancing Stones through your dreaming times?”
Javan’s face soured, he muttering something about trust and respect.
Noahashonie’s face clouded, handing back the eyepiece.  “Here, take it!  It has grown cold in my hands.”
Javan asked, surprised, “What…?”
Noahashonie glanced around to see if others were near.  They were not.  She then sputtered, “My Lord is too full of himself to see the truth.  Take that machine and see if the son of Dodanim can see wisdom afar off!  I love you for I am your wife – you the man of my virginity, my only man.  Yet Dancing Stones loves you more than life itself!  She would cut out her own heart rather than hurt you.”
Though shocked, Javan remained silent, allowing the girl to go on.
“Dancing Stones yearns for your touch as a newborn lamb does for its mother.  You are her ‘Dodanim’, king and husband to her heart.  She seeks no other flesh to satisfy hers other than when need is heaped upon her.  You are her god and prince.  Why do you murder her in her innocence?!”
Before Javan could reply, Noahashonie revealed troubling secrets.  “Your son did not come to camp to report news to you.  Indeed, he had been shadowing us as we returned from the Towers of Magog and Tubal.  He came to our camp to deliver me up to a less abhorrent route that passed around the city of death, though I feel his motives may have been more wanton.  Dancing Stones asked your son if he wished to make report to you and he declined, telling of need to make haste to the south.”
She squeezed Javan’s hand.  “My Lord, the lady fears dangerous times ahead.  She fears that the witchery of Hormax is already at work among your own people...even your son.  But you refuse to listen to her voice, so blinded by your love for him.  My Lord, that man wants my flesh to own for himself!  Trust me, please, for I have seen it in his eyes many times.  Dancing Stones fears for your safety, believing he will one day reach out and take me for himself.”
Javan began to interrupt.  Noahashonie stopped him, placing a finger over his lips.  “Dancing Stones told you truth as she saw fit to see it, to hold back the winds of coming destinies.  Dungie will wonder at her actions because he has come to hate her with a vengeance, as she has come to be my protector.  Her lie was to buy us time, for your son will ponder past events before acting.  It gives us time.”
Javan began to argue, saying Noahashonie was mistaken about matters.  She stopped him.  “Whether I am mistaken or not, the gods of time will reveal.  I love you, risking your wrath because of that love.  I love Dancing Stones enough to risk your deadly anger.  The woman loves you very much.  You sin against Iam when you refuse her arms other than to talk to the sacred Stones.  Take her this evening.  Give her your manliness.  Make her groan with the delights of your love.  Make Iam happy.  Make me happy.  If you love me at all, then do this thing and make me happy.”
“I do love you,” Javan replied.  “And I do love Dancing Stones, more so than I do my own wives.”  He took Noahashonie’s hands.  “My heart does not believe the words you tell me about my son, but my head will try to listen and watch to see if your words are accurate.  I will do as you request, not because you have commanded it, but because I have acted like a hurt child and must make amends.  I have hurt someone deserving greater than I can give.  I will try to be the lover to her as my father was.”
Suddenly, a noisy clatter fell upon their ears.  Looking toward the enemy camp, they saw eight giant, oval ships held aloft by huge wings slowly plodding the skies as they lumbered over the marshy fields.  Lumbered?  Well, at a distance it appeared as though these behemoths of the sky were lumbering but, as they drew closer, the speed at which they moved became terrifyingly pronounced.  ‘Like the wind!’ many a panicked soldier, remembering their first encounter with these airships, called it.  Added to this was the deafening, popping roar coming from two giant, smoking pods affixed just below the machine’s wings, and nestled beside its bulbous, tubular body.
Cutting through the air at over the speed of a galloping horse, these monsters of the sky approached Javan’s encampments.  Ignoring the tiny party some hundred cubits below, the lead ship roared directly overhead making toward the nearest camp, signaling the other ships in its wake.  Slowly wagging their wings in reply, the remaining seven giant birds began spreading out to the east and west.
Looking up while cowering in the high grasses, Noahashonie could see a dozen or better of what looked like archers standing along wicker rails, shouting and pointing in the direction the ships were going.  Or were they archers?  From this distance, the girl saw what looked to be some of the men holding long, heavy sticks.  Spears, maybe?
As the airships banked to the right and left, their long, wide wings tilting like sails of lean, fast packets, they spread out along the line of Javan’s army.  When the ships came out of their sharp turns and leveled off, they began dropping glistening, black objects from their bellies.  And then the archers took to shooting fiery darts down upon the dumbfounded, panicked crowd.
Javan was horror-stricken, watching the objects blow huge geysers of fire and ash back into the sky.  Moments later, a deafening report crashed upon his ears, followed by another and another until, for what seemed an eternity, the thunders came to ring upon his ears as though with one continuous, earsplitting tumult.
For about half an hour, the monsters roared back and forth over the people, sometimes circling a particular place, swooping low for the archers to get better aim.  Finally, when the archers had exhausted their supplies and there were no more objects to drop upon the army, one by one, the machines departed for whence they came, leaving death and destruction in their wake.
Noahashonie reached the encampments about the time the last of the enemy airships had departed southward.  Javan, having a greater stride than the girl, had long been in the camps.  As horrific as the attack had been, it did little real physical damage, with some broken carts and burned tents, and a scattering of dead animals.    It was obvious to Noahashonie that the archers in the flying machines had little experience fighting at such fast speeds.  Most of the fiery shafts stuck harmlessly in the ground, often missing targets by a rod or more.
At most, only a dozen or so soldiers were killed, with possibly three times that many injured.  But then there were injuries that could not be explained away by arrow or fire, ghastly wounds even to the tearing away of limbs.  Report was made that some of the enemy carried long sticks from which fire and loud noises came forth.  A man being hit by one of those weapons could lose an arm or leg or possibly be ripped asunder.
In Noahashonie’s eyes, the real villainy of the attack, though, was not the physical destruction wrought upon the army.  It was the war being waged upon the minds of the soldiers experiencing the destruction, the terror and sheer helplessness one would feel under the circumstances.  How does a person find safety in his heart when the enemy can hunt him down where he sleeps?  When eyes are all around, staring down from above, where can a person find escape?  Even now, Javan’s army was scattering into the forests and seeking the safety of the northern roads.
Of course, this was AnahNakaNoah’s intent - scatter the army, breaking it up into tiny groups fleeing for their lives.  Having accomplished this, he would finally move his army across the fords, sending his fast cavalry forward to destroy the routed soldiers piecemeal.  Then, when all opposition had melted away, his main body of foot soldiers would march up the roads, securing territories for themselves.  It would take little time for this pharaoh to seize control of Dodanim’s lands and cast the shadow of his iron will over survivors of his intended holocaust.
EpiphanOida well understood the Hormaxian plan that been hatched, and was prepared to meet it.  When dark, flying specks were first seen above distant fields, the Dragons had mounted up and ridden north along the roads of anticipated flight, stopping where the deep woods met lush field grasses.  There, using a little magic of their own, they persuaded many of the people fleeing to turn aside and hide in the deep woods.  The Dragons’ open fearlessness and confidence helped stave off panic in the hearts of the escapees and warded off the rout of the army.

Noahashonie found Javan assisting people in a heavily damaged camp where there were many wounded.  She was just approaching when EpiphanOida rode in, the woman quickly dismounting and hurrying over to Javan who was helping a terribly burned boy.
With tear-filled eyes, he looked up at EpiphanOida.  “My heart could not believe this day would come!  Now my people pay the price for my foolishness.  How do we fight against the sky?  Where do my people hide?”
Resting a tired hand on Javan’s shoulder, EpiphanOida gently answered, “These are the children of Iam, children of Japheth, Son of the Mountain Bear.  Iam has chosen the hour of battle and how it shall be won.  You are his emissary, a messenger proclaiming his will.  Today was a test for his children.  Tomorrow?  Tomorrow will be different.”
“How?!”  Javan cried.  “How do we stop the wind and the storm?!”
Shaking her head, EpiphanOida moaned, “Oh man of little faith, you have seen the works of Iam and his children, and have been witness to the inventions from the days before the Great Waters.  Do you think Hormax is sole possessor of the witchery of earlier days?  I tell you a fact, the machines you saw today are merely shadow-toys of the sky beasts that soared high in bygone days.  The priests of Horus play with this pharaoh, teasing him with trinkets while keeping their real powers well hidden.”
She pulled on Javan’s hand, encouraging him to stand, looking him in the face, suggesting, “Pull your army back into the heavy forest.  Then, when darkness falls, have your forward guards light the evening fires, making the enemy believe your army still holds the line upon the open plain.  This night, my people will make preparation for the morrow.  Then we shall see whose power is greater.”
Looking off toward the southwest, she sighed reassuringly, “They will not return this day.  The winds have picked up, making it difficult for those pieces of scrap to take to the skies.  We are safe for now.  First the sun must dry the wings of the flying beasts and then, when the air calms under the late morning sun, they will take to flight again.”
Curling her lips into an angry grin, she defiantly hissed, “And then they shall witness some of the Dragons’ magic!”

It was a very busy night for Javan and the Dragons.  Morbid fear of the flying demon gods needed to be changed to that of a hated respect for the contrivances of evil men.  EpiphanOida assigned a portion of her people to spread throughout the many camps, teaching the captains how to protect their soldiers against future attacks.
Far into the early morning hours, the sounds of axes, picks and shovels could be heard above the hustle of people moving supplies into the dense woods.  Deep, narrow trenches soon zigzagged their way along a seemingly endless line of encampments, reinforced by strategically placed redoubts with large rooms supporting giant log ceilings covered by several feet of hard-packed soil.  The trenches meandered under the shadows of this ancient hardwood forest to better conceal Javan’s army from missiles the enemy might pitch down upon them.
Javan gathered his captains late in the evening to explain the flying machines of the enemy.  With assistance from three Dragons, the man drew pictures in the dirt to help his soldiers understand how the flying beasts worked, what they really were.  He was able to convince them that the priests of Horus had no magic but only tools like the ones used by those who lived in the days before the Great Waters.  Then, when he was assured they understood the enemy had little more than advanced weapons, Javan went on rebuild the morale of his army.
A person who feels defenseless may well cower before an enemy little more powerful than himself.  Javan also realized that bringing along the women of his nation, even mothers giving suck, increased the trepidation of his men, they fearing for the well-being of their wives and daughters.  He had promised his allies from the North and would not renege on that oath.  The women of his city would stand the battle line with the men, and they must accept the risk to their womenfolk.  He had to find a way to strengthen their hearts so they might well withstand such a test.
So it began, Javan gathering his engineers to him while his captains remained to hear battle strategy for the morrow and what their part was to be.  “Men, my brothers, the enemy has foolishly revealed to us his plan for battle.  Listen and I will tell you many secrets.  The sky beasts you have seen today have been delivered upon us because the king of Greater RaamahBarSabteca sees us as worthless coward,s deserving of little consideration.  He believes machines of wood and cloth driven by smoking horses that stink up the very air will drive us away from this field of honor.”
Javan started pacing, waving his hands about in growing excitement.  “This fool believes we shall quail in fright and attempt to run away!  Then, when we have broken ranks and scattered under our rocks, he will send forth his hordes of cavalry, crossing them at various fords he has secured.  His horsemen, he believes, will hunt down the cowards of Javan, chopping them up while hanging their women upon the way signs of Hormax.”
He stopped, placing closed fists on hips.  “Well, the man’s a fool!  First, we have not run away, but are digging in even now as I speak.  The horsemen of AnahNakaNoah will be hard pressed to drive us from these fortifications.”  He looked toward the north, shaking his head.  “But we have no intention of defending those piles of dirt.”  That statement got the attention of his captains, all instinctively leaning forward like a hunter hearing a noise hidden in the brush.  Javan smiled to himself.  Pointing south, he announced, “First we take the fords…tonight!”
This was certainly not what Javan’s captains expected to hear.  Their astonished expressions made him laugh.  Javan now explained, “Our enemy must feel pretty smug right now.  They fly around, dropping fire and shooting arrows down upon us, we acting like little children being chased by angry hornets.  That, my brothers, is the story they will have told after returning to their camps today.  The entire army will believe we have run away…or at least many of us will have run away.  Tonight the enemy will revel in their assumed victory, letting down their guard and relaxing their attentiveness.”
Slamming his fist into an opened hand, Javan exclaimed, “Well, tonight the enemy will find out that the jackal does not announce his presence and the cave bear is most to be feared!” He then revealed the battle plan.  “I have ordered the night hunters of Riphath to advance upon the fords when the blackness of the early morning hour hangs heavy upon us, for the hunters of Riphath have eyes that see on the darkest of eves, and their long, thin blades consume their prey while it sleeps.”
Lifting a hand toward his captains, he commanded, “Archers you must deliver into the hand of the men of Riphath, for them to follow those men in behind.  When the fords have been secured, they should conceal themselves in the deep grasses, far from the sight of the flying beasts.  Then, when the enemy sets itself upon us to retake the fords, we shall deliver them such a surprise as they will long remember!”
He warned, “It is not my intent for us to hold the fords, at least not at all cost.  When the enemy realizes it has been fooled by our deceitfulness, they will become more cautious.  Then, after they are aware that we hold the fords in number, they will come in force to retake them.  It will be at that time we gradually surrender the fords back to them.
“Fear not!” Javan reassured his officers.  “The enemy shall not flood over and attack this side of the river today!  Tomorrow?  Maybe…  Our little game will stall them for a day, at least unsettle their nerves for a while.  But I believe a day or two is all our enemy can afford to spend.  His ever hungry stomach is eating up the land.  Many mouths eat much food.  Hunger will force AnahNakaNoah to move soon.”  Javan laughed, “We have many days’ supplies, and fresh are the fields and forests, with food for the taking.  We can bide our time, wait for the right moment to attack.”
Excitedly raising his hand high, he exclaimed, “Yet, as I said, we shall not defend the piles of dirt.  We shall advance upon the enemy!”  Looking into surprised faces, Javan smiled, “…but at a time of our choosing.  Tonight we prepare for the coming day.  We shall give a greeting to this pharaoh he will long remember.”
At that moment, EpiphanOida and Noahashonie entered the camp’s firelight.  Both had been busy assisting with moving supplies into the deep woods.  Wearing only loincloths, which was customary summer dress for the both men and women at the time, their skin was caked with sweaty ash and dirt.  EpiphanOida made no excuse, being tired from her labors and still having so much to do.  There was not time to bathe, which would also be considered something of a luxury right now.  She paused to offer salutation, and then, with Noahashonie scurrying along close behind, took her station beside Javan.
He grinned as he watched the two women come into their group, nodding at them as they did.  Looking back at his officers and engineers, he continued, “So then, listen and learn.  I will tell you how we shall prepare.”

While the army continued to reinforce and extend its trenches in the forest, a great commotion arose in the abandoned camps and out onto the tall, grassy pastures of Megiddo.  Engineering teams busied themselves, converting transport wagons into mobile battery busses, mounting several siege bows on them and angling those bows to shoot their arrows high into the sky.  It was believed the arrows could well reach attacking sky ships.  Flaming projectiles might damage or even possibly bring down these monsters.  At least it was certainly worth a try.
In tall trees along the edge of the deep forest, platforms were being constructed.  There, from hidden perches, archers would attempt a flaming defense against the airborne enemy.  Down below, on the grassy plain, men with newly made, hand-held, cross-type bows hunkered down in the thick undergrowth, preparing to meet the onslaught using the newest invention given them by the Dragons.
Noahashonie paused, looking up from her chores in wonder.  What had been a very demoralized and defeated army not many hours ago was now a busy and exuberant band of brothers, eagerly preparing for the coming day’s battle.  Why there was even the occasional joking and merry laughter cutting through the darkness to brighten weary hearts.
Far into the night the girl watched, taking time to study the way of men’s hearts when they found hope in coming victory.  ‘Power, my Little One, is not in the weapon one holds, but in the belief that one is no longer defenseless.’  Those were Javan’s words to her when the shadows were falling earlier that evening.  Now Noahashonie was seeing how truthful those words were.
Sometime around the midnight hour, Noahashonie was roused from a nap by the clatter of many wagons arriving from up the northern roadway.  Surprised to see the animals were being led by Dragons wearing long, cloaked robes, the girl jumped up and hurried over to see what this was all about.  EpiphanOida took hold of her arm, gently pulling her aside, asking for a chat.
“Please, my little sister, listen to me, please.”  EpiphanOida cautioned.  “These are our kindred from the North.  They do not take kindly to questions or snoops.  It is better you leave them to themselves for they have much work to do and little time to do it.”
In a hushed voice, Noahashonie asked, “From beyond the Ice Mountains?  My people are from the Northlands.  These are not my people.”
EpiphanOida smiled, replying, “Trust me, this once.  These are not from beyond the Ice Mountains, but they do come from the North, from distant lands far beyond your sight and mind.”  She put a finger to her lips.  “Speak of this to no one...”  Noahashonie promised.
“Good!”  EpiphanOida took the girl’s hand.  “Stay with me and remain silent.  Do not ask any questions.  You will see many things.  What you do not know, there is no time to teach you.  If one of these people tells you to do something, do it!  No questions or hesitations, understand?”  Trembling with excitement, Noahashonie, grinning from ear to ear, said she did.  Off the two went to meet the new arrivals.

It was a busy night for Noahashonie.  EpiphanOida took her some distance up the north roadway, passing many oncoming wagons journeying south.  Strange some of them were, too.  The girl saw four-wheeled affairs with huge boxes on the front…a seat for the teamsters, she supposed…long wooden tongues attached to the back of the boxes by iron pins and clevises, pulled on large, oaken-planked, rear wheels.  Heavy flaxen tarps concealed narrow cargo boxes resting upon those giant wheels.  And those wagons were all such crude-looking affairs, appearing to have been hastily built with no care for beauty, only to be functional.
After nearly a league of walking far past the northernmost entrenchments, EpiphanOida and Noahashonie left the forested roadway and started off on a newly cut trail.  Little could be seen in the darkness other than a strange glow coming from something EpiphanOida held in one hand.  The girl could tell that many wagons or carts had earlier cut ruts through here.
EpiphanOida was anxious to make haste, but the girl slowed them because of the dark, treacherous pathway.  After she nearly stumbled over some twisted tree roots, EpiphanOida stopped, handing the glowing machine to her and warning her to keep it hidden well so that its golden light fell only upon the trail.  She then took the child’s hand and sped along in the darkness, much to the girl’s astonishment.  Noahashonie could barely make out the trail with the light, and EpiphanOida was almost at a run in the blackness of the woods.
After almost a mile, the two came to an immense clearing, at least Noahashonie believed it to be immense, not seeing any shadowy forest off to the east or north.  EpiphanOida called out in some strange tongue to two hooded figures carrying sharp, pointed pikes.  They nodded a reply and sank back into the darkness.
“Come along now.  Stay close and don’t make a nuisance of yourself,” EpiphanOida ordered Noahashonie in a motherly voice.  “I’ve business here and have little time to conclude it.  We must return to the camps before the sun burns in the sky.”
Noahashonie promised, offering back to EpiphanOida the glowing machine.  EpiphanOida told her to keep it for now, but cautioned about its use.  She pointed up.  “The sky can see many things afar off.  With that light, my people can talk to each other so very, very far away.  Should you shine that light so that others might see it, they may believe you are talking with them.  At times like this, it might well prove a disaster to us all should a wrong message be understood.”  Again Noahashonie promised to be obedient and very careful.  EpiphanOida smiled.  “Good!”
Noahashonie marveled at all the quiet commotion going on around them as the two walked across the opened field.  There were several dozen carts and wagons clustered there, all constructed in the same crude fashion as the ones she witnessed upon the road earlier.  In the middle of each cluster, people scurried about, busily working away, guided in their labors by shaded lights that reminded the girl of giant fireflies.  So much she wanted to know what was going on, but she dared not ask a word, having promised EpiphanOida to be quiet.
EpiphanOida would stop when they came to a group of workers, speaking to them in a tongue strange to the girl’s ears.  Each time she had hurried on, picking up the pace.  The woman was soon taking off on a run.  Far to the end of the huddled wagons the two ran, excitement growing in EpiphanOida’s heart.  When reaching them, they passed through, between the wagons, and headed directly for people huddled near a small, two-wheeled cart.
Again EpiphanOida spoke up in that strange language, but the person replied in the common tongue, “Yes, Mother, we are safe and well.”
After generous hugs and kisses, EpiphanOida and the woman, still hidden under her hooded robe, went on to chat about many things that Noahashonie understood little of.  She was eventually caught up watching the busy work others around her were doing.  Soon the girl had wandered away, her mind becoming lost in the magical wonders she beheld.
While she was puzzling over some very long wooden paddles that two disrobed men were inserting into a hub of sorts, the girl was startled when someone rested two hands on her shoulders.  Instinctively spinning around, while fearing she would see Dungie’s hungry eyes staring into her face, Noahashonie saw instead a robed figure whose face remained hidden in a shadowed hood.
“Would you like a cloak?” a cheerful, womanly voice asked, noticing the girl was still dressed only in her loincloth and that the night was well along, with a chill in the air.
Noahashonie smiled, thanking the woman for her kindness.
The woman took a cloak draped across an arm and wrapped it over the girl’s shoulders.  “There,” the woman cooed so sweetly, “the night is still long and you might catch your death in the growing dampness.”  Directing Noahashonie over to an empty wooden box, the two quietly sat.
For some time they remained silent, watching the bustle of excited work going on around them.  Finally the woman took Noahashonie’s hand while pulling back her hood.  Smiling, she explained, “Mother…Dancing Stones asked me to stay with you, she having to hurry away on most important business.”  A worried frown swept across her face, just as quickly disappearing.  The ghostly light from the workers’ lanterns revealed the face of a rather young-looking woman with sparkling blue eyes and auburn hair.  She offered, “My name is NudaFondae.  My grandmother, ShosheeHoihido, was the lady you met coming into this camp tonight.  ShosheeHoihido is the daughter of Dancing Stones and Dodanim, last of her children.”
Noahashonie grinned, “Then you must also be one of the Daughter Dragons, too.”
Nuda shook her head.  “No… no, I am not, for only by the laying on of the hands of our Mother Goddess, Aphrodite or Dragon Queen, Dancing Stones, can the power of the Dragons be delivered to a person.  Never have I seen Aphrodite.  Only stories of her adventures have I come to know and Dancing Stones has not chosen me for the laying on of the hands celebration as yet.
“But,” Nuda exclaimed, “the hands of Dancing Stones have touched me in a way so that I do have some of the spirit of the Dragons!  Plus, I have the blood of Dodanim, the headman of the Dragons and that of Dancing Stones, leader over all the daughters.  Long life and many adventures I expect to have, have had.”
Noahashonie now shook her head in question.  “Dancing Stones says that I am a Daughter Dragon, but these great ladies have not touched my flesh with their hands in celebration.  I know not of Aphrodite at all, either, except through stories told by Dancing Stones and the old men of my city.  How can I be a Daughter Dragon then?”
Nuda took hold of Noahashonie’s shoulders, grinning with pleasure.  “You have been touched by the greatest of all the Dragons, the Mother Goddess of the Whispering Waters, the Maker of all beautiful things.  She came to you in your dreams and laid her hands upon you.  The spirit of the Dragons is strong within you because the Woman in the Whispering Waters made you strong like our Mother Goddess.”
 “How do you know these things?” Noahashonie asked, surprised.
Laughing, Nuda answered, “You, yourself, confessed it at your wedding.  Do you think a NussoGamos is such a little thing that no one cares?  Far and wide, even across the distant Eastern Sea has the name ‘Noahashonie’ been spoken aloud about the council fires, Noahashonie, ‘daughter of the Dragon Maker and Bringer of Peace’.  It was not by the laying on of the hands that you have become a Daughter Dragon.”
Noahashonie puzzled over what Nuda was telling her.
Seeing this, Nuda asked, “Does not the daughter of the Dragon Maker and Bringer of Peace know who the Dragon Maker is?”
“A great and powerful spirit…” Noahashonie answered, pointing toward the stars.
Putting a hand on Noahashonie’s knee while pointing skyward, Nuda explained, “My sister, there are but three spirits, or should I say, three kinds of spirits.  First there are the Sky Children.  They are truly not spirits as many think, but live in beautiful bodies like ours, except they are much more handsome than we.”  She winked then frowned.  “Both good and bad they are, all brothers and sisters in the flesh, but enemies in the spirit.”
Leaning close and resting her other hand on Noahashonie’s left knee, Nuda added, “Then there are the spirits of mystery.  Some say they are little more than tools of the Great Spirit.  Others speak of them as real persons.  I think they may be both, one or the other, a name common to the machines of the Great Spirit.  I also believe there are many, many of these second spirits.  Even the Sky Children call them a mystery, either real or fanciful.”
She then leaned closer, until Noahashonie could feel the woman’s warm breath on her face.  “You are beautiful, a sweet rose to be treasured in one’s bosom.  When days of peace again cover this land, we must drink the wine together in celebration of our meeting tonight.”
Noahashonie blushed, casting her gaze down to Nuda’s hands.  It was not that the girl was unaware of womanly romance, it even being common among her people.  And she had slept tenderly together with EpiphanOida on many nights since their journey from Missisaugwah, the woman even teaching her the special ways to arouse the ardor of her husband.  This, though, was the first time a woman ever flirted with her.  She didn’t know quite what to say.
Observing this, Nuda leaned back, still resting her hands on Noahashonie’s knees.  “And the third spirit is the Great Spirit.  There is but one Great Spirit, having many names.  ‘Iam’ is most common.  That is the manly side of the Great Spirit.  The woman with laughing green eyes and golden hair, The Great Mother Goddess who hides in the Whispering Waters…this is the womanly side of the Great Spirit.  Yes, the Great Spirit is both manly and womanly, but it has been hinted by the Sky Children that the Great Spirit chooses to reside in a womanly body.  It has also been said that she has even walked among men on darksome nights, her beauty too great to been seen in the light of day.”
Nuda sighed, her eyes drifting as though remembering distant dreams.  “’Wenonah’, that is the name the Daughter Dragons do call her by.  There are those among us who have claimed to have seen her walking naked in the darkness of the moon, her long, golden hair floating upon the breeze.  She comes when danger is near and the hopeless hour draws close.  In that time of distress, she strengthens the hearts and renews the spirits of those whose hope is on the wane.”
The woman looked around as if sniffing the breeze.  “I feel her presence this eve.  Danger rides upon the winds as we speak.  Tomorrow is uncertain.  I sense it.  Death drifts upon the chill night air.  She has come to reassure us that should we all die on the morrow, it will not have been in vain.”
Noahashonie looked up in time to see a shadow cross Nuda’s face as a look of uncertainty grew on her lips.  Instantly it was gone, the woman offering a toothy grin.  She patted the girl’s leg.  “Well, I believe there are many things for us to do this night.  Still let me warn you, if all the Dragons know your name and the great power our newest of Daughter Dragons possesses, it is for a fact that the priests of Horus know the same!  You must be very careful!  If they catch you, they will want to offer you up on an altar to their gods of war or do even worse, if there can be such a thing.”
Noahashonie nodded sadly, remembering the many warnings from EpiphanOida.  Thinking of her, she asked, “Dancing Stones is old by many ages of men, even remembering our Great Father, Noah.  Yet she is most beautiful, a woman young and full of life like you.  Are you also ancient?”
Nuda laughed, shaking her head.  “No, no, not at all.  I am but thirty and four summers.  I do have the blood of the Great Dragons in me, so I might live many years more.  And no, I have no children.  There has not yet come a man to my bed who I wish to make a child with.”  She frowned sadly, adding quietly, “One day, maybe…”
Someone called out Nuda’s name.  Standing and offering her hand, the woman asked, “Will you stay beside me this night.  Let me feel your warmth as we walk.  It has become quite chilly, don’t you think?”

*    *    *

Javan’s plan for the fords worked better than expected.  The hunters of Riphath were quick and decisive.  Other than a few hapless guards, the remainder of the soldiers slain were dispatched while still fast asleep.  It troubled Javan to think of men being murdered in their sleep, puzzling over the feeling.  After all, he considered the killing of the enemy while awake to be fair and just, even should it be by concealed archers hiding in ambush.  Javan pushed those quandaries from his mind, having more disturbing matters to trouble over.
Reports coming from runners filled him with questions.  At several locations, the enemy had gone to considerable effort constructing pontoon bridges across the shallow waters at the fords.  There were also roads constructed with pole trees that stretched away from the fords back toward the enemy camp, also having delivered many piles of tree poles to the fords, seemingly their intention being to build roads after advancing across the river.
As he stood under a canopy near the campfire, discussing these issues with some of his captains, EpiphanOida hurried into camp.  The woman was nearly breathless and soaking with sweat, appearing she had been on a run for some distance.  Everyone turned their attention to her, anxious to hear a report.
EpiphanOida rested a hand on one of Javan’s captain’s arms as she stood there, catching her breath.  She did not wait for her lungs to stop crying for air before excitedly declaring her news.  “Great…wheeled war…machines…I have seen!”  She paused again, sucking fresh air into screaming lungs.  When they were satisfied, giving her reprieve from gasping, she continued, “I have been beyond the river and seen with my own eyes the things of which I am about to speak.”
She stared into the faces of those present, seeking their full attention.  “Great and terrible are the newly arrived machines of Hormax, with many wheels, each taller than a man’s reach!  And long and wide they are, too, with walls and battlements for fighting from.  Twenty archers, maybe more, can stand their parapets.  Others have boxes on them that can shoot blazing fire from long tubes.  Also large siege weapons that hurl fire and stones are mounted on some.”  Motioning back across the river, she exclaimed, “Five score I counted myself!  Some were parked with sleeping crews camped about.  Others were still arriving from the south.  They do not move by being pulled by beasts of burden, but their horses roar and belch smoke like the sky ships.  Twenty cubits long they are, and six wide.  Great and terrible they are!  Great and terrible!”
Turning to an astonished Javan, EpiphanOida raised her hands in an anxious gesture.  “You…we must stop them before they can cross over the river!”  Having already heard the report of the pontoon bridges, she excitedly added, “The roads and bridges must be destroyed!  At all cost, they must be torn asunder and burned! The fords must be held until we can remove any threat of those monsters getting over onto this side of the river!”
Javan was uncertain about what to do, pointing out that most of the army had been busy all night, building up their defenses.
EpiphanOida shook her head, emphasizing the danger.  “My King, I…my people cannot defeat those demon machines if you allow them passage to this side of the river!  No weapon do we possess that can defend your army against that coming onslaught.  The war will be lost if we cannot hold them beyond the waters at least for another day or two.  We must hold those fords should it cost all the souls who stand beside us tonight.  There is no hope at all, if they retake the fords.  Japheth’s blood will be swallowed up forever.”
Javan paused, deep in thought, looking toward the east.  There was possibly a half hour of darkness remaining.  Turning to his captains, he ordered them to gather as many of their troop as possible.  “Wake the camp without the horn.  Gather all you can to the fords.  Send your bravest soldiers to man the southern shores.  Tell them they must hold to the last man or until the work of our engineers is finished.”
In only moments, the entire camp was in quiet tumult, Javan not wanting to sound alarm so loudly that the enemy might hear the commotion in their own camps.  Soon there were scatterings of armed companies racing to the south.  Already engineers were making their way toward the fords along with many wagons filled with tools and hundreds of laborers to accomplish the formidable task at hand.
As Javan busied himself in conference with two of his captains, he saw Odethbethel, his wife and mother of Dungie, and OriththeaStar, his and Odethbethel’s youngest daughter, the girl being in her mid teens.  They were moving toward a company of waiting soldiers dressed in armor and carrying short spears.  Calling out to them, he asked what they were doing.
Odethbethel called back, “We are going to the fords to hold the battle line.”
Javan would have none of it, telling them to remain in the camp.
Odethbethel turned and came over, determination showing on her face.  She boldly retorted, waving her hand toward the gathering storm, “Look around you!  The women of our land march to the death as one.  Brandishing the spear are even mothers swaddling their sucklings.  I will not stand aside while my sisters risk all for this cause.  We go!  With or without your blessing, we go!  With our blood, we will prove ourselves!”
Javan felt ashamed and bowed his head in remorse.  Pulling his wife close while motioning OriththeaStar over, he kissed Odethbethel.  After doing the same with his daughter, he took hold of the women’s hands, giving them his blessing.  “Shall the sun set upon our lives this day, then it shall have been facing the enemy.  Should Iam grant me the honor, then we will meet again afore the setting sun, or later in another more peaceful time.”
Odethbethel and OriththeaStar repeated the same words and then kissed Javan goodbye.  In seconds, they were whisked away into the darkness, falling in with the company of soldiers now on the move.
Ordering up his mount, KiiCue, Javan turned to his couriers, pointing, “There are two fords to our direct front, and another five scattered along our lines.  I will set my banners upon the Old South Pike.  There you will find me.  My orders are to press the enemy at the fords at all cost until our engineers report their work finished.  If you cannot reach me in time because of a breach in our defenses, tell my officers to throw in all reserves, including any camp laborers.  Tell them to hold to the last man.  If such becomes the case, I expect to hear your voices sounding loud the battle, too.”
Off they went in a rush.  In moments, KiiCue had been delivered to Javan.  He was preparing to mount when a noisy clatter of wagons being driven hard fell upon his ears.  As he turned to see what the commotion was all about, there burst into the firelight a four-wheeled wagon madly driven by a hooded teamster, the snap of his whip pushing the team into a run.  Beside him sat a passenger, leaning forward while clinging to a side rail on the box seat.  Behind the box, a gear with a long, covered object rattled and bounced, threatening to overturn.  As quickly as it appeared, the machine was gone into the darkness, only to be as quickly followed by another and then another.
Soon more wagons with stampeding teams raced through the camp, filled with people, most hooded.  Then, to Javan’s surprise and despair, a hand shot high, waving toward him, accompanied by the sound of a familiar voice shouting his name.  Searching the many faces bobbing about in the bouncing wagon bed, he spied Noahashonie, the man crying out her name in concern.
Noahashonie laughed, excitedly shouting back just as the wagon plunged into the darkness, “To war!  We go to war!”
Javan let out a remorseful cry as he reached hopelessly in the direction of the disappearing machine.  “Has the whole world gone mad?!  Does a death wish hang upon us all?!”
Cothath and SchroGarthTho, along with their traveling companions, stood nearby with MaraMonte and their camels.  They quickly mounted up, charging after the wagon, Cothath leading MaraMonte after him, calling back over his shoulder, “We shall watch over the child.  Do what you must and fear not for her welfare!”
Javan’s heart sank.  Even should they attain success this day, many of his people would not see tomorrow’s sunrise.  The enemy would advance in force. They had no choice.  AnahNakaNoah’s entire strategy for winning was based upon the use of his many Hormaxian weapons.  To use them effectively against Javan’s military structure, he must cross the river.  Pharaoh’s army of flesh and bone vastly outnumbered Javan’s contingent, although he was gaining in number by the day.  But pharaoh was not counting on his army to defeat Javan.  The priests of Horus had blinded pharaoh to the power of their weapons.  The man must now trust to those powers.
Javan was nearing the pike just as the sun peeked over the eastern hills.  It was then that EpiphanOida caught up with him.  No sooner had she arrived than he began to complain about her leaving Noahashonie to her own wiles.  “She’s gone off to the war, joining up with some wild troop charging off to the slaughter!  I trusted her to your care, and what has it brought me?”
Though stung by his accusations, EpiphanOida did not make retort.  The night had been difficult for everyone.  What Javan needed was reassurance that this day would end in a strategic victory for his people.  Today many brave soldiers would not return to camp, the Bantoowazzi River running red with their blood.  Now was not a time to squabble over what should have been.
She did not make excuse for herself when offering a reply.  “I chose what was best for my Lord, leaving our child in the hands of my daughter’s granddaughter, NudaFondae.  The girl is as safe with her troop as she would be hiding in the trenches.  My King, a secret for only your ears, with us this very hour are some of the Sky Children.  PalaHar, himself, has chosen to gather with us to the battle.  Do not bring shame upon our winged warriors who risk this game today to fight beside their brothers of flesh and blood.  As we live, so shall they, standing beside us for good or ill.  Your child is even now residing in the company of that man.  What better company can she be in?”
“PalaHar, the warrior prince is with us?!”  Javan exclaimed, his face filling with excitement.
EpiphanOida shushed him, placing a finger up to his lips.  “And the Lady, too, or soon will be.  The Lady took a spill in the darkness, her leg being badly torn by iron spikes sticking out of a passing wagon wheel.  She is doing well, and plans to join us soon.”
Javan became even more excited, almost crying out, “Sodasonie!  She is here?!”
Shushing him again, EpiphanOida explained, “Report has come to us that the priests of Horus, through incantations and magic, have raised up some of the demon children to take possession of many of their mighty warriors, giving to them powers and abilities extraordinaire.  The Sky Children of Iam will not possess another man for either life or death.  They have thus decided to take on bodies of flesh and join us in the battle.”
She warned, “Remember the words of Sodasonie that she spoke to you.  ‘An arrow may cleave my soul as easily as it does yours.’  Together, side by side, our brothers and sisters from the Heavens above who join us this day risk life and limb the same as we.  They are not immortal.  As humans they will fight.  With sword and axe, they shall stand the battle line beside us.  True, they have delivered some strange and powerful weapons into our hands, but we, the Dragons, for the most part shall wield them, it being the wiser course of warfare.”  She did not explain the reasons for her last statement.
Taking Javan’s arm, EpiphanOida leaned close, kissing him on the cheek.  She then quietly offered her last bit of counsel.  “We look to our king this day, to do his will and follow his directions clear to the death.  You are our king.  Even the Sky Children will obey your orders during this coming battle.  Use the wisdom you have to save those you can.  Remember the power from the laying on of the hands of our Mother Goddess.  Remember the wisdom the Lady has taught you.  Remember the love and devotion I have shown to you.  Do these things and you will come off victorious.”
Javan took hold of EpiphanOida’s arm, asking, “Will you stand beside me this day?  Let it be that should the world burn around us, we shall have raised swords together for one last time so that we shall sing a merry song of defiance before our enemies.”
EpiphanOida sadly nodded, answering, “But it shall be with songs of victory as we bring down Hormax’ hordes!  They shall not cross the river this day!  They shall never set a sole of one foot upon this side of the river!  Not as long as a breath resides in any of us!”

General Chuphoe Tobanahazz belatedly heard the news that the fords had been overrun by the enemy, being far to the southern part of the camp, supervising the newly arriving battalion of wheeled war machines.  By the time he could muster the main body of the army into action, it was well past the dawning hour.  Several smaller guard units had gone in ahead, working piecemeal toward the fords, but were met with heavy resistance from columns of infantry, accompanied by a scattering of light cavalry hurrying their way down the corded roads.  They were pushed back over half a mile from the river before reinforcements brought a stop to the enemy’s advance.
It was another hour before the main body of General Chuphoe’s army could finally move.  By that time, thick, gray smoke from countless fires filled the air, hanging low upon the misty fields.  As the general pushed more and more of his army up toward the river, his companies collided with those already stalled on the roads.  In time, they were forced to spread out haphazardly into the thick grasses of the swampy fields alongside those roads.
The smoky mist was becoming so pervasive, it was nearly impossible for company commanders to see across their own battle lines.  Soon entire units were wandering in every direction, totally lost in the thick, pungent gloom.  Archers hesitated releasing their arrows when seeing people in the murky fog, fearing hitting their fellow soldiers.  All these problems, combined with the tricksy way the morning played upon the sounds of battle, led many fighting units astray.  Oftentimes, men would surge forward only to find themselves standing upon the flooded shores of the river while sounds of battle had mysteriously moved off to their right or left.
The morning sun was high above the eastern mountains before rising breezes revealed secrets hiding upon the Megiddo plains, the army beginning to slowly drive the enemy back toward the fords.  Gradually, their opponents grudgingly surrendered the field, leaving little but torn ruins and smoldering piles of charred wood on the blood-soaked ground.
As winds cleared the smoking haze, the battle surged until it was being carried to the full.  The general’s soldiers were soon pressing across a battle line that would often stretch from the riverbank far to one side of the ford to the bank far on the other side of it, the center of the line protruding outward in a bulge where it crossed the roadway.
His army’s advancement along the fords’ roads did little to ease Chuphoe’s growing anxiety.  Already the enemy had severely damaged the corded roads, and he could only imagine what was being done to his floating bridges.  It would take days to repair the destruction, and every passing minute saw it getting worse.
If only the winged sky ships would rise to the battle!  He looked into the growing breeze, dismayed, for it would be another hour, possibly two, before the late morning calm would set in.  He could not wait that long.  The cavalry was bogged down in the swamps, leaving only his infantry to carry the battle, and they were stalled along the roads.  The infantry must force the breech, unless…unless…
“Bring up the wheeled fortresses!” Chuphoe shouted to his officers.  “They will open the path for our heavy infantry.”
In half an hour, a dozen roaring, wheeled monsters able to shoot fire or stones, along with scores of triumphant, shouting bowmen riding in the upper parapets of the roaring beasts, lumbered past in slow procession toward the fords.  After passing the general, they turned and headed for their ordered destinations.  One after another, they rumbled forward, these marvels of Hormaxian invention taking on the flesh and bone of frail humans.
Smiling as the last of the giant war machines passed up the roads, the general took solace in the thought that all along his line, dozens of other wheeled fortresses were making their way into the battle for the fords.  He gazed into the sky.  The breeze was slowly dying down, and the sun blazed in all its glory.  Soon the winged warships would take to the air and bring a speedy end to this meddlesome intrusion forcing this battle!

Odethbethel’s company crossed the river while shades of night were turning early morning gray.  They were held in reserve while the more heavily armed infantry marched further down the southern roadway.  In short order, the company was put to the tedious and difficult work of tearing up the corded road and stacking the wood into piles to set it ablaze. The trees, being damp and green, did not want to burn, forcing them to wait for pitch wagons to cross the river before setting fire to the pole trees.  In the meantime, some from the group began carrying closer poles to the river, throwing them into the water.
It was not long before reports were heard of a battle down the road, soon confirmed by the sight of walking wounded making their way back toward the bridge, followed by litters and wagons filled with those severely injured.  As the battle intensified, newly arrived infantry would move to the left or right after exiting the bridgehead.  A short time later, the clamor of combat not too far away to the south could be heard.  When Odethbethel asked about their situation, she was reassured that their line was still holding and not to fear the moment.
By the time morning light had become strong, the last of the pitch wagons had passed over the bridge, smoke from fiery stacks of pole trees billowing into the sky.  The bridge was being dismantled, its planking torn up and pulled by teams of workers to the northern shore, while huge pontoons crafted of wooden frames covered by heavy, waterproof canvas were tied up along the southern shore.
The captain of Odethbethel’s company told her that those things were their means of escape should they be forced back across the river.  “Not much to look at, but better than swimming.  This is a deep ford, good for horses maybe, but those on foot would have a mighty hard time of it.”
Odethbethel looked around, concerned.  “Not enough for all of us.  There’s too many to make escape in those things!”
Looking down the road toward the sound of battle, the captain shook his head, sadly commenting, “There’ll be a lot fewer left to cross afore this day is through.”  Someone called his name and he departed.
After setting her end of a tree pole across a fire, Odethbethel called OriththeaStar over.  The girl was covered in sweaty ash, her wavy, brown hair matted with dirt.  “Yes, mother?”
Taking her hand, Odethbethel warned, “The day will become very hot before it ends.  You stay close beside me!  We will either live together or die together.  Little is the chance of escape, should the enemy breach our line.  Our fate is one fate.”
OriththeaStar grinned, promising to stay close, and then answered reassuringly, “We will be fine, Mother.  Our people are strong and mighty.  We will hold the day.”
Odethbethel grimly smiled.  After asking for assistance with another pole, she looked away toward the sound of battle.  “We shall see.  We shall see…”

Noahashonie’s troop was dug in on the north side of the river during the early morning hours.  The girl watched hundreds of brave soldiers cross over the floating bridge into the gloom of morning darkness and mist.  She and NudaFondae had been assigned duty as helpers, to do whatever was needed while Cothath and the others with him were busy digging breastworks around the queer-looking weapon with its end pointed toward the sky.
By carefully asked questions of the robed and hooded strangers and by listening attentively to what she could understand of their conversations, Noahashonie learned that the weapon was called a ‘gunn’, at least in the language of these people.  The end of the gunn was pointed skyward, its carriage being designed to angle the tube of the weapon up or down.  The carefully bundled arrows stacked beside the gunn were to be fitted down the end of the weapon and thrown high into the air when it was set off, whatever that meant.
About the breezy part of the morning, a courier rushed into camp, pointing wildly across the river, asking their assistance on its opposite side.  Hurriedly, the camp went to work, preparing for departure.  In less than ten minutes, they were inching their way across a partially dismantled bridge.  Reaching the far end, the headman of the troop consulted with the engineer responsible for destroying the bridge while the others continued forward along the broken road.  It was agreed upon that the last three pontoons along with their decking should stay moored on the southern shore, lines stretching across the river, anchoring them to the northern bank.  “We must be able to deliver our machines safely from the enemy’s hands,” the headman told the engineer.
“It will be done as you ask,” promised the engineer.  He then assigned a detachment of soldiers to protect the pontoons. The headman turned and hurried to catch up with his troop.
About three hundred rods down the road, the troop unlimbered and turned the end of the gunn to face south.  They kept the end of its tube low, facing down the road.  Two robed people laboriously prepared the piece by fitting arrows securely down the front of the weapon.  A black, metal door covering the back of the tube opened to the side on hinges, revealing a circular chamber surrounded by a thick, metal band.  Someone stuffed a small bag of something into the hole and slammed the door shut.
“Good to go!” the person shouted.
Several people took hold of the gunn carriage and began to move it down the muddy roadway.  Noahashonie and Nuda followed close behind, each carrying a bundle of arrows along with a shoulder bag containing more small bags and strange-looking copper pins with long strings.  At first the going was easy, but soon the roadway began crowding with walking wounded, some with terrible burns.  At length, they were forced to stop because of the crush of soldiers falling back along the road.
The headman shouted to the captains to form their lines up on each side of the road.  “There is no retreat!  The river awaits us behind and Hell seeks us in the front!  It is death either way.  Hold here with me and we shall make a story worth telling!”
Noahashonie was standing beside the gunn’s breech when she first caught sight of a wheeled monster lumbering toward her.    From a tall stack spewed a riotous, deafening noise and black smoke, the music of its wild horses driving this demon forward.  Some ten cubits high it stood, and as wide as a small house.  Behind its battlements, bowmen shot arrows down on their foes, many of Dodanim’s sons and daughters falling from the constant onslaught.  Should anyone dare come close to the slowly advancing monster, fire would leap forth and consume the person.
“Hold your line!  Hold your line!” the headman shouted, pushing a copper pin into a tiny hole in the top of the breech.
As Javan’s army slowly gave ground, paying severely for each foot they held, enemy soldiers would hurry forward, placing new tree poles in front of the wheeled beast.  On it came, pushing aside any and all opposition in its way.
When it was within range of Javan’s archers, the headman ordered the waiting bowmen to fill the air, sending hundreds of arrows toward the lumbering beast.  Some of the arrows found their mark, sending hapless enemy archers over the machine’s parapet or backward, out of sight.  Still the monster machine approached.
“Keep up the attack!” the headman shouted to the bowmen.  “Keep them busy!  Make it hot for them!”
It was true, too, that many arrows fell among those bringing up tree poles, holding up the rebuilding of the road.  The giant machine was forced to slow while the crew waited for more poles to fill the roadway.  The giant monster was far too heavy to manage its way along on the soggy ground, needing a solid surface to advance.  Added to the monster’s onslaught, enemy infantry continued pressing forward, their own archers casting countless arrows into Javan’s army.  Noahashonie could see that soon the enemy would be directly upon them.  Even now, arrows were falling all around, cries of the wounded and dying reverberating in the girl’s ears.
As the retreating army on the road parted ways at the gunn, Noahashonie was able to witness more of the fighting.  Heavy, hand-to-hand combat persisted along the battle line, stretching all the way back to the river, their gunn being the forward-most citadel of their army.
“On my mark, you will charge your men!” the headman shouted to a captain, then began taking a site down the long tube of the gunn, playing with some tiny wheels under the breech as he did.
Finally, the last of the soldiers cleared the roadway, leaving the monster in full view of Noahashonie.  Oh, how huge and foreboding the machine appeared, belching black smoke as it roared like an enraged dragon!  All the while, men shot arrows from behind its high walls, filling the air with them.  On it came, other soldiers on the ground hurriedly placing more poles out in front of it, paying no heed to their opponents’ missiles falling down upon them.
At about thirty paces, the headman quickly took another look along the top of the tube, aiming for a tiny, slotted door in the lower part of the front of the machine and shouted, “Clear the line!” jumping aside of the gunn.
Noahashonie watched, transfixed, as the gunn’s mouth belched smoke and fire, sending a flaming bundle of arrows straight into the front of the wheeled monster.  She went deaf temporarily from the explosion, watching in shock and surprise as the gunn carriage wheels rose about a cubit into the air and the entire weapon flew backward about another six cubits.  Fire erupted across the entire face of the wooden bulwarks of the wheeled monster.  It lurched forward, running beyond the tree poles, sinking down into the soggy ground beyond the poles, immobilized.
“Charge the hole!” the headman yelled, the captain picking up his call as the soldiers on either side of the road took up the battle cry and forced the charge.
Upon seeing their hero stuck in the mud and burning, the men on foot took to flight as Javan’s warriors swarmed over and beyond the stalled machine.  Behind the first monster, two more wheeled ships sat stalled.  In only minutes, the corded road behind them was torn up, leaving them stranded, helpless.  Minutes more and the crews and defenders of all the machines were dispatched and the wheeled monsters set ablaze.
Once more the headman fired the gunn, raining dozens of burning arrows down upon the retreating enemy.  Noahashonie danced in victorious delight as she watched their flight.  The girl called out to her friend in celebration.  When no one answered, she turned to see where her companion had gone off to.  Nuda had not gone far.  The woman lay there dead, beside the bundle of arrows she had been holding, an arrow having pierced her heart.

*    *    *

Even though Javan’s kingly reign had been filled with peace, the man was well-acquainted with the arts of war.  He was schooled in the history of war, having studied at the feet of some of the world’s best orators.  His studies included all the recorded Eastern wars, from the Nimrodian-Egypto Wars down through the Abramic-Five Kings War, to the recent Sino-Babylonian War, and also wars of the western Southlands.  The Sibble Rebellion, Sibble meaning to ‘bring together violently’, led to the uniting of the southern kingdoms under the arm of NakaSerbaniSibble, being one.  (NakaSerbaniSibble was father to AnahNakaNoah.)
Javan was also a widely traveled man.  The southwestern region of his kingdom had long been a wild and violent land.  Like his son, Dungie, he, too, had spent several years as a youth, growing up with his kindred in the West.  Their way of executing a battle was well learnt by him, their tactics proving speed and prowess far more powerful weapons than merely numbers in soldiers.  Today the wisdom gained from those earlier experiences saved the hour for Javan’s army.
By calculating the time needed for engineers to complete their destructive work against the expected fighting life of a battle-line soldier in mortal combat, combined with the size of the field needed to offer proper retreat time, Javan reckoned the number of soldiers he needed to cross the river at each ford in order to accomplish his purpose.  To his head captain, orders were given to limit that number to his directive.
He had also been busy training his army to advance their line of battle in columns of two or three, depending on the width of the field a company needed to cover.  A soldier in combat would tire quickly.  Javan’s intended plan was to have the front line engage for a set number of minutes then, at the captain’s call, the second line would get ahead of the first line to engage, the third line doing the same later for the second, and then, later, the first repeating the maneuver.
Should retreat be sounded, the battle maneuvers would be somewhat reversed.  Upon the captain’s call, the front line would surrender the ground to the second line, setting up a new line behind the rear, and so on as the army slowly retired the field.
This day, Javan had placed enough of his army across the river to create the three lines of defense, while leaving another two to four companies in the rear as reserves.  This did not include the few small companies of bowmen as well as soldier-laborers assisting the engineers.  If his orders were properly executed, there should be about 1,000 to 1,500 of his people on the southern bank at each of the fords.  Even if this day proved successful, a fourth of those soldiers would not be returning to the battle on the morrow.  If it was a hot day, then half or more would not see the north side of the river again.
Javan slowly shook his head in sadness as he searched the swampy Megiddo plains.  Reports were sketchy at best.  News from couriers relayed the army was standing strong in front of the fords, but at great cost.  The enemy’s machines were being held back on most of the roads, sometimes by the use of the Dragons’ weapons and, at other times, by the sheer tenacity of the defenders.  Work was not easy for the engineers, the bridges being well-constructed for moving the enemy’s wheeled monsters across them.  It would take some time yet for the corded roads and pontoon bridges to be fully destroyed.  Each dreaded hour would cost Javan’s army hundreds more casualties.
As he awaited further news, Javan slowly paced back and forth in front of his standard bearer, pondering the moment while casting a wary eye to the sky far beyond the river.  A banner hung limp in the late morning heat.  Any moment now and the enemy’s sky ships should be seen on the blue horizon far to the south.  EpiphanOida warned that more would come this day, and now with so much of his army out in the open?
Looking north toward the newly constructed trenches, he breathed a nervous sigh of relief.  The enemy would concentrate its attention on the river, leaving the earthworks alone.  So many there were green volunteers...farmers, fishermen and herdsmen.  A reprieve from another airborne onslaught was most important for their morale.  He looked toward the south.  Oh, but his warriors at the river!  Already they had been in the thick of fighting since the sun had risen.  If it had not been for the enemy’s confusion on the field, they might well have been driven back long ago.
Javan felt a hand on his shoulder followed by the sound of a gentle voice.  “My King, your countenance is strong this day.  The bravery of your people reflects your majesty.”  Turning around, Javan stared dumbly into EpiphanOida’s face.  She smiled, “It takes an army to fight a battle, but only one man to win or lose it.  Your people love you, trust you.  You have made them brave and noble this day.  You will not let them down.”
Javan quietly thanked her, desiring to say so much more.  He wanted to shout out in anger and frustration, asking why he was blessed with the honor of slaughtering so many of his own.  Why not give this to a man who loved war, cared for the chase, reveled in the violent game?  Yes, this great king only wanted to seek the solace of the tall forest, an axe at his side to cut the wood for the fire and his lover on his arm to share the bear robe with him on chilly nights.  Why did this man who loved peace more than life find himself the one selected by the gods to bring ruin to everything good and evil in this land?  Why was he chosen to be master over so much death and destruction?  Javan said nothing.  Nodding, he took EpiphanOida’s hand, thanking her for her kindness.

*    *    *

The battle for the fords was certainly a hot one, the likes of which were long remembered by veterans who defended them on that day.  Noahashonie learned quickly the game of war is not played by any sane rules at all.  There were no tears for lost companions or loved ones, and the wounded usually needed to tend to their own safety.  Even Noahashonie could only remember the battle through foggy memories long after that riotous conflagration was over.
During a short lull in the fighting, before the enemy regrouped after abandoning the wheeled monsters, reserve companies roved about, gathering up the dead.  Nuda’s body was unceremoniously tossed into a boxed, two-wheeled cart with another dozen or so dead and hauled back across the river, the last wagon to pass over the pontoon bridge before its final demolition.  What was most bothersome to Noahashonie was that she had paid little attention to it at the time, the girl busy with other duties.
When the battle resumed, fighting was close enough for the girl to personally witness its death and destruction.  At times, only yards from where she stood her post by the big gunn, the enemy would breach the line.  Fierce hand-to-hand combat would ensue, swords, axes, spears and hammers smashing and colliding in a musical tumult of chaotic destruction.
Arms, heads and other dismembered body parts soon lay scattered on the blood-soaked ground only feet from where the girl stood, yet no one gave any heed to the gore of combat.  On the battle would go, soldiers trampling the remains of  fellow soldiers, stomping through fields made soggy by the unbridled slaughter as if it were little more than muddy earth.  All attention turned to the kill.  They fought and killed until they were killed, and the ones who killed them fought on until they, too, fell to the axe or the sword.
Though Noahashonie would live to see and contend in many more battles here and in lands strange to her, she would never forget her baptism into fire on that stifling summer day at some forgotten place on the southern bank of the Bantoowazzi River.  One day she would raise her own banner of war at the head of her own army in a foreign land far from this place, it would be this battle that would wake her with chills from night dreams that only a person who has been there could understand.
The enemy also had giant gunns, able to hurtle huge, hollow stones that would explode in giant clouds of fire and smoke, throwing countless rock fragments in every direction.  Their bombardment was short-lived because of the tangled proximity of the two sides.  All too often the victims of the gunns’ assaults would be their own people.
When the enemy advanced again, they were much better organized.  The battle raged anew, this time with increasing ferocity.  Noahashonie remembered seeing one wounded warrior stumbling back toward the river, tripping over his own entrails dragging along behind him.  Another time, less than twenty paces away, she watched a husband and wife fighting side by side until an axe blow felled the husband.  The wife charged his attacker, removing his head with her hooked reaping scythe, the woman then advancing into the fray until she, too, succumbed to an enemy’s blow.
Somehow, Javan’s soldiers held together against General ChuphoeTobanahazz’ heavy infantry.  The headman of the gunn took over command of the troop.  His calm direction strengthened the people’s resolve to stand the battle line.  Slowly, he began an orderly withdrawal from the field, pulling the soldiers gradually back toward the southern shore.  The current captain of the gunn ordered it removed to the river.  Noahashonie was put to work at a wheel, pushing the machine toward the remaining portion of the pontoon bridge.
By the time they reached the shore, the girl looked a fright.  She had long since discarded the hooded cloak Nuda had given her.  Being stripped to the waist, she was covered from head to foot in mud and filth.  Her toes on one foot had been broken when the carriage wheel rolled over them, but she didn’t even notice it until they were securely aboard the floating pontoon bridge, being pulled toward the northern shore.  That was a long time yet to come.  Her world at war was only just beginning.

A cry of “They’re coming!  They’re coming!” filled Odethbethel’s heart with panic.  She dropped her end of the tree pole, searching wildly for OriththeaStar.  Just then, the captain cried out for them to fall back to the riverbank.  Frozen in place with fear at not seeing her daughter, Odethbethel began screaming out OriththeaStar’s name.
“I’m here!  I’m here, Mother!”  OriththeaStar came running up from the other side of the ruined roadway.  “I’m here!”  She took her mother’s hand and began pulling her toward the river.  In a few moments, they were both huddled down at the water’s edge, sheltering in the tall grasses to hide as best they could from the bright, blue sky.  Odethbethel wrapped an arm around her child, pulling her close, begging the girl’s forgiveness, crying she should have been wise and listened to Javan’s voice and stayed in the camp, at least for OriththeaStar’s sake.
OriththeaStar peered into Odethbethel’s face, softly cooing, “Do not be foolish, Mother.  The eyes above see all there is to see.  We are safer here than with my father who stands upon the crossroads of the South Pike.  We have the army at our front and the river at our back, one that we can ford at any time.”
Odethbethel nodded, wearing a frightened smile while clutching her child tight.  The moment was all too consuming for her mind to take.  Everything was happening too fast, her head spinning dizzily with blurring visions of minutes past.
Fighting down the road had been intense throughout the morning, a steady stream of walking wounded making their way back across the not yet demolished pontoon bridge.  Most of their injuries were caused by flying objects like arrows, stones, and celtrens... small throwing axes...the majority of these people the ones behind the forward line.  Few of those wounded in the front line hand-to-hand combat ever returned alive from the field.
Suddenly, word came that the enemy was pulling back, abandoning the field, which was strange, because they were gradually pushing Javan’s people toward the river.  Fearing it was a trap, the headman did not order a pursuit but sent pickets forward to reconnoiter the enemy’s activities.  Only moments later, off in the distance, plumes of black smoke could be seen shooting skyward.
Odethbethel watched the headman and his captains shouting and waving their arms frantically, running up and down the lines of soldiers.  The army began to fall flat upon the ground.  At that instant, their captain came running, shouting to them, “Down!  Down!  Lay down flat!” 
Some workers fell flat to the ground while others dove for ditches or tall grasses.  Odethbethel ran to OriththeaStar’s side, taking to the reeds.  They had only settled there when giant black stones began raining down from the sky, shattering the relative calm.
The ground shook violently as stones crashed, blowing huge holes in the dirt, casting smoking chunks of ruin in every direction.  Odethbethel screamed in fright when one stone crashed little more than twenty paces away, throwing a man dozens of feet into the air and tearing another asunder.  Soon it appeared to her that the entire world was being rent apart, terrible, deafening thunders accompanying the ever-growing cries of those torn and maimed by this terror from Hell.
The headman and his captains did not panic, though, and they did not permit such a thing to happen to their soldiers.  Calmly and deliberately, they walked among the troops, reassuring them of their brave deeds and reminding them of their duty to their fellows.  Yes, some captains fell during that time but no captain cowered, and few soldiers bolted and fled the field.
One giant stone fell directly upon the bridge just beyond the south landing, sending torn and shattered planks and beams in every direction.  The bridge was set afire by the blast and broke free of its moorings, slowly drifting away from shore, caught in the river’s sluggish current.  Although safely removed from the enemy’s hands, the bridge now could not be used as a means of escape, forcing the destruction of the remaining wagons and supplies still on this side of the river.
As suddenly as the thundering storm began, it ended, leaving a stunned but still powerful defense force in front of the southern bridgehead.  Curiously enough, the enemy did not advance but remained in battle formation about a half-mile away.  The headman ordered his captains to keep the soldiers on the ground, sending out small details to tend to the wounded.  At the same time, engineers were frantically tearing at the burning bridge to salvage the undamaged pontoons in an attempt to use them to ferry those across the river who were unable to make the fords on their own.
The captain called Odethbethel and the other workers to clear the roadway of debris so that the wounded might be hurried to the landing to await the pontoon boats.  This is where she found herself when the alarm “They’re coming!” was sounded.

General Chuphoe Tobanahazz was growing frustrated with the dismal successes of the morning.  The attack on the fords by the Dodanimian forces was totally unexpected, the priests of Horus assuring Chuphoe that the mere sight of their sky ships would send the enemy fleeing into the forest.  But they did not run away!  No!  They stealthily advanced in the early morning darkness, taking the fords and murdering his soldiers as they peacefully slept unawares!  Now he was having all hell to pay just to retake this side of the river, fearing there was little left to rescue of all his building construction.
What difference did it make now anyway?  The giant, wheeled monsters were no longer a secret, and their advance along the corded roads made them vulnerable to attack.  Their fear factor did not work.  Now there were nearly a score of burning and broken hulks scattered across the Megiddo wasteland.
And the tenacity of the Dodanimian warriors was unbelievable!  They were not only holding their ground, but were bringing down two to three of his best infantry for each one of theirs taken out of the battle.  Chuphoe knew that most of Javan’s people were volunteers, simple folk, not highly trained soldiers as were his troops out on the field this day.  His best, heavy infantry was slowly being decimated in these skirmishes for the fords.  It was true, the swampy ground from the late spring rains made operations difficult to coordinate, but some of his most able officers were in the field to carry the fight, and they were not being successful.
The day had been against him, the ground against him!  With his highly trained army and the machines of Horus, he should have easily retaken the fords long before the sun settled so high in the sky.  There was something queer about everything.  This enemy was brave and tricksy, but other forces were at work here - forces he did not understand.  The enemy had too much going for them.
These common folk held a bulbous line from the bank of the river on one side of the roadway, arching out until it curved back to the riverbank far to the other side of the roadway.  They had a compact inner defense line, making it easy to transfer reserves from one location along the line to the other.  They had captains who seemed to smell the scent of coming battle, always placing troops where they were needed just before the attack would fall heavy on that part of the line.  Their archers – mostly bird and gameland hunters by trade – shot quickly and at close range, standing amongst the infantry, striking effectively with head and neck shots.  These were only good military tactics though…well, for an experienced army at least.
And the bastards refused to break and run, no matter the pressure applied against them!  Oh, they would pull back all right, drawing his massed infantry into hollow traps where fresh defense lines awaited them.  Then from the front and sides, new attacks would come against his forces that were hopelessly compressed into a mass of helpless men with no maneuvering space.  There were already reports coming to Chuphoe that along some of the battle lines, those fallen were so deep they were becoming makeshift fortress walls to get behind and continue to fight.
The headmen and officers of Dodanim’s people were cunning and smart...too smart.  They were not only able to hold together a ragtag band of herdsmen, but wield them as if they were long trained in the world of warcraft!  And the army was a mixed crowd of men and women, at times the women being the more fearsome opponents.  Chuphoe’s officers were outstanding and well-trained, but oh for leaders like the officers of Javan!
Javan!  Javan was supposedly the son of Dodanim.  What a fanciful tale that one was to tell!  Dodanim died nearly six score years ago.  Javan would have to be at least one hundred forty years old to be Dodanim’s son.  Oh yes, there were stories of the human gods of old who walked among men down to this day, but Javan was no such man.  Spies reported that he looked no older than a boy of his twenties.  General Chuphoe was not stupid enough to believe such a foolish myth about Javan!
Then there was that witch, Dancing Stones!  Tales said of her that she was a child from near the founding of their world, shortly after the waters fled the lands.  He had seen the woman once, many years before when she journeyed to the land of NisalEgypt, the land of Chuphoe’s birth.  As a young man, he remembered her, a woman still beautiful but her hair becoming gray.  Now spies reported her flesh to be that of a child little out of her teens with beauty worth dying for just to take one look upon.  Trickery and treachery!  The woman was certainly an imposter!  At least Chuphoe wished in his heart that it be so.  Most fear-inspiring would it be to face an army being led by one of the greatest  ofDaughter Dragons.  Should she really be standing in confederacy with the Dodanimians, the battle would be difficult at best.
A courier hurried in with a written report from the headman over the thunder weapons.  Chuphoe cursed under his breath as he read the message.  ‘Supplies are running low.  Will not be able to sustain the attack much longer.’  Angrily throwing the script to the ground, he stormed out of his command tent and looked toward the southern roads in a vain hope that he would see newly arriving supply wagons for his thunder weapons.  But no, the roads were crowded with only carts filled with foodstuffs, or empty wagons heading away to acquire more food for Chuphoe’s ever-hungry army.  The general cursed again.  He was commanding an army on this front of nearly one hundred-fifty thousand men.  The enemy he was facing currently had thirty thousand along his front, but he could not advance his vast force because of that damned, flooded Megiddo plain, a place he had not wanted to fight a battle in the first place!
Originally it was intended to take the army further north, along the west bank of the Bantoowazzi River, crossing it in the green foothills some fifty leagues north of here.  His plan was to stick close to the BaalZebul’s fertile plains, using their vast greenery to feed the countless herds of animals it took to handle his army’s many needs.  News that Javan was pushing hard to the south, and much sooner than anticipated, forced Chuphoe to turn northeast to meet this new threat.
Although he secured the fords of the Bantoowazzi River ahead of Javan, he was unable to get his army across in time because of the approaching speed of his opponent.  Chuphoe then made a change of plan.  He sent thirty thousand of his army back along the north roads to attempt a crossing way up river, leaving the bulk of his army to push across the fords here, and take on Javan’s soldiers head to head.  With corded roads and strong, floating bridges, he was preparing to move across the river en mass on the morrow, when all the powers of Horus were up.  Now those plans were being shattered.
The little good news was that the sky machines were warming up and waiting orders to take to the air.  Chuphoe quickly sent messengers away, one to order a halt to the thunder attacks, and the other to put the sky ships into the air.  The battle was on and the general was going to throw everything into it.  He would recapture those fords before the night fell, if it took half his army to do it!

*    *    *

“I must leave you for the moment...”  EpiphanOida quietly spoke in Javan’s ear.  “Soon the hour of dread will be upon us.  I must be at the river with my brethren when that hour arrives.”
Javan silently nodded, understanding all too well her importance there.  He softly kissed her on the forehead, whispering, “Stay safe.  I need you…”
Squeezing his hand, she replied, “I love you like I have few other men.  You stay safe and remain of good cheer.  Evil is come to you and me.  It is whispered upon the breeze.  But the victory this day will be our succor.”  Off she went on a run.

EpiphanOida was near the waters’ edge when catching first glimpse of the oncoming sky ships.  She quickly joined a company of men and women frantically working on the long tubes of more big gunns to point skyward, and stacking supplies alongside them.  Most of the gunn crews were stripped to the waist, having long ago abandoned their robes to the heat of the sun…that is, all except two.  Looking closely, EpiphanOida could see that the people who wore those robes had a lot to hide.  On occasion, the woman noticed glints of blue skin and reddish-green hair.  These were not Dragons.
Looking across at the distant shore some two furlongs away, EpiphanOida watched another gunn crew struggling toward the south landing where the remnants of a pontoon bridge were moored.  At sighting the airships, the crew stopped and quickly prepared to meet their antagonist.  It was then she recognized a distant figure scurrying about the gunn.  She let out a worried sigh.  “Noahashonie!  Oh, my child, may the gods be kind to you this day...”  Shading her eyes with her hand, EpiphanOida scanned the gunn crew, searching their faces.  Even from this distance, the woman could recognize there was one person missing.  Her heart sank as a tear rolled down her cheek.  So, the Whispering Spirits were truthful.  Nuda was no more...

*    *    *

Three giant air-ships lumbered toward the prone infantry lines as Noahashonie’s crew labored to angle the big gunn’s muzzle skyward.  The girl glanced up just as the sky machines began dropping huge black stones on the soldiers.  Thundering explosions shook the ground, sending clouds of choking dust and chunks of shattered rock into the air.  This day, though, unlike the day before, there was little panic among the troops.
“Clear the line!” the headman shouted, diving to the side of the gunn.  Thunders echoed against thunders as charge met charge.  This time they were giving it back to the enemy.  Although sky ships were flying too high to receive any major damage from the flaming arrows, it was heartening to see they were at least fighting back.
The ships were no more than overhead when booming blasts from across the river echoed their defiance against these intruders, but those gunns were not shooting flaming arrows.  Smoldering missiles, trailing black clouds, streaked through the sky.  Noahashonie watched in astonishment, seeing them release another and then another thunderous fireball skyward every few seconds, the gunn crews furiously moving the weapons to keep them aimed on the sky ships.
Soon the flying beasts had passed over and off into the distance, laboriously beginning to circle about for another pass.  “They’re too high up!” the headman over the gunn lamented.  “We cannot reach them effectively with the charges we have.”
Noahashonie did not realize the gunn charges brought across the river that day were intended to be used against enemy ground soldiers.  The girl also was unaware that these gunns were able to be loaded with other munitions and from the breach alone, allowing rapid firing.
The headman looked back over his shoulder toward the soldiers on the ground. “We can’t reach them up there, but they can do little damage, throwing things down on us from that height.”  He pointed, “Most fell far from our people.”  Then he looked toward the north, where the giant air-ships were coming about.  “They will do better this time.  Still, I feel the crews are inexperienced at hitting a target with their charges.”
Again the machines came in high over the fords, their thunderstones falling indiscriminately.  Again casualties were few, and again the soldiers stayed low and did not flee.  Noahashonie’s crew cleared the line once more, their arrows having little effect this time, too.  But when those big machines banked to come around, Noahashonie could see them drifting lower, toward the ground.
“Ready the gunn!” the headman cried.  “They’re coming back low to shoot at us!”  He grinned, “Now we have them!”
It took several minutes for the sky ships to make the wide, arching turns and line back up on their targets.  All the across the Megiddo plain, in twos and threes, the flying beasts advanced upon Javan’s defenses.  Having emptied their holds of thunderstones, on this pass the archers and other shooters were going to let loose volleys of deadly weapons on the people below.  To do this effectively, the ships’ crews were coming in close to the ground in order for the archers to achieve a more deadly aim.
By the time the thundering sky ships had managed their returning run, Noahashonie’s crew had reloaded the gunn and had the weapon’s muzzle pointed skyward.  Noahashonie also noticed that some of the soldiers around them were standing, facing the oncoming menace, hefting strange-looking bows.
 “Clear the line!” the headman screamed.
The lead sky ship was bearing straight down on them, not more than one hundred feet above the ground.  Noahashonie never recalled hearing the report her own thundering gunn made because, at that instant, the whole world erupted around her.  Every gunn on the further bank seemed to blast away at their enemy at the same moment.  And rising up from their hiding places in the deep grasses, hooded Dragons with long fire sticks unleashed a horrific charge.
Skimming their ship just above these fields of doom so that his archers could make killing shots was the shipmaster’s undoing.  The blast of flaming arrows from Noahashonie’s gunn scattered fiery darts across the length of the flying monster, many of them sinking from sight as they smashed through the ship’s thin skin.  The girl stood aghast, watching one archer and then another double up and fall over the ship’s rail and plummet to the ground.
Midst this cacophony of riotously deafening insanity, Javan’s bowmen took up the fight, everyone mastering the weapon filling the sky with their deadly rebuttal of defiance.  Two enemy archers fell, dead, behind the forward ranks of Javan’s infantry.  Well, if they were not yet dead, within seconds the people on the ground made sure they were, hacking them to pieces while swearing denunciations and crying out the name of Ogallala, a warning to any of AnahNakaNoah’s soldiers unfortunate enough to fall into the hands of Javan’s vengeful warriors.
Noahashonie stared, transfixed, watching the lead sky ship slowly sinking from the sky, a growing trail of black smoke marking its fall.  And then poof! boom!  An immense fireball erupted out of the monster machine’s side, tearing away its entire right wing.  It twisted into a crazy corkscrew, plunging nose first into the swampy fields just beyond the river.  With a thunderous roar, the machine spewed fire and smoke heavenward, taking with it shattered pieces of the burning beast.
She stood stunned until seeing a half score of fast-moving winged beasts from far beyond the woods rising high into the sky then dropping like angry eagles upon the lumbering behemoths below.  As the much smaller machines came in close overhead, they began dropping tiny, dark objects toward the enemy sky ships, bursting into blinding white balls of fire as they fell.
“Give ‘em hell!  Give’ em hell!  Send ‘em back to the devil!  Drive ‘em down!  Drive ‘em down!”  Noahashonie was stunned when she realized it was her mouth shouting those denunciations.
All across the battle line, the army’s countermeasures were beginning to have a telling effect upon the enemy’s giant sky ships.  Too slow to avoid the firebombs being dropped upon them from the Dragons’ tiny aircraft, and too low to be out of range from even the bowmen on the ground, the flying machines were taking a beating.   Before the air battle was over, another two ships had crashed into marshy grasses north of the river, the fate of both crews similar to that of the two archers.
The ships’ helmsmen were hoping to do little more than make their own lines, falling out of the sky there.  To escape beyond those lines and secure a safe landing was but a dream for many sky ships and crews.  Noahashonie watched several limping back across the river just skimming above the ground.  Oftentimes she could see wounded and dead soldiers sprawled upon the shooting platforms.  Other ships belched acrid smoke from gaping holes in their wings or bodies.
Suddenly, a terrifying rumbling popping of an airship’s horses fell upon Noahashonie’s ears.  She spun around, her heart pounding in fright, just in time to see one of the three sky ships that had earlier attacked them lumbering directly toward her, spewing angry, black smoke and crimson flames as it passed overhead.  In an instant, the entire underbelly of the ship erupted in a raging inferno, hungrily eating its way along the hull.  Screams and cries of those caught in the roiling blaze and the beseeching wails of men desperate enough to jump from the dying hulk haunted the girl’s dreams for many months to come.
Drifting toward the ground, its wings yawing to the right then left and then right again, the ship reminded Noahashonie of a gigantic leaf floating helplessly upon the breeze.  It was difficult for her to fathom the lives that were quickly being snuffed out as she watched.  The machine soon fell from the sky, tearing into the front ranks of the enemy line some half mile away, sending soldiers scattering in every direction as the huge beast, all aflame, crumpled into the ground.  The girl saw no one escape the ship after the crash.
Before the enemy fleet was beyond the horizon, another three piles of flaming wreckage burned upon the fields of Megiddo.  Of those enemy sky ships that did escape the battle, it was questionable how well they fared, many being badly damaged and trailing smoke.  The little airships pursued the giant sky machines only to the edge of the enemy line, not wanting to be downed beyond reach of their own people.
It was soon quiet again upon the Megiddo fields.  The sky was clear except for a few of the tiny airships piloted by Javan’s soldiers, and the enemy infantry had not yet regained its composure to reengage the battle.
Noahashonie seized the moment to stare into the heavens and study these little flying machines.  She now understood what the big wicker baskets and strange paddles were for.  The paddles pushed the airships along, and two people sat in the single wicker basket on each airship.  Fastened above the basket was a wide wing, with two other wings trailing out behind, one flat and the other vertical.
For another few moments, the smaller ships circled above the two armies and then sailed away north to disappear beyond the trees.  In later battles, Noahashonie would again see these wonders of the Dragon people take to the skies, but their actions this day would be forever burned into the girl’s mind.  Never again could she look into the blue of the sunny heavens and not recall the day when savage battle raged above the tortured fields.

*    *    *

 “Hurry!  Hurry!  Give me your hand!”  A boatman reached for Odethbethel to pull her from the muddy water and onto the crowded pontoon boat.  Shortly, the woman was lying on rough-cut planking, OriththeaStar flopping down beside her.  For the first time since leaving the riverbank, Odethbethel believed they might survive to escape to the northern side of the river.  Their enemy was pressing hard, driving Javan’s soldiers with fresh companies of heavy infantry and bowmen.  Although not yet a rout, the army was giving ground at a rapid pace.  With little notice, Odethbethel and her daughter were being herded into the river to wade to the pontoon boats.
After struggling to sit, Odethbethel stared in disbelief as the river around the boat roiled and frothed with a heaving mass of desperate people struggling to gain rescue from the coming onslaught.  Already an occasional arrow whizzed overhead or splashed into the water nearby.  Looking into the western sky, she watched a burnt-red sun fading into the evening haze, lamenting their situation.  Soon darkness would fall.  It would not be possible for everyone to get across the river before that darkness consumed the day.
It was not for lack of trying that so many still found themselves fighting the wide, muddy Bantoowazzi at such a late hour.  Boatmen had been manhandling the unwieldy pontoon boats ever since the destruction of the bridge.  Already, they had delivered hundreds of tired and wounded safely to the northern shore, but there were just too many who needed help.  The river was much deeper than expected, making fording difficult at best, and that for only the tallest and strongest.  The wounded and women found it nearly impossible to cross unassisted.
Already shades of night were falling long across the darkening waters.  It would take nearly an hour for the boat Odethbethel and OriththeaStar were on to make it to the northern shore, and most likely half that time more to unload its weary cargo.  The woman’s heart sank to think so many of her kindred would be facing this night in these murky waters.
Even with all the efforts of the pole-men, the boat drifted along on the sluggish current until it was far from the ford and in much deeper water.  As they drifted further downstream, Odethbethel sadly watched as the few remaining pontoon boats gathered up whatever souls they could reach, realizing that far more would fight the watery battle alone...and that was for those already in the river.  On the southern shore, a large body of the ford’s defenders still held the bridgehead, very slowly giving ground against far superior forces.  The pole-men continued to labor to bring the unwieldy boat toward the northern shore, the shadows of evening making it difficult to navigate these dangerous waters.
They were little over an archer’s shot from shore when a black mass of wreckage loomed out of the darkness.  With no warning, the pontoon boat collided with the tangle of twisted planks from the ruined bridge, tearing a gaping hole in the heavy skin of the overloaded boat.  Midst screams and cries of surprised passengers, the boat quickly sank by the head and turned turtle before wedging under the bridge wreckage.
Odethbethel suddenly found herself splashing in the murky river, fighting to keep from drowning as the pontoon boat was sucked under.  Spitting and coughing the foul-tasting water, all the while gasping for air, she tried to call out to OriththeaStar.  Finally the woman managed to scream her daughter’s name.
Out of the shadowy darkness, she heard the child crying for help.  “Mother!  Mother, I can’t swim!  Help me, Mother, please help me!”
At that instant, something hit Odethbethel on the back of her head, the pain knocking her senseless.  What she did remember was that as she sank beneath the waters, a strong hand grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back to the surface.  Then a burly arm wrapped itself around her neck, pulling her close to the side of a bearded man who swam toward the shore, dragging her along behind.  She also remembered her attempts to call out to her daughter, tears of hopelessness filling her eyes.
Hours later, Odethbethel recalled waking in the trampled grasses on the northern shore, surrounded by the tired moans and weak cries of those lucky enough to have survived the watery cataclysm.  The woman tried to call for her daughter, but found little power in her voice.  Eventually managing to stand, she searched in the darkness for the girl, crying out her name.  In time, she stopped and fell to her knees, staring into the blackness of the gurgling waters, weeping inconsolably.
OriththeaStar had not answered her mother’s cries, could not.  The girl would not be found for several days, her body tangled up with so many others on the muddy bottom of the now nearly dry Bantoowazzi riverbed.

*    *    *

Noahashonie dreamily recalled being cradled in the robed arms of a very gentle man as she was slowly carried into Javan’s camp soon after darkness fell across the South Pike Road.  The girl remembered Javan running up to her, his face filled with worry, and then his sigh of relief when the robed man told him she was little worse for wear other than some broken toes.  “She’s been a brave Dragon today,” the man quietly commented.  “Took everything they could give us and stayed right at her post.  I’ll trust her with my back anytime.”
Javan thanked the man for bringing Noahashonie to his camp, asking him to sit and rest awhile.  After delivering a drink of steaming brew, he squatted beside the fire, asking, “Please, will you tell me of the day?  The day is won, as my captains have confessed, but oh, at what a cost!”
Noahashonie awoke shortly thereafter, being still, quietly listening to the man describe the day.  She found out that he had been the headman of her gunn crew and later took charge of the army at that ford.  Her ears tingled with excitement at hearing that some of the Sky Children held the line with them.  And she silently shed tears when learning that some did not live to see the battle to the finish.
As the robed man and Javan stood, the man speaking about other business he needed to tend to, a person approached at a fast limp, quietly calling out to the man when she drew near.  “PalaHar, so JoelLaeah and BarchaChalla are both departed our company?  I have been told they stood by your side this day.”
Javan fell back in surprise.  “PalaHar?!” he exclaimed in question.  Then quickly turning to see the woman, he cried, “The Lady!” bowing low in greeting, asking their forgiveness for his showing them such lack of honor.
PalaHar pulled back his hood, smiling sadly.  “Please, enough of this.  I and my sister here are only servants of Iam, the same as you, my brother.  As we live together, so we shall die together, all for the glory of the Maker of Worlds.”
Sodasonie drew the two men close, speaking ever so quietly.  Noahashonie sensed the coming conversation was to be secret, thus to be most treasured by inquisitive ears.  The girl tried so hard to appear fast asleep while straining to hear every little piece of news.  PalaHar glanced in her direction, knowing full well the child’s ruse, but said nothing.
“The battle has been fierce.  So many brave souls have failed to witness the night, and many more still struggle in the murky waters to find the northern shore.  We are already doing what we can to gain their safety, but alas, it will be too late for some.”  Sodasonie swept her hand off to the right.  “There is no time to ponder this fleeting victory.  War has just begun, and we are not yet the victors.  The full weight of Hormax has yet to fall upon us.  The dark lord has arrived with his host, the giant madmen of Hiodrophideise, the Walking Dead, the handiwork of Samyaza’s own invention.”
Javan’s face paled.  “What am I to do?  These creatures of myth have no heart or soul!  If tales told are true, how do we kill beings whose souls are already consumed by the damned?”
Sodasonie gripped Javan’s arm, her angry smile curling into a sinister, toothy grin.  “With the spirit of living fire!  We, the children of the sky, have come to aid our brothers at this hour.  We shall guard the banks of the river, for we do know how to destroy these machines of a cruel god.  But you must do for us even greater things. Only with the power of the Eden Stones can the forces of Legion, the one you call ‘Samyaza’, be put in check.”
The sound of horses being driven hard cut the darkness, putting an end to further discussion.  Out of the blackness galloped Dungie and his scouts, their horses lathered with a heavy sweat.  Sodasonie and PalaHar had barely pulled up their hoods when the man bounded into the firelight, wild excitement burning in his eyes.
Noahashonie bolted upright at seeing Dungie.  He hurried past her, paying no heed.  “Father!  Father!” he exclaimed, holding back a growing panic in his voice.  “My father, far to the south, we have been scouting out the enemy.  To our dismay, we have seen the ending of the world!”
Javan stepped close, putting a hand on Dungie’s shoulder.  “What, my son, have you to report that has driven your horses to death?”  He called to some camp attendants to bring water and food for Dungie and his men.
“My Father,” Dungie pointed south, “not more than ten leagues beyond the river there sleep for the night twelve score of the giant sky ships waiting to awake when the morning winds go to rest!  We watched the heavens turn black this day from the multitude that was carried north on the breeze.  They settled down in the valley beyond those distant hills.”
Javan began to speak but Dungie stopped him.  “Yet more there is to tell!  As we retraced our path north, my troop came across a sight to behold…a thousand, maybe more…giants of men, tall as a standing bear, with spears the size of house beams!  On they marched, singing songs of dread and destruction.  How we escaped without being found out, I do not know.  We drove our horses to death to deliver to you this evil tale.”
Sodasonie gripped Javan’s arm, her eyes dancing bright from under her hood.  “We have many things to do before this night is finished.  My companion and I will take our leave.  You remember, please, our counsel.  Our hope or destruction tomorrow rests upon the decisions you make this night.”  She peered into Javan’s face.  “Sorrow comes to us all.  Tonight is not the time to grieve love lost.  Another day…  Another day…”
Motioning PalaHar to take their leave, the two Sky Children hurried away into the darkness.  They were no more than gone when there arose a commotion from down the South Pike.  Slowly appearing out of the black gloom like weary spirits from their contending with Hell, the first of the river’s escapees labored toward the firelight of Javan’s camp.  Noahashonie was up instantly and on a limping run, spying two dear companions in the struggling throng.
“Dancing Stones!  Dancing Stones!” the girl cried as she ran to greet her Dragon sister and mentor.
EpiphanOida looked up at the girl as though in a stupor.  She was nearly asleep on her feet, barely able to walk, all the while supporting the weight of Odethbethel who leaned heavily upon her sister.  Ever so slowly, the woman reached out a hand toward the child.
Rushing up to assist EpiphanOida, Noahashonie took Odethbethel’s other arm, directing them toward the fire.  In little above a tired whisper, EpiphanOida voiced her relief over the girl’s safety.  “The gods have kept you well this day.  It is good.  It is good.”
Shamed for not feeling remorse over Nuda’s death until this very moment, Noahashonie attempted to reveal the loss to her companion while apologizing for her thoughtlessness.
EpiphanOida sadly shook her head.  “I do already know, Little One.  The Spirits have delivered to me the sad news.”  She became silent.
By this time, Javan and Dungie were taking Odethbethel’s arms over their shoulders and helping her toward the blaze.  EpiphanOida reached out, stopping Noahashonie from following.  “Stay with me, child.  Do not intrude into the evening.  It is wisdom to give privacy to those who will mourn.”
Standing in silence, Noahashonie soon witnessed a ritual of grief that stayed with the girl throughout her days, for there, near the fire, she watched two seasoned warriors bent low, crying out to the night for loss of a sister and daughter.  The wails of the three people as they shared in death’s sorrow chilled the bone but renewed the heart.  For what is life worth if others cannot feel its loss?
The night became silent as those in the camp and on the road stopped to witness, to experience, to share the collective grief this day had wrought.  A person standing near Noahashonie began to release his pent up sorrow through many tears and laments.  There soon was heard another and then another, the celebration into mourning growing across the gloom until the night sky echoed with the bereaving chorus.

Of victory’s battle, so bittersweet,
Doth lay the souls of victory’s feast.

The blood of brother, the blood of son, 
The blood of lover, all mix as one.

And though the victor the battle gains,
‘Tis with loss of innocence it is attained.

*    *    *

Reports were troubling for ChuphoeTobanahazz.  Yes, all the fords were again secured, but at what a cost!  Five thousand of the general’s best infantry lay torn and broken upon a shattered field, with many thousands more wounded.  The giant, wheeled machines of unspeakable mightiness were now little more than smoking, burned-out hulks sunk deep in what were once wide, corded roadways, and the power of his fearsome sky ships sat in crumpled ruins across the torrid plain.  All this destruction came from only retaking the fords.  Should he continue winning the war at this price, there would soon be no one remaining to share in his victory dance at its end.
There was nothing good that had come out of this day.  Communications earlier reached the man that the Egyptian fleets of TitanAmactony withdrew from before the islets of Atlanticia, forcing a retreat of other allied navies.  Also he found out this very afternoon that two Egyptian divisions newly arrived from the east quietly, in the dark of night, re-boarded their transports and departed for home.  On top of this, he held a recent report telling him that General Hydropholius, commander of his western army of thirty thousand, was struck a fatal blow when his soldiers attempted a river crossing in the foothills of the upper Bantoowazzi, the army eventually falling back because of heavy resistance.
Chuphoe cursed the gods of Javan under his breath, secretly wishing the priests of Horus who accompanied him could only be half as helpful.  Tomorrow…what was he to do tomorrow?  His only choice was to pull away from these forsaken swamps of Megiddo, leaving a contingent force to guard the fords, and make a hurried march north as he originally planned.  The upper grasslands and scattered woods of the Bantooeans were easy ground for military movement.  There he could wield his divisions of cavalry and charioteers, sweeping down, en mass against the Dodanimian’s inferior forces.
It would be safe enough to take that action now.  If he could not push his army north across this stinking sinkhole, then Javan could not push his south.  A force of a few thousand could easily protect this flank here at the river.  Also, the move would obligate the Dodanimians to abandon their trenches and go on the chase.  Then he would charge his light cavalry to make a crossing and go in pursuit to pick off Javan’s stragglers.  Yes, that battle strategy might just work.
The general was about to issue new orders when a courier hailed him.  “My General!  My General, I have a message from our great pharaoh for you.”
Taking and opening the sealed script, Chuphoe breathed uneasy as he quietly cursed.  After issuing a few commands, he mounted his chariot, telling its driver to make haste for his headquarters at the main encampment at the crossroads.

 “My patience has been strained this day.  I had expected a great deal more from my leading officer.  Across this vast line of invasion, all my other officers tout their successes at driving the enemy while conquering, taking much spoil, but here my best are stalled!”  Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah poked a finger against General Chuphoe’s chest, angrily chastising, “No, my best can’t even keep what they have!  They throw away the battle while destroying the gifts of our gods!”
General Chuphoe politely stood at attention, looking directly into AnahNakaNoah’s face.  He knew for a fact that the war was not going as well as the pharaoh had confessed.  Sea battles were as good as over in the east.  Without Egypt’s commitment to this war, the other allies could not muster the stomach to face the defending fleets of Atlanticia.  Far to the west, AnahNakaNoah’s Sibbleians were rushing to put together a naval fleet for halting the advance of the ships of the SinoTubalRasian Confederacy, descendants of Tubal, Tiras, and Javan…sons of Japheth.  Pharaoh’s armies were doing little better, having been slowed or driven back in all the theaters along the invasion front.
All these things Chuphoe knew and more.  Javan’s armies were growing by the day.  Like wingless locusts crawling out from under every rock, these ignorant hovelanders from the Northlands were swarming southward to seek their own annihilation before the face of Pharaoh’s powerful army.  Still, no matter the number killed, more gathered by the thousands each day.  Now, with Atlanticia secure, an army was preparing to move west across the eastern mountains to join forces with Javan’s soldiers. 
Pharaoh’s army must act quickly.  Chuphoe must convince Pharaoh to accept his revised battle plan to break Javan’s forces in the middle and then, while the western armies kept those confederates of Javan in check, he would march east and destroy all opposition at his front.  When successful there, they would sweep across the eastern mountains and take the islets of Atlanticia from behind.  The war could be over in weeks, if his battle plan was successfully followed.
General Chuphoe spoke contritely, seeking to offer no excuse for his earlier failures.  “My King, my Lord, the haste of the moment delivered my army to this place, but now I understand the error in judgment.  I am very sorry for the loss, but I did seek the counsel of the holy priests in my decision-making.  Still, I do have a very good plan that will force the enemy from their trenches and into following this army toward the open country where your cavalry and charioteers can decimate them.  I have…”
“Enough of this heresy!  We will not take blame for this abysmal failure you see here!”  A shrill-voiced, sallow-faced, hooded man stepped forward, raising his hand toward Chuphoe, palm out and fingers wide as if warding off something evil.  The hooded man spoke to AnahNakaNoah, whining accusatively, all the while shooting Chuphoe threatening glances.  “Your officer did seek our counsel, but only out of desperation for the moment.  He would not but half listen to our wisdom, demanding of us knowledge that does not belong to mortals to possess.  All the time, he would question us, our motive, and then twist our suggestions into failure after failure!”  The hooded man paused, waiting for the general to make reply, he and AnahNakaNoah staring suspiciously while waiting upon Chuphoe to speak up and make his defense.
The general was up against the wall, so to speak.  The hooded man was ZambbalbaNubie, high priest over the Temple of Horus at Mounds.  He was a confidant of AnahNakaNoah, one of the pharaoh’s personal counselors.  ZambbalbaNubie’s brother was General TyzbombeaNubie, the man ZambbalbaNubie had originally recommended lead Pharaoh’s eastern army.  Instead, AnahNakaNoah gave command to Chuphoe, knowing him to be a seasoned, experienced soldier as well as a very good battlefield tactician.  ZambbalbaNubie was known to be a vengeful sycophant when his ire was up.  Today his ire was up and he had a score to settle.
This alone would have been bad enough, but Chuphoe’s recent setbacks made it appear far worse.  How could he convince the pharaoh that it was ZambbalbaNubie and his fellow priests who forcefully recommended he deliver up the sky ships and wheeled monsters to war, assuring Chuphoe of certain victory?  He listened to their voices, disregarding his own military concerns.  Then, when he discovered how flooded and untenable the Megiddo fields were, he wanted to retrace his steps north, leaving a contingent of his army to face Javan upon his arrival.
ZambbalbaNubie was most persuasive, some might say bullying, in convincing Chuphoe to remain and prepare to attack Javan in this miserable place.  True, had this been high summer and the Bantoowazzi River waters low, he could have moved his entire army across the plain with little effort, driving the opposition away like leaves before a tempest.  He was unable to tell these things to AnahNakaNoah, not now.  The high priest of Mounds had what appeared to be convincing evidence to prove his own statements true.  Who would be fool enough to call him a liar?  All Chuphoe could hope for was to convince the pharaoh to move the army north.
“My Lord,” Chuphoe quietly answered, “I cannot change the mistakes made in the past, but I do make request that my counsel concerning moving the army north to the Bantooean foothills be seriously considered.”
ZambbalbaNubie angrily snarled, shaking his finger, “Thousands of innocent souls have poured out their life’s blood on these fields because of your inept...or even worse...treasonous intercourse with indiscretion! The fornications of your revolts against our loving king and ruler, why, against the very gods themselves, condemns your soul to the home of the eternally damned!”  He went into a tirade lasting several minutes, his threats against the unfaithful of Horus so chilling that the pharaoh dared not intercede.
“I believe you have inspired a revival of faith among those hearing your entreaties for penance, but we have a great deal of business to conduct before the moon casts its shadow upon this hallowed ground.”  Gently spoken words delivered with sweet, musical repose, but carrying the chill of tortured death, fell from the lips of a man whose face remained hidden in the shadows of a gray, hooded cloak.  The hooded stranger stepped forward, addressing AnahNakaNoah, but speaking to all in the tent.  “May I suggest we deal with this trivia another time?  My people and I have traveled a great distance this day, and we wish to establish plans for the morrow before we take our needed rest.”
ZambbalbaNubie instantly shut his mouth, quietly shrinking into the shadows, attempting to disappear.  AnahNakaNoah stuttered, speaking through pale lips, “Ye… ye… yes.  A f… fin… fine idea.”
“Good.  Good...” the stranger replied in a low tone.  “And now General… General…”
“General ChuphoeTobanahazz, my Lord,” Chuphoe politely interrupted.  He stood erect, revealing no evidence of the uneasy trepidation swelling up within his heart.  There was something about this hooded stranger so unholy that it made him want to vomit, his last meal befouled by the vile breath of this person…if it was a person.
The man in the gray, hooded robe was taken aback by the general’s calm, respectful reply, but revealed it ever so slightly, Chuphoe feeling that he, alone, noticed it.  Instantly regaining his composure, the man leaned forward, carefully studying Chuphoe with hidden eyes.  Finally, in just above a whisper, he commented, “Interesting…another time.”  Then, in a charming voice, the hooded man continued, “Well, General Chuphoe Tobanahazz, I suggest that you run along and tend to some other duties, but don’t go far.  We will have need of you momentarily…maybe.  So stay close.”
Chuphoe glanced toward the pharaoh.  AnahNakaNoah was shrunk up into a tremulous shell of a person, his eyes revealing he wished he were the one being dismissed.  Insulting!  Even a god could not make Chuphoe cower like the others in this room.  Still, the general was not a fool, and he was long-educated in the ways of power and station.  In his most polite and humble fashion, he smartly snapped to attention, clicking his heels together and offering a salute.  As he dropped his hand to his side, he tipped his head down.  “Your servant!” Chuphoe answered and quickly stepped from the command tent into the refreshing darkness.

*    *    *

Javan paid heed to Sodasonie’s counsel and did not grieve in celebration over his daughter’s loss.  After the arrival of NoahDodanim, his oldest living son who was of some ninety summers, Javan departed with EpiphanOida and Noahashonie, leaving his son, Noah, to oversee command of the camp.  Dungie, along with other family members, stayed with Odethbethel, consoling her in the grieving ritual customary for their people.
Much was the grieving that night, but often short-lived.  Preparation for tomorrow necessitated haste.  Companies needed to be withdrawn from the river to be replaced by fresh troops.  The wounded needed proper care, and the dead needed tending to.  Tonight, the fires of cremation consumed the darkness, filling the camps with an odor of burning flesh.  Other than the mass burials…the custom of some eastern tribes…there was little else to be done with the dead.  Songs of lament this night were the sounds of shovels or axes as giant holes were dug and blazing funeral pyres ignited.
As Javan and the others slipped away into the darkness of the North Road, he could not help but ponder the previous day and the coming morrow.  Early reports were dreadful at best.  Although fighting had been heavier directly to his south…the South Pike being the most contended over because of its high, dry, packed roadway leading to and from the river…casualties were heavy at all the fords.  Over a third of those engaged on the south side of the river did not survive the day while another third were rife with assorted injuries that would keep them from the field.  To make matters worse, many of the survivors’ tools of war now rested at the bottom of the Bantoowazzi River.
Oh yes, Javan succeeded with his objective this day, but at what a cost!  Over a third of his entire army was actively engaged at the fords, suffering nearly fifty percent casualties of all those involved.  Few seeing action today would be fit for combat tomorrow, and those were his best soldiers.  Should the counterattack come tomorrow, he would be forced to depend on those ill-equipped and improperly trained to blunt the spear of the advancing enemy.  He shuddered to think of his inexperienced soldiers facing heavily armored giants of ten to twelve feet in stature as they charged out of the river on to the northern shore.
True, Javan was adding numbers to his army every passing day, but most of those people carried few weapons and had never seen conflict before.  He had stationed them deep to the rear, sending some of his better officers to help prepare them for war.  They might serve fine if and when he advanced his army in an attack, but he feared they would panic and run away should they be imposed upon by the weapons of Hormax.  Their hearts were willing, but what were their loyalties?  How close did they really believe this war was to them and their families, seeing so many lived far afield of this conflict?
In contrast, there were the Westerners, natural enemies of the Sibbleians.  His six companies of Westerners fought ferociously in battle this day, filling the hearts of seasoned enemy warriors with dread.  It seemed that the attacks were always a little less aggressive, the counterattack more cautiously pursued, and the battle charges delayed when the enemy knew they were facing the Westerners.  Those people were savage and ruthless, the enemy being fully aware of their hatred for the Sibbleians.  Oh, to have sixty companies of Westerners!
Javan turned to Cothath who was walking beside him asking, dismayed, “Why do your people take so long in coming?  My people yearn to see my promised words come true, a sign from you at least to show us your support is real.  See, even our women have girded themselves for war as was promised you.”
Cothath glanced first at EpiphanOida and then at SchroGarthTho, who also walked beside him.  SchroGarthTho nodded, saying nothing.  Showing no sign of upset or offense at Javan’s bitter question, Cothath softly answered, “There arrives on the morning mist a troop of four plus two companies of our best camel riders.  They have been slowed because of the long baggage train of supplies they transport.  More trains are yet to arrive, but not until the darkness passes away.  Our people bring the darkness, the day of dread.  Many there are of the warriors of the Mozerathas, and not all are of our kindred.  Time it takes to gather our forces from the wild places where they reside, but most formidable they are!  Be patient, my friend.  They are coming and well worth waiting for.”
Javan did not reply, looking down at the ground.  He did not ask the many questions haunting his mind, dared not.  What was this darkness Cothath and EpiphanOida warned about, that he had even parroted the warning to others?  Who were the forces being gathered?  Why the reason for long baggage trains?  Were they supplies for his army?  But the six hundred camel riders!  Javan smiled.  Mozerathas cavalry were second to none, especially when serving as scouts and advance guards.  He had heard tales of their prowess and valor.  Six hundred of them was a wonderful gift!  He did have one question for Cothath, though, that he must ask.  “My friend, how is it you know of your approaching riders?  I have heard no report nor seen any messengers of the Mozerathas arrive in our camps.”
Cothath smiled, “Little birdie told me.”
Stunned silent, Javan dared not query the man for further clarification.  He looked at the twinkle in Cothath’s eyes, knowing it would do no good to press the matter.
Shortly thereafter, the group turned off the road and into the silence of the deep woods.  The further they made their way into the ancient forest of oak, cedar, and hemlock, the greater a feeling of foreboding grew around them.  If not for EpiphanOida encouraging them on, Javan would have abandoned this quest and returned to the safety of the road.
“The Sky Children have set this mood to discourage unwanted guests,” EpiphanOida offered as they cautiously navigated the dense undergrowth in the blackness.  “It is a dangerous, secret thing that we do this night.  The eyes of the Worm ever search for our treasure.  He will move Heaven and Earth if needs be to get it.  Our enemy must never learn of our possession of it.  We will be able to practice our magic away from prying eyes in the darkness of the nearing glade.”
In time, the party came to a tiny clearing surrounded by giant cedars with long, drooping branches.  A small, windowless hut had been constructed near the middle of the clearing, golden rays of firelight escaping from the covered doorway and other small cracks in the hastily built structure betraying its existence.  Four figures stood in front of the hut’s door.  One called out for the others to join them.
After a pleasant salutation, Sodasonie drew Javan and EpiphanOida close, kissing both on the lips and giving each a tender hug.  She then asked Noahashonie to come forward, gathering the surprised and bewildered girl up in a bear hug of an embrace.  After releasing the girl, Sodasonie held her at arm’s length, silently studying her to the point that Noahashonie became troubled.
Sodasonie smiled sadly, “So, this is the child chosen to become the bringer of salvation to all mankind.  The Mother Goddess who hides in the Whispering Waters has wrapped her heart around you in love, binding her soul with yours.  I have desired to meet you, Noahashonie, Daughter of the Dragon Maker and Bringer of Peace.  You are the torchbearer, destined to see all things through to the ending of days and beyond to the rebirth of life renewed.  Give me your hand.”
Noahashonie stared up, transfixed, into the most beautiful of faces she ever beheld.  Her heart ached with a passion to hold this woman and possess her within her own soul, her hand trembling with trepidation and desire as she extended it.
Sodasonie saw the desire in the girl’s eyes, her heart instantly bonding in love with hers.  She quietly cooed, “One day…one day, my Dear One, when all the world has been made new.  Until then, allow this to suffice.”  Sodasonie took a flint and quickly drew it across the girl’s opened palm just as quickly doing the same to hers.  With her uncut hand, Sodasonie poured some crystalline powder onto Noahashonie’s wound, closing her bleeding palm over the girl’s.
Instantly, a searing wave of emotion raced through Noahashonie’s body and mind, erupting in an erotic symphony of unbelievable passion far greater than experienced while in the arms of her husband.  An ocean of sights and sounds crashed upon the child’s mind, flooding it with tales of adventure and woe, successes and failures, of love lost and love hoped for.
At its height, Noahashonie looked at Sodasonie as though through a misty curtain, seeing that the Great Lady was experiencing those same heated emotions.  Then came the woman’s words, drifting upon the dreamscape.  “We are now Sisters of the BloodWind, you and I.  As you live, so shall I...one heart, one mind, one soul.”
The fiery visions passed as suddenly as they had begun, but to Noahashonie, the witchery of the moment was to linger in her mind for years to come.  Sodasonie was forever the girl’s companion and lover, at least in her dreams...dreams, mind you, that were so real, she often could not tell whether they might not be the true reality and the world of men the fantasy.  In later years, she would at times pine in sweet loneliness, awaiting the day when she would be one again with her blood sister.
Coming back to the moment, Noahashonie looked deeply into Sodasonie’s eyes, an ache of love beating deep within her heart, Sodasonie’s gaze reflecting the same.
Still grasping tight Noahashonie’s hand with hers, Sodasonie revealed future hidden secrets.  “Mother of Dragons and Despoiler of Worms, your name will be spoken with fear among those hating the Maker of Worlds.  Long will be your days, but empty your heart will not become, for the Great Mother Goddess has made a living covenant with you, binding up her heart with yours.  You will not come to see the pit, nor will your flesh find corruption, but sleep you will peacefully until the horn sounds you awake to be with the Great Mother Goddess at the end of times.”
At that, Sodasonie released her grip, stepping back.  Noahashonie looked down at her hand, gasping.  The bleeding wound was healed, gone as though it had never been.  Astonished, she then stared into Sodasonie’s face, seeking answers for her many questions.
Sodasonie smiled, “The night is short and there is much business to conclude.  Child, go with Dancing Stones and your husband.  They will reveal many secrets for only your eyes and ears.  Learn well what they will teach you.  There are so many things you need to know and so little time to understand them.”
Taking Javan’s and EpiphanOida’s hands, Sodasonie bid them a good evening, warning, “You must remember to practice this witchery always hidden, behind closed doors.  What you do is very powerful.  Should that power be released into the night then… then the Worm may well discover the truth to your hidden magic.”  She again kissed them both.  “Be safe, my Dear Ones.  I will set a guard about this place, but you must be gone from here before the light of dawn.  Dream as to what you need to have done, will it to be.  Be wise and carefully ponder your desired destiny.  The power of your magic does not think or reason for you.  It merely obeys your desires.  It makes happen.  It is only a tool…a very dangerous tool if not used wisely.”
PalaHar now stepped from the shadows, reaching down to examine the wrappings on Noahashonie’s foot.  He then took a tiny, little yellow ball of something and popped it into the girl’s mouth, pouring from a pouch and into her hand several more.  “It looks good,” speaking about her foot, “but the pain will come back again if you don’t keep taking these, one a day until they are all used up.  Put them in your girdle purse and keep them safe.  You will want them, trust me.”
Noahashonie thanked PalaHar as the two stared into each other’s face.  Without warning, the girl leaned forward and kissed PalaHar on his lips.  Surprised, PalaHar leaned back, standing tall, staring down at the girl.  Noahashonie grinned, “I love you.  One day we will be together, just like I and the Lady.  Remember me, please.  I will not forget you.”
PalaHar actually blushed, making the entire party laugh.  “Well, well, I think I love you, too.  I look forward to the future, and in that day many a tale of adventure and mystery I will have to tell you.”
Taking PalaHar by the hand, Noahashonie put on a polite pout, her eyes twinkling mischievously.  “I do not intend for it to be only a story that I receive from you.”
Looking into the girl’s eyes, PalaHar could see that the drug Sodasonie had given Noahashonie was still affecting the girl.  He well understood the passionate emotion the drug releases.  Acting on the body much the same as strong drink, which frees up the mouth to speak the secrets of a bashful heart, the drug betrays hidden feelings.  The girl was only expressing her true romantic desires for him, but through the prism of abandon that the drug was inducing, making her a little bolder with her words.
“Come, we must go.”  Sodasonie motioned toward the two other Sky Children standing in the darkness.  “I and my companion must leave to prepare for the coming day.  These two will stand guard over your souls.”
Javan and EpiphanOida politely nodded before turning and disappearing into the hut, Noahashonie following them.  Cothath, SchroGarthTho, along with their two Mozerathas traveling companions, Susannah and Lumdon and the other two Sky Children, separated and faded off into the darkness.

Javan and EpiphanOida sat back on their knees beside the blazing hearth, facing one another.  Their naked bodies were covered in sweat, both being lost in a heated musical chant.  Noahashonie was sitting as they were but in the far corner by the door, having first dutifully placed a small copper pan with the twelve magic stones into the fire.  She now waited upon the moment, watching intently to see the witchery of Eden.
Both Javan and EpiphanOida each held an Eden Stone in outstretched, opened hands, singing enchantingly beautiful musical refrains in a strange language Noahashonie never before heard.  Sweet and chilling were the words and rhyme, and fascinating.  Astonished, the girl watched florescent green flames created by the burning copper leap and dance in tempo with the mystical song.  Then, at times as if on cue, one of the stones in the pan would begin merry popping sounds and shoot colorful sparkles out of the fire.
As the popping and sparkles increased in intensity, the chanting grew in power - or was it the other way around?  The girl could not tell.  Very soon, strange things began to happen.  The chanting quickly took on a will of its own, capturing the voices of the two into one raging voice that roared in Noahashonie’s ears.  Then the stones in the fire all began to popping and sending fiery sparkles into the air.  Eventually, the tiny hut was a-swirl with a colorful firestorm of radiant beauty.
When reaching its peak, the two Eden Stones started to vibrate and gradually changed from shiny, dark gray to crystalline clear.  Suddenly the stones melted away, sinking deep into Javan’s and EpiphanOida’s opened palms.  Then, right before the girl’s eyes, the two people took on a glow like that of golden, burning lights, becoming brighter than the fire on the hearth.
Noahashonie fell back, transfixed by what she was witnessing.  Frightened she was, but unable to cry out for the dread that was on her lips.  Still her eyes refused to tear away from a sight to behold.
As though in a trance, Javan rose up on his knees, his manly ardor coming to power.  EpiphanOida lay down on her back, stretching out upon the furry hide of a cave bear and spreading her legs in anticipation of the coming union.  In moments, the two were together, Javan face to face with EpiphanOida, their noses almost touching.  With arms outstretched and fingers clasped, the two continued to chant the song that was filled with strange words and secret meaning.  Noahashonie saw that they did not make love as much as they became as though one flesh, the two Eden Stones becoming united into one heart, soul, and mind.
Javan and EpiphanOida remembered little of the night’s events in the hut, from the time Noahashonie placed the stones in the fire until they awoke just before the early gray of morning’s dawning.  They learned of those happenings through the eyes and heart of the girl watching over them.  For them, the journey through time and space was much further away and even more profound.
Together, as though with but one mind and soul, the two passed over the Bantoowazzi River and into the enemy camp.  They listened to plans being made for tomorrow’s attack at the river, and learned about the warrior giants and hundreds of arriving sky ships.  Samyaza was also revealed to them, discussing the coming destruction of Dodanim’s kingdom and the murder of his people.
EpiphanOida let out a mournful cry unlike any Noahashonie had ever heard.  “The Lady must be told!” she cried out in terror.
“We will!  We will!”  Javan shouted through the continual chanting.  “First we must prepare the Stones!  We must ready them for battle.”
EpiphanOida would hear none of it.  There was no time.  Sodasonie must be warned.  The Sky Children must know.  The two struggled, EpiphanOida conjuring up her Dragon powers to break the trance they were in.
Javan screamed curses of damnation to quell the woman’s incantations.  He reminded her of what would come to the entire world should they fail, his entreaties finally quieting the panicking woman.  “Listen!  Listen!  We must complete our mission or all hope is gone!  Remember Aphrodite’s warning.  We must win this war or all hope for man is lost!  Look,” Javan felt so peculiar because it appeared to his mind that he was arguing with his own heart, “Iam and the Lady have sent us here.  There is a reason for what we are doing.  Trust to the Maker of these Stones.”
Terrified whimpers gradually faded away into anxious echoes of “we have time… we have time…”
It was a good thing Javan knew so little about Samyaza, or he, too, may have risked breaking up the vision of the Stones to deliver the information to Sodasonie.  Samyaza had used the tools of his world to bring to ruin countless people and tribes who stood in the way of his quest for power.  His rule before the Great Flooding consigned millions to indescribable death and tortured mutilation.  Following that destruction, Samyaza again returned with his vile Templorenie reborn.  Aphrodite’s War, an early struggle between the Dragons and forces of Hormaxian evil nearly decimated the order, so many of Aphrodite’s children dying in fire and slaughter.  If not for Sodasonie’s intervention, none of the Dragons would have survived.  EpiphanOida remembered.  EpiphanOida was there.  And now the Templorenie were returned to do battle against Javan and his armies.
Javan was resolute.  “We must teach the Stones our battle plan, so they will win for us another day.  Then we will tell the Lady.  Then we will tell the Lady.  Help me!  Help me now to out-think our enemy.  Then we will tell the Lady.”
EpiphanOida forced herself to relax.  Soon she and Javan were focusing their minds upon the task at hand.  Javan remembered calling out to a blinding, flaming spire that shot into the heavens that the wisdom of AnahNakaNoah become befouled with foolishness.  He then recalled seeing sheets of bitter water falling between the armies and hearing the shrill cursing of a hooded priest as he tore the still beating heart from a hapless victim and offered it up to his gods.  Without warning, the spire began violently shaking and then exploded into a radiating light filled with deafening thunders that called out in the flames’ fading glory, “It shall come to pass!  It shall come to pass!”  And then there was silence.
Noahashonie first noticed that the chanting was suddenly stopped, and then heard a cry as if of agony coming from the two people on the floor.  The hearth fire erupted in sparks and instantly died away, leaving the room in darkness.
The girl fumbled in the blackness to find a light, a wicker lamp she had noticed when they first entered, something she would remember to light when making future visits to this secluded hut.  By the time Noahashonie had retrieved the lamp and managed its lighting, Javan and EpiphanOida lay there in each other’s arms, fast asleep.  There, on the floor beside them, were the two dark, gray Eden Stones.

*    *    *

General Chuphoe stood beside his chariot, staring into the cold, black waters of the Bantoowazzi River.  It had risen another two handbreadths just in the morning daylight hours, the cold, bitter rains being constant since well before dawn.  ‘A freak storm,’ Priest ZambbalbaNubie declared, ‘can sweep down suddenly from the Ice Mountains at this time of year.’  Chuphoe shrugged.  Could be, after all, the city of Mounds is not many leagues from here.  Zambbalba should know.
He looked out across the river through the rain and wet, twirling snow, wrapping his spring cloak tighter as cold chills raced along his shoulders and down his back.  The man could not even see the other side of the river because of the dismal fog floating upon the heavy air.  Although he could not see anything, the man’s ears heard plenty…axes chopping off in the distance.  He could also smell the pungent odor of smoke mixing its caustic clouds with the gray fog.
Javan’s army was located near the deep forest.  There would be limitless wood to build warming fires and shelters.  Although difficult for his sentries, Javan’s army would be comfortable and dry while Chuphoe’s had to face the elements in flimsy summer tents and with very little firewood, his soldiers having depleted the woodlands near their encampments of any fuel long ago.  AnahNakaNoah cared little enough for the lowly warrior to bother having any wood delivered to the camps.  Chuphoe’s men would have to fend for themselves.
Indeed, this very morning, the pharaoh dispatched a hundred companies out into this stormy weather to go off in search of wood for building small boats for the upcoming invasion.  ‘We shall not let a little water separate us from victory against such ungodly men!  The gods of Javan be damned!  Let Horus and his powerful gods be praised!  Their power and our might we shall demonstrate to all the world along the banks of this torrid little stream!’
Chuphoe shook his head in frustration.  Even should the Megiddo plain be a flooded lake on the morrow, his men would be forced to attempt a crossing, with or without boats.  Despite those giant abominations of living flesh in the lead storming the shores, he doubted half his men would survive the ordeal.
His men?!  Chuphoe cursed out loud.  ZambbalbaNubie had seen to Chuphoe’s removal from being headman over this army, ranting long into the night about the general’s real and imagined deficiencies.  Zambbalba’s brother, TyzbombeaNubie was soon arriving to take over command.  Tyzbombea was an arrogant, little fool, unfit to lead a foraging detail let alone an army with a bigger population than most Sibbleian cities.
Well, maybe that hooded creature, the one calling himself ‘ZeussahReaboahm’, and his hooded goons could muster some kind of a miracle to win the day.  Whatever, the fellow sure had the pharaoh convinced.  Chuphoe believed that Zeussah cared little for the strategizing done the previous evening, the one meeting Chuphoe had been directed to attend.  Something was up with Zeussah, like he was letting the little children play at war while he sat back and watched, amused.  Whatever, it was not Chuphoe’s business anymore. 
Sighing in surrender, Chuphoe sadly consoled himself.  At least he was being spared witnessing the coming disaster of the army he built.  In a few short hours, he and his small company of officers and mounted troopers would be on the road south toward Pachakanuunah to oversee the arriving supply ships delivering goods from far across Lake Tecatucutan.  His complaints about lack of provisions had prompted AnahNakaNoah to send him away to tend to that instead of executing him, as Zambbalba had recommended.
He turned to his captain who was standing close by.  “Gather the company at the crossroads near the command tent.  We shall wait for General Tyzbombea there.  After delivering my scepter to him, we shall take to the South Pike in haste.  I wish to be far from here afore the evening finds us.”
His captain saluted, answering, “My General,” and hurried away to gather the company.
Chuphoe leaned a hand against his chariot as he searched for the northern shore of the river.  Somewhere over there, he was sure that Javan’s eyes were cast this way, watching and waiting.  He also felt the morning’s storm to be more than some freak coincidence.  Javan’s gods were not only powerful, they protected Javan’s people, took care of them.  Chuphoe’s gods were also powerful… yes.  They were also powerful…
Stepping onto his chariot and grasping the handrail, Chuphoe ordered his driver to hurry them to the crossroads.  As the river faded behind him under a dismal curtain of fog, rain, and snow, the man felt somewhat relieved to think his name would not be attached to this upcoming catastrophic travesty of war.

Javan pulled his bearskin robe tight as he stared across the Bantoowazzi River.  His heart rested with the reassuring feeling that the enemy would attempt no advance this day.  Most of Javan’s army was of northern stock and quite familiar with changeable weather even at this time of early summer.  It was not uncommon for his city of Castle Dodanim to experience wet snows and freezing rains up to within a few days of the summer solstice, the chilling power of the Ice Mountains threatening it far past the winter months.  Heavy skins of deer, elk and bear made up the tents of Javan’s army, and large were the stacks of fuel to burn on such dismal days.  Javan smiled, contented.
“My husband, do you find delight in what Iam has given us this day?”  Noahashonie asked as she hugged one of Javan’s arms.
Javan frowned, shaking his head.  “Iam’s protection over this people delights me, but I find no pleasure in seeing any of Noah’s sons suffer as they must be this day.  The army opposing us is not made up of wicked men but only children of Iam, as are we.  They are much like our own people - farmers, fishermen, and hunters, all taken away from that life to follow behind wicked priests and rulers who seek ambitious, selfish desires.”
Pulling Noahashonie close and wrapping the girl up tight in a warm hug, Javan explained, “The blood of the men from the Southlands is not prepared for such cold extremes, and they have few forests to gather the wood to heat their flaxen tents.  Also, the pharaoh cares little for his people.  But ever for glory and honor does he seek, his people only a tool used to accomplish his purposes.  And the priests of Horus will tear asunder the living flesh of Pharaoh’s people to make sacrifices upon their altars of death.  It is a sad thing to be ruled over by followers of demons.  We should have pity for the souls of such a tortured lot.”  Noahashonie made no reply.
For the longest time the two remained silent, standing beside the river that gave both death and life to Javan’s people - death in that so many failed to survive its muddy waters while escaping the fighting on the southern shore, life because now the enemy must wait to advance until the storm and swelling flood subsided, giving Javan’s army time to rest and recuperate.
It also gave them time to receive reinforcements.  Already the Mozerathas camel riders had arrived, and news of six thousand well-equipped Atlanticians forcing the eastern mountain passes, a few days’ march away, comforted Javan’s heart.  Added to this were the many companies of warriors gathering from distant villages and territories.  Every day that passed strengthened and increased his army, Iam’s army.
As the two continued to look toward the southern shore, Javan imagining the commanding general on the opposing side to be doing the same, he quietly commented to Noahashonie, “Tonight we must again return to the wooded glade and seek help from the witchery of secret worlds.  I have many plans to decide this day, strategy to ponder and choices to make.  Dancing Stones and I have much counsel to take, first with our captains, and then with each other.”  He turned to the girl.  “It will be a long night.  I suggest you seek some rest before then, for you we will need with us again.  Warm is the hearth fire in my tent and soft are the robes upon which I sleep.  Take your rest there and… and if there is some time before the coming of night, I will join you there for some comforting moments.”
Noahashonie grinned, seeking a kiss from her king and hero.  She cooed sensually, “I love you even more than Lord PalaHar.  You treat me like a woman, not some child.  You love me like a woman, your wife.  You are a good man to me.”
Javan held Noahashonie’s face in his hands, tenderly kissing her lips.  “I love you, too.”  After scanning the stormy river one more time, he and Noahashonie, arm in arm, turned, walking back toward camp, gradually sinking into the swaddling mist.

*    *    *

Section 28

 Beware the Silent Thunder

Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah had driven his army to exhaustion in readying it for the upcoming battle.  Although a chill still hung on the air, clouds were long departed.  The Megiddo plains remained swampy, but the Bantoowazzi River was receded back to its seasonal normal.  The giants of the Guardian Templorenie, the Anoofimnihe, known to Javan as the ‘Anakim’ or ‘giant madmen of Hiodrophideise’, would soon be able to easily charge the fords.  There were also many hundreds of small boats nestled near the shore to ferry thousands of soldiers across those same waters to secure the northern riverbank for the new pontoon bridges to be deployed.  Now was the time for Pharaoh’s army to move against Javan’s still far inferior forces that were opposing them on the northern shore.
AnahNakaNoah was also counting on simultaneously delivering a massive air attack against his enemy.  His trusted priest, ZambbalbaNubie, was promising him the finest weather in the coming days with dry, cool nights and breathless, still days… perfect flying conditions for his hundreds of fragile flying machines.  And then there was the upcoming bombardment that was to start on the morrow.
It was nearing evening, four days since General TyzbombeaNubie replaced General ChuphoeTobanahazz as commander of the army.  Already the general had cleared the roads to deliver the necessary supplies to provide for a lengthy bombardment of the northern earthworks.  True, this cut food supplies a bit, but soldiers were expected to sacrifice for their ruler.  Besides, half rations for a few days would not starve the men.
Tonight, under the cover of darkness - always under the cover of darkness because those damn little winged machines kept up a constant vigil of spying out their movements during the day - tonight General Tyzbombea would deliver the thunder weapons far out onto the Megiddo fields to well within range of Javan’s fortifications.  Tomorrow, with his supplies up, the general was to begin a crippling barrage upon those lines.
It was growing dusk as AnahNakaNoah pulled his chariot to a stop on the Northern Pike.  Stepping down and hurrying over to a giant, wheeled war machine, he entered a rear hatch and climbed the narrow stairs to the upper battlement.  Among those greeting him in friendly salutation were ZambbalbaNubie and his brother, General TyzbombeaNubie.
Zambbalba bowed so politely, smiling, “My Pharaoh, all is being readied for our… your grand victory tomorrow.  I can assure you the best of weather conditions.  Not only have the wise men from my city offered up numerous sacrifices to the gods, giving to them the beating hearts of our fiercest enemy captives, but even have poured out the living blood of three of the Witch Dragons found to be among the enemy wounded upon these holy fields.”  He quickly added as he nervously chanced a glance over his shoulder, “Of… of course, we did all this with the gracious approval of our wonderful counselor, Lord Zeussah.”
“Tomorrow?”  AnahNakaNoah asked, more surprised at not being earlier informed at having the day pushed ahead.  “Are we ready so soon to deliver a killing blow on this coming morn?”
Everyone looked toward the hooded man who was turned away, facing north, silently searching the distance in the growing darkness.  Zeussah had been listening carefully to Zambbalba’s remarks, but offered no response.  He did not bother to turn his gaze away, misty breath escaping the shadows of his hood the only telling evidence of his all too casual reply.  “Are they not your servants to do your will?”  His tone demanded there be no answer.
After a dreadful pause, Zambbalba nervously continued, his whining voice drowning the man’s hidden fears.  “There will be a chill fog this night, muffling the sounds of your army as it moves into position.  Tomorrow, though, will burn off bright and warm, and… and there will be little breeze.  As soon as the wings dry upon our great and fearsome flying beasts, they will be able to take to the skies.”
General TyzbombeaNubie spoke up, his voice filled with a subdued passion for the glories of battle.  “We...I and my commanders and Zambbalba, my brother, chief over all the sons of Horus in this land, and his most trusted priestly servants…we have considered it wise to move up the hour of attack, striking our enemy from above and below while smashing them in the middle at the river before they understand what is happening.  Orders are ready to be issued for the army to move into position throughout the night so that it will be prepared to advance at morning light.”  He paused, making a slight bow.  “We wait now only on our Lord’s permission to begin this operation.”
AnahNakaNoah cautiously glanced toward Zeussah, fearing that a small slight may have been made concerning the man, seeing the general had referred to him as ‘lord’ while in Zeussah’s company.
Sensing the tenseness of the moment, Zeussah quietly replied, “Are they not your servants to do your will?”
Seeing the smoldering fire ablaze in TyzbombeaNubie’s eyes while observing the confidence on Zambbalba’s face, AnahNakaNoah consented to the others’ counsel, stating that he trusted to their wisdom.
Smiling while motioning across the palisade toward the surrounding army, General TyzbombeaNubie explained further, “The covered pits for our thunder weapons have already been dug.  I have them hidden from view with nettings of swamp grass.  Tonight they will be occupied and prepared for the morning.  Then, as soon as the fog lifts, we shall begin to pummel the northern shore, the enemy having gathered there because of the great tumult being made by the giants already crossing the river, concealed in the mist.”
He looked toward the north, pointing, “Behind the giants will come the many hundreds of boats filled with archers and spearmen.  Once the northern shore is secure, engineers will re-construct the pontoon bridges which will allow passage of our charioteers and cavalry and also the wheeled fortresses.  Once they are clear of the swampy marshes, they will scatter Javan’s herdsmen across the countryside.”  He laughed.
The hooded man, Zeussah, spoke no word of reply, quietly musing to himself as he continued to stare off toward the north.
After a few more minutes of subdued conversation, concluding some last minute strategy, the pharaoh and general departed.  Zambbalba smiled, turning to face north, placing his hands on the giant machine’s palisade.  He began to strum his fingers as he joyfully pondered the glorious, coming victory.
A moment later, Zeussah and his hooded company prepared to leave.  As his lieutenants shuffled toward the stairway and began descending into the gathering darkness, Zeussah leaned in close to Zambbalba.  In little more than a hissing whisper, he chided, “Fool, you do not know at all who you face on the morrow!  Be afraid, revenge for her sisters shall the Great Daughter Dragon of Aphrodite take on your soul, and tomorrow shall the blood payment begin!”  He lifted his head as if sniffing the air.  “Already she knows your very thoughts.”
He followed the others, his parting words drifting upon a bitter breeze.  “Better for you to have sought my wise counsel than the fools of damnation...  Then success may have been yours.”
Zeussah followed his officers and slowly made his way down the stairs into the darkness, softly chuckling as he disappeared from sight.

*    *    *

EpiphanOida, her face ashen white, stumbled into Javan’s camp, sporting a nasty, deep gash across her left breast that carried down almost to the end of her rib cage.  The woman fell to her knees beside the fire, her naked body still covered by the muddy filth of the Bantoowazzi River.
Upon seeing EpiphanOida’s wretched state, Noahashonie cried out for Javan and others to come quickly then hurried to render aid.  In moments, the camp was abuzz with activity.  While Javan’s women attendants were washing away the river’s slime and bathing EpiphanOida’s wounds with warm, salty water, the surgeons arrived.
After a quick examination by TromPaxies, Javan’s head surgeon, the man concluded her wounds were not life-threatening.  “It is mostly to the fatty tissue that damage has been caused.  Still, I must stitch deep the injury or I fear the bleeding will steal your strength.  I shall try to be gentle, but I will have to open the cut wide to suture the veins first, and then I can sew up the flesh.”
He offered EpiphanOida a tiny cask of strong drink, but she refused, shaking her head.  “My mind must remain free of its numbing effects.  My Lord, take it please and cleanse the tear, for I fear a poison resides within, it having been created by something hidden in the river’s septic waters.”
TromPaxies frowned, shaking his head.  “The mending shall be painful in the extreme!  You must have something to dull it.”
Again EpiphanOida refused.  “You must do this one thing for me, at least this time.  It must be this way.  I shall be a good child, I promise, and only whimper a little.”
The surgery was laborious and lengthy, the wound being deep and jagged, requiring Trom to cut away spoilt pieces of flesh and suture the bleeding veins many times.  This, coupled with the burning pain of the distilled spirits poured into the cut to cleanse it and the poor lighting the surgeon did his work under, made for a tellingly agonizing time for EpiphanOida.  Finally, after Trom stitched through an exposed nerve, the woman gasped and fell into a deathly faint.

EpiphanOida gradually awoke to the touch of gentle fingers on her skin and the cooing melody of a healing song.  She opened her eyes to see a pair of enchanting gray orbs staring into hers.  Sodasonie had returned shortly after EpiphanOida passed into unconsciousness and assisted Trom with the remainder of the surgery.  She smiled down into EpiphanOida’s face while stroking the woman’s hair.  Still singing her soothing song, she slipped a tiny pill into EpiphanOida’s mouth, telling her to suck on it until she was able to swallow it.
EpiphanOida slowly nodded, her senses quickly returning.  At length, she was able to take in the busy world around her.  As she lay there, with her head resting upon Noahashonie’s breast, she observed the quiet activity off in the shadows.
Javan remained close the entire time and was now off talking with Trom, the two men occasionally gesturing and glancing toward EpiphanOida.  Just beyond the two men were several other larger groups of people.  Some were Javan’s captains and others, cloaked and hooded, who stood off by themselves.  Almost hidden in the darkness to the woman’s right were PalaHar and a few of his companions.  It was obvious that the camp had been roused after EpiphanOida’s return.  Now everyone was anxiously waiting to hear a report on her condition.
In short order, the entire camp was on the move.  PalaHar and his troop were busy taking their wheeled weapons toward the river, engineers already digging emplacements for the delivery of the rifled gunns.  Javan’s captains were hurrying to gather their soldiers, sending archers toward the river while securing the trenches and covered redoubts in anticipation of the coming missile and air attacks.
As the others prepared for the coming battle, Sodasonie and EpiphanOida took counsel.  Noahashonie assisted the surgeon as best she could while he wrapped bindings about EpiphanOida’s chest, but the girl’s ears desired to take in the rather private conversation that continually fell upon them.  It was hard enough to do, what with Trom’s demanding her full attention.  But to make matters worse, when Trom was not talking, he was loudly humming some jaunty little tune, the man wishing not to overhear what was obviously meant for other ears.
The bindings EpiphanOida were wrapped in hurt, but there was little else for it.  Her attention was demanded this eve, and quiet rest many long hours away.  Still, her tears did not come from the discomfort of the bandages.
She quietly whimpered, “The monster’s presence I could feel, his mind taunting me!  I saw his evil intent, to take control of my very being and make it his slave.  My strength revolted against me and my feet refused to allow me to flee.  A fierce struggle erupted within me, only releasing the captive bonds when the evil demon turned his attention away from me.  I was as good as captured, unable to move, and he knew where I hid in the reeds near the camp.”  EpiphanOida looked into Sodasonie’s face, tears streaming down hers.  “I was as good as dead, and he allowed me escape!”  She sadly shook her head.  “How can I face him on the field of battle when even from a distance he controls my very willpower?”
Sodasonie wrapped her hands around EpiphanOida’s face, smiling reassuringly.  “My little child, Samyaza has no powers except the ones you are willing to give over to him.  He is a wicked usurper and murderer!  He rules by intimidation and threats.  Even the sons of the gods are in fear of him.  Some of my kindred who stand beside us this day shudder at the thought of facing the prince of Warlocks in open contest.”
Kissing EpiphanOida on the forehead, she revealed to her one of the man’s great flaws.  “Samyaza is a devout coward.  He is far more afraid of you than you can believe.  He would not have willed your capture this night, but rather put you to death on the field.  Your mind he plays with, but unsure of its powers he is, for he knows that the sons of men have great mental abilities, especially those given over to the uncanny witchery through the blood of Aphrodite.  He faced her once upon the field of battle and the woman nearly bested him.  Had it not been for the use of illegal fire, the woman’s spear would have devoured the miscreant’s life.”
EpiphanOida pondered aloud, her tear-filled eyes betraying a lingering fear.  “But he did have me as if dead this eve!  All he needed to do was send a guard to dispatch me, my legs unable to deliver me an escape.  Why did he allow me life?”
Sodasonie stared into the night sky in thought.  At length, she answered, “He chooses the have the battle lost on the morrow.  Pharaoh and his priests must not have humbled themselves enough to appease his appetite for worshipful attention.  He believes you can carry the day for your people and bring defeat to Pharaoh’s plans, and needs you alive to do so.  Later, when he has been shown proper respect, he will use his own uncanny powers to crush you and Javan’s army.”  She sadly shook her head.  “Though he fears you greatly, he knows you and your people are no match for his witchery, something he is withholding for the moment.  Remember the powers of Eden and the great, wondrous machines you saw there?  Also recall the weapons carried by some of my warrior brothers, the battles they spoke about?”
EpiphanOida silently acknowledged Sodasonie’s comments.
“Well, my darling child,” Sodasonie admitted, “many of those same magical powers belong to our enemy.  I believe Samyaza intends to bring forth some of them to win this contest.”
The surgeon politely interrupted, saying he was finished.  He then admonished EpiphanOida to be careful so as not to rip apart the stitches.  “The scar will be disappointingly bad enough without you torturing the wound further.  Now do be careful!”  Trom excused himself and hurried away to prepare for the next day’s coming events, shaking his head, knowing his words had fallen on deaf ears.
Sodasonie wagged her finger at Noahashonie, telling her she was to remain and assist her new charge, EpiphanOida. “Now, Little Pitchers with big ears, you are to stay with your sister.  Do not leave her side this night or on the morrow.  Should fire rain down from the heavens or smoke and ruin gather itself from the depths of Hell, you be a good fellow and remain true to this woman.”
With eyes bulging in awe, thinking about such tempestuous happenings, Noahashonie nodded her head with such vigor as to nearly knocking it from her shoulders.  “I… I promise!  No…no matter what happens, I promise!”
Then placing a finger to her lips, Sodasonie warned, “Not a word of this to anyone, not even your husband!  Be silent in regards to everything you have heard and will hear.”
Again Noahashonie promised.
Sodasonie turned her attention back to EpiphanOida.  “I believe Samyaza does not yet understand that I and my people are residing in your company.  We must then keep it that way.  My power must remain hidden or our victory will not be complete.”  She helped EpiphanOida to her feet.  “You and Javan are to gather yourselves to the power of the Stones again this night.  Find a way to bring the enemy down tomorrow.  The defeat must be absolute and filled with humiliation.  The enemy must not be allowed to cross the river.  Not even one sole of their feet can we allow to trample holy ground.  Remove the fear of Samyaza from your soul, and clear your mind for the battle.  You know what the enemy is planning.  Think the absurd and outlandish.  Samyaza must see more than the arrow and sword.  The Stones will obey your commands.”
Taking EpiphanOida by the arms, Sodasonie commanded the woman to be quick about her duties.  “I must assist those at the river this night.  Take with you Javan and this child.”  She motioned toward Noahashonie.  “She will protect your soul from this day forward.  Trust to her strength.  As long as the two of you are together, no harm can come to either.”
Sodasonie departed, disappearing into the darkness.  EpiphanOida gathered up her guard along with Cothath, SchroGarthTho, and their traveling companions.  Shortly they, along with Javan, were hurrying north to find the tiny cabin in a small, wooded glade.

*    *    *

EpiphanOida had remembered little of her first encounter with the Eden Stones, but this last night’s visions were seared deeply into the woman’s waking memory.  She silently regretted neglecting the wise counsel offered, having loosed the reins of the Twelve and the Two.  Now her head ached with vivid scenes of the evening’s horrid adventures of her tempestuous ride through the abyss, lost somewhere between fact and fantasy.
Sodasonie cautioned her earlier to be mindful of the Stones’ powers.  ‘Do not linger in furtive thought, or wander from your anticipated path.  The Living Stones have minds of their own and ever seek to reveal their mischief to the unwary and careless.  By the Immortals they were made, tools built for days of innocence and for minds free of evil thoughts.  You must maintain control over them for unbridled, they will become tricksy and deceitful, showing you what you wish for… or maybe what you do not wish for… but not what you need to see.’
Now while EpiphanOida stared south into the gray of predawn darkness and impenetrable fog, she pondered the visions of the past night twirling around in her head.  While it was true that she and Javan shared together in dreaming the same as they did earlier, EpiphanOida believed the Eden Stones had revealed to her mind sharper and more troubling images of coming events.  The woman also puzzled over some of the visions that flitted to and fro in her mind when, at times, she had allowed her thoughts to wander from the chosen road, following instead the hypnotic refrains of the Stones’ lilting melodies ever falling upon her ears.
A shudder ran down EpiphanOida’s spine as she vividly recalled the Stones’ cryptic unveiling of future events.  As her eyes struggled to pierce the opaque fogbank, and her ears strained to hear the quiet gurgling of the black waters, the woman’s waking visions reached out to paint their vivid, disquieting tapestries upon the morning darkness.
As though through magic, the fog suddenly parted to betray a river filled with monstrous demons, their glistening, black, grotesque bodies pushing against the sluggish current.  High they held their axes and pikes, all the while crying out unholy curses against Javan and all the sons of Dodanim.  Behind them, riding high upon the waters, advanced a flotilla of countless boats filled with the hordes of AnahNakaNoah, all singing songs of ruin and destruction.  In the bow of each craft stood a priest of Hormax, waving a banner high and calling out for the slaughter of all of Javan’s crowd.
Suddenly, a foul disquiet filled EpiphanOida’s ears.  Looking up into the southern sky, she watched in horror as the cloudless blue filled with tiny black dots growing ever larger.  Too numerous to count they were and, as the dots drew near, it was obvious they were not birds but the terrifying sky monsters with wings painted red.  On they raced, like maddened horses, ripping apart the heavens.  Upon the sky ships’ battlements stood dozens of archers as well as other warriors holding long sticks that shot fire toward the ground below.
Soon the wicked machines were but an arrow shot away, raining down destruction and death upon the hapless people below.  EpiphanOida’s heart pounded with the pain of dying, her breathing nearly stopped.  The woman stood terrified, speechless, unable to move leg or limb.  Alone upon the blistered plain she remained, waiting to be torn asunder or tortured by consuming flames.
An instant later, an explosive whoosh! picked EpiphanOida off her feet and pitched her backward.  With singed eyebrows, burnt hair and blistered face, the woman looked up to watch the world around her be consumed in scorching flames that reached up into the heavens.  At that, screeching cries from countless beasts split the air and the sky became pitch black like midnight.
The air became deathly quiet.  Gone were the blazing fire, the monster ships, the river demons.  All was still.  The woman sighed with unease, fearing what might lurk in the black abyss surrounding her.  She waited, fearing to breathe lest searching eyes hiding in the oppressive darkness might discover her.
Then there fell upon EpiphanOida’s ears the sound of many winds that gradually grew in mightiness until their roar drowned out all thought and feeling.  An angry, twirling tempest suddenly erupted from the murky night, catching the woman up and pitching her far into the raging sky.  The twisting storm carried her far away toward the north, eventually dropping her down with a crashing blow upon a cold stone hearth in Castle Dodanim.
When EpiphanOida came to her senses, she looked out upon the empty Great Hall.  Alone she was in the abandoned room, smoldering embers of a long-forgotten fire the only evidence of recent occupancy.  She began to call out but stopped, fearing to make any sound at all.
The distant, piercing cry of a troubled infant startled EpiphanOida, sending a chill racing up her back.  In fear and trepidation, she turned to follow the child’s mournful wails.  Not far away, in a tiny chamber, EpiphanOida discovered a bed, its sheets covered in blood.  On the floor lay a knife still dripping crimson with the guilt of its handiwork.  Not far away, in a wicker basket, lying atop a soft swaddling blanket, a tiny, red-haired newborn wiggled in cold and fright.  A little male infant lay crying, still covered in the filth of its birthing.  Afraid and hungry, it struggled to find a teat to feed it and arms to comfort it.
With pity in her heart, EpiphanOida reached out to pick up the helpless child.  It was not to be.  As soon as her hands came near the little babe, its swaddling blanket and the wicker basket were snatched up by the whirling tempest and carried away through a window into the darkness.
EpiphanOida ran to the window to see what had become of the child only to have her ears pummeled by the sound of a roaring sea.  In the distance, a raven flying high in the blackness called back to her, “To Meric it shall belong.  Behold, the master of the earth and restorer of his father’s house!”
Instantly in a rush, the storm returned, casting EpiphanOida down so that she hit her head upon the hard stone floor.  When she came to her senses, the woman was standing again upon the edge of the Bantoowazzi River in the exact spot where the vision had overtaken her.
Now though, the darkness was slowly receding and EpiphanOida could see into the sluggish waters.  Something was afoul, for the water carried a glistening, sickly sheen and the air was filled with a smell like that of rancid grease from a long dead cave bear.  The sights and putrid odors made the woman’s skin crawl and her stomach churn.  She hurried away from the riverbank, warning others she encountered to not go near it.

Javan paced nervously, watching the red glow of morning spreading out across the eastern sky.  The power of the Eden Stones burned bright in his mind the visions of the previous night, giving him pause while filling his heart with concern.  Unlike EpiphanOida, who had permitted the Stones to play tricksy and mischievous with her dreams, Javan’s demanding control over their glory caused the stark reality of this coming day to be nakedly exposed before his eyes.
Part of that stark reality was that nothing was guaranteed to him.  Fate fought neither for nor against him and his people this day.  Oh yes, the power of the Stones was assured.  They would deliver their promises.  Had…  Still, the Stones were only machines, machinations of other intelligent minds, useful tools when wielded with skill and determination.  Little they cared… No, they cared not for the success or failure of the person commanding their power, being mindless slaves.
Javan knew too well that the outcome of this day fell upon and to the will of other minds, his and those with him, and AnahNakaNoah and those with him.  As a strategist, Javan could not trust to the hope that the pharaoh would so blindly surrender to his opponent’s whims.  Battle was not one-sided, but was determined by the thinking and reasoning of two separate, independent tacticians.  Fate cared not for who was right or wrong, but only for satisfying its own fickle desires.  How would it choose this day?  Might a word spoken out of place or an action taken out of step cause all his carefully laid plans to go awry?
It worried Javan to think that it was possible EpiphanOida was tricked by Samyaza into believing what the army was going to do.  After all, he knew she was there, had attacked her mind, frightened the woman so badly so that she injured herself hurrying to get away from him.  And that last evening with the Stones, EpiphanOida was so distracted that she lent little to the vision’s direction other than the power of the Stone she carried within her soul.  Yet what was there to do other than to trust to the woman’s information?
No, Javan believed the enemy would storm the northern shores and also amass his many sky ships against him.  He would do the same if he were in AnahNakaNoah’s position.  After all, his army must be famished.  He must move soon or abandon his location south of the river.  The pharaoh must have a quick and decisive victory, or be forced to withdraw in defeat.  Still…
Rubbing his bearded chin in thought, Javan finally decided that precaution was the better part of valor.  Quickly gathering his captains to him, he ordered that hundreds of campfires be gradually started in the fields near the northern shore of the river, encouraging the enemy’s belief that Javan’s army was still camped out in the open, exposed to the enfilading downpour of their fiery missiles.
Javan sent his eldest son, NoahDodanim, forward with several companies of bowmen, telling him to assign a heavy guard at the fords.  “By nature of instinct, like mindless beasts, the giant madmen of Hiodrophideise, the Anakim, will seek the shallows to advance upon us.  They will slowly gather toward the fords, for the river is very wide and the fog deceitful in providing direction.  Should even the sun be burning bright, have your archers cast flaming arrows upon the enemy.  These monsters fear fire more than wild horses trapped in a burning shed.”
Dungy had been sent east with two companies of cavalry to join up with the recently arrived Atlantician Army.  They were to hold a flanking position just beyond Javan’s main force to protect against a possible enemy end round attack.  StobattanThornbirge had arrived that afternoon, and hundreds of camel cavalry archers were anchoring the western flank of the army.  Javan’s only fear was Stobattan’s impatience might cause him to mount an attack against AnahNakaNoah’s army prematurely.  Javan shook his head and shrugged.  He was still so relieved to have Stobattan’s cavalry.
Javan turned to the sound of hurried feet entering the camp.  A smile crept across his face when he recognized Noahashonie as she appeared from the darkness into the glow of the waning firelight, Cothath and SchroGarthTho following close behind.  The grin on the girl’s face reassured him that his feelings had been correct, that the night sounds held little to fear.
“My Lord!  My Lord!”  Noahashonie excitedly cried in as quiet a voice as she could make, her hands reaching out to him as she drew close.  “My Lord, it is as you believed…we believed.  Iam has not betrayed us to evil.  All is as you supposed.”
Spreading his arms wide, Javan caught Noahashonie up in them.  “Well, well, my little one,” Javan’s teeth shone white in the dancing shadows, “I knew you would bring me good news.  You’ve never disappointed me.  Never!”
As he squeezed Noahashonie in a giant bear hug, Javan considered the report delivered him a little while before.  Two of his chieftains stationed with the garrisons dug in under the heavy forest trees came to him with cries of dread.  Sometime after the beginning of the morning watch, the people hidden beneath the ancient trees became aware of the most unearthly sounds like that of disturbed breezes filled with disquiet and discontent.  An apprehension like that of coming death gradually settled down from the trees over the camp, then an unnerving silence.  No one dared move, even breathe.  What evil was above them in the trees?  Javan believed he knew, but the witchery of Hormax and Samyaza could not be disregarded.
Releasing his hold on Noahashonie, Javan extended a hand of gratitude to the child’s grandfather and his fellow chieftain, thanking them for their willing assistance.  Standing there, he turned toward the south to face the enemy camp.  “I wish to keep your Mozerathas kindred and their fighting camels out of harm’s way under the shelter of deep forest, behind the entrenchments.  Keep them on the ready, for should the armies of AnahNakaNoah breach our lines, I am in expectation that your people will slow the advancing enemy tides.”
Cothath smiled a toothy grin, shaking his head.  “Today we will rest with our axes at the ready.  The feet of the evil ones will not intrude upon this ground.  Dancing Stones has seen fire and smoke in her visions as you have also seen, but no foot having trodden this shore.  The earth is in revolt against those who speak defiantly of Iam.  Iam fights for us this coming day.  Take your rest and watch Iam.”
A look of surprise filled Javan’s face as he turned to look at Cothath.  How did he know what the Eden Stones had shown them?  Had Noahashonie’s tongue slipped and revealed those secrets?  He glanced toward her.  No, the girl was as perplexed as he regarding the source of the Mozerathas chieftain’s revelation.  These people were uncannily strange.  He was happy they chose to be on his side.
Quickly gathering his wits, Javan replied, “My brother, I am confident you are correct.  Still, I feel better thinking you have my back should things turn against us today.  The enemy has many, many tools at his disposal to bring our ruin.  We have only the river and fog between them and us.  When the fog lifts and the sun blazes down upon us, we will only have the power of Iam to give us rescue.”
Cothath grinned, nearly laughing, “When the fog rises shall all Heaven and Hell come together, and the creatures from the black underworld shall come alive!  Do not allow your people to dwell upon the riverbank this day.  It is not the enemy advancing upon the waters that you must fear, but the vengeful anger of the torrid stream.”  He looked toward the river, lifting his head as if sniffing the breeze.  “Can you not smell the coming death?  Wisps of carious flesh and smells of rancid fat tell tales of woe.  Iam has waked the Pits of Doom upon this land.  Death awaits all men at the river.  Stay clear of the river’s shore!”
 “It is wise counsel.  Please do not dally in warning our people.”  Javan and the others turned quickly toward the sound of the voice to see Sodasonie and EpiphanOida coming from the shadows into the firelight.  Sodasonie repeated her warning and EpiphanOida added, “There is an angry sickness in the river.  It burns the throat, stings the eyes and churns the stomach.”
Not hesitating, Javan ordered two of his officers and several mounted scouts to hurry along the line and inform the soldiers there to stay away from the water’s shore.  “Have the archers remain well within bow shot of the river, but beyond the range of a spearman’s throw.  Also tell the pickets to remain with the bowmen.  No one closer than the bowmen, and tell the bowmen to stay hidden in the deep grasses.”
His soldiers acknowledged the commands and departed with urgency, spreading the news east and west out along the expansive line.  Expansive it was, too, extending west from the Old South Pike Road for four miles, and two east.
Sodasonie excused herself and went in search of PalaHar.  Javan asked EpiphanOida and Noahashonie to go with his standard bearer, he meeting up with them on the Old South Pike Road.  He then requested Cothath and SchroGarthTho gather up the giant, long-nosed beasts of burden that arrived with the Mozerathas supply train and have their herdsmen move them back into the heavy woods.  Javan feared the coming battle might spook the animals, causing them to rampage the camps.  The men complied, saying he had nothing to fear, something he was to later see for himself.
Thanking them, Javan prepared to hold one final council with a few of his captains who were waiting for him at a command post near the trenches.  He wanted the captains to be prepared to come to his aid should the day go against them.  He had planned well.  They all had planned well, but there were so many ifs and so much territory to cover with so few warriors.  Still, Javan believed they were as prepared as well as may be.
The northern shore of all five fords was reinforced with extra companies of soldiers, the feeling being that the fight would be the most contested at those points.  Javan’s army was spread very thin, having only about four thousand of his people exposed on the open field.  The remainder of his army hunkered down in the trenches and covered redoubts.
Even with the loss of nearly two thousand killed and another fourteen hundred seriously wounded or maimed contesting the fords, the fighting arm of Javan’s military was now close to thirty-six thousand.  This was still only a fraction of the enemy swarm facing them on the other side of the river, but it was a formidable defensive force.
Defensive force?  It was never Javan’s intent to merely hold the northern bank of the Bantoowazzi River.  His intent was crushing AnahNakaNoah’s army and forcing him to retreat or be destroyed.  He needed his army fresh and intact for when he advanced against AnahNakaNoah.  That was why the majority of the soldiers were being kept from harm’s way. 
Was this only a bold and foolish dream on his part?  From a human standpoint, one would think so.  AnahNakaNoah and those with him most certainly believed it to be so.  Today…today would reveal the truth.  For should the enemy force the northern shore, the kingdom of Dodanim would surely fall, its people murdered or driven into slavery.  Then the darkness of Hormax would fully engulf the world, the Dragons would be hunted down, and Iam would become a forgotten God.
“No!”  Javan snorted, as he prepared to mount KiiCue.  No!  Iam was the living God, the Maker of Worlds.  He would not allow his name to be forgotten and his power to be questioned.  Javan was Iam’s tool, Iam’s weapon used to bring down the house of AnahNakaNoah and force the house of Hormax back into hiding.  This war Javan would win for Iam and Dodanim’s people.  This coming battle was putting the pharaoh on notice that his days as king were numbered.

*    *    *

The Bantoowazzi River was not being kind to AnahNakaNoah’s army.  The sun was already risen above the eastern mountains before his giant Anoofimnihe took to the water, many of them having to be whipped like unruly beasts to get them to obey.  As they trudged away from shore, the river’s surface slime coated them with dark, glistening goo.
It was little easier for General TyzbombeaNubie to manage the boat crews and soldiers to be about their duties either, but not because the men refused to obey orders.  So many were becoming sick from the foul odors rising from the river, it was nearly impossible to get the boats pulled into the water and prepared for boarding.  When a boat finally was able to cast off with its complement of warriors, many of the men would be leaning over the gunnels, constantly vomiting, while others were slumped down, passed out.
To make matters worse, dense fog hung heavy over the river, creating an impenetrable, thick curtain, veiling secrets of not only the northern shore, but also most of the river itself.  For men waiting to board the boats, the waters were hiding their evil, swallowing from sight departing boats less than a stone’s throw away.  And the silence, too, was so oppressive that many soldiers felt as though they were journeying into the bowels of an endless tomb.
Then there came the commotion after entering the water, those demonic giants wandering to and fro, sloshing about this way and that, the sluggish current the only indicator of direction.  As for the boats?  Once out of sight of the southern shore, there existed no way to accurately navigate the river.  Lost in the clammy, blinding abyss, most of the crews did little more than quietly row against the side currents, that is if the headman could figure where the flow of water was coming from.
Some boats found themselves advancing upon their own southern shore, nearly ramming other boats or nearly being rammed themselves.  Worse yet, some confused crews happened upon one or another of the giants wandering lost in the waters, the giant cursing their carelessness and often swinging his weapon at the boat’s hapless occupants.  Finally, orders were sent out to tie off several boats together fore and aft, creating a line of sight, giving direction to the current.
Very slowly and laboriously, the unwieldy armada of several hundred over-laden water craft filled with sick and tired men began to make their way toward the northern shore, following the giants who were in the distant lead.  By this time, the sun had been above the hills for nearly two hours, and it would still be nearly half an hour more before General TyzbombeaNubie’s forward elements would reach their destination.
As frustrated as TyzbombeaNubie was regarding the amphibious assault, his spirits were rising concerning other matters.  The fog was sliding north, already exposing portions of the river along its southern bank.  This was speeding up boarding and departure of the last of the aquatic invasion force.  Even now, engineers were launching barges needed to transport tools and equipment across the river to begin building the northern bridgeheads as soon as that shore was secured.
The sun was also very hot this day.  It was quickly drying out the munitions of the thunder weapons positioned in the fields bordering the southern shore.  Report had also come to the general that the winged sky ships were warming up and would be ready soon to take to the skies.
Orders were immediately sent back for ships to take to the air.  Tyzbombea’s plan was for his twelve score of sky ships to fly, wingtip to wingtip, in three oncoming waves along a three-mile front.  This was also where most of his thunder weapons had been placed.  He had set the South Pike Road in the center of this assault, making it easy for the shipmasters to set and hold coordinates.  No mistakes this time.  The general demanded precision from all his military units, and this is what he expected today, no matter the conditions.
Standing within the battlements of a wheeled monster, General TyzbombeaNubie hurriedly issued orders to his couriers and junior officers, creating quite a hustle and bustle of comings and goings.  When finished, he glanced over his shoulder toward AnahNakaNoah who was standing beside a quietly bemused Zeussah, and then leaned close to his brother Zambbalba, whispering, “As you have suggested, my brother, when the winged sky ships are over the river, I shall have the thunder weapons begin their barrage of fire stones.  By that time, the Anoofimnihe should be nearly to the distant shore.  Then we will see the hand of Hormax at work!”
Zambbalba smiled, “It is a good plan, a good plan.  I have offered many hearts up this last evening, assuring our success this day.  The gods will bless us, I am sure.”

EpiphanOida shivered in the gloom of the chilly, dank fog that had recently rolled over Javan’s command post on the Old South Pike.  It was not the cold, clammy air, though, that sent chills running up and down the woman’s spine.  She could sense the demon’s ever searching mind, his derisive malcontent and haughty disdain for the Daughter Dragon opposing him across the river.  Her skin crawled with loathing as the monster’s mental powers stripped her body of its flesh, while he searched for ways to enter the woman’s mind and soul.  Though she was dressed for battle, EpiphanOida felt a naked dread, as though she was being violated by Samyaza’s - ZeussahReaboahm’s intimidating gaze.
Dressed in the attire of her Dragon order before its decimation during Aphrodite’s War, EpiphanOida did not appear to those around her to be cowering in fright on the inside. She looked the part of a mighty warrior, dressed in calf-high leather booting, copper-plated leather armlets, a thick leather girdle with copper-plated leather thigh plates, a sleeveless half-tunic made of bear skin covered with a shirt of copper mail, and topped with a horned helmet of hammered silver lined with the skin and partial skull of a striped tiger’s head, with its long teeth encircling the woman’s forehead like a hooded crest.  Coupled with a double-bladed bastard short sword made of the finest, hammered meteorite folded steel and a short-handled, bell-hook battleaxe she carried, the woman appeared quite fearsome.
But Sodasonie knew better, and why EpiphanOida trembled so with dread.  It was for that very reason she remained standing beside her companion this morning.  Cloaked in her hooded cape, Samyaza was unable to detect the greatest of all Daughter Dragons.  Instead he had focused all his evil intentions upon EpiphanOida, seeking some way to break the woman’s will so that she might quail in fright and flee the field, demoralizing the gallant warriors who stood their posts beside her, their courage existing solely because of her stolid bravery.
Sodasonie reached out, offering EpiphanOida a reassuring touch, smiling, “Breathe it in!  Smell his hatred like the hawk does the wounded rabbit!  He is more afraid of you than you believe.  Remember, I stood beside your kind on the Day of Fire.  Suffered loss we both did, but the evil monster fled our advances.  He feared you that day, still does.  Twist his mind games against him.  You are strong and filled with the power of a Daughter Dragon.  Search out his thoughts, deride him, and laugh at his overconfidence.  He will flee in dread.”  She rubbed EpiphanOida’s arm, confessing, “He can only kill the body.  No more powerful is he than a stone or an arrow.  Show him you know that, and that you are a slayer of Worms.  Show him the slaughter created by your own hand at the Battle of Fire.  Show him the head of his brother you held high upon the field of the slain that day.  Show him your intent to do the same with him.”
Nodding slowly, EpiphanOida attempted to recall the day long ago where she held up the head of SozayYamBieze, chief counselor of Samyaza and high potentate to Hormax’ son, YeaTanzBeata, who she also slaughtered on the field that day.  She, the woman-child of not yet one hundred twenty summers, had earned the name given her that day…‘EpiphanOida’, ‘Slayer of the gods’ for not only bringing SozayYamBieze down to defeat, but for slaughtering the giant, SethYazazah, Samyaza’s personal armor bearer.
The words came slow and quiet from EpiphanOida’s lips.  “Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon.” …strange sounds that EpiphanOida remembered uttering as she watched blood dripping from Sozay’s severed head.  She did not know the world from which they came, but she understood their meaning in her heart: ‘So have the gods themselves been ruined by a mortal woman’s flesh.’  When Samyaza caught sight of her standing there with his dead lieutenants surrounding her, he cried out in anguish.  At that moment, EpiphanOida screamed out those words to him, he turned and fled the field.
Lifting her head up and staring into the fog, EpiphanOida shouted out, “Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!”
A few people stopped what they were doing, puzzled at hearing these strange words.
“Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!”  EpiphanOida shouted again.
Now the entire camp was quietly watching, listening.
EpiphanOida now hefted her axe high, shaking it, screaming out to the sky, “Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!”
Silence, deathly silence fell across the camp.  All those hearing EpiphanOida froze as though dead.  No one among them knew the meaning of those words, but something struck inside their hearts, gradually dispelling any troubling trepidation hiding within.
“Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!”
EpiphanOida turned her head to see who had resounded the words.  Noahashonie stood beside Odethbethel, both women drawing axes from their belts.  “Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!” they shouted again in unison, neither knowing what the words meant, but feeling power growing in their hearts from shouting them.
“Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!” came a shout from another woman, another, and then another, until throughout the entire camp and soon the entire army, the women were brandishing weapons and crying out those words of war in chanting unison until it felt as though the very earth would split apart and the sky would fall.
Turning her face to the south, EpiphanOida went in search of the man who had been taunting her throughout those early hours.  As her mind’s eyes felt their way through a darkness of thought, she began anew the chant, picking up the rhythm of the others.  While her mouth shouted out the phrase ‘Chumbide Sommonee Shombiebee BomKracker Krazzon!’ her heart cried out for revenge, seeking to bring to a finish what she had not completed on the field those many years before.
When the frantic cries of the women warriors finally subsided, an unusual quiet filled the air, everyone listening for something that the ear could not yet hear but the heart could sense.  Then, like an angry swarm of enraged bees rising from the ground, off in the distant south there arose a quiet drone of countless swarms.  The thick fog bank blinded the eyes as to what lay on the horizon, but it could not hide the sounds of coming doom.
While some began to quail, EpiphanOida stepped forward, raising her head high and spreading wide her arms.  With a grimaced smile, she shouted out to the sky the words of the gods spoken before the Great Waters destroyed their worlds, words taught to her by Aphrodite long ago.  “Karkow KarCongsee Tobie Tobie Congkicee FoeBontee!” meaning in the common tongue, ‘The Dragons awake for the slaughter of all knightly men!”

Zeussah winced and took a step back.  Few noticed, other than his personal lieutenants.  General TyzbombeaNubie and his brother, Zambbalba, were in quiet conversation with Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah.  Light-hearted the men were, feeling that in only moments their grand plan was about to explode upon Javan and his misfit army of farmers and huntsmen.  Zeussah frowned and then smiled…frowning because he had underestimated this Dragon who stood Javan’s side, smiling because the coming humiliation for the pharaoh’s army would be that more crushing.
Turning and pointing toward the south, Tyzbombea shouted merrily, “So have come the ships of the gods given to us by the Sons of Horus!” He glanced nervously over his shoulder, quickly adding, “That is, of course, by the good graces of our lord god, ZeussahReaboahm!”
Zeussah offered Tyzbombea a passing glance as one would a crumpled rag lying upon the floor.  Saying nothing, he returned his gaze toward the north.
There was a moment of disquieting silence before Tyzbombea spoke again.  Sky ships were drawing closer.  Excitedly, the general proclaimed, “When our wondrous birds of war are directly over our thunder weapons, soldiers will unleash a barrage of fire missiles that will rain down upon the enemy hiding in their trenches beyond the river.  By that time, our army should also be reaching the northern shore, retaking those bridgeheads.  Then our sky ships will pour down missiles upon anyone foolish enough to stand defensive lines upon the further fields beyond the river.  Soon victory will be ours!”  He laughed while his brother and AnahNakaNoah chuckled.
Zeussah stopped the laughter with a condescending rebuke.  “Fools!”  Everyone in the war machine’s battlement looked in his direction, anxiously waiting upon what he might say.  He did not disappoint.  Motioning toward the north, he hissed, “You have forgotten the fog.  There is no breeze, yet it moves ever north, hiding from your eyes what lies within.  Do you think you have not been expected?  Do you believe the Witch is unaware of your schemes?”  Zeussah turned, grinning sinisterly, “You have looked upon the field but not reconnoitered it.  Had you done so, you would know Javan and his consort have delivered Hell to this world, and…” he lifted a finger, shaking it, “and you have been ordained to set it ablaze.”

(Author’s note: Although possibly confusing for the reader, the author has chosen to use the three common names that Legion went by at this time.  ‘Samyaza’ was his given name when he became one of Asotos’ (Alithea’s) counselors during the long days of peace far before the Rebellion, and was used by him throughout the pre-Diluvian era.
‘ZeussahReaboahm’, shortened to ‘Zeussah’ and later shortened to ‘Zeus’ was the self-appointed name he announced to Hormax when that man first made worshipful contact with him.  The name later fell into disuse because of the oath taken when he attempted to defeat Lowenah in the battle over hearts at the time of Ishtar’s murder.  Javan’s people refused to recognize Legion by that name to the point of quietly cursing a rebuke upon hearing it.  Even though Hormaxian teachings eventually corrupted the descendants of Javan, ‘Zeus’ was forever a forbidden word to be spoken without derision among those people down to this day.
‘Legion’ was the name Samyaza acquired after the Battle of Memphis because of the way he organized his military into fighting units.  This and his following successes using such tactical battlefield organization, cemented him to the name…a name he proudly carried all the way to his final defeat when Memphis was retaken by Ishtar’s and Queen Adaya’s combined military legions, the two taking their tactical lessons straight from the man’s own playbook.)

The roar of mighty horses from the countless sky ships shook Noahashonie’s world like a violent tempest of an autumn storm.  The girl’s head spun with unimagined dread, her heart pounding in hopeless panic.  Reality fled from her eyes, leaving the child standing in a misty land of shadow and doubt.  Had it not been for Odethbethel’s hand grasping hers, and EpiphanOida and Sodasonie standing out in front like two granite statues against the onslaught, the child within would have fled, screaming, into the forest.  But Noahashonie did not flee.
Wide-eyed, the girl watched, searching in vain into the blinding fog for a glimpse of the giant, winged monsters that would soon unleash their death and destruction upon those standing helplessly below.  Suddenly, while the tumult of the flying beasts was reaching a crescendo, the rumbling bark of huge gunns from across the river added to the deafening cacophony hammering her ears.
‘Swoosh!’  ‘Crackle!’  ‘Swoosh!’  Noahashonie heard the missiles from those gunns tearing through the air overhead.  Then there came thunderous explosions, one following another, shaking the earth, making it hard for the girl to stand.  Trembling with fear, Noahashonie cried out in dread.  Odethbethel squeezed her hand, smiling reassurance, comforting the girl, “Do not fear, Little One.  Today is not our day to die.  Watch and see the power of Iam.  Stand still and see his salvation from this godless rabble, the creation of demons and sorcerers.”
Suddenly, while Odethbethel was still speaking, Noahashonie saw through the fog the angry glow of an orange fire erupting in the direction of the river, one and then another explosion.  An instant later, without warning, a wall of blinding fire tore into the sky, its flaming radiance hurting the girl’s eyes.  Before Noahashonie could turn away from the blast, an intense tempest caught her up in its angry grasp, pitching her through the air so that she crashed hard on her back upon the trodden surface of the old South Pike Road.  When she finally came to her senses, a black, lung-burning, choking smoke filled the air, making it difficult to breathe and impossible to see.

Admiral KufiSauntooh stood beside his shipmaster, looking intently at the nearing fog bank.  Too high it was to fly over, so he had to direct his fleet of ships into it, hoping the other shipmasters would maintain formation until breaking out of it on the other side.  Just as his advancing line of sky-ships entered the fog, he looked back to see the thunder weapons below begin to send their fiery missiles into the sky.  Smiling warily, he cast his gaze into the fog.  Resting his hands on the bridge rail, he called out, “Take us in straight and true on line.”
The shipmaster smiled and turned to his helmsman just as the fog enveloped them, nervously whispering, “I hope those fire-stones miss us.  It is far too close in here!”  Missiles raced across the sky, most falling in and around the heavy woods.  Tree limbs shattered and leaves were torn from their branches as violent clouds of smoke and flame shot skyward.
“It was enough to wake the dead!” one witness of those explosive moments later recalled.  Whether it was enough to wake the dead or not, the convulsive assault did awake something sleeping in the trees.

The element of surprise was only a fond memory for soldiers laboring to cross the river, it now being so late in the morning.  Still they hoped beyond hope that the distant wall of fog would conceal them long enough to struggle onto the nearing shore and regroup before being attacked.  Unfolding scenes to the east and west along the wide Bantoowazzi encouraged them.  Spread out behind them in both directions for as far as the eye could see was an armada of hundreds upon hundreds of similar watercraft filled to the gunnels with countless thousands of soldiers who were also slowly advancing toward the northern bank.
A golden sun revived their spirits even though the air was filled with the acrid smell of rotten…rotten?  The men did not know what it could be compared to other than its stench was sickeningly putrid and it burned the eyes and nostrils.  Here and there, the stink would bubble up through glistening, black slime floating thick upon the water, slime that could blister the skin if one did not wipe it off quickly enough.
One of the boats that had launched in the morning darkness to scout out ahead of the main landing force silently poled up to the fog-laden northern shore.  Quietly, over a score of men managed their way across the bow of the little boat to avoid the black slime and jumped into the swampy grasses growing along the riverbank.  Several men collapsed to the ground beside the boat, too sick to move any further away from the river.  The others cautiously made their way forward, searching blindly in the fog for any sign of the enemy.
Cousins JuuFet and DooDifoo crawled up a little hillock, out ahead of the others.  In the gloomy stillness, the young men, little older than boys, could hear the grunts and cursing of the giant Anoofimnihe struggling toward the shore.  These giants were still some distance away, hidden back somewhere within the oppressive fog.  From the sound of it, they were having a hard time making their way through the thick slime and along the gooey river bottom.
JuuFet, the younger of the two, crawled forward, finding abandoned earthworks.  He slid down into a dug trench after motioning DooDifoo to follow.  Looking around, he puzzled.  There were still tools, shovels, even some weapons and foodstuffs here, as if the defenders had quickly departed, and the smoldering embers of a charcoal fire told him it had not been that long ago.
With a subdued grunt, DooDifoo slid over the earthen bank and plopped himself down beside his cousin.  At that moment, the howling chant of women warriors in Javan’s army echoed down from the northern encampments and out across the Bantoowazzi River.  The cousins froze, their hearts beating as though in death throes.  They dared not move for fear these demons of the Jahouk would swoop down upon them, tearing their flesh and drinking their living blood as they begged for mercy.  At least that was what the priests of Horus said these Witch Dragons would do.  In tortured panic, the two sat there, expecting at any moment to see the grotesquely painted faces of these wild madwomen appearing out of the fog as they charged their hapless victims.  Too afraid to crawl back over the embankment, the terrified boys mutely awaited their doom.  But it did not come.

Out across the waters, everyone stopped to listen to the howling of these devil-women creatures.  A few whispered their names, some made signs upon themselves or quietly called out to a favorite god, but no one dared move.  All along the north side of the river, for miles to the east and west, the cries of these half-human, half-beast creatures continued to call out their insatiable thirst for blood.  Few of the headmen and leaders showed fear, but most felt it in their heart.
Eventually, the wild chanting died away.  Silence again, wonderful silence…  Suddenly there arose the angry cry of a lone lioness calling out her defiance to the world.  Though only one person, it caused any faint of heart to quail.  Here was the voice of a Witch Demon born not of the living but delivered here from the pits of Hell!  What chance did mortals of flesh and blood have against these beasts of the underworld?  But soon, too, that woman’s cry passed along, and the boat crews renewed their efforts to advance toward the northern shore.
Around this same time, engineers and laborers working on the new pontoon bridges along and near the southern banks of the river looked up to see the horizon behind them filling with giant, winged sky ships.  On they came.  Like wild horses racing across an open plain, these ships of war made their way north, toward the towering mist hiding the enemy in the northern fields.  As the first of the three waves of ships reached the edge of the fog bank, the thunder weapons unleashed their fiery fury.
Men at the river and in the advancing boats cheered exuberantly, waving up at the countless sky ships as they passed overhead, while many of the soldiers standing along the wicker rails of those craft shouted and waved back.  Then there was the deafening ‘Kaa-Foom!’  ‘Kaa-Foom!’ of the thunder weapons, filling the air with smoke and fire as they hurled huge, round, burning stones high over the heads of men on the river and cast them into the dense clouds of fog and toward the enemy camps.  That was, at least, where most of the flaming missiles went.  Some of the crews had loaded their thunder weapons up early in the morning, while the powder they used was still damp.  A few of those charges were weak, sending their explosive missiles cascading down upon the river.

“Why didn’t you two report back to us?” the boat’s headman snarled as he looked down upon JuuFet and DooDifoo.  Neither of the boys replied, sighing, relieved at seeing their captain.  His angry face was much more appreciated than seeing the witch women who must be lurking out there somewhere in the fog.  Sliding down beside them, being quickly followed by two other men from the boat, the headman looked around, nodding.  It was the same all along this front of the river.  The earthworks were all abandoned.
As the five quietly talked, they heard a commotion down by the river.  JuuFet turned and looked out from the trench just in time to see a blinding light explode beyond the gloom.  Suddenly the entire world erupted around him in a concussive blast, knocking him down, pummeling his eardrums and temporarily blinding him.  The world went dark as he cried out in fear, believing he was dying.

 ‘Kaa-Foom!  Kaa-Foom!  Kaa-Foom!’  Three smoking missiles cast skyward by the thunder weapons fell short of the fogbank, exploding just above the shimmering surface of the wide Bantoowazzi, sending sheets of flame and burning shards cascading down upon the river and nearby boats.  The deafening tumult of those explosions was instantly silenced by an immense wall of flame that shot heavenward.  At that same instant, infernos raced east and west along the river at such speed that they gathered up the still air in front of them, turning into a tempestuous firestorm, its fury raging along the river for miles.
The force of the superheated storm rolled over the tiny boats, swamping some and tossing others into the burning air while casting their hapless occupants into the frothing waves.  Hundreds of men were killed instantly by the force of the tempest while countless others, burned and maimed, struggled to stay afloat in the murky slime.  The few boats that had not been destroyed were filled with men writhing in agony whose flesh was burned and charred, their lungs seared by the superheated air.
Thousands of men clustered along the southern shore, including hundreds of companies of infantry waiting to be taken across the river when the empty boats returned.  Then there were engineers and countless laborers hurriedly working to assemble the pontoon bridges.  Few had little more time than to look up and see the blinding flames before destruction rained down upon them.
This crimson inferno lifted up the black, shiny waters as it roared across the river toward the southern bank, sending a foaming, black spray cascading over thousands upon the beach, quickly followed by a wall of roiling fire sweeping over the crowded shore, engulfing it in an angry conflagration.  In seconds, the fields were filled with living, human torches, screeching and wailing in the boiling smoke consuming them as they insanely raced about.

 “Pull up!  Pull up!” the shipmaster screamed to his helmsman.  He frantically turned to his speaking tube, shouting to the crew below, “Drop the stones!  Drop the stones!”  Then into another tube he cried, “Give me power!  Give me power!  All the power you have!”
Wide-eyed and terrified, KontinKuken muscled back on the tall rudder stick, assisting the helmsman in pulling the heavy prow of the sky ship up in the vain hope of avoiding angry, orange flames racing heavenward.  In horror, he watched the line of ships in front of him suddenly caught in this fiery cataclysm.  Many just vanished from before the boy’s eyes, while others burst into flames and tumbled through the engulfing fires toward the burning river below.
The second wave of sky ships was about midway across the river when the fires reached up toward them.  For over a thousand cubits, the holocaust tore upward, crowned in writhing black clouds of smoke stretching heavenward for another thousand.  Ships over the river that were not ripped asunder by the blast instantly caught ablaze.  Dozens of soldiers fell or jumped from the wicker rails while crews inside choked and strangled on the superheated air and noxious smoke.  As ships plummeted through the fire toward the river below, searing flames reached into their holds, igniting many of the stones, renting the air with deafening explosions.
KontinKuken was in the third wave of sky ships about a half mile behind the second wave.  He could clearly see the chilling catastrophe unfolding ahead of him.  It was all happening too fast and was so unreal that his mind did not even hear the shipmaster until he screamed at him the third time to pull harder on the stick.  With all their might, he and the helmsman intensified their efforts to force the heavy cables controlling the wings to lift the machine skyward.
Ponderously, the heavy sky beast began to answer the helm.  KontinKuken could hear the horses’ fury growing as the prow grudgingly nosed upward.  Much too clumsy and far too close to turn away from the raging inferno, the shipmaster was desperately attempting to rise above the firestorm.  Already the situation appeared hopeless to Kontin.  Through the opened windows located in the front and sides of the craft, he watched other sky ships also attempting to avoid the storm of destruction approaching.
As they climbed, Kontin’s sky ship yawed to the left.  The boy glanced over and through the side window just as another sky ship far below flew into the raging wall of fire.  And then, one after another, the storm consumed more ships, some flying into the flames while others were torn apart by the winds of the storm.  He even witnessed that other shipmasters, in a panic to avoid the raging flames, dove their ships straight down into the marshy fields to either crumple into massive piles of wood and cloth or to burst apart in flame and fury.
As the boy stared in disbelief at the destruction surrounding them, a fearsome shadow overtook the ship.  In seconds, darkness like night enveloped it while winds of a frothing tempest slammed the helpless vessel about.  Desperately clinging to the helmsman’s stick, Kontin heard the hapless cries of soldiers being pitched over the rails as the winds screamed around them.  To the boy, it felt as though the giant warship was little more than a tiny leaf being tossed about in an angry storm.  Unlike many of the other voices shouting out to their gods, Kontin began crying for his mother.
Through the burning, blinding smoke, Kontin could see the ship rapidly coming apart.  There was a huge crack spreading across the deck about midway to the helmsman’s cabin, and pieces of the ship’s cloth skin were beginning to shred and rip away.  Suddenly, with a screeching crash, the massive pod on the right wing tore off, taking along with it the powerful horses and crew inside.  The prow of the sky ship began to nose down and gradually drift toward the fates waiting below.
Kontin’s world began swirling, the thick, black smoke and sickening air overcoming his senses.  Cries of the frantic shipmaster and crew became fainter, and the tumult less frantic and frightening.  Just before the boy passed out and fell to the deck, he felt a rush of cool, moist fog on his face and heard his mother whispering, “Do not fear, my son.  Rest in my arms, for you are now safe from your worries.”

Wiping blood from his eyes, struggling to dig himself from the twisted wreckage, Admiral KufiSauntooh attempted to gather his wits to understand what had just happened.  As he clawed away at the splintered wood and shredded cloth that had once been his glorious flagship, the man sought to make sense of events that seemingly overtook them in an instant.
The lead element of the fleet had been in the fog bank for about a minute when a blinding, red glow filled the southern sky behind them.  Only seconds later, the sky ship was caught in a terrifying tailwind that whipped the machine back and forth, threatening to tear it apart.  The helmsman and his assistants struggled heroically to keep the ship’s prow facing skyward and, despite the tempest, managed to maintain control of the rudder.
Seconds later, bright sunlight could be seen streaming in through the fog.  The shipmaster grinned with satisfaction and leaned forward to call into the speaking tube for his crew to ready their missiles.  Before he could utter a sound, the sky again became frighteningly dark.  Looking forward to see what was happening, the shipmaster was hit in the face by a giant, winged bat, knocking him to the floor, senseless.  Instantly, there was a rush of the squealing animals flooding the cabin through the opened front windows.  The forward speed of the sky ship made the creatures missiles in their own right, throwing the crew into total confusion.
For the soldiers standing along the wicker rails, the flying animals also hit with no warning, their blows pitching many of the men over the rails toward the earth below.  Others fell to the walkway, struggling to pull off these frightened creatures that were clawing and biting at equally fearful foes.
As his sky ship cleared the fogbank, the admiral stared aghast into a massive, boiling cloud of countless bats filling the sky with an eerie darkness, having little time to contemplate the situation because, at that moment, the powerful horses of the sky ship fell silent.  Refusing to answer its helm, the giant machine yawed larboard and nosed downward, toward the swampy fields far below.

*    *    *

The explosive inferno subsided, its volatile fumes quickly dissipating, only to be shortly followed by a more sinister blaze feeding on the black slime floating on the water’s surface.  It crept across the river at the pace of a man’s casual walk, slow enough for the remaining able-bodied soldiers near the shores to make escape, but too fast for the injured or those further out in the water to outpace the flames.
A pitiful wailing arose from the Bantoowazzi River, drowning out the noisy mayhem across the swampy Megiddo fields.  Never before had people on either side of the battle lines witnessed such sheer magnitude of fiery destruction, or heard blood-curdling screams and cries of so many men being slowly incinerated by a relentless fire.  Long would this day be remembered, seared into the minds of these people as if a branding iron had been taken to them.
From that day forward, the name ‘Megiddo’ would carry the meaning ‘Low Plain of Decisiveness,’ or ‘Valley of Decision and Death’.  It was in those days that a teaching of a flaming underworld for the damned began, so many witnesses of that event believing the gods from the realms below had risen up with the fires of their abiding place to consume the worlds of men.  Even among the sons of Dodanim who stood upon the field that day there arose such a belief - that belief eventually spreading across oceans to the far corners of the earth.

During the uproarious confusion, ZambbalbaNubie and his brother, General TyzbombeaNubie, quietly departed the wheeled battlement and took to flight along with their trusted lieutenants toward Mounds, some twenty leagues to the east.  It was well past the midnight hour when they arrived at the walled city, the company having only dared to stop long enough to rest the horses.
When AnahNakaNoah discovered his trusted priest and commanding officer missing, he went into a rage, ordering a battalion of charioteers to go in pursuit.
Zeussah stopped him.  “You know where the fools are going and where they will be when the moment is right.”  He grinned sinisterly, “And the moment will be right soon enough…”
Zeussah looked north at the orange flames and thick, roiling clouds of black, poisonous smoke, addressing the pharaoh with a snickering hiss.  “You have received no more than you deserve, giving too much glory to those fools and ignoring me, your true god, who stood silently before you, waiting to receive your worshipful attention!”  He faced a frightened AnahNakaNoah, shaking an accusing finger at him.  “I do not take lightly such malcontent!  I should bring to ruin whatever remains of your dismal assemblage of vagabonds and tramps!”
AnahNakaNoah lifted his arms, quailing, while dropping to his knees, beseeching Zeussah to have mercy on him.
“Shut up, you!”  Zeussah demanded.  “I have told you what it is that you deserve.  For you, though, if you will repent, I will offer even greater glory to you than you can imagine.”
“Whatever is the desire of my lord and god, I will do!”  AnahNakaNoah cried, looking up into Zeussah’s eyes as he spread his arms outward in humble submission.
Zeussah glared at AnahNakaNoah, his words harsh and filled with anger.  “You have shown disdain for me…me, ZeussahReaboahm!  For that, you must prove your loyalty!  If you refuse, I will lift up another to take your place and burn you and your family in fires far more fearsome than the ones you are seeing at the moment.”
“Forgive me!  Forgive me, please!” the pharaoh begged with tears.  “Whatever you wish, I swear I will do for you, my Lord and God.”
“Then it shall be,” Zeussah smiled piously.  “I will put you to the test to see if you are telling me truth or not.”
For several minutes, Zeussah slowly paced back and forth, rubbing his chin in thought, his hooded lieutenants silently standing back to give him space.  All around, frantic scenes of death and ruin played themselves out, but for AnahNakaNoah, all was still and quiet, except for the beating of his anxious heart.  Eventually Zeussah stopped and focused his attention upon the pharaoh.  Lifting a hand and pointing toward the man’s face, he softly commanded, “To satisfy justice for the many foul acts of disregard you have shown the gods, you must do these very small things to prove that your words ring with truth.  Then on the morning following this day and the coming morning, you shall move your army across the river to new glory and conquest.”
AnahNakaNoah sat back on his knees, waiting to hear what was demanded of him.
Zeussah glanced north and then back at the pharaoh.  “Two mornings following this day, you shall move your army across the river.  You are to deliver into my hand, alive, Javan, son of Dodanim, the witch called ‘Dancing Stones’, and the dark-skinned child of the Northlands who is known as ‘Noahashonie’.  Bring them alive to me so that justice can be meted out to the full.  Do as you wish with the rest of Javan’s crowd.”
Bowing forward so that his hands rested upon the planked floor of the wheeled battlement, AnahNakaNoah offered to do all that was commanded of him.
Zeussah stepped forward, staring down with contempt.  “First, you must prove your loyalty to me.  Bring to me your son who rides beside you in your chariot, and find for me two dozen of the young male children who are found in camp with their fathers, and also deliver here this night three times two dozen plus four of your young virgin girls that are found among your people.  Bring them all here this evening when the moon rises to its height in the sky.”
Puzzled, AnahNakaNoah answered that he would do as he was commanded.  At that, he was told to stand and look upon his god.
“I am not finished,” Zeussah snarled, interrupting.  “Bring with you the stone of the high priests of Horus that High Priest ZambbalbaNubie delivered to this place so that it may be consecrated and made holy.  And you shall make it holy this evening.”
AnahNakaNoah’s face filled with dread and doubt, wondering with fear ZeussahReaboahm’s intent.  He was not kept waiting.
Pointing at the pharaoh’s waist-belt, Zeussah commanded, “You are to take the knife of your father and give to your god the hearts of all those demanded of you.  First you must deliver your son, and by your own hand pour his blood out upon the stone so that it will become holy.  Then, in the same manner, all the young boys’ blood you shall pour out upon the stone so that your son will not journey alone into the dark underworld.  Finally, you are to deliver up the maidens to the same reward so that the young men will have comforters on their journey.”
AnahNakaNoah began to weep and begged with many entreaties to have his son, the heir to his kingdom, preserved alive.
A harsh backhand across Pharaoh’s face quieted him.  “Enough!  Do you think I find pleasure in the death of so many little children?  Iam is a great, evil adversary.  He is ever thirsty for blood to satisfy his palate.  You will make him drunk and sleepy as one is made drunk and sleepy with wine.  Then, while he is resting in his drunken stupor, your son and his warriors will wage a war against him, making him forget Javan and his people.  You will then pass across the river, gaining revenge for the evil Javan’s god has brought upon you.”
AnahNakaNoah again entreated Zeussah to have mercy upon him and spare his son.
Shaking his head, denying the pharaoh’s entreaties, Zeussah explained, “I shall open the way for you to destroy your enemy, but your son must wage war against Iam so that he remains distracted.  You must then storm the gate.  It is the way it is because you did not seek my counsel but listened to fools who, like you, failed to show proper respect for me.  Now you must do whatever is necessary to bring your enemy to ruin.  It is the way of the gods.”
Leaning forward and shaking a threatening finger, Zeussah warned, “If you do not do as the Great ZeussahReaboahm has commanded, Iam will not sleep in drunken stupor, but bring forth the northern hordes and exterminate your people.  And all your sons and daughters will be slaughtered before your face.  Then, when your humiliation is complete and your manliness cut away from your flesh, you will be blinded and set to working the mill wheel in the prison hole for the remainder of your miserable life!”  Zeussah then dismissed him.
Pharaoh cried out again in dismay for mercy as he departed.
Zeussah’s anger flared, threatening, “Do not attempt to see my face again until you have delivered to me all the hearts of all the souls I have demanded from you!”
AnahNakaNoah cowered in fear and anguish before Zeussah as he slowly backed away and down the stairs of the wheeled machine, numbly making his way to his chariot.
As he prepared to step up into it, Zeussah leaned over the parapet and called out to him, “If the sun finds your work unfinished, I shall do to you all that I have sworn against you and even more.  Remember well the words I have commanded.  My patience will not last forever!”

*    *    *

A powerful hand grabbed Admiral KufiSauntooh’s arm, pulling him from the wreckage of his destroyed sky ship.  A bearded, burly man frowned at him, grunting something in a strange tongue, pointing toward a half dozen men sitting on the ground, motioning with his spear for him to go where they were.  When Kufi stumbled, the man took hold of his arm and assisted the admiral over to the others, helping him sit.  The man backed away muttering, disgruntled, and then returned to his task of digging through the rubble of the broken ship.
Kufi glanced up to see hundreds of eyes were staring at him, some filled with wrath and hatred, while others appeared to be peering at him more out of curiosity.  Then he noticed there were some with spears and axes standing about, as much to keep the crowd at a distance as to defend against any enemy attack.  The admiral noticed that still more people dug and rummaged through the wreckage in an orderly fashion as though looking for something.
Hearing a cry from one of the searchers, Kufi turned his head in time to watch him and another man pull a broken and bleeding helmsman from the rubble.  Carefully, the two men dragged the injured helmsman over to the others.  One of the men pointed, grumbled strange words, and motioned for someone to look after the fellow then went back to searching.  A man whose torn leg had been bandaged got up and hobbled over to give aid, quickly being followed by another.  A young boy soon came from the crowd and gave some rags to the men and then hurried away.
Off to the south, the river was only beginning to reach a blazing crescendo.  It would be many long hours before the flames died down, and well into the following day before they would completely fade into smoky wisps of haunting memories.  The admiral sat stunned in disbelief as he watched an endless wall of searing wrath reaching out to consume all life upon the river.  For the first time in his life, he cried.

Few of the admiral’s sky ships survived that morning’s attack.  Less than a score returned to their landing fields undamaged, while another score limped back across the river to rough landings on the marshy Megiddo plain.  These things Admiral KufiSauntooh did not yet know but, from the many black pillars of smoke drifting high into the becalmed sky, he realized his loss of sky ships must be horrific.
As the morning wore on, the admiral began to puzzle over the actions of their adversaries.  Were they being kept alive for some future celebration or sacrifice?  Possibly, but it made no sense to him that medical care was being offered to prisoners, as well as hot breads fresh-baked in oil pots fed to them, if that were the case.  Why then?  He would have to wait to find out.
There was a sudden commotion coming from the crowd, the people turning to watch someone approaching from behind.  The constant grumbling and threatening shouts faded away as a revered murmuring arose and spread among the people.  The way they parted to allow passage indicated to the admiral that it must be someone of great importance or power.  His heart began to beat faster in anxious anticipation.
Admiral Kufi’s heart suddenly jumped in pain, his soul filling with dismay, when he saw the armored witch warrior step out of the crowd and past the guards, walking directly toward him.  Fearsome she was, taller than many of the men, strong-boned and...and comely!  The woman’s head was crowned with a helmet shaped in the form of a serpent’s head, its fangs curved down and inward to protect the woman’s dark, hazel eyes.  Upon her right upper arm, Kufi noticed a tattoo of a winged dragon preparing to take flight.  In her hand she carried a feathered, double-bladed axe with an obsidian head.  Her face was stern and her eyes piercing as she looked intently at him.
The warrior witch stopped directly in front of the admiral, staring down into his face, speaking not a word.  The man dared not take his gaze away from the woman for fear of what might happen should he do so.  As Kufi sat there, his eyes fixed upon hers, he could not help but notice the woman’s profound beauty.  Well, if he was to die at someone’s hands, he could think of no more beautiful a vision to have as his life drained from him.
“You!” the woman snorted in the admiral’s tongue, pointing.  “Are you the headman of these devil ships?”
Shaken to hear someone speaking in his own language, Kufi hesitated before answering, finally nodding, “I am the chief headman over the sky ships.”
“What is your name?” the witch warrior demanded.
“I am Admiral KufiSauntooh…”
“Can you stand, Admiral KufiSauntooh?” the woman asked in a rather gruff tone.
Grimacing with pain, Kufi gradually stood.  Looking the woman in the face, he boldly asked, “And who are you?”
The woman growled, shaking her head, “You deserve no reply, but I will tell you because of the same blood you and I share, Admiral KufiSauntooh.”
Kufi gasped aloud.
Before he could make reply, the woman answered.  “I am Tuosolmerica, High Daughter Dragon of the Towers of Magog and Tubal, mother-sister of TabithaPutHam, and wife-daughter of Ausalmerica, great grandson of Put, son of Ham.  Tabitha was my blood child, your ancestress.”
Kufi blurted out, “Impossible!  That was so long ago that she lived, and you are… are…”
Tuosolmerica did not smile.  “Young and beautiful?  I am past my birth by three hundred forty-two winters and my youthfulness has not yet passed me by.  May I live long enough to bring down the evil house of Hormax and your god-king, AnahNakaNoah!”  Glowering, Tuosolmerica leaned forward until her face was less than a handbreadth from the admiral’s.  “I’ve not come here to chit-chat the day away or to butcher you as your people have done to my brothers and sisters in the Southlands!  If you are able to walk, come with me and bring along with you three or four others of your troop who can do the same.”
Kufi found four other men fit and able to accompany him and, together, they started off behind Tuosolmerica, her bodyguard of witch women following up after them.

When Noahashonie finally gathered her wits about her, she saw the thick gloom of fog was quickly dissipating, replaced by a fearsome, crimson wall of raging fire crowned in black, writhing smoke that rose ever heavenward.  The surrounding crowd stared dumbly to the south as if they, themselves, had been turned to little more than pillars of stone by the immense blast.  Gradually, as the people began to regain their senses, the camp came to life, with wild chatter and excited awe at what they were witnessing.  Eventually, this gave way to the tasks at hand and need for them to act.
What surprised Noahashonie the most as she later recalled that hour was the lack of celebration over this miraculous rescue.  No one laughed or sang in triumph.  No one called down evil upon the enemy.  The destruction was too abhorrently complete, the chaos too maddeningly intense, the sheer mayhem too immense, and the magnitude of anguish and death too profound.  Javan’s army was unable to really comprehend the meaning of it all.  Victory at this cost was nearly as crushing as would have been defeat had the enemy successfully forged the river to take the northern shore.
A great pity arose in the hearts of Javan’s people that was long remembered.  Merciful were they in future contests, merciful as was considered for those days.  Often the wounded and maimed of the enemy would be gathered up to be cared for rather than dispatched upon the field, as was common practice.  Those who surrendered were often allowed to live unmolested in walled camps far from the field of combat or were used for forced labor in construction projects, eventually being released when the conflict was resolved.

It was about the passage of one turn of an hourglass when a commotion arose in camp.  Noahashonie stepped away from tending some of her injured kindred to see what the fuss was about.  Looking down the South Pike Road, the girl watched the crowd parting to allow others through.  To her great surprise, she saw possibly three to four hundred enemy prisoners approaching on the roadway, NoahDodanim, with a guard, in the lead.
Few of the enemy were uninjured, many with ghastly burns.  Those with remaining strength carried their fellows who could not walk, but there were too few of them to man the litters alone.  So, walking among the prisoners were dozens of NoahDodanim’s soldiers, assisting the wounded.  On they came, grim and silent.  There were no victory cries or songs of jubilation, only silent observation.  Sometimes a person in the gathered crowd would hand out a bottle-skin of water, or even lend a hand to a tired and weary soul.
All eyes saw that this enemy, this terrible evil enemy bent on their destruction, was made up of boys and men who were no different than themselves, caught up in a violent vortex not of their own making, but inspired by madmen and wicked gods who cared not for flesh or soul, only power and glory.  The torments of these victims of war were merely the result of what must be done to stop those madmen from accomplishing their goals.  They were only tools of tyrants that must be destroyed to thwart the machinations of those men.
Noahashonie was moved to the point of wanting to assist the wounded.  EpiphanOida warned the girl away, taking the girl’s bottle-skin and handing it to a boy being led along with the others.  Turning his head to see the person who gave him such a soothing gift for a burning, parched throat, the boy chanced a glance upon Noahashonie.  The two locked eyes, and for some time continued to stare at one another…a fated glance that would one day have profound consequences.

(Author’s note...After witnessing the horrific destruction at the river, NoahDodanim issued orders to his officers that any enemy survivors who were willing to surrender were not to be harmed.  Few of them did resist and, other than the Anakim, most willingly surrendered up their fate to the will of Javan.  The giant men of Hiodrophideise who did manage to make the northern shore were slain with fiery arrows, being covered in the black, flammable goo.
A call also went out from Javan to not harm any of the enemy who were willing to surrender.  Thus it came about that many hundreds of soldiers and sailors from the sky ships became prisoners of war, being pressed into service as forced laborers.  Eventually, they were sent north to work on the rebuilding of Ogallala and other cities destroyed by the Hormaxian raiders.)

JuuFet dropped to the ground with a tired plop, his cousin, DooDifoo, doing the same beside him.  The two boys sat in stunned silence, still trying to understand what had recently taken place.  Half blinded by the blast, JuuFet had been gruffly taken away by some enemy soldiers and placed upon a road going north.  Although the tone of spoken threats filled his ears, along with the occasional waving of a fist in his face, he and his companions were left unharmed.
Passing the bottl- skin to DooDifoo, JuuFet could not chase away the image of those two fearsome witch women who gave him the water to drink.  The younger of the two women, someone who appeared to be even younger than he, had stared into his face with such pity and compassion as to make the boy cry just thinking about it.
Who were these devil people?  They were supposed to be the evil ones, drinking the blood of the living and eating the flesh of the slain, but here they were, these Witches of Darkness giving him water to drink.  Now he and the others were receiving time to rest in the trodden grass.
Looking across the opened field, JuuFet could see the ruins of two sky ships - one a splintered pile of wreckage, the other a crumpled mass, still smoldering.  From beside the blackened remains of the burnt sky ship, two of the enemy gathered up someone lying on the ground.  Putting his arms around their necks, they slowly assisted him over to where the other prisoners were sitting.  After easing the young man down, one of the enemy soldiers grumbled and pointed toward the bottle-skin and motioned for JuuFet and DooDifoo to assist the person just delivered there.  They quietly obeyed.
JuuFet quickly discovered that the young fellow was much worse for wear than he and his cousin.  His right leg was shattered below the knee, bones sticking through torn flesh, and his left hand was broken and crushed.  There was also a deep gash across the young man’s forehead as well as many smaller cuts and bruises on his body.  But the fellow was alive and quite coherent.
Doing what they could for the young man’s injuries, JuuFet learned that the person’s name was ‘KontinKuken’, from the southern region of the Swoherie, bordering the coast of the great Eastern Sea.  They also heard the harrowing tale of Kontin’s experiences in the sky ship, learning that he was its sole survivor.  The three commiserated over each other’s woeful exploits while pondering who these strange people were and what was to become of them.
When the heat of the day became oppressive, soldiers came and had the captives move into the shade of nearby trees.  It was about this time that some carts arrived filled with foodstuffs, water and other supplies.  Soon two medicine women were applying splints to KontinKuken’s shattered leg and bandaging it properly.  They cleaned the young man’s other wounds and stitched them up.  Looking at KontinKuken’s hand, both women somberly shook their heads, but attempted to save it best they could.  When finished, they quickly hurried off to assist other needy prisoners.
As evening arrived, the prisoners were herded back to the clearing.  Fires were set and a few blankets and furs handed out for them to share.  After eating his bread and dried meat ration, JuuFet snuggled in close to KontinKuken and DooDifoo under a woven hemp blanket.  What would the morning bring?  What was going to be done with them?  Were they only being preserved alive to be delivered up the altar of Iam, something their shamans often told them happened to prisoners?
Watching the flickering campfire, JuuFet pondered his coming fate.  Would the gods be kind to him and allow his homeward return?  Would he ever see his little sisters again?  His mother- would he ever see her again?  So much he wanted to thank her for the basket of foodstuffs she had so lovingly prepared for his departure, for the beautiful amulet he wore around his neck on a leather string, and for her tearful hugs and prayers just before he gathered with the other village men going away to join the pharaoh’s army.  As he drifted off into a fitful sleep, JuuFet dreamily found himself lying on a jute mat in front of a blazing hearth as his mother sang merry tunes while preparing a tasty meal.

Noahashonie arrived back in Javan’s camp just after Tuosolmerica delivered Admiral KufiSauntooh.  Although not understanding the language of the Southlands, the girl observed closely the actions and facial expressions of her husband and others while also listening carefully to what was spoken that she could understand.  Later EpiphanOida explained in detail what occurred.
Seeing that the admiral was limping, Javan offered to have the man sit on a log near the fire pit, Javan sitting on another log across from him.  Not being well-versed in Kufi’s language, and Kufi not acquainted at all with Javan’s, Tuosolmerica and EpiphanOida stood beside Javan and acted as interpreters.
Javan began, “As you have witnessed, I harbor no animosity against your people.  They are no different than my own kindred.  Indeed, some of your people I find are distantly related to us by way of the many marriage alliances in these middle lands.  I seek your kind no harm, but only that of the priests of Hormax and the one who seeks our destruction, your pharaoh, AnahNakaNoah.  What damage I must do is only for their ruin.”
Admiral Kufi slowly nodded, being cautious to make reply.  As he thought about Javan’s comments, the man silently pondered his own personal hatred for these people.  What harm, real or imagined, was ever done to him by them?  Why had he longed to help bring about their demise, to drive them from this land and to enslave the few survivors?
Throughout his forty years of living, the priests of Horus continually warned him about the evil hordes in the Northlands.  They told tales of woe that fell upon hapless men and women caught up in the grips of the witch men and women who inhabited the worlds of his day.  The priests also spoke about the wicked acts of Iam and his bloodthirsty cravings, and that the priests’ own human sacrifices were done to appease that evil god holding sway over the Earth.  They said that with the destruction of the Dragons, Iam would flee this world and trouble them no more, bringing such sacrifices to a finish.
When AnahNakaNoah came to power, Kufi celebrated Pharaoh’s decree to bring down the Dragon houses and put the Dragons in their land to death, and it was with relish that he took up the sword and searched out the few remaining Dragons hidden high in the mountain passes and desolate wilderness.  It was what Pharaoh wanted, the priests of Horus wanted, what he had wanted, too.  He later rejoiced when told that Pharaoh’s great army was going to invade the Northlands to make an extermination of these evil witches.  Why?
Looking up at Tuosolmerica and then over at EpiphanOida, he wondered, questioning.  These women were fearsome, but had not painted their faces with blood, nor did they carry as trophies the withered body parts of hapless victims.  And as he was being delivered from the field of his ruined sky ship to Javan, he saw no altars or sacrifice stones, which were all so common in Pharaoh’s camps.
Indeed, it was by the power of these very witches that many of his wounded and injured were being tended!  Kufi had seen no one harm any of his fellow prisoners.  Instead, the enemy fed and cared for the very persons seeking their demise.  With no hope of a reward offered, they allowed the prisoners to live - prisoners who were just poor and common folk whose families could provide no ransom.  What was this all about?  It was so confusing.
Javan pointed at Tuosolmerica.  “This woman tells me that you are an honest man, that your word is truthful and that you will do as you have promised.”
Kufi looked, bewildered, at Tuosolmerica.
“I trust to the words of this woman,” Javan added, “she being a great Daughter Dragon, ages older than I.  She tells me that you have murdered many of her fellow kindred in the Southlands, but have done so because you believed the lies of Hormax and the demons he worships.  She also tells me she will forget her wrath against you if you will do for me something that may save many lives.”
Kufi hesitated, looking down at the ground.  Was this a trap?  Was he supposed to sacrifice his men to Iam to soften his face against them?  This was a common practice forced upon the leaders of his world, especially in difficult times.  Iam was powerful, but so were the gods of Horus, the rejuvenated spirit of Hormax after his ascension into the afterlife.
Shuddering at the thought of having to commit such villainy, Kufi requested, “Tell me first, please, what it is you wish for me to do.  Then I will answer you truthfully if it is something I am willing to undertake.”
Javan leaned forward, nodding, “So it shall be...” looking south toward the towering flames.  “Soon the fires of Hell will burn down and again the river can be crossed.” He turned back to look at Kufi.  “When it is safe to do so, you are to take with you as many of your strong men as necessary to man the poles and return to the southern shore.  There you will deliver to your lord, the pharaoh, a parchment bearing my sign and filled with words written in your tongue.  You are to also tell your pharaoh that if he will remove himself and his armies, and return to his lands across the Southern Sea, Iam will not bring him and his people to destruction.”
Looking into Kufi’s very surprised face, Javan warned, shaking a finger, “Tell him that all the worlds of the Northlands are rising up against him and that there will be no place found for him and his people should he not flee back to his own house.”  Pointing toward the sky with his hand, continuing to shake an extended finger, he exclaimed, “Iam has sworn that not one sole of one foot of Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah’s army shall again step upon this northern shore, and should Pharaoh become determined to set his heart upon the destruction of Javan and his people, the very earth will vomit him out of this land.”
“Look and see!”  Javan stood, scanning the northern sky as if seeing a great host approaching.  “The armies of Iam have waked and they pant ever onward to bring down the souls of freemen and slaves, of children and old men, of maidens and women giving suck.  To the great evening meal of distress do the birds of heaven and the beasts of the wilderness come.  All of Pharaoh’s crowd who remain in this land will be consumed, their flesh being poured out as excrement upon the lands they desire to conquer.”
Turning his gaze back to Kufi, with tears in his eyes, Javan almost begged, “Enough have already died.  Please deliver this message to your pharaoh and pray that he might listen.  Cry out to Iam so that he will remember that we are all men of the same flesh, brothers of one spirit, sons of but one father.”
Kufi could not believe his ears.  Long he stared into Javan’s face, waiting to hear additional commands.  None came.  Finally Kufi asked, lost in a quandary, “What more is it that I must do?  What act of treachery or song of deceit must I carry out to satisfy your wishes?  How many of my own men must I murder to earn my escape?”
Grim-faced, Javan looked over at EpiphanOida.  The woman closed her eyes and quickly turned away.  Javan answered, “The darkness that consumes all things crawls ever nearer.  As the evening does arrive, so will this madness.  Even now it howls at the heavens with an insatiable thirst for blood.  ‘Come,’ it cries, ‘to the great evening feast!  Feed upon brave man and coward, strong and weak, foolish and wise!  Let us go to eat our fill!’”
Javan bent low, staring Kufi in the face.  “If you listen to my voice and go to your pharaoh, and he does not heed your counsel, I may have sent you and your men to your doom.  Enough have died already…too many.  What other choice do I have?  Little hope is better than none, and that is what your world of men will have if you do not attempt to convince your king to heed my words.  I do not blame you should you choose to remain here where your life and that of your soldiers will be preserved even should all the world perish.”  Javan sat back down and stared silently at the dirt.
“I will go...”  Kufi quietly answered, he also staring at the ground.

The following morning, as the sun was peeking above the eastern mountains, a small boat being poled by six volunteer soldiers pushed off from the northern shore of the Bantoowazzi River on a quest.  Standing in the bow, Admiral KufiSauntooh looked across the blackened waters as they made their way through the sluggish current.  He carried in his hand a parchment written in the tongue of his people, warning Pharaoh to leave this place.
Kufi believed Javan - believed that a dark dread was soon coming upon the land - a dread that would bring Pharaoh’s army to extinction.  He believed, but could he convince his king that such a thing was about to happen?  Well, he must try, would try to the best of his ability, try to convince the man that his army must pull back across Lake Tecatucutan to the southern shores.  Hope…hope was all he had.  A fool’s hope maybe, but it was more than no hope at all.

A half-mile back from the southern shore, Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah watched ZeussahReaboahm counting the last of the hearts he had earlier delivered.  Exhausted and distraught, he stood in silence as his son’s heart was placed last on the pile.
“One hundred and one…”  Zeussah said with a smile, plopping the boy’s heart into the heaping basket.
He looked over at AnahNakaNoah, grinning, fresh blood dripping from his fingers.  “You have done well, my son.”  Turning to face the north, Zeussah lifted his head, sniffing the breeze.  He laughed, “Now you will see the power of the gods!  Throw the bodies of the children into the river and set a blaze to roast the flesh of valiant heroes.  Bring your mighty men near to feast upon these hearts.  Then you will see my power and sure victory you will have.”
Numbly, Pharaoh bowed low.  “Your will, my Lord and God.”
Standing up and turning to an officer, he ordered that the bodies of the children sacrificed the previous night be taken to the river, not even mentioning his son.  He then gave orders to have fires kindled and that all his chief officers and mighty men gather for a feast.  After this, he slowly retreated to his chariot and made escape to his tent.

*    *    *

His face flushing crimson with rage, Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah looked up from the parchment, screaming at Admiral KufiSauntooh.  “Traitor!  Traitor!  How dare you seek me out to deliver such a travesty to me, your king!”  AnahNakaNoah launched into a threatening tirade, reddened veins bulging in his neck, shaking the parchment in the admiral’s face.  “You piece of worm filth, have you fallen to the evil speech of the Witches who worship at the altar of Iam?!  Have you bent a knee to their vile God and become their servant of darkness?  Do you expect me to believe this to be anything other than a deceitful trick to take certain victory from my grasp?!”
Kufi began to make reply.
Pharaoh slapped him hard across the face, bellowing, “Shut up, you!  If you open your mouth to speak to me again, I will cut out your evil tongue!  You are a despicable fool, deserving of death.  You have brought ostracism between you and me!  I will bring a ruination upon you and your household!”
Throwing the parchment on the floor of his tent and stomping it, he stepped forward until his ranting spittle spattered Kufi’s face.  “This is my reward for granting an Easterner power and esteem in my glorious army!  You have destroyed the beautiful machines given me by the priests of Horus, and now humiliate me in front of my loyal officers by speaking the lies of Javan and his despicable God!”  Clenching his fists in anger, he cried, “I should kill you now because of your wicked acts!”  He glanced toward the north, through the opened flaps of his tent, remembering the lateness of the hour.  Cursing under his breath, he looked back at the admiral, pointing angrily, “A quick death is not what you deserve.  It must wait until I have time to mete out justice as it should be given.”
AnahNakaNoah stepped over to the entrance of his tent, staring toward the rising smoke near his mobile battlement.  Without looking back, he indignantly fumed, demanding, “You are no officer of mine! Remove your amulets and armbands as well as your uniform and sandals.  More worthless than a naked slave you are, and so you shall be!”
Kufi dutifully obeyed, removing his apparel until naked and barefoot he stood before the pharaoh.  AnahNakaNoah then ordered two servants to pick up the crumpled parchment and tie it securely as a headpiece of shame upon Kufi’s brow.
Staring with contempt at his former commander, he ordered him to take to the South Road.  “Go back to your empty sky ship fields and wait there to receive your deserved fate.  When I return from my great victory over this enemy rabble, when I have driven this Iam back into the darkness from where he has come, when I clothe myself and my loyal officers in the skins of the Witch Dragons of the Jahouk, then I shall personally come in my triumph and deliver upon you the justice you so much deserve!”
Pointing toward the south, he commanded, “Now leave me!  I must go to the victory feast prepared for us by my god, Zeussah.  You will have no part in its glory.  Do not let your feet find any rest in my camp, or my faithful servants shall run you through and return your head to your family before they are slaughtered at the gatepost of your house.  Now be off!”
Kufi clasped opened hands in front of his face and bowed respectfully to Pharaoh before hurrying away.  He did not stop to rest on his trek south until coming to his sky-ship camp some twelve leagues away.  There he obediently remained in waiting, wondering what his final destiny would be.  Sitting on a log outside his tent, he lifted his eyes to the north, silently asking Iam to have mercy upon his people.
As the sun settled behind the hills in the western sky, the southern road gradually filled with carts and people making their way south.  Word had spread about the news Kufi had delivered to Pharaoh.  Hundreds of fathers and husbands were quietly saying goodbye to lovers and children, loading them on carts and wagons for the journey south.  Those who had no transportation were finding their way on foot.
At a crossroads, a young officer hugged his wife and then kissed his three children goodbye.  He cautioned, “Do not stop to rest this night, but stay on the road, no matter the cost.  Pray that Iam might be kind to us on the morrow so that I may see you all again.”  He turned away, fading into the darkness of evening.

*    *    *

It was just after the beginning of the night watch that a violent rumbling was felt coming from deep within the earth, its intensity growing until the entire valley shuddered from its madness.  After a bit, the shaking subsided, soon to be followed by a scorching, stiff breeze out of the west.  For hours, the dry, heated winds scoured the grassy Megiddo marshlands, stealing away all moisture until even those grasses turned crunchy brown.
It was during these early hours that Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah ordered his army to pull back from the river to gather along the East-West Pike about two miles south of the Bantoowazzi River.  Reports coming back to him by retreating soldiers were that the river was already receding.  Pharaoh excitedly rubbed his hands in anticipation of coming events described to him by ZeussahReaboahm.
After the pharaoh and his mighty men had celebrated the eating of the feast, much to the pleasure of Zeussah and his lieutenants, he was informed how the Great Zeussah was going to bring defeat upon the enemy.  First the river would be emptied of its water by means of a quake that would split the earth under it, draining its waters into the deep crevices and caverns.  Then a strong, westerly wind was to dry out the entire valley, later to be set ablaze to burn away all obstacles on the wide plain.  Finally, as the sun rose above the eastern peaks, Pharaoh was to move his chariots and cavalry, charging them across the now dry riverbed.  Without the protection of the river, Javan and his pitiable army would be unable to defeat AnahNakaNoah’s overwhelming hordes.
Zeussah also went on to say that the stars, themselves, would fight from the heavens in his behalf.  He explained that the very gods were gathering in their mighty ships to advance in front of Pharaoh’s army to rain down fire and destruction on the enemy encampment.  As his reward, Zeussah was to be worshipped throughout the entire land of Dodanim with formidable pyramids such as filled the Southlands, being constructed throughout the expanded empire to have gifts of devotion and adoration delivered up to him.
AnahNakaNoah smiled, forgetting the murder of his son and the other children.  After all, life was easy to make, created in a meaningless moment of released passion.  He would take many more wives to produce countless children for himself and to offer up to Zeussah, if demanded.  With his new authority as Pharaoh over all the western lands - and soon the entire inhabited Earth - he would find himself in no need or want for a thing.  The price demanded of him, a few hearts from time to time, what of it?  Why, he might even make himself into a god to be worshiped in similar ways to that of Zeussah!
As the breeze intensified, Pharaoh ordered his wheeled battlement be moved back behind the East-West Pike.  From there, he and Zeussah would watch events unfold.  After the morning attack, he would ride his chariot across the dry riverbed to glory and victory, to deliver the requested captives back to his god, ZeussahReaboahm.

Immediately after the rumblings at the river, Javan ordered his people back to their camps.  Later, at EpiphanOida’s and Sodasonie’s recommendation, he abandoned camps nearer the river, removing supplies and equipment from them, setting up new encampments along the lines behind the trenches.  At his new command post on the old South Pike, behind trenches there, Javan awaited the coming day, receiving information and issuing orders.
About an hour before the midnight watch, Cothath hurried into camp.  He was accompanied by two of the newly arrived older men of his people.  Upon entering the camp, he offered a greeting.  “Javan, my son...”  Then placing a hand on Javan’s shoulder, introduced him to his fellows.  “This is TaraHesbonie, chieftain over the house of the Genesee, our northernmost territories, and this is KroTonkinBSondie, head of the Council of MadaiGomerShon, our brothers to the West.  They have an urgent word for you.”
TaraHesbonie stepped forward, gesturing dramatically as he exclaimed, “The army host of the Mozerathas is beyond number, like the leaves of the trees in an oaken forest!  It fills all the lands to the east and west, a day’s walk each way and beyond.  It is hungry, having not feasted for many days!”
Stunned, Javan pondered the moment.  He never dreamed the peoples of the Mozerathas were of such magnitude…and without provisions?  What was he to do?  Extending his hands, Javan offered, “What we have in the way of foodstuffs is yours for the taking, but I fear that all the granaries in this humble land cannot feed an army the size you have delivered here to us!”
Shaking his head as he held his hands low and flat, palms down and fingers wide,  spreading his arms out, Tara explained,  “No.  No meal does the powerful army of the Mozerathas seek.  Iam will provide a feast of feasts upon the morning breeze.  Then he will give to my kindred the reward for their willing sacrifice.”  He shook his head again, cautioning, “I and my companion have come to warn your people so that they do not tempt the heroes of our wild lands.  Please take counsel so that no harm will come to you and them.”  At that, Tara and KroTonkin began to explain to Javan all the things he must do to save his army during the coming storm.  When counsel had been delivered, Javan immediately sent messengers throughout his camps with written orders to be read to all the people.
‘Be in haste to gather wood to burn your fires bright all night.  Do not linger in the forest or opened field, but in the camps you must remain close.  Be at the ready to advance with buckler and shield, with helmet and sword, and with spear and sling.  Stand your line for battle.  Sing songs to Iam that the coming victory will be yours!
‘Look and see!  Darkness enters the land, sweeps over it and consumes it, leaving only stubble in its path.  The enemy facing you this day, seeking your destruction and that of your wives and your children, will no longer threaten you after tomorrow.
‘You will drive their broken ranks away as the wind drives the chaff.  Bring down to the pit all living flesh, having no mercy for young man or virgin, for beast of burden or gallant steed!  Bring all living flesh to a finish.  All who stand your path are the purchase price paid for your souls this day, the wages given to Iam for rescuing your souls from certain destruction.’
‘Wait!  Wait upon the word of Iam!  Wait until the darkness passes you by.  Wait to see the world’s ending.  Wait upon the shout of your lords who will call you to war!  Then march forth as one body and spirit...men, women and all living creatures, to reap the harvest of the slain, for it will be great and beyond measure.’

Shortly after the heated breeze began to blow across the Megiddo plain, a tumultuous rustle arose in the trees of the forest.  Those who had lingered at gathering wood fearfully scurried back to their camps.  For hours, the leaves above the trenches were alive with a commotion of winged creatures.  There were those that believed the bats had returned, but others felt something far more ominous roosted in the limbs above.
It was about this same time that PalaHar hurried into Javan’s camp with important news.  He did not bother to seek Sodasonie’s private counsel, ignoring Javan’s, EpiphanOida’s and Noahashonie’s presence, using the common tongue of her people, permitting EpiphanOida to understand most of the discussion which she later shared with Noahashonie.
His message was urgent and dire.  “My Lady, I have just come from a moot with Lady Merimna and Lady Michael to seek your counsel and approval.  Samyaza has collected a large fleet to the south of the GaungShange Plateau, within an hour’s striking distance from here.  It is believed he intends to use them in this area, over the plains of Megiddo, against Javan’s army.  Michael awaits your permission to advance her squadrons of Tolmeck and new Coriveon DTB7 fighters to engage his forces.”
PalaHar quietly added, casting his eyes toward the ground, “Sirion demanded to go along.  I did not...could not refuse the wayward child, she putting up such a fuss.  She has been ordered to take up station in Michael’s lead squadron.  I believe she can manage one of the Coriveons.”
Sodasonie frowned, but said nothing.
“There is more…”  PalaHar continued.  “The Evil One, Asotos, is massing his army on the shores of the QwaGhong Sea, a two day hard march south of Cortney Bay.  Lady Merimna has already departed with her two divisions of heavy infantry to lend support to the Cortney Bay defenders, hoping you would not take issue with her not waiting for your permission.”
Sodasonie sighed, concerned, “It will weaken our defenses along the Northern Gate passages, but I suppose Eden is as secure as may be, what with the guardians keeping safe its doors.”
“Also,” PalaHar added, dismayed, “Lady Medeba has departed Eden with her brigade of light cavalry, boarding three troop ships.  Captain Lonche is accompanying them with the Eden Taskforce.  He will protect the transports against enemy attack until I rendezvous tomorrow with the Southern Fleet to add support.  And…”  PalaHar hesitated.
“And what?”  Sodasonie asked, wondering.  “Lonche is well qualified to stand in your stead, and the Eden Taskforce is quite formidable.  What troubles you?”
PalaHar hesitated again, finally offering, “It was reported to me that your child, Rachel, abandoned her sick bed and stowed away on a transport, joining Medeba’s cavalry.  Her escape was not discovered until long after the fleet was underway.  She made it clear to an orderly attempting to stop her that she would go it alone if anyone interfered.”
Sodasonie angrily sputtered, “She’s not fit to walk let alone ride a warhorse! Find her and bring her back!”
PalaHar shook his head.  “I cannot do that.  I tried, but the taskforce is sailing silent until it joins up with the Southern Fleet.  I will see what I can do then, but I make no promises.”
About this time, gusting winds began filling with tempestuous flames, rapidly setting the entire Megiddo plain ablaze.  All too quickly, the roaring fires became deafening.
Sodasonie shouted to PalaHar, “Take the people you need to lend support to Cortney Bay.  Tell Michael to advance upon Samyaza’s squadrons, engaging them about the ninth hour, Palace Time.  That will be about the middle of the sixth hour for us here.  Can she do that?”
PalaHar smiled affirmatively.  “Yes.  It should be quite possible.”
“Good!”  Sodasonie took hold of PalaHar’s hand, leaning close.  “Tell her that it is paramount that she strikes then, and that she takes out Samyaza’s ships or drives them away, even if it is at heavy cost to her and me.  She will know what I mean.  We must not allow Javan’s people to be subjected to such destructive powers.”
After kissing PalaHar on the cheek, Sodasonie motioned his leave.  “Go quickly.  I must remain here for a little while, but will join you in battle later if the Evil One presses the contest.  Be safe…”  She looked into his eyes, telling him of feelings that her mouth refused to speak.

The raging blaze began to eat its way north until Javan’s soldiers often found themselves busy fighting fires only feet away from the trenches.  Throughout the early morning hours it raged before dying back about the fourth hour after the beginning of the midnight watch.
It was about this time there arose a trembling silence that shook the trees of the forest.  Truth be said, no one needed to be warned to stay in camp when the ominous darkness began to move toward the smoking plain.  The scent of unchained, wild malice accompanied by an occasional muffled cry of a huntsman cast a fearful spell over the people.
By the time a predawn gray crept across this world, a deathly still had settled over Javan’s camps - so still, it was recalled by some that the sound of one’s own breathing filled the heart with tumult and foreboding.  The valley plain hung heavy with smoke from the previous night’s fires, oppressive air refusing to release it to the sky.  Hidden in that impenetrable haze, there lived a fearsome dread, chilling the flesh and making the bones tremble.
As she sat MaraMonte, Noahashonie bent low to kiss Javan.  Taking the girl’s hands, he warned, “Today you will face war in all its fury and rage! I cannot protect you if you wander, should the battle become close.  Stay near Dancing Stones.  Promise me, please…”
Noahashonie smiled, nodding reassuringly, promising she would.
“Good!  Good!”  Javan smiled back, worry showing on his face.  Javan knew that death lurked upon the field of battle.  Even an arrow drawn in innocence might quickly end a person’s life.  He frowned, “Today you become a Daughter Dragon.  You ride with kings from both Heaven and Earth.  Just as our goddess has said, today your sword will weep tears of blood.  You must show no mercy, for this is our hour of redemption!  We tolerate no rivalry against our God or against our people!”
Grim-faced, Noahashonie leaned back, placing a hand on the hilt of her sword, a gift to her from Sodasonie.  “I am a Daughter Dragon!  I am become the rage of jealously against those calling down evil on the one I love, and on her children who ride to death with us!  I will not disappoint my lord and husband.”
Javan glanced away in sadness, holding tight the girl’s hand.
“It is time,” Sodasonie quietly called out.  Uncloaked in all her armored glory of tempered, burnished gold and chrysolite, she sat her mount, a giant white-fanged cat.  Upon her glistening helm were the runic words that when translated read ‘Kue Shandii’, meaning ‘High Dragon Warlock’.  On her ornately engraved shield was a coat of arms displaying a swan surrounded by seven stars along with runes that read ‘ToloheNahosetSodasonie’, meaning ‘Silent Thunder Woman’.  Beautiful she was, the most beautiful woman Noahashonie had ever seen.  Her dazzling silver-white hair, more brilliant than her chrysolite ornamentation, flowed loose from under her helmet.  Her face was as radiant as the sun, its features, though, stern like opaque, chiseled granite.  The woman was fear-inspiring, but still Noahashonie could see in Sodasonie’s smoky gray eyes compassion and sadness…especially sadness.
Many of the Sky Children had left to join in the combat of distant battles.  At least that was what Noahashonie heard tell.  Today there were only three who rode with their leader.  Noahashonie knew the name of but one of them, Planetee.  It was told the girl by Javan that Planetee was wounded in an earlier battle and was mending within the secret chambers of Eden.  Still unable to fly one of their sky ships, she refused to stay out of the fight, deciding to join up with Sodasonie as her standard bearer.
With Javan were Dungie, his standard-bearer this day, Odethbethel, Dungie’s mother, StobattanThornbirge and his standard-bearer, representing the kings of the western lands, Cothath and his companions, SchroGarthTho, Susannah and Lumdon, from the northern kingdoms, and TarshishPhilipTiras, better known as ‘Wise King Philip’ among his people.
King Philip was ruler over the eastern lands, Atlanticia and its many districts, including lands to the north across the Eastern Sea.  He was ancient by the standards of the day, nearly as old as EpiphanOida.  Unlike his distant cousin, the man was weathered and physically weak.  He had arrived with his Atlantician army for, as he said, ‘one last battle against the darkness before I depart this world.’  Philip, too, was a Dragon, head over his order in the eastern lands.  With him rode two of the Dragons from the northern lands and his great grandson, Prince NardukeNoahTarshish, heir apparent to the Atlantician throne.
With Odethbethel riding upon Javan’s right and Dungie on his left, Noahashonie sidled up close to EpiphanOida, snuggled in between her and Sodasonie.  With them were gathered eight of the Dragons and Daughter Dragons, one being HilgaTomassie who was staying near her self-declared charge, Noahashonie.
And then there was Tuosolmerica, riding to EpiphanOida’s right.  The woman held high the Banner of Hilgiha that had flown above the battlefields during the Aphrodite Wars, still stained with the blood of Hilgiha, Aphrodite’s eldest granddaughter, who died beside EpiphanOida while carrying that same banner into battle.  It was Tuosolmerica, still a child in her teens, who gathered up the tattered, bloodied banner and charged forward with EpiphanOida in contest to take the horrid field in victory.
Together, with a few guards and some lesser chieftains, less than forty souls faded into the misty smoke to face Pharaoh’s mighty host.  Standing in the camp with his captains, NoahDodanim quietly watched as the last of Javan’s company disappeared into the gray darkness.  He believed that this day would be one of remembrance, unimagined slaughter, and outstanding victory - a victory, he believed, that his people would long celebrate.
The man pondered his own fate.  His duty was to gather the army and deliver it to the battle at the right moment, a moment decided by ‘cloudless northern winds driving the smoke ever away to the south.’  At least that was how EpiphanOida described it when they were discussing battle plans.  For now, he patiently remained waiting in Javan’s camp with his officers, listening carefully for a northern breeze.
Oh how Noah detested war, violence of any kind!  How he hated being thrust into this vortex of slaughter and death, a man ordering the murder of so many of his fellow brothers and sisters.  Noah wondered at his father’s fortitude regarding this war.  Javan was also a man of peace, teaching his sons to spare the offender and to settle accounts with the offensive man by taking the blow if that were the way to peace.  Would he, Noah, have the strength to do as his father was now doing, to rise above his personal conviction to rid the world of this great evil, no matter the cost to his own spirit?
Turning back to his chieftains, Noah ordered them to go to their camps and prepare for battle.  He reminded them, “We go upon the northern breeze when the smoke begins its retreat across the river plain.  Hold your stations until then.  The gods today fight for us.  It is their battle but…but it is our war.  We must bring it to a finish, our duty, our fate.”
After dismissing his officers, he turned his gaze back to the south, watching, waiting.

(Author’s Note: The events along the Bantoowazzi River that day affected NoahDodanim for the remainder of his life.  Although he loyally continued to serve his father as second in command over the army, as soon as opportunity afforded itself, he departed the land of Dodanim, never seeking to make a return.
Crossing the Eastern Sea on Phoenician trading ships, NoahDodanim, his sons, and their sons and families, along with a loyal following of former soldiers and their families, departed Atlanticia for distant lands, eventually settling in a small crossroads city far to the north of Egypt, some ten leagues beyond the former city of Salem, a land then ruled over by the Canaanites. In time, Noah’s city came to be known as ‘TobathisiahMegiddo’, ‘The Valley of Renewed Hope’, but before Noah’s death, the name was changed back to the former meaning, ‘The Low Plain of Decision’ because of the countless battles he witnessed in the vicinity.
Eventually changing his name to ‘TobathaShinar’ meaning ‘river of the low plain of sorrow’, Noah established a religious order of monastic scribes in the city who traveled throughout the lands, preaching pacifism and peace.  It was by the hand of his faithful followers that many of the spoken languages of the day came to take on written form, some of their lettering and writing styles used down to this day.
For the remainder of Noah’s life, he spoke not a word about the western wars, or of his kindred relationship to Dodanim, but would only preach about the need to love and care for all men.  His kingly reign continued peaceful, finally passing away at the age of one hundred ninety-two years.  Sadly, in time, the many wars of men even consumed his city, leaving it forgotten ruins.  But the name ‘Megiddo’ still haunts us down to this day, reminding us of a time long ago when angels and men stood side by side to destroy the forces of demonic evil.)

*    *    *

Michael lifted a hand to her helmet as she shouted into her headset, “Send ‘em to Hell!”  Without hesitation, the woman pulled her fighter hard to the right and down, diving toward Samyaza’s (Legion’s) unsuspecting, gathering squadrons queuing up for an attack on Javan’s army.
Within seconds, Michael’s two squadrons of Coriveon fighters and three squadrons of older Tolmecks were pouncing upon very surprised and confused enemy squadrons, tearing their formations to pieces.  Michael’s personal battle insignia in those days was that of a Tolmeck, a mythical, garish eagle with dragon’s teeth and flaming wings, its spread talons reaching forward to attack.  It was well known among the enemy, and greatly feared, the woman’s reputation preceding her.
Already, by this time during the early wars of the Children’s Empire, Michael was known for her vicious ferocity.  She and those who flew with her practiced no quarter combat, asking no reprieve and taking no prisoners.  With what appeared to be reckless abandon, she would take on the enemy, pushing her fighter beyond its physical limits.
Plunging down through the enemy formations in a deadly, twisting corkscrew, Sirion fought to keep her ship tight behind Michael’s left wing.  Suddenly she found her voice screaming into the headset when a blaze of blinding orange enveloped her.  As quickly as the firestorm erupted, it was gone, the flaming debris field shrinking in the fighter’s mirrors.  “Kill one!”  Michael shouted, before calling out to Sirion, “You all right back there?”
“I wet myself!”  Sirion cried.  “You scare me sometimes...”
“Should ‘a stayed home if this is too hot for you!”  Michael chided back on her headset.  “Now crack the wheel and meet me on the other side.  It’s your turn this time.  Straight into him with everything blazing, got it?  Take the chance with the fireball.  It’s safer that way.  I’ll pin him down.  You take him out.”
Sirion acknowledged.  In seconds, she was lining up the target in her sites.  Michael had boxed the enemy fighter into a rolling fall, to avoid her heavy guns.  Sirion dropped straight down the slot, cracking, or splitting the wheel.  In a heartbeat, she was blasting through another crimson fireball, the enemy ship ripped to pieces from her own ship’s heavy guns.
Twice more in as many minutes, Sirion watched enemy fighters blasted to pieces in front of her.  “They put unarmored fuel tanks in front of the magazines,” Michael later told Sirion regarding the enemy’s new Endikos I fighter.  “If you set off their ordnance, they’ll go up like a supernova, being blown to bits.”
The battle ended quickly.  By the time it was over, twenty-three of Legion’s fighters were flaming wrecks.  The remainder quickly fled, being pursued for a time by two squadrons of Tolmeck fighters.  Having been taken by surprise, the enemy had managed little effective resistance, damaging only four ships from Michael’s squadrons.
Michael ordered the three remaining squadrons to put it down on the deck as they headed for the Bantoowazzi River plain.  “Go in full and bright, no cloaking.  Loud, low, and slow, stir up the dust and kick the wind.  I want ‘em to have a good look at us!”
Coming in from the south, just above the waters of Lake Tecatucutan, Michael’s three squadrons of thirty-eight fighters blasted north, their afterburners floundering dozens of the smaller ships harbored at Pachakanuunah.  Throttling down on their back-drafters, the fighters laid out dozens of angry, black streaks as they roared toward the north.  Cutting through the air at about seventy leagues an hour, the fighter group had cleared the lake and disappeared into the smoky clouds on the Megiddo plains in less than twenty minutes.
Thousands of voices were heard cheering, hands waving, shouts of joy and victory filling the air as Michael’s war machines cleared the hills and thundered over Pharaoh’s army at little more than one hundred cubits above the ground.  There was one person, though, who was not smiling, uttering angry curses when he saw the Tolmeck painted on the fuselage of a Coriveon fighter.

(Author’s note: Hell… Though the word has come to mean many things to many people, its original pronunciation was ‘CeaKosHelloZStasis’, literally meaning ‘Worlds of the Black Darth’.  It was a very old name, delivered to the children of Earth by the Sky Children who fought beside them during the dark wars against Legion...Samyaza.  It was a name laid upon inhospitable star systems in the Trizentine, lands so dreary and forlorn, they had been avoided by Lowenah’s children since their discovery.
After Legion’s successful invasion of MueoPoros, he attempted to follow up his victories by hunting down and destroying the retreating inhabitants of Memphis who were members of the order of the Seraphim, sworn enemies of Asotos and his rebellious allies.  After tracking them into the mountains of the Jahouk, Legion’s army was driven back after advancing to the gates of EpipHaneia.  The majority of his soldiers who entered the mountain pass of Korteniaz lost their minds.  Legion was eventually forced to drive these dangerous degenerates away from his other people.
In time, these deranged souls and other men and women who gradually succumbed to similar madness settled in the CeaKosHelloZStasis.  Eventually, they acquired the name ‘Stasis’, reflecting the star systems settled by them.  As dismal as these worlds had been, when inhabited by Legion’s madmen, they became lands of astonishment, abhorrent places.
By the time of the Aphrodite Wars - wars in which humans and Sky Children fought side by side in combat - the Sky Children were heard using the shortened term ‘Hell’ as a curse against their enemies, the full meaning, ‘be off to the land of the damned.’  The children of Earth soon picked up the term.
Over the ages, the word…and its countless adaptations…has come to have many meanings.  Still, generally speaking, ‘sending someone to Hell’ is associated with the concept of casting the person to a hopeless condition in a dammed world.)

Noahashonie nervously sat MaraMonte, staring forward into the impenetrable gloom.  She did not fear for her own life as she waited the moment.  Few of that young age can see such personal destruction, that is, until death comes whistling close to the door.  True, the girl had witnessed many deaths over the preceding days, even NudaFondae and OriththeaStar, both young women, OriththeaStar little older than herself.  Still, death had not yet hit home for her…not yet.  The girl’s nervousness must be attributed to her anticipation of the moment and what the near future was to bring.
And this truly was a moment for anticipation!  For Noahashonie, this would be the first time in her short life that she would stand on the very bulwark of the world’s ending to not only witness the battle around her, but to bring it.  She was part of the thunder that was to deliver the approaching storm of destruction upon yonder enemy.  By the very words of the leader over the Sky Children, Sodasonie, she was to reach out for the first time and strike the enemy a mortal blow with her own hand.
Only after riding into the gloom of misty smoke did Noahashonie begin to understand just how great the coming slaughter was going to be.  In her wildest dreams, she never comprehended the power and might of the Mozerathas and their kindred.  Oh yes, stories had been told by the aged men sitting around the hearth fires about the fear-inspiring allies of her people that protected those wild lands from invaders.  That alliance, the old men said, permitted even little children to wander the deep, shaded forests and hidden valleys alone and unmolested, even as she did in the days before her weaning.  But to see that army gathered together from the four corners of the earth into one place overwhelmed the child’s mind.
Here, hiding in the gloom, were thousands of Noahashonie’s people, from woman-child to old man.  Anyone able to gather his or her strength to battle was assembled here.  The girl was confident that her mother and father and siblings were somewhere to be found in this darkness, waiting for a signal to advance.  They…her people, the Mozerathas…kept in check the coming storm, the great and powerful kindred who were gathered with them.  Together they made up an unstoppable, immeasurable army that, once released, would bring a ruin to any and all foes opposing them.
Glancing to the left, Noahashonie noticed EpiphanOida rubbing her belly, growing discomfort showing on a pallid face.  Whatever the sickness, the woman had troubled the girl greatly.  The previous evening, she had been awakened by the woman’s moans and then later when EpiphanOida vomited up that night’s dinner.  So much the child wanted to reach out and comfort her mentor and Dragon sister, but it would not do, not now while they stood upon the edge of the world’s doom.
Then she heard it, a distant rumbling far off to the south.  In only seconds, the rumbling was heart-pounding, ripping through the heavens with its frightening roar.  Before the girl could contemplate the moment, the roaring became a deafening scream, filling the girl with terror.  And then came the tempest...confused, angry winds that struck from every direction at the same time, carrying stinging particles of dirt and grit up in swirling, fitful whirlwinds.
In less than a breath, the screams of the terrifying sky ships were fading off into the distant north.  Wondering at not having heard the thunderous explosions of enemy missiles or seeing flashes of blinding lightning, the frightened girl looked for reassurance from Sodasonie who was quietly sitting the giant cat, expressionless, while the sky ships approached.  Then she cocked her head as though listening with intent.  As the sky ships’ horses roared nearing defiance, a tiny smile cracked her lips, growing across her face along with intense fearsomeness of the approaching machines.  After the deafening noise of the many ships’ horses faded into the distance, she broke into a stoic grin.  Looking over into Noahashonie’s terrified eyes, Sodasonie wryly commented, “Hell comes to all those who wait…”
Suddenly, Noahashonie heard tumultuous cries from multitudes of winged beasts, the voice of the crow and vulture, the hawk and the raven, all mixing in one maddening crescendo.  The sky ships must have waked the animals that roosted in the northern forest the previous night, a countless multitude of flying creatures rising into the sky to greet the morning sun.
Sodasonie looked to the left toward Javan.  Javan nodded, closing his eyes as if in answer.  Sodasonie turned her attention back to Noahashonie, gripping the hilt of her sword.  “It is time.  We shall not be the ones waiting!”

*    *    *

A young officer stood in front of his company of light infantry.  This was his first command as well as his first real combat.  True, he and his men were witnesses of earlier fighting, and had labored hard for several days to deliver wood and heavy canvas to the river’s shore for the building of many boats for an invasion.  But his company was not involved in any of the struggle to take the northern shore or to recapture the fords, even being far from the river when it exploded in rage and fire.  It was different now, though.  He knew they would see combat this day.
Reports were that the river dried up during the night fires and now a way was opened for the army to quickly move upon the cowardly enemy hiding in their trenches beyond the dry riverbed - that was if the enemy currently occupied any part of their defenses.  It was whispered among the soldiers that the great wind and blazing fields sent the enemy fleeing north in disarray.  Now mighty Pharaoh’s countless war chariots and heavy cavalry would chase them down and bring these sniveling cowards to a well-deserved finish!
For his company’s part, like hundreds of other companies of foot soldiers, it would have little to do other than follow in behind the cavalry to hunt down and dispatch those few of the enemy skulking in their hidey-holes.  Then he and his men would take up a long march north, through the rich farmlands of these wretched people, destroying all opposition while satisfying hungry bellies with spoils from fat granaries.  Soon the wealth of the northern lands, cities and estates that had become wickedly luxuriant from countless years of peace would fall into the hands of Pharaoh’s conquering armies.  The young officer smiled, envisioning the golden trinkets and baubles he would give to his beautiful wife upon his victorious return.
True, reports delivered upon the lips of the men returned from captivity across the river at first disturbed the young officer.  But since their lord-god, ZeussahReaboahm, delivered his sky ships, sending them into the smoky mist to dispatch the enemy, the young man felt his worries had been unfounded.  He began to regret that his wife and children were long departed to the south.  How much would he have enjoyed celebrating this victorious day with them like many of his fellow officers whose families waited back at the camps for their returning.
Dressed in the finest of burnished armor and proudly holding his commander’s sword, the young officer pondered why there were no thunderous explosions heard from across the river.  Maybe his company was too far from the enemy to hear the destructive blasts.  After all, they were stationed nearly a league south of the river, and the enemy was some distance back on the other side, making it nearly a league and a half’s distance from there.  Maybe the heavy, smoky clouds prevented the sounds from reaching them.  Still, they should have seen or heard something.
Finally the young officer saw it, breathing a sigh of relief…ominous, black clouds billowing above and beyond the smoldering, gray mist.  As a smile began to creep across his lips, he felt the slightest of breezes upon his face.  Warm and moist it was, and musky-strong like that of a horse corral.  It quietly drifted down from the north, going unnoticed by most of the soldiers.  The officer frowned as an uneasy chill ran down his back.  Something felt out of place, queer, one might say.
He studied again the writhing, black clouds slowly filling the skies behind the gray mist.  They stretched far beyond the path of the sky ships, far to the east and west, until they disappeared from the man’s sight.  What kind of darkness was this really, roiling smoke of a thousand blazes across the enemy entrenchments?  If not, what then?  Carefully, he searched the sky, squinting as he peered into the expanding blackness.
Suddenly the young officer let out a silent gasp, his eyes bulging in surprise and terror.  These were not clouds of angry smoke!  No!  No, not at all!  These overwhelming masses filling the sky to the blotting out of the sun were birds!  Were all the birds of Heaven and Earth to be gathered in one place, could they be such a flying army?  Forgetting all the treasures and spoils awaiting their conquest, the young man began trembling in fear as the words of the sky ship admiral echoed in his ears.  ‘To the great evening meal of distress do the birds of Heaven and the beasts of the wilderness come…’

Black clouds were just beginning to appear above the smoky mist when Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah spied riders rising out of the gloom like apparitions in a haunted land.  He put the glass to his eye for a better look at these emerging ghosts of morning.  The eyepiece, given him by ZambbalbaNubie when his army began its journey north in conquest, made distant objects appear much closer.
Sweeping the device back and forth, he smiled, puzzled, calling out to his headmen and officers, “So few!  So few!  I see but two score in double column.  Strange!  So strange, unless they’re coming to parley for surrender.”  He laughed.
Zeussah had been busy, quietly conferring with his lieutenants when he heard the pharaoh’s comments.  He glanced up just as the sun rose above the smoke, casting its glory down upon the enemy warriors on the tortured Megiddo fields.  Angrily, he cursed in a language strange to the ears of AnahNakaNoah and his men.
Troubled at hearing his god’s upset, Pharaoh lifted his glass again to see what the fuss was all about.  At first, his attention was drawn to the many styles of garments worn in the party.  From farmers’ rags to gilded gold, they were dressed, with fluttering banners from many, strange lands.  Then the man gasped, nearly dropping his eyepiece.  “What beasts!” he cried.  “What are the devils upon which they ride?”  Never before had this man seen the giant, toothed cats of the northern lands, tall as a man at the shoulder and over twice in length as a person tall.  Who were these people that dared to appear before his immense army?  Why so fearless?
Zeussah asked no questions, knowing full well who faced them on the blackened plain.  He lifted his own eyepiece, searching out the rider dressed in golden armor and riding the giant, white cat.  Swearing again in frustrated contempt, he threw the eyepiece down, shattering it on the battlement’s copper deck plates.  White-faced, in a rage, he shook his fist in the riders’ direction, unleashing vile curses.
Out on the distant fields, the company suddenly stopped, waiting for the dark, rising clouds hurrying southward to catch up.  The moment the black, heaving masses of flying beasts covered the sun and began to cast a sickly pall across the land, four riders rode forward until they were little more than bow-shot distance from Pharaoh’s lead charioteers.  There they reined in their mounts, staring silently at the opposing army that stretched off to the east and west for several miles.  Finally, the rider dressed in golden armor, sitting the white-toothed cat, moved out in front of the others.
Sodasonie felt Samyaza’s seething rage.  In the language of the Ancients, she cried out words only for his ears to understand that, when translated into the common tongue, taunted, “Come, little boy…  Let me teach you a thing or two...”  At that, she lifted her sword from its scabbard and held it high.  Instantly, fires like lightning flashed from the blade into the heavens, filling them from one end to the other.  No thunder could be heard, but the flying beasts took to making most dreadful screeching cries and the ground began to shake as if in fear of the coming wrath.
When the lightning eased, another woman moved her great cat forward and a younger woman riding a huge warhorse rode at her side.  Both drawing their swords and pointing them toward Pharaoh’s battlement, they cried out to the heavens, “Karkow KarCongsee Tobie Tobie Congkicee FoeBontee!”
Sodasonie lowered her sword, pointing it toward a very frightened commander in the lead chariot facing them, calling out in a voice both unearthly and filled with venom, but understood by all hearing, “Shall your gods save you now?  See them flee the Dragons’ wrath!”
At that very moment, Zeussah, quickly followed by his lieutenants, was making haste to exit Pharaoh’s mobile battlement.  As he passed by a very surprised and distraught AnahNakaNoah, he hurriedly placed a hand on the man’s shoulder, warning, “Beware the Silent Thunder!”  Dismayed and bewildered, Pharaoh looked on, forlorn, as Zeussah and his officers mounted their chariots in the darkening gloom and whipped the horses in a maddening dash for the South Pike.
Sodasonie lowered her sword.  EpiphanOida and Noahashonie did the same.  They then turned their mounts about and galloped away to return to the troop.
Javan, alone, remained before the gathered hordes of AnahNakaNoah’s army.  He sat his mount, motionless, while the heavens darkened with increasing numbers of birds and flying beasts, for now, in the growing gloom, the bats had returned.  Standing in the gray, crimson darkness, he waited upon the moment when a wearisome dread would begin to overtake the soul and whither the spirit.  Then, as silent lightning flashed from the smoky clouds, casting an eerie light across the ghostly expanse, Javan sat erect in his saddle, lifting a hand toward the heavens.
In a voice trumpeting like the power of a dozen rams’ horns, he called out to the army opposing him, crying out in the common tongue of the southern lands, “Brothers!  Listen and live!  Abandon your lines and flee the coming wrath of the Great Spirit you have dared to despise!  The storm of Iam, I cannot hold back any longer!  Flee while you may!  Take to flight as your gods have already done and live!”
Some men could be heard wailing in fright while others wavered at the reins in their chariots, quailing fearfully.  Commanding officers looked over their shoulders to see that only their pharaoh and his servants were still standing the parapets.  They searched in vain for their prince of gods, but he was not to be seen.  They then looked to their leader and pharaoh, AnahNakaNoah, for direction.  What were they to do?
Pharaoh stood upon the parapet of his mobile fortress, frozen in terror, unable to decide the moment.  Uncertainty and doubt that filled his heart when Zeussah abandoned him was becoming paralyzing, morbid fear.
“Why do you shrink back in timidity?!”  A voice filled with derision fell upon Pharaoh’s ears.  ZaphipheRa, chief priest of Horus over the peoples of the army glared into AnahNakaNoah’s panic-stricken face.  His words were polite, but his tone condescending and demeaning.  “So why does the noble Pharaoh, Child of the Sun, fill his head with dread when he stands upon this great hour?  Look, with you today is the vast army given to you by the power of our god, Horus, and does not the entire nation of his priests rally beside you?!”
He waved his arm toward the north.  “Smoke and tricks…tricks of a weak and impotent god!  Birds!  What of the birds, the crow and the raven!  Are they not the very beasts that steal the grain from your fields and then mock you from safe hiding places?  Fear them not!  Cowards!  The smoke and tricks of cowards!  Will you allow yourself to fall to the wiles of such lowly degenerates?”  With that, ZaphipheRa lifted his magic torch, its top exploding in a blinding blaze, chasing away the darkness from Pharaoh’s battlement.  Instantly, many hundreds of blazes erupted within the ranks of the army, the priests of Horus lifting them high as they began to sing courageous songs of praise and triumph to their gods and lords.
AnahNakaNoah stood erect again, his bold demeanor returning.  So, the darkness was not so powerful after all!  With him was the glory of the sun, held hostage by the very priests rendering him support.  What other wonderful powers must they possess?  And his army, too, was wonderfully powerful and filled with mighty men, five thousand chariots with ten thousand cavalry, supported by one hundred thousand bowmen and infantry!  Who could call into question Pharaoh’s might and yet live?
Stirring up the emotions of the army for war, the priests of Horus danced and chanted wildly in front the soldiers.  Several stepped out before Javan, shouting loud obscenities while making lewd gestures in taunt.  Soon the entire army of AnahNakaNoah took to calling down evil and shouting out derisive oaths against the children of Dodanim and the God they worshipped.
Javan’s head sank in sadness.  He turned KiiCue about and slowly made his way back to the others.  There, Javan and those with him patiently waited until the ear-numbing incantations of Pharaoh’s priests and joyous shouts of defiance from Pharaoh’s army waned and quieted.  It took time for the energy to drain from boastful mouths and for the field to be bereft of the temporary effects of Hormax’ magicians.
AnahNakaNoah failed to take advantage of this glorious moment in time when his army was fired up with brave indignation.  Instead, he merely stood the ramparts, joining in with the songs and antics of the priests with his own little cries for vengeance while shaking his fists toward the heavens.  Still filled with uncertainty, and too much the coward to lead his proud army, he neither could give the order to attack nor surrender it to retreat.
Without those orders, the army soon extinguished its energy of newfound bravery.  Although the torches of the priests still blazed in all their glory, the birds and beasts above did not falter.  Indeed, it appeared to many that the creatures were slowly sinking from the sky until many flitted just out of arrow-shot above the army.  Soon, other than the muffled chanting of the priests who were gathering in front of the massive military throng, and the crying of countless birds, a forlorn silence had again cast its gloom over the soldiers.
A brave young officer, who only moments before stood excitedly exuberant in front of his enthusiastic men, began to feel a cold dread of uncertainty crawling up his back.  Morbid fear of useless death rapidly strangled his newfound courage.  Deep in his heart, the man yearned for the power to have been brave enough to steal himself away toward the south like a few other cowardly soldiers had done the night before.
“Wisdom is not always to stand and fight, my son,” his grandfather once told him.  “Valor may at times be what appears the coward’s way out.”  Maybe he should have taken to flight.  No.  No, not this day, not to save his own skin.  That was something he could not do.  If he took to flight, it would be for the safety of his soldiers, his charges, not for his selfish desire to live beyond this day.  His dread of the coming morning had at least saved his family by putting them on the road south to make escape.  Now he would save his men if it cost him his pride and good name, even his life.  He was their father.  They trusted him, fought for him, believed in him.  How could he live with himself, if he did live, leading these willing innocents into useless slaughter?
No longer was the young officer thinking about serving to the glory of his pharaoh, but to the preservation of his people, his children.  They came first and he would not squander their lives needlessly.  Silently he stood there, awaiting the Fates.  The direction he would take would be found upon the breeze and in his heart, not in blind obedience to a human god who tore beating hearts out of children for personal glory.
Eventually, even the priests quieted their riotous ranting.  They were now gathered in front of Pharaoh’s long battle line.  From small to great, they stood there, young apprentice to aged sage.  The entire strength of Hormax faced its adversary, waiting Pharaoh’s order to attack.  That order never came, AnahNakaNoah being too timid to give it.  In fear and trepidation, he stared out upon the dreadful darkness.  More he was thinking of his personal escape than pressing an attack upon such an intimidating foe.

Javan cast his eyes across the field toward the enemy.  The front line of chariots was over a league from end to end, and rows of cavalry stretched outward from there for half a league on either side.  There was another row behind the first the same as the one in front.  Behind them, disappearing into the gloom, was rank upon rank of foot soldiers and bowmen.  Impressive and awe-inspiring it was.  Javan had never seen so many people together in one place at one time.  Compared to all the other wars he witnessed or studied, this was by far the grandest army that had ever been.
Yet Javan did not find the opposing army fear-inspiring.  No indeed, he felt deep pity for the men in the ranks, knowing that soon the majority would be little more than manure upon a desolate field.  Husbands, fathers, brothers, and lovers…he could see them all in his mind as such, people who only wanted to tend to a pleasant, quiet life for the few years granted them to live on this planet.  He sighed with lament while lifting his arm, then looked over at Sodasonie.
Sodasonie silently nodded, lifting a hand to her helm, waiting.
The power of the universe rested in Javan’s raised hand.  ‘I am Death, the destroyer of worlds and the bringer of darkness!’  These words he recalled were inscribed upon an ancient stone in New MusolEgypt.  At the time he read them, as a young man traveling with his forebear’s uncle, Shem, it was difficult to understand the reason for such a boastful inscription.  Now he did not consider the statement boastful, rather full of remorse.
“Woe to you who must choose the fated destiny of others.  Forever shall their ghostly spirits haunt thee.”  Javan uttered the curse under his breath.  At that, he lowered his hand to his side.
Sodasonie quietly spoke into her helmet, “It is time.”
Above the blistered Megiddo plain, three squadrons of fighters silently hovered in the smoky mist.  Michael’s ships, stealthily having returned to the clouds after the flyover of Pharaoh’s assemblage of troops, prepared to deliver upon the enemy their own brand of magic.

From a slight rise above the broad plain, the young officer could clearly see the smoky mist and few brave soldiers daring to stand, facing Pharaoh’s mighty army.  Suddenly the clouds began to tempestuously swirl, their color turning from dull, shadowy gray to a reddish-yellow glow.  Lightning bolts flashed violently, striking the opened ground between the two opposing forces, or shooting high into the sky, out of sight, above the throngs of flying beasts.
Javan’s company drew their weapons and began to advance, lightning dancing on the tops of their raised swords, axes, and banners as they increased their pace.  At that instant, the young officer felt a strange and troubling rumble in his feet that raced up his legs, filling his body with dread.  As the shaking increased, the tumultuous fire-cloud began to move forward, gradually lifting as it did.
“Out and to the left!” the officer shouted to his astonished, terrified troop.  “Out and to the left!” he nearly screamed this time, seeing his men were transfixed by what was happening.  Finally his company was forward of the long line of other companies.  “Double march by files of four!” he shouted again, motioning toward the west.  This time his men quickly obeyed.
“Triple march!  Spears up!  Shields high!” the officer screamed as the heated north winds attempted to steal his words away, urging his men along faster.
There was an opening in the ranks of infantry a hundred furlongs to the west of his company’s position.  That opening was the parade route taken by the soldiers this morning when they marched from their camps to these fields.  It had remained opened for couriers and supply wagons should the need arise.  Nearing the opening, being unquestioned by superiors was a cause for relief.  As he had hoped, his company’s orderly movements were paid little heed, considering how absorbed the army was at the moment with greater concerns.
Reaching the parade route, the officer ordered his men to move to the high ground as they continued their triple march.  This high ground was nearly half a league south of where they currently were.  Triple march was too slow to suit the young man’s desires, but he dared go no faster until his men were far beyond the rear guard of the army and any questioning eyes.  When he felt it safe to do so, he ordered his men to run in formation toward the high ground, gradually turning them in the direction of the South Pike.
Eventually handing lead command over to his second officer, the young officer stopped and, waving his arms exuberantly, urged his men to hurry off toward the South Pike.  As the noisy tumult grew around them, he cried out, “Do not look back!  Eyes ever forward!  On your mark, ever forward, in formation keep running!”
Two men broke away from the young officer’s company, throwing aside their weapons as they hurriedly made for the distant camp.  The officer did not try to stop them, only feeling pity.  Understanding the impending doom, these men were desperately attempting to reach their families in time to rescue them.  ‘Too late!’ the officer feared.  He breathed a troubled sigh of relief, thinking about how fortuitous his decision was to send his own family away on the evening breeze.
Suddenly there arose a collective gasp from countless thousands of terrified mouths.  Unable to contain his curiosity, the young officer stopped and looked back.  The sight that flooded his eyes was so overwhelming that the man was as if frozen in death, struck dumb with heart-stopping wonder.  ‘This cannot be!  Impossible!  Impossible!’  Gathering his wits about him again, he screamed at his men, “Cast away your shields and spears!  Run!  Run toward the light of day!  Toward the south!  With your brother, stay in formation!  Run!”
Reaching the shallow crest of the hillocks, the young officer could see the outline of the South Pike winding off into the distance.  “Hurry!” he shouted.  “For your lives, hurry!”  Waiting for his men to pass so that he could collect up the rear, hoping to prevent leaving any of his soldiers behind, he glanced back to see to his surprise two more companies of infantry following up close.  Together, the three companies quickly crossed over the rise toward the pike, the growing nightmare gradually disappearing as they made their way into the shallow valley beyond.

Javan’s troop was breaking into a charging gallop when the roiling clouds racing up from behind began to lift, revealing the raging destruction enveloping the plain.  Javan lifted his axe high and screamed into the wind, “I am Death, the Destroyer of worlds and bringer of destruction!”
It is doubtful that the enemy heard Javan but, even if they had, it would have made little difference.  For the first time, they began to understand their true peril.  All the might of Pharaoh’s army paled into nothingness in comparison to the power and glory of the kings of the North.  This truly was the world’s ending…Pharaoh’s world!
Roiling out of the rising smoke like a mountainous avalanche of living flesh, stretching from horizon to horizon, charged the army of the North – giant, toothed cats, enormous mountain cave-bears, great gray wolves, horned wild oxen, antlered moose, elk and range dear along with countless other beasts, great and small.  But most terrifying of all were the mammoth, hairy monsters with snouts of extreme length and long, curved tusks.  Mixed about in this most wondrous of battle charges were thousands of mounted camels and horses - the cavalry of the Mozerathas and Westerners - as well as the countless Mozerathas wielding spears, stones, and fetching darts, sitting astride the backs of these wild beasts, or riding high in towers fixed atop the backs of the giant, tusked animals.
The terror-stricken army of Pharaoh could do little more that stare in disbelief, seeing their vast enemy host stampeding toward them…an immeasurable, unstoppable foe that shook the ground like an ending of days’ earthquake, while all the fearsome, winged creatures of the heavens descended like an angry storm.  Screeching of horned eagles and cries of ravens, combined with the deafening roar of hungry, howling beasts, froze the blood and chilled the bones of Pharaoh’s people.
Standing speechless in front of AnahNakaNoah’s army were hundreds of priests of Horus, staring dumbly at the nearing horde, unable to fully comprehend their coming demise.  Chariot horses reared in maddening fear, tearing at their harnesses while seeking escape from the approaching terror.  In moments, the leading ranks of chariots were tangled and smashed in a crushing melee of frantic animals and men attempting to flee the destructive onslaught.
In seconds, the unstoppable flood of Javan’s army swept over the priests of Horus, frothing waves of ruination consuming them in an instant, surging over the broken ranks of horses and charioteers, consigning them to their dark abyss.  It was an all-consuming tidal surge of death, rolling over any living flesh that barred its path, pitilessly destroying all life in its wake.
After the terrible, black wave broke over the tangled chariots and heaps of thrashing horses and men, and the mammoth, tusked beasts with fighting battlements had charged through the shattered ruins of splintered wood and mangled flesh, the pharaoh’s infantry could see their doom rapidly approaching.  Terrified soldiers broke rank in wild panic, throwing down shields and spears to make escape, piling headlong into line upon line of tightly packed infantry behind them who also saw the danger they were in.
In a mad rush to escape, thousands more horrified soldiers, clawing and fighting their way over and through the mayhem, went tripping and falling over one another until there were piles and heaps of helplessly trapped men being trampled and crushed.  Their attempts to get away safe were all to no avail, for the armies of Mozerathas animals were to be counted in the millions.  Like the endless, howling sea, they swept ever forward, overwhelming everything in their path.
“Enough!”  Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah screamed, clutching his head in morbid fright.  Without another word, he darted down the steps of his mobile battlement and jumped up into his chariot, shoving his driver out of the way, grabbing hold the reins and whipping the horses into a frantic run.  As the raging storm consumed his army behind him, he made haste down the South Pike, seeking the refuge of the southern lands.  He did not rest from his flight until he stood upon the deck of a ship catching the northern wind in its sails, pulling away from Pachakanuunah.

Michael’s fighters now swept into action.  Shooting from the cover of the rapidly moving clouds, the sky ships sent lightning bolts down upon the enemy.  ‘And fire went crashing down upon the people, sending consuming flames racing among them.  Those who did not die directly from the scorching blaze were overtaken by heated smoke that burned the lungs while turning one’s skin a charred white, it flaking and peeling off the flesh and bone in huge pieces,’ as was later told by an aged veteran who witnessed that battle.
Throughout the day, these attacks continued, breaking up any resistance against Javan’s army.  Samyaza did not attempt to interfere at all during this time, although he did have enough fighters in reserve to have made it hot for the opposition.  Instead, Samyaza was making good his escape aboard his own sky ship, retaining all fighter support for his protection.

The charge moved forward with fierce abandon, Noahashonie finding herself swept along by it more than leading it.  The beastly hordes of the Mozerathas had broken the ranks of Pharaoh’s army like a swirling tempest in a field of dried stubble, chasing down fleeing remnants across treeless fields to the south and beyond.  Only the fleetest of foot were making escape, but for how long?
Noahashonie found little enemy resistance as she and MaraMonte struggled forward in the swirling mass of beasts and men.  Occasionally, a small group of soldiers would turn to oppose the foe, a company might try to hold a little knoll, but the fight would be short-lived and futile.  If the animals did not dispatch the enemy quickly enough, then arrows and stones of the mounted warriors would finish them off.  Together, the armies of beasts and men worked to bring down the pharaoh’s invading host.
This animal and human alliance was profound and nearly incomprehensible to the girl.  Stories she had been told, but never did she dream that this alliance could be so powerful that the ravaging beasts could even make a distinction between friend and foe.  Yet here, on this field, many times she witnessed that when a soldier of Javan should fall from a mount or be felled by an enemy bolt, the Mozerathas’ kindred would not molest that person, alive or dead.  More was the danger, the girl realized, of being accidentally trampled, and not by a wild beast but by a fellow rider.
Throughout the long day, Noahashonie watched this wondrous separation the beasts of the Mozerathas would make between friend and foe.  This was something the girl would long remember, and eventually learn how to use in the future wars she waged against the Hormaxian lords.  After all, wasn’t she, too, a full-blooded Mozerathas, with the same heart and soul of the aged sages of her kind?  And wasn’t she also a Daughter Dragon whose fate was to that of future greatness?  Still, she knew there would be much for her to learn and experience before attaining that greatness.  One of those lessons was soon to be taught.
Passing over the treeless rise and charging down the other side, Noahashonie’s company soon arrived at the camps of Pharaoh’s soldiers.  Women and children were running about in mindless panic, mothers screaming for their children or little ones screeching for their mothers.  The ravenous beasts showed no more mercy for them than they had for the gallant soldiers on the battlefield.  From baby to nursing mother, they were trampled and torn asunder.  With claw and fang, the beasts brought ruination until all flesh of humans and domestic animals lay scattered and despoiled.
In the heat of battle, Noahashonie came upon a little male child of possibly three summers.  The girl stopped MaraMonte and, with sword drawn, looked down with pity upon the boy.  What was she to do?  Sodasonie said that she was to destroy all flesh, for it was to be a day of sacrifice.  Noahashonie’s sword was to weep tears of blood, but could it really mean that she was to kill such an innocent as this little child?
While pondering what to do, she heard an angry howl as a gray blur streaked by her.  In a heartbeat, a huge mountain wolf swooped the boy up in its jaws, shaking it wildly.  In seconds, several more wolves were ripping the screaming child to pieces.  Horrified, Noahashonie watched helplessly as the wolves tore the boy apart and gulped him down in famished hunger.
“I hope you have learned your lesson!” a disgruntled, chiding voice called out to Noahashonie from behind.
Looking around, startled, Sodasonie was angrily eyeing her.  The woman’s words were harsh and stinging.  Never would the girl forget them.  “Iam gave you opportunity to show mercy but, in your foolishness, you believed it better to determine what mercy was and rejected my counsel!  Sometimes death is more merciful than life.  You have shown no mercy this day.  Do not do this again!  Learn real mercy!”  Sodasonie turned her mount away and galloped off toward the sound of battle.
Noahashonie sat there, dumbstruck, the wisdom of Sodasonie’s rebuke slowly sinking in.  Gradually the girl was beginning to understand what was meant by ‘your sword shall weep tears of blood.’  Later this day, the girl would again find herself in a similar situation, but this time she would carry through on what was demanded of her.  Her tears would flow in rivers, thinking about the beseeching, pregnant mother she slew.  But in that case, the beasts only had a dead carcass to rip up and feast upon.
Many would be the men, women and children this Daughter Dragon of the Mozerathas would bring down to Sheol in future days, but never out of pleasure.  Her sword would weep many tears.  Noahashonie was growing, learning that the right thing to do was rarely the pleasant thing.
She also wept over Sodasonie’s sharp criticism for her failure to obey the woman’s orders, but there was nothing for it now.  Sodasonie could be a harsh taskmaster, but it was always for the better.  She cherished Noahashonie like a mother and lover.  It was a bond that was to only grow over time.

As the battle moved south, the swath of slaughter spread out across the plain and fields into distant forests and glens.  The broad valley plain the South Pike opened onto became the focus of the heaviest fighting.  By mid morning, many of the wild beasts were already feasting upon the well-deserved banquet laid out before them.  Although many thousands of the wild beasts still accompanied the army host in its southern advance, especially the herding kind, it was increasingly the responsibility of Javan’s military to displace the retreating army.
This feast for bird and beast was so great as to be without measure.  Never before or since has such an event occurred, yet later prophets would speak of such destruction for the wicked at the End of Days, illustrating the total ruin created, for there was to be no burying of the slain.  Indeed, in the following days, when Javan and his people surveyed the devastation, little would be found of the defeated enemy other than some shredded clothing and scattered bone fragments.  
It would be wise for those living in later days to consider carefully the warning of those prophetic sages regarding ways to avoid such complete destruction.

By now, NoahDodanim was on the march, having put the bulk of his infantry on the South Pike at the double-quick, while assigning battle groups further away to take other, more direct southerly routes for themselves.  By early afternoon, he caught up with Javan’s main elements.
Too, a few of the intact remnants of Pharaoh’s army had formed a rearguard behind the routed soldiers and were beginning to slow Javan’s march toward Pachakanuunah.  The crush of wild animals was also diminishing, and Javan’s army was nearing exhaustion, having already pushed the enemy nearly fifteen miles in little over six hours.  Though Noah’s infantry of almost thirty thousand fresh troops was a welcomed sight, Javan decided to slow the attack down until he could regroup his scattered forces into proper battle formations.

When news of AnahNakaNoah’s rout reached General Chuphoe’s ears, he gathered up what companies of reserves were available and hurried them north as best he could.  With the maddening swarm of panicking refugees fleeing on the southern roads, Chuphoe was making poor time.  After several hours, he had only traveled up the north road about five miles.  Feeling the situation was hopeless for reaching the retreating army in time to lend support, he decided to set up defensive positions on a series of hillocks around the village of PoChakkahPeha.  There he dug in with entrenchments and built palisades in which he placed a half dozen of the smaller, wheeled thunder weapons that were at his disposal.
The breeze was far too strong and the flying beasts too many to allow the sky ships to take off.  When Admiral KufiSauntooh heard of the disaster, he took it upon himself to retake command of the remaining crews and personnel of his decimated sky force and put them on the road going north behind General Chuphoe’s army.  By early evening, there were possibly ten thousand defenders preparing to meet the onslaught of Javan’s ever-growing military might, assumed to number by now an estimated sixty thousand strong on the field.
Chuphoe did not expect to win or live past the end of the day.  His plan was to just hold the line for as long as possible and save however many helpless escapees he could by getting them to ships in the harbor before his defenses were overrun and destroyed.

The gloomy darkness spread far to the south, filling the young officer with hopeless dread as he pushed his men further down the pike.  Wild confusion along the roadway was making it nearly impossible to keep the company in formation, what with the jumble of supply wagons and teams smashed together across the road and in the ditches.  To make matters worse, there were massive rock walls and narrow stone bridges that constantly constricted traffic flow.
This part of the valley was crisscrossed with multiple streams and swampy wetlands, filled with tangles of thorns and brier patches.  It was an inhospitable, dreary place even on a sunny summer day but now, in this gloom, it took on the appearance of other-worldliness.  Filled with a forest of spiky, dead trees and flooded beaver ponds, interspersed with scrubland hillocks covered in scraggly evergreens, this forsaken landscape was difficult to cross.  Should a person wander a bow-shot from the road, they would never find their way back in this dismal darkness.
And it was deadly dangerous out there, too, especially for any terrified, panicked people blindly seeking escape from the attacking monster horde.  Bog grasses covering deep, stinky sinkholes and slime pits dotting the marshy valley plain caught hundreds of the unwary in their sticky grasp.  To his right and left, the officer could hear pitiable cries for help from those already succumbed to such perils, but there was no help offered by others fleeing the heated breath of approaching death.
Somehow, amid all this confusion, the young officer managed to keep his company intact and moving with reasonable speed down the road.  By now, the two following companies had surrendered their leadership to the man who seemed so adept at squeezing his men through impossible road jams.  Wherever he pushed his soldiers, they instantly followed, back and forth over walls and across sluggish streams when bridges were blocked.
A din of countless birds screeching and unnumbered bats squealing, as well as the blood-chilling howling of the winter wolves, coupled with the roaring, fanged beasts and mountain bears, only spurred them on to hurry away from approaching danger.  To follow any person who appeared to be beating a path to safety was only wisdom.  Dallying in this horrid country would only spell death and disaster.
At one bridge the officer’s company was forced to take, his soldiers were put to work clearing the wreckage of jumbled and broken wagons by casting them over the rock walls into the water.  They also needed to cut several teams loose, often pitching injured animals over the side of the bridge along with the wagons.
As his men labored wildly to clear the bridge, the officer looked toward the north at the oncoming destruction.  In stunned amazement, he watched giant storm-coveys of birds as they descended from the sky in swirling tempests to sweep devastating paths of mayhem through the fleeing masses.  Even though the bird storms were over half a mile away, the man could see great swaths of ground cleared of all living things as they passed over the fields, leaving behind black clusters of hundreds of the beaked attackers, devouring their hapless victims.
After what felt to be an eternity, the company had managed its way another two leagues.  There the soldiers came to a convergence in the road where the Northeast Passage joined the South Pike, the area having been stripped of its trees by Pharaoh’s army.  It was a narrow roadway that meandered through once heavily forested hill country until reaching a small tributary of the Bantoowazzi River.  There it snaked along the narrow valley, following the stream until eventually turning east away from the tributary to later intersect with the broad East Pike some miles from Mounds.
It was near where the Northeast Passage veered away east from the Bantoowazzi tributary that Pharaoh had established one of his large army camps.  The camp had been far enough south of the army lines to allow many of the camp followers and soldiers’ families to make escape before being overrun as happened to other camps nearer the battle.  These people were now pouring onto the South Pike from the eastern road.  The only thing that prevented total chaos here was that the valley floor began to spread out into more open country with wide expanses of range and farmlands, making it easier to flee cross-country.
After a great deal of delay, the young officer managed to muscle his companies of soldiers through growing throngs of desperate refugees at this intersection.  As he pushed beyond the eastern roadway, the increasing cries of terrified children and sobbing whimpers of young mothers began to torture his ears.  Stopping to survey the scene, his was heartsick at what he witnessed.
Surrounding him were countless women and children struggling to make escape, all the while attempting to dodge sutlers’ carts and thoughtless men on horses making haste to the south.  Filled with pity, the officer ordered the three companies to halt and provide assistance as best they could.  Pondering what could be done, he eyed a man with a rather large, four-wheeled cart taking people aboard…for a hefty price, of course.
Taking the hand of a weeping mother with two small children passing him by, he hurried over to the man and requested that he take them with him.
“That’ll be eight shekels of gold” the man shouted gruffly, “…two shekels for each one.”  He looked down at the frantic woman, grinning, “I imagine the little bitch here has one in the oven, and it don’t rides for free!”
The officer drew his sword and angrily shouted back, “They all rides for free!” then drove the sword hard into the man’s protruding gut, shoving him backward off the wagon and into the ditch, where the fellow lay, wallowing in his blood from a mortal wound.  Telling one of his soldiers to take up the reins and for another to guard the people, the officer proceeded to throw out the fat and lazy men who had paid their passage, threatening them with the same fate the sutler got if they complained.  He then loaded up as many of the weak and needy as possible and sent the wagon down the road.
Seeing there were several other carts available for such purposes, the officer quickly had his companies of men throwing off unwilling teamsters and unloading precious cargos to make room for as many as could be placed in the wagon boxes.  Soon there was a long line of carts hurrying away south with hundreds of the tired and weary.  When he was finished doing what he could, the officer put his men back on the road toward the southern sea.
The number of women and children attempting to make their way was staggering.  The officer’s pity only grew for this helpless crowd.  Already, many of the sickly and weak or those burdened down with children or those with child were sitting by the ditches or lying exhausted beside the roadway.  The young man also knew that most of these women were newfound widows and that their little children were the only remaining legacies of their once brave and stalwart husbands.  What more could he do?
An answer soon came to him.  About two furlongs further down the road were score upon score of northbound carts and wagons stopped along the road.  Loaded with freight, foodstuffs and military supplies for the thunder weapons, they were halted, awaiting orders.  Unable to turn about because of the crush of the fleeing people and uncertain if they should, most of the teamsters patiently waited beside their teams until given directions.
Deciding to take charge, the young officer commandeered the carts and ordered all the supplies be cast from the wagon boxes.  Every one of the officer’s soldiers and every able-bodied person found along the road willing to assist was soon feverishly unloading cargo and supplies.  As soon as a cart was empty, it was ordered about and filled with needy people.  This was done with every available cart and wagon that was found along the South Pike.  Eventually, hundreds of these wheeled conveyances were making their way toward safety.
When his work was finally finished, and he had accomplished all he could with the carts, the young officer reformed ranks with his remaining men and hurried off toward the south.  In the officer’s arms was a little girl of about three years who had lost her mother.  It was not he, alone, who felt such pity for the children.  Most of the soldiers in his three companies were laboring to carry one and sometimes two younglings, while often assisting the haggard and exhausted mother.
It was late when the young officer met up with General Chuphoe’s columns of infantry near PoChakkahPeha.  There he and his men were ordered to join in, setting up the defenses, being sent to dig in along a low ridge that ran off toward the south and east of the city.

“This will be a good place to die…” the young officer softly said to his second in command as he turned to face south, searching the horizon for a glimpse of the distant sea.  His heart was filled with the satisfaction of knowing that should he fall here in the upcoming battle, he had fought for a worthwhile cause…to save as many of the weak and helpless as he could.

*    *    *

Michael’s three squadrons of fighters kept up the ground attack for close to an hour.  By that time, what little remained of Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah’s once mighty army was now mostly a non-cohesive, leaderless mob of terrified men seeking escape from death by whatever means possible.
With plasma canisters nearly diminished and batteries running low, and also fearing a possible counter-strike from Legion’s forces, Michael called a halt to the attack on the routed army.  Even so, her ships still remained in close proximity to Javan’s advancing forces by maneuvering to keep the cloudbank they were hiding in near to lend support if necessary.  Though not now directly in the contest, they still stayed in the fight by using their ship’s electrostatic generators, Michael’s three squadrons maintaining the lightning that so terrified the fleeing army, encouraging continued flight of Pharaoh’s forces.
All through that day and into evening, the fighter squadrons shadowed Javan’s people.  It would be Sodasonie who would take advantage of this airborne support to later bring a conclusion to the day’s battles.

(Author’s note: The ground attack weapons being used by Michael’s fighter ships in this battle were of a thermal plasma nature, searing energy missiles that would turn the elements white hot.  The target area could reach temperatures of many thousands of degrees for several milliseconds.  This super-heated environment would send deafening shock waves out in every direction, instantly incinerating everything nearby, even to the point of melting iron and bronze while glazing rock.
Although very effective against defenseless ground troops, these weapons were of limited value in the ever-evolving technology during the wars of the Sky Children.  Due to their range and lack of effectiveness against newer fighter craft as well as the tremendous energy needed to operate them, it was not long before these weapons were phased out of the naval fighter arsenal.  Although still used on some mobile, ground assault platforms and as stationary defensive cannons up through the King’s War, these styles of energy weapons had fallen into general disuse by the end of the Three Hundred Years’ War.)

The move south against AnahNakaNoah’s routed army was arduous and distressing for Javan as he led his mounted troopers through a dismal wilderness of swamps and sinkholes.  Although he and his company were ever forced to keep to the pike, far to the front and off to his side the yelps, howls and roars of the Mozerathas army, combined with pitiable cries and screams of the enemy, echoed in the man’s ears.
While the giant, long-nosed, tusked beasts were forced to take to the roadway along with Javan’s other cavalry, wild wolves and herding animals raced through the gnarled, twisted brush and stinky marshes, followed up close by the Mozerathas warriors riding the backs of the great cats and cave-bears.  Javan could only imagine the horrid destruction overtaking the fleeing survivors of the initial attack on Pharaoh’s army as he witnessed the carnage on the pike.
Already Javan’s soldiers were busy clearing tangled congestion on the narrow highway to enable a more rapid advance.  Besides the broken wagons and carcasses of horses and oxen teams mangled and torn up while still trapped in their traces, the pike and surrounding areas were littered with countless bodies of men, women, and children, many torn to pieces.
The massive cloud bank, with its incessant lightning storm and the countless sky beasts circling above, created an evening-like gloom, blinding flashes of white, glowing energy lighting up Javan’s world in a most macabre way, searing forever the horrors of that day into the minds of Javan’s fearsome army.
One eyewitness later revealed that the ride through Ogallala was far less disturbing.  ‘You knew that soon all those horrid sights would be past you.  Here they only went on for mile after wearisome mile.  Occasionally there could be seen a pack of wild beasts feasting on a recent kill, but for the most part the hapless victims were only ripped up and left behind.  Even though these were our enemy and deserved death that day, they were still humans, or what remained of humans - men, women, and children - especially the children.  You could not look upon such devastation and not think of your own family members and loved ones as though they might also be scattered among such total ruination.’
Not all those remembering that day were so deeply moved with pity.  “Gruesome?  I’d say yes!” an aged warrior recalled.  “If ‘n those monsters from the north adn’t taken the day and that pharaoh ‘ad ‘ad ‘is way, it’d been our ‘ides stretched out to tan in the wilds.  Better off it was them!”
When opportunity afforded, Javan pulled his cavalry aside to permit the tusked beasts passage.  They went charging ahead, paying little heed to the devastation upon the highway.  Crushing and smashing, they made their way forward at an amazing pace, their towers filled with shouting and singing warriors bent on further destruction.  Javan estimated that nearly four hundred of the towered beasts thundered down the pike before he and his cavalry again took up the chase.  The wreckage of men, beasts and machines was terrible to behold, but Javan’s mounted soldiers were now able to make quick time with few major obstacles blocking their path.
When they arrived at the East Passage Road, the carnage along the South Pike was beginning to diminish.  Here the countryside opened up and many escapees had abandoned the highway for the fields to flee cross-country.  There was still a great deal of destruction, broken carts and wagons, scattered supplies, as well as remains of many animals that had been injured and abandoned in the stampede.  Human devastation, though, was greatly reduced, and was usually found to be soldiers who had died while conducting a rearguard action.
It was shortly after this that a courier arrived from the lead elements, providing Javan with the latest news of the fighting.  Reports were that the valley plain was widening to well over four miles of open pastures and farmland with numerous copses of trees and small woodlots scattered about.  The few meandering streams were to be easily forded, allowing in some places for companies of men in battle formation to cross without breaking ranks.  Javan sent orders ahead to his field commanders to spread out across the plain and keep up the pressure on the front while attempting flanking maneuvers in hopes of containing the enemy within the area of the South Pike.
“Don’t allow escape into the bordering hills if at all possible, and hold them to the highway,” Javan commanded.  “We don’t want to lose them in the forest.”
Javan needn’t have worried about losing the enemy, although secretly he may have wished it possible.  Already wild wolves and mountain lions were scouring those forested lands, searching for any seeking escape.  Even the birds appeared eager to be in on the hunt, calling out excitedly when spotting movement.  Indeed, there was not to be found even one soul who managed a successful retreat through those eastern and western woodlands, or at least there never came report of such a thing happening.
Upon reaching the Fathomth Hall Plank Road, Javan halted the bulk of his army to rest and regroup while permitting the Mozerathas to continue a slow advance with their animal hordes.  It was so uncanny to Javan, seeing how well the Mozerathas could control their wild allies.  With whoops, howls and various cries, they could manage the most powerful of beasts to obediently surrendering their will up to them.  These animals acted in concert with their masters much like a well-trained dog would for its owner.
The village of Fathomth Hall was all ablaze when Javan arrived, the retreating enemy laying it waste because of the stockpile of supplies there.  The village was located in the center of the valley, its east-west road reaching out to the South Pike on the east and the South Valley Hill Road on the west.  It was just south beyond the village and the Fathomth Hall Plank Road where Javan spread out his forces while slowing their march to await NoahDodanim’s infantry whose lead elements were just making their appearance coming down the South Pike.
Pharaoh’s rear guard was not attempting to hold any ground, its sole purpose being to slow down the approaching army so as to provide escape for as many people as they could, rapidly retreating in an orderly fashion, fending off the enemy with as few of their own casualties as possible.  Using his bowmen skillfully, the commander was able to keep many of the wild beasts and Mozerathas cavalry at bay.
As Javan’s soldiers had done at the fords, Pharaoh’s battle line bulged outward at the South Pike and gradually fell back on either side into the valley.  Ordering flanking movements did little good for Javan because the commander kept up a rapid enough pace to prevent his foe from getting around and behind him.
It was about mid-afternoon when Javan put his main army back into motion.  The men were rested, only having kept up a slow advance upon the retreating rearguard.  Flocks of birds were thinning out, many having grown tired from the long day’s efforts.  Bats were disappearing into the deep forest to roost and the carnivorous beasts were mostly gone to begin their feasting.  It was now or never.  He must break the enemy line and begin anew the rout before losing his army’s impetus to the will of the day.
Moving his bowmen in close, Javan unleashed a withering shower of arrows on the enemy, felling many of the brave defenders who had neither helmet nor shield for protection against such an onslaught.  He then ordered the Mozerathas to charge the center line with their tusked beasts while his cavalry attacked the flanks.  Behind them, twenty thousand of NoahDodanim’s light infantry charged on the run.
The attack of tusked beasts along with the horse and camel cavalry was devastating.  Rearguard defenses were instantly overrun and smashed.  Within minutes, surviving soldiers were in a full rout, throwing down any weapons in their haste to make rapid escape.  The brave commander attempted to hold his men together, but was felled by a stone pitched from the one of the animal towers.  After their captain’s demise, the battle moved quickly, NoahDodanim’s infantry managing little more than keeping up with Javan’s lead elements.
It was early evening before Javan called a temporary halt to the advance.  He and his party had just arrived on the rise of the South Pike, overlooking a two mile expanse of farmland and fields that supplied PoChakkahPeha with it foodstuffs and grazing lands for its many cattle and sheep.  Although his army had been on a hard march for nearly eight leagues since early morning, it had seen very little combat, and it was experiencing victory after victory.  Considering these facts, Javan began to make preparations for an assault upon PoChakkahPeha’s defenses before dark.
The sun was setting low in the western sky and time was of the essence.  If his soldiers failed to drive Pharaoh’s army off the low hills in front of them this eve, Javan feared his people would suffer very heavy losses, attacking them in the morning.  After placing his standard near the rise on the South Pike, Javan called for a brief moot with his head chiefs to consider the next move.  It was decided that an evening attack would be far less costly to the army than waiting until dawn.
The light cavalry of horses and camels would charge the eastern and western sides of the enemy positions, flanking them if possible.  Their main responsibility, though, was to pin the enemy down so they could not give support to where the main thrust was going, the narrowing valley pass directly in front of PoChakkahPeha.  There Javan placed his Mozerathas heavy cavalry of giant, tusked beasts and other assorted mounts of wild animals.  Still remaining with the Mozerathas was a large contingent of Northland wild animals as well as thousands of birds that lingered, circling in the skies.
NoahDodanim was to move his bowmen within shooting range in front of enemy positions to add support to the cavalry charges while his light infantry was to form a line of attack behind the bowmen and await orders to advance.  There were also several hundred heavy infantry at Noah’s disposal.  These were stationed across the pike behind the Mozerathas’ heavy cavalry and were to follow them in as soon as a breach was made in the enemy’s defenses.
After the breakthrough at the road, it was hoped the heavy infantry would be able to begin to roll up the inner wings while the light cavalry would do the same along the enemy’s flanks.  The light infantry would charge the hill emplacements at this same time with the intent of sending the broken regiments of Pharaoh’s army into a rout.  If possible, the army would pursue its fleeing enemy all the way to Pachakanuunah, eventually driving the few survivors into the sea.
Plans were quickly put in motion with the army moving into place for the final assault.  Now all that remained before the order to attack was given was for Sodasonie to reconnoiter the field, the woman requesting Javan hold back his orders to attack until her return.  Asking EpiphanOida and Noahashonie to accompany her, Sodasonie urged her mount forward, down the road and past the assembling forces.  She and her party then rode off to the right and into the opened fields below the fortified hillock where General Chuphoe had placed his commander’s ensign.

General Chuphoe carefully studied unfolding events down on the South Pike.  Not that many days ago, he proudly led one of the mightiest armies ever assembled up that road, filling every highway leading north.  Now he watched with remorse, the shattered remnants of his once glorious command hastening its retreat back down the road.  Throughout that afternoon, there had been a steady stream of escapees coming over the distant rise and, upon seeing PoChakkahPeha less than a league away, survivors of the northern conflict would pick up their pace to gain the protection of the city.
Protection?  What protection?  From reports received, Chuphoe believed the enemy would roll over his dismal defenses as easily as it had consumed Pharaoh’s grand army.  Despite the urging of his men standing the gates of the city for the escapees to hasten in flight toward Pachakanuunah, many thousands of worn out and distraught survivors decided to take their rest in the opened country south of the city.  Estimates by his officers put the number at over thirty thousand having taken to the fields, most of them women and children.
Not only had the people been pushed hard all day without any food or water, the terror of the demon hordes chasing them had nearly driven many of the people mad.  Eyewitness accounts of monster beasts with claws longer than a handbreadth and giant cats with fangs over a foot in length would have been impossible for Chuphoe to believe except for the countless numbers of reports.  Even the hardened veterans of Pharaoh’s army continued to make haste for Lake Tecatucutan because of the things they had witnessed.
One general that Chuphoe had a great deal of respect for would not even stop when confronted by his former commander.  Shouting over his shoulder as he continued his rapid trek south, the man warned Chuphoe to flee while he could.  “Make haste!  Make haste!  Save yourself, for the worlds of the damned have risen to deliver Hell to ours!”
Cavalry scouts off to the north would send couriers back to keep the general apprised of the enemy’s progress.  They also delivered reports concerning the horrific conditions further up the pike.  Attacks by packs of ferocious wolves and wild dogs on any and all who failed to keep up a running flight were terrifying enough, but the accounts of monster, tusked animals as huge as mountains and with castles containing a hundred screaming warriors seemed hardly believable.  But still, the accounts must contain some truth.
Then there were reports of a great, overwhelming cloudbank that kept pace with the approaching enemy, all the while shooting out fire and death on the fleeing crowds below.  This final report, the general refused to believe until he witnessed the cloud’s distant glow later in the afternoon.
Earlier in the day, General Chuphoe and Admiral Kufi met to discuss their situation.  It was decided that this defensive position was untenable yet, if they pulled back, there would be no hope for the many thousands of tired survivors huddled in the fields south of the city.  If they could possibly hold here until nightfall, there was a chance the enemy would pull back and wait until morning to resume the battle.  If that were the case, they might be able to withdraw their forces overnight and set up new defenses near Pachakanuunah, while hopefully convincing the tired refugees to also get back on the road south, saving more lives.
General Chuphoe appointed Admiral Kufi chieftain over the defenses east of PoChakkahPeha and he took command on the western side and those in front of the city. Chuphoe assigned Headman PooHatten to take charge of the center sector to the north of the city.  Headman PooHatten had been commanding the garrison at Fathomth Hall when orders came to abandon the village.  After setting the supply depots afire, he withdrew his four hundred soldiers south to PoChakkahPeha.  Being an able officer, Chuphoe trusted PooHatten’s abilities to fortify and protect this crucial junction of the general’s defensive line.
PooHatten was soon overseeing the construction of bulwarks and barricades stretching across the South Pike between the two low, fortified hills to the east and west.  Tearing down nearby buildings for supports, he was busy constructing earthworks and parapets across the narrow pass.  Leaving the road open for escapees still streaming down from the north, PooHatten loaded four heavy wagons pulled by two wheeled battlements with stones, to be moved into place across the road when necessary.
Realizing that the pass was the most vulnerable location of his defensive line, and most probable to receive the enemy’s heaviest attacks, Chuphoe placed the bulk of his three hundred bowmen and all his heavy infantry of about eight hundred down in the pass.  Along with Headman PooHatten’s four hundred soldiers and another two regiments of reserves that had come up from Pachakanuunah, the total number of defenders in the pass was nearly three thousand.  It was too small a number to fend off a concerted attack, but all the general could spare, considering the meager forces he had at his disposal, possibly twelve thousand men in all and, of that number, nearly half were laborer-soldiers not well trained in combat.
It was around the time Chuphoe saw the approaching cloud, still far to the north, that Admiral Kufi decided to send some of his sky ship crews back to see if they could make escape in the few giant ships that might still fly.  Loading some remaining carts with the most needy, about two score of his men began the four-mile trek back toward the sky ship fields.
In the calm air of late afternoon, eight giant ships of war grudgingly took to the skies, beginning their long voyage south, over the eastern edge of Lake Tecatucutan for the fields of TittenShobontii some forty leagues away.  Aboard each overloaded ship were nearly four dozen women, children and wounded being taken to safety far from the battle.

It was late in the day, the sun hanging low in the western sky, when Chuphoe’s scouts brought news of the rearguard’s rout at Fathomth Hall.  Not long afterward, the general saw the remainder of his tiny cavalry band of scouts making haste down the South Pike.  After reaching PoChakkahPeha, the head officer searched out his commander to make report.  What he had to relate was very grim.  Enemy forces had overrun the rearguard defenders with ease, the giant, tusked monsters with battle towers on their backs smashing through the meager defenses as though they were mere stubble.  The officer feared that many if not most of the gallant rearguard were slaughtered upon the field, the few survivors making an escape as fast as they could for PoChakkahPeha.
There would be no more delaying action now, the last organized fighting force north of the city having been shattered.  All that lay between Chuphoe and his army were the unnumbered hundreds of refugees still taking flight upon the pike.  It would not be long now before the battle was to be at his door.
About this time, remnants of the rearguard began coming over the northern rise and down into the valley.  Warning others of the approaching doom, they shouted and waved their arms, urging the hundreds of people slowly plodding along to take flight.  On they ran, passing the others by, tiny, dark dots moving quickly down the roadway in search of their own safety.  There arose a general commotion among the people along the road when the soldiers passed, and those with the energy stepped up their retreat.  For many, though, there was little energy left within them.  They remained sitting beside the road or lying in the nearby fields, quietly waiting their coming fate, too exhausted to flee any further.
Looking across the opened plain at such pitiable distress, General Chuphoe ordered his cavalry officer to take his men back up the road to assist as many as possible to make escape into the city.  “Do what you can.  Drive them along if necessary.  Carry the little ones on your horses if possible.”  He then cautioned, “But don’t take undue risk!  Keep your company safe, if it means abandoning all of them.”
In less than five minutes, Chuphoe’s troop of scouts were up the South Pike encouraging stragglers to make escape.  More than one mounted soldier gathered up mother and child, sometimes children, and rode them back to the city gates, repeating these heroics several times. Chuphoe smiled wearily at seeing his men having at least limited success getting the people up and moving toward safety.
While intently watching this rescue, the piercing sound of battle horns fell upon Chuphoe’s ears.  Staring anxiously up the highway, the general waited to see what deviltry was making its way toward them.  There was still a steady stream of people hurrying over the rise, their rush to escape growing into a panicked stampede as the enemy drew ever near.
Bleating sounds of enemy battle horns caused complete chaos among the terrified people scattering about aimlessly in the nearby fields in a maddening effort to escape.  With their horses loaded down to the point of collapse, scouts finally abandoned the field and fled back into the city.  There would be no more rescue for those still outside the battlements unless they managed it themselves.  Their fate rested in their own hands now.
When the enemy made its appearance on the ridge of the South Pike and charged down the other side, the entire valley erupted in wails and outcries, chilling one’s soul.  The general stood, stunned by what he saw.  Two abreast they were, four-legged beasts of gigantic proportions with huge, walled battlements on their backs, rampaging down the road, bringing destruction to anyone in their path.  The general cried aloud in dismay at the unbelievable sights he beheld.  What was he to do against such unstoppable forces?
In pairs, one after another, after another, ten and then twenty, and then thirty of these gargantuan monsters were tearing down the road, spreading devastation into the surrounding fields.  On they continued over the rise, still more, an army without number, filling the valley below the southern heights.  As the animals drew closer, Chuphoe could see the beasts’ long tusks, many with chains strung across from one tusk to the other.  Twice the height of a man they were tall, with the weight of a dozen horses, carrying battlements that held at least half a score of warriors.
The animals would sweep in upon their terrified victims, swinging giant heads to and fro to catch hapless persons up in the chains and then pitch them high into the air or dash them to the ground.  Other beasts would attack, head down, smashing through the panicked throng and crushing them underfoot.  If that was not enough, warriors in the towers would strike with arrows, stones and spears any and all that came within range.  Soldier, woman, little child…it made no difference.  Today was a day of extermination for Pharaoh’s people, the price to be paid for attempting the same with the sons of Dodanim.
Dozens of beasts were soon charging the road and fields filled with hundreds of helpless, petrified women and children.  Chuphoe must do something, but what?  How could he slow the carnage?  Also, if he did not do something soon, the rampaging monsters would storm the city’s defenses, trampling the few brave soldiers willing to stand the barricades against these monsters.
Ordering the thunder weapon crews up, the general commanded they charge the four machines on the western hills and take aim at the tusked beasts in the fields below.  The range of these small thunder weapons was limited, so Chuphoe waited until the attackers were about two furlongs from the city before giving the order to shoot to the weapons’ crews.
“Release the stones!”  Chuphoe shouted while at the same time dropping his arm, signaling the more distant crews to do the same.  Four thunderous booms were to be heard, followed shortly by black geysers of smoke and dirt and four distinct, explosive reports.
The Mozerathas cavalry were caught totally by surprise, most of them never witnessing such terrifying sights and sounds.  The giant, tusked animals bellowed out in fear and confusion, stopping or turning away, trying to flee.  The entire attack temporarily came to a halt as the herdsmen attempted to rein their animals in and back under control.
“Charge your weapons!” Chuphoe shouted again.  The wait for the men to reload felt like an eternity to the general.  He continually kept glancing over his shoulder to see what the enemy was doing, fearing a renewed attack before he was ready.  When the thunder weapons were finally charged, Chuphoe screamed out the order, “Release the stones!”
The second volley drove the giant, tusked beasts away from the fortifications, far out of range of the explosive stone-throwers.  Taking advantage of the moment, Headman PooHatten quickly reopened the blocked road to allow rapid escape into the city.  He also sent several of his soldiers out to assist the weak and injured.  Wounds were gruesome, many with broken bones and crushed limbs.  People were considered lucky if they suffered only arrow or stone wounds.
Chuphoe’s jubilation over the temporary withdrawal was short-lived.  In the growing shade of evening, he could see hundreds upon hundreds more of these giant tusked beasts pour over the ridge and onto the valley floor.  Along with them came the cavalry of fabled, fanged cats and cave-bears.  This mounted cavalry of thousands soon spread out across the fields in front of the general’s defenses.
There appeared to be more of this wild, terrifying cavalry than he had soldiers to protect the city.  Arriving behind these were the horse and camel light cavalry entering the valley along their eastern and western flanks.  And this was not the end of matters.  Soon the general saw the numberless infantry of Javan’s army flooding over the rise and across distant fields.
Then arose the most chilling sounds Chuphoe had ever heard.  In the distance, growing in intensity, sounded the blood-curdling howls of thousands upon thousands of timber wolves and wild dogs.  Peering hopelessly to the south, where untold numbers of his people looked to him for protection, the general wondered if the struggle they had made to come this far had all been in vain.  Was their tumultuous escape across over twenty-five miles of narrow, twisting roads and danger-filled wastelands all for naught?
Would these few survivors, too, have to be sacrificed this night to pay the price for Pharaoh’s evil deeds?  Pharaoh’s?  Wasn’t he, General Chuphoe, too, equally guilty, wishing to make a name for himself and plunder the riches of the northern cities?  Yes!  He and all of his fellow conspirators who sought only glory and ill-gotten wealth were the shameless ones committing these unspeakable crimes against an innocent people.  But now it would also be the poor and beggarly among them who must pay the price.  The simple farmer and fisher who just wanted to be left alone to care for his family and tend his needs had been dragged away from home and hearth to slave for the master’s will.  Sadly, now they must also pay on the bill.
The howling of the approaching wolves suddenly quieted, the entire valley becoming still.  In the shadowy light of dusk, Chuphoe watched a dozen riders slowly making their way toward his battlements.  He could see in the gathering darkness, as the sun slowly crept behind the western hills, a woman dressed in brilliant armor with flowing, silver-white hair.  She rode a giant, white, fanged cat, her shield held high, but no weapon did she hold in her hand.  The woman stared up the hill at Chuphoe, her eyes becoming fiery flames.
Silently the woman sat her mount as her burning orbs seared into Chuphoe’s brain.  Then words came, not in sound but in thought, creating ghostly images dancing in the general’s mind.  “Son, prepare for thy death, for how can I hold back the world of righteous wrath if you continue to resist me?  Remember well the wisdom of your father, ChubiDondee, and the counsel of your mother, a child of the hoarfrost, TobanaHazzer.  The gods of Hormax have failed you this day!  There is but one God who can save you now.  Soften his face so that your people might live.”
Dumbstruck by this woman’s uncanny powers and that she would know the names of his deceased parents, Chuphoe pondered the puzzling words spinning round in his head.  Was there still any hope for his people?  Could he afford them any rescue from certain destruction?  What wisdom had his parents taught him?  He began to search his distant childhood for any possible answer.
Then he recalled a time long ago when he was very young.  The priests of Horus were filling the ears of all the village people with stories of what misfortune and damnation would come to any person not bending a knee to the Great Horus and his maker, ZeussahReaboahm.  Filled with fright, the terrified child ran home to tell his parents the things he had been told.
Taking his son’s hand while his mother cradled the crying boy in her arms, Chubi explained, ‘Only the Maker of Worlds need be feared.  Iam gives us life, and only by his hand can we ever really lose it.  Who are the other gods of men but men themselves, or demons who themselves are even lower than the men they enslave.  Give to Iam what is his and you will need fear nothing at all upon this Earth.’
Without hesitation, Chuphoe fell upon his knees, and with hands spread wide and high, he cried out to this Iam that he had so long ago forgotten, begging him to show mercy upon the weak and helpless people and the soldiers in his charge.  “Please” he earnestly begged, “spare these innocent children, for are they not also your children?  Let them make an escape from your wrath this one time.  They do not know a thing because of the lies of the priests of Horus.  Just this once, please, listen to a foolish man deserving of nothing at all, and let these people escape your judgment.”
Instantly, Chuphoe heard the woman cry out in a voice both terrifying and beautiful words in a tongue strange in sound but familiar in feeling.  Then she lifted her hand to her helmet and called out in the voice of the common tongue, “It has come to pass…”
Suddenly the distant cloud that had been following the enemy army all that day lifted itself up high into the sky and began to move southward above and past Javan’s battle lines, coming alive with crackling fires and thunderous lightning.  Stopping over the top of the woman and her companions, the fiery cloud gradually settled down to the ground, filling the entire valley and beyond with its wondrous glory.
A voice like that of the silvery-white-haired woman again came into Chuphoe’s mind, telling him, “Leave this land and do not threaten this people any more!  Do not linger.  Your soul and the souls of your people you have saved this day because you humbled yourself in spirit and soul.  Now go…”

The fearsome cloud hugged the fields for over six days and nights.  Sodasonie warned the people not to go near it for fear of their lives.  She later told Noahashonie that it was an empty threat made to discourage anyone from attempting passage beyond.  Javan could do little but wait, silently relieved over the lull in the fighting, in hope that Pharaoh’s army was busy retreating back across the Tecatucutan Sea.  He needn’t have worried.
General Chuphoe wasted little time abandoning his fortifications and putting his army on the road toward Pachakanuunah, the northern-most city on Lake Tecatucutan.  Although called ‘Lake Tecatucutan’ by the peoples of the Southlands, Tecatucutan was really a gulf or inland sea. A broad peninsula that stretched far to the south along its eastern shores, followed by the tidelands, saltwater marshes and low tide islands that stretched all the way to the southern mainland, it effectively closed off the gulf from the Eastern Sea.  TittenShobontii was the southern-most city on the peninsula.
Some forty leagues south of Pachakanuunah and twenty leagues to the east of Lake Tecatucutan was the deep-water port of TittenShobontii.  It was located on the only commercially navigable waterway that bisected the tidelands and connected Lake Tecatucutan to the Eastern Sea.  Off to the city’s west were the treacherous channels of the tidelands, navigable only for shallow-draft, coastal lake shipping.  To its east were the deeper channels that connected to the Eastern Sea used by the giant Phoenician cargo ships.  With its deepwater harbor, warehouses, mercantile and abundance of fine taverns and inns, TittenShobontii became the transfer port of exchange for trade-goods, as well as being a stopover for travelers on long sojourns.
Well aware that there were far too few ships available to evacuate the many thousands of people seeking escape, especially now when so many of the residents of PoChakkahPeha and Pachakanuunah wanted to evacuate their cities for fear of their lives, Chuphoe decided for the people to retreat to TittenShobontii down the peninsula.  After all, these territories were the northern regions of the lands belonging to Ham’s descendants.  There was no way of telling if Javan would consider these people enemies of his or not.  After hearing tales of mayhem and destruction further north, the local inhabitants did not want to wait around to find out.

It was in the early evening on the third day since the fearsome cloud settled down upon the land that General Chuphoe found himself standing upon the battlements of a giant, wheeled war machine, directing the evacuation.  As he stood there, in the cool of the evening, he was approached by Headman PooHatten regarding a young infantry officer.
He described at some length the man’s brave deeds during the fearsome retreat from the north and the great number of people he rescued from death, including several companies of soldiers along with vast numbers of helpless women and children.  Then he related how the officer willingly took up the defense of PoChakkahPeha.  PooHatten concluded, “For these many days now, he has stayed loyal to our pharaoh and his people, all the while fretting over the fate of his own family, searching for them when time permitted him freedom from his duties.  Only by the light of this late day’s sun has he found them…all well, but in need.  The young officer’s wife is with child and has not the power to master the ordeal of the long, overland journey to TittenShobontii.  The young man came to me, seeking to obtain for her and his little ones passage on one of the few remaining ships in the harbor.  He has no monies or possessions to buy them passage, for it was all lost in the fighting or spent in paying the outrageous prices charged for the sutlers’ foods and supplies.”
Chuphoe was disgusted at hearing the report concerning the abusive ways of the sutlers, this only one of many that had reached his ears, but first he addressed the matter of the young officer.  “There is a ship, Rifter, that lies at anchor in the harbor, waiting upon my orders.  It is laden down with the riches of Pharaoh, treasures of luxury he delivered here for setting up his throne in this land.  Cast overboard all that trash and then fill the ship with the weak and feeble, those heavy with child and their little ones.  Do not separate mother from child.
“Give that young man passage along with his family.  Place him in charge, making him second in command under you for the safety of the passengers.  The ship is to depart from here on the morning tide with you standing in the bow in my stead.  I will not be going, but will remain with this vast throng of people needing my protection.”
He then addressed the issue of the sutlers.  “I have received enough reports as to how the people are being mistreated and abused by these miscreants as well as others like them.  Put in charge a trustworthy officer and take how ever many soldiers you have need of, sending them forth to confiscate from those usurpers of justice wagon and beast, foodstuffs and needy supplies.  Leave them with their ill-gotten gold and silver.  Let it be their burden to carry upon their backs as they flee afoot from the coming dread.  See how well their gold nourishes their parched palates and empty stomachs.”
Looking south, toward the broadways leading out of Pachakanuunah and to the west, Chuphoe lamented, “The rich have no compassion for their poorer brethren who have toiled these many years for the ones with power and glory.  They fill their coaches with treasures of their wealth while making the old and beggarly walk in their dust.
“Take the army and dispossess those ingrates of their wealth.  Tell them it is the price Pharaoh has charged them for his protection.  Discard those filthy, wicked treasures of wood and opulence and fill the wagon boxes with any and all in need.  Only the foodstuffs keep with the wagons.  Should the rich man willingly give up his riches to assist others, then he and his family may get away safe upon his wheeled conveyance.  As it is for the others, with their lives as spoil will these people escape on foot.  Distribute soldiers among the wagons to make sure my orders remain in force.
“Oh yes, one more thing...”  Chuphoe placed a hand on PooHatten’s shoulder.  “Tell the soldiers not to take for themselves any of the riches cast beside the roadway or touch any of the gold or silver either in hand or on the ground.  It is in fear for their lives should such a thing be done, for my hand will be quick against any man who does such an evil thing in his disobedience.  Leave those things behind so that the enemy may be slowed from pursuit by his own greed for wealth and riches.”
PooHatten reached over and grasped Chuphoe’s forearm, bowing his head.  “Just as you have commanded, my Lord...”  At that, he quickly departed to deliver his news and carry out his orders.
In silent thought, Chuphoe watched PooHatten hurry away down the road until he came to a tiny group of people huddled together in the gathering darkness.  He smiled to himself when two shadowy figures fell into a lingering embrace before taking up their children to follow PooHatten into the city and toward the harbor.
Resting his hands on the battlement of the wheeled war machine, Chuphoe contemplated everything that must yet be done.  He trusted the witching lady’s words that she shouted in his head.  Three more days of protection there were before the cloud would lift, three more days to deliver escape for his people, and to do whatever else must be done before the enemy would arrive.
Admiral Kufi was already long departed for TittenShobontii, having lifted off in the stillness of the late morning air after destroying what remained behind of his once mighty sky fleet.  Although fearing an attack from the smaller enemy sky ships that could be seen from time to time flying above the ominous cloud, Kufi decided to chance an escape with his four remaining ships that were still airworthy.  The little ships did not pass beyond the cloud, permitting the admiral’s sky ships to get away safe, ‘filled to the gunnels with women and children’ as one old warrior later recalled.  Kufi planned to remain in TittenShobontii, awaiting his fate, seeing that Pharaoh had taken a dislike to him.
Angry clouds from the burning of the black water used to fuel Kufi’s air ships’ powerful horses still hung heavy off to the west while new fires from the many supply depots and vast quantities of military stores lit up the evening sky.  Chuphoe dared not allow anything militarily useful to be left behind.  This included all the foodstuffs that the people could not carry away with them, his intent being to slow Javan’s army if possible, thus buying his people more time for escape.  Still, he did not order the burning of Pachakanuunah or its surrounding cities, sparing them from destruction.
There were several thousand people who refused to depart their homes and flee into risky uncertainty.  They had not supported Pharaoh in his invasion, many even suffering under it.  Now they hoped on Javan’s mercy to be left harmless.  Chuphoe refused to have any more hardship delivered upon these people by his hand.  If Javan had mercy on them, then they would have shelters to reside in.  If he did not…well, that was not a choice of the general’s making.  He must salvage what he might and rescue those he could.
By this time on the morrow, the roads for TittenShobontii would begin to empty.  At that time, he would put his rearguard on the roads and finish his withdrawal from here.  In the morning, his eight remaining wheeled war machines would follow up the rear, each pulling several giant wagons filled with necessary supplies.  Then, as darkness fell upon the land, he would board his chariot and, with his last remaining cavalry, pull away from this place, satisfied he had done everything possible to save as many as could be saved.

*    *    *

The riotous commotion in the camp jolted Noahashonie from her sensuous dreams.  The girl’s eyes popped open only to see Javan’s eyes staring intently into hers.  She gasped in quiet surprise, having forgotten they had spent the previous night curled up snuggly in each other’s arms.  Disregarding the excited voices outside the tent, the girl cuddled close, resting her head on her husband’s shoulder.
As Noahashonie nestled beside Javan, she pondered his lingering while the outside world acted with such excitement, all the while wishing he would allow her a few moments more of this sweet interlude.  Sensing his young wife’s desires, Javan pulled her close, tenderly kissing Noahashonie’s lips in a most alluring way.
“My Lord…”  Noahashonie fussed as she excitedly waited upon another of her husband’s passionate kisses.  “My Lord, the…”
Putting a finger to the girl’s lips, Javan hushed her.  “Yes, I know.  I know.  The cloud is beginning to move…have been expecting it.”  He then rolled up onto his side, resting his weight on an elbow.  “If you are in a hurry to witness the spectacle, we can dress and go out to see it, or…”
“Or what?”  Noahashonie asked, curious.
“Or…” Javan glanced toward the tent flap and slowly turned his attention back to his wife, softly running his fingers over the girl’s curvaceous form.  “Or… if you desire, we could enjoy other spectacles that only a man and woman can experience together.”
Noahashonie’s eyes twinkled with excitement, cooing with desire, “Oh take me again, my Lord and King, like you did this past evening and in the cool of the morning darkness.  Please make love to your most faithful servant as you have done before.”
Javan laughed softly, “If you insist, my Lady.  I shall do as you wish.”
With tender kisses and loving touches, the two aroused one another until the craving of passion and ardor refused to be ignored any longer.  Then rolling onto his back, Javan beckoned Noahashonie to join him.  Giggling with delight, she sensuously slid her body atop his, groaning with satisfaction as she settled into a straddling position.  “I love you so…” she whispered, staring down into Javan’s dark orbs.
With sweet words of endearment, the two wiled the early morning away in such romantic splendor so as to forget the tumultuous world outside their tented walls.

Noahashonie had no idea how late the hour was by the time she awoke.  Javan was gone from the tent, the bed where he slept cold.  Hurrying with a hand bath and to dress, she finally made her way out of the tent and into the brightness of the midmorning sun.  Javan was a distance away, conferring with some of his captains while other people labored or busied themselves about the camp.
The great, mysterious cloud that had caused such excitement was now little more than faint wisps of mist, rapidly fading into the blue sky.  The army of men rested at ease upon the valley plain to the south, not appearing to be in a great hurry.  Days before, when the cloud had settled down upon the land, the beasts of prey gathered for their promised feast.  Shortly thereafter, the herding animals, the giant foraging oxen and wild cattle, along with the deer and elk and other gameland herds, wandered away toward the northern lands.  Now only the monster, tusked animals remained behind with the army, the domesticated burden bearers of the Mozerathas.
Standing in the warmth of a new summer day, Noahashonie recalled with delight the reunion shared with her family only days before.  How much fun it had been to play silly games with her younger brothers and sisters, and to sit at her father’s side, listening to his vast wisdom about life, or to hear tales of her people from days long ago! And her mother, now heavy with child, had chosen to come and fight, and die if necessary. Noahashonie was so happy to see her.
Someone approaching from behind called out with a loud, cheerful voice, interrupting the girl’s thoughts.  “Well, it’s about time you got yourself out and about, wasting the whole day sleeping when the world is going on the move.”
Turning, Noahashonie grinned and spread her arms wide to receive a hug from her close friend and companion, HilgaTomassie.  “I am so well today,” Noahashonie crooned.  “Should the morning never have ended, would have been my desire.  Oh, for the end of evil in this world so that we may get back to the important things in life.”
Looking at the girl’s rosy cheeks and dancing eyes, Hilga understood well the child’s tribute to the pleasant hours of fleeting romance.  She smiled, nodding, “Yes.  Yes, may that one day come to pass.  Then we shall give our men a time of it, won’t we?”
Noahashonie laughed, nodding as she gave Hilga another giant bear hug.  Then looking around, curious, she asked, “Dancing Stones or the Lady, where are they off to?  I have not seen or heard from them yet this day.”
Hilga stepped back, grasping Noahashonie’s upper arms while shaking her head.  “You wouldn’t know, what with you sleeping the day away,” she laughed.  “The Lady is off to the south with scouts to see what matters are all about.  The army is to wait for her return before setting out.  Dancing Stones lies sick in her bed, and has called on me for a visit to see if my witching skills can discover what her sickness is.  Would you like to come along?”
EpiphanOida’s tent was not far away, pitched in a small grove of willows near a bubbling stream.  Tuosolmerica looked up from a boiling kettle of solip (cattail) and wild onion soup, smiling her salutations.  Setting down the bowl of steaming broth, she approached Hilga and Noahashonie, taking Hilga’s hands and giving her a tender kiss on her lips.  After a polite pause, she turned and did the same with Noahashonie.
Stepping back, Tuosolmerica sighed, relieved, “It is good that you came so quickly.  Our mistress is greatly distressed over her condition and seeks only your counsel in this matter, believing your witching knowledge excels all others.”
Hilga cast her eyes toward the ground, embarrassed.  “Your servant girl…  I am but thirty plus two winters, being born in the year of the Great Blizzard, daughter of our father when advanced in years.  Who am I to be considered great in the eyes of the goddesses of the Older Age?”
Tuosolmerica smiled, shaking her head as she spoke to Noahashonie.  “My little sister does this to me all the time.  Our father, Ausalmerica, son of Merica, lay on his deathbed, wishing one more time to have a woman before his death.  The village men gave to him SarahPuntatia, youngest daughter of my great, great grandson, MagogBedan.  Our father died three days hence, and SarahPuntatia passed from life in giving birth to my sister here.  Raised by MagogBedan, a simple herdsman, Hilga has never come to believe the witching powers she possesses.  She is a Witch Dragon of superb excellence through the blood of Merica, but cannot see it.”

(Author’s note:  True, Tuosolmerica and Hilga were sisters, born of the same father, Ausalmerica, great grandson of Kittim, but both with different mothers.  Though SarahPuntatia, mother of Hilga, was many generations younger than ElishiahBahor, mother of Tuosolmerica, but daughter of Elishah, grandson of Japheth, son of Noah, the blood of the Dragons still ran deep within her veins.  Young she was, but eight winters, when EpiphanOida came to her and celebrated the laying of the hands upon the child.  Most uncanny the girl was at possessing knowledge concerning sickness and ill health.  These uncanny abilities had been passed down through blood to her only child, Hilga.
Hilga was considered the greatest of medicine women among the people of the Skotfane Clan.  EpiphanOida had also laid hands upon her before the girl’s twelfth winter, recognizing the power of Iam was strong within the child.  Like her mother, with cooing prose and gentle touch, Hilga could diagnose a person’s ills and then help offer a remedy.  Most knowledgeable she was, also, in the medicines of herbs and tonics for curing every form of sickness.  And it was said that with haunting chants and songs, she could penetrate a person’s flesh with her fingers to remove tumors and repair organs, leaving the body without a scar.)

Tuosolmerica took Hilga’s hand, glancing at Noahashonie before addressing Hilga.  “Now come, whatever you think of yourself, the great witch Dancing Stones waits upon your attention.  She is fearful that a terrible sickness has overtaken her, possibly a spell cast upon her by Samyaza, himself.  Quickly, both of you, come to the aid of our sister-queen.”

Noahashonie was shocked by the condition of EpiphanOida, lying naked on the fur rug covered in sweat and vomit, her breathing difficult.  Tuosolmerica quickly took a basin of water and bent down to clean up the mess, apologizing, “My sister, I am so sorry.  I didn’t hear you or I would have come on the run.”
EpiphanOida slowly shook her head, replying, her voice weak, “I cannot even keep down the herb tea you have given me.  I am dying.  What evil is killing me?”  At seeing Hilga and Noahashonie, she smiled and lifted a hand to the girl while addressing Hilga.  “You must save me or allow my death to be peaceful.  Tell me, please, what is wrong with me.  And do not hold any secret back from me.”
“Your servant girl…”  Hilga replied.  “Whatever Iam permits, I shall do for you.  I will not hold back from telling you all the truth.”
With that, Hilga got down on her knees and began a musical chant while she placed her fingers on EpiphanOida’s skin.  Though she already knew what the woman’s condition was, did from the time she entered the tent, Hilga practiced her healing arts to the full, knowing how much it comforted the soul to have time luxuriated upon it.  At length, she sat back, quietly staring into EpiphanOida’s face.
“What?!”  EpiphanOida asked, worried, “Hold nothing back from me.  Tell me truthfully, do I die or is there a curse placed upon me?”
Hilga leaned forward, taking EpiphanOida’s hand while tenderly resting her other on the woman’s belly.  She smiled ever so slightly, answering, “No.  No, you are not dying, nor do I believe a spell has been cast upon you, but, I believe you have not been careful enough with the company you keep.”
“What?!”  EpiphanOida cried in her weak voice.  “In whose company have I betrayed myself?  What is wrong with me?!”
Squeezing her hand while softly massaging EpiphanOida’s belly, Hilga answered, “Javan’s, I believe.  You’re pregnant...”

*    *    *

Javan did not receive news of EpiphanOida’s pregnancy for three days.  Sodasonie returned before Javan could be informed.  As soon as she arrived, he ordered the army up and on the move.  Tuosolmerica told Noahashonie to join her king and Sodasonie on their march south, but warned the girl not to speak a word of this to anyone…anyone.
By evening, the army had secured Pachakanuunah, afterward the bulk of it moving off to the east where it was bivouacked, waiting upon morning orders.  As with PoChakkahPeha, Pachakanuunah was spared plundering by the army, Javan ordering the soldiers to bring no harm to the remaining inhabitants and leave their homes and possessions untouched.  This the soldiers did, but abandoned homes they ransacked.  Javan said little about the fine decorations and trinkets that managed their way into backpacks and haversacks of ever so many eager treasure hunters.  He also did not comment concerning the collecting of riches found along the road.  In fact, it amused him to see the many Mozerathas women and children with newly acquired, brightly colored baubles dangling from their many body piercings.
That night, Javan met in a war council to discuss what the army should do next.  Noahashonie and Odethbethel quietly lingered in the shadows, listening to the army’s fate while Tuosolmerica stood with the others in moot.  There was an air of excitement with those gathered there, a feeling that soon this war might come to a finish.  The enemy was fleeing south toward TittenShobontii, scouts reporting the road empty for many leagues east and west of Pachakanuunah.
Sodasonie revealed what was happening in the Southlands beyond Lake Tecatucutan.  “Confusion and dissension are rife among the people, their anger spewing over onto the streets of KattawCauwaSonn, Pharaoh’s city.  They are near revolt.  Little is the chance that AnahNakaNoah will be able to fill his hand with another invading army or even survive a possible insurrection.  The tattered army fleeing to the south seeks no further contact with the host of Javan.  They will run clear to the tidelands with only a little persuasion from your advance guard.”
She shook her head.  “The battle is won, the riches of spoils yours for the taking.  This was the land of Ham that you now stand upon, but has been justly taken as reward for defeating the enemies of Iam.  You now have a great city and harbor that commands the northern fleets of this vast Southern Ocean.  The land in this region is rich and luxurious for growing foodstuffs, the plains of Megiddo fine grasslands for your sheep, cattle, and horses, and the sea itself is filled to overflowing with the succulent flesh of countless fishes, clams, and water creepers.”
Waving her hand over a cartographer’s map, Sodasonie explained, “Should you continue an organized march to the south, TittenShobontii will peacefully surrender if you promise it safety, and you will have accomplished this with little harm to yourselves.  With the city comes control of trade in and out of the Southern Ocean.  Taxes and tariffs will quickly refill your treasuries.  The land will then be at peace, you will be at peace, and Iam will be at peace.”
Stepping back from the map table, she concluded, “All of you have won a great battle and driven an evil host from your land.  If you choose to continue this war or secure your peace, it is a choice you must make.  For us, the Children of the Sky, the war is over.  We shall take our leave in a few days to return to our world where war never ends.  There we shall celebrate this victory in the custom of my people and will bury our dead with mourning and lament.”  With that, Sodasonie bid the company goodnight and, turning away from the firelight, quietly disappeared into the darkness.

Javan and his captains debated far into the night concerning their next move and to what extent they should continue their campaign against AnahNakaNoah’s retreating army.  Opinions were split.  Dungie and the Westerners were eager to pursue the contest to the finish, invading the Southlands and forcing Pharaoh’s surrender or death.  NoahDodanim, King Philip, and those from the eastern lands wished only to secure the territories west to where the Aosolagessa River emptied into the Southern Sea, and southeast to TittenShobontii.
After patiently listening at some length to differing arguments concerning the future actions of the army, Cothath and KroTonkinBSondie stepped from the shadows.  Together, the two men explained the coming actions of their people and what they were willing to still do.
“The Lady, Dancing Stones, did promise our people that peace was to abound if they did listen to her voice and bring war against this evil crowd.  That is what we have done.  And now our goddess, the White Beast-Master and Witch of Light, has recommended that peace will come from Iam if we take only the land west to the great river waters and east to the sea harbor city.  We believe it wisdom to listen and pay heed to the goddess.  Do not anger the gods who have fought beside us.”
Waving his hands about as he spoke, Cothath went on to tell the company what his people were going to do.  “The breezes of summer fill our nostrils with concern, for short is the season for growing our foodstuffs and the spring gathering has already gone and we have no dried, bitter herbs or leafy onions yet prepared for the upcoming, long winter.  The sacrifice of my people has already been great and the battle not won without loss to us.
“Tomorrow, the women and children of our land, the old men and tired, and others in need shall begin the journey homeward.  We go to bury those who have died, delivering victory to your world, and to plant whatever the season still permits us to have for harvest time.  The gathering of wood and preparing of our homes must begin soon or there will be no warm hearth for our brave warriors to return to or food to fill their hungry bellies.”  He pointed toward the Mozerathas’ encampments.  “The army of our great tusked beasts and our cavalry of camels shall remain to provide support, as well as our young and fearless warriors.  To the river west and to the city east, we shall remain with your people.”
KroTonkin now spoke up.  “The hour is growing late, the sun gaining in strength to its greatest power.  My people must return to the northern mountains, to the Ice Caves of MaNorsanee and mine the copper stone.  Short is the season we can work it before the winter snows close the passes and freeze the rivers, and many ships must be filled before then.  The kings of the eastern lands are in great need of this wealth and we have made many promises to deliver upon their wishes.
“Tomorrow, we will go back to our lands.  I shall remain with the sons of Tiras and Elishah, the men of my blood and my cities.  Many are their camels, and valiant with bravery they are, too, fierce with swords and spears of bronze, made in the furnaces of our secret places.  They will stay with you until all the worlds promised by the great witch are delivered into your hands.”
There was some grumbling among a few of the captains, but Javan understood too well the fragile confederacy that existed between these wild outlanders.  Loyal they were, but only to a point.  This was their limit, and no persuasion could be afforded them to change their minds.  Sodasonie had sealed their loyalty with her words.  Loved and feared she was by the northern people, more so than even Dancing Stones.  Once conquest was fully accomplished, the Mozerathas might linger to secure the region, and might possibly leave a small portion of their army here to protect against future assaults, but in no way would they pursue a state of war beyond the limits placed upon them by the Lady’s words.
Javan finally put an end to any further discussion.  Spreading his hands out wide, palms down, he addressed the gathering.  “My brothers, long has been the moot this night.  Wisdom has abounded across this table, but I must decide our destiny.  I believe that the Lady speaks with wisdom, and she has told me that she has seen the face of Iam and spoken directly to him about this matter.  I trust her words are more than truth, because I believe that Iam will make them truth, thus no man may destroy their truth.
For this reason, I will trust to her recommendations and seek to secure the worlds north and east of the Southern Sea, leaving the Fates to decide whatever future will befall AnahNakaNoah and the Hormaxian priests skulking in his shadows.”
He then issued orders to his captains.  “In the morning, we shall break camp.  My son, NoahDodanim, shall head an army of some six thousand light infantry, moving west toward the great river’s mouth.  Accompanying him will be StobattanThornbirge and his camel cavalry, my Dodanimian guard of some six hundred mounted lancers, and one hundred of the Mozerathas’ tusked beasts with their tall battlements.
“Speed is of the essence, because it is over one hundred leagues to the river.  The light infantry may make twenty miles in a day, so I depend upon the cavalry to secure the territories ahead of them, leaving behind small companies until infantry can arrive to garrison the areas.  I believe the army will move quite quickly, reports from our sky ships being that the land is nearly devoid of Pharaoh’s organized military.  What has been found of them are disorganized companies of refugees hightailing it west as fast as may be.
“Also, there should be little to fear of Pharaoh’s army sent north and west from Megiddo, especially since its defeat in the upper Bantoowazzi and the death of General Hydropholius.  What remains of the retreating army is scattered across a thousand miles of wilderness after finding their escape south closed off along the lower Bantoowazzi.  JerinThornbirge’s thousands of camel cavalry are still in hot pursuit of what little is left intact of that army so, in the west, I believe it will be little more than a secure and hold operation.
“The remainder of the army shall take to the southern roads, King Philip at its head.  Cothath and KroTonkin are to lead the advance with their fearsome, tusked beasts.  With them shall go our remaining cavalry to act as scouts and to hold the flanks.  Behind will follow the Atlanticians and the bulk of the Dodanimian army.  I will remain at this city for the moment, along with five thousand of our infantry and five hundred of our cavalry.  Should the contest become heated, then I will deliver reinforcements to those in need.
“And” Javan smiled, “news came to me this day that AnahNakaNoah’s Sibbleian battle fleets have been virtually destroyed by the SinoAlSian Confederacy, and that his two major western seaports are now under their control.  Behind them comes a landing force of many thousands.  They have a personal grudge to settle with AnahNakaNoah.  I do not control their destiny, but the Dragons are waiting upon what we have decided and will deliver that information to them.”
There were still those who disagreed with Javan and wanted to push on toward the south after seizing the surrounding territories, especially the Westerners.
StobattanThornbirge was not at all pleased.  “My people have been plagued for many years by this evil tyrant, our blood being used up to protect our brothers in the east!  Today is our day of victory, and now we must bring it to a finish!  Pharaoh’s army is little more than a shadow of itself and his people all but ready to rebel.  We must press on past the great river and join forces with my brother and all the western kindred.  Pharaoh must be crushed so that he will never rise to power again.”
Dungie and other younger captains agreed.
Javan cautioned them, “The Lady has given us the promise of peace - peace for our wives, our children, and yes, our children to come and their children yet to come.  It is wisdom to listen to the Lady.”
Dungie argued, shaking his head, “Words! The Lady speaks words but little more.  She rides in glory, but our people do the bleeding!  She leads this great host at your side, but it is the families of Dodanim in the north that bring salvation to us.  Our might, our blood, have won this victory, with little real help from the Sky Children other than to receive the chants and incantations, and, oh yes, their praise after we have received great loss through slaughter.  Remember, please, your daughter, my sister, whose body still lies buried in the stinking mud of the Bantoowazzi.  It was her soul that was taken from us on that day.  Her blood was shed, not the Lady’s, protecting our people.”
Javan readily understood the sorrow welling up from deep within Dungie’s heart.  OriththeaStar was the youngest of Javan’s children, Dungie’s only full sibling.  The boy loved his sister dearly, showering his attention upon her during more peaceful times.  For this reason, he did not chastise his son for his impetuous accusations regarding Sodasonie’s motives.  Javan’s reply, though polite, spoke passionately of the woman divine.  “My heart, too, is filled with deep regret and remorse over the loss of my daughter, but not only my daughter.  It is for all who surrendered up life and limb to defeat the evil that arose in our land.  I wish to see this despicable abomination cast into to the pit and be forever burned!  That is my wish, but it is not realistic.  Might I myself not have acted in such abhorrent ways should the slaves of Hormax have shared their hypnotic intercourse with me?  Who am I to judge the heart of every man…I, a man whose very birth was also cast in sin?
“No, Pharaoh will have his day in court and be judged by a far more righteous person than I.  His day is coming.  For now, for me, I and my people will listen to the voice of the Lady.  She has seen the face of Iam.  She has been to the worlds beyond the edge of time…worlds I have only glimpsed in her dreams.”
All those standing around the table looked up in surprise at those words, but said nothing, possibly fearing the reply to their questions should they ask.  They remained silent, waiting to hear further the words of their king and leader.
“If the Lady says we shall have peace by following her recommendations, she has the power to make it happen.  In her hands rests the might to make the world stand still, to make darkness become light, and to raise up the slain and advance them upon their enemies.  She will not tell us a lie.”
He slowly shook his head.  “For my part, for my people, our war against the other sons of our father Noah ends to the south and west where the Lady has suggested.  As for the others, the Kings Thornbirge, King Philip, or all the other chieftains from the northern, eastern, and western lands, do they not decide for themselves what will be done?”
King Philip spoke up, nodding with approval.  “Atlanticia will also respect the wishes of the Lady.  She and the Witch Dragons have not led us astray.  War is a fine thing if one does not care how much pain must be inflicted upon those winning the contest.  Few are the sons of my people who have sacrificed their souls to attain such a great victory as we have this day, one I must say there is no shame in claiming.  Should the remainder of this campaign be so kind to us…”
Some of the other chieftains agreed, others remained silent.  StobattanThornbirge was definitely unhappy, but did not speak up.  Dungie was not pleased with his father’s decision either, but chose to not argue anymore.  Besides, tomorrow was another day.  There would be another war council, and another and so forth until the enemy was conquered in these lands.  Only the future Fates could tell what might come along to alter the choice for war and battle.  Dungie would wait for that future.

*    *    *


Section 29

Valley of Deep Shadow

The following days passed swiftly.  To the west, there was little confrontation with the enemy.  Other than an occasional company of wayward soldiers being caught unawares in their retreat, no one stood the path of NoahDodanim’s army.  The great distance to the river thwarted an attempt for rapid conquest even though the infantry was making about twenty miles a day.  Then there was the garrisoning of the captured cities, slowing the advance.  Still, progress was good, the cavalry far out ahead and making quick time.
To the east, the army was within twelve leagues of TittenShobontii.  The enemy did little more than commit themselves to a rearguard action, with an occasional foray north with its cavalry, and this more to slow the inevitable conquest by Javan’s army.  Reports from scouts and spies spoke of countless thousands being loaded upon ships and boats to be taken out to sea and down to mainland southern ports, or transported aboard smaller boats and packets to be ferried through the tidelands and into the inland sea to make escape.
Reports also came to Javan that the TittenShobontii deep-water harbor was filled with tall-masted sailing ships waiting to load their precious, living cargo… for a price, of course.  It was told that many a Phoenician ship headman was queued up beside Egyptian and Casluhim ships they had recently warred against.  But that was yesterday.  As far as most sea headmen were concerned, the war was over for them, money was to be made...honest money, and there was no need to hinder such reward by remembering earlier hostilities.
Javan smiled to himself when hearing news, muttering under his breath, “Given enough time, there’d be no army left for us to fight, and all the gold in the land of Pharaoh would be in the hands of other scoundrels.”
He then wrote out parchments for the couriers to deliver to his captains.  ‘Push the enemy only to their works outside the harbor city.  There we shall wait a little while so the peoples choosing to flee just might.  It is fewer mouths for us to feed, and a good reward for the sailors who sacrificed to keep Atlanticia out of the hands of Pharaoh’s navy.  Our spoil is not the people but this land and all the riches found within it.’
Truth be said, in those days the western lands of Japheth, ruled over by Javan, son of Dodanim, were comprised of countless little tribes, their rulers paying symbolic homage to their king.  This very loose confederation of minor states lived as they saw fit, carrying on peaceful intercourse with their fellow states to the degree that pleased them.  When trouble brewed between clans or tribes, or when there arose a common threat, the people would appeal to Javan, son of Dodanim, son of the High Dragon, Noah, and goddess-queen Aphrodite, wife of Noah.

(Author’s note: Much has been said about a certain group of these people, generally known as the ‘Phoenicians’, most of it unfounded and incorrect.  Although blood kin to many people known to history...the Philistines, Tyrians, and later the Carthaginians...the true Phoenicians were an independent, secretive lot who guarded their landed estates and sea routes with tenacious zeal.  Only to the children of Noahashonie did they ever give their full allegiance and that lasting down through the end of the evil times.  From the days of Hiram until the time of Pharaoh Nechoh, many Hebrew colonies were established in the secret lands of the Phoenicians, the land of Ophir, their descendants eventually being absorbed into the countless tribes scattered throughout that land.  It has also been said that the Knights Templorenie allied themselves with Phoenician descendants to deliver unwitting persons to a secret land the Templorenie called ‘New Jerusalem’.  More will be said regarding these tales at a later time.)

Javan had just received word saying that EpiphanOida was carrying his child, a son, or so said Hilga. The man was overjoyed to think himself so blessed to be fathering a child, and through the Great Daughter Dragon, Dancing Stones, no less.  His mind raced with future dreams of having such a wise and powerful ruler as this offspring to sit the throne of Dodanim.  Who better qualified to carry the sons of Javan the Elder, father of Dodanim, into the coming age of peace?
After sending his couriers away, Javan began to prepare to take his leave to join up with the army in its march toward TittenShobontii.  With him would go a company of his fastest light cavalry.  If the day remained favorable, they would make the rear elements of the southern army before sunset.  If possible, he would gather the chiefs and captains together for a council later this night.  Taking an early lunch would put the company on the road before the noon hour, giving them a good start on the journey.
They were not ten miles on the road toward TittenShobontii when Javan reined in KiiCue, halting the company.  Tearing up the road ahead with clods of dirt, while raising a cloud of dust in his wake, a lone rider was whipping his mount in a frothing run.  Javan had to shout out a warning while wildly waving the rider to stop, the rider not recognizing him.  Nearly passing them by in his haste, the man yanked back so hard on his mount that the horse nearly spilt itself and rider onto the roadway.
Wild-eyed, the messenger shouted out excitedly while handing Javan a script, “King Phillip’s horse has taken a spill and the king is gravely wounded!  He asks for your company, fearing there is little time to reach him should he still be alive!”
Without hesitation, Javan ordered up a new horse for the rider and then took up the reins in haste, with hope that the report was not as bad as had been delivered to him.  Although time was heavy upon them, the company did ease the pace so as not to kill their mounts such as the courier had done, it having to be dispatched from being run to death.
There was the fact also that the company rode in enemy territory.  Should this be a trap or if they just happened upon a marauding band, the animals needed to be sufficiently rested to carry on a battle with them.  So it was that five hours lapsed before the company arrived at King Philip’s tent.  Dismounting quickly, Javan was led in to the king as he lay resting on his bed at death’s door.
“I am kilt…”  Philip whispered in a weak, shaky voice as he lifted his hand in greeting.
Javan bent down beside Philip, taking his hand while shaking his head.  “Do not be too hasty about death, my friend.  We have healers amongst us, Dragons with great powers.  They will not allow this evil to steal your soul away.”
Coughing bloody spittle, Philip laughed shallowly, smiling, “It is the Dragons who have told me I am a dead man and to seek out your counsel before I die, though I needed no Dragon to tell me, for I am such a person myself.  I know the signs all too well.  This day, my friend, will be my last to see.  Tomorrow…well, tomorrow will be far away.”
Tears welled up in Javan’s eyes.  There was little to say but words of regret.  Bowing his head, he mourned, “How evil the lives of men!  A shadow on the mist and then quickly forgotten.  Like a father you have been to me…teacher, mentor and guiding hand after my own father passed beyond the fields of the living.”
Before Javan could speak further laments, Philip reached up with his other hand and hushed him.  “My son, upon a horse of war I have ridden to my death and glory.  I have died a man as a man like me should die, with sword in hand and an enemy at his front.  My greatest fear was to depart these worlds, withered and sickly in a bed of perfumed roses while virgins sang my praises to the gathered crowds in the streets below.”  He lowered an eyebrow, staring passionately into Javan’s face.  “A warrior I have always been, fighting the likes of Hormax.  I remember that man, worthless worm!  Could have killed him long ago, but our mother would have none of that, so I let him live.  But his degenerate-slime followers, the priests, I have hunted down and slaughtered without mercy!”
Dropping his hand, exhausted, Philip breathed, quietly resting, closing his eyes to conserve energy.  At length, he smiled again.  “In my visions upon my bed, I have seen the darkness that will flood over this world.  The age of men is upon us, the Dragons to become little more than shadowy myths and tales in children’s stories.  In my dread, I cried out to Iam to not forget us so that the world must perish in fire and ash.”
He opened his eyes.  They gleamed as he revealed, “Iam has allowed me to see the Great Dragon Witch before I journey off into the shadow-lands.  My soul is refreshed to know that the fire of the Spirit Stones will not die out completely.  I can now go to my final rest, at peace and satisfied with years, knowing the evil of Hormax will always be checked by a most powerful arm.”
Squeezing Javan’s hand and asking him to lean close, Philip confessed a dark and heavy secret.  “Our mother, Aphrodite, was birthed to carry the Spirit Stones to the ending day.  She has not the heart to do such a thing and cried it out to me oh so many ages ago.  I feared there would - could be no other.  Even Dancing Stones did not the power have to carry such a heavy weight.
“But your young girl, the Daughter Dragon Witch, made by the hands of Iam himself, and given to you as a wife, has the power.  I have seen it and been told such by the Queen of the Dragons herself, the star-child, Sodasonie.  Tell no one, not even the girl.  Ever are the Evil Worm and his henchmen seeking that special person, for they do know the prophecies.  Better it is the girl does not come to know until the proper day is upon her.”
After a lengthy coughing spell, King Philip uttered his final words.  “When the evil howls its last defiance, as its true master leads it in the ending war, you and I shall stand again, side by side, upon the battlements of the holy city.  Our swords will bring to a finish forever the wickedness manifest in secret so long ago.  Then to the kingdom of glory shall you and I both journey to see the face of Iam and receive his blessing.  I have seen it and know it to be so.”  Philip closed his eyes and drifted off into a deep, peaceful sleep.
Javan remained there into the night, holding the king’s hand.  By the calling of the morning watch, King Philip was dead.

It took seven days for embalmers to prepare King Philip’s body for the return to Atlanticia.  Prince NardukeNoahTarshish was going to Atlanticia with his great grandfather to receive the crown of rulership over the city and its vast territories.  Javan decided to accompany the funeral procession back as far as the Megiddo plains and east to where the mountain road to Atlanticia parted from the Eastern Pike.
There were many things needing tending to before the seven days ended that kept Javan very busy.  He had several councils with his captains, placing NazhionDodanim, his second eldest living son, in charge of the army until his return.  Nazhion was some seventy summers old and well-respected among the northern tribes of Japheth.  Being born of RebeccaBethel, daughter of Bethel, grandson of Tarshish, and great granddaughter of Elishah, and also being of the true blood of Dodanim through his father, Javan, Nazhion carried the kingly right of the family in the eyes of the people even more so than NoahDodanim.
Besides this, Nazhion was a wise and competent leader.  His counsel was rarely missing from the moots during this war against AnahNakaNoah, and his words carefully considered.  So, with Nazhion in the East and Noah in the West, Javan was quite confident he could be away for a few days.  The army was in good hands, that is, except for one disquieting note.
On the sixth day, Javan gathered his officers and ally chieftains for one final war council before his departure.  At this meeting, Prince Narduke stood to speak, telling the entire council that he had chosen to have Javan’s son, Dungie, take command of his Atlantician army in his absence.  Seeing that the prince’s leave could be of lengthy duration, and noting that Dungie was yet untested as to commanding such a large host, Javan requested the prince reconsider his proposal and select one of his Atlantician captains to take command.
Prince Narduke would not hear of that, threatening to remove his army from the scene if his desires were not satisfied.  Fearing a schism in the ranks of his army, Javan consented under the condition that Dungie understood that Nazhion was commander overall and that he, Dungie, was to obey Nazhion’s general orders for the army.  Dungie was far too eager to accept the terms and conditions laid upon him to pacify Javan’s spirit, but there was little else for it.  Like it or not, Dungie was now chieftain over a very formidable military force, with little to restrain his actions.
The issue settled for good or ill, Javan decided to take his leave.  He would depart that evening with his trusted company of soldiers and return to PoChakkahPeha, report being made to him that EpiphanOida was residing there in a former constable’s house.  Along with him would go Cothath and his two companions, Susannah and Lumdon.  Javan hoped to make moot with the Dragons when he arrived.

Report came to Javan shortly after his entering PoChakkahPeha that the remains of his daughter, OriththeaStar, had been found, the girl’s bejeweled girdle belt identifying the body to be hers.  Odethbethel immediately made preparations to depart for the Bantoowazzi to assist in the funerary arrangements.  Javan attempted to dissuade Odethbethel, suggesting she journey north with him in following days with King Philip’s funeral procession.  Odethbethel would have none of that.  She was determined to assist with preparing her daughter’s body to make sure all was proper.  Once more she must see and touch her child.  No matter the ruined state of the girl’s flesh, the child’s spirit must find its rest through a mother’s touch.
Secretly Javan wished that he, too, could pay such a visit upon his daughter, but time and obligation did not allow him the luxury.  He quietly acquiesced.  Odethbethel would leave with her entourage at the rising of the sun.  Javan decided to remain with his wife until she departed the following day, seeking to offer her as much comfort from him as she desired.

The sun was high above the mountains before Javan made his way to the house where EpiphanOida languished in her pregnancy, having journeyed some miles north with Odethbethel that morning before returning to the city.  Upon his arrival, Hilga pulled Javan aside to provide as much information as possible so that he would not be troubling EpiphanOida with too many trivial questions.
Dancing Stones, she said, was over a month into her pregnancy, becoming so when she and Javan were still deep in the northern wilderness.  “She has spoken aloud about a curse of magic stones and incantations upon her child when her feverish nightmares have chased the woman into waking visions.  Tormented she has been, as if walking in two worlds at once, not able to tell this world from that.  She calls out to Wenonah, the Woman in the Whispering Waters, at those times, begging to have her soul taken in death for all the discomfort.”  Hilga further explained, “When the fever has passed, the pain eases and the visions quiet, but she is left exhausted and so very weak.  She does pine for you, that I know, for in her dreams many times she has cried out your name and begun to weep for your touch.”
Concerned, Javan asked, “Does my lover find death’s door near?  Will she recover?  Will my child live?”
Hilga smiled, “Dancing Stones is healthy and well, or as well as can be expected.  Sick?  Yes, but not to the point of risking death.  A troubled pregnancy?  Yes, but not one that risks life of mother or child.  These things I know because I have tended to the woman’s needs these several days since the pregnancy was discovered.”
Javan thanked Hilga for the information she provided, saying nothing about magic stones or incantations.  He understood all too well the possible tumult the Eden Stones may have heaped upon a human body, even one as strong as EpiphanOida’s.  And the stress the woman’s uncontrolled visions cast upon an unborn child little more than an embryo, one could only guess.
Shaking her head, Hilga warned, “Dancing Stones has been taking some liquid nourishment and is gaining back in strength and weight, but bony and frail she does still appear.  Do not fear for her health.  Long she could not eat and skinny she has become, but that is changing quickly.  I feel that soon she will be up and about...in a week or so.  When she has recovered sufficiently, she has requested to be returned to Castle Dodanim to finish off her days there and give birth to her child in that city.”
At that, Javan took his leave to visit EpiphanOida.
The room was shaded and dark to the point where Javan stood, silently waiting for his eyes to adjust so that he might not stumble as he moved across the floor.  In time, he could discern a posted bed with a heavy tick upon which were placed many blankets.  Upon the blankets lay a form in the shape of a woman, naked and glistening with sweat.  Javan almost gasped when he came to the realization that this bony creature lying there was EpiphanOida, his most comely of lovers.
EpiphanOida called out to Javan in a voice weak but filled with anxious hope, “Is that you, my lover-king?  Have you finally arrived to greet your servant girl and mother of your holy son?”
Javan stepped forward, reaching out to take EpiphanOida’s hand, shedding tears of joy.  “Oh my Dear One, how is it you have blessed me with such a gift, a man of straw and so unfit to even be close to one like yourself?  I agonize over your disquieting illness, but rejoice so much over this indescribable gift!”
EpiphanOida slowly shook her head, “Do not consider me so righteous.  Had this not been your child, I would have cast it from me like some abomination because of the suffering it has caused me!”  She lied, and Javan knew it, but it did help him understand the agony she was in.
After some quiet expressions of endearment, EpiphanOida confessed her haunting concerns.  “I have dreamed visions of the Eden Stones while our child grew, nestled deep within me, having no knowledge of his existence out of my own unwillingness to accept the signs of my pregnancy.  I did nothing to protect him from their power, but let their energy fill me to overflowing.  Now I fear the glory of the Stones may have ruined the child’s mind, and in madness he must live out his life.”
Although secretly concerned about this, himself, Javan was nothing but reassuring.  “It will all be fine.  The child is well and healthy.  Hilga, herself, told me as much.  She finds no deformity in him whatsoever.  Besides, the Lady would have known of your pregnancy even if she did not speak of it.  Nothing she said to us about it, but encouraged us to use the Stones to save our people.”
EpiphanOida argued back, “The Lady would have allowed the child to die as an abomination, if need be, to save this world.  The power of the Stones had to be released, and you and I were destined to do that at any cost to us or those we love.”  Still, the thought that Sodasonie had remained silent concerning the matter was somewhat comforting to her.
Taking Javan’s hand, EpiphanOida placed it upon her belly.  “See,” she exclaimed, beaming with motherly satisfaction, “already he wiggles in anticipation of his birth!  So long it has been since I have felt life growing within me.  Never did I believe I would do so again.  It is a wonderful feeling, especially since it is a child of yours.  So much like your father you are.  It is as if he delivered this blessing upon me, himself.”
For some time, the two remained silent, Javan’s heart leaping with joy each time he felt the tiniest of little wiggles, and EpiphanOida sighing in silent satisfaction at having her most dear lover at her side, the warmth of his hand so soothing to her flesh.
The remainder of the day, the two spent together.  In the evening, enough strength came upon EpiphanOida for her to be able to sit beside Javan on a cushioned divan to watch the sun slowly sink beyond the western mountains.  When darkness fell, the two took to each other’s arms for a long, peaceful night’s rest.  Even though being sickly, EpiphanOida needed the touch and romance of her lover, so she just made Javan take her.
“So much I must have your soul within me this night so that we may be one again, to share our child as one,” was the woman’s impassioned pleading.  When Javan expressed his concerns regarding her tender condition, he dared not refuse her request.
Whatever physical discomfort the woman endured, she refused to mention.  There was an occasional groan of upset, but the feel of her lover’s manliness within her, his gentle touches, kisses and sweet words of affection were of greater worth than any distress she may have suffered.  Together the morning’s light found the two, fast asleep, still locked in one another’s embrace.

*    *    *

The funeral procession stopped at PoChakkahPeha some four days after Javan’s arrival.  Staying there only one day, it was soon on the road north.  Little remained of the ruin created when the Dodanimian forces crushed Pharaoh’s great army.  Gone were the dead, their bones scattered to the wind, never to be buried.  Broken wagons were long since burned for cooking fires, and any remaining arms, fighting gear, and camp equipment gathered up for use or taken as spoil.  The six day wait for the cloud to lift had permitted a great deal of scavenging by the idle army, something Javan had quietly approved of.
The weather was pleasant, the slow pace to Javan’s liking.  Beside him rode Noahashonie and Tuosolmerica.  After hearing King Philip’s warning, Javan had been apprehensive about allowing the girl out of his sight, making arrangements to have a trusted guard with her at all times.  Privately, he had talked with Tuosolmerica, revealing his concerns regarding Noahashonie without giving away any secrets.  ‘Tuosol’, as she was commonly called by her close acquaintances, agreed to remain at the girl’s side for as long as may be.
It was on the fourth day since leaving PoChakkahPeha that the funeral procession came to the road heading away from the East Pike toward the mountain passes leading to Atlanticia.  At the parting of the roads, Javan set ablaze a great pillar of remembrance for his dear friend, Philip, celebrating far into the night with dance and song the life and successes of this Great Dragon.  In the early morning, when the sun first peeked its face over the eastern mountains, the now king-apparent, NardukeNoahTarshish, lifted his hand in peaceful farewell as he departed on the road home.

Just past the noon hour, when Javan’s people were breaking camp, a lookout reported a large army in columns coming down the East Pike from the direction of Mounds.  Having seen wisps of smoke on the distant horizon after leaving the valley along the South Pike and taking to the Northeast Passage, Javan assumed the fate of Mounds and half expected to see the army of Ogallala before his journey ended.  It was with this anticipation that Javan waited with his company as dust clouds created by the approaching host neared.
In time, the lead column of the army came into sight.  Soon Javan recognized Ogallala’s chieftain, Baalath, commanding the front.  He was holding high a standard with what appeared to be a head stuck upon its sharpened point.  Beside him walked another man, he, too, carrying a pointed standard with a head skewered on it.  Saying not a word, Javan braced himself for the coming encounter.
When Baalath recognized Javan, he shouted out a hearty salutation while waving his standard.  Javan waved a greeting of peace in return, remaining silent.  When they had drawn near, Baalath handed his standard over to another soldier and proceeded to embrace Javan with a warm hug and kiss upon his cheek.  Motioning toward the men on the road, Baalath loudly exclaimed, “We have brought down the demon horde, taking as spoil the heads of the evil worm, ZambbalbaNubie, and his wicked brother, General TyzbombeaNubie, as well rescuing our remaining people and taking many prisoners of war!”
Baalath called on his army to stop, inviting Javan to witness the victory spoils of his conquest.  Javan quietly walked down the long row of wagons filled with riches and loot, and along the seemingly endless lines of shackled prisoners.  Naked were many of them…women, children, old men…bruised and beaten by the vengeful victors.  Well did Javan understand the animosity that filled the hearts of these people.  After all, Ogallala had received even worse treatment, its own people herded off as prisoners to be brutalized and sacrificed, many of them being led along by hooks piercing their flesh.
Deeds and wicked acts of Mounds must be accounted for.  This Javan accepted, but such vengeance as was being meted out to these people would never do.  It would lead his own nation down the same perverted path of those who worshiped the gods of Horus.  He must do something to prevent this folly from entering his land, but must do it in a way so that Baalath did not lose his dignity.  A lesson must be taught to his people, to Baalath, that would cause his people to willingly accept it.
Noahashonie had accompanied her husband as he walked along with Baalath.  Looking over at her, Javan paused, thinking.  He turned to Baalath, asking, “Since to you I offered this opportunity to gain your revenge, may I take for myself a small treasure as reward for my generosity?”
Feeling it a reasonable request, Baalath smiled and, waving his hand across the field of spoil, offered Javan his heart’s desire.  Thanking him, Javan turned to Noahashonie and whispered something in her ear.  Smiling, the girl nodded and began to make a search among the prisoners for her reward.
As Noahashonie picked her way among the shackled women and children, Javan explained to Baalath, “I have been in such haste since my marriage to this girl that I did completely forget to provide her with an attendant to care for her needs.  She has hounded me these many days hence to distraction, saying I do not love her like my other wives, for I have not provided her with anyone.”
Baalath nodded, grinning, understanding the way of women and wives.
At length, Noahashonie called to the guards for the release of two people, sisters by their appearance, without mother or father.  Soon the naked orphans were standing in front of Javan and Baalath.  One appeared to be about nine years or so, the other possibly Noahashonie’s age.
Javan looked down sternly at the children.  In their native tongue, he asked, “What are your names and where are your parents?”
The oldest answered, her knees trembling with fright, saying her name was ‘Swalhawena’, and her sister was ‘Tosombabanna’.  The girl went on to explain that both their mother and father died during the siege of the city.
Javan then asked, pointing at Baalath, “Do you know who this man is and why your city was burned?”
Frightened and shaking, Swalhawena shook her head, tears filling her eyes.
Javan answered, “This is Baalath, chieftain over the city of Ogallala, the city from which Priest ZambbalbaNubie took the many people that were delivered to your city a little while ago.  Do you remember seeing those people when they came to your city?”
Swalhawena slowly nodded that she had.
“Chieftain Baalath had a daughter much like you who was murdered by the men of your city when they came and took away his people.  It made him very sad, like you are sad now.  You are sad?”
The girl began to cry.
“Chieftain Baalath, as sad as he was, made a promise to the other fathers and husbands of his city to go and free their people.  He also brought down the head of Priest ZambbalbaNubie because he murdered women and children upon stones to evil gods.  Do you know that he did such things?”
Frightened, tears streaming down her face, Swalhawena again nodded.
“Priest ZambbalbaNubie will never hurt any children again.  Still, many people have been made sad by all that has happened.”
Javan now spoke to a surprised and confused Baalath who understood enough of the girl’s language to grasp the conversation.  “Come, my friend, the hour is late and the sun high.  The journey is still far and you must take some refreshment with me before you continue.  Let these people take a rest so that they do not give out and you lose your treasure.  If you haven’t enough foodstuffs for these people, I have a little to share with you in my camp.”
Baalath accepted Javan’s offer to recline for a meal.  He also gave the prisoners food and time to take a rest.  As his army broke ranks to refresh themselves, he went to Javan’s camp to eat and take counsel.  Along with them went Noahashonie and her two new attendants.
As the various groups scattered across the lush green fields surrounding them, Javan sat down before a newly kindled fire next to Baalath, making small talk and listening to the man describe the contest for Mounds.  As they waited for the cook to prepare their vittles, Noahashonie brought her new attendants out.  Much to Baalath’s surprise, Javan’s young wife hurried and obtained a kettle, filled it with water and set it upon the crackling blaze.
While the water was heating, Tuosolmerica arrived to examine the two girls.  When she was finally satisfied that the children were little worse for wear, she departed to later return with some powder that she tossed into the warming water.  When the kettle began to steam, Noahashonie took it from the fire and placed it down in front of the girls.  Then, in a most unbelievable act, she took a cloth and, dipping it in the steaming water, began to bathe the children.
As she cleaned away their filth, Noahashonie crooned and mused like a mother over a newborn baby.  She made the girls stand to give each a thorough washing.  When finished, Tuosolmerica returned with salve to spread on their bruises and cuts.  After this, she and Noahashonie dressed the children in some of their own clothing.  Later, when the cook had finished preparing the meal, Swalhawena and Tosombabanna were fed along with the others, even given bowls and utensils to eat with.
Baalath said nothing, silently eating, but Javan knew what was on the man’s mind.  Finally, after allowing him time to satisfy a hungry stomach, Javan began a lengthy tale.
Leaning back, he stared into the blue sky.  “It was on a day much like this that my mother, RehabAboni, delivered me to this spot on a visit to RootHarrow, home of her birthing, a city at the mouth of the Bantoowazzi River.  About a hundred and twenty summers ago that was.  It was so strange a tale that she told me that day, one I can never forget.
“I watched, amazed, as my mother’s eyes filled with tears when she began to tell me a story of such valor and loss, I could not believe what my ears were hearing.  As she went on with her account, it was as if she was transported back to that awful day so many hundreds of summers in the past, beyond my time, to a time filled with such darkness and dread, it was believed by some the world would be consumed by unshackled evil.”
Baalath’s ears perked up, having never heard any of this account that Javan was spinning.
“My dear mother, her auburn hair filling with gray, always walked with a limp, one foot cocked slightly out to the left.  As she stood at these crossroads with me, she began to rub her leg as tears began to flow.  ‘Oh mother dear, whatever is the matter?’ I asked, my heart filled with concern, for I had never seen my mother cry, even when my father died.  She turned to me and began a weeping of song and sorrow the likes of which I remember to this day.
“It was the first day of the month of ShoSham, the month of the grain harvest.  Here, on this broad plain, was gathered the entire world of men from the Elder Days, three armies facing east, the army of men to the north, the army of Sky Children to the south, and here in the middle stood the army of Dragons, Noah and Aphrodite at its head.  Numberless was the crowd, like leaves in a heavy forest.
 “My mother, Rehab, then a young woman, stood beside her husband, Dodanim, my father, dressed in armor of birch, leather, and oak, a spear of hickory with a flint point being her only weapon of war.  Beside her and around her were the many Dragons of the earth, from every clan that lived upon the land.  Although mother was on foot, there was many a soldier mounted on beasts, great and small, fighting cats and bears from the north, giant tusked beasts, and camels and horses without number.
“Before this vast company stood the hordes of Hormax along with a countless number of giant Anakim, as well as thousands upon thousands of black warlocks, demon gods who were once brothers of the Sky Children.  Then there were the terrible, evil machines of the enemy, with wheels far taller than a man that could pitch flaming boulders many hundreds of feet or shoot limitless missiles down upon the people.
“My mother pointed toward the sky, saying it was filled with the most fearsome of flying machines built by the gods.  These machines could rain down fire and torment, blasting immense holes in the ground with their explosives, consuming dozens of soldiers in their blazing tempest.
“Noah gave his people the order to attack.  Like an angry rogue wave swept from the sea, the armies rolled forward, armies of Hormax doing the same.  It was at that moment, the navies of sky ships high above attacked, engaging each other as well as those fighting on the ground.
“My mother sat down on the bare earth and wept for many long minutes as I waited, perplexed, because I knew not how to comfort her.  At length, she stood and we slowly made our way along the East Pike, my ears constantly tingling from being filled with accounts of valor and demise, slaughter so great that one cannot imagine the magnitude.  I tell you, our battles with Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah were but skirmishes compared to the war that raged upon this plain at that time.
“For three days, the wild din of battle rang across these fields.  The sky became dark like night from the black, burning clouds of sulfuric stench and the smoking hulks of the ruined sky ships, choking out the sunlight.  Day was night and night was day.  On the first day, my mother lost two sisters and a brother, four cousins and an uncle, all Dragons.  The fields became slippery-wet with blood of the slain, both the good and evil.
“So many founders of this world fell in that battle as to ruin the powers of the Ancient Ones, their children having no elders to lean upon for wisdom...Madai, Togarmah, Elishah, Kittim, Put, Sheba, and so, so many others as well as their sons and daughters so as to make the streets of their cities echo with emptiness.  Indeed, entire clans ceased to exist on that day, the land depleted of their souls.  As my mother and I walked the road to the east, she would point here and there, recalling terrible and wonderful things.”
Baalath pondered aloud, “Can this really be?  It was so long ago and remembered through the eyes of an aging woman whose heart ached at the time with the recent loss of her husband.”
Javan glanced over at Tuosolmerica who had been quietly listening to Javan’s account.  “Is it really so as I have spoken, Tuosol?” he asked.
Tuosol stood, a shadow crossing her face.  “Too mildly he tells his tale.  I will not speak of that evil day other than to say I was there, a girl but in my teens.  Hilgiha, eldest granddaughter of our mother goddess, was torn asunder before my eyes, her blood spatter painting me red.  Her bloodied banner I took up and carried for the remainder of the battle.  Those are days I wish not to remember.”  She suddenly became overly concerned about the cleaning of some empty dinner bowls.
Baalath was shaken by the realization that here, standing among them, was one of the Ancients of legend.  After taking pause to grasp this revelation, he turned to Javan, asking, “Will you go on?  Please, tell me more of this tale!”
Javan smiled.  “It was on the third day of battle that our people gained the upper hand.  Those of the house of Hormax that could not flee were boxed into the valley that is south of Mounds.  It was in that valley where the final and most ferocious of the fighting took place.  There, in one of the final battle charges, our mother goddess, Aphrodite, was struck down by a fiery missile that burned her severely while killing the entire company she was leading.  It was also in that same battle charge Ham and his youngest son, Bantoowazzi, perished in the smoke and fire of flaming missiles.
 “Rumor said Ham felt shame for not protecting his father when Canaan seduced Noah during a drunken stupor and it drove the man to charge the battle to his death.  Whether it be so or not, Ham did die that third and last day of battle, leading a desperate charge against a most fearsome foe.  Mother told me that Noah became so distraught over the loss of Ham and all his other children, blaming this war upon himself for his curse of vengeance upon his rebel grandson and all the evils of Hormax, that he could never absolve himself of the guilt.  Soon after this last of what came to be called the ‘Aphrodite Wars’, Noah returned to Ararat, living out the remainder of his life in seclusion, a broken man.”
Javan waved his hand ever so casually. “It was most ironic to discover that Canaan did survive the battle, fleeing aboard a fast Egyptian ship back to lands in the east.  There, in later days, he was righteously slain by a man for his seduction of the man’s son.  And Hormax?  He never saw the battle, nursing a sickness in his home city of Memphis and unable to make the journey west to join in combat.”  Slapping his knee, Javan turned toward Baalath, confessing, “But the battle did serve a great and wonderful purpose, one that lives on down to this day.”
Baalath, his ears tingling to hear more, begged, “Tell me please, my brother, tell me all there is to tell.”
Javan laughed, “The day is not long enough nor, I doubt, the season to tell you all that happened during those three frightful days.  The short of it is that the suffering of loss was very great for all the armies that allied themselves against the evils of Samyaza and his demonic agents.  Among the army of men, women and Sky Children, the dead were counted in their tens of thousands.  But upon the Dragons and their kindred there fell the heaviest of battle charges, the enemy determined to exterminate their kind.
“So decimated were the ranks of the Dragons after gaining that awful victory, they could not even bury their own dead.  On the spot where Ham and his son had fallen, a great pit was dug by the machines of the Sky Children.  In it were lain the bodies of Ham and all the other Dragons and their kin, sons, daughters, husbands, and wives, young boys and old men, until the pile rose ever heavenward.  When all were laid to rest, a huge mound of earth was raised over them.
“All about this giant mound, many smaller mounds were erected, filled with the bodies of men and all their kindred.  The Sky Children gathered to themselves their own dead, filling countless sky ships for the long journey back to their home.  The demon dead were not treated so kindly, their carcasses gathered up and burned with fire like that of the sun, leaving only dust to be blown away by the wind.
“As for the enemy dead of humankind and the Anakim, their carcasses were left to remain where they had fallen.  For months, no mortal could stand the stench of this place, and for years, the bones of the enemy littered the land all about.  It was said the reason this valley plain is so rich with greenery down to this day is from all the rotting flesh and spilt blood that filled this valley from here all the way to the city of Mounds.”
Looking off to the east, Javan explained, “In the years following the slaughter, as the pain of battle waned in the hearts of the victors, a Temple Owhar or Tower of Talking Stones was built on the highest mound and some of the Dragons and Daughter Dragons settled down there.  In time, as more people gathered to that location, other buildings were constructed and then finally a wall was built surrounding them.  Eventually the city came to be called ‘Mounds’ for the peculiar hills found there.”
He waved his hand toward the survivors of Mounds.  “Even though they don’t know the history surrounding the city and the reason for its name, many of the prisoners you have with you are descendants of the men and Dragons who fought on the field that day.”
Javan apologized, “Now I’m ahead of myself.  Let me go back.  On the final day of battle, as my mother charged through the smoke and fire, still brandishing her wooden spear, a missile crashed directly in front of her, crushing bone and severing flesh.  It was only by chance that a Sky Child by the name of ‘Hoshoni’ - or at least that is what she recalled his name to be - gathered up the broken woman and hurried her away to a landed sky ship where witches worked what magic they could to save her life.”  He shrugged unhappily, “Being war, and everything in a rush, they were able to save her life and her leg, but did not have time or resources to fully repair it.  So she walked with a painful limp for the remainder of her life - her price, she said, for the reward of freedom.”
“What of the great and wonderful purpose?”  Baalath asked in growing anticipation.  “How has that long ago war benefited us down to this day?”
“Freedom, my friend!  Freedom!”  Javan exclaimed.  “That is the great and wonderful gift delivered to us through so much death and suffering!”
He stood, looking off in the direction of the sea, and then faced north and west toward his home of Castle Dodanim.  “You and I, we are free men.  We live as we see fit and die a death of our choosing.  Our lands are free, with no tax or tariff upon them.  Our wives are free women who speak out in our councils, and our children know no harm from any wicked, oppressive ruler.
“The evils of Hormax turn men into slaves, make them servants by force and drive them to labor for the rich and powerful.  Beautiful towers tall beyond height they build, cities of stone and fired brick with battlements as high as the hills to surround them are constructed for their glory, but by the bent backs of slaves and servants.  Imagine how hopeless it must feel to know that your life is to be filled with slavery and servitude all the days of it.”  He turned and stared at Baalath.  “Yet that is the way of Hormax and all who follow him.  Our land has never been polluted by such folly.  The reason?  Those countless thousands fought and died, resisting Hormax’ villainy, enslaving themselves unto death, so that we, their descendants, could remain living as free people.”
Laughter suddenly echoed across the camp.  The men looked over to see Noahashonie and the two girls having fun, painting each other’s faces and fingers.
Turning back to Baalath, Javan commented, “It takes little to ease the pain of defeat and even bitter loss.”  Baalath agreed.
Looking toward the other captives, Javan reflected, “When a battle is won against an enemy, the spoils go to the victor.  The choice of life or death is given into that man’s hand.  To the victor goes the law of choice.  Now, when the prisoner is taken, is not the choice to kill him or let him live left in the hand of the victor?  Is it not the same as when one catches a little animal in a trap, the choice of life or death being that of the victor?  Still, does the victor of the beast hold that beast trapped as a slave, or does he let it live or die to serve whatever purpose the victor chooses?  Now in the case of man, and the repayment of vengeance, the victor may choose the fate of the one taken in combat, but with a man, many more are the choices to be made than just life or death.
“I ask, does it seem fair that a man should suffer eternally for a lifetime of wicked acts?  These are found to be the teachings of many who serve unwholesome gods.  Eternal vengeance?  Better it would be to have never been born at all than to suffer such slavery!”
Clasping his hands behind him, Javan slowly rocked back and forth on his heels.  “A man who must pay for wicked deeds will be more disposed if he knows there is a fair time limit to his forced labor.  A servant unbound is more the servant than an enemy waiting a chanced moment of freedom.  A child born of a free man should also be free, should he, even though his mother be a servant?  And should the love be even sweeter when the servant woman is free to choose the arms of the man she is with?  A shackle binds the flesh, a gentle but firm hand binds the heart.”
Javan stood still, slowly shaking his head in wonder.  “How many of those people there have already been living a life enslaved to the evils of Hormax?  How many have given up child or lover to the gods upon altars built by evil men?  Is it possible that even without bonds that these people would run away, and to where?  And what of those who did?  I would think it easier to be master over a willing servant than one who seeks escape and revolt.”
He looked again at Baalath.  “My mother once told me that my father caught three thieves in the act of stealing his cattle.  One, the ringleader and a vile man, he hanged.  The other two he placed under forced labor for seven years, each knowing the time they must serve to repay their wicked deeds.  At the end of seven years, the two men were brought to my father.  To each man, my father gave a pardon and a small bag of silver coins so that they would not be found destitute upon the road and fall back into thievery.
“One man took the coins and departed toward the east to eventually become a sailor upon the sea.  The other man, known by the name ‘Templar’ came to love my father and this land and remained close to the city.”
Javan smiled, looking around.  “Many of my most loyal men here are descended from Templar, his influence so great that my guard has come to be known by his name, their love for me being as his was for my father.  The other man rose to the position of headman on a ship of tall sail.  It was the children of his children who fought against the forces seeking the destruction of Atlanticia.  Yet my father did not know these things when he chose the fates of those two men, or just how far-reaching his decisions would be.”
Looking up to the sky, Javan exclaimed, “How the time has gotten away from us!  If we do not part soon, the sun will go to hiding and we will be found upon the road in darkness.”  Patting Baalath on the shoulder, he offered, “Ogallala has suffered greatly from the evils of Hormax and it will take many days to heal body and heart.  I trust you will be successful, but I can provide you a little help.”
Baalath thanked him asking, curious, “It is not monies, is it?  For monies we need not.”
Javan shook his head, “No.  No monies do I have, but many hundreds of captives we have gotten, mostly young boys, confused and homesick, but strong and, I believe, willing to do some hard labor if they know they will be fed and cared for and given release in due time.  Are you willing to accept them from my hand to assist you in rebuilding your city under those terms?”
Baalath laughed, “You are a sly fox!  You spin a fine yarn, one I believe, or mostly do.  My friend, you have taught me a good lesson this day, one I will long remember.  I only pray that my spirit can be as understanding as yours.  Yes, I will accept your terms, and will do even more.”
At that, Baalath called some of his men to him, issuing orders.  “Go remove the shackles from those people.  Tell them to follow along with the guard and, if they are good, no more chains will they see.  Also dig from the wagons clothing and provisions so that they may have utensils to eat with and covering from the heat of the sun.  Tell them when we stop this night, that they will be given stuffs to mend up their injuries.”
He then turned to his second in charge.  “If you find any who are sickly or cannot walk, put them in the wagons.  Also, keep a close guard upon all the people, but if someone should sneak out in the night, do not hurry the chase with great determination.  It is better to let the rebel leave our midst than have his smoldering hatred linger so as to infect the others.”  After dismissing his officer, Baalath turned back to Javan, resting a hand on his shoulder.  “Wisdom is not lacking in your house, my friend.  I have learnt many things this day.”  Looking over the prisoners as they were being unshackled, he mused, “This is a handsome people.  Many of the women will make fine wives for those of my men who have lost theirs.  I will remember your words and trust to Iam your wisdom.  A free land this will stay.”
Javan followed behind Baalath until his party camped for the night.  Choosing not to waste any more time, he continued on in the darkness, hoping soon to meet up with Odethbethel and to also touch, for one last time, his sweet, darling OriththeaStar.

*    *    *

News of the discovery of OriththeaStar and funeral preparations for her finally reached Dungie’s ears.  Although passionately desiring to be there to assist with the funerary rituals particular to his people, he understood an officer’s responsibility.  After all, he was commander over the entire army of Atlanticians, which was only an ally attached through treaty to his father’s army.  Dungie could never give up command over such a great and powerful host to tend to the needs of someone already dead, even if that person was his dearly loved sister.
Though this was the case, it did not mean that Dungie was callous concerning his sister’s death and proper interment.  Quite the contrary, the boy dearly missed OriththeaStar, her laughter and her teasing touch.  Dungie loved her, and had more than once considered seeking her for a wife when the time was right.  Truth be said, there were the silent tears when he was secreted away in his private tent, but priorities were priorities, and leading the Atlantician army trumped them all.
Dungie had also found it peculiar that Prince Narduke had requested that he take command of the Atlanticians until his returning, or until heard from otherwise.  Narduke and Dungie had become quite close during this campaign against AnahNakaNoah, and shared similar views regarding the need to pursue this war to a finish, but still to offer this post to him, a yet unproven leader?  It was a puzzlement.
Prince Narduke, about twenty years Dungie’s senior, was a handsome, fit man who took to regular exercise and special dieting.  The man was also somewhat vainglorious, always primping and fussing over his attire to a fault.  Even on the battlefield, the man’s beard and long, curled locks were fragranced with the sweetest of alluring perfumes while he wore gloves and veiled clothing to protect his sensitive skin from the sun.
At night, when the world was at rest, things were a different matter.  Narduke enjoyed lounging around naked, a common practice of the day.  For the prince, it appeared more to be about his appearance and attracting attention rather than being comfortable and enjoying the night breezes flowing across his skin.  Well, why not?  The man was very good-looking and well fit.  He worked to take care of himself, so should he not be able to flaunt his handsomeness a little?  Dungie did like to look at him, and liked the way Narduke returned his gaze.
Prince Narduke had two young and very attractive wives who accompanied him on this campaign, remaining close to him, even riding beside him as he rode among his soldiers.  He also had a few servant girls and some young servant men.  Dungie found that the servant girls usually busied themselves with camp chores, making meals and tending to the needs of Narduke’s wives.  The men servants always assisted the prince and saw to his personal needs.
On the afternoon following Narduke’s public announcement to the army that Dungie, son of Javan, was to take up command, the prince had used the remainder of the pre-dinner hours to privately introduce his leading officers to Dungie and to give direction concerning his expectations and care for his army until his return.  After the dinner hour, he took to private consultation with Dungie.  At the end of their meeting and, after giving each other a manly hug and kiss, Narduke brushed his hand down Dungie’s face and gently spoke.  “You are a fine-looking fellow, and I am sure you will serve this army well.  I do look so much forward to our meeting again.”
Now, as he stood at the edge of the firelight looking out from his command tent, Dungie puzzled even more.  When Narduke departed, along with him went the younger of his two wives, his male servants and two of his servant girls.  His older wife, Nidgha, and two other servant girls remained behind.  To Dungie, that was peculiar enough, but then, only two nights after Narduke’s departure, Nidgha had quietly made her way to Dungie’s bed and seduced him with her unbridled passion and lovemaking abilities.
From that night forward, she remained near him, even openly flirting with him while in the presence of Narduke’s officers.  Not that Dungie felt any pangs of guilt.  In those days, among many of the clans of Dodanim, marriage was considered more of a bond or trust between a man and a woman, either party having the right to choose another’s bed should that be the way the heart took the person.  It was Nidgha’s flirtatious ways that troubled the man, she playing more the part of a practiced actor in a well-orchestrated play than having a serious romantic desire for Dungie’s attention.  Oh well, what of it.  The woman’s romantic arts were titillating to say the least, surpassing any other woman’s love he had ever experienced.
And this was only the suds on the ale.  All things were going well for Dungie at the moment.  The Atlanticians under Dungie’s supervision had pressed the enemy almost up to their outer fortifications, forcing NazhionDodanim to advance his forces sooner than may be to keep up.  It would only be a matter of days now, possibly one or two, before the enemy would have to surrender or be destroyed.  At least this is what Dungie would do if he could talk the others into it.
Just as he turned away from the curtained entrance, Dungie heard Nidgha’s haunting voice quietly calling out from the darkness.  “My Lord…  My Lord, please, your slave girl needs a moment.”
After a tender embrace and more than a little touching romance, Nidgha stepped back and cooed her desires for sharing her master’s bed.  Then, with a sad frown, she pointed off into the shadows.  “First, my wonderful Lord, there are people wishing to see our leader about a most important matter.  Do not be angry with your little Nidgha, but I could not say ‘no’ because they made it sound so pressing.”
It was Dungie’s turn to frown, his manly ardor ebbing as he saw growing passion denied.  Angrily he sputtered, frustrated with Nidgha’s empty flirting, “Tell them to go to the fire and wait by the guard!  I will see to them when I’m ready.”
Nidgha shook her head, apologetically confessing,  “My Lord, I was coming up from the water after bathing, eager to have your company beside me, when my two men servants came to me, telling me there were important men from TittenShobontii who tire of this war and seek a parley with our most wise and noble chieftain.  My Lord, I do know your brother is chieftain over all the armies, but you are the wisest and…and you are chieftain over your own army, made so by Narduke, my husband.”  She stepped up close, touching Dungie in soft and gentle ways.  “There will be time tonight, my love.  No man have I felt with such prowess and ardor as you have.  I must have you this eve.  There are some ways of the taught women of my people that I have not shown you.  It will be worth the wait, my love, but…”
“But what?”  Dungie’s reply sounding stern, his tenor betraying his desire to learn more of the woman’s witching ways.
“But, my Lord,” Nidgha played her fingers up and down Dungie’s arm, looking off toward the blaze, “these men do fear being seen in the fires of the night.  There are some among us who would consider them our enemy and make report.  That is why they seek your counsel, I telling them that you are fair and wise, almost godly in your powers of understanding.”  She looked up and into his eyes.  “Here, in this private room, where you can see their faces to know whether they are honorable men, but the world outside cannot see...”
Dungie was not sure if he should entertain this company.
Nidgha countered, reasoning, “Your father seeks the power and glory of AnahNakaNoah to escape and for his army to run away.  What if you could accomplish a surrender before that?  These men can make that happen.  They are powerful men who, too, despise the pharaoh because of his treacherous deeds done against them.  They can make you look great in the eyes of your people!”
Dungie finally relented, first calling two of his guards to be with him, telling Nidgha that wisdom was not to be overly trusting.  In a few minutes, the woman returned with her two men servants and three other robed and hooded men.
Motioning everyone to sit upon the pillowed floor, the two guards standing behind and to the sides of Dungie, the men were asked to reveal themselves and state their business.
The three robed men pulled back their hoods, showing them to have shaven faces and closely shorn hair.  Dungie instantly recognized the men to be priests of Horus, quickly drawing his knife, angrily demanding, “Why have you come to me and yet believe I would let you live?!  Death to all the priests of the evil god!”
The center man, appearing to be their leader, bowed his head humbly while clasping his hands together, calmly replying, “If it is your wish to cut us down, it is yours to do.  See, we do not come to you armed, nor do we seek our souls for a reward.  But it is for the good of our people, yours and mine, that we seek your counsel.  First, please, listen to what we have to say.  Then, if you do decide to kill us, why, is it not in your hand to do so?”
Dungie ordered his guards to hold their weapons at the ready.  After a pause, he cautioned, “I will allow you to speak this once.  But I warn you, should you attempt any coup by incantation or deed, I will not hesitate to smite you before another breath you have taken!  Now, who are you so that I should listen to you?”
The man politely bowed.  “I am ZaphipheRa, and these are my two assistants, Zike and Rebottah.  They are my witnesses who silently testify as to my truthfulness.  You see, Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah cut out their tongues because they warned him to not act with such wicked folly against your people.  He was told to treat your people with kindness and promised to do such, that is until he received from us the treasures of knowledge to make the great machines of war.  Then he turned against his word and took to acting cruelly against your people.  When word came to me that ZambbalbaNubie, head priest over the city of Mounds, had betrayed our order through lies and deceit, I sent my servants to Pharaoh to warn him to stop his cruelty.  This was their reward.”
At that, ZaphipheRa motioned to Zike and Rebottah who opened their mouths and attempted to speak.  “See,” ZaphipheRa declared, “these men, too, have paid the price for Pharaoh’s wrath.  Many are the sons of Horus who have been tortured and killed because they refused to bend a knee to such an evil man!  We are a peaceful order that seeks only to share our wisdom and knowledge so that men may grow in understanding.  Our kind desires to see only good for this world of men.”  He peered earnestly into Dungie’s face.  “Little different are we than you.  So misunderstood are we because of the lies perpetrated by our longtime foes that seek glory only for themselves.  They take the power given to men by the sons of God in the early days before the Great Waters and hide it for only their personal use to control men to accomplish their own selfish ends.
“Did you not see in these previous battles that my kind gave freely our knowledge to men…” he cursed, adding, “to Pharaoh?  We did not hold back our secrets for our own power and use.  Many more were the things we had planned to teach AnahNakaNoah, that is, until he listened to ZambbalbaNubie who betrayed our order.”  ZaphipheRa wiped a tear from his eye.  “Many an innocent child has died because of evil men like AnahNakaNoah and ZambbalbaNubie and others who use subterfuge to maintain their power.”
He looked up into Dungie’s face, sadness filling his.  “That is why, when this most cherished of women here” pointing toward Nidgha, “told us there was a man of such humbleness as to be godlike and with the wisdom to be appointed, untested, to lead armies, we knew that we must make every effort to seek your face.  Lives you can save by listening to what we have to say.  Then, afterward, you decide what is right.  Only the welfare of all the people do we have in mind.”  Bending forward, he bowed low.  “Your servant…”
Nidgha reached over, taking Dungie’s hand ever so gently.  For the first time, the boy saw a fire in the woman’s eyes, a passion and desire he believed was for him, for his love, a desire that almost pleaded for him to listen and accept the words of ZaphipheRa, those eyes hinting that should he accept them, a whole new world of love’s romance would be opened up to him.
Dungie did not ponder the reasons why Nidgha would act in such a way.  After all, had she only met up with these men this night, how would she know any more than he about their trustworthiness and honesty?  No, the boy could not contemplate those matters, not when heated tingles rushed through his manliness nearly to the point of involuntary orgasm, waking with outcries his future children residing deep within his loins.  All Dungie’s heart cared for at this moment was to have these intruders be off so that he could take this woman right now so as to relieve his ever-growing ache!
Sensing Dungie’s desires, Nidgha slowly withdrew her hand and, while keeping her flirting eyes fixed on the boy’s, quietly addressed the others.  “My Lord needs time to contemplate your offer.  Will you return to us again on the morrow night so that he can settle his heart regarding these matters?”  She then shot a glance at ZaphipheRa.
Unnoticed by Dungie, ZaphipheRa nodded ever so slightly as his lips curled upward into a hidden smile.  He bowed politely, pressing his opened hands together in friendly acknowledgement.  “My Lord, should you need time, a day or two, then we shall patiently wait upon your decision.  Lives we wish to save, and this is a very important matter up for your consideration.  So long has the world waited for a man, a messiah, to lead them out of this eternal darkness and into a new, shining world.  At last, it may have found its savior.  I am so pleased that you have showered your loving mercy down upon us in this night’s revelations.”
The little party was soon dismissed with a promise from Dungie to allow their return on the following night.  After the men departed, with Nidgha’s men-servants accompanying them as guides and Dungie’s guards returned to their posts, Nidgha began to ply the boy with her romantic arts.  That night, she toyed with his mind so that his manhood did not decrease in power until far into the morning hours, even through his sleeping time…especially through his sleeping time, for Nidgha began to teach Dungie the technique of sharing a dream while sharing within the flesh, a very powerful potion of sensual allurement, to say the least.

*    *    *

Each night over the next three nights, ZaphipheRa and his companions returned to discuss further details as to how the city of TittenShobontii and Pharaoh’s army could be brought down to surrender.  On the morning following the last visit, why look, when the sun rose over the eastern harbor, people saw that it was empty of ships except for three Phoenician tall ships, heavily manned and defiantly flying the colors of Atlanticia.
By late afternoon, they had departed, filled to the gunnels with escapees.  As evening fell upon TittenShobontii, all the buildings and warehouses along the wharves were set ablaze by mobs of ruffians bent on looting what remained of foodstuffs and treasures held within.  The next day revealed the entire harbor district of the city as well as the docks blackened piles of smoldering ruins.
Javan returned late that day on the battlefield, much to the frustration of Dungie.  He dared not tell his father about his secret meetings with ZaphipheRa, knowing well the righteous animosity the man had for the priests of Horus.  So it was that on the following day, when a flag of truce was delivered into Javan’s hands, Dungie could not take credit for it that he believed he so much deserved.
For two more days following, Javan and the army’s chief commanders sat down across from General ChuphoeTobanahazz and his leading officers.  Dungie could hardly contain his anger when Javan made Chuphoe agree to the destruction of all remaining Hormaxian weapons, including the thunder gunns, wheeled monsters, and giant sky ships.  Chuphoe also promised to deliver into Javan’s hands any of the priests of Horus remaining in the city.  By the end of the fourth day after Javan’s return, Pharaoh’s army at TittenShobontii surrendered, the officers and chieftains beginning their long march north to Castle Dodanim where they would wait out the remainder of hostilities.
Javan chose to retain Chuphoe and some of his advisors to assist with the transition of his army.  There was much to do and his cooperation was timely and deeply appreciated.  Nearly twenty thousand men were surrendered and put to forced labor, tearing down the former earthworks and redoubts surrounding the city, and rebuilding the TittenShobontii harbor district.  Over the following two weeks, Chuphoe came to see the kindness Javan displayed toward his former enemy, causing the man to develop strong loyalties to him and his fellow Dodanimians.
It was about this time that Javan received news NoahDodanim had secured the city of SoanTouRa, the southernmost city along the Aosolagessa River.  Reports were that he was returning with the Mozerathas cavalry, leaving the bulk of the infantry behind to garrison the scattered cites, while the remainder of the Dodanimian guard patrolled the countryside.  Javan was also told that StobattanThornbirge was moving his cavalry north to the fords where he was going to cross over the river and travel west to join up with his brother, JerinThornbirge, in his continued pursuit south after Pharaoh’s retreating army.
News through the Talking Stones of the Temple Owhars also told Javan that the SinoAlSian Confederacy was pushing east and south against Pharaoh’s demoralized forces in the west.  From a tactical standpoint, it would appear that wisdom would be to put his army on the move south and join forces.  This Javan would have done except the Lady spoke of lasting peace for his people should they remain north of the inland sea, Lake Tecatucutan.  Javan would show honor to Sodasonie and trust her words.
Wanting to meet up with his son, Noah, upon his return to Pachakanuunah, and then to take counsel with the Dragons at PoChakkahPeha before EpiphanOida returned to Castle Dodanim for the birthing of their child, Javan again took to the road north, leaving his son, Nazhion, in charge until his return.  Beside him rode Noahashonie, Swalhawena riding with her on MaraMonte, while Tuosolmerica, Noahashonie’s current mentor and protector, had Tosombabanna riding her horse with her.  Also accompanying them were his loyal Templar guards. 
Following a conference a few days hence, it was decided that NoahDodanim would take the surrendered officers north, several companies of Javan’s reserve infantry soldiers acting as guards.  The prisoners would be put to work building roads, bridges and outposts along the wilderness trails beyond the river at Paris.
“Work ‘em hard, but not too hard,” Javan had directed his son, Noah, laughing.  “They’re officers, mind you, soft fellows with tender hands.  We want to keep them busy, but not kill ‘em.  Help ‘em see what it’s like to be a common soldier.”
Cothath and SchroGarthTho went along with Javan to meet up with the returning Mozerathas army.  Their giant, tusked beasts would be put to pasture to prepare them for the return journey into the Northlands, a small number of Mozerathas camel cavalry also waiting with them.  The Mozerathas army at TittenShobontii, under the direction of KroTonkinBSondie, was serving as a passive deterrent, encouraging the surrendered army to remain that way.  The current plan for the army at Pachakanuunah was to wait until the TittenShobontii forces were relieved from duty, and then the entire body would leave on their northward journey home. 
As NoahDodanim waited for the enemy prisoners to be collected at Pachakanuunah, Javan went north to PoChakkahPeha to be with EpiphanOida.  For the first two days after arriving, the couple remained in quiet seclusion.  On the third day, they gathered the Dragons and Daughter Dragons together for one final moot.

It was on the evening of the second day that EpiphanOida and Javan discussed the future of the Eden Stones.  So, in the dark of the night, in the house’s innermost chamber, the two performed, for one final time, the witchery of Eden.  This time, though, Javan gave to EpiphanOida both of the Eden Stones to hold.  When the hypnotic trance of the twelve stones erupted across the room, why look, much to the surprise of Noahashonie, both stones sank into EpiphanOida’s flesh, remaining hidden deep within her breasts even after the woman awoke the following day.
In the morning, as Javan and EpiphanOida prepared for the moot, EpiphanOida drew Javan close, offering private counsel.  “My Lord, father of my son, please, a word.  Do be cautious and trust few men or women.  Report has come to my ears that my brother Dragon King Philip’s death may not have been as much an accident as first appeared.”
Javan was shocked, asking, “Who is…?  Who did…?”
EpiphanOida placed a finger over his lips.  “There is no proof, but Dragons can smell the foul odor of Hormax in this.  So, please, watch yourself.  I fear for your life.”  She tenderly kissed him.  “I also need you to share your dreams with my sister Dragon, Tuosolmerica.  Harsh she can be at times in her speech and stern of face, but it is a cover for the pain the woman feels in her heart.  Too much loss she has received over these many years, so many lovers and children lost to the evils of Hormax, that she seeks no love anymore.”
Tears grew in EpiphanOida’s eyes.  “But to me, she has promised to make your bed pleasurable and filled with dreams.  You must promise me that you will accept her advances, her counsel, her wisdom.  Listen please to what she will tell you.  Her wisdom is like mine, her knowledge great.  Pretend it is me when she is in your arms.  It will make my heart glad.”
Javan was puzzled and wanted to know why it was so important to romance the woman.
“Is she not beautiful?”  EpiphanOida asked.
Javan thought a moment.  “Yes, Tuosol is very beautiful, but I have many beautiful women in my life, women that I love.  I love you, but no feelings other than animalistic do I have for her.”
EpiphanOida smiled, “A man’s member is attached to his heart.  It is good enough that your animal acts as it should.  Your heart will soon come around to loving the woman.  Please, I have asked little from you.  Please do this one thing for me.  Listen for the woman’s wisdom to play in your head.”
Javan finally agreed to oblige EpiphanOida regarding her request.

The moot was intriguing for Javan as well.  Over a dozen Dragons assembled on the upper porch of the house where EpiphanOida was staying.  She, Tuosolmerica, Hilga, and Noahashonie were all there.  Javan and Cothath, alone, were the only non-Dragons present.
The information shared with Javan tingled his ears.  For all his spies and scouts, he knew nothing compared to the news gathered by the Dragons.  Their network of communication stretched across mountains and seas, and into the most secret of inner chambers.  Judiciously, they shared with the man whatever they could to assist with his safety and success.  Much of their report was unsettling.
Although the Hormaxian priests had been thoroughly searched out, few were discovered still among the inhabitants of TittenShobontii or within the ranks of the surrendered army.  It was felt they remained in the region, the harbor riots and fires a powerful indication that was the case.  The conclusion of the council was that they were gone into hiding, which only meant they were bent on evil intent.
HuushBonn, an aged Dragon nearly as old as Tuosolmerica, observed, “Many of the enemy prisoners have close bonds to that religion.  They may well be on the verge of revolt against the pharaoh, but their real loyalty has always been to the priests of Horus.  That is how they have been conditioned from infancy onward.  It is not good they were forced to surrender and remain here.  In their homeland, they may well have stirred up revolt, but here?  There was a reason the docks were destroyed and the ships chased away.”
Javan asked, “What do you say then, my Lord HuushBonn?  What reason to leave a defeated army here?”
HuushBonn answered, “King Javan, the battle against Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah has been won, but the war against the priests of Horus and Samyaza only has begun.  Indeed, it will be many ages of men before that war comes to its finish.  It is quite possible that your kindness in not slaughtering the enemy at TittenShobontii… a true kindness, indeed, compared to what those very men would have done to your people… will be used against you in many ways.”
“How so?”  Javan wondered, uncomfortable with the thought that his good deed might lead to great harm.
HuushBonn looked south down the long highway that led to Pachakanuunah.  “A road is both a good and bad thing.  Upon it, a king may send his servants to gain riches and wisdom or it can deliver sickness and death to innocent people.  A road cares not who travels it.  It shows no greater favor to the merchant than it does the highwayman.  When a king builds a road to connect the cities of his kingdom, it is with the idea of bringing trade and prosperity to his people, to quickly bring protection and rescue in time of need.  Yet the road may well invite an invading army or even a wagon filled with sickly rats.”
He looked back at Javan.  “A good king builds a road for the right reasons but, had he understood the future dangers, would he have built it at all?  The fact is, it matters not afterward whether the good king believes he has done well or poorly, for the road has been built.  So now the good king must prepare for the possible bad that the road may deliver upon his kingdom.  He must place whatever defenses along that road as may be necessary to protect his kingdom from harm.
“A people you have allowed to live.  That you cannot now change and yet remain a good king.  So it is with insight you must act, realizing that evil may well seek to journey down the road you have built.  The priests of Horus are ever vigilant, and will use every opportunity to gain their true objective - the world of men, the entire world.  It has been the lands of Dodanim, your father’s kingdom, that have prevented them from seizing that treasure.  They will never stop, then, from attempting to capture it for themselves.”
Javan began to ask many questions, but HuushBonn stopped him.  Lifting a hand, he warned, “There is still a greater danger to your people that exists!  You care, you let people live, you are trusting of others and compassionate to those in need.  You do not like war, but ever seek peace.  These things please Iam, but are weapons to be used against you by the enemy.
“A man who hates the sword will never learn to use it to its full, and a man who wishes only to see the good in his family will not see the evil lurking there.  Here, then, is the great paradox. To be a good king, one must learn to love the sword.  That is for the protection of his people.  To be a good leader, the king must learn to distrust his own kindred.  With shrewdness and insight, he must study their ways and actions, always looking for deceit and treachery.”
He stared into Javan’s eyes.  “I see before me a man who does not like the sword and wishes with the utmost passion to trust his children…such a godly thing.  Still, King Javan, holder of the lighted lamp over the lands of your father, I see a great weakness that threatens that lamp’s light.  Should you fall into darkness, the land of Dodanim will fall into darkness, and then the world will fall into darkness, and then a ruin to all the world of men.”  He paused and then added sadly, “It has already begun...”
Javan began to dispute HuushBonn’s final remarks, stating how he would not allow such an evil darkness to fall upon his world.  HuushBonn did not argue.  He looked over to EpiphanOida, nodding he was concluded while stealing a quick glance at her belly, smiling.  As he turned away to sit in a corner, the man placed a tender hand on the shoulder of a distraught Noahashonie.  At that moment, HuushBonn turned his forlorn gaze back to Javan, smiling.  “I have lived to see the light of the world, my friend.  Hormax will never win this war, no matter how dark the night may become.”
EpiphanOida thanked HuushBonn for his sage advice as she stepped forward.  After looking around the room, she turned her attention to Javan.  “It is my earnest hope that you and I will meet again in more peaceful days…my desire.”  The woman’s words carried a tone that was ominous and uncertain.  Forcing a smile, she continued, “We have gathered here today to take counsel regarding the future of this world.  You must carry the torch for the coming hour.  It will be in this coming hour that the fate of mankind will be decided.  It is my prayer that you will see this hour to its end, but there are many agents of the Dark Lord working against you.  So please take the counsel of this body to heart.  Long life to you, my Brother…
“General Chuphoe Tobanahazz is a man not given to the gods of Horus or any others, for that matter.  Iam is secreted within his distant memory, and he may carry some little loyalty to him.  The man is no friend of the pharaoh, but he has given his heart to the army that was once in his charge.  He is also an honest man.  If you call him to your side and he swears allegiance to you, as long as you remain truthful with him, he will not betray you for life or riches.”
Then she warned, “There are women of Hormax that are called ‘Zaelocks’, made so by the evil machinations of Samyaza.  These women are messengers of darkness, created through torture and torment from a very early age, until many souls reside within them.  Dangerous they are, because they are not aware of the evil dwelling there.  Good they will speak, believing it to be so, but a poisoned dart is their tongue.  To them, deceit is honesty, and murder is compassion.”
She lamented, “There is no cure for a Zaelock in this age of men.  Hopefully, there will be in the one that is to come.  With smooth words and soft touches, they spread the poison of Hormax.  Clear to the point of controlling the heart and mind unto the shriveling of the human spirit, they seek to take their victims.  Beautiful and cunning they are, too, and oh so innocent in word, deed, and action!  Sex is their tool, and power of the mind they possess to capture the unwary soul.  They seek the beds of kings and leaders.  A man accepting a Zaelock’s love will soon surrender up heart and soul so that he may possess the creature.  But it is the spider that will be eaten by the fly.”
She cautioned, “Here you have two women to bed you,” pointing first to Noahashonie and then Tuosolmerica.  “Keep them by your side to thwart the temptation that will be delivered to your door in your weakest moment.  See, the Zaelock is already walking about in your camp, polluting the weak-minded and proud.  Yes, but not only just one.  The priests of Horus already are to be found spreading evil in your camp.  It is better to abandon TittenShobontii to the sons of Pharaoh and withdraw far away from that city.  Leave Hell remain in the burning depths of the outer worlds and seek the security of Heaven among the children of your kin.”
Cothath spoke up, nodding, “I have smelled these foul creatures, not understanding what they are.  Like shadows of rotten flesh, they walk our camps, yet one only sees the image of a sweet, little maiden.  Too, the sword stroke is their only cure.  It frees their spirits from Hormax’ evil grip.”
EpiphanOida agreed.  “Uncanny are your senses, my friend.  Stay close to your son here.”  She pointed toward Javan.  “Death you cannot give to someone just because you recognize the sicky-sweet odor, but protection you can provide this man with use of your uncanny abilities.”
Peering into Javan’s eyes, her face impassioned with concern, but her voice calm, EpiphanOida took Javan’s hand.  “We have given to you our counsel, provided you with our best oracles, offered wisdom and sage advice.  There is nothing more we can give you.  Today has become the Age of Men.  The Dragons will shrink away into the mist until called in the final hour.  Your kind must now prove themselves until that hour arrives.  You must decide good or ill for yourself and all mankind.  If you succeed, the world will stand for a while longer.  If you fail, its ending will be with fire and ice.”
Shortly after this, the moot concluded.  EpiphanOida, Hilga, HuushBonn, and the other Dragons soon departed for Castle Dodanim where they would disappear into the shadows of the world.  Javan and his party went south and, after concluding his business in Pachakanuunah, took to the eastern road to rejoin the army.  Heavy hung the Dragons’ many words on Javan’s mind.  He was but one man.  What was he to do?  There were too many questions and not enough answers.
Thunder rolled across the countryside as black clouds gathered over Lake Tecatucutan.  Did they rumble a warning for Javan to heed, or was it only a summer storm threatening the world below?  Soon the party was huddled in quickly erected tent shelters.  As the wind whipped and rain slashed across the road that was being taken, it washed away all traces of countless feet that had recently trod upon it.
“Strange,” Javan thought aloud as he held Noahashonie close to his side, “no matter the glory of man, of his deeds and works, it is so quickly forgotten.  This day, this age, our struggles and sacrifices, will anyone really remember them in coming days when the storms of time have washed our tracks away?”
Noahashonie did not reply, having no answer to provide.

*    *    *

Javan was pleased to see that the rebuilding of the docks and wharf district and removal of earthworks and outer fortifications around TittenShobontii were progressing so rapidly.  Other than the stifling heat of a lingering warm spell, the soldiers were doing well, considering the circumstances.  After all, this was an army of occupation and, as such, there were certain conditions that the soldiers needed to endure.
Tents could become overbearingly warm, especially those made for the colder, northern climes back home, but other than that, things were quite tolerable.  There was a plentiful variety of foods.  Engineers had laid out the camps with proper drainage and sewage systems.  Clean, fresh water was not far away, with charcoal and firewood bountiful.
Reports given him concerning Dungie also were encouraging.  The boy was taking to command well, displaying acceptable leadership qualities.  The Atlantician soldiers were in good spirits and appeared to respect him.  Dungie also seemed to have a knack for overseeing prisoners in ways that garnered their willing obedience.  Companies placed under his direction were working harder and getting more accomplished than those companies being directed elsewhere.  All this was being done without apparent complaint.
Indeed, to Javan’s eyes, everything appeared to be peaceful and in order.  His only concern was for his son, NazhionDodanim.  The man was dealing with a slight fever and bouts of diarrhea.  This had not noticeably affected his accomplishing his duties, but he did not complain loudly when Javan relieved him temporarily, telling him to take a rest and move his tent into the shade of the trees on a nearby hill.
On the second day after his return, Javan acted on the counsel of the Dragons and gathered his officers and headmen together to discuss what the army was to do next.  His request to move the army further to the north, while leaving Pharaoh’s former soldiers behind at TittenShobontii, did not sit well with most of them.
The Atlantician chieftains were especially opposed to this idea.  “Already our warships watch over the harbor, and a flotilla of boats sails the channels and estuaries under our banner,” they declared.  “This is not something easily surrendered!”
Javan agreed.  “The dangers, though, are great since the priests of Horus remain hidden within the ranks of the prisoners or are sheltered by the inhabitants of the city.  And there are other dangers.  It is possible that some of the women who wander into our camps are agents of that Hormaxian religion and may have seduction of our young men on their minds.  Remember, this has been a land under the control of the priests of Horus for a long time.  Many of the residents are slaves to their evil gods.  Do we really want to risk the seduction of our soldiers so that they may return to their homes polluted with the religion of Hormax?  Please remember, we did not fight this war against Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah only, but also against those who pollute all living flesh with their teachings of demons.”
“That may well be all good and true,” BondaBoor, chief over the eastern clans of the Riphath answered, arguing, “but my people paid dearly, opening the roads to the southern shores on the morning of the first great day of battle.  Many a womb goes empty because of the men who died, and many hearth fires flicker not, because of the slain of my people.”
He thumped his chest.  “We have proved to all men and gods that Hormax and his priests are our lasting enemies, and now we need recompense for our loss!  Tell me, do you have enough manhood remaining in your camp to fill our empty wombs and to hunt the rabbit and the fox to keep our fields secure?  No, I dare say, seeing that the men and women of your land have turned the northern river red with their own blood!  Why, even the wombs of your people have been stolen away from you because of the evil done by this war.”
Stretching his hand out toward TittenShobontii, BondaBoor exclaimed, “You have said to my people, to all the people in our camp, ‘the Lady has said to not reach out beyond this place, and should we do that, we will have peace.’  I listened to your voice faithfully even though our recompense would be small.  See, I cannot take a pail of earth home with me to recompense my people.  Little then is left remaining except the few riches that may come through the tariffs and trade goods gained from the occupation of that city.”  He then pointed at himself.  “I and my kinsmen have listened to the Lady and have obediently refrained from advancing further into Pharaoh’s lands than she recommended.  This, though, is as far as I can go in this matter.  To give up the city, to lose this treasure, is to lose the war.  My people may not recover without the gain delivered here by our sailors and their trade.  We will not pull back and surrender TittenShobontii up to the enemy!”
Others began to argue in agreement with BondaBoor.  Javan could not command them as to what to do.  He feared a rupture in this alliance should he make forceful demands.  After all, the chieftains had unanimously agreed at the moot in Castle Dodanim that Javan was to lead the combined armies against the southern invaders.  That was in a time of war.  Now things were changing.  Fear of the enemy was fading rapidly.  Need for a hero was diminishing by the day.  Javan’s authority was already in question because he listened to Sodasonie’s voice and did not press the enemy.  He feared the disintegration of this confederacy should he push too hard with this request.
Javan lifted his hands high.  “My brothers, my brothers, I only ask of you what I believe is prudent.  I do not demand of you a thing.  For me and my people, we will withdraw to the north, back to Pachakanuunah.  This is to be done gradually over the next several days.  From you, from this city, from the trade and tariffs, I and my people will not ask for a single thing.  It is yours to see fit to do with as you please.”
No one spoke, waiting to hear if Javan had more to share.  He did.
“Please weigh my words in your councils for one week before choosing your fated course, and then we can meet again, if you permit it so.  Yet, in the meantime, for the sake of our safety against the gods of Hormax, please do not allow the women of the city access to your camps!”  Looking at BondaBoor, he added, “Do you want your men to fill those wombs with their seeds?  It will do your women no good.  Leave them in heat for the women of your land so that they want to make swift return home to produce many children upon beds for the Riphath!”
BondaBoor bowed his head, showing respect, making reply.  “Your counsel is reasonable.  I will give orders to keep the women away from our camps.  My fellow chiefs shall take time to consider your other words and later tell you of our decision.”
For the most part, the remainder of the other chieftains agreed to take Javan’s counsel under consideration.  For other clans, especially those of the northern territories, this moot was taken as a time to begin preparations for withdrawal.  The season was already well upon them for what little farming could be done before the long winter set in.  The summer game and fish needed for winter foodstuffs were yet to be gathered.  This was a good time to take leave and return home.
Of the eastern lands beyond the mountains, few were amenable to Javan’s recommendation to abandon TittenShobontii, it being a potential source of great wealth for them.  Exceptions to this were EricTomassie, chief over the Skotfane clan of the sons of Kittim, and HiramRabshak, head of the Mariner clans of the Phoenician tribes.  Both of these men were married to Daughter Dragons, descendants of Tuosolmerica.  They were also blood kin through maternal ancestry, as well as close friends.
While it was true that the Mariner clansmen were chiefly seafarers, several hundred had journeyed with the Atlanticians across the eastern mountains to join Javan’s forces.  As with the Atlanticians, the Mariner clans had seen little combat and suffered few losses, and so were fresh and ready for a good fight.  But unlike their cousins, who looked longingly at potential wealth, the Mariner clans found other, more Dragon-like means to satisfy their needs.  Some might say they saw the bigger picture.  And they also revered Sodasonie almost to the point of worship.  There would be no questioning her recommendations.

*    *    *

Dungie sat cross-legged in front of the crackling blaze, near the opened flap of his tent.  Depressed, he stared into the fire, pouting over a recent conversation with his father.  It had been made clear to him that should the Atlanticians choose to retain their control over TittenShobontii, Dungie was to resign his command and return with the Dodanimians to Pachakanuunah.
‘If you remain here, it will appear that my words are hollow in meaning,’ Javan had argued.  ‘The reason I permitted your command over the Atlantician army was to maintain our confederacy with them.  If the now reigning King Narduke refuses to abandon his current positions, then the confederacy will have been broken and there will no longer be need of your presence here.’
In two days, signal towers that stretched north to Atlanticia would be completed.  With them would come the ability to communicate between the two distant cities in a little more than an hour.
Dungie knew that Narduke would refuse to withdraw his military forces from TittenShobontii.  It was then just a matter of time before Dungie would find himself relegated to being commander over a small band of scouts with nothing more to do than carry messages from one outpost to another.
“My Lord, please do not trouble yourself over these trivialities,” Nidgha cooed ever so seductively, all the while plying her sensual melodies with experienced fingers.  “Your servant girl has been impatient, longing for your touch, your manliness, for three days since you have taken counsel with your father.  I can help ease your mind by taking you far away from this horrid land.”
Dungie shook his head, unable to get rid of his gloomy mood.  “Have I not been a good commander over the soldiers placed under me?  Look at how much has been accomplished and with little loss of life!  And see my successes that I receive no credit for the fall of the city, the surrender of the enemy, and all the plunder taken because of it.  Now I even have to relinquish my command over this army!”
He stared into Nidgha’s eyes, forlorn.  “Soon I will be a nobody again…just a nobody.  Will you still want to give your love to a nobody?  Even if you did, how could you travel north with me and not start a war between my people and your husband?  To take to my bed under these current circumstances, your husband might well overlook, even understand, considering, but to run away with me?  Well, I don’t believe you love me enough to risk such loss for yourself...all your queenly glory and wealth, I mean.”
Nidgha turned so that her bare breasts pressed against Dungie’s body, the firelight dancing across her curvaceous form, arousing the boy’s ardor as he watched the shadows play upon her skin.  “My lord, my god,” Nidgha whispered as her lips tenderly caressed his ear, “I will follow you to beyond the edge of the world, if that is what you choose for me to do.  No man have I ever loved as I do you.”
She looked into his eyes, the golden firelight revealing the earnestness in hers.  “Your destiny is far too great to be squandered with the fate of being a camp scout!  Your father will come around to seeing the reason for you to remain here.  What is needed is a distraction, something that will take his mind off the moment.  After all, he’s seeing matters through the fear-mongering speech of those who are seeking their own ends.  Why do you think the Dragons always seek the destruction of wonderful inventions?”
Dungie shook his head, admitting he did not know.
Nidgha smiled sadly, “My grandfather said that, at one time, the world was filled with magical inventions to make life comfortable.  Every man could be a god by use of the machines given him by the seers of that day.  And then, Iam, or that is the name he uses today - I will not speak his name from long ago, for it is an insulting word to speak - Iam became jealous because he saw that men did not need him when they had such machines.
“So it came to be, in a day of carefree living, that Iam sent fire and smoke from the sky to bring to ruin all living flesh.  Only Noah and his wife and his children and their wives survived, and that because a few Watchers from days before came to hear of the treasonous act about to be committed against mankind.  They warned Noah and gave him instructions to save the world of beasts and men.  Along with him, there went many writings, detailing how the wonderful machines were made and worked.”
Sitting back, wide-eyed, Nidgha waved her hands as she explained, “Well, after the flood waters subsided and men began to become many upon the surface of the ground, Noah watched in fear when he saw that men were beginning anew to build the machines of yesteryear.  Fearing loss to his growing power, he gathered to himself willing confederates to search the world and to bring a ruination to all the good works of men given to them by the Watchers through Hormax, a faithful servant of the Watchers.”
Dungie found this hard to believe.  Nidgha declared it to be true.  “The queen mother, Aphrodite, lifted herself up to goddess over this cult that seeks destruction of all good things.  Your grandfather, Dodanim, and Dancing Stones, were made high priest and priestess over this order called the ‘Dragons’.  Ask your father whether I do speak truth or not, for he knows for a fact that the Dragons and Daughter Dragons searched far and wide to destroy all that was good and wonderful in the way of the machines given as gifts from the Watchers.
“Also look and see!” Nidgha exclaimed.  “Your father has had intercourse with Dancing Stones so that she will produce a son who will rule over all the lands of Japheth, father of Javan, father of Dodanim, your grandfather.  Should the boy grow up to manhood, there will be no room in this world for any other son of Javan.  That child will lift up the power of the Dragons to godship, and they will cast the world into eternal darkness.”
Dungie did not think to ask how Nidgha knew so much about these matters, being too shocked by what he was hearing.
Taking the boy’s hand, Nidgha passionately asked, “Do you really believe you will be allowed to be even a camp scout when your brother is lifted up as king?  You will be a threat to his power.  How will your great wisdom and abilities ever go unnoticed?  Why, even if you hid them under a basket, the world would still see your shining light.  Forever, you would be hunted across the planet by Dragon hordes seeking your destruction.”
Dungie quietly cried, “What am I to do?!  No power do I have in my hand to stop such an evil thing!  Besides, my people love the Dragons.  They love Dancing Stones and even now celebrate her pregnancy.  I am already as good as dead.”
Softly stroking the boy’s face, Nidgha answered reassuringly, “There is a way, a faint chance, but an assured road if it is closely followed.”
As desperate hope grew in his breast, Dungie asked, “What must be done?  What must I do?”
Nidgha smiled while playing her fingers across the hairs on Dungie’s chest as she rested her head against his shoulder.  “Your father needs to be distracted for a little while so that he forgets the need to move his camp so quickly.”
Dungie sputtered, “I see no upcoming distraction!  That general over Pharaoh’s army, Chuphoe, has sworn his loyalty to our people as long as we leave his soldiers unharmed.  He has no love for Pharaoh.  Why, if we should pursue our quest, he might even give his blessing to move his army against the man.”
“There are other, more subtle ways to distract someone like your father,” Nidgha countered, sitting back.  “He is an emotional man, his heart filled with many, many feelings that make him weak and easily distracted.  He is a man.”
As she looked into the fire, a barely perceptible frown crossed the woman’s face.  She continued in a hushed voice, “Your brother, Nazhion, has been in a sickbed these several days now.  Would your father not be overjoyed to see him spring up from his sickness?  Would he not rejoice and celebrate over Nazhion’s cure?”
Slowly sliding her hand down Dungie’s body until it nestled so sensually in the shadows, her eyes following its path, Nidgha whispered longingly as if her mind was not minding her tongue, “Only a few days do we need for distraction.  It will provide us time to develop a plan that will secure your power and glory.”  She stared desperately into Dungie’s eyes, pleading, “Tomorrow I can deliver to you the medicine to provide a cure for our dilemma.  You must then give it to your brother with his morning tea.  But tonight, right now, I must have intercourse with you or I will die!  Oh, please, my lord, my god, take your servant girl and make sweet love to her! Please, I cannot wait a moment longer!”
Dungie quietly obeyed, pulling Nidgha up as he stood.  Together, they made their way to the inner room of his tent, gathering themselves to each other’s arms until the morning sun announced its coming glory.

*    *    *

Javan and Noahashonie sat in front of the fire as Tuosolmerica busied herself at preparing the luncheon meal.  The man was in a jolly mood, the best he had felt in many long days.  Tuosol was certainly the lover EpiphanOida had promised she was, being practiced in the arts of pleasing a man.  Other than her initial clumsiness at not having shared in romance for many decades, Tuosol was becoming an outstanding lover, her powers nearly as great as EpiphanOida’s.  Each night, for the past five nights, she had worked her magic to the point of making Javan desire her even in his waking hours.
This, of course, had not set well with Noahashonie.  Just that morning, the girl had threatened to take her wiles elsewhere if her husband had tired of her.  “I’m sure there are others in the camp who would pander to my desires and warm my bed,” she taunted at breakfast in front of the guard, hoping Javan would take notice of her and remove his eyes from Tuosol’s comely shape as she prepared breakfast.
Embarrassed by his lack of attention to the girl, Javan promised that Noahashonie, alone, would be his consort for the remaining nights before they departed to the north.  At least for now that had settled the child down, but she stuck close to Javan’s side, keeping an alert vigil over her hard won prize just in case he might think of changing his mind.
Javan was pleased.  It felt good to be desired by more than one woman.  A ‘man thing’ maybe, but a man thing that made a man feel valuable and important, more important than being chieftain over a large, standing army.  Javan sighed with delight at the thought of his many wives and lovers, each one so passionately different, yet so much alike, and each one desiring his bed, his love and attention.
Javan also felt good receiving news that Nazhion was up and about a bit.  He was taking some food and his fever was gone.  If Javan delayed a day or two, Nazhion might be able to make the trek back to Pachakanuunah with the army.
About this time, Nidgha arrived at Javan’s camp, accompanied by her two men and two women servants, along with a small guard.  This was the first visit paid upon Javan by the woman.  Although reports were made to him that she flitted about the camps at various times, he was unaware of her keeping company with Dungie.  There were also no reports of any flirtatious acts on her part, so Javan concluded that she sought the counsel of others as a representative for her husband in his absence, a common practice in those days.
A charming, toothy smile shone on Nidgha’s face as she politely bowed, offering her salutations.  “My Lord, king of these worlds, it is such a pleasure for me to finally meet so informally with the great chieftain over these people.”
‘So disarming,’ Javan thought.  For other, younger men, it was most alluring, but the woman was little more than a child, herself, having not lived a life long enough to deliver the mystical arts her haunting lips were suggesting.
Javan reached a hand out in welcome.  As she took his, he replied, “Your husband has taught you well.  No better ambassador could he deliver to any camp.  But, my Lady, I am old in years and not so easily persuaded.  Oh yes, I enjoy your flirtations.   Any man would, but it is more the business of the day I am interested in.  What say you, have you eaten the midday meal?  Recline for a while so that we may talk of your husband’s health.  I understand the signal towers are up and working.  I assume you have a word from him for me.”
At first taken aback by Javan’s openness regarding the woman’s teasing actions, Nidgha quickly recovered, laughing innocently, “Yes, oh yes, my husband-king has taught me well that honey attracts the bee and opens the heart to one’s words.  Please do not think me the seductress.  It is a long-learned skill and one not easily turned off.”
Javan laughed, “Come, do you have time to break bread?”
Nidgha feigned excuse for not eating, but messages she did want to deliver.  She bowed her head before looking up and into Javan’s eyes.  “My Lord, ruler of a great and fear-inspiring people, my husband, King Narduke, ruler over Atlanticia and all its surrounding territories, including cites far beyond the Eastern Sea - my husband wishes to hear more about reports concerning the dangers that lurk in and around this captured city.”
She smiled, “With the signal towers, we can reach far to the north with words and thoughts.  In the day or night, our signalmen can deliver messages great and small to our lords and chieftains.  My husband wishes to have moot with you using these towers.  A few days…just a few days, my Lord, and you can satisfy all my husband’s questions regarding this matter.  Remember please, it is he who surrenders up the most should he give away this wonderful and hard won treasure.”
Javan nodded his understanding but replied with his warning for caution.  “Already the hour is late.  Times are dangerous and restlessness grows in the camps.  An army I am willing to maintain at Pachakanuunah to protect all the lands in the north.  An Atlantician fleet can hold fast the harbor entrance.  All ships going in and out of TittenShobontii can be stopped by your revenuers and taxed for whatever duties your people may choose to levy upon them.”
Looking off toward the eastern shore where the signal tower could be easily seen, Javan continued, “Tell your husband, the new, reigning king over a wonderful kingdom, that I am his ally and supporter in wishing him all success.  In this one case, I do respectfully request he listen to my voice.  He will suffer little loss.  Indeed, after the agents of Hormax have been rounded up and delivered to justice, then he is welcome to make TittenShobontii one of his treasures and even my people will pay whatever tribute he requests to use these isles and harbors.”
Nidgha smile politely, but her eyes betrayed disappointment, even possible concern.  “My Lord, I will tell my husband what you have proffered.  I do hope you will remain here a while so that he may have time to receive answers to these and other needed questions.  This is a big decision to be made, one not to be taken lightly or in haste.”
Javan agreed.  “I will consider your husband’s request, but will continue to prepare my army to move on the morrow after next.  It is a long march and many are the wagons we will be taking with us.  Already the Mozerathas as well as certain northern tribes are homeward bound.”
Nidgha could not hide a worried frown.  She bowed again.  “My Lord...”  Then, releasing Javan’s hand she stepped back, motioning toward one of her servant girls.  The woman stepped forward, bowing politely.
“My Lord, please,” Nidgha took the servant girl’s hand, “this is Sabrina, a treasure to behold and a faithful, trusted servant.  My husband requested she be delivered over to you as a gift for letting him indulge the use of your son, you allowing the noble man to serve as a gallant chieftain over my husband’s army while he cared for other, important business.”  She motioned to Sabrina, who immediately pulled back her satin robes to reveal a strikingly beautiful body.  Javan let out a quiet gasp at seeing the woman’s comely appearance.
Nidgha grinned in satisfaction.  “This treasure suits your fancy, I see.  Sabrina is a virgin girl delivered into my hands just two years ago.  I promised her that one day I would find a master worthy of her beauty.  Please, take this girl as a gift from the new king of Atlanticia, a gift that will bond our people together as one.”
Javan rocked back on his heels, rubbing his bearded chin with pleasure.  Before he could make reply, another voice nearby called out to him, “My Lord, a word please...”
Looking over to see Tuosolmerica eyeing him, Javan excused himself and stepped over to see what the matter was all about.  In quiet conference, the two discussed the moment.  Finally nodding with a smile, he returned to Nidgha and Sabrina.
Taking Nidgha’s hand, Javan politely kissed it before doing the same with Sabrina’s.  He then addressed Nidgha.  “My Lady of the king, a wise and generous steward you are.  What a wondrous gift, so beautiful a child!  I am surprised your husband has not already taken Sabrina as his concubine.  As much as my heart, to say the least, desires this person as a loving companion, I must decline your husband’s offer until…”
An undercurrent of trepidation filled Nidgha’s voice as she asked, “Until what, my Lord?  Please tell your…your…please tell me, until what?”
Javan detected the tone in Nidgha’s voice, but could not understand its reason.  He smiled, “Why, until your husband-king and I can conclude a covenant of peace between his people and mine.  We must come to a settlement as to which road our alliance will take.  In a few days, we will have it concluded.  If all goes well, then I will take Sabrina as a gracious gift from your hands.  We will celebrate the night of her virginity with music and dance.  The child will fondly recall the night she gave herself away to her first man.”
Nidgha was speechless, unable to make reply.  What could she say?  Javan had not rejected her offer, but elevated it to levels unattainable for her to reach, at least for the moment…no… no, for forever!  King Narduke would never accept Javan’s terms to surrender up TittenShobontii, not for love or money!  His mind was set, had been.  Nidgha was playing her own game for her own reasons this day, and she had lost.  How was she to survive this terrible defeat?  Could she?
Attempting to hide a troubled countenance, Nidgha bowed low, offering her finest departing farewells.  At that instant, she chanced a glance at Tuosolmerica.  For a heartbeat, both women’s eyes locked.  Tuosolmerica saw a piercing stare of sheer hatred flash from the woman’s eyes.  Quickly looking back at Javan, Nidgha bowed her head and turned to hurry away.
After watching Nidgha and the others disappear into a distant, crowded tent city, Javan asked Tuosolmerica after she stepped up beside him, “What was that all about?  The child was a virgin, unpolluted by the workings of Hormax.  What harm was she to me, to this household?”
Tuosolmerica sputtered, “Virgin?!  I am more the virgin than that woman!  I’ve never sold my love to the highest bidder.”
Javan was aghast.  “How do you know such a thing?!”
A scornful smile crept across Tuosolmerica’s face.  “A virgin smells like a virgin, not a dishrag hung out to dry.”  She quickly turned away to finish preparing the noon meal.

As Nidgha slowly made her way down the rise from Javan’s camp, the woman started to quietly weep.  She began muttering with contempt and ridicule, “It’s all your fault, fool!  Fool, we knew you could not deliver.  Now he will punish us all and it’s your fault.”
She cried, “I did the best I could, the best I could.  How was I to know it would be there?  You did not warn me of its presence in the camp.  This is not my fault!”
“Shut up you!  Because of you, we must all suffer the fate only you deserve.  Always you have done this to us, miserable wartling!  Now we must all suffer the whip and torment of your failures.  Go away and die!”
“I cannot!  I cannot!  I have tried, but you will not allow it.  He will not permit it.”
“Maybe we should let her die this time.”  Sinister laughter erupted from the woman’s mouth.  “Coward!  You are nothing but a coward!  Go jump from yonder cliff and end your miserable, worthless life!  Hurry and finish it!”
Putting her hands to her face as tears streamed down her cheeks, Nidgha trembled in fright and ran screaming toward her camp.  Once there, she hid inside her tent, wailing and gnashing her teeth until darkness found her.  Then, after the moon had hidden itself beyond distant mountains, Nidgha rose and bathed, silently departing into the blackness of night.

*    *    *

Nidgha crashed face down onto the bearskin rug in front of Dungie’s bed.  As blood trickled from a wounded mouth and broken lips, a violent storm of verbal obscenities and threatening curses pummeled the woman’s ears.  Dungie cared little whether others outside the tent heard his raging assault, his wrath being at a boiling point.  He was furious over what the woman had done to him and, had he dared, he would have done far more than only strike her.
Tears gushed from Nidgha’s eyes as she covered her face with her hands.  For a seeming eternity, she lay there, quietly sobbing, begging for mercy, saying the little child would be good.  Dungie heard none of her pleadings, being far too busy screaming his vulgarities at her.  Finally, after several minutes, Nidgha’s tears dried.  She lay there, blinking and feeling strange until her eyes no longer saw the world around her.
A voice filled with malice and scorn softly whispered through bleeding lips, “Isabella will save you again as she has done for this worthless wartling countless times before.  Go away and I will fix it.  You stupid, wretched thing you, go back to your hidey hole until we can make it safe for you again!”
A wicked smile crept across Nidgha’s face as the pupils of her eyes turned black as coal.  Slowly she rolled over and sat up to stand, her cold, steely eyes boring deeply into Dungie’s as she did.  Unnerved by her queer smile and peculiar gaze, the boy quieted, concerned and perplexed.  In a hauntingly disarming voice filled with flirting sensuality, carried on a chilled breath like that of deathly night, Nidgha cooed softly,  “Ears there are aplenty that hear your curses in the morning hour.  Does my lover have evil secrets that he wishes all the world to know?”  She put her fingers to smiling lips.  “Shhhh…shhhh…  Why does our master carry on with such fussing?  Have we not given him everything he has wished for?”
“No you haven’t!”  Dungie could hardly keep his voice down.  Filled with remorse and betrayal, he angrily accused, “I went to my brother in the morning yesterday, just as you recommended, and I sprinkled into his tea the powder you gave me, just as you directed.”  He put his hand to his head in grief as tears began to stream down his face.  “And this morning, I went to visit with more of the medicine but I found the doctors busy assisting a dying man.  I doubt he will live the day.  It’s your fault!  You gave me poison instead of a cure!”
Nidgha stepped close so that her heated breath drifted across Dungie’s face, whispering, “My Lord and Master said he wished for more time.  He said he didn’t want to leave us.  He said to his little child that he wanted to remain head over this army.  Your little child only gave to him what he wanted.”
“I didn’t want my brother to die or even become sick again!”  Dungie cried.
Tenderly resting a hand on Dungie’s arm while the fingers of her other hand played softly along it, Nidgha rested her head ever so lightly upon his shoulder, her chilling words drifting up on wafting breezes of perfumed desire.  “My Love, my Darling, you did not say how it was to be done.  I have only done what my master desired.  Your father will not leave today or tomorrow, or even the next day…maybe for many days.  You now have time to make your plans to stay with the army, to be someone important, really important, to keep your little child close to you.”
“But this is wrong!  So wrong!  This is murder...murder of my own brother!”  What can I do?!” Dungie desperately pleaded, confessing in despair, “I must do something.”
“Oh yes,” Nidgha crooned as she softly chewed on his ear, “go and confess that you put the poison in your brother’s tea.  Tell them it was all a mistake and that you didn’t mean it, that you wanted him to become well.  Yes, go tell them so that they will praise you for your gallant effort.”
“I cannot do that!” he moaned.  “They will hate me and accuse me of jealous murder.  I cannot do that!”
Tenderly caressing the boy with experienced fingers while pressing her warm body against his, Nidgha looked up into Dungie’s eyes, her black orbs filled with passionate desire.  “Then do nothing if nothing can be done for him.  He will die, yes, but you will have needed time to accomplish the will of your heart.  And… and…” she kissed him with hungry longing on her lips, “and your little servant girl will have more time with her lord and master.  Your servant girl will help her master forget the unhappiness and give to him good dreams of happy things.”
Her hands slowly went to his, gently clasping them in hers as she stepped back, pulling him along.  “Please…” Nidgha begged longingly, “all men die sooner or later, but love-making is only momentary and then is gone forever.  It must never be wasted upon the hourglass of Time because of ill feelings.  Darling, please, take me now, and we will make it better.  You will see that it will be all right very soon.  You deserve the glory.  This is such a small price paid to gain it.  Come.  Come celebrate a new hour with us.  Your little child has many enticements to show her master.  Please…please come with us.”
Dungie was rapidly surrendering to Nidgha’s hypnotic music, her erotic touch.  True, there was nothing to be done for his brother.  It was sad that it was so, but there was nothing for it.  After all, he had tried to produce a cure.  It was not his fault that things did not work out as planned.  It was true that all men die.  Many had only recently in yesterday’s battles.  What was the difference how or when death came if it succeeded in winning the battle.  And who chose the battle?  Was it not the commander who chose the life and death for victory?  No one accused a commander of murder, only of failure should he lose the battle.  The cost of lives meant little in the face of victory.
Nidgha was already beginning to moan with erotic desire, her sweaty, naked skin glistening in beams of sunlight that broke through tiny holes in the tented walls.  “Take us my king, my god!  Take us and make us swoon with your love.  We will make you bathe in the ecstasy of our love.  Your little child will help you through this.  We promise you.  We promise you…”
No longer could Dungie resist.  With the passion of a bull in heated rut, he attacked Nidgha, forcing her onto his bed as he drove his power into her.  With frenzied laughter, the woman cried out joyfully as he violently forced himself upon her, begging for more until he was biting and tearing at her flesh.  The more violent his actions, the louder her orgasmic passion until she wailed with delight.  Finally, after a heated rush that flooded the boy’s mind with a numbing faint, Dungie collapsed, exhausted, upon a bloodied and bruised Nidgha, his own back scratched and torn.
As Dungie drifted off into a deep sleep filled with dreams of the glory of leading his own army, his ears filled with the music and accolades giving him praise and honor, the woman lay there quietly whispering, “See, we have fixed it once more for you.  If you fail us again, we will make the pain greater until he tears apart your heart, too.  Do not fail us anymore.”
Nidgha began to softly weep.

*    *    *

Cries of grief filled Javan’s camps for seven days, the sons of Dodanim putting on sackcloth and throwing dirt upon themselves, the air echoing with melodious, sad dirges intertwined with new songs, telling of the great and heroic deeds of NazhionDodanim.  Javan and Dungie, together with Javan’s entire household, covered their naked bodies with dirt and ashes, and for seven days wandered throughout the army camps, singing laments for the loss of son and kindred, and for those many days refused any food or strong drink.
By the eighth day, the funerary process was finished, permitting the returning of Nazhion’s body to Castle Dodanim to lie in state beside OriththeaStar until Javan and the others could gather at the city for their final celebration into death.

Dungie sat cross-legged upon the bear rug in his tent, morose and forlorn.  Nidgha quietly sat beside him, resting her head on his shoulder, playing soothing games on his skin to help lighten the boy’s gloom.  It did little good, for he was in a deep, sulking mood.
It was true that Javan’s army had remained lingering upon the heights in front of TittenShobontii for these seven days, providing time to further Dungie’s plans for staying with the Atlantician army, but it had been to little avail.  Indeed, the matter was even worse now.  Many were the things troubling the boy’s heart.
He looked over at Nidgha, his heart swooning for her romantic touch, no, not just her for her touch.  He was falling in love with her, had fallen in love with her.  She haunted his waking visions throughout the day, and at night he was unable to sleep unless she came to his tent and snuggled beside him in his bed.  Dungie’s despair only intensified at the thought of losing his most prized treasure.  And this was certainly going to happen now.
Just this very morning, Javan had taken counsel with his trusted officers to discuss the future fate of the army.  He announced to them that since NoahDodanim was far to the north, beyond Castle Dodanim, Dungie was going to be temporarily placed second in command of the Dodanimian army and its supporting allies.  In the event of Javan’s absence, Dungie would be the captain in charge.
Under any other circumstances, Dungie would have been ecstatic with such a commission, but tonight the thought of it only made him feel bitter and dejected.  Javan was already pulling the engineers and supporting elements of his army out of their camps and putting them on the road north.  Tomorrow the reserve units were to follow suit.  Within a week, there would no longer be any Dodanimians remaining south of the eastern road leading to Pachakanuunah.  He and Nidgha would have to part because he would need to go north with the army and give up command over the Atlanticians.  That thought was breaking his heart.
Nidgha crooned sadly, but hopeful, “Maybe I could go as an emissary for my husband.”
Dungie shook his head.  “No.  No, not at all.  Our alliance will have been broken with your husband, King Narduke.  He will have no need for an emissary.”
“Then maybe I could hide away in your camp, dressing up like one of your servant girls,” Nidgha offered optimistically, though her voice carried with it tone of defeat, as desperate tears welled up in her eyes.
“That will not do at all!”  Dungie countered.  “Your husband would become incensed with rage and demand both our heads in retribution or he should declare war upon my people for committing such a travesty against a queen in his house!”  He bowed his head, distraught, clasping his hands in dismay.  “I don’t want to leave you, can’t leave you, for fear my heart will burst and I will die!  If I remain here, I will have disowned my own household and my father will certainly disown me.  Then will your husband want me in command of his army, a man with no name and influence?  And what of you?  I do believe your husband knows you share my bed and tolerates it because of the power he wields over me through you.  Will he still tolerate such an indulgence, his queen with a common man who no longer has a noble name?”
The two sat in sullen silence for the longest of time.  The moon rose into the night sky before either spoke again.
At length, Nidgha broke the silence, her voice calmly sweet but cloaking sinister cunning.  “There is a way my Lord can have everything he wishes.  My Lord knows the way it is to be done.  The only way…”
Dungie was shocked as chills ran up his back.  He looked into Nidgha’s face, her eyes hidden in deep shadow.  “What evil do you speak?!  Are you an abomination of wickedness so as to have me rise up in fornication against my own family?!”
Nidgha’s lilting voice serenely replied, “Your fornications against your own family have already been committed.  What is but one more?  Mind you, the only one that stands between you and everything your heart craves.”
“My heart craves for nothing more!  Only for the loss of your love, your touch, does it burn with fearful passion.”
“Oh, really?”  Nidgha’s voice softly mocked.  “What of her, the girl?  I have seen into your dreams.  Your taking of the girl, Noahashonie, fills your sleeping hours.  You crave her touch almost as much as you do mine.  Never will you have her, never touch her, never have manly intercourse with her unless…”
“I can never do such an abhorrent thing!”  Dungie cried.  “Never!”
Nidgha sighed, disappointed, and slowly stood.  Turning back to look down at Dungie, she crooned remorsefully, “Then this queen must be going.  My husband would find such displeasure, discovering his royal possession was spreading her feet for a common man.”  She started to leave.
“No!  No!”  Dungie cried, begging her to stay.  “Please don’t go!  I need some time to ponder this in my mind.  Please don’t leave me!”
Nidgha stopped.  “Is it yes or no?  That is my question, not ‘do you need more time?’” she coldly snapped while picking up her satin cloak that was hanging near the tent entrance.  Wrapping it securely around her shoulders, she asked again, “Is it yes or no?”
“I don’t know!  I don’t know!”  Tears streamed down Dungie’s face.  “Please don’t leave me!  I need you, need your help, your comfort!  How can I do a thing without your guidance?”
Nidgha motioned to someone standing outside, in the shadows.  The person came to the tent opening and stood beside her.  “Here,” Nidgha waved a hand toward the person standing beside her, “this is Sabrina.  She will assist you with your dreams.  Her love is sweet and her touch very comforting.  She will guide you with the decision you will make.”
She then pointed a finger at herself, her voice filled with ridicule.  “As for me, rather should I ride your horse’s manhood than yours if you fail to honor our love!  I will wait a little while to see your deeds accomplished.  If you do not do this, and should your army pull away to the north, never again will you see my face!  I will purify my flesh from your acts with me by going to the beasts of the field, they being more royal lovers than a common man!”
Dungie again cried out in anguish, begging Nidgha not to leave.  She retorted haughtily, “Take my servant girl!  Have intercourse with her.  Let her share your mind.  See if she cannot give you a cure for your timidity.  My shapely form and loving touch you will not have again until all that you must do has been accomplished!”  At that, Nidgha walked from the tent and into the shadows of the night’s waning moon, quiet laughter drifting from her lips.

*    *    *

A thick haze hung heavy upon the sweltering air, thunderstorms from the night before only adding to the muggy discomfort, causing the steamy fog that was now rising from the rocky ground.  Noahashonie paid little heed to it, though, scurrying about her tent with unbridled excitement.  Tuosolmerica fussed at the girl to slow down and be quiet.  Stopping Noahashonie when she began to rummage through a recently delivered pile of clean garments, Tuosol warned, smiling, “That is quite enough of this!  If you don’t settle down, you will ruin the surprise.”
Grinning from ear to ear, Noahashonie pulled Tuosol so close that their noses almost touched, the girl’s twinkling eyes staring into Tuosol’s.  “I’m pregnant!  I’m pregnant!” Noahashonie cried in a hushed whisper.  “I’m going to have my husband’s child!”  Before Tuosol could reply, Noahashonie ran over to Swalhawena, clutching her by the arms and shaking her.  “I am going to have a baby!  I am going to have a baby!” she cried out.
Swalhawena smiled nervously.  Already this morning, the girl had been accosted a dozen times with Noahashonie’s excited declaration.  Swalhawena knew well of Noahashonie’s pregnancy.  It was she who went to Tuosolmerica with her concerns over the discomfort her mistress was having.
The two girls had become quite attached to each other over the preceding weeks.  More like sisters they acted.  Javan approved because he did not like servitude or slavery.  He was pleased to think that his young wife felt the same.  When Noahashonie was not sleeping in Javan’s arms, she snuggled beside Swalhawena under her coverlets in the evening darkness.  Indeed, the two girls found themselves falling in love with each other.
Tuosolmerica laughingly sputtered, “Don’t trouble the child!  You have pestered us both all morning.  Women get pregnant when they cavort with their men.  Now you must suffer the many months of carrying the child, and then the pain of its delivery.  Will you be so exuberant when your birthing pangs are upon you?”
Noahashonie laughed, “It will only make me overjoyed to know my husband’s child is being born!  I shall sing songs of mirth when that hour arrives.”
“We shall see,” Tuosol grinned with knowledge.  “We shall see.”  She walked over and took the girl’s hands.  “Your husband will return soon.  There is a bath yet to be taken, and then we will dress up our new mother in her finest of clothes.  Your joyous news will help ease the pain of his loss.”
Noahashonie grinned, agreeing.  The three then busied themselves in preparation of Javan’s return.

Earlier that morning, Dungie arrived in Javan’s camp.  Javan was in a somber mood, forlorn over the loss of Nazhion.  Dungie suggested they go for a ride along the cliffs above the shore.  “The breezes up there help to clear the mind and soothe the soul,” he offered.  “I rode there this yesterday eve and it helped so much to ease a troubled heart.”
In the gathering heat, Javan agreed that a ride along the coast might well refresh the spirit.  “There are many things I would like to discuss with my son.  I know that you desire to hunt the enemy and to lead at the head of an attacking army.  Those things one day may well come, but first one must learn to care for and protect his people.  A ruler is responsible for his people, their well-being and happiness.  It is the battle for peace that is far more difficult to win.”
Dungie bowed his head.  “Father, your wisdom is great.  There is so much for me to learn, sitting at your feet.  Let us start those lessons this day.  I know a place where the beauty of the world reaches up to the blue heavens in such a way that will take a person’s breath away.”
“I would like to see that, my son,” Javan smiled, hoping such a sight could lift his spirits a little.  He decided that since it was to be a leisurely jaunt, filled with pleasant conversation, MaraMonte would be a good mount to ride.  Besides, the party would remain less conspicuous than his taking KiiCue. 
Along with a dozen of Dungie’s guards, the two rode out of camp.  “We will be back in a little while,” Javan shouted to Noahashonie and Tuosolmerica as they departed.
For over two hours, the party traveled along the high cliffs above the eastern seashore.  Out here the breeze lifted the haze to reveal a clear, blue sky filled with sea birds swooping and plunging among the restless ocean waves.  Down into the depths some of the birds would dive, becoming more like the fish they sought.  And then with a swoosh! they lifted into the air on their wings, beaks filled with fat, wiggling delights.
At length, Javan and Dungie arrived at an outcropping that jutted beyond the cliff face.  The entire top of the escarpment at this location was level as if the hilltop had been cut away flat.  A breeze always wafted across these rocky, high places, either driven by the advancing tides or being drawn back across the land out to sea when the waters ebbed from shore.  Here the company dismounted, Javan and Dungie taking the lead while the guards hung back, busying themselves with grooming their mounts, offering some private time for the two men.
As the two walked along the edge of the jagged basalt cliffs, Dungie grew more troubled and nervous.  He finally addressed his trepidation.  “Father, have you not always lectured me that often the wisest decisions are the most difficult to make, that uncertainty is a dangerous weapon?”
Javan clasped his hands together, looking down at them, nodding, as the two slowly strolled along.  “The wisest decisions are often the most fated.  They change things, peoples, even history.  Few wise decisions are easy to make.  They may be terribly costly to the one making them.  To cast a decision to the winds is always costly to a greater or lesser degree.”  He reached out a hand, resting it on Dungie’s shoulder.  “When one has contemplated all the consequences that a decision may deliver upon the one making it and on those who will be affected by it, then one can truly measure the wisdom of that decision.  Many times it has been found true that a decision that appears good at the moment turns out to be disastrous, and the one appearing bad results in the greatest blessing.”
Dungie looked at his father, tears welling up in his eyes.  “So, it may well be like one seen in war.  You order your bravest, closest companions into the heaviest battle charges, the most deadly situations, because of the uncertainty of the moment.  You trust to the Fates the ones you love the most to accomplish what is best for the whole of the army.”
Javan sadly agreed, thinking about so many of his dear companions, and even his daughter, OriththeaStar.  “Yes, sometimes you must sacrifice those most dear to you to succeed in the contest.  It is the bigger battle that you must keep your eyes on.  What will be the fate of my kingdom, my people, if I should fail?  That is the question every good leader must ask himself.”
Dungie stopped, looking out toward the sea.  “So it is the results - the outcome - that are more important than the deed done to accomplish it, even if that deed may appear foul, in and of itself?”
Javan puzzled, “There are many deeds that first appear foul, but are not because of the results they deliver.  Still, there are other deeds that are always foul, no matter the excuse or outcome.  Are you ill at ease over something, my Son, something you wish to speak with me about?”
Turning back, smiling, Dungie shook his head, “No, Father, no.  I do become troubled at times over some things.  I do believe it would be better for us to end the matter with Pharaoh by bringing him to a finish, but I understand your feelings on this issue.  I am pleased that you have decided to hold our army in reserve at Pachakanuunah, to be there just in case, you know?”  He lowered his head.  “I do feel guilt or remorse, whichever, though.  In my heart, it is as though I have kilt my own brother,  I guess for not having provided well enough for him in his sickness, believing he was making a rapid recovery.  It hurts my heart so when I think of his death.”
Squeezing Dungie’s shoulder, Javan offered condolences.  “When someone we love dies, feelings of guilt often ride upon the shadows of that person’s demise. ‘ What could I have done?  What should I have done better?’  And those feelings may well travel with us long into the future.  Sometimes we must just accept those feelings and live with them.”
He gazed off toward the horizon.  “Guilt, who can understand it?  A mother fills her bosom with it if her newborn passes from the womb, dead.  A father may feel it when his son falls to his death from a tree after scurrying high up it to obtain some sweet fruit for him.  Guilt cares not whether the man is innocent or willful in his actions.  Its goal is to fill the soul with remorse, to wickedly pain the heart.  We must defeat the guilt by denying its glory.  We will not accept its accusations but accept that, for good or ill, all men must one day die.  We must all die.  Illegitimate guilt only makes us lose what joy remains in our lives.”
Dungie smiled, “Father, your words are like a salve that soothes the soul.  Thank you.  I know now what I must do.”
Putting his arm around Dungie’s shoulder, Javan grinned, “So glad I am that my words have assisted you this day.”
“Yes, yes, they have.  Thank you, Father.”
As the two walked along in silence, they eventually came to a promontory that jutted far out from the cliff’s face.  A hundred cubits below, high tide waves driven by persistent, easterly breezes leaped and danced among the rocks resting along the escarpment’s base.  No sandy beaches were visible at this hour, as when the tidewaters were retreated far out to sea.
 Taking Javan’s arm, Dungie urged him to follow.  “Here, Father, this is the place of which I spoke.  I stood upon these very stones last yester eve.  Songs of restful peace filled my heart as I watched the world pass me by as though I rode the brow of a giant ship, me the headman of Destiny’s world.”
Smiling, Javan happily followed his son.  “It would do us both well if such a song still remained haunting this delightful place.”
Standing beside each other, staring out at the endless sea, father and son took in all the joy of the moment that their eyes could behold.  Here, in this one place, the universes of Heaven and Earth chose to gather themselves together to create a singularity of time and space that made a person forget the evil and disquiet that filled the world of mankind with pain and tribulation.  Here a man could feel free the way he was intended to be by the Maker of all Things.
Javan finally broke the silence as he lifted his gaze toward the fathomless sky.  “A vision of eternity I see as I stand here.  How wonderful it will one day be when evil no longer hunts the weak and defenseless child.”  He sighed, contented.
Dungie took a step back, resting his hand on his father’s shoulder.  “Father, do believe me when I tell you that I love you with all my heart!  Please remember it in the long, future days.”  Before Javan could ask what his son was all about, Dungie grunted as he shoved his father forward.
Spinning about as he stumbled and began to fall, Javan grabbed Dungie’s arm, clutching it tight.  Struggling with all his might, Dungie yanked his arm away, Javan’s fingernails tearing long, bloody gashes along it as he fell backward.  For less than a heartbeat, the two men stared into each other’s eyes, Javan’s filled with the searing accusation that he understood well the evil deed being done, and that there could never be absolution for it.  Then he was gone, crashing headlong into the foaming waters and rocks far below.

The sound of pounding hooves set Noahashonie’s heart to racing.  She jumped up from the fur rug, lunging for the opened flap of the tent.  With a toothy grin, and a face filled with restrained desire to shout out a secret, the girl ran into the brilliance of a late afternoon sun.  Expecting to see Javan charging into camp on MaraMonte, waving his hand high as he reigned in his mount before her, Noahashonie was nearly run over by one of Dungie’s guards as he raced on toward the command tent, further up the hill.
The man shouted out something to a group of officers lounging about as he bounded from his horse toward the command tent’s opening.  In only seconds, a dozen soldiers were scurrying about, suiting up and saddling their mounts.  In a few minutes more, the company rode off hard toward the east, their faces filled with dread and concern.
What was this all about?  No one had paid any heed to the girl or anyone in Javan’s camp for that matter, everyone chasing after the guard who was now charging away from the camp ahead of the company at a frightful pace.  A few minutes later, two dozen of Javan’s Templar Guards hurried away toward the east on their horses.  This was all so confusing for Noahashonie.  Javan was late returning, which was not too uncommon, but all the rushing around with no word to anyone in his camp made little sense.
About this time, Tuosolmerica and Swalhawena returned with heavy pots of water retrieved from a nearby stream.  Noahashonie was now concerned all the more.  If there was some sort of trouble, Javan would have requested Tuosol’s company, yet no one bothered to search her out to join them.  The troubled look that grew on Tuosol’s face when she told her what had happened only added to the girl’s disquiet.  For now, there was nothing more to do but wait.  When Javan returned, he would sort this all out for everyone.

It was nearly nightfall before the sound of horses could be heard approaching the camp.  Anxious, Noahashonie hurried out of the tent, expecting to see her exhausted husband riding out of the gathering darkness into the firelight, to tell tales of adventure and excitement.  Instead, Dungie, along with several of his guard and a company of Atlantician mounted troopers rode into the light.
“Where’s Javan?!”  Noahashonie called out, her heart pounding with trepidation.  “Where is my husband?!”
As Dungie quietly dismounted, Tuosolmerica stepped out of the shadows to take hold of Noahashonie’s hand.  The two stood there in silence, waiting to hear whatever news might be delivered.
“My Lady...”  Dungie addressed Noahashonie, refusing to look at Tuosolmerica.  “My Lady, I have most terrible news to tell you!  Long I have lingered, unable to find the words.”
Tears sprang from Noahashonie’s eyes, her heart burning with dread over what message was going to be delivered upon it.  “Tell me?! Tell me what?!”
“My Lady,” Dungie began, “your husband...my father and I went a’walking upon the high cliffs this morning to take in the beauty and majesty of the day, I hoping it would lift both our spirits, suffering so from the loss of our close kindred.”
In mournful prose, he continued, “We walked along some rocky bluffs overlooking the sea far below.  All the while, my father...your husband…became more distraught over the loss of his son...my brother.  I had not seen the man appear so filled with despair as I did this day!  I became concerned and suggested we return to camp for some uplifting music and good food, but he declined, saying the walk was soothing a troubled mind.
“In time, we came to a jutting promontory that extended far out beyond the mountain face.  Father suggested we go out and stand upon the helm of the world to see how far Heaven might be.  At first I declined, but he was determined that we do it.  So I went out and stood beside him at the top of the world, the late morning, tempest tide pounding upon the rocks far below.”
Tears welled up in Dungie’s eyes.  “Father now began to speak in the strangest of ways, telling me how important it is to be a good commander, and the need of being a wise king.  I asked him what he was all about.  It was then he told me to carry well the crown of Dodanim’s kingdom and, turning to look me in the face, commanded I care for and comfort his darling little one, Noahashonie.”
Dungie began to weep.  “No more were the words of promise out of my mouth than my father turned and stepped toward the edge of the cliff!  Realizing what he was doing, I reached out to stop him, we struggling upon the edge of the precipice to where both of us nearly fell to the rocks below.  Eventually father broke my grip on him and he fell or jumped backward.  I don’t know which.”
Noahashonie could bear no more.  Wailing, she fell upon Tuosolmerica, wrapping her arms about the woman in grief.  Tuosol looked up in time to see Dungie’s surprise, he believing the girl was going to seek his comforting arms.  Quickly that look was masked behind one of remorse.
“Where is our king?!”  Tuosolmerica bitterly demanded.
Surprised by Tuosol’s accusative tone, Dungie stumbled at what to say, finally answering, “We searched the waters and rocks along the shore into the later day until the tides were receded far down the beach.  Finally, only a little while ago, we found my father’s body.  Even now, his soldiers are bringing it into camp.  I wished to hurry ahead and deliver this sad news to his companions before he was delivered here to you.”
Looking at the way Dungie was eyeing Noahashonie, Tuosol told the others that she was taking her into the tent until the girl could compose herself.  Directing Swalhawena to accompany them, the three proceeded to leave the others there to wait upon Javan’s arrival.
After soothing Noahashonie’s tumultuous outcries, Tuosol pulled the girl close, drawing Swalhawena into the little circle.  “Please.  Please listen…”  Tuosol commanded in a hushed voice.  “There is little time.  You must listen to my wisdom.”
Noahashonie nodded, forcing back her sobs.  “I…I will try,” she whimpered.
“No!  You will!  You both will!”  Tuosol growled.  “There is little time to tell you what you must know and understand!”
“We will listen,” both the girls answered together.
“Good...  Now hear me carefully.  Child, this time was not kept secret from you.  Dancing Stones warned you many days ago that such a thing might happen.  You will have to ride the horn of despair, and a very rough and joyless ride it will be!  Accept the rape, for it may well preserve your husband’s child alive.”
Noahashonie could hardly believe her ears.  She did not argue, only tried to comprehend Tuosol’s meaning.  “I…  I will try.”
“You must!”  Tuosol’s reply was sharp and harsh.  “Speak to no one of your pregnancy.  Keep it secret.  Keep your child safe.”  She looked at Swalhawena, warning, “You do the same!  If you care for your sister-master at all, you will remain silent, even to the point of death.  She deserves it for the good way she has treated you.”
Pale-faced and in tears, Swalhawena promised, “I will!  I will!  I will protect my sister-master with my life.”
“Good!”  Tuosol sighed, smiling grimly.  “I will do what I can, but alone I stand in this crowd with no other Dragon to support me.  Evil lurks outside this tent and I do not know if we have an ally remaining beyond these walls.  Still, to the point of giving up my life, I shall protect you as best I can.”
Grasping Noahashonie’s arms, Tuosol confessed, “That man outside this tent craves your flesh and will…has stopped at nothing to attain it!  A torturous rape is better than being beaten to death in an angry rape...at least it is such in order to preserve your child.  It is a holy child, made holy by a man born anew in the depths of Eden.”
Looking into Noahashonie’s face, tears streaming down hers, Tuosol commanded, “Even should I die this night, promise me you will ride the horn of despair with the pretense of pleasure!  Make your wails of agony sound like cries of joy…for your own sake, for your child’s.  Promise me!”
Her heart filling with morbid dread, Noahashonie promised, “For…for my child.  For Javan’s child...”
Tuosol hugged Noahashonie tight.  “That’s a good girl.  That’s my good girl.”
Another voice coming from the deep shadows behind the three whispered out in concerned question, “Am I a good girl, too?  I promise not to say a thing.  I promise...”
Tuosol growled sternly, “Come over here!  How long have you been snooping about?”
A little creature emerged from a pile of fur blankets and crawled toward the others.  Just as Tuosol thought it to be, Tosombabanna drew near, tears in her eyes, fearing she would be punished for waking to the sound of hushed voices in the tent.
Tuosol motioned the little one over, snuggling her close while wiping a tear away from the child’s eye.  She kissed her on the forehead, asking, “Do you know what we are talking about?”
Tosombabanna nodded, “Yes.  Master-lady is going to have a baby, just like mommy was going to before the city burned up.”
Brushing the child’s thick, black hair back, Tuosol asked nervously, “Can you keep a secret?  It is a very important secret.  If anyone finds out, your master-lady may become like your mommy did when your city burned.  Do you understand?”
Looking first at her sister and then Noahashonie, Tosombabanna nodded, responding, “I will not tell.  I promise.  I promise…”
Stroking Tosombabanna’s hair, Tuosol smiled, her concern evident.  “Good.  That is very good.”
Then drawing all three to her, Tuosol went on to give this final counsel, “This is a very important day for us all.  We must all remain true to each other.”  She took a sharp flint from her belt pouch.  “Give me your hands, each of you.” Three young hands reached out in her direction.  Taking the flint, Tuosol made a small cut along her palm, and then followed by doing the same with the three hands extended toward her.  When finished, she smiled, directing, “Good.  Now hold them all together in mine.”
Taking her other hand, Tuosol clasped the girls’ hands between hers, pressing them tight against her wound.  As her eyes traveled from curious face to curious face, she explained, “Make this oath to always be true to each other unto death.  ‘We are Sisters of the Bloodwind, daughters from the worlds of Heaven, men, and Hell.  Our kind do not live by code, honor, or creed, but for our sisters’ souls.  We take what we will, when we wish, and how we want, for our sisters’ souls.  Unto death shall we serve our sisters dear, for we are Sisters of the Bloodwind.’  Do you take this oath with me unto death?”
All three nodded, answering affirmatively.  Then, with some assistance from Tuosol, they all repeated the oath.  When finished, Tuosol smiled sadly, bowing her head.  “It is good.  We shall now go and face the demon serpents.”
A sudden commotion arose outside the tent.  Javan’s Templar Guard was arriving with their master’s body.  Dungie called for Noahashonie to join them outside.
Tuosol ordered Swalhawena and Tosombabanna to hide far back in the tent where no one could see them.  “If things go badly, do not come outside, but through the rear of the tent make your escape, not looking back.  Iam will provide for you, should that be the case.  Trust in his love.”
The girls scurried away to hide.
Tuosol took Noahashonie’s hand and stood.  “Together we shall go, at least for this one last time.”
Stepping outside, Noahashonie saw a bundle rolled up tightly in a heavy bearskin.  She cried out and ran toward it, calling out her husband’s name.  A strong hand stopped her before she could get close.
“No.  No, my Lady!” One of Javan’s guards cautioned. “Not tonight, please, my Lady.  Give your servants until tomorrow.  Please wait until tomorrow.”
The girl struggled against the man’s hold until Tuosol placed a hand on her shoulder.  “Give them until tomorrow.  Your husband deserves that much respect from you.  He would want it that way.”
Noahashonie ceased her struggling.  Through her tears, she continued to call out her husband’s name.  The guard promised again that she could come the next day.  For a long time, everyone remained solemnly quiet.  The guards carefully lifted Javan’s wrapped body onto a strong, wicker table and covered it with another fur robe.
When they were finished, Dungie spoke up, quietly clasping his hands together as he leaned forward.  “Well, there is little more that can be done here this night.  Tomorrow we shall gather to celebrate our loss as we have done for my brother.”  He motioned, telling Noahashonie to come with him.
Noahashonie did not move, but remained where she had been standing, staring at the place where Javan’s body was resting.
Dungie stepped forward, extending his hand.  “Come!  It is as your husband wished it.”
Tuosol stepped in front of Noahashonie, drawing a short sword from her kilted waist belt, firelight dancing off glistening, naked skin.  Looking at the wounds on the man’s arm, she declared, “Shall the wife of the king go with his murderer?  Forever does the mark of Cain reveal the truth of it!”
“Kill her!”  Dungie screamed, veins bulging in his neck.Fifty spears pointed down and forward as fifty men stepped together to advance upon Tuosol.
“That is enough!” shouted the Templar guard who had restrained Noahashonie.  With the crashing sound of metal and wood, thirty strong hands drew swords and spears to fend off the coming attack.
Both sides stood glaring at each other, poised for a fight to the death.
“No!  No!  Do not do this terrible thing!” Noahashonie cried.  “Put down your weapons.  I will go with the man.  It is what my husband wanted.”  She knew Dungie was lying, but wished for no one to be hurt.
Dungie smiled and took a step forward to retrieve his prize.
Noahashonie stopped him, lifting a hand up, opposing him.  “I will go only if you swear an oath to your own death should any harm come to these people.”  She pointed toward Tuosol and the readied guards.  “Promise in an oath of death for yourself, or we shall all die here together this night!”
Stunned and surprised by Noahashonie’s bold demands, Dungie struggled to make reply, finally promising with an oath that he would allow them to live, but with conditions.  “I will hold my patience only until the sun reaches into the morning sky.  Should any one of these… these rebels be found in my camp at that time, I will cut them down and feed them to the camp dogs.”
Noahashonie bowed her head and then turned, giving Tuosol a tender kiss on her lips.  She whispered, “We are Sisters of the Bloodwind, as are the Lady and I.  Remember it, please.  Take Tosombabanna along with you, but leave my Swalhawena here with me.  Tomorrow I will send for her.”
Tuosol nodded sadly, placing her sword back in its scabbard as she quietly replied, “We are Sisters of the Bloodwind forever.”
Turning away from Tuosol, Noahashonie, still wearing her celebration finery, stepped up to Dungie, taking him by the hand.  “My Lord, your lady, your servant..”
Dungie grinned like a winning rooster in a cockfight.  Almost dancing, he took Noahashonie away from Javan’s camp to his own tent.  There, that night, and for several following, he made Noahashonie ride the horn of his desire, each night becoming more abusive and demanding than the night before.  Noah was a good girl, screaming out her agonizing torments as though they were the greatest of joys she was receiving from the cruel man.
Tomorrow…tomorrow would be better.  Hopefully ,it would be better.  At least there would be a tomorrow.  The girl continued to remind herself that she lived and endured not for her flesh and spirit, but for the child she carried within, Javan’s child, and also for her sisters.  She now owed her life to the welfare of her sisters.  After all, she was now a Sister of the Bloodwind…

*    *    *

Nervous fingers quietly pushed open the heavy plank door, revealing a modestly adorned room bathed in the golden light of a crackling hearth fire.  Sitting at an oaken table near a corner of the room, ZaphipheRa busied himself with quill and velum, writing in ornate script an account of recent happenings.
With quiet determination, those same nervous fingers slowly closed the door.  A beautiful, young woman entered into the light of the blaze.
Looking up from his handiwork, ZaphipheRa smiled warmly.  “My little Nidgha, I am pleased that you have chosen to come this night.”
Nidgha bowed, bending her knees as she did.  Standing up, she replied, “Grandfather, your little girl has come as you directed.  I did not intend to be late, but other troubling souls hindered my arrival.  Please don’t be angry with your little girl.”
ZaphipheRa stood, asking, curious, “Is there need for me to be angry with you?”
Nidgha’s hands trembled ever so slightly.  “I…I don’t know…only that I feel guilty over failing you in some way.  I do so much want to please my loving grandfather, so much.”
ZaphipheRa silently examined the woman’s appearance, grinning.  This was his finest work of art, his greatest accomplishment.  Many beautiful creations had he made over his lifetime, some of wood or stone, others written in prose and verse, and yet others transformed out of the very flesh of a living being.  Yes, here was his greatest work of art, a living, breathing machine to obey his unquestioned will and carry out his every desire, it all being hidden behind the face of tormented innocence, a tiny soul filled with the hopeless desire to be loved, yet hated by the very mind that sought the needed affection.
Stepping forward with hands outstretched, ZaphipheRa gently squeezed Nidgha’s upper arms, offering his reassurance.  “Never have you been given punishment that you did not deserve.  You know that to be true.  Am I not right?”
Nidgha cast her eyes toward the floor, answering, “Yes grandfather, you have always treated me with love and affection, only giving discipline when your child deserved it.”
“Have you been naughty?” he asked with innocent concern.
Nidgha slowly shook her head as she shrugged, a worried look growing on her face.  “I…I...I don’t know.  I want to be good.”
ZaphipheRa smiled reassuringly, “Well, we shall see.  We shall see.”
He leaned forward, lifting a hand up to Nidgha’s neck, touching it ever so tenderly with a gentle squeeze while whispering quietly in her ear.  The sound of seductive laughter suddenly filled the room.  The woman threw her head back, her face beaming with a wide, toothy smile.
ZaphipheRa grinned, “Isabella, my Isabella…”
Isabella cooed sensually, “Come, my Love.  I have been waiting so long.”  At that, Nidgha began to disrobe, encouraging ZaphipheRa to do the same.  “Please hurry!  I am in passionate need of your touch.” She bent over, resting her upper body on the weathered table surface, facing the dancing fire.  ZaphipheRa quickly disrobed, his manly passions rapidly growing.
Isabella looked over her shoulder, moaning with enticing song at seeing ZaphipheRa’s excited desire.  She then frowned, accusing, “Your child has been very bad, very bad!  Nidgha is not a good child! She falls in love with the boy you sent her to.  She does not listen to us when we tell her not to like him.  She wants to be nice to him, close to him.  She keeps calling him ‘lord’ and ‘god’.  We tell her that you are our lord and god, but she will not listen, only crying out mournfully for him.  Punish the bad girl! Make Nidgha weep in pain, so that she remembers her badness!”
ZaphipheRa asked, “Is this really what my Isabella wants?”
Another voice, distinctly different from Isabella’s, spoke through Nidgha’s mouth.  “She is a very bad child, not listening to her sisters at all!  We warn her, but she will not obey - just cries, whimpers and cries.  Nidgha is not strong like Isis and Toobia.  Punish the wicked child!”
ZaphipheRa nodded, answering, “A little, just a little, to warn your sister that she has been naughty...”
Grasping Nidgha’s hips with his hands, ZaphipheRa grunted as he thrust his manhood hard into the woman the same way a man has intercourse with another man.
Isabella cried with delight, “It hurts Nidgha so that she screams in agony.  Harder!  Please, my god, harder!  Make the little wartling beg for mercy!  Make her wail in agony!”
Abandoning all restraint, ZaphipheRa ravaged Nidgha.  All the while, Isabella was begging that he violate her all the more.  This was what the man enjoyed most, delivering his torture upon a helpless soul while it begged to receive greater mistreatment.  Since a toddler, he had delivered this abuse upon the child until the terror broke her of her senses, she becoming many people trapped in one mind and body.  The fun he enjoyed with her then had never diminished.
As always, after such a violent attack, Nidgha’s bleeding injuries would be cripplingly painful, and not much food could she eat because of her distressful sickness, but Isabella would see to it that little Nidgha received no rest or ease from her discomfort.  Wine, feasting and merry dance were in store for the coming hours.  Isabella would deride little, weak Nidgha for the dizzying bouts of bowel problems and vomiting the woman was to have over the next several days.  No rest.  No rest at all.  She deserved it for being a wicked child!
ZaphipheRa grunted and growled curses while working his passions to new heights.  Isabella swooned with one climactic delight after another as she witnessed Nidgha’s agony.  The louder the screaming Isabella could hear in her mind, the more she cried out in ecstasy.  At long last, after the sifting of half the sand from an hourglass, the man released his sexual elixir, emptying his mind into Nidgha’s as he did.  Now they were one in soul, spirit and flesh.
Tipping his head back, with eyes closed in mental concentration, ZaphipheRa took control of his own flesh so that his manly erection would not fade in its glory.  He then began to tenderly stroke Nidgha’s back, calling out softly to Isabella, speaking to her in loving and endearing terms.
Isabella did not purr as she often did when the man played his fingers across her skin.  She was disappointed.  “Why did our master not punish the evil wartling to the full?!  Why did he not use the whip or the rod?  Does he not love his little children?  Does he not love his little Isabella?  Does he not believe Isabella when she says that the wartling has been wickedly bad?”
While continuing to caress Nidgha’s back and shoulders, ZaphipheRa softly answered, “Darling Isabella has been a very good child, but we must not discipline Nidgha too badly.  We need the boy to see how beautiful little Nidgha is.  He must want little Nidgha more than any other child.”
“But why?”  Isabella moaned.  “The boy is clumsy in his love-making!  It makes your darling Isabella tired.  She has to work so hard to please him when he gives nothing back to Isabella.”
“We need the boy...at least for the moment,” ZaphipheRa warned.
Isabella complained, “But the wartling falls in love with the clumsy boy!  All the wartling talks about in her head all day is the boy.  Wicked Nidgha was not supposed to fall in love.  She is supposed to love you!  I don’t believe she loves you at all.  She thinks bad things about you!”
Startled by Isabella’s revelations, ZaphipheRa silently pondered matters for a moment before finally replying, “Well then, my darling Isabella must keep a close eye on Nidgha.  We need Nidgha to be in love with the boy.  He must not see you or the others until the time is right.  Nidgha’s love will hide you from his sight.”
Isabella whined, “How much longer must we hide behind the wartling?  She is weak and cries at every little thing.  She likes the boy’s touch.”  Isabella shook with disgust.  “It feels so ugly to be touched by him.  And the wartling says nice things to him that makes us sick to hear them.  He is a stupid, clumsy boy, not loving and caring like you.”
ZaphipheRa grinned, stroking Nidgha’s hair, “Now, now there, my loyal, darling Isabella, remember well your assigned duties.  It is you who keeps Nidgha in her place, you who makes sure weak, little Nidgha behaves and obeys everything she is commanded to do.”
Isabella complained, “Why must the wartling receive the praise and glory when it is your darling Isabella who does all the work?  I seduce the boy with my charms.”  She shuddered again at the thought of Dungie’s touch.  “Raising his ardor so that he has intercourse with me, and I please him with all my tantalizing delights and arts…”   She then hissed, “And it’s to that no good, wicked wartling, who has done nothing at all, that he sings out his enduring love to.”
“Now, now...” ZaphipheRa laughed, “We need Nidgha.  You need Nidgha.  Little Nidgha takes the beatings so that you may enjoy the good things.  Someday…someday, someday, Isabella.”  He continued stroking the woman’s hair, bending forward to whisper in her ear.  “I love you, darling Isabella.  You are my favorite child, favorite ever since your father brought you to me to teach his child in all our ways.  You were such a good learner, still are.  You make me proud.”
Isabella whined again, “But how long must your cherished darling be made to hide behind the wicked wartling?  She gets the glory for all our work.”
Running his fingers over Nidgha’s neck and shoulders in a soothing massage, ZaphipheRa answered comfortingly, “My Darling, you enjoy so many good things that you could not have if Nidgha were not with you.  Think...you feel my gentle touch, our sweet lovemaking, hear my tender words of endearment.  Nidgha does not hear or feel these things.  She is the bad girl who must suffer punishment with pain.  Do you feel any of her pain?”
Isabella shook her head, “No, Grandfather, I feel only goodness and love.  You are so kind to me.”
“So it is, then,” ZaphipheRa explained, “Nidgha suffers for her wickedness, but also for the mistakes of her sisters.  You do make mistakes, don’t you?”
Isabella hesitated, finally confessing that she did at times.
“Well now, do you want to suffer the pain of punishment for your mistakes?”
“No!”  Isabella answered, angrily hissing, “I want the wartling to suffer, because she is the villain behind my mistakes.  She is evil!  She does bad things and must be punished.  Her wickedness causes little Isabella to make mistakes.”  Then Isabella complained, “Why must the wartling always be queen?  When will your darling Isabella be made queen?  You promised Isabella that she would be queen someday.  When?”
“Soon, child, soon...” ZaphipheRa crooned.  “When the world gives birth to a new day, a new queen will rise above the land.  Then my darling Isabella can become queen and shine in all her glory.”
“Can we kill the wartling then?” Isabella asked with jealous glee.  “Can we kill the wartling and that ugly boy, too?”
Smiling as he nodded, ZaphipheRa answered, “Someday, my darling Isabella, someday.  There are other things that must be done first, though.  We need Nidgha.  She must use her love to capture the boy’s heart.  Without the boy, there will be no new day, and my darling Isabella will never become queen.  Isabella must suffer a little while longer.”
Isabella fussed a bit, but after ZaphipheRa warned her that he might stop playing if she did not behave, the child quieted down.
Rubbing her back as he enjoyed a renewed arousal of his orgasmic ardor, ZaphipheRa luxuriated in listening to Isabella’s moans and cries of her own sexual excitement.  When she had reached her wave of erotic climaxes, he asked so casually, “Do you like games?  I have a game for you to play tonight.”
Through the gasps of tortured moans, Isabella answered she would love it so.
“Good!  Good!” ZaphipheRa replied, restraining his own passion until his mission with the girl was complete.  “You are to cross the harbor tonight with my two servants.  Go to a humble fisherman’s tavern near the southern wharf called the ‘Midnight Catch’.  There you will find an old sailor by the name of ‘Rapades’ who will be waiting on a bench beside the door.  Go with the man and deliver this message to him for me.  Do you promise to do this?”
“What is my reward?” Isabella asked greedily.
Playing her upper body with his fingers, he answered, “If you are really good, and deliver the message for me, the man I am sending you to will make little, wicked Nidgha cry again just as I have done for you this night.”
Isabella laughed, “It is good!  It is so good!  I will deliver your message.”
ZaphipheRa smiled.  He leaned forward until his mouth was close to Isabella’s ear and whispered the message ever so quietly into it.  When finished, he asked her to repeat it back, which she did, also, ever so quietly.  Then, like a beast in rut, he exuberantly drove his manhood hard upon the girl until he was sexually exhausted.
After the two had dressed, ZaphipheRa touched Isabella upon the neck, squeezing it gently as he leaned forward and whispered in her ear.  The woman blinked and turned, reaching up and touching his hand with question.
Offering a toothy smile, ZaphipheRa gave an explanation as he examined the woman’s perplexed look.  “My dear Nidgha, you must be so tired.  I think you fell asleep a moment ago and I was checking to see if it was so.  You should get some rest.  It’s not good to be going about the city in such a sleepy state.”
Nidgha slowly nodded, “I will, Grandfather, soon, I will.”  She then looked him in the face.  “But first there is a little errand I must run, and then I will get some rest.”  She went to the door, peering into the darkness outside.  “May I have use of your two servants, Zike and Rebottah, for a little while tonight?  I promise I will not be long.”
“Where are you going my child, and what do you intend to do there?”  ZaphipheRa asked, his voice filled with concern.
Nidgha looked back at her grandfather, then out the door and once more back at him, confused.  “I… I…I need to have use of your servants tonight for a little while.  I promise not to be long.”
ZaphipheRa clasped his hands and gave a slight bow of approval, then requested, “By the way, would you tell Sabrina that I need to see her as soon as may be?  Please do this in haste, on the morrow or the next day.  Also, I have need for my young servant boy this night.  Tell him to come and turn my bed down for me.  Tell him not to be late.”
Nidgha smiled, saying she would.  She went over to ZaphipheRa and gave him a hug while kissing him on the cheek.  “Thank you, Grandfather.  I’ll be but a little while and then will return with the others.”
She exited the door, disappearing into the night with a wick lantern that had been hanging upon the mantle, Zike and Rebottah following close behind.

*    *    *

The sealed coffin containing Javan’s body was being carried along the road by eight of his Templar guards.  The northern road upon which they trudged was lined for countless miles by unnumbered thousands of the children of Dodanim.  Javan was their connection to the days of legend, days when the sons of Noah walked the earth.  To them, he was a god in that he was not supposed to be mortal but everlastingly youthful, the same as he was upon his returning from the far north.
As Noahashonie rode MaraMonte, to the side and behind her husband’s usurper and murderer, who was following along after Javan’s coffin, she knew, with but a single shout to the people that this man was the slayer of their king, it would bring about a bloodbath of vengeance against him and all who supported him.  She chose to remain silent and allow the Fates to write out their prose on the pages of history.  Something inside her heart warned the girl that this was not only the ending of an age, but that of a birthing of a new, more violent one, yet one that must come.
Dungie solemnly walked behind the guards carrying Javan on the long road north that would eventually take them all to Castle Dodanim.  There Dungie hoped to be crowned the new king…well, hoped to be appointed king in the manner his people honored such a leader.  As he walked along, the boy was made well aware of just how fragile his hold was over this people.  Throughout the morning, flowers and garments had been thrown down upon the road in front of Javan’s guard, the people doing the same for Noahashonie when she followed up behind.  This was not done for him.  Oh yes, the people were respectful of him, but reverential to the girl.
“Drakon MekhasheflahatYeled Meen Rooakh!  Drakon Mekhasheflahat Yeled Meen Rooakh!” both younglings and seasoned warriors along with the women of all ages cried out when Noahashonie slowly rode by.  Many reached out just to touch the girl’s garments of mourning, crying tears of lament when she passed.
‘Drakon Mekhasheflahat Yeled Meen Rooakh’, meaning ‘Dragon Witch Child of the North Winds’, called out almost in chant-like adoration for the girl roused Dungie’s jealousy while chilling him to the bone.  He had done everything a grieving son should do to gain the devotion of the people and here, instead, they showered their love upon Noahashonie!  How he was beginning to hate the girl for her very existence.
Chancing a glance up at his new wife, Dungie thought how disgusting she had become in his eyes over these past few days, even to the point that he could not raise his manliness to take her the previous night.  What was it about her that had made him love her, desire her so much that he was willing to take another man’s life - his father’s life, no less - just to have the creature in his bed?  Suddenly his mind found the answer.  That was it!  The girl used her witching powers on him to do this evil!  But why?  What was her motive?  To gain the throne by lifting the people up against him?  No, for he could see now that all she need do this very moment was ask the people for it.  What was her motive then?
A shudder ran down his back.  One cry from her and he might well be hanged up on a skewer.  Yet what was he to do?  His heart told him that should a hair of her head come to harm, the people would rise up and destroy him.  The girl was the key to his success.  Dungie scowled in frustration.  He needed to make sure Noahashonie was kept safe.  Moreover, he would have to have her prove her acceptance of him by allowing him to bed her each night along this very long journey north.  The people must see that this was done, or they might rebel and lift her up as their new leader anyway.
How disgusting a thought, for all he could think of was Nidgha – sweet, beautiful Nidgha.  To receive her future love, he must carry out everything commanded of him.  Well, if that was what it cost, then so be it!  He would take some tonic this night to make sure his arousal was strong for the girl, even though her very presence in his bed would be revolting.  She assured she would do this for him if he remained true to his earlier promises.  He would do that, had to…
Noahashonie straddled MaraMonte like a warrior, still carrying the sword given her by the great witch, Lady Sodasonie, that she had retrieved from Javan’s tent the day following Javan’s death.  It was with this sword that she had threatened Dungie that very morning when he attempted to lure Swalhawena to his bed.  “If you touch the flesh of my girl attendant, I shall do to you what is unspeakable, even among the gods!”  snarling, “With my dying breath, I shall call up the demon spirits of Hell and deliver them upon you!”  Dungie pretended bravado, but Noah could see the terror in his eyes.  The girl had powers, or at least he believed it so.  She need little fear any more of the man’s unwanted advances toward her blood sister.
Noah puzzled about something else that had happened.  She thought about how her husband’s tent had been rummaged through while she was with Dungie.  Now she wondered if Javan had treasures hidden that she didn’t know about that others were aware of and were attempting to steal away.  Oh well, there was nothing she could do about it now.  Dancing Stones might have some answers for her.
“Are you comfortable?”  Noah asked as she glanced behind her.
Swalhawena sat a cushioned saddle made especially for her to ride, also, upon her mistress’ great horse.  With both legs hanging off one side of the beast, and a hand resting upon Noah’s thigh, the girl answered, “My sister-queen, I am quite comfortable.  Just sitting beside you refreshes my spirit.”

It was a long, weary twelve miles the procession made that day, tomorrow being the same.  The following day after that, they would load Javan’s coffin onto a horse-drawn wagon and, with the procession members mounted up, would make haste until coming to the army encampments outside Pachakanuunah.  There, for another two days, they would slowly walk their fallen king along the thoroughfares into the city and then north until passing through PoChakkahPeha where they were to camp for the evening.  From that point, they would hurry the funeral procession north to Castle Dodanim, stopping briefly in each of the scattered cities found along the route for the inhabitants to come and mourn their dead leader.
Under normal circumstances, a journey like this should take several weeks, each day filled with ceremonial grieving and then the slow march on foot for the men following behind the processional horns, with the women dressed in long, flowing robes while riding upon beasts or in carriages.  This being a time of war, though - or so said the new leader over all the armies - there was need to make haste and sacrifices in traditions must be made.

After camp was established that first night, Dungie gathered his commanding officers together to finalize his battle plans for the upcoming invasion of the Southlands.  General TiburNuefange was now in command of the Atlantician army, the directive having arrived from King Narduke just that morning.  Generals AbramNeufeld and DavidRhine, both honorable men of the house of Dodanim, were lifted up to command the two standing Dodanimian armies.  The other allied leadership remained the same as earlier.
The question on everyone’s mind was what to do with twenty thousand surrendered soldiers mustered in and around TittenShobontii.  Dungie hoped he could make use of them, especially after secretly conferring with ZaphipheRa two nights before.  So it was that he had ChuphoeTobanahazz join them at the council.
After a long discussion, it was decided - following Chuphoe’s suggestions - that Headman PooHatten would take command of the men willing to wage a campaign against their former ruler, seeing that PooHatten was one of the few officers not removed to the work camps in the north and that he was a good soldier in the eyes of Chuphoe.  Dungie also agreed to return some select officers from the northern labor camps to lend support.
Also, any of the surrendered soldiers refusing to join forces with them would be gathered up and sent north until close of hostilities.  This was a promise made to Chuphoe, to bring no harm to any of his surrendered people, to ensure his continued cooperation.  Although ZaphipheRa cared little for the man, he assured Dungie that Chuphoe would be a loyal chieftain should his promise to do so be given.  Dungie decided to go one step further, to retain Chuphoe as an aide-de-camp, having the man close so that he could keep an eye on him.
Earlier, when Dungie was headman over the Atlantician forces, he had secretly engaged Admiral KufiSauntooh in assisting him with gathering information regarding the giant sky ships.  Now that he was chief commander, Admiral Kufi was busy collecting what remained of his ship’s crews and engineers to attempt building new sky ships with the few parts and pieces of machinery that still existed.
Plans for the coming southern invasion were now drawn up.  Already, battles were raging in the west as the Thornbirge brothers advanced south along the western shore of Lake Tecatucutan and the SinoAlSian Confederacy moved east across the mountains.  Now Dungie would sink the teeth of the wolf into the hunt by bringing to the fore all the remaining might of the northern alliance.
Dungie began, “We shall split the forces of General PooHatten, marching half his army north to lend support to the western thrust of our military.  They will temporarily fall under the command of General AbramNeufeld until qualified officers of their own arrive from the Northlands work camps.  PooHatten and his southern contingent will fall under General DavidRhine’s direction.”
He looked over at the new commander of the Atlantician army.  “General Nuefange will march his army south and to the west until arriving along the coastal waterways of the tidelands, all the while gathering up whatever small ships may be at his disposal.  As fast as may be, his army will journey south, along the coast of the inland sea, past the tidelands, setting ashore at FraidiSoBomba.  After capturing that seaport city, he will march west and south to push AnahNakaNoah’s right flank.”
He stared toward the east as if seeing rolling swells of the Eastern Sea.  “King Narduke is readying a large armada of allied ships, transporting over eighteen thousand infantry and twelve hundred cavalry down past the tidelands to force the surrender of Pharaoh’s cites along the eastern coast.  Once that has been accomplished, the army will move west, overland, to join forces with General Nuefange’s army.”
A wide grin broke across Dungie’s face.  “When the Atlanticians are in place, Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah will not be able to retreat south, into the hinterlands.  The southern worlds beyond will be out of his reach and,” he lifted a finger high, “I doubt the people from the southern kingdoms will come to his aid, seeing the way he has treated them up to this time.”
Looking around at the gathered chieftains, Dungie then explained, “Now, as for the Dodanimians and the other allied forces, those already to the north and encamped near and around Pachakanuunah will immediately make haste toward the west to eventually join forces with the Thornbirge brothers.  General Abram will command this contingent, leaving his immediate lieutenant behind with a division from his army at Pachakanuunah, along with the soldiers from the surrendered army.  “Here is the plan for them.”  He looked at General Chuphoe.  “Under the direction of our engineers, we shall build an armada of ships, using whatever materials from the region as may be necessary, and then our remaining armies will sail south and west until reaching the far shores of the inland sea.  And this building work is to be accomplished before my returning, within thirty days from now.”
A commotion broke out among the commanders.  Voices could be heard murmuring, wondering how this could be done.  One officer pointed toward himself and the other commanders and then swept his hand wide.  “If we managed to cut down all the forests near the sea, did succeed to chisel the beams, and split the planks, and caulk the seams, where are the men to sail the ships or provide the supplies?  How do mortal men succeed with such a task?”
Dungie stood back, smiling, “There are many things mortals can do with the right allies supporting them.  Do you think my father was the only man assisted by the gods?  You do your part and my supporters will do theirs.”  The listeners were stunned, speechless.  Taking advantage of the moment, Dungie explained, “My allies will do their part, but they expect you to do your part also.  We have preserved alive this southern rabble in their cities and villages while we have lived in tents and suffered the privations of war.  They have done nothing to lend us support other than charge us extreme prices for food and other provisions - this to us while they gave freely to Pharaoh everything he asked.  We must now receive from them our just reward for bringing no harm to them when we entered this land.”
General David spoke up, “But your father ordered us to leave these people harmless so that…”
Dungie was curt but polite.  “My father is not here!  Yesterday is gone and a new day rises upon our world.  What was good yesterday is changed in this coming day.  Tomorrow we prepare to move to war against our mortal enemy who sought our eternal destruction and subjugation into slavery.  Our action must be swift, time being of the essence.  If you do not wish to support our people then you - any of you - may leave and we will find others loyal to our people to lead the cause.”
Dungie eyed his commanders.  No one spoke.  After waiting for reply, while his eyes silently drifted from one man to another, he went on to explain what was to be done.
“As General Chuphoe has already informed me, there are many capable sailors among the surrendered soldiers.  They will man the ships that are to be built.  Among them also are woodsmen and carpenters to build our hewn ships.  Yes, I said hewn ships, easy to make and tough, seaworthy, fast.  Some say you cannot overload them because of their seaworthiness.”
He offered, “So, how will we build a fleet in thirty days?”  Not waiting for reply, he answered, “We will make the ungrateful rabble tear down their cities and deliver to us all the materials we need - wood, cloth, iron, copper, and whatever else we require.  Then we shall take foodstuffs as we choose, for it will be a long voyage and longer march to attain the victory we seek.”
Dungie went on to explain in detail the things that were to be done.  Most saw it as a good plan or at least accepted it.  Yet for others, it did not sit so well.  EricTomassie, HiramRabshak, Cothath and his companions, SchroGarthTho, SusannahKiabottam, and LumdonDuridshemion - all children of the Elkhorn - along with a small contingent of other northerners, stood silently near the edge of the firelight, the others paying them little attention.
Yes, this was the end of the old day and a beginning of a new one.  That also meant the chains of yesterday did not bind them to the fates of tomorrow.

*    *    *

Noahashonie’s eyes popped open, hearing a scratching noise coming from the back of the tent.  Startled, she reached out only to find Swalhawena sleeping soundly beside her.  Dungie had tired quickly of the girl this night, sending her away immediately after having relations with her, reaching out for Sabrina’s arms to cleanse himself of her touch.  He would not be seeking her attention again tonight - not until he needed her presence in the morning to help hold the peoples’ affection.  Besides, the man would boldly come through the tent door if he sought her attention, not sneak around scratching, on a tent wall.  Maybe it was an animal.
Noah waited, breathless, listening with all her powers for the sound to repeat itself.  It did.  There was a long pause, and then the girl heard in a voice just above a whisper, “Child…child, it is time.”
Not disturbing her sleeping companion, Noah crept ever so quietly to the tent wall, asking in a hush, “Who is it?”
“It is your sister in the spirit, SusannahKiabottam.  It is time to leave this place.  We must go quickly, for the world turns ever dark around us.”
With Noah’s assistance, Susannah managed to lift the tent wall enough to wiggle inside.  The two women hugged tight.  Then, with tears in her eyes, Susannah urged Noah to hurry so they could quickly leave.  “Take your little companion and dress.  Our people are departing upon the darkness of the moon.  I have come to assist you so that you might make a rapid escape.”
Noah glanced over at Swalhawena, whose breathing reflected a deep sleep.  Slowly turning her head back until she looked into the shadowy darkness at Susannah, the girl shook her head.  “I will not, cannot be going with you.  I must stay the course of my destiny.”
“Why, child?!”  Susannah responded in desperation.  “Surely you know that man murdered your husband!  It is no secret among our kind.  We can feel it upon the breeze.  Can you not feel it also?  He will murder you, too, when he tires of this game he now plays with the people.”
Noah agreed.  “A murderer?  Yes.  This I have known, but my destiny does not walk your road.  I must follow my road I am on to its finish.  Whether it ends in my death or life, I do not know, but it is a road I must take.”
“How so?”  Susannah asked, confused.  “How will this foolishness deliver anything good to you?  Little One, now is the time to flee.”
Squeezing Susannah’s hand, Noah softly answered, “The Woman in the Whispering Waters came to me in a dream just this yester-night.  She has told me to suffer this evil for just a little while.  There are lives that must be saved, delivered from this darkness that falls over this very land.”  She explained, “The Woman said that the Mountain Bear shall return to this land in later days and he shall rip apart Heaven and Earth, consigning the damned to the depths of Hell until the ending hour.  The Woman said the Mountain Bear and a child of the Elkhorn shall raise up a seed that will bring a ruin to all Heaven and Earth and will lift a sword up against the gods, but in the straits of time, at the ending of all things.”
Squeezing Susannah’s hand, she leaned forward, kissing the woman on the lips.  “You must go your way, for the Woman in the Whispering Waters tells me that your journey will be long and very dangerous.  Your tears will be the weapons that you will use to bring down the house of Hormax, but in later days.  I have seen that one day our swords will again be lifted up together against the demon hordes.  The Woman has shown me this.  But for me, I am to rescue the cub who will lift up his rage and bring to ruin the house of Hormax in this land.  This ground is holy.  The Woman in the Whispering Waters will not tolerate its desecration forever.
“My dear sister of the spirit,” Noah wiped tears away from Susannah’s eyes, “tomorrow we will bury my husband’s flesh, but he lives on in spirit in so many different ways.  His name will never be forgotten.  One day, again, the son of the Mountain Bear will stand and roar his defiance, and men will become afraid and filled with dread, for they will see a king with the might of the gods!
“Please don’t cry, my sister.  We shall all become gods ourselves one day, and swords of retribution will be given us in that hour.  Riding behind our king, we will bring down the wicked host and all who follow him!  For now, you must go your way and I will go mine.  Tomorrow, if the Woman is willing, we will meet again.”
Susannah hugged Noahashonie tight once more.  “Then we shall listen to the Woman in the Whispering Waters.  Releasing Noah, Susannah prepared to depart.  “My people - our people go north, returning to the wilderness.  As for me and some of the kinsmen of my house, we go to Tuosolmerica at the Towers of Magog, the House of Ausalmerica.  There it is said the children loyal to your husband are gathering, forming a temple guard in support of the Dragons, Javan’s Templars and their kindred doing the same.  Unto death, they have all sworn their allegiance to the Dragons.  I and my people go to join forces with them.”
“You be careful, please...” Noah begged.  “Dungie will stop at nothing to bring his dreams to reality!  I smell the priests of Hormax in all of this.”
“You be careful, child!”  Susannah hugged Noah again.  “You are living in the belly of the beast.”
Noah smiled sadly, reaching into the darkness and placing a hand on her belly.  “Yes, the beast in the belly, but a beast that is holy and blessed.”
Susannah was confused, but time did not allow her answers.  She kissed Noahashonie and wiggled back through the opening in the tent, scurrying away.  Noah stood, lifting a hand high in parting farewell.  After crawling back under the comfy robe, she snuggled up to Swalhawena, sighing at the feel of the girl’s warm skin.
Her eyes gradually became heavy and Noah drifted off into a dreamy sleep.  Soon she found herself staring into smiling, emerald green eyes.  A soft voice then spoke to her.  “Noahashonie...Noah, the preserver of souls...Ashonie, queen of the eagles, tomorrow, ah yes, tomorrow...  Your road is to be long and filled with peril.  Tomorrow, behind the walls of your husband’s city, will you find your road.”
The vision faded away with the girl’s dreams.  In the following days, she would attempt to understand the words spoken to her, but now the child slept throughout the night with a peace of earlier days when resting in the arms of her husband, Javan.

*    *    *

Dungie’s face turned crimson as his voice rose in an angry, raging storm.  “Impossible!  Impossible!  They could not have just disappeared!  Not all the beasts!  Not all the giant, tusked monsters!  Not all the women and children and soldiers!  Who has betrayed me?  Someone has betrayed me and my people!”
Scanning the fields where the Mozerathas and allied northern tribes were camped only days before, Dungie saw that now there was little remaining other than trampled ground and blackened fire pits.  The hot, dry breezes blowing across these fields created all the more a feeling of empty desolation.  Even smells associated with an abandoned camp city were nonexistent.  It was as if the armies of these people were but a fleeting mist on the tapestry of earlier days that had faded away with the burning sun.
“My Lord,” one of Dungie’s chieftains bowed, “my soldiers were stationed upon all the roads leading away toward the Northlands, a heavy guard placed with them, prepared to turn back anyone deserting your army.  Not one man of theirs marched upon those highways nor was there any report made, warning us the people were breaking camp.  Scouts have also reported back to us that no trail can be found of them taking to the forests.”
Dungie screamed, “Fool!  Fool!  There’s a traitor among us!”  Seething with anger, he turned, glaring into the face of each of his officers.  “One of you has betrayed us, his brothers,” he accused.  “When I find that man, I will slaughter his wives and children in front of his eyes before making him hang his own flailed hide upon the entrance of his tent!”
No one replied.  No one could.  They had no idea how such a large assembly of people and animals along with all their supplies could just disappear.  In frustration, Dungie turned and stormed back to his horse, cursing his men for their incompetence, galloping off to catch up with the funeral caravan that was rapidly making its way toward Pachakanuunah.

That night Dungie gathered his most trusted officers around him to lay out his plans for vengeance against the peoples who abandoned him.  “We cannot leave this matter go!  Because of this evil act perpetrated by our supposedly trustworthy kinsmen in the north, we are now at greater risk for losing to our enemy in the south!  It was fully explained to those chieftains that we desperately needed their cavalry of camels and giant, tusked beasts.  I offered them to let their wives and children return to their homes and only borrow the remainder of their forces for a little while.”
Pacing back and forth, repeatedly clenching his fists in anger, Dungie ranted on.  “Now we are forced to face a powerful foe with reduced support!  Oh yes, I’m assured we will gain the victory, but now there will be many more empty wombs than should have been.  This atrocity cannot be forgotten, cannot go unpunished!”
He stopped, raising a hand high, extending a finger and shaking it. “And of our families and loved ones, their security?  With those hordes of betrayers to the north of our cities, how soon will it be before they gather themselves together to raid our fields and livestock and murder our old men and children while taking our wives and daughters for themselves as slaves and...and...and harlots?  This we cannot allow, not allow at all!”
Looking back at his officers with tear-filled eyes, Dungie exclaimed, “Little we can do for the moment other than leave a heavy guard in the Northlands and pray that our families will remain safe until our return.  Then, in the day of our victory, we shall march north into the wilderness and bring down the evil houses that have deserted us!”
Stepping up close, he shook his raised, clenched fist.  “There is something we can...no, must do even now!  Report has come to me that good-for-nothing men who foolishly honor a dead man are gathering themselves to the city of Ausalmerica, to the Towers of Magog.  This must stop!  Pass word throughout the camps that any man caught attempting to sneak away from his duties to this army will be impaled upon a stake, alive, suffering a slow death!”
He cautioned, “It must not be heard among the people that your leader has spoken these words, but that it is the will of the alliance.  Be discreet but forceful.  Remember, we are attempting to protect our wives and children by not allowing our enemy behind us to grow in strength.  Whatever witchcraft is being schemed against us must be kept in check until our military strength returns north to defeat it.”
Dungie also went on to warn, “There are those who quietly protest my coming kingship.  They seek my death, or at least my banishment.  I must, then, secure the power of the kingdom in order to weld a solid and fast alliance with the children of Dodanim and silence that rabble house!  Until that time, we will need to act with prudence.  So it is to be that stealthily you are to carry out your commission.  When the kingdom is secure, then…well, then we shall see what the gods allow.”

*    *    *

EpiphanOida glanced up from the flowerbeds to see what all the commotion was about.  Coming down the wide street that led west out of the city of Castle Dodanim was a large procession of wagons filled with women and little ones, along with mounted soldiers on horses and camels.  At their head rode NoahDodanim, his younger brother, JokneamHoshoni, at his side, their sons and grandsons accompanying them.  Stepping out from behind the garden wall and into the street, EpiphanOida greeted the company in friendly salutation.
Reining in his mount after drawing near, NoahDodanim returned the greeting, nodding while raising a hand to his forehead in salute.  “My Lady, and a good day to you with a blessing upon you.”
Stepping up to the man, EpiphanOida took Noah’s hand, squeezing it affectionately, looking up into his face, smiling sadly.  “So much like your father you are, gentle and soft of voice, kind of heart.  I will miss your company in future days.”
NoahDodanim replied, “‘Tis I who will miss you, this world, this land all the more, because I do know I shall never see you or it again.”  He stared off toward the east.  “When I was a little lad, I wondered what lay beyond those hills.  Now even that land is not mine to enjoy, but further off shall I search for a new home.”
Tears rolled down EpiphanOida’s cheeks as she followed his gaze, warning, “Take the road that winds over those mountain peaks.  Do not go south upon the broadway, for it may well not be a safe route.  Stay your course until you reach the city of Rabshakkah.  There, the night breezes have told me, you will find a fleet of Phoenician ships waiting to give you passage.  They are manned by men of the Mariner clan.  You can trust them with all your concerns.”  She looked back up at him.  “ZemerTomassie, brother of EricTomassie, awaits you on the other side of those mountains, three, possibly four days’ long march from here.  He and his sons have chosen to journey with you to the lands across the Eastern Sea.  His people will assure you and yours safe passage and swift journey through the wilderness.”
As she stood there, staring at him, Noah asked, “My Lady, why do your refuse to accompany us?  I...my people will keep you safe, and...and my little brother will have a good home to be raised in.”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly, placing her hand on a swelling belly.  “So much would I like that, but…but I must see it through to the finished days of my pregnancy.  My son…your brother…must be birthed on this soil, in this land.  It is his destiny, his home.  I have seen it in my visions.  This is the land in which he shall be birthed, and…” she lowered her eyes toward the earth, “and the land in which I must die.”
Shocked, Noah protested, “This cannot be!  Please come with us.  You need not suffer this at all.  What will it bring you, to stay here when this house falls under the shadow of the Serpent?!  What good does it accomplish?”
Staring back into Noah’s face, EpiphanOida confessed, “There is another holy child yet to come.  I must remain here to see to its success.  There awaits for me a fire in the mountains.  When that day arrives, the time for accounting against our Hormaxian enemy will begin anew.  I must see this through, so that day will arrive.”  She grinned sinisterly, “They do not yet know the peril they are in!  Great is the hidden power of Iam when his dander is up!  Who shall toy with him and not be torn asunder by the maddened she-bears?  It would be better for this evil world that it all perish in the coming conflagration than to suffer the storm prepared for it in future days!”
NoahDodanim did not understand the riddles EpiphanOida spoke.  He did not ask her to explain, something she would not do anyway.  That was the way of this woman.  She riddled as she chose, hiding reality in her words, for good reason.  It was better to leave their true meaning there, in the clouds, until she was ready to reveal them.
Noah bent low and kissed EpiphanOida upon the lips.  Sitting back up in his saddle, he sighed as he stared down into her eyes.  “My Lady, what I would give to share one night in your dreams…the rest of my life and then some.”
EpiphanOida silently smiled up at him, her eyes telling him of her desire to do so, yet showing the impossibility of such a thing ever happening.
He nodded, “I must be going.  A day, an hour I do not have to share with you.  We must be far from this land before the others arrive, for fear a treacherous heart might seek my demise for the blood that is in me.”  He sighed, looking about.  “Let him have it.  Soon it will only be dust and rubble anyway...a forgotten land to dread.”
After kissing NoahDodanim’s hand, EpiphanOida stepped out of the roadway.  With silent tears, she watched the company pass along through the city streets until taking to the eastern mountain road.  Long after the party was gone from sight, EpiphanOida stared down the empty street, her lonely eyes following the road they had taken.

*    *    *

The funerary celebration for Javan, Nazhion, and OriththeaStar lasted the better part of seven days and nights.  For the first five days, the population of the entire city walked about naked in the streets, covered in ashes.  With wailing and loud outcries, the people did not eat food or take to any strong drink during this time.  To their homes they did not return until the rising of the sun on the sixth day.
On that day, all the people bathed and put on their finest of garments.  They brought forth wine and good food, slaughtering beasts aplenty until even the poorest among them feasted to the full.  When darkness fell, torches were lit and no one slept in a bed until a great fire was lit at the entrance of the pit into which Javan and the others were laid.  As the flames leaped high into the sky, the crowds gathered around the pit and tossed dirt into it until a giant mound rose up over the three souls buried beneath.
When finished, the mourners sang songs of lament and honor to the dead until the pillar of fire died low, afterward returning to the city and, upon entering into it, fell down upon the stones in the highways as though dead, sleeping far into the following day.

*   *   *

Having joined with the population of Castle Dodanim were the chieftains and envoys from all the allied lands round about.  Nidgha had come as a representative of Atlanticia, her hooded companions accompanying her.  Now, this morning following, all of them were gathered in the Great Hall to hear report regarding the future of the kingdom of Dodanim, waiting for a word from the city’s headmen as to who would rise up and lead these peoples now.
The Dodanim council finally entered the Great Hall, accompanied by several dozen of Dungie’s personal guard.  The men silently walked to the benches and quietly sat down, the guards standing beside and behind them.  As soon as they were seated, Dungie slowly entered the hall.
After receiving the salutations of gathered dignitaries, Dungie raised his hand to speak.  “My friends and allies from the many free lands, I wish to thank you for your loving kindness in coming here in support of my people and me as we honored our dead.  It has so soothed my heart to have seen you share with me in this grievous moment.”
He glanced toward his seated council.  “I also know you are wondering who will take up the scepter of this kingdom.  Just this morning, the elders of this city and all the other surrounding cities of the kingdom of Dodanim assembled to make a decision.  Seeing that the other sons of Javan refused to show honor to their own father, they chose to give to his only loyal son oversight of this kingdom.”
BondaBoor, chief over the eastern clans of the Riphath, stepped forward.  “That is all well and fine when peace sings a hypnotic song over the land, but we are marching to war.  We…” he swept his hand wide, “we the people, the nations and clans of this world, need more than a guarded council of silent men to pronounce your authority over the people, the army.  We need proof that you have truly become king over this crowd.  Then we can support and follow you the same as we have followed your father.”
There arose murmurings of agreement among the other chieftains and leaders.  Dungie must have proof that he was truly rightful king over all the people in this land.  The kingdom of Dodanim was the largest of all the clans, only Atlanticia being near its equal.  If the people of Dodanim failed to give their full support to their new king, if they did not recognize him as the true and rightful heir of Javan’s throne, then the army might fail in coming battles, possibly deserting their king, should things not go well.  It was too risky a thought to be taken lightly.
Dungie was stunned by BondaBoor’s boldness and the response it engendered.  He did not know how to proceed.  As the unsettled murmurings grew in intensity, a cloaked, hooded man stepped forward.  Raising his hand high to silence the others, he waited for the room to quiet.  When satisfied that he had everyone’s’ attention, he addressed their concerns.
“There is a way…a way to prove to all the people that the spirit of your father resides within you, oh deserved son of this kingdom.  Bring before the people all the wives of your father, from young child to the oldest of gray hairs, and have them confess, each one, her loyalty and fealty to you.  And then, in front of the people, you must lay down and have relations with each one of them.  This way the people will see that the wives of Javan see the spirit of Javan in you, and that they accept you as their new husband-king.”
He turned toward the crowd, his face hidden in deep shadow.  “In this way we...all the leaders and chieftains of the allied world...will accept your kingship and will follow you to the defeat of AnahNakaNoah and his wicked horde.”
At first, the others only stared at the hooded man.  Finally the idea began to sink in, making sense to them.  At length, they lifted up their voices as if one, demanding that Dungie do this.  If he would do this one thing, and the women would pledge their loyalty as wives to him, they would lift him up even over them regarding the warfare to be waged against their common foe.
Dungie was shocked by the recommendations of this hooded man, and the general reaction of the dignitaries gathered there.  At first, the thought of the proposal was troubling to him, though not for the reason many a reader today might find it to be.
To the children of Dodanim who lived in this middle world, taboos on sexuality had not yet reached.  After a child came of age, it was left much to each one’s discretion with whom the person would share his or her love.  It was not unusual for siblings to romance in each other’s arms.  Fathers with daughters and sons with mothers were not uncommon, these relationships often developing into a marriage of sorts.
In fact, among the Dodanimians, it was always considered to be only a marriage of sorts.  If a man or woman tired of the affair, either one was free to depart, the village elders assisting with the division of property, if requested.  As for the children, all children belonged to the woman unless agreed upon beforehand by the couple.  Many a man raised up children as his own who were sired by other fathers.  These children received full family inherent rights as if being blood children.
Even marriage was considered more of an arrangement rather than a binding code.  Many were the married women who had affairs with other men, as their husbands did with other women.  Concubinage and ownership of women was unheard of, but responsibility for the conjugal act was understood and expected.  When a man and woman practiced such a thing - discreetly or in public confession - there arose an expectation that the one would support the other in time of need and with any offspring that might result from such an act.  Some Dodanimian clans made it a yearly requirement for men to provide gifts to their former lovers and children as compensation and in recognition of their responsibilities.  From this, a custom sprang among many clans for an annual festival of gift-giving and merriment.
As a free people, the Dodanimians believed that the body belonged to the person possessing it, not the person’s family, spouse or clan.  What one did - good or bad - with the body Iam gave to that man or woman was between Iam and that person.  It was not the purview of another person to decide what was holy or wicked in the eyes of their God. 
Freedom, though, came with a price, especially in marriage.  If a mate showed callous disregard for the feelings of his or her marriage partner, the slighted mate might well choose to abandon that person, and if the slight was grievous enough, the clan elders might well choose to offer no material compensation to the offending party.
This did not mean that acts of sexual relations were taken lightly by the Dodanimians.  Prostitution was not tolerated among most of the clans, with the offending party usually being driven away from among the people, banishment often meted out, but death on occasion.  Forcible and violent rape or sexual encounters with a child not yet of age were considered a reprehensible insult against the entire clan.  In this case, these often ended with the death of the one committing this offense.  
Dungie was troubled over how he would manage to get Javan’s former wives to make a public oath of exclusive fealty to him, thus surrendering up their freedom of sexual choice and self-will for the remainder of their lives.  It would have to be done in such a way that the people saw it as voluntary and a willingness on each woman’s part.  It must be accepted by the people that Javan’s former wives believed so strongly in Dungie that they wished for him to possess them, their will, and their souls.  If he was successful with this undertaking, the people would unquestioningly accept him as their ruler, making his kingship secure.  But how to do it?
Dungie needed sage advice from someone who understood the intrigues of rulership, and he believed he knew who could give him that wisdom.  He raised his hands to quiet the crowd.  When it was accomplished, he began, “Wise is the man who stirs the hearts of so many capable leaders.  Please, most noble sir, who are you and from where do you come?”
The hooded man stepped forward, still hidden in shrouded robes.  “I, your great and wonderful ruler, am but a lowly servant placed here by the gods at this appointed time, to assure all this vast company success in coming affairs.  The evils of the pharaoh are well known, and the evils committed against your people only a shadow of what he has done to his own subjects.  Heaven is angry over his atrocities, and is raising up a leader who will rescue this world from his evil.”  The hooded man bowed low, extending a hand.  “I am but a humble messenger who speaks for the gods, leading this people to victory.”
Dungie addressed the hooded man, “If that be the case, and you can offer counsel that will assure us victory, then I ask you to come and stand by my side so that I may hear your counsel and sage advice and do what you recommend.  Can you see to it that my people will accept me as king and offer their full loyalty to me?  If you can, then come up here and stand beside me.”
The hooded man bowed low again.  Upon rising, he nodded. “This I can do, for the gods are with you and all your kind and all those who surrender up their support to you.  If it is good in your eyes, then I shall assist you in all these matters.”
“It is good!”  Dungie sang out joyously.
Most of the leaders and other dignitaries gathered there also celebrated their approval with shouted applause.  BondaBoor and his chieftains said nothing, a great feeling of unease sweeping over them.  The words of Javan’s counsel began to sink in.  The city of TittenShobontii was truly a dangerous place.  Already the evil of it was crept in among this very people.  Too late...too late it was now to save this people, but BondaBoor might be able to save his own clans.  Tonight he would seek the counsel of his chieftains as to what should be, could be done.

*    *    *

Dungie sat beside a small oval table near the fireplace, a trusted scribe with quill and parchment seated across from him.  Odethbethel and Noahashonie stood in front of him in stunned silence, having just been informed with the whisperings of the planned upcoming celebrations.
“… and upon the Stone of Eziahmooshem, the kingly stone that is between the broadways before the King’s Gate, is where the celebration of uniting soul and spirit shall take place.  Already my servants are preparing it for this night’s festivities.”
Odethbethel was openly defiant of Dungie’s plan.  “I will not support such a travesty being committed against our ways and customs!  The women of Javan’s household are free women and can choose for themselves who will or will not be a lover or husband to them!”
Dungie shrugged, his earlier coaching by the hooded man serving him well.  He gazed out the window, speaking ever so casually, “I did not call you here for a moot, or to debate the issue.”  He turned his gaze back, looking up into his mother’s face.  “I summoned the both of you here because you are of the cult of the Dragons, being called ‘Daughter Dragons’ and I need your assistance as such.”
Odethbethel’s face reddened in anger, “We will not assist you with this evil!  Never will we sell our souls to you for such outrageous folly!”
“We?”  Dungie grinned, pointing at Noahashonie.  “That creature already has sold her soul to me, surrendering up to me whatever is hers with an oath on the false reasoning that her sister was in some kind of danger.  That oath, by our own law, is ever binding.  She will do whatever is requested of her.”  Surprised, Odethbethel looked into Noahashonie’s eyes, questioning.  Noah silently stood there, somber-faced, saying nothing.
Dungie lowered his hand, gloating, “Although this creature is revered among the peoples to the point of worship, its power is lacking to influence those who need it be done that way.  So to you, my mother and prominent Daughter Dragon, I make appeal to you for assistance in this matter.”
“I will not do this evil thing!” Odethbethel protested.  “Kill me, murder me also as you did your father...murder both of us!  Whatever you threaten to do against us will do you no good!  This evil must rest on your shoulders!”
A wisp of guilty anger swept across Dungie’s face, quickly masking it with a sinister smile.  “These vicious rumors that I have heard of treachery and murder, I have tolerated because I am a merciful man, but should your mouth speak it one more time, I will remove your tongue and cast it to the dogs!  Trust me, this I will do.”
Odethbethel was stunned.  “You are not my son!  Who are you to act in such an evil and despicable way?!”
Dungie slowly stood and clasping his hands behind him, strolled over to the window, gazing across the greens toward the king’s palace.  “You do not fear your own death or torture, or even that of the creature standing beside you.  This I know for a fact.  Your blood flows through my veins, your nature in that blood also in me.  Do not toy with me, for that nature in a man is far more powerful than in a frail creature like you!  You will lose in a contest against me…have lost.”
Odethbethel silently glared, angry but curious.  What was her son about?  This boy was far too confident to merely be playing a mind game.  He had a hidden weapon that he could use against her, but what?  She need not wait long to find out.
Glancing back at her and then again out the window, he mused,  “My guards have taken a very agitated and distraught Dancing Stones to the king’s chamber in that yonder tower.  It would be such a blow to lose both mother and child on a day when so much mourning over the loss of kindred and loved ones has but only finished.”
Blurting out her disbelief, Odethbethel cried, “You would not, could not do such a thing!  The people would rise up and burn you and all with you in the fire!”
He shot back at his mother in mock offense, “I would never do such an evil thing!  Do not accuse me of it!”    Truth be said, Dungie dared not hurt EpiphanOida for the fear of the people’s wrath.  Alive he must keep her with the intent of taking away her child in death after its birthing.  EpiphanOida would then remain locked away in the king’s chamber until she died, either of natural or other causes.
Stepping away from the window, Dungie explained, “I only speak in dismay of sad happenings.  Here we see that Dancing Stones, in agitated grief, finds that her body has revolted against her darling child and sends an abortion on it.  When she sees that Javan’s son is no more, she flings herself from the tower window to the street far below, suffering a terrible death.  Even now there are surgeons waiting upon the moment, being ever watchful for coming events.”   Dungie groaned, feigning upset, “The people would grieve...we would grieve, I would grieve.  Then, out of despair over all the loss of precious life that was so close to your hearts, you and this creature would drink poison, not wishing to endure another day of wretched life.  So sad...  So very sad…”
Sitting back down, resting his forehead in his hand as though mourning, Dungie confessed, “The other wives of Javan would still come to me and confirm their fealty and undying loyalty to me, but by whip and raping, they would do it…it being done to teach them submission to their king-husband, and to show them their place and value in this kingdom.”  He turned his head and smugly looked up at his mother.  “So do you wish to reconsider my proposal?  Do we have an agreement?”
Odethbethel fumed, “You will not get away with this travesty of justice!  Iam will bring you down to ruin!”
Dungie laughed, scoffing, “Iam!  Iam?  He is nothing more than a puny, cowardly God, hiding behind the skirts of women who do his dirty work!  Iam be damned and gone from this land for good!”  He paused, smiling, and asked again, “Do you wish to reconsider my proposal?”
At length, Odethbethel relented, promising to do all that was demanded of her.
Dungie jumped up, clapping his hands together.  “Good!  Now prepare yourself, my mother and soon to be lover-wife.  Tonight you become the first fruits of my kingly manhood.  You will set the example for all the others to follow.  Tomorrow I will have this creature do the same for me as you do this day.  And the day after, and the day after that, I will do with the wives of Javan until all the wives of my father have sworn unfailing devotion to me.”
Then placing a hand to his heart while making a sad face, he bemoaned, “It is not without sacrifice that I do all these things!  Why, I have had to drink a potion these past several nights now just to gain ardor enough to have intercourse with this ugly, little creature,” he lamented, looking at Noahashonie.  “I suppose I will need to do the same on the morrow eve.  This I imagine also to be my fate with the old and haggardly women I must bed before this ordeal is finished.”  Shaking a finger at his mother, he threatened, “You I expect seduction from.  Tease me in such a way that my ardor becomes like wood, and so that the men watching will become envious of me in that they cannot have a lover like you in their own beds.  You can do this, because I have heard my father speak with pride of your amorous prowess.”
Swallowing bile, Odethbethel bowed her head, promising to dance seductively and raise the boy’s ardor up to power and glory.  After being dismissed, she and Noahashonie hurried away.  Upon reaching a secluded place, they grasped hold of each other and wept in grief until no more tears would come.
After their tears subsided, Noah reached up and began to softly stroke Odethbethel’s hair.  “Come, my Lady, I will assist you with a warm bath and help in your preparation for this night’s festivities.  Being raped is not so difficult if it is allowed for the right reason.  It hurts only a little when you don’t think about it as rape.  Close your eyes and pretend...pretend it is someone who loves you.  It will be less painful.”
Odethbethel hugged Noahashonie, tears again streaming down her face.  “I will listen to your wisdom, Little One.  I will dance tonight for our true husband, Javan, for Dancing Stones, for you, and…and for our people.  May Iam have mercy upon us...”

The night’s festivities went as well as might be expected...even better, at least for Dungie.  Ticks of straw and feathers were placed upon the stone of Eziahmooshem with coverlets of white, with embroidered flowers dyed red draped over it.  A hanging shroud of silken walls provided the only privacy afforded the two lovers this night.  The people must see for a fact that the wives of Javan accepted Dungie’s manliness on to the full climax of his release.  This would be the proof needed to show that these women accepted him as their rightful king.
Odethbethel practiced her most alluring arts upon the boy...arts taught to her by EpiphanOida, arts that even Nidgha had no knowledge of.  When it came time for intercourse, Dungie’s amorous adventure lasted only moments before his climactic eruptions made him cry out in ecstasy.  This, after Odethbethel’s vows of fealty and lasting devotion…all the words given her to say by the scribe…made Dungie’s heart rejoice with selfish delight.
The gathered crowds were won over by Odethbethel’s performance, too.  The men moaned with selfish desire, lusting for the flesh of a woman they could never have, an unreachable queen.  The women groaned with arousal, wishing they had husbands who were lovers enough to raise their passions as high as Dungie had done for Odethbethel.
This ritual of romance would be followed on the morrow eve, and the evenings after that, until all the wives of Javan had wrapped themselves in the embrace of Dungie’s manly love.  When that particular night’s festivities were finished, each of the boy’s new wives would go to the king’s wifely chambers until called forth by the new king to receive his attention.
After these marriages came eight days of wild celebration, with eating and drinking bouts, Odethbethel being called out many times to repeat her seductive dance for the new king’s guests.  Each time, the king would mount her as part of her finishing act, much to the pleasure of all onlookers.

It was near the end of the third week, after having first taken Odethbethel as wife, report was made to Dungie that ships for taking his army across the inland sea were nearly complete.  He hastily began preparations to make a rapid return to Pachakanuunah, or what little was left of it.  Only a shadow of that city remained, most of the grand buildings having been torn down for needed shipbuilding materials, and the lesser homes destroyed for firewood and other camp requirements.
As the late afternoon sun slowly fell toward the western hills, Odethbethel and Noahashonie approached the king’s house to seek an audience with him.  Inside, Dungie was in private conference with the hooded man and his two hooded companions.  As Dungie knew, the hooded man was ZaphipheRa and the other two men were Zike and Rebottah.  The two men, having regained their speech through a miraculous regeneration of their tongues - or so said ZaphipheRa - were chattering away with insights requested and not so.
ZaphipheRa leaned forward to speak quietly in Dungie’s ear. “My darling queen, Nidgha, is requesting your company tonight.  Do you think a king like yourself would be interested in favoring her request?”
Dungie beamed with delight and desire.  “Oh, yes!  I have waited so long for her touch again.  She plays hard, you know.  Very demanding she is…”
ZaphipheRa winked, “But my Lord, it is worth the wait, is it not?  Who is like the woman among womankind?  Few other pleasures exist that can be compared to the ones that woman can provide, or so says the man who owns her as queen.”
Dungie frowned, concerned, “Do I make an enemy of the king of Atlanticia over this woman?  I dread should he take offense at the company I keep with her.”
Laughing, ZaphipheRa answered, “Fear not, my King.  King Narduke has many other playthings that interest him.  Queen Nidgha was never his favorite, she being more a status symbol for him to hang on his arm.  Her beauty, you know…”
Dungie nodded, rubbing his chin.
ZaphipheRa went on, “The king used Nidgha to seduce you into remaining with his army, he trusting that her charms would convince you to continue as head over the men.  You see, the fellow does not do well in the wild.  He likes the city life and all the good things a city can provide.  He trusts your abilities with the soldiers and has confidence in your success during the upcoming battles.  May I suggest that you have Nidgha ride beside you as a queenly representative of the Atlanticians when we march against our enemy.  It will do so much to lift the hearts of Narduke’s soldiers to see that one of their people leads them.”
The counsel sounded good to Dungie.  “It shall be done, just as your wise words suggest.”  Dungie was so pleased to think that he and Nidgha could be together openly now in the day, while sharing a bed in the night, he offered a gift of his choosing to ZaphipheRa.
Grinning, ZaphipheRa did not hesitate to make request.  “You have a creature here in this house that has become loathsome in your eyes, and yet you are forced to harbor it under your roof.  This creature, they say, is a Daughter Dragon with some power.  I would like to take this creature for a while to see how it ticks, to train it if possible, and make it into something worthwhile...for you, of course.  Hopefully, I might be able to return it a more valuable, pleasurable object for your kingly benefit.”
This sounded too good for Dungie’s ears.  He was about to accept ZaphipheRa’s request when the house servant stepped into the room to announce the arrival of Odethbethel and Noahashonie.  Entering in before Dungie, the two women bowed low, paying homage to their lord and master.
Mildly irritated by this intrusion, but also pleased with the idea that he could hand Noah over to ZaphipheRa here and now, not having to deal with the girl anymore, Dungie curtly demanded, “What do the two of you want with me?!  You’re bothering me while I search for wisdom from my wise counselors.”
Odethbethel extended her hands while remaining bowed low, “My Lord, we come to you with news that you will want to hear, to spread among the people.  It will secure your kingdom for you and establish well this house for you to time indefinite.”
Dungie now became impatient to hear what this news might be.  “Stand, woman!  Do not loiter about the king’s business!  Tell me what is so astounding.”
Odethbethel and Noahashonie stood up.  “My King, my Lord,” Odethbethel began, “just this morning, after our bath, the surgeons came to check upon our welfare, just as you had ordered them to do.  What they found was certainly amazing and wonderful.  They have found that I and this girl here are pregnant with child.  They say you have fathered a little girl by the will of the gods, this girl being made pregnant by you some time back, after she came to you on that night at TittenShobontii when your father passed away.  For me, it is uncertain which it is at the moment.”
Dungie jumped up and danced about the room, singing joyously, then ran over to each of the women, kissing them both on their foreheads.  “Oh, this is so great a joy!  My kingdom is now made secure!”  He stepped back, grinning, “We must hurry!  Go quickly and prepare.  Dress in your royal garb and bring kingly horses to ride in the streets. You both will ride at my side.  With drum and fife, we shall parade through the streets, our troubadours calling out this momentous news.”
Turning, Dungie shouted for ZaphipheRa to gather all the dignitaries for a grand celebration.  “We will show them how the gods have blessed this kingly arrangement!  Tonight...tonight the wine will flow in rivers until drunken all our guests must become!”  He turned back to the two women, motioning them away.  “Be off!  Be off!  Hurry now!  Hurry!  My servants will arrive quickly to bring you.  You must be ready when they come.”
Odethbethel and Noahashonie went off in a rush.  After they departed, Dungie stepped up to ZaphipheRa, shaking his head.  “The creature is ugly in my eyes!  I do detest her so, but she with my child cannot be handed over to another man for rape and torture, and that is what I believe is intended for her…to teach her, of course.”  He lifted a hand to ZaphipheRa in promise, “When she has given birth, I shall call upon a wet nurse to care for the child.  Then you can take the creature and do as you please with her up to death, but do not kill her.  I need her to hold this people together for the moment.”
ZaphipheRa bowed, disappointed.  “It is good, my Lord.  I shall wait with expectation until you deliver the creature into my hands.”

*    *    *

Winter winds whistled around the humble house of mud and wood, driving the falling snow across open spaces, drifts piling up against anything daring to stand and oppose the blowing storm.  Inside, a happy fire crackled a merry tune, shedding its golden light about a large room filled with laughter and animated conversation.
This was the fifth day since Odethbethel and Noahashonie had arrived at the city of Ausalmerica.  Tuosolmerica, being the gracious hostess she was, had made the women quite at home, sharing with them all the luxuries available to her.  Food was aplenty, what with the outstandingly long growing season and invitingly warm, fall rains and such.
Tuosol came from the hearth with a big pot of steeped tea.  Smiling as she refilled the many empty cups at the table, the woman commented,  “Even the oaks filled to the limit this year to the point that limbs, at times, would crack and fall from the trees under the weight of the acorns.  What with the bountiful supply of hickory nuts, beechnuts, chestnuts, and, of course, acorns, all the mighty company gathered here in the city has had more than enough to feast upon.  Why, even the deer and elk have flooded the land around us.”
As Hilga lifted a wafer made of acorn flour and honey to her lips, she made the point, “All the more a sign that the ending hour our sister, Dancing Stones, reported to us, is already begun.”
Swalhawena piped up, eyes twinkling, her mouth filled with sweet delights, “Dancing Stones tells us of six more harvests like this.  ‘Beyond measuring!’ she says.  She says, also, that seven years will follow in which the world will starve and many men will die.”
Hilga placed a hand on Swalhawena’s arm.  “You, child, do listen well to your mistresses.  It will serve you in future days.”  She glanced over at Noahashonie who was looking intently at her child companion.  The two girls were inseparable, always together, sleeping in each other’s arms, riding the same beast when on a journey, wearing the same clothes, together in whatever they were doing.
Noah looked up at Tuosol, who was pouring some of the hot brew into the girl’s cup, asking, “What does it really mean, my sister?  Do the worlds of men come to an end in those many years?  I dread the stories I hear, but feel I play some part, not in them, but far beyond them.”
Tuosol smiled, grim-faced, “Child, you give me hope, but also dread!  Iam didn’t appoint you a Daughter Dragon without reason, not at the end of our age when the Dragons have diminished so and the world of men rules supreme.”
She put the kettle down and reached over, taking Noah’s hands.  “Long ago, or so I have been told, when the sons and daughters of Aphrodite and Noah were still young and strong, there were gathered to a great moot all the faithful and willing children to create a group of people called ‘Oracles of Promise’.”
The woman winked, “Secret though it is for this child…” she motioned with her head indicating herself, “this child was told secrets that were not to be known among the others.  Dancing Stones was in a fever after the great battle upon the blistered plain where we fought the children of Legion and Hormax.  In her sickness, she spoke to me as if I were Aphrodite, not the little girl, Tuosol.  I, being a curious child, did not turn away but listened with awe to the words she revealed.  Some of them I will speak to you now.”
Tuosol sat at the table, all eyes on her.  “In my sister’s feverish dreams, she spoke of the past when Aphrodite drew her away from the others, telling her to speak of this matter to no one until the ending hour.  Well, my ears tingled with excitement, and to this day, have not forgotten a single thing Dancing Stones said to me during those fitful dreams.  The gist of it is this:
“The age of the Dragons must come to an end.  By fire and flood, it will come to its finish.  No more will the power of the Dragons be seen or felt in the world of men.  In that age, the Serpent will come and steal that name away for himself, and all mankind will forget the Dragons and all the things they have done until the man of peace and war comes and reveals them again to all the worlds of men.  By the Devil’s seed will this revealing take place.
“Then my sister, the one you know as ‘Dancing Stones’, was not yet known as ‘Dancing Stones’, but born ‘Sarah Sands’ was she. Aphrodite named her ‘EpiphanOida’ after the last great battle between men and gods.  In an ancient tongue, ‘EpiphanOida’ means ‘Birth-Mother of the Gorgons, Slayer of Demons’.”
“What is a gorgon?”  Tosombabanna chimed in, her fingers reaching for another honey wafer.
Tuosol grinned, “I don’t know for sure, but the word means, ‘She-Watcher over the Lower Pits’, a very ominous meaning.”
She looked around the room, her face grim as she continued, “Dancing Stones then chanted this little verse, which troubles my soul.

‘Where the river crosses time and space and witches’ caldrons brew,
resides a golden jackals’ lair and a pit reserved for you.
We ride upon a midnight fleece of fire, beasts, and hounds.
Upon your flesh the gorgons feast until your cherished manhood drowns.’

Though I don’t understand its riddling meaning, it chills my bones to think of it.”  After pouring some tea for herself, Tuosol had more to relate.  “Then Dancing Stones went on to utter the strangest of riddles.  She said that when fire ascends toward the heavens, a sister of blood will descend from the heavens and give to the souls of her choosing stones of life and power so that they become gorgons, spirits of flesh and bone.  This too, I have now shared with you, a secret I do not understand.  May it only have been a vision of a feverish mind hallucinating in its sickness?  Whatever…it is now yours to mull over as I have these countless years since hearing it.  May Dancing Stones forgive me for being such a little snoop so long ago, and for telling you now.”
Holding the wafer in her fingers, Tosombabanna asked, curious, “Will I become a gorgon someday?”
Everyone laughed.  Tuosol smiled, “Little One, it is not for me to know when or if this will take place, but I’m sure you would make a fine, little gorgon.”  She winked.
Odethbethel frowned, peering into her steaming cup of tea.  “Our sister, Dancing Stones, suffers greatly, being held prisoner within the confines of that drafty palace tower.  The guards see to her needs to keep her alive, but offer no respect or recompense for being a Daughter Dragon.”  She looked up, forlorn.  “If not for the gifts of foodstuffs and warm clothing from a few of the loyal people, I doubt the woman could survive the bitter world in which she is forced to live.”
Noahashonie added, “We go to visit, the guards allowing us entry, but they do not care to assist her, themselves.  Wood they bring for a fire, and water enough to drink, but if not for others of the people who care for her bath and other such needs, she would have nothing at all.  Where is Iam in all of this?  Is he really gone away along with his Sky Children, like some of the elders of the city say?”
Tuosol shook her head.  “No, child, no.  Iam doesn’t go away, but he does allow his purpose to come to a finish.”  She sat back, asking, “Tell me, please, is it less painful to the body for a man to waste away with a cancer that eats up bone and flesh than for a man held deep within a prison hole, malnourished and suffering cold and torture?”
Noah answered, “Not in the body, for pain is pain, whether it comes from inside or outside the body.  Still, it is the heart that suffers all the more when another man holds his fellow man in chains other than when one’s own body binds up the spirit.”
Tuosol agreed.  “True are your observations, Little One.  Wisdom you have aplenty, but not the insight yet to exercise it to the full.  Not all men suffer loss of freedom by lack of choice, but by will of self, they may suffer, even unto death if the cause is of their choosing.”  She leaned forward, reaching out and taking Noah’s hand.  “Do you not understand, you being a Daughter Dragon, yourself, that choices are sometimes made by will, one seeing the greater purpose?  This I do know you have done.  That is why your child lives.  Dancing Stones see things afar off and does what must be done to save alive the flesh of many babes.
“Our sister, Dancing Stones, could walk free from that chamber at any time she chooses, her powers greater than any man can imagine.  To preserve life, she remains, even unto death, if necessary.  I tell you, I believe that if the people did not come to minister to this holy child, the Sky Children would themselves do it…much to our own shame.”
At that moment, the door burst open, a harsh winter wind sweeping its chill over all inside.  The fire danced in revolt against the attacking breeze, casting long shadows across the room.
“Hey, all!”  BondaBoor’s booming voice filled the room as he kicked away clumps of snow from his boots.  His arms filled with fresh-split wood, he was quickly followed by three young fellows, two also loaded up with firewood, and the last having a crippled hand, carrying a bucket of fresh milk.
Closing the door quickly behind them, BondaBoor called out, “It is a vengeful beast outside, but one that is tiring of the game.  Tomorrow it will ease and be gone by the next.”  He stepped over to the fireplace and dumped his wood down beside it.  The boys did the same.
Standing up and stretching a sore back, he looked at Noah, asking, “Do you remember this fellow here?  He says he remembers you all so well.”
Noah carefully studied the young fellow BondaBoor was pointing at.  “I do recall a face such as his, but, but I…”  Then a smile grew on her lips, she asking, “Are you the captive one on the road who I gave the water to?”
The boy bowed.  “Yes, my Lady.  My name is ‘JuuFet’, son of the HuumTonn people, in a land that does not know snow.  The gods have delivered me here this day to thank you for the great kindness you offered me.  I am ever your servant.”
Noahashonie grinned, replying, “You can begin to thank me by learning about the God I love, and who has rescued me and my people down to this day.”
JuuFet bowed again.  “This God of yours I will be happy to find, should someone teach me about him.”
“That I will do!”  Noah exclaimed.
BondaBoor laughed, looking at JuuFet.  “I guess you have acquired a new master, my fine, young fellow.  She is a witch, you know.  Mind her words, or you might learn to regret your offer!”
The others in the room laughed.  Noah then stated her demand. “Very well, my young servant companion, here is your first command. Tell me, please, who this other fine fellow is.”
JuuFet bowed again, smiling, “This is Kontin - KontinKuken, from the lands of the Swoherie.  He rode a sky ship to this destiny and to his severe injury.”  He directed Noah’s attention to Kontin’s crippled hand.
Kontin bowed, embarrassed.  “Your slave, my Lady.”
Noah’s response was quick and almost curt.  “There are no slaves in this place, only attendants who serve but a short time under another’s yoke.”
Tuosol turned, reaching out a hand.  “Come here, boy.  Let me take a look at your injury.”  Hesitantly, Kontin obeyed.  After carefully examining it, she offered, “I believe I may be able to help with this, but not today.  You become my attendant and stay with me and I will do what I can for you.  Is it a fair deal?”
Kontin grinned from ear to ear.  “Yes, my Lady!  Yes, whatever you wish, I will do.”
Everyone laughed.  Tuosol offered another round of hot tea, and gathered up another plate of honey wafers, placing it on the table.  The room was soon filled with merry chatter and story-telling.
It was during this later time that the third young fellow quietly approached Noahashonie.  Resting his hands on her shoulders, he leaned close to her ear, whispering, “I have something I wish to show you, should you want to join me in the nearby stables.”
Noah blushed.  “Rae, you know I cannot resist your offer.”
Rae - RaeMericaTomassie, son of HilgaTomassie - squeezed Noah’s shoulders, whispering once more, “Then hurry to find out what I wish to show you.”
Jumping up from the table so quickly that she almost spilt the tea from her cup, Noah hurried to gather her winter shawl before heading for the door.
“Hey, wait!” a stern voice called out.
Stopping quickly, like a child caught with a handful of stolen cakes, Noah looked over her shoulder at Odethbethel, fearing what she might say.
“It is too cold a day to go out without your boots!”  She then looked at the girl’s shawl, feeling she knew well what the adventure was about.  “And wrap yourself up in that thick robe over there, just in case, you know.  It’s cold out there.”
Blushing anew, Noah thanked Odethbethel, slipped on her fur boots and wrapped the heavy bearskin robe about her.  “Thank you, sister,” she replied and dashed out the door.
As Rae and Noah neared the stable, the boy took her hand.  Noah looked into his eyes, smiling, “I am owned by a king, you know.  Even touching me might get you stoned.”
Rae said nothing, only smiling his defiance.  After closing the livery door behind them, Rae reached out and took Noah in a sweeping embrace, kissing her lips repeatedly.
Noah protested while delighting in the boy’s romantic advances.  “I am a married woman of the king, sworn to be his servant-wife, alone, and I am very much heavy with child.  Do you know all these things, or are you a foolish, young cad with no knowledge or wisdom?”
Rae laughed, “You are the most beautiful creature in this world, your pregnancy only making you more desirable, my only regret being that the child is not mine!”
Noah laughed, placing a finger to Rae’s lips.  Taking his hand, she hurried him up to the mow.  Spreading the bearskin upon the straw, the girl disrobed, quickly doing the same with Rae.  She then pulled him down and drew the robe over the two of them.  It was well after dark before they returned to the humble home.

After Rae and Noah departed, the conversation around the table turned to more serious matters.  The danger was ever growing for any who supported the Dragons, or even proclaimed their exclusive belief in Iam.  There had been a continual increase of gray-hooded men journeying up the South Road to the scattered cities round about.  In some places, towers of worship and sacrifice were being established.  Also, here and there, black crucifixes were being painted upon walls and way signs.
BondaBoor stood and began to pace.  “It has been reported to me by my scouts that several companies of the king’s special guard, men calling themselves the ‘Holy Knights’, are making their way north to prepare for the return of their leader.  This blizzard has reached far to the south and is much worse down there than here.  It buys my men and me some time, but still, we must be leaving for Castle Dodanim before the moon sinks into shadows.  That is only two days from now.”
He looked toward the door as if seeing his journey beginning.  “My troop and I will take the North Road to Castle Dodanim.  There I pray to see Dancing Stones for a little while.  From there, we will take the eastern road over the mountains.  Already my people prepare for war, your king swearing vengeance against the clans of Riphath for abandoning him in front of TittenShobontii.  It has been said that AnahNakaNoah’s city has fallen and that he is a fugitive.  After his capture, I fear the weight of Dungie’s army will advance upon us.  Little hope we have of winning, but fight we must.”
Odethbethel spoke up.  “I and those with me will accompany you back to Castle Dodanim.  I fear my guard is too small should any of those Holy Knights already be in this area.  I have heard they are murderously ruthless, pillage and rape being common atrocities committed by them.”
Tuosol agreed.  “Anything to keep order…  It is the mark of Hormax, a certain proof that they have infiltrated our world.”
BondaBoor turned to Hilga.  “I understand you’re staying with your sisters in this time of distress, but what of your boy, Rae?  Should he not return home to his father to offer his support?  After all, little more liked are your people than mine by Dungie.”
Hilga smiled, shaking her head.  “Rae is not a child any longer.  He slew Prince RuckShakkahRa at the battle for the fords, felling him with his sling before skewering the man with his lance.  My husband sees him as a man and able to make his own decisions.  Rae chooses to stay and trust the Fates with me.  It is dangerous for him to stay, especially the way he takes to that girl, Noah, the wife of Dungie the king.  But it is not a choice I will intrude upon.  As I say, he is a man.”
BondaBoor slowly nodded, saying nothing.  Eventually he stood and threw some more split logs onto the fire.  Rubbing his hands as he stared into the blaze, he asked Odethbethel, “So, what of you and the child, Noah, I mean?  What are you two going to do, just go back to Castle Dodanim and wait upon the Fates to see what your king has in mind?  His power grows every day with each passing victory against Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah.”
Odethbethel replied, “Noah is determined to remain in Castle Dodanim, at least for the moment.  The child says the spirit keeps seeking her presence there.  I do not pretend to know why, but have long given up on understanding the will of Iam.  Noah rarely speaks that name, but talks of Wenonah, the Woman in the Whispering Waters.  It has been as if she, alone, was the companion of the girl.  Maybe for special reason, it is so.  I do not know.”
Odethbethel then sighed, uncertain.  “As for me, I both love and hate this life growing within me.  Love it because he is a son of mine, a living part of me.  Hate it because he is a creature of rape by my own son, a rape that I had to pretend I enjoyed… no, but that I lusted after, craving Dungie’s manly charms!  And this I was forced to do for him day after dreadful day, until he was satisfied I’d been driven into submission.”
BondaBoor turned away from the fire to stare into Odethbethel’s face.
Odethbethel looked up at him.  “There is no place for me to go.  I am becoming old.  My flesh is not that of a young woman anymore.  Surprised I am to find that I was still so alluring to the men who watched me prostitute myself before them.  More than one of the men and women who were entertained by my provocative dances made secret advances upon me for their attention.  I believe that had circumstances been different, Dungie would have sold me to them...if the price was right, of course.”
Frowning, BondaBoor commented, “You are still a very beautiful woman, a queenly woman.  Many a man, noble or less, would pay a high price to share your bed.  Don’t forget that!  Dungie returns soon, a new man with new powers.  If he feels that he does not need you as a loyal wife, he might use you as a bargaining chip to increase his popularity or advance his kingship.”
Laughing, Odethbethel lamented, “To the older men, I may appear young and beautiful, but a woman nearly sixty years of age am I.  I am surprised the power of life still resides within me.  I believed my daughter, OriththeaStar, was to be the child of my old age, but now I carry another many years her junior.  No, where there is a warm fireplace for me, a bed to rest in, and food to preserve me, there, I think, I shall attempt to find my contentment.”
BondaBoor was not pleased.  “You deceive yourself!  I am a man your junior by nearly ten years.  My oldest wife is of forty and five summers, my youngest but of twenty-two.  Yet more beautiful you are than any of the women in my land.  Even a man of thirty winters would find you irresistible.  You should come with my troop and cross over the eastern mountains to find life and love anew in lands far from here.”
Odethbethel could only laugh once more. “You do build up the spirit, my Lord and friend.  Be careful or I may well seduce you before our departing to the north.  Then my husband would have one more reason to search you out for death.”
BondaBoor grinned, his eyes twinkling.  “A small price to pay for such a magnificent reward…  It would take little to seduce the likes of me, my Lady.  Or is it possible that I might be the seducer?”
Hilga interrupted the conversation to change the subject.  “Our dear Tuosol has worked feverishly to provide many fine meals for us.  Come, let’s give her rest and prepare the evening feast.”
Everyone agreed.  Soon the merry chatter turned to stories of food and adventure as everyone busied about getting dinner.  Later that night, when the fire kindled low and the children snuggled asleep in their beds, Tuosol heard the sound of the door quietly being opened and then closed.  She looked up from her sleeping mat to see that the room was still, but that the heavy bearskin robe was missing, along with a pair of fur boots.

*    *    *

As the blizzard howled outside, a dozen or so officers huddled around the center hearth of a ruined house, soaking in whatever little warmth the timid fire offered.  The building’s weathered door suddenly flew open as three men, arms filled with wood, burst into the room out of the cold.  Soon there was merry laughter and boastful talking, growing louder along with the power of the blaze.
ChuphoeTobanahazz sat silently in a far corner, listening to the boisterous commotion, his mind drifting along like the winter snows outside the door.  A shiver ran up the man’s back when another intruder charged in from the cold.  Pulling his robe more snugly around himself, Chuphoe closed his eyes, pondering the awful weather.
Two days before, King Dungie’s ship made its way into Pachakanuunah’s harbor just behind the terrible nor’easter that had roared in upon them.  They were fortunate to have arrived when they did.  Trailing elements of the fleet found themselves driven hard by the wind, some of the ships being scattered off to the east and forced to beach miles from the city, their crews having to wait for the storm to calm before putting back to sea and making harbor.  The companies of soldiers aboard those ships were forced to trudge many miles in the bitter snow to reunite with the remainder of the command near the city.
For hardy northerners, this storm was merely an inconvenience.  For those from the Southlands, like Chuphoe, it was torture of the worst kind.  The cold ever crept under the flesh until it chilled all the way to the bone, causing an ache never surrendering to the robe or fire.  The man was miserable, but not only from the cold.  His adventures in the south were disheartening and disappointing.
After the capture of KattawCauwaSonn, Pharaoh’s city, and AnahNakaNoah’s flight to the south, Dungie permitted Chuphoe time to visit his home city, a day’s ride to the south and west.  Damage was extensive in the small city where his home was, crops destroyed, animals stolen, some buildings burned or torn to ruin, but the lives of the populace had been spared.  He was surprised and pleased to find that his main estate remained relatively undamaged.  Chuphoe dismounted, and leaving his accompanying troop with the horses, hurried along the rock-walled path and up the wide, stone stairs.
His wife confronted him at the door, an angry fire burning in her eyes, rage building behind them.  She spat, “So, the traitor returns to receive his accolades for a contemptuous victory!”
Chuphoe stopped, stunned as if hit by a club.
His wife stepped out of the doorway, her eyes glaring with hatred.  “Why do you come here, coward?!  Miserable little coward!  You give strength to the enemy while turning your back upon our own blood!  AnahNakaNoah is my cousin, or do you forget that?  Our son!” she pounded her fist against her chest, “My son!  He is no son of yours!  My son died defending KattawCauwaSonn while you cast stones to destroy it.  Now my son is dead!  And you are dead, too!”  She burst out in tears, crying, “Go away, dead man!”  Turning quickly, she ran back into the house, slamming the door behind her.
Remembering, Chuphoe sadly nodded.  At least Dungie had remained true to his word concerning the surrendered soldiers.  Indeed, amnesty was offered to many of Pharaoh’s surrendered people.  That was something that puzzled Chuphoe greatly.  Dungie could be violently brutal with anyone who disobeyed even the slightest of his commands, but he often showed outstanding mercy and kindness to former enemies.  He also took to his soldiers, often walking about their camps in the evening, carrying on pleasant banter or patiently listening to some minor complaints.  The army was drawing very close to him.
Although Dungie did show merciful kindness to many, other peoples did not benefit from it as was the case here.  Pachakanuunah was a devastated city, its inhabitants living in hastily built, drafty huts, half starved, sick and cold.  The only commerce remaining in the city was the long street that ran from the harbor to an east-west highway.  Few even were the establishments along that street other than taverns and brothels filled with the women and children of the city, seeking a means to feed themselves and their families.
The city of PoChakkahPeha was little better a place to be.  Many of its remaining inhabitants were earlier driven from their homes to make quarters for soldiers stationed there.  Life was very difficult for the occupants of the city, prostitution becoming the main means to stay alive.  The going price for a woman was two handfuls of barley.  Two women would bed an entire company of men for two quarts of barley or three of oats.  A young girl was available for the men’s pleasure for a quart of wheat.  On nights like this, a mother with little ones would entertain a dozen men for permitting them a warm place to lie down and a scrap of food for the children.
Chuphoe breathed a sigh of relief to think that no women were entertaining in these quarters.  The staff officers under Dungie’s direct command were generally more refined and definitely more discrete when it came to their romantic liaisons.  They usually made their acquaintance with the gentry, often attending to their needs under the lady’s roof, far away from other eyes.  These men also had gold and silver to offer, thus eliciting a higher class of prostitute.  So while women servants busied themselves around these cook fires, there was little open flirtation with them in view of others.
It was not that Chuphoe opposed prostitution.  That was a trade he and his people had been raised with, in most cases, an honest trade.  Many a gold bauble the man had surrendered up to a seductive dancer, especially in his wilder, younger years.  But Chuphoe did not like to see people driven to such levels of desperation that they were forced into surrendering their flesh up to a stranger to remain alive.  That had been one of the reasons he grew to respect Javan so.  That man tolerated no such conduct within his army.  Why, there were not even camp followers during the time of his leadership, as was common with other armies.
Oh well, Javan no longer was captain.  Dungie was, and Chuphoe found no complaint with him as far as he was concerned.  The new Dodanimian king was honest regarding his promises to Chuphoe and quite fair in his treatment of the men formerly under Chuphoe’s command.  Indeed, after the army proved itself in building the ships and lending support to the invasion force, Dungie made arrangements for each man to receive a stipend and ration of foodstuffs.  As long as the new king didn’t force his aide-de-camp to execute his wrath or discipline - something Chuphoe had not yet been asked to do - Chuphoe was quite satisfied to continue serving in his assigned role.
“Hey, General, get up and come with us.”  Two of the officers who had been tossing dice at the table were busy suiting up to go out into the storm.
‘The General’, the name Chuphoe’s fellow staff members addressed him by in reference to his former title in Pharaoh’s army, opened his eyes and turned his attention to the officers, asking, “What do you want, and where are you going?”
One of the officers laughed, “Come on, you!  Been resting far too long… There’s a game going on in the house down the street.  They say there’s roast mutton, hot breads, and sweet wine aplenty and a huge, blazing fire for the cold-bloods like you to revel in.  Come on…”
Grunting as he forced achy bones and tired muscles to lift him up, Chuphoe slowly rose.  As he gathered his coat about him and folded the robe up beside his other gear, the man sourly replied, “Might’s well, seeing there will be no rest in this place until that raucous game of strong arm ends.  Getting drunk might help me forget how cold I am.”
The officer grinned, putting an arm around Chuphoe’s shoulder.  “You know, with all those whiskers, and you growing some shaggy hair, you’re startin’ to look a lot like us.  Pretty soon we won’t be able to tell the difference, what with all those fur garments you’ve taken to.”
Chuphoe half smiled, “Had to or I’d froze to death many days ago!  How you can love this land is beyond me.  I knew Pharaoh was crazy to want to take it, just didn’t know how crazy…”
Both the officers roared with laughter, still chuckling as they hurried Chuphoe out the door.  As the three men disappeared into the snowy darkness, one of the officers mentioned just how handsome a wild clansman Chuphoe was making.  “I know some ladies back home who would love you to warm their beds.  Got no teeth, but have real pretty smiles, though.”
Merry laughter filled the air as the three men disappeared into the darkness.

*    *    *


Section 30

Heaven’s Pyre

 “No!  You don’t make any sense to my ears! You and Odethbethel have no reason to remain in this dead city any longer.  If you want me to go north to your high pass city of ObebBailSoar instead of taking the eastern mountain road home, then you and she should come with me,” BondaBoor entreated as he anxiously paced back and forth in front of the fireplace, arguing with EpiphanOida who sat upon a pillowed chair beside the hearth.
EpiphanOida calmly replied, “My little brother, as I have already spoken to you, my hour is yet to come.  I must remain here.  This is the place I belong for the moment.  As for Odethbethel, I fear she has surrendered up to the Fates for whatever they choose for her.  She’s tired and lonely, though not as lonely as before her travels to Ausalmerica.”
BondaBoor stopped and stared questioningly into EpiphanOida’s face.
A sly smile crept across EpiphanOida’s lips.  “It is such a refreshing thing to ride a long journey beside such a strong and handsome man as you.  The fresh air and company, I mean.”  Her smile grew into a grin.
Understanding well the woman’s innuendo or hidden knowledge of private intrigues, BondaBoor tipped his head and began to pace anew.  “What do you really intend to accomplish here that you cannot do at ObebBailSoar?”
Casting her gaze toward the blaze, EpiphanOida’s face saddened.  “My son must be born here, in this city.  It is a sign that Iam has not forsaken this land completely.”
BondaBoor became agitated.  “Iam…  Iam?!  What is left of this place that Iam should care about it?  The people of this land are abandoning him as we speak, committing their fornications against him with the priests of Horus even in the very streets of this city.  Every day, more of those gray-cloaked bastards make their way into this northern realm!  Leave ‘em have it and escape into the far Northlands with me!”
Shaking her head, EpiphanOida declined.  “For the moment, I must remain here.  But I will come soon, when the time is right.”
BondaBoor stopped his pacing and came over to EpiphanOida, leaning in close to speak in little above a whisper, asking, “Which moment?”  Without waiting for a reply, he quietly chanted,

“Where the river crosses time and space and the witches’ caldrons brew,
Resides a golden jackals’ lair and a pit reserved for you.
We ride upon a midnight fleece of fire, beasts, and hounds.
Upon your flesh the gorgons feast, until your cherished manhood drowns.”

Shocked, EpiphanOida bolted upright in the chair, her eyes burning into BondaBoor’s.  “How do you know this?  By vision or angel, have you been told?”
BondaBoor smiled, answering, “By neither, unless a human of flesh can be an angel.  I do know that it was also said, ‘When the fire ascends toward the heavens, a sister of blood will descend from the heavens and give to the souls of her choosing stones of life.’”
“I do not know who told you these things, but dangerous they are to know!”  EpiphanOida bowed her head.  “How have you come by these things, for only I have been told these secrets?”
BondaBoor stood back, answering, “Then it must be Iam who revealed these matters, for it was in the depths of a heated sickness that you revealed them to your sister, Tuosol, who told them to Odethbethel and Noahashonie, feeling it most important that those secrets be revealed.  And, yes, my sister-friend, Odeth, shared those secrets in a dream-share with me, although I do not believe she knows of it.  But now I know and I would like some answers.”
EpiphanOida stared intently into BondaBoor’s eyes, searching, suspicious, “Who do you side with?  For the Serpent was smooth of tongue and cunning in his deceit with Eve.”
BondaBoor’s brow furrowed as he responded, “Should I have been an agent of that Snake, I would not have wasted my time riding here to this hopeless city, but off to my own trusting people I would have gone to spread that foul-smelling religion among them!  Nor would I have delivered those riding in my company here to safety.  Instead, I would have bound them and headed south to deliver such prizes to ZaphipheRa, chief priest over the Hormaxians.  I’m sure he has some understanding of the riddles you presented to Tuosolmerica those many years ago.”
EpiphanOida could see the honesty in BondaBoor’s eyes.  She also felt something deep within her heart, a stirring that told her he yet had a part to play in this adventure.  After a long pause, she asked, “So what do you want to know?”
Stepping close again, BondaBoor answered, “The powers of a witch I do not wish to contend with nor challenge secret knowledge hidden behind opaque eyes.  I seek only a simple explanation.  Gorgons?  Gorgons?  What is a Gorgon?”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly, “I will tell you only this for the moment.  If you wish to learn more, you will need to journey to ObebBailSoar as I have asked you.  After I arrive, you will receive your answer.”
BondaBoor raised an eyebrow, but said nothing.
“Gorgon?”  EpiphanOida mused.  “As Odethbethel must have revealed in her dreams, gorgons are spirits of flesh and bone.  The word means, ‘She-Watcher over the Lower Pits’.  That much I will tell you about them, but even a greater secret will I reveal to you that she did not tell you, or at least you have not revealed to me.”
Standing up, EpiphanOida took BondaBoor’s hands while looking deeply into his eyes.  “There is another creature that will haunt the world in the day of the Gorgon.  It is a man-beast of spirit and bone,’ LukusAner’, man-wolf, or werewolf, a ‘He-Watcher over the Lower Pits’.”
EpiphanOida went on quickly, before an astonished BondaBoor could respond.  “The one is a she, the other a he.  Though the creatures are of two kinds, they have but one name among the Hormaxians.  They fear that name even now, but yet do not fully understand what for certain it means, or what the creatures will do when they arise.  To them, the word is evil and never spoken aloud.  It is a cursed word.”
She lowered her voice.  “I will tell you the name, but keep it secret until needed.  It is very powerful and both a good or evil omen, depending which side you are on.  The creatures, both the Gorgon and the Werewolf are called ‘Haudenosaunez’.  To the sons of Hormax, it means ‘Eaters of flesh, spirit, and soul’.  To lovers of Iam, it means ‘Those who refresh the flesh, spirit, and soul’.”
She lowered her eyes, searching the floor as if seeing into future times.  “The day of the Dragon is come to its finish, or soon will be.  We are becoming old and frail, with few years left within us.  Oh, yes, some are young, or appear to be so.  Our mother, Aphrodite, remains as youthful in appearance as a young sprite, but she tires, seeing future life as a drudgery and curse because of all the evil the woman has witnessed.”
She stepped back, pointing at herself.  “I appear to be a child little more than out of my teens, a sign for promised future days.  I assure you, I am old…very old.  My lover, Javan,” she placed a hand on her belly, “father to this child, was more than three times my junior, and he was over one hundred-forty summers.”
BondaBoor silently stood, pondering the things EpiphanOida had revealed, waiting as she returned to her chair and wrapped a winter coverlet around her shoulders.
Still peering at the floor, she continued, with a sigh, “When I was young and innocent, I believed the world could be cured of its growing evil.  We Dragons were going to see to that.  My husband and I rode on tall ships to every corner of this earth to bring down the machinations of Hormax.  We stole from the people the secrets of power, light, and travel, burning books and scrolls and smashing machines.  Cursed we were by many of the peoples but, in our holy war against evil, we cared little what the people thought.
“With the laying on of the hands, there was soon a multitude of Dragons, carrying out the will of Iam through Noah and Aphrodite.  We had conquered Hormax’ evil, or at least we thought that.  But like the lizard that can change its color to match its surroundings, the priests of Hormax found new, more clandestine ways to spread their villainous religion.  While we celebrated our destructive endeavors, believing the teachings of Hormax were brought to their finish, or at least contained, the works of the Serpent were quietly ever spreading, even among a few of the Dragons.”
A tear rolled down EpiphanOida’s cheek.  “Some of my own children turned from following the order to ally themselves with Hormax.  Two of them - I shall not speak their accursed names - Aphrodite slew upon the stone of Rechabowham, the stone in this very city that is today between the broadways before the King’s Gate called ‘Eziahmooshem’.”
She looked up at BondaBoor, tears filling her eyes.  “Twelve children I have suckled at my breasts.  Eleven children I have seen buried or have heard of their deaths, some dying brave in battle, some cut down in their wickedness, and yet others succumbing to old age or sickness.  ShosheeHoihido is my last, living child.  She is almost one hundred-ninety winters, her hair is gray, and her bones ache.  Too weak she was to charge the battle at the fords with her children, and sickly she is this winter, I think from a broken heart over the loss of NudaFondae, her favorite grandchild.  I fear she will not see spring.”
Placing her hands on a swelled belly, EpiphanOida looked up at BondaBoor, her voice filled with subdued desperation.  “This…this child is my last living hope, a hope to have someone live beyond my time, someone to carry my soul into the future to prove that I lived, to tell the world that I existed.  Yet he must be born here, in this devil’s lair.  I must risk this because my visions have told me it is to be.”
She began to cry.  “I do not want to live beyond this child, at least not in this world of growing evil.  In the future age, a new day when all things are reborn, then I may seek life with desire.  Oh, the pleasure of death!  It is not something I fear.  No.  No, it is a lover dear that I seek soon to find.  May it swaddle me in its rapturous arms until all this darkness is past and a righteous day dawns upon the world of men.”
Wiping tears from her eyes, EpiphanOida apologized for straying from the subject, going on to explain, “The Dragons must continue to diminish until they fade into the shadows.  Noahashonie is not a Dragon made by the laying on of the hands.  She is a Sky Child in human flesh, touched by the Maker of Worlds, made a Dragon by his very hand.  Still, what her future is, I do not know.  I have not seen it.”
She stared intently into BondaBoor’s eyes.  “As for you, my friend, I see the hand of Iam resting upon your shoulder.  Please go to the north, to my home city of ObebBailSoar.  Once there, wait upon the hour of my arrival.  Then you will learn many things.  Then you will see why Iam has preserved you alive down to this day.  Then you will know why one of the last Daughter Dragons shared her secret dreams with you.”
BondaBoor bowed his head.  “My Lady, I will do as you request, though my heart cannot see reason for it.  I will wait upon your arrival.  But, should you need me, I will come to your side.  To my death, I will ride with my loyal soldiers, if that is your request of me!”
Reaching up and taking BondaBoor’s hand, EpiphanOida thanked him, but said such sacrifice was unnecessary.  “You, my fine friend, have many more days ahead to risk life and limb.  Choose your battles wisely, but ever chase the goblin across the wicked skies until he burns in holy retribution!  Noah will be in need of your strength in coming days.  Take care of my child for me, please.  Be a father to him until he becomes a man.”
BondaBoor promised he would do all the things requested of him.  The two continued to chat about less important matters long after the winter sun fell behind the western hills.  At length, they gave each other a kiss, their parting filled with tears and words of lasting endearment.  By the time the moon had risen above the frozen landscape, BondaBoor and his loyal guards were riding hard upon the northern road toward ObebBailSoar.

*    *    *

Southern winds followed Dungie’s Holy Knights to Castle Dodanim.  By the time the people’s new king arrived, a warm spell was waxing in glory, with bright, blue skies and melting snows.  The priests of Hormax spread a rumor that the fine weather was an omen from the gods, indicating their blessing upon Dungie and his kingship.  Dungie capitalized on that by declaring a holiday from work to celebrate his return.  Cattle were slaughtered and roasted upon giant spits, while festive tables filled with food and wine were set up for all the populace.
It was on the second day of festivities that Dungie gathered his counselors and trusted officers into his kingly chambers for a private celebration.  There was food and wine aplenty, accompanied by sweet, provocative music and sensual dancing by the southern women who had recently journeyed to Castle Dodanim.  Far into the night, the men partied, enjoying the food, drink and handsome women.
Chuphoe rested comfortably upon a silken couch, a drink in hand, as his eyes longingly followed the hypnotic moves of a voluptuous, green-eyed beauty whose flirting gaze was tempting his manly ardor.  Many times this day, the woman had departed with one or more of the guests to lavish her other skills upon them.  Now she was focusing her attention on him.  Just about the time he was preparing to reach out and take her arm, another man swooped her up and carried her off beyond the shadows.
Disappointed, Chuphoe rested his head back on a pillow, awaiting his opportunity to be entertained by this delightful creature.  She would return soon, freshened with new perfume and having quickly bathed so as to be ready for her next sojourn into frolicking romance.  Closing his eyes, he fantasized over the upcoming encounter.
As he rested his head on the pillowed divan, his ears drifted to the conversations about him.  Most spoke of little more than manly jousting or some prurient encounter with the fairer sex, the same as his tired ears had been forced to endure all these many days’ travel to get here.  Suddenly, a whispering chatter from further down the long banquet table caught his attention.  Chancing a glance in that direction, he saw Dungie in deep conversation with two hooded men.  Chuphoe’s curiosity got the best of him.  Without moving a muscle, he strained to understand what the hushed conversation was about.
One of the hooded men mumbled something to Dungie.  He answered, “I must remain here until that witch delivers up that child to me.  I care not what you do with it afterward.  Burn it, sacrifice it, eat it, if you want!  Just get rid of it, so it cannot threaten my throne! As I have told you, the people love and fear Dancing Stones.  She must not be killed or executed.  To her own hand must her death be attributed.”
The hooded man whispered more, to which Dungie replied, “After she delivers the child, we will tell the people that it was dead at birth.  Then, a few days later, the woman will jump to her death in remorse.  We will have a great mourning celebration for her and let the city fill itself with grief until its energy is spent.  After this, and with her gone, you will be able to move ahead with whatever you wish for this city.  Then build your towers and altars as you desire.  You can easily swage the people to your will without that witch’s presence.”
This time Chuphoe could hear the hooded man.  “What of the child?  We can hurry her birthing so that we need not wait too long upon receiving her.  Remember, as you promised us.”
Dungie replied, irritated, “Yes!  Yes!  I promised and I will deliver, but not in a hurry so as to risk harm to my child!  I need that creature to ride about the city with it in her arms.  The people must see a happy, young mother.  Then, after I give her a different ride or two…just for the fond memory, of course…I will hand her over to you as I promised.  Do with her as you choose then, up to death.  I want to keep that bargaining chip around, just in case.”
A gentle touch on Chuphoe’s arm drew his attention away from further conversation.  When he opened his eyes, the green-eyed beauty was smiling down into his face, cooing, “Please, my handsome, mighty fellow, come share a private dance with me.”
Forgetting the conversation for the moment, Chuphoe willingly surrendered up his couch to seek enjoyment in other, more private quarters.

Chuphoe woke to the patter of raindrops hitting the stone windowsill.  He glanced through the opened shutters to see a broken sky filled with gray storm-clouds racing toward the north.  Groaning from an aching head, the man rolled over to go back to sleep, suddenly startled to find another person in his bed.  Being wide-awake now, Chuphoe rose up on an elbow to examine the auburn-haired beauty sleeping beside him.  To his surprise, the dancing, green-eyed woman from the night before still shared his bed.  “What are you doing here?” he demanded, somewhat perturbed, giving the woman a shake to wake her.  “Why are you still here?”
The woman moaned, placing a hand to her head.
“Why are you still here?!”  Chuphoe asked once more, irritated.  “I will give you no more gold for this dallying of yours!  I want no dance this morning!”
The woman moaned again, opening her eyes, staring into his.
Taken aback by the woman’s comely appearance, Chuphoe questioned her again, but in a less irritated tone.  “Why are you still here?  The hour of dance is passed and you should be returned to your owner so that he knows you are safe and unharmed.”
Blinking sleepiness from her eyes while slowly rubbing her forehead to ease a mild headache from drinking, the woman humbly answered, “Oh, please, my Lord, don’t be angry.  I seek no more gold from your generous hand.  Only a little quiet sleep I craved in the arms of a kind man.”
Curious, Chuphoe commanded, “Explain yourself! What are you about?  And be quick!  Your master must worry for your safety and should soon be coming around to inquire concerning your welfare.”
The woman laughed as she slowly sat up.  “Concerned?  Ha!  Concerned that someone else has gotten his money…  More than one of his ‘cherished little children’… his words of affection for us… has been found cut or gaggled, alive or dead, and he has done nothing but cry remorse over stolen silver.”  She looked out at the windy drizzle.  “If I fail to deliver enough wealth into his hand, the rod of punishment will be harsh upon my back.”  She turned away from Chuphoe, showing him her fading welts.  “These I came by, not from a customer, but when I handed over too little money to my kindly master.”
Chuphoe was saddened by what he saw.  Harlotry he could contend with, even pleasure in as he had the previous night, but violent abuse disturbed him greatly.
The woman turned around so that her eyes met his.  “My master is a shrewd man, waiting upon another’s disaster or dire circumstances to buy cheaply the man’s daughter or son, promising he will treat them kindly as his domestic servants.  No sooner are we away from our father’s house than he turns us into whores, begging with our bodies for every little scrap of food or covering of clothing.  “Why did I stay the night with you?” she asked, answering, “You were kind to me last night, treating me more like a lover …not some piece of meat to be skewered and then thrown to the other beasts.  I rested in your arms and slept in a way like my mother once told me a woman would do.”  She took Chuphoe’s hand, her eyes pleading, asking, “Please, be kind to me a little longer.  Let me bathe you and clean you, no charge to you at all.  Please, just speak kindly to me for a little while more, so that I can recall the music of those haunting words, so that I have something good to remember in my life.”
Stunned, Chuphoe leaned back, resting his head on a pillow, nodding.  The woman hurried to cover herself with a silken shawl and was quickly away.  In very little time, she was returned with a basin of warm water.  With a great deal of care and tenderness, she bathed him as he quietly lay there, pondering all the things she had told him.
When the woman had finished, Chuphoe asked, “I am hungry.  Will you favor me and fetch some food to refresh my soul?”  The woman smiled, saying she would.  “I will pay you for your services in this regard,” Chuphoe reassured her.
She shook her head.  “No, my Lord, it is my pleasure.”  With basin in hand, she hurried away.
 Chuphoe had begun to doze when he heard the soft patter of naked feet upon the stones.  He opened his eyes to a feast of delights the woman had procured from the pantry maid.  Holding a tray filled to overflowing, she smiled, placing it upon a small table near the bed.  “When I told them who requested this, they just made me take the best of their larder.  Here, my Lord, feast.”
Chuphoe swung his feet over the side of the bed, sitting up.  Waving his hand toward the food, he commanded, “No, you take and eat to your fill.  Then I shall enjoy what remains.”
The woman frowned, “This I cannot do, my Lord.  It is not right for the puppy to eat before its master.”
Chuphoe reached out and took an apple slice, popping it into his mouth and smiled, “There!  I have eaten before you.  Now come, little puppy, and we shall finish the meal together.”
The woman did not argue long, hunger all too apparent in her eyes.  Together, they ate the rich morsels from the king’s pantry, all the while Chuphoe probing the woman for news and information.  Many times before, the man had searched the hidden inner world of lowly servants, bribing them with tidbits of food or kindly conversation to obtain their most guarded secrets - secrets often meant only for the king’s ears.  It was not for this reason he offered the woman his food but, being raised up a fox, he took advantage of the opportunity to discover the royal gossip.
His years of practiced experience with sly, gentle questioning soon delivered rich reward.  Many were the private matters of the king that the scullery maids heard and that their wagging tongues could not keep secret from the kitchen servants, who thought themselves better than the lowly cleaners, thus making them feel a little more important in their lowly world.  ‘Used wisely, one could take over a kingdom,’ he mused, listening intently to what the woman was saying.
One certain bit of information Chuphoe found most intriguing.  He recalled the earlier conversation between Dungie and his robed counselors, and of how great a value this information would be.  At first, he brushed off the matter as not his business, but his heart only troubled him all the more as he attempted to dismiss the conversation from his mind.  He leaned back from the table, the woman picking away here and there at some favorite dainty or other, her carefree chattering signaling her ease.
Interrupting, Chuphoe asked, “What’s your name?”
The woman stopped, her fingers holding a morsel close to her lips, a smile parting them.  “They call me ‘Cherry’, for my nipples are like the sweetest of cherries to the palate.”
Chuphoe shook his head.  “No, what is your real name?  Tell me, please.”
The woman sat quietly, casting her gaze toward the floor.  After a lengthy pause, she answered, “My name was…is ‘Juliet’.  At least that is the name I remember my father calling me when I was a little girl.  I don’t have another name, not one I can recall at least.”
“Juliet?  Juliet…”  Chuphoe nodded as he smiled.  “That is a very pretty name.  I’m sure your father must have loved you dearly.”
The woman bowed her head, saying nothing.
“Juliet...”  Chuphoe asked, “May I call you that…Juliet?”
The woman smiled sadly as she looked into his face.  “It would be nice to be called that.”
The sun suddenly broke through the clouds, its golden rays shining into the room and across the floor, bathing Juliet in their glow.  Chuphoe was not a religious man, but he did believe in gods and spirits, and he wondered at times whether they played upon the lives of humans.  This sudden finger of sunlight casting its glory upon the woman - this Juliet - just at this point in time, forced the man to ponder the moment and to wonder anew about the dabbling of the gods.  “Juliet,” Chuphoe paused, thinking about his following words, “I may be able to be of some assistance to you if you will offer a bit of help to me.”
Juliet’s face clouded with concern.  This was not the first time a man sought her assistance in a matter that eventually led to brutal betrayal and a painful punishment.  As that look flashed across her face, she inquired coldly, “What is it my Lord wishes, and what is in it for me?”
Seeing fear of deceit and betrayal on her face, Chuphoe attempted to soften the moment.  He slowly reached out and took another apple slice from the tray.  As he chewed it, he answered, “I have no mistress to care for my needs.  My wife has abandoned me because I sided with the people of Javan, doing this to protect my soldiers.  I now stand as counselor to the new king, Dungie.  Alone I am, with no comforter to hold in the dark of night.”  He reached out and took another apple slice, this time lifting it up to Juliet’s lips, giving it to her.  “True, you are a most handsome woman, and you know how to please a man in the bed.  But I can find these qualities in many women creatures who seek my pleasure.  I need someone to be my confidant in case I speak in my sleep, you know?  I believe you are such a person, but I must put my belief to the test before making such an important decision as I plan to make.”
A tone of dread was carried on Juliet’s lips, but also one of curiosity.  “What does my master wish for me to do, and is it dangerous?”
Chuphoe stood, slipping a night robe over his shoulders.  “Dangerous?  Yes, but not for you.  For others, maybe, but not for you…”  He walked over to a writing desk and cut a piece of parchment, taking up quill and ink.  When finished, he turned his attention back to Juliet.  “This errand will prove to me your worth as a confidant.  You must trust me that I will carry out my promise to you, for my promise is all I can give you at this time.  If you do as I direct, I will see what I can do to relieve you of your master.”
Fearful that she was only hearing more deceitful lies, but desperate to hope that she might be freed from a dreadful owner, Juliet promised to do what Chuphoe asked.
“Good!”  Chuphoe exclaimed.  “Return, please, to the pantry maid and make request for me, telling her I am in need of food for a walk I am going on with some friends this morning, and I also desire a luncheon feast for us when the noon hour arrives.  Then take for yourself a servant’s hooded cloak and quickly return here to me.”
Juliet smiled and bowed.  “This I will do,” she replied and was off in a rush.
Chuphoe was not long in waiting before Juliet returned with the foodstuffs all carefully wrapped in a sack of woven hemp and burlap.  After assisting the woman with her clothing, and the fitting of the servant’s cloak and placing the sack’s strap over her shoulder, Chuphoe handed Juliet a written script.  “Hide this well.  Let no one see it other than its intended recipient.”
Chuphoe went on to explain the purpose of Juliet’s mission, and the person she was to seek out, and what she was to say to the guards barring her passage.  He then took hold of her upper arms and kissed her forehead.  Stepping back while continuing to hold her in his grasp, Chuphoe explained, “Should you be caught, and should your soul be threatened with harm or death, do not hesitate to confess that I put you up to this for a price of two gold coins that await you here.  Do not allow yourself to be harmed in this matter!”
Surprised, Juliet confessed, “Never has a man treated me with such kindness.  I will not…cannot betray his loving generosity!”
Chuphoe shook his head.  “If put to it, give me up to save your soul.  You do not know the man who rules this world.  An angel your master is compared to him.  As for me, his vicious wrath would be little more than what I deserve for the harm I have caused others.  Now go.”
Juliet stepped forward and, standing on her toes, kissed Chuphoe on the lips, smiling, “For my master’s will...”  Then she turned and hurried for the door.
Chuphoe listened to the running of Juliet’s bare feet echoing back along the passageway until the sound faded into silence.  Why had he risked his life, Juliet’s life?  This was not his concern, to intrude into matters of the king.  In his head, he continued calling himself a fool but, in his heart, the man felt refreshed.  In some way, he saw this act as a repayment to Javan for the kindness the man had shown to him and his people.  May it be pleasing to Iam so that Juliet would be returned to him safe and unharmed...

*    *    *

“I told the guards that I was delivering gifts from the king’s house so that you might also celebrate in his arrival.”
Juliet lifted the heavy sack filled with food and handed it to EpiphanOida.  She asked, her voice hushed, “So, it isn’t for this reason that JulietDalmatia has sought my company this morning?”
Shocked, Juliet asked, “How is it you know my name…even my family name that I did not recall until this very moment?”
EpiphanOida smiled sadly, “I knew your father and his father, and his father before him.  You I watched when you played upon the limbs of the tree that still grows in front of your home, near the street leading east toward the sea.  I am sorry for the road you have been forced to take to get here, but thank Iam that he saw fit to send you to me so that I may help you in the furtherance of your journey.”
Great fear swept over Juliet.  With trembling fingers, she handed to EpiphanOida the script Chuphoe had given her.  “My Lady, I perceive you a witch to be, one of the Dragons feared with dread by my people.  Do you wish this girl harm?  For it is said that the harlots you destroy in the fire.”
EpiphanOida shook her head.  “I seek you no harm, and harlots the Dragons do not destroy.  Many though are the women creatures of the priests of Hormax that I have cut down in my rage - not in my rage over them, because they are helpless victims turned into abominations - but in my rage against the evil men who created them!”  She peered into Juliet’s face.  “You are not a harlot or a whore, but only a child stolen from home and life by no choice of her own.  Blood money is what your master demands from others for your services - blood money that Iam will one day demand back from his hand.”  Looking at the script, EpiphanOida recognized the style of writing to be that of the southern people.  “What man gave this to you, for I see no signature upon it?”
Juliet answered in a hush, “ChuphoeTobanahazz, high counselor to the king.  He said this was for your eyes only.”
EpiphanOida smiled, “You are with a good man.  Do whatever he tells you and it will go well with you.”  She then went on to study the script in her hands.

‘My Lady, there is disturbing news coming from the king’s house.  Your child, your son, is to be murdered upon its birthing, and in days following, you are to tumble from the high window in grief.  And worse news yet…the child-wife of the king called ‘Noahashonie’ is to be turned over to the priests of Horus after birthing her child.  But I fear the secrets of her child will hasten that day.  Cleaning maids have overheard the girl and her companion speaking of the child as being Javan’s.  Should word come to the king’s ears, he will certainly slaughter the baby and give the girl over to the priests to practice upon her their religious torture, clear up to death, as his own mouth has spoken.’

EpiphanOida slowly folded the parchment before tossing it into the kindling blaze.  She took a scrap of linen cut from a blanket and, with quill and ink, wrote a response in fine script.  When finished, she handed it to Juliet.
Looking out the window as she spoke, EpiphanOida made request.  “If you will, please, take this to Chuphoe.  Tell him to place into your hand the two gold coins you earlier mentioned to me.  I know he is a man of wealth and has such.  Find this Noahashonie and, by subterfuge, deliver her here, letting no one know it is she.  Do this quickly!  If this news has been discovered by the servants, it will soon reach the king’s ears.  You must be quick!”
Taking Juliet’s hand, EpiphanOida urged the woman to be careful.  “What you do now will cost you dearly if you are caught.  Not only will we all hang, but you also beside us.  Do this as a free woman, not as our servant.  Let it be your choice.”
Juliet smiled, determined.  “This I do for you as a woman of free will.  For myself, I do this...”
After the woman left, EpiphanOida could hear her near the doorway, flirting with the guards.  “I have other business to attend to but…but, oh you’re such charming fellows, I must find excuse to return soon.  Give me a little time to find a way.”

*    *    *

Three hooded men quietly entered into the darkness of the tavern’s grog hall.  Motioning the others to remain by the door, the third man strode across the room to where the innkeeper was busying himself preparing the luncheon meal.  After a quiet conversation, the hooded man proceeded up the stairs off the grog hall to an opened balcony above and beyond to a series of rooms far in the back of the tavern.
“What do you want?  Go away!” a gruff voice shouted from the other side of the door after the hooded man softly rapped on it.  He knocked again.
“Go away!” the voice growled, while another, soft and feminine, laughed at the man’s antics.
The hooded man did not go away, but slowly pushed open the door.  There, on a wide, feather tick bed sat a rather fat, unkempt, middle-age man surrounded by several young women in various stages of undress.  The room was a filthy mess, with piles of clothing scattered about the floor beside several thin sleeping mats.
“I told you to go away!” the fat man in a half-drunken stupor screamed.  “Now go away!”
The hooded man took from his pocket a gold coin and tossed it into the fat man’s lap.  Looking into the astonished fellow’s face, he asked, “Do you wish me to depart now?”
Cursing at the women as he stumbled from the bed, the fat man begged the visitor’s pardon, saying he thought it was someone else.  Throwing on a dirty robe, he hurriedly tossed other clothes from a chair and offered the hooded stranger to sit a spell.  “I’m at your service, my good fellow.”  He bowed awkwardly, half stumbling.  “How may I help you?”
 “I have but one need...” the man replied, pulling back his hood to be seen.  “I am ChuphoeTobanahazz, aide-de-camp to the king, and I have but one personal request to make of you.”
The fat man’s ears perked up as he grinned, “I do hope the party went well last night.  I try so hard to please, you know, so hard...”
Chuphoe did not comment regarding the celebration, but stated his purpose.  “To business... You have a girl, I believe her name is ‘Cherry’.  There are those who have taken quite fondly to her and wish to strike a bargain with you concerning her.”
The fat man’s face broke out into a broad grin.  “Three pieces of silver per night, that is if you do not damage her badly.  If she is hurt and cannot perform, I must be compensated for the lost time plus whatever the surgeons charge to mend her.”
Chuphoe slowly shook his head.  “It is not for a night or two that this Cherry has been requested, but to buy her from you is the desire.”
The fat man laughed, “She is not for sale, my fine fellow!  For a day or even a week, I will rent her to you.  Even your king does not gold enough possess to purchase my favorite moneymaker.”
Chuphoe smiled in return.  “Oh, I believe I have the monies to buy her and then some.”  He took two more gold coins from his purse, along with twelve pieces of silver.  “These coins of gold, along with the one already delivered into your hand, and these twelve coins of silver, along with eighteen more my servants will later deliver to you should be a fine price to pay for that woman.”
Laughing in derision, the fat man waved his hand at the money.  “Cherry brings into my hand that much money for one month of her labors!  Ten times that amount would not start to cover her worth!”
“And just how much do you return to the girl’s hand as reward for all her labor?”  Chuphoe asked innocently.  The women sitting on the bed laughed at his question.
The fat man answered contemptuously, “A whore slave is worth nothing more than any beast of burden!  I must feed and clothe the creature.  It is enough.”
Chuphoe slowly nodded.  “Well it is, then, that you take me up on this offer, and I shall relieve you of this terrible burden.”
The fat man bolted upright, his eyes glaring, retorting, “I will not give away the finest of my heifers to satisfy even the king!  If you wish to take the girl, it will be for one hundred gold coins and five hundred silver coins.   And consider it a bargain!  If that does not satisfy you, then be off and leave us be!”
Chuphoe slowly stood and started for the door.  The fat man shouted, “Hey, take your money!”
Turning back, Chuphoe offered, “I have one more thing you might wish to consider, besides the fine reward already set before you.”
“What is that?!” the fat man smugly snarled.
“Well,” Chuphoe tapped the side of his face in thought, “you made a charge of twelve silver pieces for twelve girls that were to be delivered to us for entertainment this last eve.  Yet I have come to find out that but ten were provided.  You pocketed two silver coins through deceit, sending but ten women, but promising twelve.  When this report is made to the king, you will be in little need of any gold.”
The fat man sat back, quailing.  “I… I…”
Chuphoe shook a finger at him.  “You made a big mistake, stealing from the king!  He will flail your hide from off your back for such a travesty.  Then he will make you carry your very skin to the pole that he will impale you upon.  Oh yes, a thousand times the torment of the hard ride given your charges will you experience before you die.  Then I will come and take Cherry for my reward for revealing this evil of yours to the king.”  He turned and walked toward the door to call his guards.
“No!  No!  Please, my Lord, no!  Wait, please!”  The fat man was down on his knees, begging for his life, shaking so badly in distress that he wet himself.
Stopping and turning about, Chuphoe commanded, “Then sign with your seal a script giving over to me this Cherry.”  He paused, looking into the corner where two pairs of terrified eyes stared out of the shadows at him.  “Come here!” he ordered.
Two young girls clutching hold of each other, little older than ten or eleven summers, slowly made their way forward.  Naked and bruised they were, already objects of this man’s trade.
“Get yourselves dressed!” Chuphoe ordered.  He pulled aside his cloak to reveal his fighting sword.  Looking at the fat man, he continued, “…giving over Cherry and these two children to me, fully paid for, as my property.”  Taking two more gold coins from his pocket, he tossed them at the fat man.  “Paid in full!  Got it?  Do it now!”
After the girls had gathered up their meager belongings, along with what few there were of Cherry’s, Chuphoe herded them out of the room and down the stairs.  With script in hand, he headed out past his guards and into the warm sun of late morning.
Taking each girl by the hand, Chuphoe and his guards started back for the castle.  As they walked along the empty street, he continued to look first at the one child and then the other, saying aloud to himself, “What am I going to do with the two of you?  What am I going to do with the two of you?”

Chuphoe was busy setting up a bath for his two new charges when Juliet returned.  In her excitement, she failed to notice the girls.  “My Lord!  My Lord!” she cried, running up to Chuphoe while pulling the script from her cloak.
Spinning around, Chuphoe caught Juliet up, stopping her by grasping the woman’s arms. “Whoa, child!  Whoa!” he cried.  “What is all the fuss?!”
Paying no attention to anything in the room, Juliet exclaimed, excited, “My Lord, we must hurry!  The Lady needs our help!  There is no time!”  She waved the script in front of his face.  “The Lady gave me this and says to hurry.”
Releasing Juliet, Chuphoe took the script and read it carefully.  Looking up, having forgotten his own good news, Chuphoe asked Juliet to make haste.  “Please, if you’re willing, do what the Lady has told you, everything!”  Reaching into his cloak, he handed the woman a pouch of coins.  “Here, take these.  Do not leave the girl’s side until she is safe beyond the reach of this city!  If you live, return here to me!”
Juliet smiled resolutely, kissing Chuphoe on the lips and turned to go.
Grabbing her arm, Chuphoe stopped her.  He held up another script.  “You’re a free woman, owned by no man, your price paid for.”
Juliet grinned, “No, my Lord, I will always be your servant.”
Chuphoe dared not take the time to argue, instead directing, “Bring that girl to the north stables when you finish with your business.  Hurry, time is of the essence!”
It was at that moment Juliet saw her two little companions.  She pointed, surprised.
“Later!  I’ll tell you later!” Chuphoe exclaimed.  “Now go!  Do what you have to do to save the girl.”
Juliet ran from the room in haste.

Noah and Swalhawena were sitting on the bed, playing a guessing game when they heard a knock at the door. Juliet entered, wasting little time telling Noah what EpiphanOida wanted her to do.  Upon hearing this, Noah hurried about, gathering up the things required.
She suddenly froze, a look of fear on her face.  “What do I do?!  What do I do?!”  She looked at Juliet, dismayed.  “Since Dungie’s return, he has placed a guard in the building that regularly checks on my whereabouts.  Should I be missing from my room without letting them know where I’m going, they will make report to him.  What do I do?!”
Swalhawena took Noah’s hand.  “I will find a way to fool the guards.  Don’t worry, my Lady.  Go with the woman here and do whatever you must do.”
Uncertain, Noah began to fuss.  Juliet took her by the hand, urging her, “Come, time is not ours to debate!  Trust in this God of yours and let us be going!”
Off the two women went in a rush.  After they were gone, Swalhawena prepared a ruse to buy them some added time.

Few people noticed two women scurrying across the greens toward the King’s Tower.  After entering the lower courtyard, they began the slow ascent up the winding staircase toward the king’s chamber, a summer bedroom built long ago by Dodanim for him and his wife, EpiphanOida.
After reaching the top landing, Juliet stopped Noah.  She primped the girl’s garments, pulling her hood down over her face and pulling at her cloak to hide the pregnancy then whispered, “Say nothing.  I will do the speaking.  Do not ask what I am doing.  Finish what you must quickly, and then hurry away.  Worry not about me. I will catch up with you, if I can.  Can you do this for me?”
Noah nodded.
“Good!”  Juliet smiled reassuringly.  The two then proceeded along the winding hallway toward the king’s chamber.
The door to EpiphanOida’s room was located where the hallway made a sharp turn to the right.  The two men Juliet had flirted with earlier were still there, guarding the entrance.  As the two women drew near, she pulled her hood back, letting her long, flowing hair fall down past her shoulders.  With a flirting smile, she walked up to the two men, leaving Noah standing back in the shadows.
Stroking one of the men’s arms, Juliet purred, “I found an excuse to return.  Took me some time, but it was worth it.  Oh, you’re such handsome fellows.”  As she continued with her attentive flirting, Juliet motioned to Noah, telling her, “Go about your business as you’ve been directed.  I’ve more important matters to attend to.”
Noah bowed and hurried past the guards and into the room.  In a few moments, the girl could hear a song of sensuous laughter as Juliet walked with the two guards down the long hallway to a distant room for some private entertainment.
“Dancing Stones?” Noah called out quietly.  “I am come as you have requested.”
EpiphanOida stirred in her chair, her thoughts returning to the tiny room located in the tower, high above the street below, smiling at seeing Noah.  “My little daughter, thank you for coming.”
Noah hurried over, taking EpiphanOida’s hand, tenderly kissing her on the lips.  “My Lady... my Lady, I am come, but I don’t understand.”
EpiphanOida reached up and lovingly stroked Noah’s face.  “Child, it is time…”
Noah still did not understand.
Slowly rising from her chair, EpiphanOida disrobed, telling Noah to do the same.  Walking over to the mantle, she opened a box to retrieve twelve gleaming gemstones, each with a tiny hole drilled into it.  Handing them to Noah, EpiphanOida ordered the girl to bring a cooking pot and place the stones in the pot over the hearth fire.
While Noah obeyed, EpiphanOida unrolled a thick, woven floor mat in front of the blaze, commenting as she did,  “Now you have the answer to your first unasked question, ‘Why such a fire on this warm day?’”
After the pot was placed on the blaze, EpiphanOida directed Noah to sit on her knees in front of her on the mat.  Taking the girl’s hands in hers so that Noah’s palms were opened upward, EpiphanOida explained, “When the twelve begin to dance with their fiery delight, you are to kiss me upon the mouth, using your tongue the way that I have shown you when you are having intercourse with your husband.  Do not stop your act of romance until I command it.”
Noah said she would obey.
In short order, the twelve stones began their fiery, musical dance, lighting the room with rich, brilliant hues of rainbow colors.  Noah pressed her lips to EpiphanOida’s, slipping her tongue into the woman’s mouth, while she did the same with Noah.  The girl quickly became sensually excited to the point of orgasmic reaction, noticing that EpiphanOida was also moaning from her own passionate release.  In seconds more, the world began to spin, nearly to the point of fainting.
Time seemed to stand still but, in reality, it was really only seconds that passed by.  When the rush of erotic sensation ebbed and the dizziness subsided there, resting in Noah’s hands, were the two Eden Stones.
Before the child could express shock and wonder, EpiphanOida closed her hands around Noah’s and lifted them up, pressing the stones hard against the girl’s breasts.  EpiphanOida then started a musical chant and, when finished, leaned forward and began her passionate kisses again.  This time, when Noah reached her orgasmic climax, she felt the stones sink deep into her body, disappearing under bone and flesh, with her skin quickly covering them.  Instantly, the twelve stones that had been dancing about above the iron pot fell down into it, and the fire went out cold.
Leaning back, EpiphanOida quietly sighed as she cast her gaze upward.  “It is done.  I can go to my rest.”  Noah did not understand.  EpiphanOida did not explain.  She only asked the girl to hold her for a little while.
At length, after releasing her embrace, EpiphanOida managed to stand and then slowly made her way to the bed.  Sitting down on it, she revealed, “It is time to deliver my son to me.”
“How can that be, my Lady?”  Noah asked, perplexed.  “You have no birth pangs, nor do I see the surgeon.”
EpiphanOida extended her hand.  “Come here, child.”  Noah obeyed.  Softly stroking the girl’s fingers, EpiphanOida looked down at Noah’s hands.  “You are a Daughter Dragon.  Many are the skills a Daughter Dragon has.”  She peered up into Noah’s eyes.  “You are to birth my child this day, without any birthing pangs.”
“What?!  How?!” Noah cried.  “I’m not a midwife!  I’ve never delivered a child into this world!”
EpiphanOida sternly told her, “You are a Daughter Dragon!  Today, you will deliver this child for me.  Did you bring the things I requested?”
“Yes…”  Noah nervously answered.
“Good!” EpiphanOida replied, sighing.  “Then we shall begin.”
Pointing at her belly as she reclined on the bed, EpiphanOida explained, “I have drawn a line here, as you can see.  Now, take the knife and carefully cut along that line.  Listen to me and do as you’re told.”
Noah paled, her hands trembling.  “I…I cannot do this!”
EpiphanOida’s voice became harsh and scolding, causing Noah to recall the dressing down given to her by Sodasonie when on the battlefield.  “You can and you will!  Do as you’re told!”
Through her tears, Noah promised she would try.  She reached into the bag, taking out a small bundle of clean cloths along with a sharpened knife.
With her spread legs hanging off the bed so that Noah could reach her belly, EpiphanOida ordered the girl to begin, explaining to her what must be done.  Just before the knife touched her flesh, she told the girl, “Save the child, even though I may die.  He must live!  Understand?”
Noah silently nodded, terror filling in her eyes.
It took only a matter of minutes to perform the operation but, to Noah, it felt an eternity.  For EpiphanOida, it was even a greater ordeal.  Gritting her teeth in agony, she forced her body to remain still as the girl cut away flesh and muscle, pulled the living child from her belly, and then took a large needle and stitched up the wounds, both in the womb and muscle, as well as the outer skin.  Exhausted, EpiphanOida fell into a deep faint.
When EpiphanOida came to, she saw Noah holding a wiggling, little boy, his umbilical cord neatly cut and tied.  After assisting EpiphanOida into a reclining position, Noah handed the child to her.  “I sponged him up a little for you…” Noah offered.
Placing the child to her breast, EpiphanOida cried tears of joy.  “This is ‘bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh’!  Never greater are those words to me than when I am nursing my own child!”  She looked up at a very pleased young woman, herself nearing the birth of her own baby.  “His name is ‘Meric’…‘MericDodanimHoshoni’, king of this world.  His hand will be on the back of the neck of his enemy, driving the evil far away from this land!”
EpiphanOida switched the boy’s feeding to her other breast, letting him drink his fill.  When finished, she handed Meric over to Noah, who swaddled him in soft, flaxen blankets.  Meric fell fast asleep.
“Place the child in your bag and hurry away with him.  Do not be found here another moment!” EpiphanOida commanded.  “You must leave quickly!”
Noah prepared to go.  As she hurried about the room, she declared, “I scrubbed up as best I could, but there is still some blood soaked into the blankets.  They will know something is up.  I could not hide it all.”
EpiphanOida smiled weakly, “It matters little, my child-sister.  Soon enough, the secret will be out.  By then, you must be far from here!”  She sighed, relieved, wiping a hand across a sweaty forehead.  “My son was born here, in the home of his father, in his father’s bed.  I can now go to my death in peace.”
Noah’s face clouded in dismay.  “I will see you again, won’t I?  We will be together again...yes?  You have said to others that you would come to your city, ObebBailSoar.  You said for us to wait for your arrival there.  You said it, didn’t you?”
EpiphanOida nodded sleepily, replying, “Yes, child, I said it.  We will meet again across the wide river that ever flows through time and space, on the other side of the river.  Now go, please.  Do not waste the time Juliet has given you.”
She then pointed toward the cold fireplace.  “Child, take the twelve stones and place them in the leather pouch.  There, inside the pouch, you will find a cord woven from the hair of the Lady, Sodasonie, our mother, Aphrodite, a Sky Child by the name of ‘Zadar’, strands of hair from your husband, Javan, and strands of my own.  Lace the cord through the stones and wear them as a necklace until your own time of release comes.  Do this after you have made your escape, for time ever hunts you now.”
Noah burst into tears, but obeyed her mentor-sister.  After kissing her goodbye one more time, she took the bag hiding EpiphanOida’s son, Meric, and quietly headed for the door.  Peeking into the hallway, she saw no guard barring her path.  Off she went along the hallway to the twisting stairwell.  As she carefully made her way down the steps, she wondered how she could attain the northern stables without being reported to the king.  She need not have worried.
A thunderous crash shook the entire city just as Noah reached the inner courtyard of the King’s Tower.  Then came another and another.  Noah looked up to see angry storm-clouds racing up from the south, a pelting rain driven by a tempestuous wind sweeping in over the city, forcing everyone inside to escape the storm’s onslaught.  Alone, the girl raced for the stables, protecting her shoulder bag with its precious contents from the storm.
Rain lashed against the oaken plank stable door as Noah forced it open.  Making her way inside, she searched for the reason she had been told to come here, and quickly found it.  In a stall were two saddled horses.  She grinned to see that one of them was MaraMonte, the other an equally majestic beast.
As she was preparing MaraMonte for her journey, the girl heard the oaken door quietly open.  She stepped out from the stall hoping to see Juliet coming to join her.  Instead, she saw a man dressed in the uniform of a holy knight, sporting a garish grin, his steely eyes fixed on her.
He laughed, “A bit stormy for a ride, my Lady, isn’t it?  Better you come back with me.  I’m sure the master will wish to know his little bride is safe and sound, not lost out in weather like this.”  The man took a step forward, reaching out for the girl and suddenly stopped, his eyes losing their focus.  Like a giant tree whose roots tired of holding it high, the man fell forward, face first, hitting the floor with a thud.  Noah stared dumbly at a knife stuck deep within the man’s back.  When she finally looked up, she saw Chuphoe.
Stepping forward, Chuphoe rested a foot on the dead man and pulled the blade from his back.  Standing erect, he walked past the body toward Noahashonie.  In his other hand, he carried a long object wrapped in a purple cloth.  Stopping in front of the girl, he opened the cloth, revealing its contents.  “My Queen, your sword given you by the Lady, and your husband’s battle colors...  You will want these things.”  Noah thanked Chuphoe and, with his assistance, securely tied them to MaraMonte’s saddle.
During this time, two of Chuphoe’s personal guards gathered up the dead man’s body, carrying it off and burying it in a manure heap behind the stables.  When they returned, the girl was informed that they would accompany her on her journey north.  “As far as DambyHarrow, they will accompany you.  Messengers have been sent ahead and, hopefully, BondaBoor will meet you there to take you further north to ObebBailSoar.”
While being assisted onto her horse, Noah lamented that Juliet had not come away with her.  “I fear for her life!  She took to distracting the guards while I went in to see Dancing Stones.  She had not returned by the time of my departure.”
Chuphoe was secretly concerned, especially so, considering what might happen should Juliet be discovered in this scheme of things.  He smiled confidently replying, “The woman will be fine.  Long has she cared for herself.  This storm has probably delayed her.”
At that instant, they heard the door being forced opened against the wind.  Juliet quietly slipped inside.  Noah cried out with joy to see her new friend safe and well and Chuphoe grinned from ear to ear, silently relieved to see her.
Juliet reached into her soaked cloak, pulling out a purse of silver and gold.  Handing it to Chuphoe, she offered her apologies.  “I’m sorry, my Lord, but I forgot to give to the Lady the gold coins she asked for,” adding with a grim smile, “I think you will find it is a little fatter than when you gave it to me.”
Chuphoe frowned, feeling he understood Juliet’s meaning.  “We will discuss that matter at another time.”  He then hefted the purse.  “I do believe I know what Dancing Stones wanted with the monies.”
At that, he handed to Noah the purse and its contents.  “Here, the journey is a long one, and a queen has special needs.  May this be of some small assistance.”
Noah thanked Chuphoe profusely, tears welling in her eyes.
Juliet spoke up, “We must hurry,” then looked at Chuphoe, asking, “Did you bring me the things needed for the trip?”
Chuphoe smiled, motioning to one of his guards.  “These things, my Lady, are for you, along with another purse of silver and gold coins.  There is no need to buy your way on this journey, if you know what I mean.”
Shocked at never hearing herself spoken to in such a proper, kind and important way, Juliet nearly forgot that she was to be going with Noah.  Regaining her senses, she got on her horse.
After the others mounted up, Chuphoe pushed open the stable door.  “This storm was made for you.  Do not waste another minute of it.  May your God protect you and give you strength!”
Noah thanked him as she exited the building.  Taking Juliet’s hand as she rode past him, Chuphoe wished her a safe trip.  “Remember me when your journey is finished.  I wish your company as a free woman…not as a slave or servant.”
Juliet smiled lovingly, “I will return as soon as may be to warm your bed and please your spirit.  I am your servant girl of my own free will...ever yours…”
The four rode off into the gathering fog through drenching rain…a miserable ride, but one hidden from prying eyes.  Chuphoe shrugged, hoping that Noah’s Sky Children friends would keep the company safe.  He silently said a little prayer to Iam.  When finished, he and his remaining trusted guards slowly made their way back to Castle Dodanim to await whatever the Fates would deliver next.

*    *    *

After rains of that day ended, the warm spell continued, persisting for several more days.  During that time, Dungie was so absorbed in his drunken festivities that he paid little attention to other kingly duties, and even less to his wives.  It was finally on the third morning after the storm that the new king found himself breakfasting with ZaphipheRa, Chuphoe and a few of his other officers when the house overseer rushed into the chamber to seek a private audience with him.
“Bother me not with your secret chatter!” Dungie grumped, nursing a horrific headache.  “Tell me what it is and be off quickly!  I’ve no time to waste on mindless prattle.”
The man bowed, nervously looking about the room, concerned.  “Yes, my King.  There has been brought to my attention this very morning by one of the kitchen servants a most grievous rumor...one I’m sure there’s no truth to, but I feared you needed to know, should it really be so.”
Dungie looked up from his food, annoyed.  “Well, tell me!  If it is of some value, I’ll not have you whipped for troubling me this early in the day!”
“Yes...my King,” the man hesitantly replied.  “It…it was said of a scullery maid by one of the kitchen help that the woman heard your young wife…Queen Noahashonie… when she was chattering with her girl companion that… that…”
An inpatient Dungie waved a hand at the man.  “Be out with it!”
“Yes…yes, my King…”  Catching his breath, the man nervously continued.  “It was told the kitchen maid that the girl…the queen…said of her unborn child that it was not yours, but one belonging to your father, Javan.”
Dungie’s face went white with rage as he jumped up from the table.  Holding his head from the sudden pounding, he stepped forward, threatening, “If what you’re telling me is a falsehood, I’ll feed your tongue to the rats while it’s still in your mouth!”
The man quailed, “No, no, my King!  I searched out the scullery maid and asked her myself.  She repeated for me that same account.”
“Bring these people to me...now!”  Dungie screamed, his anger flaring.
The house overseer bowed low.  “As you command, my King…”  He hurried away as fast as may be to fetch the others.
In a few minutes, two very distraught and frightened women groveled before their king, telling him everything they had seen and heard.  After more interrogation, the scullery maid confessed that she saw Noah and another hooded person leaving the wives’ chambers, heading across the greens toward the King’s Tower.
When Dungie heard that news, he shouted for his guards to bring Odethbethel to him, assuming she had been the other person.  Taking the house overseer along with him, he started off in a heated rush for Noahashonie’s chambers, shouting over his shoulder to ZaphipheRa, “You may have that little bitch sooner than you expected!”

As Dungie stormed along the hallway of the queen’s chambers, he caught sight of the guard.  “Where is that creature?!”
The guard was confused.
“That creature...my little, queenly bitch, Noah!  Where is she?!”
“In…in her room, my King,” the guard stammered, “sleeping in her bed with her girl companion.”
Not waiting to announce himself, upon reaching the room, Dungie kicked open the door, screaming Noah’s name at the top of his voice as he entered, seeing two bodies curled up in the bed as though asleep.  Whipping away the coverlets, the man was shocked to find only Swalhawena snuggled up to a bundle of blankets.
Screeching in frustration as he grabbed hold of the child’s hair, Dungie yanked her up in the bed, violently shaking Swalhawena, screaming in her face, “Where is it?!  Where is that little bitch-whore?!”
Swalhawena stared blankly at Dungie through tear-filled eyes, saying nothing.
Becoming more enraged, Dungie took to choking the girl with one gloved hand while slapping her about the face with the other.  Suddenly he stopped, smashing her in the mouth with his fist so hard that Swalhawena’s head crashed into the headboard.  Dungie then began to screech as he backhanded her again and again with his gloved hand, “I’ll kill you!  I’ll kill you if you don’t tell me where that bitch is!”
Blood gushed from quivering lips, but Swalhawena would not say a word.  Dungie’s eyes went red, his chest heaving, his body trembling.  He reached out, gripping Swalhawena’s face to snap her neck, stopping at the last second.  He dropped his hands, slowly stepping back, a cruel smile growing on his face.  After a long pause, he hissed, “I don’t want to break my mistress’ toy too soon now, do I?! You will wish I’d killed you by the time I’m finished with you!  No, I think I’ll let you live long to regret this hour.  You’ll beg me to let you die before I’m done!  I’ll find out how good a ride you are, and maybe the horses will, too.  And that will be just the beginning for you.”
He whirled about and left the room, warning the guard to keep a good eye on the girl.  “I’ll be back, little lady!” he shouted over his shoulder. “I’ll be back!”

As Dungie made his way to his kingly chambers, news came to him that Odethbethel was soon to arrive.  Hurrying to get there first, Dungie, having somewhat composed himself, was found sitting casually at his writing table when Odethbethel entered.  Pretending to be absorbed in penning a script, Dungie waited until his mother was standing in front of him before he slowly lifted his gaze to hers.  Setting down the quill, he leaned back in the chair, smiling, as he asked, “So how is my queen and…and her little one?”  He glanced down at Odethbethel’s extended belly.
Nervously, Odethbethel answered that she and the child were fine.
“Good!  Good!” he replied, offering a toothy grin.  “We mustn’t allow any harm come to my child, must we?”
Odethbethel placed her hands on her stomach, concerned.  “I’ve cared well for our son, my husbandly owner and master.  The surgeons and midwives have been in daily council with me so that our boy will be born strong and healthy.”
Dungie glanced over at ZaphipheRa who sat across the table from him while Chuphoe and a few of Dungie’s counselors sat nearby at the morning’s dining table.  Turning his attention back to the written script on his desk, Dungie picked up a parchment knife and began to play with it in his fingers.  “What of our little darling queen, the one the people like to call ‘DrakonMekhasheflahatYeledMeenRooakh’?  How is she faring these days?”
Confused, Odethbethel answered, “I… I don’t know, my Lord and King.  I have not seen her these many days since your arrival, being busy preparing the nursery for our son.”
“Our son…our son…”  Dungie nodded, saying the words more to himself than to anyone in the room.  “Tell me, please, is this child you carry within you really our son?”
Surprised, Odethbethel answered, “Yes, my Lord, made on the first of the days of our marriage celebration.”
Dungie stood, still looking down while playing with the parchment knife.  “Oh really...”  He moved closer, his eyes meeting Odethbethel’s.  “Then tell me, please, who is father to the child my dear little darling queen carries?”
Betrayal of the answer flashed across Odethbethel’s face, the woman unable to hide her knowledge that Noah’s child was not Dungie’s as she stepped back, fumbling for words.  “I… I…I do not know, my Lord.  The surgeons say the child is yours.”
Dungie screamed, “Lies!  Lies!  You knew full well that little bitch girl carried her husband’s child, and you said nothing to me about it!”  He raged on, “And that…that creature you carry within you is undoubtedly sired by the same bull!  My father’s bastard son will not rule the throne over my own children!”  At that, Dungie plunged the parchment knife deep into Odethbethel’s belly.
Odethbethel cried out, feeling life escape her child within as she collapsed to the floor.  “He was your child!  Your child!  As Iam lives, it is your own son you have murdered!”
Dungie angrily turned away, sputtering, “Bitch woman!”
As her blood spilt out onto the floor, Odethbethel called out a curse.  “So shall all the children of Dungie become as manure upon the ground, with not one of his to sit the throne.”
As Dungie walked away, Chuphoe rushed over to assist Odethbethel.
Dungie turned around, waving him off.  “Let it die!  Useless creature deserves nothing more…”
Chuphoe looked up at Dungie, pleading, “My Lord, my Lord, the people…  What will the people say?”
Dungie stopped, rubbing his shaved chin in thought, nodding.  “All right, this time.  I may still have need of her to reassure the people of my kingship.  Call the surgeons to see if there is a mend for her.” He looked over at his counselors, smiling.  “This can be made to look like some of the Nubian travelers come up from the Southlands took advantage of my generous hospitality and accosted my dear, queenly wife and, in the scuffle, murdered my child.”  He eyed ZaphipheRa, his eyes twinkling.  “Yes, and that will serve our purpose well.”
ZaphipheRa closed his eyes, slowly bowing his head.
At that, Dungie called ZaphipheRa and some guards to his side and proceeded to make haste for the King’s Tower.

*    *    *

Blinding lightning flashed across the small room, instantly followed by a numbing crash of thunder that shook the tiny house.  Tuosolmerica glanced up from her sewing while listening to the receding rumbles as they raced away down the valley.  More blinding flashes were quickly followed by deafening thunders, but this time the brilliant lightning did not fade until it revealed ghostly shadows slowly moving along the wall.
Tuosol squinted, scrutinizing the bending, twisty shapes forming word pictures before her eyes.  Another crash of thunder made the old house shudder, so powerful this time that it shook the rafters until dust drifted down toward the floor in little, puffy, gray clouds.  Shaken to her senses, Tuosol dropped her stitching, jumping to her feet.  “Kontin!  Kontin!”  Tuosol cried out excitedly, running for the door.
“Here, my Lady!”  Kontin called back from a side room where he had been absorbed in his studies.  Quickly folding his parchment and slipping it into a leather case, he stood and ran for the door.  “Here, my Lady...”
Tuosol was staring at black, roiling clouds racing north.  She stepped back into the house, casting an anxious, excited gaze at Kontin, her voice cracking on the verge of panic as she cried, “Go quickly!  Rouse the army!  Have helmsmen sound the horns to war!  Where is JuuFet?  Find him and send him to saddle KiiCue!  When you two are finished with those duties, return here and pack provisions for yourselves to last many days.”  Reverberating thunder crashed again, shaking the house as it did before.  “Hurry, boy, hurry!  Bring mounted beasts along for the two of you to ride!  Hurry!  Double up your saddle so that my child, Tosombabanna, can ride with you!”  Tuosol shouted as she turned and darted for her bedroom chamber.

In less than an hour, Tuosol and her army of four hundred Templars, along with several dozen Dragons, drove their mounts at a maddening gallop toward the pass leading north to Castle Dodanim.  Under darkened skies that made morning appear to be little more than a shrouded midnight, Tuosol called out for her buglers to trumpet the gathering cry for others to join them.  Far in the hills, animals were all astir, wolves howling, antlered beasts echoing their chorus of disquiet.
Tuosol and the Dragons, wrapped in cloaks as black as night and the Templars in their furs and armor, upon beasts great and small, charged down the road from the city of Ausalmerica into the gathering storm, the tempest swallowing them up in its ever-growing power.  Heavy hung the realization that there might not be a returning to the city for them.  They had to trust in the power of Iam to protect and save their families left behind.
Many of the people remaining in the city silently stood in the streets, watching the brave soldiers fade into the gloom.  Soon they would begin a journey of their own, taking that same road east, but continuing on over the eastern mountains and to the sea.  There they would make passage on stout, Phoenician ships that would deliver them to new and strange worlds, forever leaving behind the homeland of their birthing.

*    *    *

Dungie paid little heed to the ever-darkening southern horizon as he and the others made haste across the greens toward the King’s Tower.  After all, this was still high winter and there had been an abnormally long warm spell.  It was said by the aged that the longer the warmth during the middle winter thaws, the harsher the coming storms.  Whether there was an approaching storm or not was of little concern to the man as he anxiously pursued his destination.  He would accost Dancing Stones.  If anyone knew the creature’s whereabouts, it was her.
After ascending the winding staircase and tramping the long hallway, Dungie charged past the two surprised guards and barged into the king’s chamber.  “Where is that little bitch girl, little whore!” Dungie shouted upon entering the room, his entourage quietly following close behind.  “Tell me, for I can smell your witchery in this matter!”
EpiphanOida sat in her chair beside the hearth, bundled up in her blankets, smoke from dying embers lazily drifting up its chimney.  The woman’s eyes were closed as if asleep.
Dungie took another step and stopped, fearing to approach any closer.  Dancing Stones was a witch rumors said had great powers.  Dungie was not going to take too great a chance of finding out if those rumors were true or not.  He shouted again, “What did you do with that girl?!  She’s my queenly wife and I deserve to know!”
Eyes opened in a pale face as EpiphanOida slowly turned to look at her antagonist.  Through pallid lips, she scoffed, “So comes the scarecrow after the ravens have stripped the crop from the field.  Little boy, you’re too late!  Your treasure has abandoned you.  The tiny bird has flown far beyond your pitiable reach.”
Dungie was furious, but not greatly surprised.  Seething, he asked, “So she has been here?!”
EpiphanOida smiled, “She and your father’s wonderful little baby girl that she carries…  I thought you knew, seeing she passed by the guards to gain entrance.”
Dungie spun around, shouting for the two guards.  One after another, the frightened men entered the room, stopping just inside.  Angrily, Dungie ordered them to come forward, they quickly obeying.  After asking if they had seen Noahashonie in the tower recently, the men said not so.
Dungie looked back at EpiphanOida.  She only smiled and turned her gaze toward the smoldering blaze.  Returning his attention to the guards, Dungie queried, pointing back toward EpiphanOida, “This woman says that creature was here, yet you say she was not.  How can that be?  Is this not the day watch at which you are stationed here?  Reports have come to me that two women entered the King’s Tower during the morning watch three days ago, your watch.  One of those women was my wife, Noahashonie.”
The guards quailed in fright, one answering, “We saw not your wife, nor any kingly person.  Two women servants dressed in scullery clothing came to tend their duties and then quickly left.  No others did we find come to visit this woman other than those two.”
Frowning, Dungie turned his angry glare away from the tower guards.  Studying EpiphanOida, he thought what little difference it really made whether Noah came here or not.  Dancing Stones was his prisoner in the tower.  She could not offer the girl escape.  Indeed, why would the girl come here in the first place?  This was all meaningless unless…unless…
Stepping closer to EpiphanOida, Dungie inquired, “Do you know where the creature is?”
EpiphanOida nodded, “Yes, I sent her to my city, ObebBailSoar.”
“How?!” Dungie blurted out, “How did you send her there?  Who helped with her escape?”
Although turning her gaze upon Dungie, EpiphanOida gave her attention to ZaphipheRa.  “She rides upon a midnight fleece of fire, beasts, and hounds…”
ZaphipheRa bolted back as if struck.  With lips quivering, he warned Dungie, “There is evil witchcraft been done here, my Lord!  Do be careful, for there is treachery afoot against you!  Better leave the girl go for now and search out your own people to rid this evil from us.”
“Bah!”  Dungie waved his hands at ZaphipheRa.  Cursing, he sent one of his bodyguards away to gather his men.  “Five hundred of my Holy Knights will be an impressive foe.  Tell them to be on the northern road within the hour.  After retrieving that little whore wife of mine, have them burn ObebBailSoar and slaughter the inhabitants!  That should help send a message that I’m not to be toyed with!”
EpiphanOida smiled, closing her eyes.  “Evil…yes, evil, it even now pants onward, approaching from the south, and it is ever hungry in the north.  Yes, take the northern road.  Go in search of the child.  Please do, please do…”
Dungie began to fume.  “Shut up!  Shut up!”
Growing nervous, ZaphipheRa lifted a hand.  “Master, the witch goads you on to destruction.  Please recall your soldiers, for I fear something dreadful awaits them up that road!”
EpiphanOida grinned, looking at the burning embers, uttering, “Upon your flesh the gorgons feast until your cherished manhood drowns.”
ZaphipheRa gasped, crying out, “My Lord!!”  Throwing his hands over his face, he turned and ran from the room toward and down the distant staircase, all the while crying, “No!  No!  No!  No!  No-o-o…!”
Disquieted by his chief counselor’s irrational actions, Dungie nervously asked what EpiphanOida’s riddles were all about.
The woman settled in the chair, resting her head on its tall back.  “The little boy wants answers, wants answers… This we will tell him...forgotten not will your name become for all the ages of men, for when excrement the sojourner steps in, or when the hired man cleans out a stall, shall they both call out your name as they shake free the dungy filth.”
Dungie went into a rage, screaming and shouting curses at the top of his lungs.  After he had carried on for some time, he quieted as a sneering grin crept across his face.  “Well, my little birdie may have flown away, but you, oh most foolish of women, have remained in the coop!  I shall take that child of yours this very day and feed it to the dogs in front of your eyes!  Then I will decide what reward to give to you, so stupid a fool so as to have not procured your own rescue.”
EpiphanOida turned her head and stared into Dungie’s face, grinning.  She laboriously rose, and tossing away her blankets and shawl, stood there naked before him.  “So, what does the master of this world have left to hold onto but an empty sack?  Little birdie carried off many things when it flew away.  Empty is the coop, all your treasures stolen by the fox.”
Dungie was stunned, speechless.  His eyes began to search the room, seeing the bloodied sheets and buckets filled with stained, red rags.  As realization sunk in as to what had been done here, he turned to his bodyguards, ordering them to take the two tower guards out and execute them.  “Hang their heads upon pikes beside the broadway as testimony against any of my subjects who ignore their royal duties!  See to it first that their wives and children are slaughtered before their eyes!”
Dungie stood there, listening to the whimpering pleadings as the two men were dragged away.  When it was again quiet, he turned his attention back to EpiphanOida.  “I have not finished with you!  You will not escape my wrath!”
EpiphanOida turned and slowly walked toward the bed.  “Six more are the years of your fornications.  Go away, little boy and celebrate for what little time you have left.”
Like a pig being slaughtered, Dungie squealed in contemptuous rage.  Drawing his blade, he lunged for EpiphanOida.
EpiphanOida felt the harmonics’ warning message of danger.  She did nothing.  This was what she anticipated, hoped for.  Rescue was but a day or two away - an army of demon-chasers able to bring down Dungie’s entire wicked house.  Yet what would such a reckless act of valor accomplish other than more fathers who would not return to loving arms and weeping over husbands, over lovers lost - only empty wombs and empty lives?
No!  EpiphanOida’s life had been filled with emptiness, bereft of lovers and children.  She was not going to allow more blood to be spilt for her.  Rejected she had, the same gift as her mentor, Aphrodite, had.  Too tired they were, too saddened over all the wicked evil they witnessed.  Sodasonie did not understand, could not, though she had tried.  For EpiphanOida and Aphrodite, there was no long life of peaceful bliss to swaddle oneself in on lonely nights.  Evil plight had been their nursemaid, death their constant companion.  Everything dear to them had been stolen away through time and death.
A satisfied smile grew on the woman’s lips.  She hoped Sodasonie could forgive her, hoped Iam would overlook her great weakness, but there was nothing else for it, not now.  Even if the seconds permitted her mind and body time to react to Dungie’s onslaught, the woman’s heart refused to pay any heed.  She was tired, worn out, like a dishrag having scrubbed one too many pots, a purse empty of any remaining treasure.  It was a good time to depart this evil world.  After all, her duties were finished.  There was nothing left to be done that concerned her.
She had prepared well.  Meric, Javan’s son, was safe in a faraway place, protected by a child of the Elkhorn.  No harm would come to him, not with her clan watching over his life.  BondaBoor stood guard upon the highways, his army valiant and brave.  No enemy would pass him by until all life was drained from every man of his holding a blade.
Then there were the beasts summoned again from the dark lands that stood watch over those very same highways.  No mortal could pass beyond Harrow Fords, just south of DambyHarrow, without permission of the cave bears of Shunnie, guardians of those fords.  No…no mortal enemy even the size of Pharaoh AnahNakaNoah’s army could gain the breadth of one foothold beyond those fords!  And Dungie’s soldiers were as good as dead men the moment they would take to the northern road - five hundred fewer to resist EpiphanOida’s advancing rescuers.
Then there was Noahashonie, greatest of all Daughter Dragons, because she had been anointed by the laying on of the hands of Iam, himself.  EpiphanOida had also given to the girl the very gifts she was supposed to carry until the appointed time.  She was saddened to think of her disobedience over the matter, but felt it the wisest of her decisions, considering who Noah was to become.  Yes, give the gift to someone who knows not the loss of everything in her life, who still hopes for better things to come, still desires to smell the richness of spring flowers and wishes for the love of a strong, caring man.
Had the Fates chosen Noah to be who she was to come to be, or were they now forced to do so because both Aphrodite and she, Dancing Stones, had rejected such a road?  EpiphanOida did not know.  Tuosolmerica, soon to be the eldest of the Daughter Dragons, did not want it and regretted the coming day when she was to take it. Tuosol was no coward who would shirk her responsibilities the way she had done, but EpiphanOida believed the woman did not have the strength left within her heart to lead Future’s armies.
Yes, Noah was the answer.  She had the strength and a resolve to carry out what the others could not.  Possibly this had been the plan all along, Noah the destined child to bring down the house of Hormax so that it always remained a denizen of confusion.  Divide and conquer…  Had that not been the battle plan, especially after the Dragons’ failure through the destruction of the machines...prevent the wicked house from gathering all the kingdoms together until the Appointed Time for the Nations, keep them confused and untrusting of each other, foment war not peace, stir the pot of political intrigues?  Noah could do all this and more.
And what of that green-eyed child, Juliet, the seductress?  Little did she yet understand that her years of servitude at the hands of an evil pimp had prepared her for future journeys.  Kingdoms would fall and nations would rise because of the woman’s hypnotic glance and sensuous speech.  Monarchs would fall upon their own blades to have but one look into those eyes, to feel but one touch of her silky-smooth skin.  She would be able to launch a thousand ships to war by speaking but a word.
What of the others that EpiphanOida’s visions had revealed to her?  Yes, well chosen.  All were now safe but one, and her rescuer was soon to arrive.  Gods in the flesh of mortals, Haudenosaunez…the world would never again be the same.  The power of the Dragons was on the wane, but the coming powers were far more to be feared.  They would not live by code, honor, or creed, but would take what they will, when they wish, and how they want, for they would be Children of the Bloodwind.  No law would bind them and no king or god could judge them.  Iam had sworn it to be so, as EpiphanOida had seen in her visions.
It had come!  EpiphanOida could feel the harmonics calling out their warning, and then the ever so slight prickling sensation as the point of Dungie’s blade touched her skin.  The blade slid in between the ribs ever so quickly, clipping the heart and piercing a lung.  It was a good, well-executed blow.  Dungie was schooled in these arts and had learned his lessons well.  The severed artery guaranteed death, but not before the victim drowned in blood gushing into the lungs.  This afforded time for the victim to turn and look into the face of his or her assassin, the overwhelming look of surprise, shock, and betrayal filling the face.  What a thrilling moment for the attacker, to watch his prey’s surprise.
EpiphanOida’s arms flung outward as the force of the blow pushed her toward the bed.  Dungie used this forward momentum to pull the knife from her back.
‘A good hunter…’  EpiphanOida thought as she fell forward.  ‘Do not allow the blade to seal the wound.  Remove it so blood will flow freely.’
EpiphanOida’s knees hit the floor, her arms catching the bed so that her upper body rested upon its edge.  She gave no glory to her murderer by paying Dungie any heed.  She had known of this moment as soon as she had turned away and offered her stinging rebuke.  The boy had been played and she would let him know it by not recognizing his presence other than offering a “Thank you…” as EpiphanOida sputtered with her last, feeble breath, spattering the bed with crimson droplets.  Soon she was coughing up mouthfuls of blood, the rupture having filled one lung and flooding into the other.  It hurt little, mostly a dull pain.  And the blood loss was also quickly numbing her mind.  It would all be over soon enough.
EpiphanOida’s oxygen-starved brain soon started to play tricks on her, or was it?  A golden-white brilliance began to consume the woman.  From that comforting light, a hand reached out for her and then a voice beckoned, “Sarah, my Sarah, so long I have waited for your arrival.”  Dodanim’s smiling face suddenly appeared before her eyes.  “Come, please, my Darling, come with me to enjoy this new day.  Come see the wondrous things I’ve made for you.”
EpiphanOida reached out a hand, taking her husband’s in hers and drifted off into the warm, soothing light.

Dungie stepped back, confused.  EpiphanOida’s final words stung like the slap from a deceptive maiden promising a kiss should her charming victim do an evil deed for her, yet delivering only blows and denunciations when the wicked action was accomplished.  He had been set up to do this evil deed, to murder this person so that she would not have to murder herself.  He had been played the fool, and could do nothing but scream out his anguish to the sky now that is was finished
 It was done!  Dancing Stones had won the battle in the end, leaving him the victor of a forlorn, empty field, the treasure already stolen.  But the judgment?  Guilt for all the destruction fully laid at his feet…
Before Dungie could respond to his newfound revelations, the horrific tempest struck.  Thunder caused the ground to quake, shaking the tower in its fear-inspiring rage, casting chunks of plaster down from the ceiling, opening cracks in the tower’s walls as the sky grew dark as night.
Ball lightning flashed through the tower window, exploding in the fireplace, filling the room with blinding light.  The fireplace roared to life, spewing sparks and smoke into the room.  As Dungie stared in terrified amazement, the black, sooty smoke began to take on shapes of hooded spirits silently drifting about the room.  Then, the eerie glow of the fire reached out, filling the room with an unearthly radiance.
Dungie and his remaining guards panicked and raced out the door, down the long passage and twisting staircase, the eerie light chasing them.  By the time the men had reached an open area of ground, the entire tower basked in a terrifying, greenish glow.  Trembling in fright, Dungie and the others stared in disbelief at the world around them.  This was not happening, could not be happening!
Silent sheet lightning flashed across the ragged sky, as streaks of ball lightning by the hundreds drifted earthward.  Already many stables and wooden outbuildings were ablaze, frenzied people darting about, unable to quench the countless fires.  Lightning bolts crackled across the heavens, unleashing their destructive power.
About this time, the guard sent to gather the army had returned.  Although terror-stricken, he did not falter.  “My Lord, the army is off to the north, leaving the city as I speak.”
Dungie did not answer the man.  How could he think about such foolery when realizing just how awful his world had suddenly become?  Just this morning, he was making plans to return south to finish the warring against his enemy.  Soon there were to be born to him two children to carry his blood into future days and, in short order, the child of his father, Javan, was to be eliminated so that his own family line would be guaranteed the throne.
Now all his glorious visions of the future lay in ashes, everything ruined…his children not his own; Javan’s son beyond his reach, the little bitch-child wife escaped.  Why, even his most trusted counselor was off hiding in some corner because of a few meaningless words come from the witch’s mouth.  And now this terrifying storm!  It was so wrong…so wrong!  He had done everything the gods commanded him to do, listened to every word.  Where were they to help him in this traumatic hour?  Iam!  Iam!  Oh, how he hated that name!  No!  He would never bend a knee to such an evil God again.  Never!
“My King!  My King!”  A harried man, his face filled with despair, ran across the greens and up to Dungie.  “My King, please come quickly!  It is so sad.  So sad...”
Eyeing the man contemptuously, Dungie asked what he was about.
“My King, your queenly wife, Oieannata, with your son, was visiting her sister and her family just this hour when the storm hit.  A giant ball of fire tumbled from the clouds and fell upon the house in which they were taking shelter, causing it to collapse and burn around them.  It is feared that all inside have perished.”
Dungie fell to his knees, ripping his garments while wailing toward the heavens, “May the gods of Hormax have mercy upon my soul so that I may bring down to the pit all who worship this evil Iam!  May all his servants burn in eternal damnation for the evil he has done to me!”

*    *    *

A gentle rapping came from outside Swalhawena’s window.  Cautiously, the girl made her way from the bed to see what the matter was.  Cracking the shutters a bit, she saw Rae’s smiling face and quickly opened them, allowing the boy to crawl through the window, into the room.
Firelight revealed a face to Rae that he did not at first recognize.  Swollen and bloodied, Swalhawena looked a fright.  Moved with pity, the boy found a basin and a cloth.  Filling the basin, he gently washed away the bloody filth on the girl’s face.  Wincing a little through the pain as Rae cleansed her wounds, Swalhawena thanked him for his kindness, and then warned the boy about the danger he was certainly in.  Rae quietly laughed, replying in little above a whisper so as not to rouse the guard outside the door, “Little danger it is for such a treasure as I have found!  Your mistress has requested your company and I have come to fetch you.”
Concerned, Swalhawena replied, “It is ten cubits to the ground!  I am too weak and bruised to make such a descent.  I fear you have wasted your efforts climbing up here to rescue me.”
Rae laughed again, “You need not fear.  I’ve brought a basket to carry you in.”  Seeing the girl was still naked from the morning hour, having not bothered to dress after being beaten, Rae encouraged her to gather some personal belongings after dressing up in several garments.  “The road is long and the weather threatens a drastic change.  Take your furs and boots, and we shall be off.”
While Swalhawena managed to dress, Rae gathered up a few of the things he believed Noah would like to have.  When finished, he placed the roped basket seat on the windowsill and assisted the girl into it.  “Hang on tight to the rope and I will lower you to the ground.  Do be careful and do not call out for any reason at all.  Should I linger, do not wait for me.”  Swalhawena kissed Rae.  The young man blushed.  Easing the girl over the edge, he then carefully lowered her from the window.
Swalhawena had not yet touched the ground when burly arms swooped her up.
“Got ya!” a gruff voice exclaimed in a hush.
The girl’s heart jumped in panic.  If not for Rae’s command to remain silent, Swalhawena would have surely screamed out in fright.  As her eyes began to slowly adjust to the darkness, she at last recognized the person holding her.  Releasing her rope, she wrapped her arms around the man.  “BondaBoor, I love you!” the girl quietly cried before kissing him.
In seconds, Rae was on the ground, having climbed down another rope.  With the bundles secured to his back, and Swalhawena wrapped in BondaBoor’s arms, the three took off on a slow run across the greens, the tempestuous storm withholding its flaming glory until the trio was safely away from prying eyes.
By the time the riotous lightning returned, the three were riding hard for the safety of the north, Dungie’s army already little more than a wistful memory.

*    *    *

Tears were still streaming down Tuosol’s face as she mounted KiiCue after breaking camp.  Her closest companion was dead – murdered - that she knew because the breeze carried word to her about it.  She was too late.  Something terrible had happened!  It was not supposed to be this way, to end this way! The visions in her head upon her bed spoke of a different fate, a different future.  Now there was little left to do but gather her sister’s body to ObebBailSoar and offer it a proper funeral.  This she would do if it cost her all those who rode with her this day!  To her own death Tuosol would ride, to prevent the desecration of Dancing Stones’ body.
On the company rode, gathering strength as it made its way north toward Castle Dodanim.  By the time they had reached HackensBrook, a small hamlet filled with common folk who worked the fields and fished nearby lakes, Tuosol’s military host was nearly eight hundred strong.
Behind the army, the towns, cities, and farms were in excited tumult.  Countless thousands, loyal to their former king and his God, were setting torches ablaze to gather up their possessions in preparation for the long march east to the sea.  There the northern clans of the sons of Kittim and Tarshish were readying ships to journey these vast crowds to eastern lands across the wide sea.  War was coming to the world of men, one the likes of which had never been seen up to that day.  The time for flight was now, the storm offering protection for those willing to take to this lonely road of uncertainty.
At HackensBrook, Tuosol quickly gathered the older men together to warn them.  “Anyone seeking escape must do so very soon!  Behind us rides a storm the likes of which has not been seen since the days of your fathers’ fathers!  The arms of angels hold back its rage, offering you escape to the Eastern Mountains if you leave quickly.
“Once you’ve reached the western ranges of those yonder mountains, snows from this approaching storm will not wield their powers against you.  Easy and safe will your travels be from there on to the sea.  EricTomassie and his legions, our brothers of the Skotfane Clan, all sons of Kittim, hold secure those lands and will afford all honest sojourners safe passage.  As I have said, for those wishing escape from the coming evil descending upon this world, the time to do so is now.  Do not dally!”
This same warning message Tuosol delivered to every village, farm, and city they passed through on their journey north to Castle Dodanim.  Troubadours were sent scattering about the countryside to warn all who would listen, encouraging them to make haste to escape the future days of unrest.

It was near the end of the second day of the company’s advance that scouts made report of a heavy contingent of cavalry blocking the bridge at SumeRae.  “Archer’s with flaming arrows and knights on armored horses bar our path!” a scout exclaimed.
Tuosol charged KiiCue onward, ordering her Dragons to the fore.  “Follow us and see the power of Iam unleashed!” she cried over her shoulder as she stormed away.
On through the darkness, the company pressed until coming to a low rise overlooking the valley in front of SumeRae.  Spreading out into the fields of HasshonRow, Tuosol and the Dragons advanced in rank until just out of bowshot range of the enemy.
Urging KiiCue forward a few paces, Tuosol raised her hand high, calling out to the soldiers across the sluggish stream, “Clear the bridge and allow us passage and we will not bring you to ruin!”
Instantly, a taunting voice cried out from the other side of the bridge, “Does the witch who murders the sons of Horus speak with truthful speech?  Go away, back to your Pits of the Damned, or be forever dead!”
Tuosol recognized the voice to be that of a Hormaxian high priest.  She shouted back, “Bastard son of fornications, prepare to meet the boatman!”  At that, she called out in a language both ancient and terrifying as she and the Dragons with her pulled from their belts what appeared to be short walking staffs, shimmering bright in the ever-darkness.  Pointing them toward the sky, they cried together in a chant that sounded much like the power of a ram’s horn.  The sky rumbled in response, sheet lightning flashing across the sky from one extremity of the heavens to the other.  Tuosol directed her Dragons to point their weapons toward the enemy across the waters, all of them taking up another chant much like the one before.
At first, there was silence.  Suddenly, a streaking fireball flashed forth, crashing in the roadway just the other side of the bridge, its explosive power renting the Hormaxian priest asunder, killing several others standing nearby.  Then the sky erupted in flame and fire, sending thousands of blinding bolts into the fields across the stream.  Fire raced along the ground, consuming the soldiers as they stood, transfixed, stunned by the ghastly sight.  Others fled, screaming, human torches all set alight.  For some time, the rain of lightning fell upon the fields across the stream.  Those few who survived the onslaught were soon on the road, hightailing it north.
Before the hour had passed, Tuosol’s army was over the bridge and through the tiny city of SumeRae.  In only a few short hours, they would stand before the gates of Castle Dodanim.  There they would finally confront the power of Hormax.  Who would win the contest?  Tuosol was certain of victory, but at what cost to her people, she was not yet sure.  She need not have feared…

Castle Dodanim was located on bluffs above a wide, fertile valley.  The southern road entered that city by way of a high, walled gate made of blue stone quarried in the wilderness hills to the north and west of Paris, delivered by flatboats down the Ice River to settlements in the east.  There the stones were loaded onto narrow barges and pulled by large cattle along a winding canal that finally brought them to landings in the broad valley below Castle Dodanim.  Over time, a wall of these stones came to surround the entirety of the old city.
It was in the northeast corner of Castle Dodanim, near the northern gate, that the four major roads met, the North Road leading to ObebBailSoar, the northernmost city in the kingdom, the West Road going off toward Paris, the westernmost city.  The East Road went over the eastern mountains and eventually to the sea and the South Road went through the city, past the palace on to Ogallala and the Bantoowazzi. The roads did not cross but formed a circle of sorts.  The streets here were much wider than elsewhere in the city, the circle road being some thirty cubits in width.
The walled passageway to the North Road had long been called the ‘King’s Gate’, being located nearest the circle where the kingly stone, Eziahmooshem, was located in the circle’s center.  Few knew the reason for the circle, or why this location of lesser importance, far from the kingly buildings, had been chosen to be honored with such royal names, or why it was used during royal celebrations.  After all, the greens were much grander and closer to the throne rooms and royal living quarters.
Truth be told, a truth secreted away in two hearts and only revealed to one Noahashonie many generations later, the very center of the circle, long before any city existed here, was a very special place for these same two hearts.  When Dodanim was a young man busy about his adventures, he met a maiden little more than in her teens.  He was so beguiled by the girl’s beauty that he turned aside to take up servitude to the girl’s father for seven years to buy the maiden’s hand.
Here, in the very center of the circle, when this place was filled with wild flowers of every variety and hue, when the warm summer breezes wafted in from the southern lands, the young man took his new bride and sealed with her a covenant of eternal love.  Later, on that very spot, the two lovers built a humble house of thatch and pine.  In time, a city grew up around that humble house, the house eventually succumbing to the termite and the weather.
It was after the death of Dodanim that the people, in honor of him, brought the stone of Eziahmooshem to be placed in the center of the circle, the people believing it to be a royal, kingly stone, not knowing its earlier history.  EpiphanOida did not have the heart to tell the people the truth concerning the stone or its history, believing it better to let them accept the troubadour’s fanciful but much happier tales of valor and romance.
This was EpiphanOida’s city.  She had become a woman in it, birthed in it, loved in it, fought in it, and now died in it.  It was the way she wanted it to be.  But the remainder of her journey was not to be of her making, though she would have approved of it, might have even planned it.

Thundering hooves shook the southern road, the heavy pounding of battle-ready horses felt miles away.  An army approached to gather up their prize - an army that filled the hearts of soldiers standing the ramparts above the barred Southern Gate with fear and dread.
Tuosol’s army drew up on the valley floor below the bluffs in front of the Southern Gate.  By now, her forces numbered better than one thousand, most veterans of the wars against AnahNakaNoah’s invasion force.  They were hardened combat soldiers, knowing the horrors of battle, not easily turned or routed.  Behind the walls of the city, Dungie had possibly double that number of soldiers, but most were young and untrained.  Less than four hundred of his experienced Holy Knights remained to defend it.
Advancing in battle lines of two hundred, Tuosol moved her lead elements up the bluffs toward the city gate.  Many of the soldiers facing Tuosol were not loyal to Hormax, but were raised in the shadow of the Dragons, EpiphanOida being their leader and hero.  Indeed, many in that city were related by blood to the woman.
Confusion and uncertainty reigned among the soldiers.  Dungie was their new king, appointed as was the understanding by Javan, himself.  Yet here facing them - against the city and their new king - was one of the most renowned of the Dragons, and with her rode a terrifying host of her brothers and sisters!
When Tuosol was within hailing distance, she called out to the men standing upon the walls, “Turn away, open the gate and live!  We come not for war, but to gather our own kin, mother-sister of the Dragons, murdered by a usurper king!”
Sheet lightning flashed across the clouds, followed by an ominous rumble of thunder rolling down the valley.  The torches upon the wall wavered little.  A few of the soldier’s attempted to flee, but were threatened to stay their stations.
“Where is your king?!” Tuosol demanded.  “Tell him to stand down his people!”
A voice shouted back, “Our king will not quail before you!  These walls and our blades of steel will not permit your kind entrance to this holy city!”
In anger, Tuosol cried defiantly, “Then I shall bring down this holy city of yours!”  She charged forward, lifting her staff high.  Screaming out to the wind, she called down a curse upon the city, lightning suddenly racing from the sky, striking the woman so that she burned with the brightness of the sun.  “Ku Sii!  Ku Sii!  Seba!  Seba!” she screeched with the wail of a banshee witch.
Pointing her weapon forward, she charged the walled city, a crimson flame shooting from her weapon, sending an explosive blaze into the fortified gate.  Timbers shattered and stones cracked, crumbling under their own weight.  Those not instantly incinerated by the fiery blast or not crushed under the collapsing wall fled in confused panic.  A sudden battle cry came from her army.  By the time Tuosol attained the breach, a hundred stampeding horses were tight on her heels, many hundred more close behind.
Charging through the gate, Tuosol’s company made short work of the few soldiers who stood against them, those mostly being of the order of the Holy Knights.  The last company of Knights to hold the line against them surrendered on the greens in front of the king’s palace after Tuosol promised to bring no harm to Dungie, nor would she kill any of the priests of Horus.
While some of the Dragons went to the tower to retrieve Dancing Stones’ body, Tuosol demanded that Dungie and his officers be brought out to confront their antagonist, she sending several of her soldiers to fetch them.  In short order, a very distraught Dungie was standing on the greens, looking up at Tuosol, still sitting her mount.  ZaphipheRa stood defiant, but refused to make eye contact with the woman.
“I have promised to bring no harm to you this night.  It is a promise I regretfully will keep.” Tuosol declared to Dungie.  “I come to gather our dead.  Tomorrow, I will not be so kind.”  She then looked at the others.  “I have also promised to give to you your lives as spoil, but I did not promise to leave you unchanged.”  Searching the faces, she cast many pronouncements and curses to be fulfilled in future days.
When she came to Chuphoe, the woman stopped, gazing deep into the man’s eyes.  “I know what you have done, and you cannot escape the fated road you are now on.” she spoke accusingly, but with a musical lilt.  Chuphoe’s heart filled with dread, but at the same moment felt warmth like that of a mother’s loving touch.  He slowly bowed his head, saying not a word.
Finally, she turned her attention to ZaphipheRa and his two companions.  “I promised not to kill you, as you do so much deserve!  Your evil will bring this world to its end!”
She first pointed an accusing finger at Zike and Rebottah.  “Liars!  Deceivers!  With tongues stitched down, you confessed your dumbness of speech.  Become honest men and live as you have confessed!”
The two men cried out in anguish as their tongues withered in their mouths as she spoke.  In horror, ZaphipheRa quailed as he saw the finger of God’s agent point at him.
“For you, the maker of Zaelock slaves to do your every bidding, and the man who so wishes to become like his forebear of renown, Hormax…”  Tuosol paused as her eyes bored into his.  “Remember this face, for it will haunt your sleepless nights!  Like your forebear you shall become, with leprosy white as snow.  Never will you corrupt a child again as you desired to do with my sister of the blood, Noahashonie.  Cursed is your manhood!  Let it wither away!”
Instantly, the man cried out in agony, clutching his groin as his flesh began to turn deathly white.  He fell to the ground, howling in pain while others stared in disbelief.
As ZaphipheRa lay writhing upon the ground, Tuosol turned her attention to a terrified Dungie.  “The powers of the gods you have chosen to serve are as your own name will become, nothing more than manure upon the ground!  Better it would be for you to have never been born than to face your accusers in judgment’s hour!  Everything you do will become as the son you murdered this other day.  All your schemes will come to naught, and the Zaelock you love so much will your own flesh tear up in the ending hour!”
Tuosol glanced up at the King’s Tower, still bathed in a ghostly glow.  She looked back at Dungie, wagging a threatening finger.  “It stands as a sign between you and me!  My eyes will ever watch from those upper windows while the spirits of my kind will ever haunt the tower itself.  Do not bring harm to any man who seeks escape from this city, or any of the lands round about! Do not touch his wife, his children, his kinsman, or his beasts, or any of his possessions should he desire to leave this despicable land!  My eyes will be ever watching.  If you do to them any harm, I will do to you seven times what I have done to this evil man!” pointing at ZaphipheRa.
She then demanded, “Now swear to me in an oath before all these witnesses that you will do all that I have commanded, or die now where you stand!”  Seeing how hopeless the moment was, Dungie swore the oath demanded of him, secretly seeking a time when he could be free of it.
By now, the Dragons were returned with EpiphanOida’s body wrapped in royal tapestry.  Procuring a wagon, they carefully placed her in it along with several of her personal items found in the king’s chamber.
Tuosol slowly made her way to the head of the long army column, the wagon carrying EpiphanOida’s body following close behind.  The procession then made its way through the city to the King’s Gate and out on to the road north.  A vast company of the city’s inhabitants gathered their belongings into wagons and carts and followed the army out of the city on its journey toward ObebBailSoar.  Eventually, the funeral train stretched for several miles along the narrow, twisting road.  For many of these people, there would be no returning to the city of their birthing, remembered by them forever only in sleepless dreams.

It took ten days for Tuosolmerica’s company to reach ObebBailSoar and several more for the long train of mourners.  Up on a rise overlooking the Temple Owhar that EpiphanOida and Dodanim had so long ago constructed, there was raised a mountainous stack of timber.  It was some thirty cubits from the base of the long, ascending stairway to a broad, flat deck more than twenty cubits across.  In the middle of this deck, built from the hardwoods growing around the city, a platform five cubits long and two wide sat, draped with boughs of evergreen and mistletoe.  Up to this place, Tuosol quietly rode, delivering Dancing Stones’ body still wrapped in the tapestry that had hung upon the wall, above the head of the bed Dodanim had so long ago built as a gift for his maiden wife, when their little house of pine and thatch stood alone on the bluffs above the wide valley below.
When Swalhawena was rescued, BondaBoor had also stolen away EpiphanOida’s great cat, the Mosthruah, AdaBonie.  It now lay as if resting upon the deck, waiting its master’s arrival.  Never would another soul ride the beast, it being a gift given by the gods to the woman.  Now AdaBonie was being returned to them, it too wonderful a treasure to become the possession of another mortal being.
Other treasures that had once represented the life, hopes, and dreams of this most wondrous of Daughter Dragons were brought to the tower’s upper deck and carefully placed around the raised platform.  Unlike pagan rulers who sought added glory in the afterlife by taking along their personal, valued possessions enjoyed while living among the sons of men, EpiphanOida did not believe such foolish tales.  Her loving companions offered up these erstwhile gifts as tokens of the love they carried for this selfless woman…gifts they cared not to allow any other living creatures to pollute with their unappreciative touch.
Dancing Stones was an unpretentious person, living as simple a life as queen over nations of men as she had while tending to her young family’s needs in that little, humble home built of pine and thatch.  A few carvings, some paintings of family, some simple ornaments of shell and stone were her most precious of possessions.  Gold and silver?  She had naught, cared naught for.  The objects placed around the platform reflected that simplistic, carefree life of a woman who had given everything to the world of men so as to keep them free.
The tools and weapons Dancing Stones had carried throughout her life were a different story, though.  In a script found among her private things, she had requested them to be gifted to certain others.  To Noahashonie went the torch taken from Enoch’s house and its staff.   This included the serpent head and attachable blade.  Also a small silver box containing six dice made of whale tusk and twelve multi-colored, jade marbles was given Noahashonie for her unborn child, Hyhoset.
Dancing Stone’s sword came to belong to BondaBoor, and her short dagger now rested in the hands of JulietDalmatia.  Other items of priceless worth - because they all came from the days before the Great Flooding - were presented to SusannahKiabottam who received a small, folding, pocket knife with a pearl handle; HilgaTomassie, a polished piece of crystal that made objects appear much larger when looking through it; and to Tuosolmerica, a liquid-filled, crystal case with a black, needle-like stone floating within that always pointed north.  The liquid glowed green in the darkness, revealing the needle floating within the case.
There were also other gifts EpiphanOida willed.  A small sewing kit went to Tosombabanna.  The glowing machine she carried the night before the battle for the fords was given to Swalhawena.  RaeMericaTomassie received the woman’s hunting blade.  Cothath became owner of her dreaming pipe and a small bag of her special pipe weed. KontinKuken received sparking flints for starting fires; SchroGarthTho a finely crafted mouth harp of gold and ivory; LumdonDuridshemion a hunter’s ram’s horn with silver inlay; and Baalath, Prince of Ogallala, an eyepiece that let one see great distances.  EpiphanOida’s parchment codex filled with written lessons in words and numbers, leads, quills, and additional empty sheets of parchment came into the hands of JuuFet.  All those personal treasures EpiphanOida willed to these sixteen people.
It was on the sixteenth day after Tuosol’s leaving Castle Dodanim that the final groups of mourners arrived at ObebBailSoar.  Among the last to make their way to the tower of oaken wood were Baalath and his company from Ogallala.  They had ridden hard these many days after hearing report of EpiphanOida’s death.  Much to his surprise, the man’s coming was not only anticipated but expected, Tuosol directing him to join her in the processional that was to take Dancing Stones’ body up the stairs, to be laid upon the funeral platform.
These same people earlier mentioned: Tuosol, Noah, BondaBoor, Juliet, Susannah, Hilga, Tosombabanna, Swalhawena, Rae, Kontin, JuuFet, Lumdon, SchroGarthTho, Baalath, and Cothath were to carry this great Daughter Dragon to her resting place.  Up the steep stairway, the members of this party carefully transported the body of the woman so precious to their souls, finally delivering her to a bed of pine boughs and mistletoe.
Few were the dry eyes of those people when they finally lay Dancing Stones’ wrapped body upon the scented boughs.  Tuosol and BondaBoor then pulled the tapestry back so that it draped down over the platform.  For all these many days after the woman’s demise, no corruption had found her body.  As fresh in appearance and tone was it as the moment she fell asleep in death.  In the days preceding, Tuosol and the women with her had cleaned the tapestry and washed EpiphanOida’s body before wrapping it up again in the freshened tapestry.  In the ever-darkness of the haunting storm-clouds, her body now emitted the same ghostly green glow that the King’s Tower had the night the Dragons had removed it from there.
Upon the high deck above the stairs, these fifteen people stood, surrounding the naked, undraped body, each one of them standing as she lay.  Tuosol began a chant while the crowds below quietly looked on in awe.  Silent lightning flashed constantly across the clouds as if responding to the woman’s musical cries.  When finished with her prayerful chant, BondaBoor, SchroGarthTho, Baalath, and Cothath took up four torches that were stationed beside four great wooden jars filled with oil.  At Tuosol’s command, each man touched his torch to the liquid in the jars.
There would be but a few minutes that remained before the pitch sealing the jars would heat up and melt, releasing the burning oil onto the tower made of hardwoods, setting off a blaze that would consume the body of the woman so dearly loved by these people.  There was little time for the funeral party to escape, but one more thing was yet to be done.
Tuosol took up a small flint and, as earlier directed, each person held out an opened hand to her.  With the flint, Tuosol made a cut across the palm of each of those standing there and finally she cut her own palm.  Then all the participants turned their palms over so that their blood dripped onto the body of the woman they had come to so love.  They lifted their faces toward the sky and, in unison, each of them called out words taught them by Tuosol.  When finished with the lilting prayer, they lowered their gaze to look upon Dancing Stones’ face and rested bloodied hands on her body, crying out again the lilting prose, but this time to her.
At that instant, the skies above opened to reveal a blinding, twirling cloud-mass filled with lightning and glowing with the power of the sun.  The spinning cyclone gradually settled down over the tower of wood and the people standing atop it, the roaring of a thousand furnaces filling the air so that the crowds watching from below fell back in terror.  So bright was this twisting storm that the entire city of ObebBailSoar became alight as if it were midday in high summer.
The people observing became silent in wonder, for the blazing tempest remained in place for the longest time.  Difficult it was to look upon the fiery conflagration, and impossible it was also to see what might be happening beyond the cloudy flames.  Quietly, the awestruck crowd waited to see what had become of the mourners who had delivered Dancing Stones to her resting place.
Inside the raging inferno there were many and stranger things happening - things that others wished be kept secret from searching eyes.  As the fifteen stood there, transfixed as if in death, a brilliant light drifted down from the sky and settled upon the deck of the tower that was now all aflame yet stood strong like young trees in the forest.  Walking toward them from the fading light came Sodasonie, Silent Thunder Woman, Female High Warlock and Chief Over the Mortal Elements.  The woman was aglow in all her glory, the power of the universe revealed in her eyes.
She walked up to the body of Dancing Stones and reached out to gently stroke the woman’s placid face, her tears splashing in red droplets upon EpiphanOida’s skin.  For some time, Sodasonie stood in silent reflection, all the while stroking Dancing Stones’ face.  Eventually, she reached out an opened hand to Tuosol, palm up.  Tuosol took the flint and made a cut across her palm.  Then Sodasonie repeated the same ritual as the others, they all closely watching while her naked beauty – the unveiled glory of a goddess from the heavens above – reflected in their eyes.
After her bloodied hand came to rest on EpiphanOida’s body, Sodasonie lifted her eyes and searched the hearts of all those standing there.  She smiled sadly, “Today you have become Children of the BloodWind, my brothers and sisters.  As one, we live and, as one, we may die.  Mortals we all are, but with the power and glory of my kind have you all been gifted.  Today you have burned away your flesh to the wiles of evil and, through the price of future ransom, been made holy as instruments of Iam, such as I.”
Her countenance waxed grave.  “Today you become the Haudenosaunez - gorgons and werewolves.  The flesh of your enemy you will tear up, while the spirit of those loving truth and freedom, you will refresh.  Death will not find you by old age or ill health, but an arrow may still pierce the heart or the sword may cleave the soul.  Strength of youth and wisdom of old men will become yours all the days of your life.  And should any of you remain to live unto the Ending Days, you will never have to die at all.”
She lowered her head in sadness.  “Death...  Oh yes, our enemy, Death, will ever haunt our waking hours.  Either it shall be searching us out or we will be hunting it.  Ours is a vile future, filled with sorrow and lament!  Our sister here saw this day afar off and witnessed the future this day would bring.  She had not the heart to take up the staff and cause it to become.  So now she rests here, waiting in sleep until the day when the final horn is sounded and she again awakes to a new and peaceful world.”
Sodasonie peered into the eyes of each and every person there.  “Iam forces none to follow this most dangerous and evil of roads.  Should you desire to depart at this moment, with his blessing, please do.  I do not accuse you if you do.
“Like my kind, you will witness to many terrible things.  Indeed, you will cause them to become.  Nations will slaughter each other because you have willed it to be so.  Mothers will eat their own children, fathers murder sons, and sons, fathers, because you have decided it must be.  The very core of the Earth will consume the life upon it because your mouth declares it must be done.”
No one moved.  Some cast their eyes away, thinking introspectively over what they were supposed to do.  Others, like Tuosol, quietly wept, understanding all too well the world of men they must murder.  But none accepted Sodasonie’s offer to depart.  They were already on the road to bring down Hormax’ house, or at least keep it in check until the Time of the Nations had also come to its end.  Each one was determined to carry out the will of Iam at whatever the cost to them personally.  After all, were they better than Sodasonie, who had already surrendered up life and soul to this terrible cause?  No, they would stand as one with her, here in this world, while she fought the evil in hers.
With a smile of remorse, Sodasonie continued, “We are Children of the BloodWind, children from the worlds of Heaven, men, and Hell, consecrated by the blood we share with this woman who rests before us.  Prophecy be damned, for we are the makers of prophecy!  Our kind do not live by code, honor, or creed!  For the healing of Iam’s heart, we take what we will, when we wish, and how we want...for Iam’s soul.  We are Children of the BloodWind...Haudenosaunez, necromancers who bring ruin to the houses of evil men.  No law will hold us, nor can any vow bind us.  We are Children of the BloodWind.”
With that, Sodasonie reached into a stringed pouch that hung upon her shoulder – the only article she carried upon her naked flesh – and took from it several glowing orbs.  To each person she gave an orb.  “Here, take this upon your tongue and swallow and become pure and holy.  To Evil can you never again become a slave, nor turning away from Iam can you ever succeed.  Iam will not judge what you do or how you do it, because you have become holy, living stones, knowing good and bad, to do the will of Iam just the same as I do the will of Iam.”
She then reached again into the pouch and produced many rings of fiery hues and colors.  To each one, according to his or her ability, she gave a colored ring, and to Noahashonie she handed over a double ring with two gleaming gemstones.  She looked into Noah’s face.  “Double is the power of this maiden for she carries Hell within her belly!  Fierce and terrifying will your daughter become, like a hungry she-wolf on the prowl.  ‘Hyhoset’ will you call her, for she is to become queen over the jackals’ lair.  Hyhoset, ‘Slayer of Demons’...even the gods will come to fear this child, the child of retribution!”
She looked deeply into Noah’s troubled and confused face, asking, “How does a babe of such a tender age survive the power of Eden unless she becomes greater in power?  Dancing Stones gave to you both the blessing and the curse.  Now your child will become greater than even you in her power and might.  Only by the insight of her father and the love of her mother will the child not bring to a finish all living things.  This child will seduce the coming king who will sit upon the throne of God, and from that union will the Dragons again arise, to serve as eternal guardians over the worlds of men.”
Reaching into her pouch once more, Sodasonie gave to Noahashonie a second glowing orb.  “Here, swallow this for your daughter so that the spirit of Iam resides, too, within her.  When the child is grown, you will give to her the ring you carry for her, and she will come to see, and she will come to understand.”
She then placed a black diamond upon Noah’s tongue.  After swallowing the stone, the girl cried out in pain as a fire tore through her body.  Momentarily, the distress and torment had passed and a feeling of peaceful tranquility replaced it.
Sodasonie turned to the others, declaring, “See your Queen.  To her has the promise been given that her soul will never see the pit, but to the ending of the days and beyond will she be carried.  She is the Keeper of the Way, the true history of mankind, so that always will there be a witness to confess the truth over the lies of Hormax.  Should you ever need wisdom to find the truth of a matter, seek this child out.  She will know all things, both good and evil.  No secret can be hidden from her eyes, no word spoken concealed from her ears.”
Then to each and every one sharing that moment with her, Sodasonie gave a blessing and a prophecy concerning that person.  When finished, she looked toward the heavens and cried out in a tongue strange and chilling.  The white, blazing fire burst, blinding all around them until only the sound of the maddening blaze raged upon their ears.  When the blinding inferno subsided, why look, the fifteen stood upon the blackened earth where the wooden tower had been, only the four burning torches providing any light.
The crowds did not know what to do.  They knew that the power of the gods had been visited upon them, and that these people standing in front of them had passed through the fires that consumed Dancing Stones and the tower and all that was on the tower.  Who then were these creatures standing before them?  Gods?  Ghostly spirits?  In stunned silence, they stared at them.
Tuosol finally gathered up her wits to speak to the people.  “My brothers!  My sisters!  Children of Iam!  Listen please to what I must tell you.  In but two days, there comes a storm upon this land the likes of which has not been seen since the days of your fathers’ fathers.  Remain safe in the city until it tires in its glory.  Then choose for yourselves to either return to your homes or to follow this child to the eastern lands, across the sea.”  She pointed toward Noah.
She added reassuringly, “Here, in this land, the city of our sister, Dancing Stones, the storm will not wield its strength to the full.  Your lodging of tents will not be damaged, but cold and snow will return here.  So go and gather up wood for yourselves to last for ten days.  And take to the forest with bow and sling, for the horned antelope and elk are harboring in the nearby valleys.  That way you shall be warm and well fed until the storm tires of its fury.”
And the people gave way to joyous outcries and rejoicing to see that Tuosol and the others were still of their flesh and kind.  Everyone had to reach out and touch these people so, at Tuosol’s request, each and every one of them walked about within the crowds until all the inhabitants of the city were satisfied to see their brothers and sisters returned to them safe and in the flesh.

*    *    *

Noah awoke to Tuosol’s dark, hazel eyes staring into hers, their arms still locked in the night’s sleeping embrace.  “How long have you been waked and watching me so fondly?” the girl crooned sleepily.
Tuosol allowed a hand to slowly slide from around the girl’s back, down across her left breast, to finally rest her fingers lovingly upon Noah’s swollen belly.  She smiled, “An hour more is all we have to share in each other’s love before you must make ready to take your leave.  An hour is such little time to ask silly questions.”  Tuosol’s hand crept to Noah’s thighs, the girl doing the same with Tuosol.  Their lips met in sensual touch as they played love’s song upon the other’s skin.  Soon a musical moaning arose from two voices singing love’s parting song.

Meric’s crying finally roused the two women from the bed.  Noah took the boy and placed him at her breasts.  Tuosol turned from preparing the breakfast to watch the child suckle, grinning, “It is a good thing you have come to make your milk so soon, and so much of it, first to feed the hungry boy and second to have refreshment also for my palate.  So sweet it is to my tongue.”
Noah looked up from the boy, replying, “I will miss your soft lips upon my breasts and your sweet touch upon my skin.  Why must you remain here and not journey away with me across the Eastern Sea?”
Tuosol picked up a cloth, wiping her hands after placing the pot upon the fire.  She sat down on a stool beside Noah.  Resting a hand on the girl’s arm, she quietly answered, “Many times we have discussed this matter.  Few are the years remaining in this land before death and destruction will bring a finish to so much of it.  I must remain here to preserve what little that I can.  The old and feeble in flesh and spirit cannot make the long journey to the east.  Even if they did survive it, so many would eventually die of a broken heart.  No, I must remain behind in hopes of saving what I can.”
She squeezed Noah’s arm, smiling sadly, “Besides, you have Swalhawena who will happily suckle at your breasts.  Why, I do believe she is jealous over us even now that you have ignored her bed these several nights.  The child has not had a man and knows only the touch of a loving woman, your touch.  And…”  Tuosol got up to check the steaming pot, stirring its contents, “And I do know that Rae has given more than just his attention to you.”  Turning around, she wagged an accusing finger, smiling, “Also, I have watched your eyes following BondaBoor.  The man looks so youthful now.  And I’ve watched him looking back at you with eyes telling me that the two of you have done more than just groom the horses in the stables.”
Noah blushed, casting her gaze back toward Meric.
Tuosol continued, “All three of these people are companions accompanying you upon the long journey.  You will have lots of bedfellows to keep you warm at night.”
Noah interrupted, “BondaBoor has three wives in need of his manly prowess, and they all will journey with us to the east.  Rae loves me, yes, but his eyes chase many of the young ewes, and I feel his manly talents have not all been taught to him by my loving touch.”  She then eyed Tuosol suspiciously, grinning, “I, too, have looked at the way Rae’s eyes follow your moves, and the lover’s touch you offer him when providing his tea, and… and I’ve also noticed that you linger far too long when fetching water from the well.  I recall you saying that he was but a boy, too young to know the manly way of…”
  This time Tuosol blushed, waving off Noah’s observations. “That is of no never-mind at the moment.  I do believe you will forget my loving embrace quickly enough.”
“Oh, but I will not!” Noah argued.  “So much like those of Dancing Stones are your sweet kisses and gentle touches.  When I am with you, I dream of her, too.  The others I do love, and their kisses are so sweet, but none stir my heart the way your kisses do.”
Tuosol ladled the hot porridge into two bowls.  “True that may be, and I smell and feel your husband’s touch when I embrace you, for your smell was often upon his skin when I was in his arms.  I did truly love Javan, too, and I miss him.  He revived my spirit and desire to have a man to love, to make love to.  I will miss you very much.”  She slid a bowl over to Noah.  “Come and eat up!  When you’re finished, it will be time to take a quick bath and then dress.  I’ve warmed the water for you already.  The journey to the ships will be long, and bathing will be only a dreamed-of delight for many days to come.”

Noah luxuriated in her warm bath, sitting in a tub of hammered copper, Tuosol busily scrubbing the girl clean, at the same time sharing knowledge and wisdom, both for the day and for the future.  “You have been made queen over the house of the Haudenosaunez, not overlord.  To each of the Haudenosaunez has the spirit been given to do as the heart and mind incline.  Each of us is independent and free, as you well recall the Lady saying regarding laws and oaths, which includes any that you wish to give.  Listen carefully to the words of the others, offer suggestions and make requests, and learn to take counsel with an opened mind.
“To you it has been granted life to the end of days.  But for the others of our kind, we may pass away at any time.  Do not become a needless risk taker, this for the love of the others and for yourself.  Remember, please, although you may not die, pain, torture, and imprisonment can well reach your door.  A fiery brand will pain your flesh as severely as it does another’s, and rape will still be terrifying and dreadful.  The pathways of evil will your feet often tread.  Always be cautious as a serpent and as gentle as a dove.  Do not reveal your power or identity unless it is for a righteous cause…not, I repeat, not for personal gain or comfort!  To me was the gift of queen once offered, but I declined it, not having the heart to carry out such a wretched duty.  I will share with you, then, what my visions have revealed to me, and what your visions will one day reveal to you.
“No home upon this planet is ours to possess until the ending of days has come to its finish.  Wanderers in the land are what we are to become, for times indefinite.  For this reason, the gates of Eden will become opened to us in the appointed hour, a key given to each of us so that Eden will become our home, our place of refuge from the demon storm that ever sweeps this world.”
Tuosol poured some fragrant bath oils onto Noah’s glistening, dark hair, gingerly working them into the girl’s scalp.  “Allies?  We will have a few...some of the children of Tarshish and Kittim, the house of the Phoenicians, especially those of the Mariner clan and the house of KroTonkin; the copper miners; the Skotfane Clan, including the house of Tomassie; BondaBoor’s house and many of his kin from the Riphath clans; many from the house of the Mozerathas; and, of course, the Templars, loyal men of Javan’s house.”
She smiled, pouring clean, warm water over Noah’s head to rinse the girl’s hair.  “And of course, there are others I have not mentioned.  Use discernment in choosing those you feel need to trust.  Even the Dragons have been betrayed by their own kindred, it being such an easy thing for a weak heart to turn to evil darkness.  The person you trust today must still be closely examined tomorrow, for fear the night winds have corrupted the person’s soul.
“Remember child, this land...the land of Javan the Elder, father of Dodanim, father of your husband, JavanHoshoni.  This land is holy.  By fire, ice, and flood, it is going to be cleansed clear to its foundation, the evil of Hormax once again swept from its shores.  But this land will still remain holy, always will.  There will be a day of returning to it by the multitudes of the house of Javan.  Meric is to lead the people in that day.  Prepare him well for the hour in which he must rise as chief over this vast, returning crowd.”
Noah asked, concerned, “What of you?  Will you not depart this land before Iam brings everything to ruin?”
Tuosol’s face clouded, she slowly shaking her head.  “No.  No, as I’ve already said, I shall remain here in hopes of rescuing what few of the people I can.  If Iam permits me the power and the might to survive his coming wrath, then I must hope that other souls may survive also.  I will do what I can to prepare those people for surviving the following dark and empty days.  With Iam’s help, some may live as proof of his mercy.”
Tuosol changed the subject.  Soon the two were merrily chatting about more delightful matters.  Finally, Noah rose from the tub, Tuosol toweling the girl dry.  A loud knock came on the door.  Tuosol wrapped Noah in the towel and went to answer it.  BondaBoor entered with three of his soldiers to gather up the luggage and foodstuffs Noah and the others were to take with them.
As the three men hurried about, removing the goods to be loaded on high-wheeled carts, BondaBoor turned his attention to the two women.  After a short, pleasant salutation, he took Tuosol’s hands, wishing her success in her coming adventures.  Noah frowned.  “Gone for a lifetime we might be and you only wish her well?   Go, you two, into the darkness of the room beyond.  BondaBoor, leave part of your soul with this person so that she can remember your touch on cold nights.”
Surprised, both BondaBoor and Tuosol looked over at Noah as the girl stepped from the tub.  After she repeated herself, the two smiled and complied.  As Noah dressed and gathered her few remaining things, she listened with delight to the sweet music that echoed from the room beyond.

The sun was rising above the eastern mountains by the time Noah and the others were mounted and the wagons loaded.  BondaBoor and a company of his trusted soldiers were in the lead, followed by Noah and Swalhawena riding together on MaraMonte.  Rae rode beside the two girls, Tosombabanna riding behind him on his mount.  Hilga sat her horse on Noah’s other side, carrying Meric who was all bundled up in thick furs and secured in a nursing pouch strapped over the woman’s shoulders.
Hilga was journeying as far as the lands beyond the eastern mountains.  There she would stay with her husband, Eric, until the remainder of their clan joined Noah in the cold, northern lands to the east, across the wide sea.  Hilga’s sister-in-law, DresdenFredericka, would accompany Noah, serving as wet nurse for Meric after Hyhoset was born.  Dresden was a healthy woman and, as Hilga stated, ‘was large-breasted and filled to overflowing with fresh milk, enough for both her son and Meric.’
The journey would be slow, what with the many women and little children, along with the aged ones.  Eight to ten miles a day was all to be expected until reaching the groomed roads to the eastern side of the mountains.  Possibly four thousand people made up this long caravan leaving forever the world of their birthing, and this was but one caravan on one of the many roads heading east.  Some of the sojourners were heading east toward the lands of MusolEgypt and Shinar, others further to the Southlands in the east, the lands of Cush, but Noahashonie and her people were crossing the sea to the northern lands.  How was that to be?  Was there enough land remaining in the north to settle all these people?
Just seven days before, the aged Dragon, HuushBonn, arrived out of the great storm to deliver a message he witnessed in his visions while resting upon the hearth at the Towers of Magog, House of Ausalmerica.  He said that a woman in white raiment as bright as the sun came to him in a dream, her green eyes sparkling with intense passion, her mouth filled with fearful denunciations.  He was commanded to seek out a certain Noahashonie and report to her everything he saw and heard.  He was then told to accompany her, his fellow Dragons along with him, into the far and distant lands of the north, across the sea.  He then proceeded to tell the girl all the things he had seen and heard.
The gist of the matter was this:  The wickedness of the people in the northern lands had come to its full.  No longer could the evil be overlooked, for even worse than the Priests of Horus had these people become, to the point of eating their own kind after hunting them down for sport.  Noah was to take her people and make a cleansing of the land, to exterminate every living soul within the territories described to her by HuushBonn, to make the name of them disappear forever from the earth.  This Noah was going to do, and the armies of people accompanying her gave the girl the strength of might to cause this to happen.
HuushBonn and his Dragons rode in the van beside BondaBoor and his men.  With Noah, rode a company of Templars.  Behind were the throngs of people journeying with them, along with countless wagons of transport and the many herding and pack animals.
Far to the east, forests were being cut down in the lands of Kittim and Tarshish, to build the many ships needed to carry the people across the Eastern Sea.  Long ships with painted shields fastened on their gunnels and heads of dragons carved upon bow-posts were being readied for the greatest invasion seen up to that time and not outdone until far into a distant age, when ships again would be launched against an enemy in those same lands.
Behind the invasion force was the gathering of the great Phoenician tall ships, filled with peoples to settle in their new world.  Multitudes with their possessions, livestock, children, and aged parents were soon to arrive in this new and strange land.  There, in the few remaining days before the world was to be plunged into darkness for seven years, they would prepare and make ready for the survival of those times.  They believed the words reportedly come from Aphrodite’s mouth.  Those who refused to believe would suffer greatly.

Tuosol kissed Noah and the others goodbye, her tears flowing like rivers.  She stood upon the road with JuuFet and Susannah, watching the party slowly make their way down the hill road, toward the east.  For better part of the day, they listened to the sounds of wagons, animals and, yes, so many footfalls as this vast army departed this world for a strange, new one on the other side of the Eastern Sea.  In silence, they listened, sitting beside the hearth fire in the small apartment near the street.  In silence, each one prepared for his or her separate adventure that destiny’s road had placed them on.

Over the next several days, the remainder of the Haudenosaunez gathered up their things and set upon their upcoming journeys.  Long would it be before they would all gather together once again.  When, they knew not.  Might it be after the ending days?  Possibly…  Tomorrow was too far away to ponder that question.
Lumdon, SchroGarthTho, Cothath, and Susannah soon departed for their homes in the west to gather the clans together for the long migration east.  Some of their people would eventually gather with Noah in the Northlands.  Others were going to return to the land of Cush.  Still others intended to make their way into the eastern lands beyond the Shemion Sea.  It was with great sadness that these people left the world of the giant, tusked beast, cave bear, fanged cat, and the mountain wolf, all their brothers of sorts.  Never again would such majestic animals be found in this land, not after the darkness that was coming had passed.
Baalath was returning with his men to Ogallala.  In time, many of his people, too, would journey to the east, several of the former inhabitants from Mounds making the journey with them.  JuuFet and Kontin were traveling along with his company until reaching Ogallala.  From there, it was planned they would make their way further south to their Nubian people, hoping to convince them to flee the coming storm, first from Dungie’s wrath and later the destruction of the whole earth.
Juliet was remaining with Tuosol until she returned, for a spell, to her city of Ausalmerica.  In time, the two women departed for the south, Tuosol passing through the nearly empty city of Castle Dodanim on her way there.

It was nearly midnight in the city of Castle Dodanim.  Chuphoe was busy tending to his kingly duties before slipping into bed.  Dungie had departed the city as soon as ZaphipheRa was able to travel, leaving Chuphoe behind to care for his domestic household.  So now Chuphoe was finishing up whatever needed to be done at the end of this day.
Dungie had been furious when he found out that two of his counselors, several of his officers, and three of his wives had secreted themselves away when the crowds departed for ObebBailSoar, promising revenge after his successful returning from the southern theater of war.  It was on the night before his departure that Dungie called Chuphoe into his private quarters to tell him that he was to remain behind to care for the domestic needs of his wives and the people of the city.
Dungie paced about the room as he spoke, waving a hand at times while occasionally shaking his head.  “I care not for these… these creatures, but I must show my people that I do.  You are to remain in the city, seeing to the needs of these women, my wives, showing the people I have their welfare in mind.  Give them what they want, bed them if you wish, if you can find any desirable enough to bed.  I don’t care.”
He stopped and turned to Chuphoe.  “Take my mother under your care.  I have treated her badly, although she deserved much of the punishment she received.  Still, she is my mother.  Keep her close and see to her needs.”
Walking to the window, Dungie stared out upon the King’s Tower, still aglow with its greenish, ghostly light.  He shuddered, “I am taking Shupoodee along with me.  She is the only one of my wives I find any interest in.  The others, well, as I have said…”  After giving a few more orders and placing him in charge over the city’s small garrison, he offered Chuphoe his leave.

By now Dungie, and his entourage had long departed, heading south to take up war against the dark-skinned Nubians of the southern lands.  Along with them went most of the Hormaxian priests, seeing there were so few inhabitants remaining in the city to make profit from.  Chuphoe was relieved to think they were gone and that he would have no part in the slaughter of those innocents in the south.
When Chuphoe’s other chores were finished, he stoked the blaze in his room.  As he was about to blow out the wicker lamp, a light rapping came upon his door.  Taking the lamp, he quietly walked to the door and slowly opened it.  There, in the lamplight stood Juliet.
After stepping into the room, she wrapped her arms around Chuphoe, kissing him tenderly, looking up into his eyes, grinning.  She cooed, “I’m home...”

*    *    *
