This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

Copyright © 2016 by Frank Fronash

All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the established consent or written permission of the copyright holder.
DEATH TO THE SIX-GUN GORILLA
Killing men is my specialty.
Tom Horn
Chapter 1: Despair & Damnation
Tutt Strawhan stumble-swore his way off the coach wreck to his horse and from there, on into the desert. 
He angled himself toward the Royal Road, or tried to. His arm was chewed up, blood like glue down his side. He was thirsty, his head ached and no matter how much he turned, he couldn’t make out if the demon was on his trace. 
He’d slept in the saddle then and dreamt of grand promise on the horizon. The demon came for him often, appearing at his ear, black mouth open to swallow his head. He fell twice coming awake and the second time stayed where he was. 
Next morning the horse hadn’t wandered far and they set out again. He couldn’t see the road anymore. He’d gotten turned southeast, by his reckon. The sun had been up and wrung him out where he lay. He’d leaked out every pore, down his back and into the crack of his ass. He’d pissed himself, too. 
Another bolt of pain shot up the side of his neck. His shoulder was a polished rock, the arm like timber. He tried digging out some of the shot with his penknife, ‘til he dropped it. Got two of the little balls but there was another couple still in. Chewed him up nice, that demon did.
He creaked in the saddle, tugging his brim down for the sun. He had them pointed west again, maybe a bit south, too. Road had to be there somewhere.
Once he hit it, another what, fifty miles to the border? Had to be something before then. Some station or somewhat. Maybe even troops from over in Selden. Somethin’ had to give. Little rest and he could be on his way.
“Sam Sanome. Samolay.” He nodded. “Sanomay.”
He couldn’t quite fathom what the exact plan had been – Vasquez’s brother owned San Salome, or part of it. He was making some local play with the Federales or banditos or maybe some other burg down there. Either to march across the border or just expand his own piece, who fuckin’ knew. 
Straw wasn’t one for politics, himself. All he knew was anytime his crew brought cash, they had a place to hole up. More they brought, longer they could stay. The old man’s gold, they’d have been set for life. Whole fuckin’ empire down there, Vicente had. No more Marshals, no more shitty bank jobs, none o’ that. 
Straw had never been down there more than a few weeks. Once the cash was gone, they had to follow it or Vincente would have his way. Bad way, too. Late at night all manner o’ shit came to a man’s ears from them dungeons. 
He shivered and wiped his face. It was cold and his hand shook. The sun kept at it. 
“Sal Sanome,” he muttered. “Samonalay.”
Valdez could stay down there long as he liked, and often did. Him and his brother, plotting it up. When he’d caught up to Straw this last time, it was with that new plan. Vicente needed real cash for some scheme, worth five times what it used to be. It was five thousand minimum for a month. Now, they’d get five months on the same. Bank netted thirty grand and between his five man crew, that was six months a piece. Food, women and wine, for half a year. 
So they’d done the bank and shoulda just kept-to. Hit the border and that was that.
But there was no way to reasonably ignore that old man’s gold. A whole mountain of it, who wouldn’t make the play?
“Who fuckin’ wouldn’t?!” Straw shouted. 
He leaned down to stare his mount in the eye. Its head drooped, hooves barely scraping. 
“Fuckin’ right y’would.”
Just a little something for his tribute, that was all he needed, now. Something to get him in the door and he’d kiss Vincente’s feet. He’d have to tell the man his brother was dead but shit, that wasn’t on him. His own crew was gone, too. 
“I’ll fight, shit,” Straw said, his own head lolling. 
He smacked his lips and tried to swallow. 
Wouldn’t go. His tongue was huge, like a wad of cloth. Desert wasn’t having it today. No visitors. 
The horse thocked across the flat, snorting dust and shaking its mane o’ flies.
If he could scrape up some cash between here and there, he didn’t see a problem. Hell, he’d just tell the man where they’d left the fuckin’ hoard. 
Had to still be there, probably all over the place after that fire. One bag o’ that, shee-it, Vincente woulda killed his brother hisself.
If Straw brought some cash with, that’d be the play. Yer brother’s done, but it was a good cause. We found gold. Whole mess up in Copper Drop. Here’s cash for a few days o’ rest, then I’ll lead you right on. Right to it, right fuckin’ to it!
He nodded and barked out a laugh and looked around suddenly. Shadows out there, up ahead. Six or eight and he drew his iron. 
“’Paches, huh?”
Or the demon had friends. 
He caught his breath and tried to let it out slow. No, demon was behind, not ahead. ‘Less he’d turned himself back north. He get turned around?
“You fuckin’ turn us around?!” he screamed at the horse. It wheezed and began to sway beneath him. Straw jammed the barrel back of its head. 
“That what you fuckin’ did?!”
The shadows tightened up, came together in a long line and he heard ‘hyah!’ in the distance and the crack of leather.
That was it, then. Demon done reached down to Hell and pulled up minions. 
Minions! 
Straw clapped the horse on the skull with his piece, whack! whack! and screamed, trying to pull the reins the other way.
“Fuckin’ turn!” he shouted. “Turn us back!”
The horse whinnied and thrashed its head for another whack, then Straw was pulling the trigger, blasting its brains out on the sand and following it down. 
He grunted and rolled and tried to come up but the gun was gone. He tore his hat off looking and kicked up scuffs of dust around the carcass.
“Fucker!”
The shadows rode for him under a swirl of dust and lashing rain, lightning crackling out of fat, growling clouds. The demon grew huge beneath ‘em, stalking over the horizon. 
That black mouth opened wide. 
“Please! I’m fuckin’ sorry I swear to Christ I didn’t mean it!”
Straw screamed as it closed around him, teeth big as boulders smashing down. He burst like a sack and squirmed with a scream. He felt himself explode in a warm mouthful of blood and gasped as he was swallowed down to darkness.
“Pleeeeeeeeease!”
Chapter 2: Adrift in the Desert
O’Shea had Charity at a good trot before the sun got too high. It felt around nine in the morning with at least ten miles behind them, but already the ape could feel how the day would go. Another hour or two and they’d need shelter until late afternoon. Charity for water as well and O’Shea to eat. Stopping to pull up thistles and scrub wasn’t doing it.
The gorilla stared out from under his broad, pancake hat, wide shoulders shifting in the dusty frock coat. His hands and legs were bandaged with strips from fine, silk shirts, bloodspots dried through. Bandoliers across his chest, holsters in his armpits. Guns at his hips too, bullets glinting in their slots.
He kept a half mile outside the Royal Road, running its last seventy miles to the Mexican border. The ape had looked often at the old man’s map of the territory, tracing routes and paths along it whenever he’d mentioned to O’Shea the subject of leaving the cabin. So he knew about Ft. Selden, knew it could only be another fifty miles or so. 
Little good it would do him. He’d get a few drinks from their well, anyway, before he was shot or thrown in chains. What else would good soldiers do to something like him? It’s what anyone had ever tried to do.
Why the hell would you want to go back to that, old man?
 ‘East’ had been Masters’ plan. Back into the ‘civilized world’. O’Shea could’ve told him – and tried with his limited gestures – to explain there was nothing inherently civilized about anything in any direction. 
He supposed it was why he’d never tried speaking with his friend. Not words, of course, but even pointing to words in books. But then, words meant arguments and they’d had plenty of those without. And if he didn’t have to express his love, then anger went the same way. 
O’Shea supposed his hope had been to keep things simple and intrigue the old man. Keep him from needing to go back into ‘civilization’. What did anyone need but a friend, a little food, maybe a view? But the old man was still, a Man.
And Men needed more than that. Some wine for the food, a companion to pour the wine. A view, yes, but from a big window in a stone tower in one of their cities. O’Shea would never understand it, but pretending to not even know it was a reality had been foolish. Selfish. He might’ve tried speaking to Masters. Pointing to a few of those words. At least to let him know how he felt before he watched him leave.
Which is how it would’ve gone. The gorilla would never go back to the crowds and the chaos of ‘civilization’. He was in the World of Men now, true, but this far west was at least still empty enough, honest enough. 
Cruel enough, to suit him.
Indians dotted the horizon again and drew back. O’Shea figured it was Indians, anyway. Apaches, if that was the case. Only things crazy enough to be out in the Jornada Basin save for the snakes and flies. 
Charity huffed beneath him and the ape patted her neck. The Old Man’s map had been marked with wells and waystations between their home in Copper Drop and Ft. Selden. He took trips, the old man did, out into the desert of a time or two, to sort his head, he said. ‘Take it all in’, whatever that meant.
O’Shea couldn’t figure just where the next well was, but it had to be close. Close enough to help a man coming down the Royal Road. Maybe trying his luck on reaching Mexico. Soldiers too, on patrol from the fort might need something. The ape understood such men traveled with what they needed but things had a way of happening. Luck took a turn and before you knew it, some little X on a map was all you could hope for.
The tall man might know from wells out here, he might not. He’d been hurt when he’d escaped the night before, thus the ape’s route between the desert and the road. If he was delirious, he’d wander afar. If he kept his wits, he’d stick to the road. O’Shea only hoped whatever the case, the tall man kept himself alive. 
No use killing you when you’re already dead.
The tall man called the gorilla a demon, ignorant of O’Shea’s true nature. O’Shea had been called worse, even by those who knew full well what he was. Not just an ape, but one who could think, could reason as well as any man. Ironically, it was that very thing which had led to much torment and cruelty at the hands of men. Men afraid of what the ape represented and what he might do if he ever tore free of their clutches.
They’d rather have murdered him there in his jungle home, but the bullet meant to end his life had grazed his brain instead. Carved it just-so and left him with a man’s thoughts. When he’d eventually found old man Masters, endless events and thousands of miles later, O’Shea was certain his days of hair’s breadth escapes were over. He would die in the desert at the hands of Man at last, under the baking sun and so bring his parade of punishments to a close.
But the old man showed only kindness and good humor and folded the ape into his life atop the peaks at Copper Drop. Digging for gold day in, day out on his mine. O’Shea was no slave though, no brute animal. He was a partner. A friend to the old man, what little Masters knew of the ape’s previous life. The beast’s true understanding of the world.
When the tall man’s crew ended that, for the old man’s gold, with the old man’s life, it was the gorilla’s turn to repay that kindness. That friendship that had come so easy. It was O’Shea’s turn to walk among Men and make things hard.
The tall man’s crew knew just how hard now, and had forever to think on it down in the ground. The tall man himself, well, he’d learn it soon enough.
O’Shea rode on and with a jerk of the reins, made straight for those Apaches.
Chapter 3: Strawhan at the End of the World
Straw jerked himself awake back of a wagon and watched the sky for a good, long moment before alerting the world to his high n’ harmony. 
“The fuck am I doin’ here?!”
Calls from all sides, a few laughs. He heard the jingle of horse tackle and the clomp of hooves. It was a march, or something like it. 
He went to get up, or tried to. A hand beside pushed him down, no problem.
“Ease up,” came the voice. “Easy, now.”
He lay back and felt his insides soften. He had to piss. He rolled the back of his head to the side and glanced up a man’s blue chest, underside of a stubbled chin, brim of a cap on top. Black bandoliers and buckles and the rest, no doubt a soldier. The chin tipped down and Straw looked into dark eyes and long hair behind the ears.
“Lieutenant Beaumont Sparks, sir,” said the boy.
Straw grunted. 
He felt touched on, done with. He tried to tuck his chin to his own chest and feel around. Only one arm to his power for it. His shirt was gone and his other limb was bandaged tight to his stomach. His mouth was some dry but not nearly as before. He put his head back with a thump on the boards.
“Fuck’re we doin’, son?”
“You were delirious, for a while. Found you shouting and thirsty out on patrol. We’re taking you back to main camp.”
“Selden?”
“No sir, our regiment is detached from the post at present. Struck a main camp two days out, then our patrol was sent for Apaches this morning.”
Straw knew from the Army, the Cavalry. He’d served his own in the war against the North. Then the South, when it came time to switch over. It went like that, war times. Never knew who’d come out the big bug ‘til you did.
South of course, was the huckleberry. No one wanted niggers about town like regular folk. Put Chinamen and Jews in the mix, fuckin’ spics around the Territory though they owned it, goddamn wonder proper men weren’t warring all day long for an end of it all.
Selden then, had sent a camp out into the basin. Ride a few, camp up, then shoot out patrols for Apaches and whatnot. That was regular Army. Day in, day out. Mexican outriders along the border. Spic rioters. Anyone looking to make a play for their piece of the Territory. Even Texas or no man’s land Arizona, if they could. 
Get the right Marshal to back you, fuckin’ Army did whatever they want. Not a man like Candless, o’ course, he was one o’ them. Fuckers thinkin’ the Territory could be tamed. Carved up and handed out. They had their districts and courts. Judges in spurs and tugging long cigars but they were all in the cities. Santa Fe, Albuquerque, all that. Safe and sound.
Out here, it was something else. 
Come see, city folk, if yer court clerk wants t’hand Ol’ Tutt Strawhan some paper.
Straw smiled.
Huh? 
And he shoved some iron into a cheek, hammer cocked and good. 
Come see then, all o’ you, if paper has a thing to say. A writ or warrant. 
“C’mon,” Straw mumbled. His eyes fluttered.
Paper ain’t a damn thing but words. Y’aint chain me, ‘cause y’can’t. Need some whole big patrol just to take me back. Why? Oh, you know why.
“Evy’one knows why,” Straw said, his lips too thick. His eyes were closed.
“Easy now, sir,” said the boy an’ Straw laughed n’ laughed at that. Big, rousing laughs, tossing a drink end of his arm and inviting them all into his hacienda. Casa de Tutt was bought and paid for, fountains and flowers and all the women you could want. It was just that kinda place.
“Y’welcome,” Straw said and coughed softly. Then a snort on the way to sleep.
Best way to beat ‘em, pretendin’ t’be hurt. Sure, let me rest up, heal up. They’re playin’ right into my hands. Lettin’ down their guard. Like fools.
“Fools,” Straw muttered.
“Yes, sir. You bet, now.”
Straw felt the boy’s hand on his arm and flinched away. He sat up and socked him a good one and threw him over the top of the wagon. He stood tall on the boards then and tore his bandaged arm free. The ends trailed like ribbons as he waved them all to a vanguard out front. 
“Ride! Ride!” he shouted.
And they rode to a man, horses pummeling the earth to make time, the best time to clobber up the walls of Fort Selden and ruin every man inside. If Straw could hold a Fort and get word to Vicente, Christ, what didn’t await him at the end of a day?
Why, he could rule New Mexico. He’d hold things here, Vicente and Valdez could have the rest. New York, Chicago, all that lay between was land. Horses were plentiful, they could buy more bullets. Plenty of places to buy bullets.
“Mm,” Straw grunted and kicked in his sleep. “Boo’lets.”
And when he had the cities, he’d have the country. Coast to coast and up and down. He’d ride a legion of men into the desert, columns like in some old story. No swords though, just guns. Shots cracking the air, straight toward the horizon. They’d shoot out the sun itself, they had so many guns.
And when the demon came to lift it back up, they’d shoot him too. Men were nothing to Straw and demons were even less. Demons were jokers, everyone knew that. All this had been a joke. Get one on Ol’ Straw. Oh, he had to laugh at that.
Straw laughed and coughed and bounced with the wagon.
 Yep, that’s funny as all hell. A ‘reckoning’.
Nothing was gonna reckon anywhere near Straw, no question. Sure as hell no damn Marshal. He was in the Army now, safe as sacks. Tucked onto some shelf, door closed and forgotten.
He sighed and twitched and bounced with the wagon.
Go fuck yourself, Candless.
Chapter 4: Cuss Candless, Lawman
Lucas “Plum Bob” Freeman got about three steps out the Bank of Sawyer Springs when he turned at the low boom from inside and realized his pals Tutt Strawhan and Pete Stark had gone out the back. Cuss Candless was angled in the street out front, his man Grant twenty feet off beside. Cuss could see the quandary on Bob’s face how he turned around, mouth open to curse his friends. 
Folks were in the street still, despite Cuss tellin’ ‘em the score. Bob watched ‘em a bit, then turned to go back in. By then, Capehart had come hot out the pharmacy next door and popped him in the temple. 
Like someone had screwed a stick o’ dynamite in the man’s ear, his head burst and Cape turned to cover the front door. Gunshots from up top, where Yarberry and Hodges stood on the pharmacy roof.
“They’re back here!” Hodges shouted, off across the shingle onto the bank.
Cuss glanced at himself in the reflection of the wobbling front windows, then up at his man. He took one step to cut around toward the alley in back when the whole fuckin’ place exploded. A God-flung chaos o’ brick n’ glass roared forth and Cuss was on his back, boots in the air, Winchester nowhere to be found. Grant and Capehart were just shadows, flailing in an avalanche o’ debris.
When he awoke an hour later, Rollie Capehart was done, stove through the head with a busted beam. Charlie Grant was out cold still and Chase Burnett taken up in the alley out back had his arm all fucked around.
This, since naturally there was no back door to the bank so Tutt n’ Pete used their pal Soapy Chisel’s special brew to make one. That’d been the first noise. Burnett covering the alley there meant he got his arm busted when the wall gave, while Wyatt Turner lost Tutt n’ Pete in all the smoke.
Second one, the big blast, had covered Strawhan’s dash down the alley and through a courtyard. Yarberry had jumped to the roof across in time and Turner was already running for Tutt, but Hodges and Burnett were gone. Buried under whatall tons of wood and brick. 
Tutt had his Mexican knifeman, Valdez, in the box of a two-team, up against Donahue and Zamora covering the next street. Soapy had played hell with a crowd pleaser while Jim Lane threw the man’s thunder high and low off the back of that wagon. Woman and her boy blown half apart for one toss, man named Harkness lost a leg when he come out the saloon.  
So his boys told him while Cuss sat in a paste of dust and blood at the sheriff’s. Tutt’s gang was gone and three deputies dead, was what it come to. Cape, Burnett and Hodges, the first two laid out in one of the cells under bedsheets. Grant was back of some saloon, high on morphine while a doc set his arm and leg. The rest were leaning on desks or resting on the bench along the wall. They all sported bandages and plasters and winced when they moved, Cuss included. 
Two civilians gone when the bank went up, just looky-loos venturing out. One near the alley, the other the next door pharmacist coming back for something or other he’d forgot. Capehart had been in arguing with him and was prob’ly why he was late getting the drop on Plum Bob. He’d got it, but a few seconds more, he’d have the door covered and maybe seen Tutt and Pete headed out back. So would Bob have and mighta made some noise. Enough of a stall Tutt maybe couldn’t have lit his fuse on that heap o’ thunder he’d used. 
Lotta maybes.  
Top of all that, there were eight more fools with cuts and scrapes and one of them unable to hear properly since. All in the street despite Monty pushin’ ‘em back, tryin’ his best, Cuss supposed, given the last-minute nature of the whole thing.
He finished his coffee and dug in his coat for a smoke. He stood and poked it in a lantern, lit for the two small cell windows not letting in much afternoon.
“Make the rounds,” he said on Berry and Turner and creaked back in the chair. “At least two. Three, if we can get ‘im.”
Yarberry nodded and limped out with Wyatt.
“Donnie, talk to whoever there is, get some boxes ready. Wire Santa Fe, we gotta ride ‘em up tomorrow.”
Donahue nodded.
“Two or three?” he asked.
“Make it four. We got Bob, too. Zamm.”
Zamora watched the other two clomp out on the boardwalk to look for deputies and pull the door shut.
“Yeah.”
“Let’s get the paper sorted on them,” and he tilted his head toward the cell. “Round up that doc to sign off n’ check on Charlie.”
“Yessir.”
The door thumped again and Cuss leaned farther back to get his legs up. He listened to the wagons trundle outside, horse noise and folks all still tryin’ to reckon what had gone on. There’d be a hoorah for Strawhan from the locals, no question. Sooner he had new deputies to stand behind him and shore up the sorry state of his surviving crew, the better.
“Marshal?” The sheriff stuck his head in with a wince. “Sorry to disturb, are you needin’ the office –”  
Cuss slid his legs down and creaked forward. “Y’did real good shooin’ everyone off the bank Monty, so thank you.”
“Glad to help. Had some folks hurt –”
“I know. Yer gonna have some pissed off fools raisin’ up about that, not a mention plenny tryin’a shovel through that bank wreck for money.”
“Y’think?”
“Promise. Now round up a few good ones, men you know real well and git in front of any kind o’ Committee.”
“Well, we could do a posse.”
‘We.’ Cuss smirked.
“No.” For one, Cuss couldn’t afford it. He could barely afford an advance to some new deputies. For two, he didn’t need what come of it. Five men jump, then ten. Next he knew, fifty fools out shakin’ their rifles and scarin’ the prey in all directions. Three, he couldn’t afford it. 
“Monty, folks see a strong group doin’ good, gits ‘em inna right frame o’ mind. Less apt to mob up when a majority’s on the right side of the law. Unnerstand?”
“Yessir.”
“Thank you.” Cuss sat back and thumped his heels up. “That’ll be all.”
“Of course, sir.”
The door rattled shut.
He sighed and sipped his coffee. Shopek would be well on Tutt’s back end ‘bout now. Always good to have a man outside town when one was lookin’ to take a whole crew inside it. Otherwise, they’d scatter and go off who knew when. 
The Marshal sucked his teeth and stared off.
Man’d be on his own for a while, though. Hell of a mess to clean up around here, yet.
Chapter 5: Apache Raiders!
Eight Apaches hooted and slapped their reins side to side and rode straight for O’Shea. They had their rifles tucked, stolen officer’s coats and vests flapping dust. Their long hair blew from under the red and orange rags tied on their heads.
The ape thumbed back the pancake hat and shoved his hands in his coat. They came out gleaming, two Schofields cracking the air as Charity charged ahead. They bulled for the front of that warrior wedge, the braves crouching in their saddles and sighting the rifles. 
A bullet snapped through O’Shea’s coat and another grazed his ear. He leaned out to the side, arms extended flush with Charity’s neck. He put two in the lead horse’s breast, then Charity was screaming, breaking off to the side as they closed in. 
The gorilla righted himself amid another burst of rifle fire, tucking a leg on the saddle. He launched himself into the wedge, the Indians’ resolve broken for a moment at the sight of their prey. Five hundred pounds of glossy black fury, clenched fists the size of anvils. His fanged mouth was open in a slobbering roar, bellowing a wave of dark, churning sound deep enough to drown in. 
Dropping into the scattering braves, the gorilla scythed down with a haymaker, broadside against a horse’s head. There was a scream just before its neck broke, then a thunder of cracking bones and foreign cursing as its rider was slammed to the earth.
Already O’Shea was tucking into the dust and rolling back up, eyes darting among the lattice of horse legs scissoring past. The Apaches were calling out to one another and darting fearful glances at the ape. O’Shea jerked his head from one to the other, turning a circle as they rode around him.
Several times he tensed as though to bring the fight to them, but they wouldn’t have it. Digging their heels, they rode off several yards and wheeled to look at him. O’Shea had seen it before, once in Kansas and a few times headed south and west to New Mexico. Indians usually feared or revered him, which is why he came at them loud and strong, but never to kill, if he could help it.
Indians lived for the land, peacefully, if they could. They fought, of course, but unlike soldiers or police or even cowboys, they only wanted to stay where they were. Soldiers wouldn’t have it, police, the cowboys, wouldn’t have it. They’d decided it was theirs. They’d choose who stayed or who went. 
Things like the Indians, like O’Shea, always went.
The Indians however, had no such philosophical attitude regarding the gorilla. To them, he was a god. The Old Man usually, or Owl Man. Sometimes Coyote. All of them tricksters taking a terrible form to confound or frighten his people. That was the ape’s understanding, at any rate. 
Now, he wasn’t sure what was being offered. He was being appraised. Measured and this would either result in the band leaving him and their fallen friend, or shaking their rifles in a sudden push to chase him off. O’Shea looked down at the man, just coming around. He held up his hands, palms out and knelt slowly toward him. 
The group sat up straighter and glanced at one another. One of them clutched his rifle tight and made to shoulder it. O’Shea stopped halfway and waited. Their leader, the man who seemed to be their leader, looked at the ape and waved his friend off with a flick of the hand. O’Shea continued.
He hefted the warrior in his arms and walked him over. Feet scuffing up dust, nostrils flaring and snorting. He preferred to use his arms, it was simply easier. He knew that growing up, for pulling grass to eat. Then he’d learned in the arena, it made a smaller target and brought him closer to the ground for rolling away from an attack.
But these men weren’t about to shoot him. Ride him down or even shout at him. They simply watched him bear the body toward them and lay it before the lead horse. Then the ape stood straight and resettled his hat. 
He smiled and waved. 
The leader widened his eyes and a small smirk crawled into his cheek.
O’Shea had learned it from the old man. Masters was fond of civilization’s token gestures, having realized early on that his own frustration with them was founded in believing in his heart he was simply too smart for them. He knew a man by his own eyes, not the man’s desire to present himself as something else.
“But time comes, y’got no damn choice,” he’d say. “Y’might be smart, you might know it all end t’end, but so fuckin’ what?”
The ape did not know what. He would munch his flowers in the corner of their cabin and wave his hand in, come on, come on, tell me more.
“Well!” the old man would say, “then you throw a hug or a wave or kiss a fuckin’ cheek n’ then they think they’re smart! Ha! They got you playin’ their game!”
Then he’d drain his whiskey and pour another. 
“An’ here’s another thing…”
Of course, the gorilla hardly thought seven deadly Apache raiders in the heat of the Jornada Basin was a game, but he felt the theory was sound. He was harmless. He was no trickster god or the Devil himself. He was a ‘friendly sort’.
The leader’s smirk had become a smile and he sat forward, forearms crossed over his lap. The next words in his own tongue seemed neutral enough, but O’Shea was already waving them off. He pointed to the man’s mouth, then his own ear and shrugged. 
Can’t understand you, sorry.
The Apache said something else, half to himself, then turned to his men.
“Think he knows English?”
O’Shea snorted what passed for a laugh with him and clapped. He pointed and nodded.
Yes! Yes, I do.
“I see.” The saddle creaked as the warrior sat back to regard him. “Tell me then, Old Man. What should we talk about?”
Chapter 6: No. 9 Learns His Trade
“Pick it up!”
The whip snapped out toward the table and the ape flinched. The table was off in the center of the arena, but the dry snap was loud and he’d only woken up a few minutes ago. It was a small oval a hundred feet long and fifty across but Luzon called it the arena. His Arena. Luzon’s Arena. 
A stone lip ran around it, waist-high, draped with nets sagging in where they were anchored at the ceiling. There was an iron fence between this and the tiers of seats, twenty feet high. Two blockhouses at either end were fitted with enormous wooden doors, leading to the ramps beneath. These for the animals brought up or eventually dragged back down. 
No audience now, nothing but lanterns and a fog of cigar smoke from the men facing the gorilla. Spiegel with his whip on the other side of the unfinished wooden table. A half dozen men, three to a side with rifles pointed at the beast through the black spars of the fence. 
There was always a weapon on the table, or leaned against it. The past two weeks, the ape was brought from his cage below and made to grab whatever was on display. To learn to grab it. To use it. Spiegel would shout, the whip would crack and so the day would pass. 
When the gorilla had it in his hand, Spiegel would walk to the blockhouse behind him and enter through a small door within one of the larger ones. As he entered and pulled it shut he would shout “Now!” and the doors behind the ape would bang open.
Now, he merely stood and waited.
“Up!” he cried.
The first few days, the beast had played dumb, taking his time to get Spiegel’s intention. But he knew Spiegel knew. He knew Spiegel knew the ape was smart. Luzon knew, too. Try as the gorilla might to hide it in action, there was no disguising his own moments in his cage. Sitting quietly as others howled and railed, taking his food carefully with his fingers from the bucket they provided. Seeming to pause a moment when he was prodded or lashed or screamed at, before he simply dismissed the abuse and carried on.
This was of course, unintentional. The gorilla wanted nothing more than to squeeze a throat until it crunched. Bend the bars of his cage or take one of the weapons – blunt instruments so far – and make use of them upon Spiegel and his men, but what of it?
The beast had only glimpsed the stone towers of what Men called a City. This from the docks, as he was herded from the boat to the wagon and into the World. He had heard voices and animals and other clattery sounds on the way, like the horse made up front, drawing his wagon cage along. Then smells and flickers of lantern light, then they were moving inside something and slanting down, down, into the dark. 
He knew now they were below one of the stone towers. The arena sat below the tower and his cage and the cages of the other animals sat below that. Spiegel or others hoisted them up each day in a moving box – elevator, they called it – which made noises and had a wall that moved like a door.
The gorilla’s head was filled constantly with these notions, now. New words, new names for things. New ‘concepts’ that connected them all. He never paused in looking around, cataloguing some unbidden sensation or leap of logic. Another way he couldn’t hide what he was becoming. It was why Luzon wanted Spiegel to ‘handle’ the ape personally. 
Luzon often marched before the beast’s cage of a morning, breathing around his cigar as he spoke. One Man to Another, he always said. He knew the ape could hear him, could understand him. He was Special. He was Going to Make a Lot of Money. Many mornings he did this, but that first one in particular wouldn’t be forgotten.
It all involved the arena somehow, the other animals in the cages stacked throughout the lower levels of the tower. Other apes of all kinds. Chimps, baboons. The last three gorillas of the beast’s own troop. A lion, a rhino, savage dogs and tigers as well. The ape only saw his fellow apes around him, but Luzon spread his hands wide as he spoke and suggested the tower went on forever.
“You will fight for me, sir,” said the man, blowing smoke through the bars. The gorilla wrinkled his big, flat nose and blinked. The smell wasn’t entirely unpleasant.
“Do you understand ‘fight’? I think you do. You will when we’re done, yes.”
Spiegel stood behind the smoke, cradling a rifle. 
“Tomorrow Spiegel will take you up to the arena, and you will learn.”
The whip cracked again now and the ape dropped his huge fists to the stained stone floor. He swung his legs under and made his way to the table. There was a handle there, wood, with a round metal ball on top. Several blunt spikes poked from its surface.
Spiegel clapped sharply.
“Pick it up!”
The ape took the weapon and stared at the madman. He watched him nod and turn on his heel, looping the whip around the back of his neck. The men to either side regripped their rifles, embers glowing on the ends of their cigars.
The gorilla breathed slow, taking in the rank, oily smell of his sweat. A stink like boiling tar and vomit and it misted around him like a cloud when he got excited. Even the riflemen who didn’t smoke had started to once they became familiar with it.
The small door within the larger one opened at Spiegel’s knock and he stepped through. 
“Now!” he shouted and slammed it shut. A small slot slid open immediately midway up and the madman glared out.
The doors at the other end whammed open and the beast turned. The dogs barreled toward him, claws, claws clacking on the concrete, eyes hot and red. Foam spattered from their jagged fangs.
He leapt to meet them.
Chapter 7: The Butcher’s Bill
Cuss Candless couldn’t go straight for Strawhan after the dustup at Sawyer Springs. Not until two days later and there was no choice about it. Three of his own dead, with Charlie Grant makin’ it four around midnight the first day, there’d be a reckoning if it wasn’t all nailed down. 
The bodies had to be sent back to Santa Fe and from there, to each man’s part of the world in accordance with his last wishes, wherever the Territory had them written down. To Cuss’ recollection, most lived near the capitol, if not in it like himself. 
Problem with that was lack of a train in Sawyer. A stagecoach had to be hired and the bodies boxed and stacked on top. Added to, they had to dig Hodges out, and ask the help of the sheriff’s little mob, which didn’t bode well.
As it went, two of Monty’s crew guardin’ up the bank the first night had got certain thoughts in their head and Cuss sent Zamora on to set ‘em straight. A fight broke out and there was Monty’s cousin and brother in law in the clink for striking a federal agent.
Monty got his blood up then and nearly raised his voice. Deputies weren’t officers of the court, they were clerks hired by the Marshal! No more than that! Why, he’d go in front of a judge up in Fort Summer, if he had to! 
To Cuss’ mind, soon as he took his crew out on Strawhan’s trace, Monty would let them go anyway. Cuss could swear out a warrant, but then he’d be toting both dummies in his wagon to Fort Summer anyway to jail ‘em up proper. Out of his way, if he was right about Tutt makin’ for the border.
Hell, he just wanted some quiet while he got things settled, what it came to. He told Monty he’d consider dropping the charges if the man would step it up some helping out.
“I’m doin’ th’ best I can, Marshal. Y’gotta know, Cleve and Brett, they’re good men, they jus’ –” 
Cuss waved him down and shooed him back out of his office. He had too much goddamn paperwork to bother with nonsense.
This was morning of the second day and given a good night’s rest on his men, they spent the third afternoon with a few locals uncovering Hodges and sacking up whatever coin and cash they could. What to do then, Cuss had been trying to figure. 
The loot’d have to be recorded and a receipt drawn up. He had his own payroll to tow and knew he shouldn’t be toting more cash along with. He’d never had to figure such a thing and wasn’t sure how. Turner, most like. Leave ‘im behind. It was only a few thousand, but that was still a few thousand.
He already had to put Donnie on the ride back to Santa Fe with the bodies. He’d have appointed the jehu himself or some other but a court report had to go back as well. With all that went on, someone had to know. 
Not to mention, their expenses so far chasing down Strawhan. Best to get them on record soonest. He was putting up cash on hand just to stay a day behind the Strawhan Gang. Now it was gonna be two or three, but if he up and ran after Shopek, who the hell knew what Sawyer would do to itself. 
Santa Fe too, wondering where the fuckall four deputies and a bank went. District Attorney Shay had a mind for knowing things. Not real things a man went through, but things. Things he shoulda done, didn’t do, nevermind they were possible or not.  Never saw a case he wouldn’t drop if it hoped to embarrass the United States Territory of New Mexico.
All he had to show was the warrant on Plum Bob. The rest was fees and line items for ‘unforeseen circumstances’. Without being paid a real wage, all a Marshal was left with was the money he was spending. Warrants, arrests, sometimes mileage, all had to be logged and collected from the Treasury in Washington to make up for it. 
Cuss himself had his Arizona mine interest back in Santa Fe to meet ends and his boys a few jobs shipping or bookkeeping or, in Yarberry’s case, his hotel. But Marshalling took more than it gave, if it ever gave and fucked if Cuss wouldn’t get back his least. 
Coffins were the latest, paid out of his payroll satchel, now four instead of the expected three. Added to, the maker, Husky Denton, said maybe he’d petition the Territorial Assembly for reimbursement on the one for Adele Pesh and her little kid Tutt had beefed. Should be a county problem, but it wouldn’t. Husky wouldn’t have to do a fuckin’ thing but bill them and let the county pad the bill up to Santa Fe. 
Who knew what it’d come to, in the end. Cuss had been charged by locals in his course o’ work for everything from ‘noise ordinances when entering an establishment’ to ‘appearing unlikely to pay a bill on receipt of services’. 
He’d fought each one and mostly won, but there was still the fight to have. Which cost. Establishing courts and sessions for folks to air their minds was all good for the Territory, but it put them no closer to being a state. It kept them angry and isolated and now with an avenue to keeping it that way. 
Why cooperate on some Marshal in town when it was easier to complain why he was there in the first place? Especially when certain fools got money for their trouble. Adele Pesh deserved it most like, but her heirs would only pave the way for lesser folks trying to say their spooked horses from some hoorah or a broken window or shot fired in the air was distracting from their general well-being. Five dollars, please.
And Monty would want rent on his jail cells for his own kin, no doubt. The fools he paid to dig out Hodges would swear they worked twice what they did, despite receipts. And who knew what plays folk would take against Turner guarding the bank money.
As he rode out after Tutt Strawhan that day, Cuss just couldn’t care. About money, warrants, lawyers, any of it. He’d look for Shopek’s signs and hope Tutt was waiting at the end of it. Hope the man didn’t make too much trouble for folks before then. 
And if he did, well, maybe it’d go n’ make some trouble back.
Chapter 8: “I raced the gods!”
O’Shea pointed to the words he’d scratched in the ground with his bullet. 
“Tall man,” the Apache read.
The ape nodded.
“Is this you? I think you are the Old Man, the trickster.”
O’Shea shrugged. He shook his head. 
“Of course, in saying you are not, it only proves you are. Why would you admit it to a mere mortal? But I see through your crude shape to your heart, Old Man. You will not confound myself or my brothers.”
The ape sighed.
I roar and wave my arms, I’m a god. I wave hello, I’m a god. I can’t win with these guys.
He pointed to the words, then his eye. He shaded them with a hand and made an exaggerated show of peering around.
“Ah! You seek the tall man.”
Nod.
“Is he another of your kind? Do the gods come to Earth this day?”
Shake.
The ape pointed to himself.
“Only you, eh?”
Nod.
“For vengeance? Is this tall man an Apache?”
Shake. 
The unconscious warrior at his feet twitched and snorted. The leader flicked a hand and one of his men slid off the saddle.
“See to him, Kante.”
O’Shea watched Kante, then came forward and gestured to his linen blouse. Kante looked to his leader, then the ape. O’Shea pinched the man’s sleeve between finger and thumb.
The leader cocked an eyebrow. He gestured to Kante, who continued around the gorilla to his brother.
“He’s a white man.”
Nod.
“And he has angered the gods.”
O’Shea found himself nodding vigorously.
“But why would his own Masters not come for him? Jesus of the Cross and the Holy Father?”
Uh oh.
The ape jabbed a finger at Kante, then the warrior he was helping to his feet. All the others as well and O’Shea slashed a hand across his throat. He pointed to TALL MAN scratched in the ground.
“He has killed my people?” asked the leader.
The gorilla nodded. He whapped his own chest with a fist.
“Your people, yes. Of course, Old Man. I apologize.”
The man seemed genuinely distressed at his misstep and O’Shea felt a pang of pity. Or sorrow, perhaps. Deceiving these men like this. But he could see no way out of it. How to tell them what he really was? It would be another trick of the Old Man and perhaps too, anger them at his own insistence he wasn’t the god they had decided him to be.
O’Shea swept his arm to include the Apaches and squeezed his fists to his chest. He pointed at the ground and held their leader’s eyes. The man nodded.
“Yes,” he said. “We will help find him, Old Man. We will play tricks with you and hasten him to his reward.”
The ape bowed and came up with something between a snarl and grin, as befitting his mysterious and terrible divinity.
“I am Bodaway,” said the leader and held out his hand.
O’Shea shook it. He tapped Bodaway’s canteen and lifted it against its leather thong.
“Please do,” he said.
The ape untied it and waddled over to Charity, tipping the can into his hat. She drank it and he poured the last mouthful over her head.
“We are not far, Old Man. Your horse may drink ‘til she bursts. Come.”
Bodaway wheeled his own mount and shook his rifle out into the desert with a yell. His brothers followed, Kante helping the wounded brave into his saddle. Then they too were gone and O’Shea swung himself into the saddle.
Charity spooned up the dusty ground close behind, then churned into the middle of the loose party. The other riders laughed at the sight of O’Shea standing in the saddle and whipping his reins. They snapped their own and made to race him. 
Bodaway turned at the clamor, dark hair blowing around his sudden grin. He crouched low in the saddle, shouting in his mustang’s ear.
So they all pounded out across the cracked and flaking basin floor. No end in sight until the ape saw the gnarled black tree in the distance, the shell of a wagon half collapsed beside it. He jabbed a finger and lashed the reins harder.
Hoots and howls went up, tongues trilling in glorious warcries. O’Shea let the reins fall and pumped his legs in the stirrups, arms wide. He let out a roar with his head against the sky and watched Bodaway come up beside, then fall away. 
Charity’s eyes were wide and fixed on the tree ahead. O’Shea stood and planted a foot in the saddle and as they passed the wagon, leapt from her back with his arms up. He caught the lowest branch and swung, toes grasping the next one above and swinging him again. Charity’s rump was just passing below and he landed behind her, turning to the Apaches clattering their mounts to a dancing stop.
“I did not beat the gods today!” Bodaway shouted with a laugh. “But I raced the gods!”
His men cheered and raised their rifles. 
O’Shea bowed low, his arms out like men did when they were through performing. 
The Indians applauded him likewise.
The ape swirled up some handfuls of dust and threw them in the air. He rolled forward, then back and swung a few lazy punches. The Indians laughed.
“Hoo. Heh.”
He knuckled over to Charity, shaking her mane and kicking her back legs a bit to cool off.
Sorry about that.
She snorted.
I was not showing off, I was…
He didn’t know how to finish the thought and let it pass.
“She will need another drink before camp after all!” Bodaway said as he jogged his horse up. He tossed a watercan.
The ape poured it in his hat and held it to Charity. She gulped it down, one eye on O’Shea.
I was not showing off.
She snorted.
Chapter 9: No. 9 Holds the Key
Every morning, Number Nine awoke and knew a little more of what he had seen and done the previous day. That is, what those things meant beneath the simple seeing or doing of them. The facial expressions of Men, for example, began to fall away and reveal their true purpose and intent. Some of their words began appear, unbidden to him. Cage. Whip. Gun. Kill. He saw these things and the words were there, as though he’d always known them.
He began to anticipate. He began to know that there were things that hadn’t happened yet, but would at some undetermined point in the future. He knew this, as their previous instances remained with him after a thing was done. The arena, the fight. Feedings, beatings. They had occurred and would occur again.
There was a way to understand it, he was sure. To know what it all meant and how to use it. ‘Use it’ wasn’t a phrase of course, or a thought he had. It was a concept. Which also itself, was a concept. The knowing of concepts. The furious, elusive certainty that everything would simply fall into place. 
Until then, it was day after day of one experience atop the other until he wanted to simply tear his cage apart, for having no practical use of what felt like the constant stir of hot coals in his head.
That is, until he noticed the floor of his cage. One day, there they were. Sheets of paper with words on them, yanked out every morning in a loud crumple with cold, hard heaps of his droppings in them. Then new sheets, layered in, all the while he crouched outside with a leather leash strangling him and two rifles pressed to his head.
Nine had no idea what to make of the words he had known were always there, but had only just noticed. But as he slept and woke, layering days upon days of men’s words clunking more warm rocks in his head and his dreams breathing a spark of fire into their centers, he determined to find out.
The sheets were much like those held under the guards’ arms when they arrived in the morning and passed among themselves. They were spread out with a rattle between their hands and several would gather behind them to shout and gesture. Soon, more of their words began to drift into those the ape saw on the pages and looking at a word on a sheet meant he understood what it meant. 
How a man spoke the word or what he did as he spoke it, took shape in his ear. He would feel his own mouth working to sound it out, silently, to himself. To see it on the sheets, ‘of’, ‘the’, ‘when’, ‘at’, meant the words weren’t simply Man sounds alone. 
He knew that already from his trip across the water, but now, understood their true importance. The words had permanence. They had occurred and would occur. ‘The’ was ‘The’, no matter if it was spoken or printed. It was always ‘The’. It always held that shape and could always be known.
The gorilla held no hope of ever speaking himself, but the whispered thoughts in his head, louder every day, suggested that speaking was simply some ill-considered result of actual thought. A byproduct, like shit. 
Thought was what mattered. The coals, the dreams, this was thinking. He knew things and would know more things. The sheets weren’t the only sheets in the world. There were the ones the men brought under their arms. From the sheets themselves he read of Cities and Wagons and Money and Weather. 
He read of other sheets, like his own. Newspapers. Then Books and Libraries and the ape’s eyes grew wide at the thought of such knowledge. He would grunt happily, then bring his head up to be sure he wasn’t observed. To anyone looking in, it appeared as though he was lying on his side, staring at the floor in sadness perhaps, or defeat. But his eyes moved, back and forth and when a sheet was done, he lifted it out and turned it carefully to slot back under the others. He relieved himself only on those he’d read, rearranged into their own corner of the cage.
He’d been planning his escape for the last two months, somewhere in the back of his mind. He had no destination in mind and felt it hard to conceive of the world he was reading about. No, what he wanted for now, was simply to see if he could Escape. For truly escaping meant being Chased and not knowing where he was escaping To, would make it difficult to not be Caught.
So he would go slow and bide his Time and Look Forward to an Opportunity. It was bound to come, as he knew the routine of this place and its terrible Arena. The clever Guards, the lazy ones, the foolish ones.
Stealing the Key then, came with relative ease. It really seemed a matter of just deciding when to do it. As a warder leaned drunkenly against his cage and tried to poke him with a stick, he knew the time had come. It unsnapped from the man’s belt and when Nine grabbed the stick and shoved him away, he seemed content to stay there. Once he’d wandered off, the ape put his own hand through the bars.
He had seen them use the keys before on the Locks of other Cages, so now he merely Visualized himself standing outside and doing it himself. He remembered the twist to the left and grunted at the satisfying noise of the Click inside.
“Hoo. Heh.”
Prison though it was, it was not maintained as would a prison of Men. Men distrusted one another and so kept a constant watch. Men trusted above all, their superiority to beasts and so came only to feed twice a day, or bathe with the hoses. They tortured with the Buckets of cold water and Whistles too, but only in the day before a fight.
So for that, the ape had no concern about being missed. Food came in the morning and at night, shoveled through the bars of his cage and he would see Men no more until the following day.
So he closed the door as far as he could without locking it, then set the key on a table like he’d seen some Men do.
And so, Number Nine ventured into the World.
Chapter 10: Fire at Copper Drop!
It was three days from Sawyer Springs to Copper Drop. Cuss didn’t know that’d be their destination, he was just following Shopek’s signs.
It was him and Zamora and the two new ones, Osbourne and Pulaski. Yarberry, too, despite things. Five total. Six, when they caught up with Shopek in town.
Cuss had debated leaving Berry back to guard the money in Sawyer, the way his leg kept limping him. Turner though, was just too green. A month on the job, Wyatt was best pointing a gun at someone trying for the hotel safe rather than some fool coming for him out the dark desert. So five it was.
They followed the Indian’s clues, no one better for tracking a man. They were obvious enough all morning and afternoon of the first day, less-so as the evening gloomed in. Bent grass, hoof scrapes, all muddled in to one another before long and they camped up, talking low of their prospects.
The two new ones kept quiet mostly, Osbourne seeming to regret leaving his hostlery, Pulaski wanting nothing more than to get back out there. Into the blackest evening if need be. If it meant catching a man.
“You ever been this close to ‘im before?” he’d ask. 
“How many men he kill?”
“Is Tutt short for somethin’?”
The fool never wanted for questions.
Cuss let this go, no need to encourage him. He was maybe twenty, Osbourne twice on that. To Cuss’ fifty, he felt he had the hold on both. With Yarberry weighing in at a year over Cuss and Zamora being younger at thirty eight, but serving Cuss longest, there’d be no question of who rode who.
So it was the next day, following the obvious thing. Horse shit thrown aside the path like Shopek would, the glint of bullets in a spatter along the way. A chunk chopped into a tree trunk, a cactus arm hacked off, it was no trouble knowing it all was going west.
Then south and west and Cuss knew the score. New hooves, new trees and pieces of shit. New cold camps just off the road with cigar butts and whiskey pints not buried enough.
So the third day came a fairly clear trail, despite the Indian’s help, straight into Copper Drop.
Tutt had likely seen it as a good play. He was far ahead and had no wagons barreling down. He’d take a bit of time getting out. 4,000 souls to blend with, he could afford it. 
For Cuss, well, Shopek would mark his trail and either wait on Cuss to catch, or head out himself to leave another trace. Turned out, he was camped half a mile from town, with a big horse blanket between two trees and weighted at the corners for a lean-to. He’d been in town up to the day before, but when Tutt and his boys rode the mountain, they’d brought something back. 
“What?” Cuss asked. 
They were saddled off and tied up, Cuss casting glances up the mountain itself. Black smoke rolled off the back and troops of men and wagons went up and down the side.
“The Old Man,” Shopek said, “A trickster god and no one to trifle with.”
“You fuckin’ kiddin’ me?” Pulaski asked. 
Cuss put an eye on him and the man held up a hand.
“Shit, then. Sorry.”
“What was it?” Cuss asked. 
The Indian sat in front of a little fire, his legs folded with his hands on his knees. Cuss had seen his man like this a time or two on the trail. He went quiet in his head like that and mumbled to himself. Prayers maybe, or something like it.
“Straw and his boys holed up in town, talkin’ on the border,” said the Indian. “They were in the saloon, mostly, that first day. Up and down the stretch spendin’ on the bank. Then the next, one of ‘em came back from a ride up the mountain. Soapy, sniffin’ out that rock he uses for his brew. Comes back and speaks on a man with a big claim. Some trained bear or something guarding it up, so no one ever goes near. Bart Masters. Comes down for supplies every few weeks, but they all leave him be.”
The next piece of it was hard to reckon. 
Shopek waited in town for their return. He thought perhaps they were jumping a claim or something. He couldn’t follow without being seen. And if there was some monster up there waiting, the man had no problem letting Tutt bed himself down.
Then came the gunshots, the fire and those terrible roars. 
“And down they came,” and Shopek turned and pointed back past the edge of his lean-to. “A slope near there. Half-hid. Real slick n’ hard to navigate. Only about half were evident, fellow by the name of Lyle crushed under a couple horses at the bottom. I ran with a few others into the street and watched them go, Tutt in the lead after some had doubled up on their mounts. Straight along the Royal.”
“Followed by some bear?” asked Pulaski. 
“As I said. It was no bear. It rode a horse like any man, straight into the desert. It followed Tutt’s tracks and I saw it very clearly in the moonlight.”
“What’d it look like?” Cuss asked. 
“A squat shape, covered in black fur. I saw its fangs as it huffed and snarled over its mount. It wore guns and a cape flapped behind it.”
“Guns,” said Osborne. “Fuck’s some bear need guns?”
“It was not a bear.”
“And folks saw this, too.”
“Henry, there are dozens in town. There are four that saw it find Strawhan out in the desert.”
“He dead?” Cuss asked quickly.
“No. Strawhan absconded with a stagecoach and the Old Man battled him atop it. Two driver and express were killed, the four survivors walked all night back to town. I only got some of the story, but they’re with the mayor right now.” 
Cuss stood. 
“Let’s find ‘im then.”
He looked into the sky, then at the mountain.
“Ain’t a whole lotta day left so let’s make it quick if we’re gonna camp in the desert tonight.”
Chapter 11: Council with the War Chief
“I am struck by your demeanor, Old Man,” said Bodaway. 
They rode at a firm but easy pace, toward a range of slate outcroppings in the distance. Smoke rose from a scatter of pointed shapes and squashed looking boxes in front of them. O’Shea glimpsed a bustle of people moving about the camp.
“You do not speak the language of your people, or even at all. You understand the language of the white man and even spared my warrior Kuruk, where he was yours to take.”
The ape made a vague gesture.
Happy to do it.
“I was about to bargain with you for his life, in fact. Offer my own, if I could but I felt I should not. I somehow knew this was not required. Can you explain this, Old Man?”
O’Shea shrugged.
“No, of course you cannot. But there is something about you, beyond the stories I have heard. Some…element I cannot fathom. It both proves your otherworldliness yet somehow makes you of this world alone. It’s truly puzzling to me.”
The ape had some idea what the Indian meant. It was how the old man described O’Shea, stuck between animal and man. Between both places thanks to the bullet creasing up his brain. It struck others too, who had met him. The Indians mainly, as they were less apt to simply flee in terror when they saw him. They were often fearful, but it was out of reverence.
To them, he was the Old Man. And O’Shea suspected this wasn’t a conclusion drawn independently. He felt they somehow communicated to one another. Shared something in his wake so when he encountered the Pawnee, these traded stories to the Comanche, to the Pueblos and now, to the Apaches. Bodaway had seemed almost to expect O’Shea, when he thought about it. At least, he hadn’t been entirely surprised to find him.
And often, they simply fled. Some chased him off with big, loud gestures but it never became violent. A few times, he’d been given food and whiskey. These, by the Pawnee after he’d fled another train car and found himself alone on the plains.
O’Shea wasn’t even sure Bodaway had intended to attack him. Not as such. After their race to the tree he felt the young man simply wanted to tell the tale. Speak of the time he faced down the Old Man and walked away. It explained their terrible marksmanship, which wasn’t how the old man had described them at all.
“Y’ever met one o’ them bastards, you’d know it,” he’d say. “Even just one, you’d be skinned n’ eaten n’ gettin’ shit out ‘fore y’could shit y’damn self for seein’ ‘im!”
Of course, the old man said the same thing about bankers, negros and various politicians. Personally, O’Shea couldn’t attest to the ferocity of any one group over another. To him, they were all Men.
Excepting Indians. Men still, even better Men, if there was such a thing. They still held to the land, the sky. The crush of civilization behind the frontier wouldn’t bend them, couldn’t own them and O’Shea felt an understanding there, even if he could never express it.
“Well?” Bodaway asked and O’Shea blinked out of his reverie. They were drawing near. “What do you think, Old Man?” 
The camp before him milled, firepits crackling with meat, horses being led through, dogs yapping and chasing. Smoke rolled from the top of the wickiups, their grassy walls fluttering in the breeze. A few had furs over, toward the base and heaped around, for the colder nights this time of year. 
Women carried baskets of food in shawls and coats, their children at their legs. Young boys dunked themselves in a huge wooden tub, under and up, under and up. It reminded the ape of the children he’d stumbled across the day he met the Pawnee. 
They came clambering out of a wide stream, naked, cheeks puffed with water. After a short distance, they turned and ran back. To a body, they bent over their knees then and spit the water out.
“Again!” a voice had shouted, a warrior standing in the tall grass beyond. The children shouted and they charged back into the stream.
“Make me brave!” they shouted, and thrashed around, dunking deep and back up again. “Make me braaaaave!”
“You are quite lost in thought, this day,” said Bodaway. A man took his reins and stared up at O’Shea and the ape looked about him. All activity had stopped and face peered into his, then turned to each other. There were murmurs and grumbles. Several children swept their hair back at the tub and stomped over, eyes wide. O’shea flinched at their dripping faces.
Bodaway shouted in his own tongue and there were impressed looks and approving nods. He gestured as he spoke, acting out some exaggerated version of their initial conflict, it seemed like. Then a hand across his throat and a fist to the sky. His men sat more erect in their saddles and appeared very grave.
Then the Apaches swung off their mounts and Bodaway held a grand arm out  for O’Shea to do the same. His men were moving into the crowd, over to various huts and fires. The ape followed the man himself, past more children and dogs, past women in shawls hunched over shallow, smoldering pits. They breathed smoke off the rounded mounds of soil covering them and exhaled in a slow stream.
“It is my hope our father does not consider this a failed raid,” said Bodaway. “It’s not as though we attempted to raid and did not. Or could not. If it is, I won’t be allowed to ride for some time and cannot help you.”
O’Shea raised an eyebrow, or rather, caused half the ridge there to move slightly.
“It means I cannot raid. Nor can my men. We will be the cause of some ridicule until we make it right. Hunting, tending the camp. It is my hope however, the Chief listens to my plan and sees my way of thinking in coming back with you.”
Plan?
They had stopped before a large hut, a lodge, O’Shea heard them called. Bodaway ducked under the flap and held it for O’Shea.
“Let’s find out, eh?”
Chapter 12: No. 9 and the Arena of Death!
The crowd cheered behind the haze of cigarette smoke, surging against each other, clutching handfuls of tickets. 
“Kill ‘im Number Seven!”
“Let’s go you fuckers!”
“Kill! Kill! Kill!”
“C’mon Nine, goddammit!”
Police walked between the arena and the first row, tapping their shoulders with short, black clubs and leaning into the crowd here and there to speak with someone. Filthy vendors flung food from their baskets, young boys sat on shoulders or crept up behind the riflemen aiming through the iron fence. Women in torn dresses wormed their way between everyone for a smoke or a favor or a penny or two. 
“Yeah! Ha ha! C’mon!”
“Let’s go, Nine!”
“Seven! Seven! Seven!”
Number Nine crouched on his side of the arena, working his wrists together behind his back. The ropes were too thick to break, but thick enough too, that they couldn’t be knotted properly. That was the point, though. He was supposed to get free, eventually.
So was his adversary, watching him from the far end. They put bars up when gorillas fought, crisscrossing over the arena floor. The table sat on the floor itself, a spear leaned against it. There was a blunt spiked mace on top and a gun in the drawer beneath, one bullet. 
“Make me my money, goddammit!”
“C’mon Nine, you sack o’ shit!”
Like bars, it was only there when apes fought. What Seven would do if he found it tonight was anyone’s guess. But Nine knew he could open the drawer and remove it. The crowd knew this, at least, knew he was different. Last six months, they’d seen plenty of matches to know there was something about him.
But there wasn’t always the chance. The table could be smashed and the weapon kicked away or flung over the fence. Orangutans and baboons though, had some small luck on occasion. Number Nine had never been hit, though a shot had once clipped his ear.
He felt one of his hands slip and circled along the edge of the arena, facing Number Seven. His opponent watched him a moment, then stood and circled the other way. He was starting to respond to the crowd, Nine saw. Snorting and thrashing his arms in wild gestures. 
Some were quicker to it, some slower. A group of chimps with knives tied to their hands was very quick to frenzy. Feral dogs, obviously. Wolves. Bears, lions, the other gorillas, all a little slower. Larger they were, the more they’d become used to having prey at their leisure. Gorillas didn’t hunt, but they feared little. 
Number Nine feared plenty. Not an animal fear, not anymore. It didn’t quicken him, either. It came now as a series of sensations. Hot and cold both, these picture flashes in his head. He would tremble and just as suddenly, find himself becoming very still. 
Where to go, what to do. How to handle whatever was trying to kill him. Get loose, find the gun, shoot the gun. He’d even feared this, at the beginning. These new ‘notions’. But they kept him alive so now, he simply gave in.
His hand came loose. He kept it behind his back though, as Seven twitched at the movement. Nine was at the midway point of the wall now, up alongside the table. A hundred feet end to end and only thirty across, a few good leaps would put him right on top of it.
Seven saw this and beat him to it. He’d fought before, Nine had watched him. Fought like all the other animals fought, half-starved, prodded all day, doused with cold water. Angry. And he knew the table was important. 
Whatever Men thought, the presence of hands didn’t mean creatures with them knew what tools or weapons were for. It was wishful thinking. The fact Nine could use them obviously fostered this ignorant belief. But Seven, ignorant as he was, knew plenty about breaking. About throwing and swinging. Rocks, pieces of wood and certainly spears and maces. 
Seven threw himself headlong on his last leap, crashing down on the table face first. The spear and mace tumbled away, the legs snapping in a spray of splinters. The crowd howled, several pushing past the first row to grab the fence posts.
“Now! Now!”
“Nine! Kill ‘im Nine!”
“Get up Seven! GET UP!”
Number Nine ran to the center, leaping for a bar. He swung himself up and curled his toes around the one above, dropping with a spread armed roar atop Number Seven. They punched and rolled and slammed into the arena wall, Nine coming out on the bottom. Seven took his ears and gripped them tight, cracking his skull against the floor. Nine flung his arms between Seven’s and spread them to break his grip. Then his hands were on his enemy’s throat, squeezing.
Seven roared, gnashing his chin toward his chest to bite down. He clasped Nine’s forearms and wrestled him away. Stumbling off, he knuckled toward the crashed table. Nine batted away thrown legs and spars, and staggered for the flat, hard throbbing in his head.
“Kill! Kill! Kill!”
He glanced down when his foot came down on the piece of metal. The drawer was smashed apart, the gun slid out from the wreckage. He bent for it, the sound of the crowd lost in his ears. It was growling thunder, ocean waves.
He fired at the back of Seven’s head. The ape flinched and ducked low. Scurried around and searched the floor and scraped up the mace.
Hissing from the crowd, curses. 
“Foul!”
“What kinda game is this?!”
Nine pulled the trigger again, empty. He threw the gun aside with a snarl. 
A false round. Men loved their tricks.
Seven screamed and came at him, shaking the weapon over his head. Number Nine parried a blow with his arm and swung an uppercut. He kicked Seven’s hip and knocked his legs out from under. Nine moved in when the doors at both ends burst open. The dogs clambered out, snarling.
The crowd turned. It liked this very much.
Nine hunched low and got ready.
“It’s over son!”
“You’re done now, boy!”
“Kill! Kill! Kill!”
Chapter 13: The Malignant Major
Straw awoke to the smell of smoke and horses. He coughed and thrashed off his blankets and blinked around the half-lit tent. Decent size campaign deal, square with the droopy roof. Cots laid out like some ward, him in the middle o’ one side, most full the other side. Snoring, coughing in their blankets. 
He heard chatter and the clink of pots and pans. Buckles and harness, boots stomping. The shadows of men moved past the walls, lit by several fires. 
Soldiers, he remembered. The Cav come n’ picked ‘im up.
His arm was tight against him, wrapped in linen. He was barechest, bareass, he realized, getting his feet off the side to sit up. Jeans n’ boots, union suit, all gone. 
“Hey!” he called. Someone on a cot stirred.
There were coats flung on cots, boots under ‘em. Some had wooden lockers at their foot and he peeked over his own end. He reached with his good arm and hiked the lid up, peeking past it at more blankets.
“Shit.”
He cleared his throat and called again.
“I said, hey!”
A snort, a snore.
“Fuckin’ yeah, I hear ya,” came a voice and a man bulled through the flap with a plate n’ lantern. Straw swirled the blankets over his business and scooted toward the pillow. The man was a paunch, coat open and dirty over his stained shirt. 
“Fuck’re you?”
“I’m the one with food, so thanky,” he said and set the light on the footlocker. He came around and shoved the plate, then unstrung a canteen from around his sweaty neck.
“Thanky then,” Straw said. “Where’s my clothes?”
But the man was gone. Straw listened to him call outside, that fool’s ‘wake, fetch the cutter, then grunts and distant questions and the flap parted again.
“Sumbitch, figured you were frizzled, sir.”
The boy looked familiar, but Straw couldn’t place him. The kid saw this and came inside, holding the lantern to his face.
“Lieutenant Sparks, sir,” he said, quietly. 
Someone turned over across the tent and farted.
Straw went ‘ah, shit’ and nodded.
“’Member that. Talked some.”
“Yessir. I –”
The boy moved aside for another figured pushed through, salt n’ pepper beard, glasses on his nose. He wore an apron and carried what looked to be a toolbox. He rattled this down beside him on the cot next to Straw’s. He crooked a finger for the lantern.
“Swing up, there. Check that arm.”
“I’ll check back, sir,” said Sparks. 
“Naw, c’mon, then,” Straw said.
The boy seemed pleased and took up a place end of the cot, boot up on the lid, arms crossed on his knee.
“I’m Gant,” said the duffer. “You?”
“Fuck’s all this?” someone called.
“Back asleep!” Gant barked. He set the lantern at his feet and his eyes lit on Straw.
“Huh?”
“You. Yer name.”
“Link McCoy.”
“Awright.”
The old man peeled up some edges of the linen bandage. 
“Time izzit?”
“After nine. Y’might keep it after all.” The cutter leaned in and sniffed. “Hm.”
Straw eyed the rusty hack in the toolbox and sucked his upper lip.
“Anythin’?”
“Jus’ aches.”
“Quiet!” someone shouted.
“You be quiet!” the doc yelled. “Tingles?”
“No.”
He sat back. 
“Awright. Rest it up, we’ll find clothes and all that, Corporal Batten says. We’ll get you up to Selden, you can make arrangements.”
Straw nodded and smirked.
I got no such intentions, if it’s all the same. I will take them clothes n’ a horse n’ anythin’ I can steal ‘fore first light, though.
Lt. Sparks watched Gant go and moved to the bed across, clasping his hands off his knees as he leaned in to query.
“What was you really up to?”
“What was you up to, really?” he asked.
Straw licked his plate and tossed it next to the boy, then pulled the sheet around to sit up and grab the canteen.
“Claim up inna Cristobals. Got chased off by a goddamn demon.”
“Demon. Like the Bible?”
“Jus’ like. Came up onna pillar o’ fire n’ scorched the whole mess.”
“Shit,” said the boy. “We got a rider this afternoon, came in here talkin’ some mess up at Copper Drop.”
“There y’be.” Straw gulped some more and wiped his mouth. “It tore through town, fixed on me n’ my boys fer some damn reason n’ run us out into the desert.”
“What’d it look like?”
“Like a demon. Red eyes n’ fangs, covered in black fur. Ratty cape blowin’ an’ a hat with blood on.”
Straw assumed the last bit and made up the first. They sounded good enough.
“You didn’t do nothin’?”
“Mindin’ our claim. Prob’ly thought we was diggin’ down to Hell or some such. Drop in his parlor.”
The boy laughed.
“My. So he curse you or what?”
“Meanin’?”
“You was full up o’ nonsense we found ya. Runnin’ like a fool. Y’shot yer horse, ‘member that?”
Straw shook his head.
“Then ridin’ back, you tried jumpin’ out the wagon. But I caught you.”
“’Preciate that.”
“Sparks!”
He shot up, staring off past Straw with a hand to his head in salute. His shadow trembled on the droopy ceiling from the light on the floor. A tight figure entered up, coat done good, boots bright. He kept one hand behind his back, the other on his lapel as he strode in.
“You on latrines, Lieutenant?”
“No, sir.”
“Would you care to be?”
“No, sir.”
“Dismissed.”
The boy gave Straw a glance to his own small wave and kept his head down scrambling past the new arrival. Broad chested with black muttons, he leaned down for the light and held it. He sucked something from his teeth, maybe trying to figure which horse to tie him on the back of.
“Good ev’nin’.”
“Mr. McCoy, Mr. Lincoln McCoy?”
“At your service.”
“Major Franklin Storm.”
Straw nodded and ticked off a finger salute.
“Don’t shine me, son.”
Straw cleared his throat.
“’Pologies.”
A man clambered in, arms rattling with a heavy bundle. He cleared his throat behind the Major. 
“Sir?”
“Right there, Private.”
The man sighed and came forward, dumping a load of chains on the next cot.
“What’s this?” Straw asked.
The Major cocked an eyebrow.
“You’re under arrest.”
Chapter 14: Mystery at Caballo Springs
The whole station was pounded down, its center creased right down the middle of the thing. Windows broke, doors gone. It’d collapsed even as they’d put hands to the corners and shook. Rattling down inside, whole walls trembling and giving way.
Cuss kicked through some boards out front and planted a fist on his hip. Horses buried under some of it, spent shells, a whole fuckin’ hoorah. 
Back in town they’d heard all about it, standing around what was left of some saloon. Wind had carried a whole mess o’ flames off the peak to the edge of town. It was still going up there, but word was it hadn’t much left to eat. Out by morning, they said.
Inside, the four folks from the stagecoach sat around a table while Cuss and the boys stalked the creaky floor and asked questions. It’d been Tutt n’ the demon nose to nose. Their word, ‘demon’. And walkin’ back, a whole waystation gone. Dead horses, blood on the ground. 
Cuss thanked them all and tugged his brim stomping down the front porch. They made for the stables and packed what they could of the wagon on their saddles. Hour to sunset, but they had to get out there and see.
Zamora swung a lantern around the corner of the station to the back lot, Shopek in tow. Yarberry and Osbourne chatted in a squat nearby, over another lantern resting amid some o’ the wreck. Pulaski stood with the horses, smoking and putting an eye to the whole scene. He kept it up with the questions.
“Kinda fuckin’ dynamite does that?” he asked.
Cuss sniffed another board and tossed it. Definitely Soapy’s thunder.
“Puts some rock or other in it. Crushed up.”
“What rock?”
“Dunno.”
“One stick do this?”
“Dunno.”
“Ain’t see no bodies nowhere.”
“Noticed.”
“We lookin’ inside?”
“Be my guest.”
Cuss half-wished he would. Didn’t imagine the whole world collapsin’ on Ray Pulaski would shut him up, though.
“Nah, jus’ ponderin’.”
“Uh huh.”
“Marshal,” Berry said and held up a board. Cuss looked.
“That blood?”
“Some hide, too.”
“Hide.”
Cuss walked over, lantern up. He held the board and turned it, sniffed it. Definitely blood. He handed the lantern to Berry and picked at the hair there. Black and coarse.
“Hair,” he said and tossed the board. 
“Shopek!”
“What animal?” Pulaski called over.
“Git the fuck over here n’ work y’wanna know so goddamn much!”
“Sorry, Marshal.”
“Jesus. Shopek!”
Boots scuffed and the big Indian came back around, lantern swinging in his fist.
“Marshal.”
“Lookit this.”
He pressed the wad of fur into Shopek’s palm and took his light from Berry. He moved past and whistled to Pulaski.
“C’mon.”
“Where to?”
“Shut up n’ move, boy.”
“Yessir.”
They moved around side o’ the station, between it and the burned down barn and half an outhouse. Cuss watched their feet and stood beside a curving track of strange prints, feet in the middle, two dents to either side.
“Ain’t seen the like,” Zamora said as they came around back. Zamm played his lantern over the ground in a crouch and crooked a finger. The tracks kept on into the lot and out back. “These too.”
More off the back of the house, starting about ten feet shy o’ the house.
“Toes only, runnin’.”
He stood and pointed.
“They run straight on, stop when he gits a horse. Jumped off the roof, so I’m guessin’ that’s Tutt. Grabbed the horse an’ the odd ones there was doin’ the chasin’.”
Cuss moved from Tutt’s toes over to the odd ones. 
“Our demon.”
Pulaski came up and put a hand on his knee to bend. He held his stogie corner of his mouth and sucked with a crackle.
“That a hand?”
“Hands n’ feet,” Shopek said suddenly from behind. He made a fist and held it just above one of the prints. “See?”
“So the feet’s in the middle,” Cuss said.
Shopek tried to demonstrate his approximation of the strange stance.
“Like this.”
“So that’s how demons walk.”
“It is the Old Man, Henry.” 
Osbourne and Yarberry walked around the far corner, lights drifting up the back of the house. They spoke and Osbourne nodded and walked farther out the lot toward the desert.
“Mind the tracks!” Cuss yelled.
“What tracks?”
“Any fuckin’ tracks. Keep yer light low!”
“Why we out inna dark?” Pulaski asked.
“Gotta see it. If Straw’s runnin’, we’re gonna find ‘im.”
“Apaches in the basin, ain’t there?”
“Not this far north. We can find the stage n’ camp up near.”
“An’ if Apaches’ come?”
“Fight.”
“What if this thing’s out there? This demon?”
“Every fuckin’ question here on,” Cuss said, turning, “y’owe me a fuckin’ jig.”
“A what?”
“That’s a question. Start dancin’.”
Pulaski gave it a moment to remember what he knew ‘wait, I got it,’ and shuffled a few steps.
“Move off, don’t fuck up the evidence.”
Pulaski shuffled away, humming to himself. Zamora smirked and thumbed a match for his pipe.
“Fuck is this?” Osbourne asked and bent over out there. Cuss waved to Zamm.
“See to that. Hair or fur?”
Shopek was silent.
“It is fur.”
“Demon fur.”
“Henry, do not make light. The Old Man is the ghost of this land. Perhaps Death, perhaps the god of the underworld. Perhaps Coyote, changed to a new form. But it is the avenger of our people.”
“’Venge who?”
“The Indians. The land itself. The Old Man is all things. An owl, an eagle. He is of Apache and Navajo and Comanche. All red men know him as he is for each of them.”
“It’s bullshit.”
“You choose not to believe.”
“I ain’t seen it!”
“Hey!”
Yarberry rapped a knuckle on the house a few feet off and held his light. Where the back door had been, the jamb buckled to a crushed playing card. 
“I got boots, here. Toes only, running.”
“Our count’s what? Straw and Valdez, that’s it.”
“Three folks inna station, ‘ccording to the mayor. Maybe onna roof’re inside. Anderson, Hedgepeth and the other. We should check the barn wreck first, then try n’ look at the roof o’ this place.”
Cuss shook his head.
“No. We got ropes, we’ll tie up.”
“Tracks stop here!” Osbourne shouted, way out. His lantern was a small smudge. “Weird fuckin’ things! Feet n’ hands both. Then he grabbed a horse!”
“Stay there!” Cuss shouted. He pointed around. “Git ropes, we tie up n’ tug on this place. Knock it fuckin’ down n’ dig through. Ray!”
“Yessir.”
“Stop fuckin’ dancin’.”
Chapter 15: On the Trail of the Tall Man
When O’Shea awoke, he wasn’t sure that he’d even been asleep. He’d swirled some blankets into a mess to curl up, then opened his eyes to the sounds of voices. It felt very late, almost early. He batted the flap aside and looked out, a small crowd running toward a rider just now dancing his horse to a stop. 
He looked up at the moon and sniffed the air. Definitely late. After three in the morning.
Bodaway stood in firelight and spoke to the rider. He nodded and pointed toward O’Shea’s tent.
“Get him up!”
The ape knuckled over, huffing steam in the cool air.
“Ah! You’re with us,” said Bodaway. He gestured to the arrival. 
“This is Eknath.”
O’Shea recognized him from the riders sent out that day. The man was smiling and O’Shea smiled back.
That afternoon, the gorilla had understood none of what Bodaway and his chief had spoken of in the lodge, though he could discern easily enough from Bodaway’s face and hands that he was convincing the chief of their guest’s divine mission.
His seamed, quiet face had stared at his brave over the low, tingling flames of a small fire. Legs folded in front, palms on his knees, he would flick his eyes to O’Shea squatting to the side, then back at Bodaway. When the brave was finished, his chief filled a small clay pipe and smoked and seemed to think about things. He nodded.
“We will help you,” Bodaway said and looked at the ape.
Several had gathered outside, on their knees with offerings for O’Shea. Bodaway guided him through, what to drink from, what to hold and press to his forehead or chest before passing it back. Gourds, bowls, spears and weapons from a line of warriors. Bodaway called several of the braves together and gave them their orders.
Then to the campfires, chopping the blade of his hand into his palm as he spoke. Women and old men there nodded and pulled out the blankets they were leaning on. They raked trowels through the fires and spread the coals.
“We will use smoke signals,” said Bodaway.
An old woman and several little girls attended them to a tent then, a twist of hide around several poles sticking up through the top. The girls scurried about inside, laying blankets and setting out small bowls and rough scoops of tree bark. The old woman stood at the tent flap, holding it open over her shoulders. 
O’Shea sat on the blanket, Bodaway across from him. When their work was done, they ducked outside, getting a small tap on the head from the woman. She said something to Bodaway, then tossed in a handful of dust. Sprinkles of it came near the ape and he poked a finger to press the speck into his pad. He sniffed it.
“Salt,” said Bodaway. He said something to the old woman then and she departed with a grunt.
“To protect me in case you intend mischief. She is our medicine woman, those were her little witches. One of them will take her place when the time is right.”
He indicated the bowls and bark plates.
“I am not sure what you would wish to eat, but there is more of anything you like. Herbs too, and oils for your wounds.”
There were beans and peppers and hunks of bread. Pieces of dried meat as well and the ape sniffed one of herbs. Bodaway mixed the oil with these indicated one of the linen wraps on O’Shea’s arm. 
So the afternoon passed, people poking their heads in, the old woman returning with more salt. The children picked up the hem of the tent – tipi, O’Shea then remembered they were called – and made faces and laughed and ran away. 
The ape ventured out to check on Charity, well watered and being groomed by a young boy. He smiled at O’Shea and reached out to touch his fur. The ape patted his head and went through a complex pantomime to discover the location of an outhouse. O’Shea didn’t use them himself but knew this was Man’s fashion for attending to his waste. The boy took his hand and led him around the horse corral and pointed to the slate outcrops. 
When O’Shea returned, Bodaway was speaking to several more mounted warriors, some returning, some heading out. Black smoke fluffed in tiny clouds from the fires. The women and old men held their blankets and let the smoke build before letting out another burst. 
Bodaway pointed into the distance and O’Shea shaded his eyes. Far to the south, several small puffs suddenly appeared, as though in reply. Several warriors wheeled their horses and thundered off.
“I have dispatched the last of our messengers and scouts, Old Man.”
O’Shea nodded.
“With our smoke signals between other camps, we can speak to one another on the movement of the cavalry patrols. I think unless your man has made the border, or been killed by a N’de –”
The ape must have made a face, for Bodaway held up his palm.
“That would be very unlikely. We raid the caravans and patrols, but a single man brings only more patrols, should we harm him. Then the white man feels we have attacked him personally.”
Makes sense. A certain kind of it, anyway.
“By sundown we will hear on his location. After that, we must rely on scouts to return to us, as it will be too dark to signal. But be assured. We will find him.”
There was no better man in the Jornada, said Bodaway, than an N’de and the ape heard tell of their boundless knowledge of the place, of the mountains, animals, the Royal Road and the habits of the cavalry patrols who sought to tame it.
“And the N’de within, but this shall never be,” said Bodaway.
They sat in the tipi once more, O’Shea munching some handfuls of grass he’d found growing at the base of the outcrop. Bodaway smoked from a wooden pipe and offered it to the gorilla. He preferred his little cigars and produced one to light with some embers from the fire. He knuckled to the flap and looked outside. It was getting dark.
Then he swirled some blankets around and curled up. He hadn’t meant to sleep.
Now, he stared up at the new rider, Eknath, then at Bodaway. His face apparently said it all.
“Yes,” said Bodaway. “We have found your tall man.”
Chapter 16: Coyotes & Corpses
Cuss set camp a mile from the stagecoach, where Tutt had fled off from his demon. Or Shopek’s Old Man or eagle or whatever it all was. But the coach had been thrown for one o’ the team cut loose and Tutt and the creature were both gone. Cuss couldn’t figure the luck, but Tutt had managed such a trick and he rode off. The Old Man and his own mount had taken up hours later.
Way it sat, there was a dustup on the Cristobals. Bodies up the slope and out to the desert. They took the sheriff up there, but the wagons coming down had killed any good tracks. The bodies had been picked up and thrown aside into the brush. Masters’ claim was a wasteland, scorched black with trails plowed through from fleeing miners.
Sheriff knew a pair o’ local boys, Wesley and Bockman, some other he wasn’t sure over by the cabin. Too badly burned. Another body in the wreckage, probably Masters. Fool named Laird at the bottom of the slope. Jim Lane and probably Soapy Chisel along the way down.
Pete Stark dead by a busted shack shy o’ the waystation. Dead horses, some thunder gone off and blown ‘em to hell. Tutt had gone before it happened but the creature’s tracks were all over during. Hell of a fight. Sheriff was back in town so no idea who the other fool was laid out there. Another local Tutt had picked up.
That was nine bodies.
Another three when they’d gotten the horses to pull down the station. They had the names but no knowing who was who. Two in the house, one with his bones sticking up among the burned down barn.
That was a dozen.
That left Straw headed to the stagecoach with the creature on his heels. A third party, no telling who, had fled the house at some point out the back door. Lotta horse scrape and mess in that back lot but they’d found boards with blood on and a few short spars pulled clean o’ some wounds. This alongside them boot tracks that went out to the desert, then found themselves another horse and pounded off.
If it’d been one of the station men, they’d have headed back to Copper Drop. Only one o’ Straw’s crew unaccounted for was Vasquez. ‘Less he was one o’ them up by the cabin they couldn’t be sure of. 
Whoever it was, they were off on their own and Cuss let it lie. Tutt was the prize here n’ so was that creature. 
At the wreck of the stagecoach, they did what they could with their lanterns and some harsh tiredness. The Old Man had gone through the mess n’ fixed up for some wounds, then headed out on Tutt’s trace. The sun’d tell the tale on who caught who or went where. 
It was already dark when they set out from Copper Drop and past late when they made the stage. Nearly two in the morning. They made their fire a mile out and Zamora took first watch. Cuss closed his eyes curled by the fire and thought on what they were chasing.
Damn few better men than Shopek. ‘Specially for an Indian. But to see him turned around like that, almost fearful when he spoke of this ‘demon’, it didn’t sit right. Like he was talkin’ in church or somethin’.
It was foolish enough what the reds believed, all that earth and water shit, but now demons? He supposed they had them and prob’ly plenty of, given how many gods were supposed to be. One for the sun, the moon, even the damn wind. 
How they couldn’t just tell God done made it all for ‘em, was anyone’s guess. Said it right there in the book. Put his feet up the seventh day and that was that. Cuss thought a moment on what day it was then and had to count back some. Nope, not a Sunday tomorrow. 
Cuss didn’t church much but he’d like a moment with a padre on all this. Ask his thoughts o’ demon spirits ridin’ into the desert. With guns, no less. The fuck was a demon doin’ with guns? Demons had hoodoo powers, didn’t they? And the horse didn’t figure, ‘less it was spectral, too.
It wasn’t that there wasn’t strangeness out here. Hell, Cuss know o’ certain places a man shouldn’t go. Cemeteries, some missions, certain strips o’ this or that land. You could smell a badness there, sure enough. But that was all feeling. World didn’t have to show you anything to make its point. Feeling was enough.
Some actual monster though, that was a whole other. He’d never known that and wondered how Shopek did. How any Indian did. Or chinks, too, some to think. An’ niggers, they had all kind o’ stories about knocks on doors and devil on the crossroads. 
He supposed that was why Christians had such a hard time. It was a lot to contend with in tellin’ folks how it really stood in the heavens. Lotta fools out there convinced they knew how it was. 
Zamora shook him awake a few hours later and Cuss wasn’t sure he’d truly slept. It was getting pearly out n’ the sun’d be up in a few. He put some coffee on the coals and lit a smoke. He stared over the camp and out at the horses. He watched the desert and listened to some coyotes yap for a piece and go quiet. Sudden-like, too, like they were just squeezed off. 
Cuss stood and put a hand to his iron, listening. The fire spit behind him and the pot began to wheeze. He gave it another few, ear to the air. Then a coyote went, then another. He let out a breath and shook his head.
Foolishness. They were after Tutt Strawhan, that was that. Some fool wanted to chase ‘im down wearin’ bear fur or some such, that was his own whatall. Hell, maybe he’d even string that prick up and save everyone the trouble.
Cuss sighed and crouched to the fire for his coffee.
Chapter 17: The Adventures of Tutt Strawhan
Nope, that won’t do.
Straw thought this going through his latest iteration of chainful escape. Wrist shackles only and they were old, but he couldn’t get an inch. There was no pressing his thumbs to his palms enough, no spitting on the metal, no loosening the bar of the cot. He’d even considered carrying the damn thing with, but the Major had his boy loop it through the one next to him and back again. Lotta chain, lotta links to rattle anyway. 
He lay back and watched the droopy ceiling. Some fires jumped out there too, men on watch shuffling past every few. He closed his eyes and twitched a cheek in thinking of the Major. Goddamn sumbitch, that one was. Thought he knew a thing. 
Sumbitch don’t know shit.
“We have word of a fire at Copper Drop and a shootout on the premises there,” he’d said, as the kid strung out the chain and squeaked open a shackle. 
“There was some troubles,” Straw had said.
“So it seems. Copper Drop sheriff has sent a dozen telegraphs to Fort Selden since last evening. Their contents were transcribed by our commander and ridden out to me no less than an hour ago. We’re a day’s ride from the Fort, Mr. McCoy and I’d like to know if my boys back at post can expect to be saddlesore this time tomorrow from bringing me any more of your adventures.”
“Don’t know what you read there, Major, but –” he flinched as the kid moved in and tried to fit the bracelet. There was a rustle of cloth and Straw looked to see the Major clearing his hip, hand on an iron.
“Let the boy work.”
The shackle squeaked shut and a barrel key was turned.
“There’s a heap o’ bodies off the Cristobal slopes, out into the basin is what. Explosions out there, sound of gunfighting. All in what witnesses say was your general direction toward us. About where we found you raving and shooting your own horse in the head.”
Straw stared. The boy had his other wrist and was clamping down.
“Did I forget anything Mr. McCoy?”
Luddy muss, I can think of a few! Damn these things’re heavy.
“Sounds about right, Major.”
“Won’t hear anything more upon this, then? No more corpses? No warrants sworn out upon you? Did you rob someone on that mountain, sir? Did you kill them?”
Straw watched the chains going through the bedframe next to him. 
“I ain’t never killed no one.”
That didn’t deserve on account o’ havin’ somethin’ I wanted.
“I know men, Mr. McCoy, I am in charge of this entire regiment of men of all stripe. Cowboys, soldiers, carpenters, thieves, men young and old. I know what’s in their souls. And I know you.”
“If you say, Major. You’re the law out here.”
The kid turned another key and dropped the wad of chain on the floor.
“Finished, Major.”
“Dismissed, Private.”
The boy saluted and strode out.
“We’re an instrument of the law, Mr. McCoy, not the law itself. We’re to see it enforced as posted by the Marshal of this Territory where all brigands and bandits are punished to the full extent.”
“I ain’t one, though.”
“You are. At the very minimum you keep their company. No right respecting group of men finds themselves shot to death in the dead of night unless they are scheming.”
“I was chased off that claim by purest evil, sir. A dark demon what set fire to that mountain and rode for me. An’ my boys. It was him killed each one and woulda had me if I hadn’t prevailed. I do thank you for saving me for I was outta my head. From thirst and fear and so I did shoot my horse, though I can’t explain the why. I was delirious and barely recall it.”
The Major glared. Straw could see he’d played it wrong. This was no one to be turned on thoughts of spooks n’ hellfire. He was reasonable, with a reasonable result for every matter. 
When the man had left Straw lay in the darkness and listened to the snores and farts around him. He listened to the clink of coin outside as the guards went at some cards. He had two at the front flap, more patrolling the edges of the camp, at one of which his tent appeared to be located. A shadow moved along the back wall, rifle at arms. It drifted away. Then the wall itself wrinkled up and a face appeared. 
Straw got to an elbow and narrowed his eyes. The figure came on quick at a crouch and moved between his cot and the next. It held up a key. In the dim glow from the fire outside, Straw could see it was Lieutenant Sparks. The lad held a finger to his lips and ducked down.
He had a pack on his back and when he came up, pinching a pair of boots between finger and thumb. He set the ruck between Straw’s knees and tugged his own lapel. 
Clothes. 
Fuckers never did bring him anything. All the better for keeping him one place, but if freedom was showin’ his hog to all Creation then that’s how it’d be.
The boy went to get the key in a shackle and scraped it loud. Straw snatched it from him and did his own. Spent long enough with the fuckin’ things he could do it by feel. He put the key in his teeth and made faces sitting up and hefting the chains quiet to the next cot. 
Then into the ruck and he swept the bedsheets off for a uniform, or part of one. Officer’s pants with the pipe down the legs and a shirt. He put his legs down and wiggled a foot in, standing quick to yank ‘em with his good hand clutching the back. They kept each other’s eyes in the dark as the realization came Straw couldn’t button himself. Spark’s eyes floated around the room over Straw’s shoulder as his fingers worked. Straw felt the kid’s breath on his throat and looked away.
Same with the shirt, one arm in, the other pulled over his bandages. The kid did three buttons and Straw nudged him off. He could do his own boots. 
Then quick behind Sparks to the wall, both crouched for the shadow of the guard going by. The kid was under in a trice and Straw followed. 
There, the kid mouthed and chopped a hand toward a small corral. 
And off they went.
Chapter 18: O’Shea on the Warpath
The warrior was breathing heavy and wiping foam from his horse. He was Eknath, a brave of no little repute within the camp, according to Bodaway. 
The sun was hours off yet, but blood was sufficiently boiled, to the ape’s understanding, that the sun had little to do with when days in camp began. Already braves were coming out of their tipis and old fires were being stoked back to life. Eknath swung off his mount with his tale in mind and spoke it all the way to the chief’s lodge. Bodaway filled in O’Shea with small chirps of English, which the ape used to stitch together what he already knew.
Signals from Bodaway’s camp had been to their nearest southern cousins, who had then sent messages to others in the west. Then to the north and back to Bodaway, all the while, scouts and raiders from the many camps sending further signals to their riders in the field. This, with fires built in the basin, strengthening their overall plan to survey the various cavalry patrols and determine which was most likely to have come upon the tall man, given his position relative to O’Shea’s.
The ape found it all most impressive. Scouts from one camp finding raiders from another. Being signaled by the camps to ride here or there and signal back their progress. Bodaway had explained it all day to the gorilla, but still, to see it bear fruit was remarkable.
Inside the lodge, the chief was already awake and had a fire going. Young boys set out water bowls and some bowls of berries and acorns. It was Bodaway and Eknath, O’Shea, then a half dozen more, one of them Kante, from that morning. They settled themselves on blankets around the fire and the chief made a small motion with his hand to tell the tale. Eknath took a breath and began.
Within hours of the first smoke and the scouts sent out, N’de had located the trace of an army patrol. They had been part of a small camp separated from the larger regiment farther south. The regiment had started out a day and a half ago, camping up fifty miles northeast of Fort Selden. The smaller detachment had gone off the previous afternoon, most likely on this or that evidence of an Apache trail.
The raiders followed the tracks north and there, found a dead mustang. The carcass had already been butchered and hauled back to a northern enclave. A man’s hat had blown and caught its brim beneath the shelf of some rocks. Signaled northerners rode a man out and explained that when they took their meat, it was from a beast that had been killed only hours before.
The cavalry that discovered the horse (and presumably, its rider) returned south and evidence was found of a smaller camp of  twenty or so which that afternoon had kept on to the southwest. They had to have been carrying a wounded or otherwise incapacitated rider of that dead horse or why else abandon a seemingly productive search for Indians?
There was also word that another detachment was headed up the Royal Road, Eknath said, for reasons unknown. They had begun that morning and would not arrive in Copper Drop (if that was their destination) until the following evening, late. And it would be Copper Drop for the fact they stuck to the road. Not derivations to the east at all and even the N’de scouts who came close got no warning shot from the men.
The scouts then signaled the camps at last light and word was passed. More scouts to the southwest rode past the regiment camp. Shots were exchanged, the N’de taking flight, certainly to the gloating joy of the white men. 
But the raiders stayed apace and one crept close to observe the camp. Within a few hours, the small detachment arrived and brought a white man, a wounded man, into a campaign tent. 
The brave rode and fired shots every few miles, until he was met by another to pass the word. Then another and another and now Eknath was there, rode hard to them with his tale.
“We have him,” Bodaway said and the ape grinned. The brave stood.
“We have a long ride to the regiment, at least a day. But you would walk if you had to, I think.”
The ape grunted.
I’d crawl.
It was only minutes getting mounted up, as the day had been spent preparing. The selected warriors leapt with handplants on their horses’ rumps and vaulted into the saddle. Spears were thrown from young boys and girls to their fathers and brothers, rifles were slung, knives sheathed. Canteens and canvas sacks of food were tied to either side of their mounts, with bedrolls and fire blankets. They were ten only, to signal for more groups along the way if needed.
“We signaled them earlier when out looking for your man,” said Bodaway. “When the sun rises, we will stop and signal again and the call will go out to each party.”
There was no wagon, each man contained his own weapons and provisions and Bodaway said the pace would be fast. N’de horses were used to long treks and managed well in the dark. Could the Old Man say the same for his mount?
The ape leaned forward in the saddle and patted Charity’s neck.
Don’t worry about us.
“Very well,” said Bodaway and called to his men. There were whoops and cheers and they hyahed out behind him, out through the tents and past the fires. Out into the basin with the stars above.
O’Shea felt himself smile with a huff of vapor as their hooves thudded across the cold, dusty flat. Charity droned beneath him, snorting, finding her pace. 
Here I come, you son of a bitch.
The ape lashed the reins to pick up speed and felt the roar boiling in his chest. He tilted his head back and bellowed long and loud. It echoed into the darkness and seemed to ripple the air itself.
The warriors roared in kind.
Chapter 19: “A fortress city, full o’ friends.”
They walked their horses a good mile, looking back all the while. No one came along the back edge of camp where they’d walked off, no one called an alarm about the dead guard. Straw gave it another couple minutes, then swung up in the saddle. Sparks followed suit.
The kid had done good on the horses and gear, fixing it up little by little as the camp died down. Pistols in the saddlebags, canteens full, even a new beater hooked on the saddlehorn like a gift. An officer’s black slouch with yellow trim. He also done some rifles slotted in their long holsters. 
Straw was beside his mount about to put a boot in when the guard came back. He’d gone low and bobbed on his knees between the other horses but Sparks was caught. The kid patted the horse he stood by and tried to appear casual. Words went about the horse geared up, the man crooking a finger to come out the pen. Death to deserters and whatall.
The guard slapped the top rail of the gate and hurried the kid to get on out. The kid had trouble and said to help, the latch was stuck. The guard bent down to look and well, the bayonet must’ve been up his sleeve. It was out and sunk in the guard’s throat and back out on a sluice of dark blood.
It was heavy breathing for the kid after, wanting to just ride off but Straw wheeled him and spoke slow and that was that. Sparks kept smiling, which was some unsettling, ‘til Straw realized he got happy too, after a good rundown. He’d just rarely seen it outside his own boys. Jim Lane and Vasquez mostly, if the Mexican was in the sauce a bit.
It was an hour going quiet, and Straw spoke up. How’d he feel? The kid bounced in the saddle a moment and smiled some more.
“Real good, Mr. McCoy. Shit, I been wantin’ out I don’t know how long. You been in the service?”
“Some. Did the war for a piece, then hid out with the Mexicans.”
“You ever do latrine duty?”
“Yep.”
“On post?”
“My roster wa’nt too long but I caught it a time’re two.”
“I been there a year n’some.”
Straw smirked. 
He knew already, a man had only to look deep in the eyes of the average soldier to know how he’d suffered for flag and country. He had himself, which is why the Mex deal was such a peach. Without that he’d never’a come to San Salome with Vasquez. Desertion was the best play he ever made. 
‘Cause b’fore that, it was all shit. When the bugle sounded at dawn, it was up for reveille and then it b’came anyone’s guess what fuckery was at hand. Ten years or so now, but Straw remembered Fatigue Duty real well, since that’s what it did to you. Shitty labor all around a fort, two weeks per roster. 
If it was broke it got repaired, it needed makin’, they made it. It was gathered or sanded or polished or nailed, sawed, hammered, chopped, whatever. Didn’t like that, you got kitchen duty.
Long row to hoe, serving coffee and breakfast like some bitch to th’ other boys. Up at three in the a.m. for that shit, and when it was all was said n’ done, soapin’ n’ dryin’ the pots n’ pans, heaped head-high. 
It was done with a smile, or it was off to the sinks. That is, the latrines and that was Sparks’ complaint. He hated it and woke up sweating at the thought. They kept giving it to him so much he’d run beggin’ to go on patrol. An’ a man sweatin’ ‘round the Jornada for a two weeks gettin’ hacked on by Indians meant he was serious ‘bout his need for peace. 
Oh, Straw knew the dread metal boxes under the shitter seats. Bottoms were drilled for piss to go through and soak the ground under the shack, but the box caught every turd solid enough to stick. He shivered thinking on it as the kid spoke wide-eyed n’ horrified of his trials.
Shucking the boxes out and flinging shit into the desert of a day was no way for a respectable man to pass the time, he said. Straw had to agree. Hell, any man would. Damn sure every army cunt, which was why the boxes were always full-up so the only thing worse than cleanin’ a fuckin’ sink was o’ course, usin’ one.
Yeah, Straw had run like hell off his fort that day, no question. Hadn’t hadda stab no fool in th’ neck for it, but thinkin’ back, he woulda.
Sparks seemed damn pleased he had.
“Wouldn’t go back,” he said. He shook it sharp, once and nodded. “Not ever.”
“Can’t,” Straw said. “Yer sunk, son, whichever way.”
“Fine.”
“Salome’s got no such. Where we’re head? It’s a fortress city, full o’ friends.”
“Y’said.”
“When.”
“After you went off in the wagon. I held you down, talking to you and you went on. You looked right at me, said: ‘I know a city we can go, you n’ me, demon won’t catch, women all over. We’ll go down, tell ‘em where the gold is.’”
Straw scratched his jaw some and rubbed his throat.
“I said that?”
“Yessir. San Salome.”
“I said that.”
“Yessir.”
Straw couldn’t speak on that, but it explained some. Better still, the kid. He wasn’t some odd crazy. He believed. Nothin’ wrong with that by a damn sight. 
Sun was nearly up then and Straw gave another look around like he did, half a smile on him. Front and side to side, then back. He stayed back, chin to his shoulder, thinning an eye to the group out behind ‘em. He sucked his upper lip and blew out a breath seein’ it wasn’t the demon. Demon would come alone, hard. Outta nowhere, if anywhere.
They’d found the dead guard and were well off yet, but there they were. 
“Well, kid, here’s your piece.”
Sparks looked. He looked at Straw.
“Let’s go.”
Straw held a hand.
“We go like this n’ keep a pace, or run hell n’ give out. Just a question o’ when they catch us.”
Sparks slapped the reins an’ hyahed! on ahead.
Straw laughed and followed suit.
Chapter 20: Cuss Closes In
They tracked past the stage a piece, Tutt’s mount and the creature’s goin’ good beside one another for a bit ‘fore they split off. Hadda been the dark for the creature, so Cuss again doubted heavenly powers at work. More like the thing had picked a direction most like his quarry and simply rode. 
So they stuck with Tutt mainly to the south n’ Zamora went off southeast for the other. Cuss said a warning shot he came on anything and he’d keep on for Tutt and shoot up they come across a body. 
Hour it went, then two. When they found the horse, it was nearly three. Cuss slipped a leg down and came around his mount to crouch by Shopek on the carcass.
All it was left was carcass. An animal once, but slid along the ribs and spine nice with a blade and big heaving slabs pulled off. Bones still in bits o’ meat, resting like white fingers laid in jelly. Cuss figured he pulled one out, it’d leave a perfect mold. 
It was Tutt’s, or had to be. Zamora’s tracks were heavier to the southeast, for Shopek sayin’ his demon took up more weight. Some hulking size and pounded his horse down in the saddle. If Zamm found the thing, Cuss had thoughts o’ feeling bad he’d sent ‘im off. Right quick he knew it was foolish and if anything, it’d be some dead fuck in that bear skin, sucked dry from the heat.
The real bit of it was the army come up to play after Tutt had stove his bitch with a right one straight back o’ the head. Blood sprayed around the thing’s head where it fell. Skull exposed for the skin peeled back by the butchers, but no mistaking the hole and teeth plowed into the sand. 
“What of it?” Osbourne asked, prodding a frontal with his pistol and flipping it into his hand. It was a little tombstone, yellow-black and he held it finger and thumb with the root still on.
“Went nuts,” Cuss said. He’d seen it a time or so, no one to blame lost out somewheres so the horse got the brunt.
“An’ the Cav come rescue,” said Pulaski. Cuss noticed he phrased it like a statement. “And then they took him…south.”
He’d been about to say ‘where’ and caught himself so Cuss nodded.
“South to a regiment. Too far off the fort itself to be regular patrol. This is their scheduled reconnaissance, out for scalps. We’ll have a bigger camp sooner on, prob’ly a small one ‘fore that if these fools were more’n half a day from their unit.”
Shopek left a sign for Zamm, stick in the ground, bit o’ cloth, and they kept on the Cav trace, all day. When Zamora caught up few hours later, no, the creature tracks didn’t end. Went to a mess o’ scrape from some fight, then the whole deal rode off east. 
Zamora was a fine tracker but Shopek was the one to hie out on. Cuss gestured and Zamora told the big Indian what he’d seen precise and why he thought such. Shopek had to agree. An’ he himself knew of a few camps out that way, one especial. Out east, ol’ Chief Kantu’s piece an’ between him an’ his son-in-law Bodaway an’ that one’s brother Eknath, they were no one to trifle with. The creature found his way out there, they had things to think about.
The sun had a bit left yet when they rode up on the regiment, a hand hello for the outrider keeping watch a mile out from the perimeter. Any desert camp was a raucous mess, patrols coming and going, cook fires blazing, enlisted on the scurry for every little job. This was no different, but there was something else to it. A twitch to the whole thing the way men moved. Lotta eyes on the horizon, voices raised.
A private took Cuss’ horse and shouted to several more for the rest. A Corporal Vincennes led them to the main tent and held aside the flap. Cuss waved a hand for his crew, ‘stay off but stay close’ and crooked a finger for Zamora to follow him in.
“Marshal Candless.” And Major Frank Storm stood up a bit and sliced out a hand. They shook and Cuss tipped his chin to Zamora.
“Deputy Carlos Zamora.”
“Major.”
“Deputy.”
“Lookin’ for my man, Major. Balled up as this place looks, I gotta say he’s been through.”
“Lincoln McCoy?”
Cuss looked at the other officers and down at a map on the table. There was a rude desk and chair as well and a bottle with some smudgy glasses. 
“Tutt Strawhan, Frank.” Cuss poured up and held one out to Zamora. “You?” The Major shook his head with a small smile, ‘no, thank you.’
“’Bout forty two, three, lean, say six three, real smooth talker.”
“Told us his name was McCoy.”
“We saw he met up your patrol.”
“We found him wounded yesterday morning. They brought him back raving about demons and hellfire.”
“Demons.”
“Tried to sell me the same bit last night when he woke from a small fever.”
“Just him? No Mex with?”
“Just him. Several hours later, our own Lieutenant Beaumont Sparks went missing. One man was killed, two horses gone with your man.”
“This morning.”
“Before sunrise, I can’t say exactly when. It was an hour before we noticed, but I sent men off immediately.”
“No word.”
“None yet. If they pass halfway to the Fort they’d simply keep on with them both and send a rider back with the news.”
“If they don’t?”
“He left a clear trail into the basin. He needs to avoid the fort so he’ll head mainly south for the border. However, there’s been a great deal of activity the last day. Apache scouts back and forth. I had my own men out, they report signal fires and what look like raiding parties that break up in all directions when spotted.”
“Makin’ things tense.”
“We’re not sure what’s happening, Marshal or what your man might have to do with it.”
“Sir!”
A man batted his way inside with a sharp salute.
“Sergeant Fuller’s rode up, sir, he’s –”
Another man pushed in behind him and there went the salute.
“Sir! Reporting back on McCoy’s pursuit sir.”
The Major nodded.
“He and Lieutenant Sparks are both in custody, fifteen miles from Selden. I sent the men onward.”
Storm let out a breath.
“Well, that’s one problem solved.”
Cuss glanced at Zamora. 
Maybe. And maybe a whole other one coming.
Chapter 21: Utalla Lends a Hand
Bodaway spotted a regiment outrider and wheeled them all back the way they came. They rode a mile on their own tracks, then turned south and skirted the camp, keeping the outrider just over the horizon. 
“I do not think he saw us,” Bodaway said. “Even so, he will likely report it back as just another scouting party. They’ve surely been seeing the N’de ride close these past days.”
They kept on, eyes behind for the outriders and ears to the air for cries or shots. When they were south enough, but still in line with the regiment, Bodaway led them toward a cluster of large boulders to camp until nightfall. 
He would go in with the Old Man and search the tents for their prize. O’Shea had indicated he would be wounded, poking himself in the arm and flicking his fingers out for the blood. It would make things easier, provided he still lived.
“I do not wish to alarm you, Old Man,” said the warrior. They corralled the horses with some pegs in the ground and began to lay out their bedrolls and weapons. Everything at hand, just in case. “If he is dead, I am truly sorry, but his soul is purged from this world. The gods have vengeance upon him then, even if you do not.”
That won’t really work for me, the ape thought. He brushed Charity and filled his hat for her. She ate a handful of acorns then and O’Shea opened one of his sacks. He had not been getting enough to eat lately, not that he’d felt the need. But the slate rocks at Bodaway’s camp had yielded some delicious grass and there was nothing for it if he was to press on. If the tall man wasn’t there, that meant another ride who knew how long. 
He was partway through the bundle, laid open between his legs where he sat, when Kante leapt up, rifle in hand. They all looked to the southwest with him and spotted the lean shape of the rider. He held his rifle horizontally overhead in the prearranged fashion, then dropped it likewise across his middle.
He and Bodaway clasped forearms as he dropped from the saddle, and he bid the others hello in their own tongue. 
“Old Man, this is Utalla. He camps to the south with Chief Hoday.”
Utalla regarded O’Shea with a deep bow and seemed to address him directly as he spoke. Bodaway stood behind and translated in his clipped, quick way. 
“Utalla watched camp with small party. Early morning tall man fled. South with friend.  Army follow. Utalla follow. Hour and hours. Tall man run horses dead. He ran on foot. Tried to shoot. Army shot back. Surrender, taken southwest to fort. One rider return to regiment one hour past.”
The ape held out a hand and shook with Utalla. The man trembled and the other braves crowded around stood up very straight.
“You have pleased the Old Man,” said Bodaway. “He thanks you.”
Oh, you have no idea. 
O’Shea gestured over the rocks toward the regiment camp.
“Yes?” said Bodaway.
The army? 
The gorilla pointed southwest.
The fort? 
Bodaway narrowed his eyes. O’Shea felt around his middle and slicked a bullet from its slot. He crouched and swept some dust from the ground. The warriors all took a step back. Bodaway crouched down as the ape scraped the bullet against the dirt.
PLAN? he wrote.
“I do not know that word. That is, I do not know many written words.”
Shit. Really?
Bodaway saw his expression and shrugged.
“I am sorry.”
The swept the word away and went again.
FORT.
“Ah. Fort. Yes, Fort Selden?”
The ape nodded. He made to write again and sat back. He swept an arm to include them all. He made guns with his hands and growled. He pointed to FORT.
“I see. Yes, all of us attack the fort.”
HOW?
Bodaway laughed.
“How else? We attack the fort.”
O’Shea snorted.
Very clever.
“Inside the fort, Old Man. We will gain access quietly on the eastern wall and make our way to the holding cells. The interior of Selden is quite known to the N’de. Several of us serve as scouts for them.”
O’Shea tapped his lips with a finger. There were still things he wanted to know. How many men? What were their schedules? What was their likely response to even seeing them, if they were spotted? Would they call out? Would they fire?
It was too much for a bullet in the dirt and the truth was, Bodaway had likely been planning for this very thing. The ape sighed and slotted the round back in his belt.
“You are angry?”
O’Shea shook his head. He clapped softly and swept his hands forward. 
Let’s get the hell outta here, then.
The warriors realized his movements and chuckled. They clapped backs and snatched up their rifles and gear. The gorilla knuckled over to Charity and untied her, then swung himself on. He patted her neck.
Hey, you got an hour’s rest, anyway.
She snorted.
They rode southwest then, Utalla at their side. 
“Our number is sufficient for our plan, but his honor would be to serve with you,” said Bodaway. 
Utalla gave O’Shea a short salute and smile. The gorilla saluted in kind.
The stopped to water the horses only, or unwater themselves. O’Shea felt more of his appetite returning and stuffed an empty sack into his saddlebag. Warriors slept in the saddle, riding in the middle of their party, the reins held by others. O’Shea took his turn and dreamt pleasantly of crushing the tall man’s head with his bare hands.
He awoke to a pat on the back and Bodaway rode away, pointing ahead of them. Out there in the blue black, was the shadow of a long, high wall, burning with torches at each end. He could see men on the top, guards, moving slowly back and forth. They danced their horses to a stop and cantered toward a low ridge. They would crawl now, Bodaway said. They had just over an hour, which would see them inside well before sunrise.
The ape gave a shrug.
Lead the way, my friend.
Chapter 22: Oaths & Outriders
“How far out?” Yarberry asked.
They were in the Major’s campaign tent, everyone dismissed but Cuss’ crew. They leaned against tables and smoked or sat at the desk or on a cot. Most the bottle was gone.
“I told him keep the one at a mile out,” Cuss said, “ride his circuit clockwise with the other going counter, but do another two. One another mile out clockwise, the other two miles out going counter.”
“That’s a shitload o’ outriders.”
‘”We’ll find ‘em. We’ll find ‘em two, three times, I reckon.”
“Marshal!”
Cuss tapped his ash and smiled.
“Here we go.”
“Shit,” Berry said. “Could be comin’ tell ya he found another bottle.”
“Shit yeah, where the hell is it?” Zamora asked. He stood off the table and patted himself for the smoke hanging out his mouth. Berry thumbed a match and held it up.
“Thanky.”
“Marshal!” and a private pushed inside, pointing out behind him. “Sergeant Frost jus’ rode up, he saw ‘Paches n’ some big man along with. Kinda how you describe.”
“With fur on.”
“Or somethin’.”
Cuss ignored Shopek giving him an eye and moved past the kid. A horse was being leg off, the sergeant shoving his hat up under his arm as he came forward. He held out a hand.
“Sergeant Morton Frost, sir,”
Cuss held it with a squeeze and glanced past him.
“How long ago?”
“I didn’t see it myself, sir. One of the three milers rode in, spoke to the two n’ he caught me as I was passin’ by. But it sounds like he got a glimpse himself. Eleven riders, ten male Apache, all decked. Southwest, then a turn south about three miles away. We all did one more circuit to be sure, and they’re camping up.”
“The eleventh.”
“He was that strange one you said all to look out for. Black fur cape or some such. Real big. He was heels all the way.”
“Lemme see your spyglass, Sergeant.”
‘”Yessir.”
Cuss held it up and twisted it. Lens wasn’t cracked, no trouble focusing up, not much glare off the lowering sun. He’d likely seen what he said he did. He passed it back and turned to Shopek quiet over his shoulder.
“I don’t wanna hear on no demons.”
“Demons?” Frost asked.
“Nor you. It was a man, a big man, southwest crewed with ten.”
“Yessir.”
“It is much more than that, Henry.”
“I said quiet.”
“Dismissed Sergeant,” said Shopek and leaned close.
“Yessir,” said Frost and turned on a heel.
“Henry, the Old Man pursues Strawhan. He will know the man has escaped.”
Cuss slapped the flap aside and ducked back into the tent.
“He don’t know nothin’, Shope. He didn’t know we had two and three milers out there to catch ‘im.”
“We find ‘im?” Pulaski asked.
“Jig!” Cuss barked.
“He would not care, Henry. If they approached him they would be killed instantly. His only concern is for Strawhan. And there are too many N’de about. I can sense them even now…” the Indian glanced at Pulaski kicking up dust in front of the desk. “How nervous they make this place. Surely a scout or raider was watching last night when Strawhan fled. Perhaps even followed to mark his course and report.”
Cuss squeaked back in a chair and slammed his boots up. 
“Jesus, Shope he ain’t got the Injun Nation workin’ for ‘im.”
“Apparently he does, Henry.”
“How?”
“We know what he is.”
“Shit. Berry, you in on this?”
“Demon? No.”
“Can’t figure it,” Zamora said. “Why he need guns?”
“I know what I saw,” Shopek said. 
“Yeah, but he just bring the hoodoo down.”
“Exactly,” said Osbourne. “I mean, if he’s some god –”
“Like Jesus?” asked Zamora.
“No, that’s God. I mean a god.”
“God ain’t Jesus. Jesus is his kid.”
“Jesus can too be God.”
“He ain’t fuckin’ God.”
“Hey!” Cuss dropped his legs. “All intents here, I’m God, so shut the fuck up.”
“We need to go west, Henry. Soon as possible to the Royal and make south to the fort. It’s a steadier track there and minimal equipment, we can beat them. But we must be quick.”
“Or stay here’n nab ‘im tonight.”
“He will not come. He knows Strawhan is gone.”
“You say.”
“It is so, Henry.”
Cuss stared at him.
“If you like, detach a small patrol south to their camp, if they’re still there. However many you would like to see killed. Ten, fifteen –”
“Hey, enough.”
“We must go.”
“So what happens, Shope, we find this fool?”
“I won’t confront him.”
“You refuse t’discharge yer duty under the laws o’ this Terri’try?”
“He is not guilty of anything but chasing Tutt Strawhan.”
“Tutt killed up his own men.”
“The Old Man did no more than would any Committee, given the chance to.”
“That so?”
“We are taking Strawhan to the gallows ourselves. What is the difference?”
“Difference is my say so!” He stalked to Shopek and pointed his chest. “Y’git that? You unnerstan’ where I’m th’ goddamn holy word on this? My territory, my district, my goddamn ass hangin’ out after ev’ry shitpoke n’ cuttthroat comes t’make his play! I beg off, any of us leave folks to sort it out, then start diggin’ yer fuckin’ hole.”
Shopek kept his gaze.
“All we got’s what we said we’d do,” said Cuss. “We oathed it. You did, we all did. I don’t give a fuck who believes what.” 
He turned to his crew, each one. 
“Y’do as yer told by me n’ this Territory. We clear?”
“Yessir.”
“Yes’m.”
“Yessir.”
“Shope?”
Shopek sighed through his nose and looked down. He looked up.
“Very well, Henry.”
“Jus’ like that.”
“I won’t argue with you. When we arrive at the fort, you will see for yourself of what I speak. The law won’t matter. What any of us wants won’t matter. Because the Old Man wants Strawhan.”
Cuss shook his head and snorted a laugh. He pushed past his man and whapped the flap aside. 
“Private! Let’s git a roundup here! We’re headin’ out!”
“Yessir!”
Chapter 23: San Salome Calls
Fort Selden was inside a rectangle wall, another wall splitting it down the center. This had two big arches carved for riding through one side to the other. Mess and training grounds on the one, barracks and stables on the other. 
Straw and the kid came in the gates of the east wall and Straw glanced around, calling up to the guards on the ramparts.
“Evenin’ boys!”
“Quiet,” said the Sergeant, turning his chin where he rode up front.
Old Glory was nailed over one of the arches they passed under. The kid was roped behind at the wrists with Straw wrapped around his middle for his bandaged arm so he groused he couldn’t salute the flag. 
“It’s Un-American!”
“Quiet!”
“Oh, say can you seeeee…”
The corporal leading his horse gave him a cuff on the ear for his trouble.
It was all box houses and long buildings like any fort, set under the walls to make courtyards in the middle. They were dismounted front of the last box on the corner, where the long eastern met the short south side. Guards looked down on their stroll and called to their companions.
Inside was a single long cell running the length, two single ones across either side of the door. Straw got pushed in one, the kid in the other. 
He sat on the board they had against the wall, bolted to the rock with two big iron struts. He looked down at his army pants and riding boots. His sewed and patched shirt. They even let him keep his beater. Shit, all he needed was a coat he could stand at post. 
“Tutt?”
“Yeah, kid.”
“I think we’re sunk.”
He looked over at him on his own board.
“We’re ace high, kid. Relax.”
“Really?”
“What’d I tell you? Huh? I said we’d hit San Salome, that’s what we’re gonna do.”
“Yessir.”
“”Member? It’s all women n’ song, son.”
“Yes sir!”
“Thas right.”
Straw sighed and lay back on his board. He tucked his good arm behind his head.
“Y’got food, music, parties every damn night. That’s all it is, jus’ one big blow, all hours.”
“But you gotta buy in,” the kid said. 
“I get Vicente’s ear one second, he’ll bite.”
“They’ll have found the gold, though.”
“Not all. Shit anyway, old man pulled that much out, gotta be more in.”
“How you gonna claim on it?”
“I ain’t claim shit. I jus’ go n’ get it out. One day, one load, we’re set.”
“An’ he’ll bite?”
“He’ll bite. We got three days there, three back. One day t’convince ‘im. Another two days back to the mountain, a day on it, then…what’s that? Four back?”
“Five.”
“Okay, so tote that n’ there we are.”
“Fifteen days.”
“Two weeks n’ change, we’re lords o’ Creation. An’ he’s offering that at five times the rate, oo it all goes farther. Shit, we can sit down there a year.”
“Then what?”
“Who gives a fuck? Figger it out in a year. Worryin’ ain’t good bidness.”
The kid went quiet and maybe seemed to reckon it. Straw closed his eyes. It wasn’t good bidness. Best bidness was bein’ on the sweet with a man like Vicente. 
The kid wasn’t much for a crew, but that’d change, he supposed. He knew a few folks down Mexico Way. Might still be around. He could cut ‘em in n’ shit, more fools meant more gold out the mountain. If they even hadda dig. Like was, most o’ what they pilfered was still lyin’ about.
All he hadda do was git outta here. Shit, he was lucky he got pinched in the first place. Walkin’ his horse so he wouldn’t ‘make a ruckus’? He couldn’t believe the kid was dumb enough to buy that. 
No, gettin’ outta Selden was problem two. Problem one was the demon. Straw knew like he knew the time o’ day, that fucker was still hot. Lucky he got picked up on that patrol, lucky he met Sparks. Spit n’ thumbs ain’t worked shit on them manacles but he’d been two steps from just rippin’ the headpieces o’ them cots out and takin’ his chances clanking over to a horse. 
Anything to get halfway to Selden, or all the way. He knew the Cav and they’d run him down if they could. If he let ‘em. But if he made it far enough ahead, long enough, he’d make like his horse was spent n’ just put up his hands. Better comin’ in a fort with an escort, any day. 
Otherwise, they’d like turn him away ‘fore throwin’ him in a cell. Wasn’t like he could confess. An’ if he did, they’d have to check. Hell, was he jus’ wantin’ free food an’ a bed? Prob’ly think he was crazy, ‘fore anything else. He’d known soldiers rather take you ‘round back for a bullet than fuss with paperwork.
No, they’d made the right play. Or, he had. He wasn’t sure on the kid, yet. Why he was on his trace like he was, or why he’d helped. Though that moment in the dark watchin’ him dress stung some. He put it outta mind. He wouldn’t think on that or the kid’d get a fuckin’ bullet ‘fore any trip to San Salome.
Like he’d said, he wanted out the army. Well, he was out. And Straw needed a gun by his side if he was gonna press on. He could go it alone, but better this way. Two was always better, if you were number one.
Steps outside then and Straw snorted awake. He swung his legs off and looked toward the door. It ground its lock and Straw stood, thinking it was food or some other show. Hadda be on mornin’, or close. Maybe some bored fool comin’ over to talk tough, though. Get his mind on the gallows.
The man slammed it shut behind and strode between the cells, clearing his iron with that long coat. He turned in front of Straw’s and rested a hand on heel, other with a thumb in his belt.
“Tutt.” 
“Marshal.”
“Openin’ court tomorrow. Yer up for a mess o’ trouble, son.”
“Fine by mine, Cuss. I’ll be here.”
There was a chair in the corner of the long cell. Cuss rattled out some keys and pulled it into the passage. He sat square, hand on his knee. Straw tried to hide his smile.
“You stayin’?”
“I might.”
Straw sucked his teeth and scratched his jaw.
“Reason bein’?”
“Thought y’might tell me.”
“Why I need a watcher?”
“Why you picked up a demon.”
Chapter 24: The Shadowy Citadel
Horses barreled up to Fort Selden, a leap of shapes and shadows caught in the torchlight spilled over the front lot. The wide double gates in the eastern wall split open and a lantern poked out. O’Shea and Bodaway watched from their stomachs under a crescent moon.
The arrivals weren’t army, certainly. Even this far back, it was clear enough it was a small, almost informal group, pieces of words shouted as one man bounced his horse up to the lantern and demanded his way inside. His men were confident and wary, turning into the dark around them one after the other.
They had come from the north, where Bodaway pointed to indicate the Royal Road. 
“That whole area front of the fort is the road,” he whispered beside him, “continuing south. These could be travelers, but are too purposeful. They are not army, certainly. I would say some kind of law, or authority. Perhaps some landowner from Copper Drop sending his men to complain. I cannot figure them to be anyone on our trail, coming from that direction.”
Makes sense, thought the ape. How the hell would they know who we are anyway?
“Let’s go,” said the warrior. He put his hand on O’Shea’s rump and pushed. “And keep down.”
The Indian took to the belly crawl as his own nature, stripped to a loincloth with pistols and knives hung over his back. He’d painted himself with ash and berries as well, to further obscure his dark skin. O’Shea’s fur was plenty black, but he’d left his frock and hat with their horses to make things easier. He wasn’t sure it helped. It was not an intuitive position for him to be in. He could crouch and duck and even roll onto his back, but crawling facedown was something new.
Once again, Bodaway pantomimed the swimming motion required. 
“Remember it’s a slithering. Like snakes.”
The ape grunted and did his best to scrape and swirl and seemingly swim his way through the dust and grit. He felt his rump come up and pushed his own hand back there. He would figure it out. He had crossed an ocean and escaped the clutches of a madman to find his one true friend in the world. If avenging him meant learning to walk on his own hands while singing, then he would do it.
“Here,” hissed Bodaway. 
They were across the road now and into the front lot of the fort. Slow and easy to the eastern wall between the corner and the front gates, stopping for every pass of a guard above. There came the small flares of a few cigarettes as they went.
Bodaway suddenly came to his feet and put himself flush to the stone. He began to unwrap a rope from his waist. There was a hook on the end, wrapped in cloth and the Indian whirled it like a pinwheel, eyes on the ramparts. When the guards had passed, he let it go, straight up and over. There was a thunk and he yanked the line tight. He motioned O’Shea to stand.
“Now we climb. Quickly, before the guards pass again.”
O’Shea grunted and took the rope. It was nothing for him to gain the top edge and he gripped it with both hands and peeked over. The top of the wall was a carved channel, two men wide. The guards started at each end where the torches were clustered, then walked toward one another to pass in the middle. Each were nearly to their corners, about to start back. There was a glint in the torchlight at each of their waists. They looked like…
Bugles?
Then he leapt over the side and crouched in the channel, just as Bodaway’s head popped up. O’Shea planted his hands to swing over and he dropped down. The Indian was falling as the ape stood with his arms out, bending slightly for the catch. He set the warrior on his feet in the tangle of rope.
“See?” he whispered, wrapping his waist. “I told you it would work.”
The ape smiled and patted his friend’s shoulder. It was a good plan. Eknath and the others were watching through spyglasses for their ascent. Once they were in the yard, it would begin. That meant O’Shea and Bodaway had only a few minutes to act.
The gorilla led the way, knuckling in the dark between the wall and the line of structures beside him. They were unpainted boxes with plain backs, small alleys in between. Low, unfinished roofs and no lights inside. Storage perhaps.
Two guards stood either side of the main gates, rifles at arms, staring out into the area beyond. They cast their eyes up every so often for their fellows on the far wall, or at one another for a quiet word. One of them turned his head toward Bodaway once to cough into his fist, but saw nothing.
Ten feet from them, Bodaway crouched and reached for his pistol. O’Shea loosed one with a soft creak from under his arm. Bodaway put an ear to the wall and listened. He held up his iron, the plan being to go on three. He jabbed the pistol slightly upward one, two. He brought his ear from the wall and nodded. The pistol jabbed again. 
Three!
His shot from a crouch, straight in ear of the nearest guard. He was flung to the side, his brains splashing over the planks of the gate and into his companion’s face as he turned for the noise. O’Shea fired over Bodaway’s head, punching the guard once in the chest, just below the ribs. He dropped to his knees and slumped backward before there came even a shout from the ramparts.
“Go!”
The Indian ran for the gates, skidding to a stop before the heavy wooden bar. He tucked a shoulder beneath it, the ape merely cupping it in his palm and heaving it off. Shots popped from the wall behind them, smacking through the wood as O’Shea bulled ahead, banging half the gate wide open in a single lunge. Bodaway ducked outside and hooked his hands on the edge of the other, shuffling it backward just in time for Eknath and the others to thunder through.
“We’re under attack!” came the cry and a bell began to clang. 
O’Shea drew his other pistol and leapt back inside.
You got that right.
Chapter 25: “It ain’t no flesh and blood, Marshal!”
Cuss flicked his smoke and swept the ashes with his foot.
“Wan’t no pet, Marshal,” said Tutt. He looked strange with the one arm inside his shirt, Cuss thought, but they said he got chewed on pretty good. 
“Wasn’t, huh.”
“No bear, no man in cloak. Stop bein’ foolish.”
“Shit, Tutt I said ‘demon’ jus’ t’git a rise, I never thought you’d think it.”
“It ain’t what I think. It’s what is.”
Lieutenant Sparks snored and mumbled something in his sleep. Cuss glanced in his direction. The fuck had that dummy been thinkin’?
“So it wants you on murderin’ his friend,” Cuss said. “How’d you do it?”
“Marshal, I’m jus’ a lowly kind, found m’self onna wrong side o’ the law. I was…what they say? Influenced.”
“Fell in with a bad sort.”
“I did! That’s what happened.”
“And look what happened to them.”
“It’s a terrible thing.”
“Marshal.”
Shopek pushed open the front door and stepped between the cells.
“Mighta been some commotion on the east wall a bit ago.”
“What kind?”
“Ain’t sure. Someone dropped a sack over, or someone said.”
“Which?”
“One’s on the west side. Lookin’ over.”
“A sack?”
“They weren’t sure but you said come say, anythin’ happened.”
“Sack? Big, black furry fuckin’ sack?” Tutt asked. He got up and came to the bars. “You bet not let that thing in, Cuss.”
Cuss pointed to the cell behind him. “He’s goin’ right in there. Him an’ his whole crew. So you play nice.”
“Don’t fool, now.”
“Shit, son. Y’think we fire on it inna dark? Let it run off an’ come back twice strong? Three times? Better we get it cornered here n’ end it.”
“It ain’t no flesh and blood, Marshal!”
“It ain’t anythin’ but.”
“He knows!” Tutt said, pointing to Shopek. “Lookit ‘im!”
Cuss glanced at the Indian, door still open, hand on his hip. Despite the casual pose, the man did look a bit wary.
“Tell ‘im!” Tutt shouted at the Indian. “Tell ‘im this is foolishness!”
“Let’s go,” Cuss said and pointed Shopek out.
They stepped into the courtyard, Cuss eyeing the barracks in a row beside the prison, then ones along the west wall. Full up with men ready at the first sign. He said for some to go casual across the lot on errands, make it look full but the damn fools all wanted to be heroes. Place looked fuckin’ deserted. Early mornin’ though, that might play. Only way the bugle trick would.
They headed toward the righthand arch in the central wall, the part of the front gate just visible along its curve. He could see part of a man’s sleeve there, bent around the rifle at his shoulder. Saw the sleeve disappear as the man turned. Saw calves appear, like he was kneeling. Then Cuss was running as the body slumped back in a flick of blood.
“Shit, shit!”
He said if anyone saw ‘em come inside, fuckin’ let it happen but goddamn play the reveille! How the fuck they miss ten goddamn Injuns an’ a fuckin’ bear scalin’ the fuckin’ wall?!
The crosspiece of the gate spiraled into view and banged down in the dust. Cuss had his pistol out and fired into the air. He heard a thump and a squeal of iron hinges and knew the gate was going. He wasn’t even at the goddamn arch yet.
Horses then, on hoots and hollers and Injuns pounded into the yard, scattering immediately. One was through the arch and headed straight for Cuss. He fired and rolled away, a spear slashing his coat. 
“We’re under attack!” came the cry and Cuss found his legs. He stood and turned to the fleeing Indian, then another one coming out of the other arch and cutting toward the east storage sheds. The man’s fist was flaming and Cuss watched the wink of glass fly toward a roof and smash in a spume of fire.
More gunfire from the gates and it looked about ten of ‘em, sure as shit. Soldiers jerked as heads popped and chests spurted. The raiders danced and wheeled their horses amid gunfire from the walls, more o’ those bombs splashing up the stone and crashing into lockers and barracks. Men poured from these, rifles tucked to their shoulders and kneeling for a shot. Rapid fire from some quarter and Cuss watched four of ‘em snap their heads back, brains all over.
He stayed on this side of the arches, seeing a mounted officer on the other side swing up to a loose horse and waving his sword. Cuss looked and sure enough, an Indian was ripping open another stable on the north side, against the western wall. Soldiers tried grabbing reins and jumping up bareback but for the smoke and fire, it was all foamy screams, eyes rolled white. A handful made it, staying low and trying to navigate the chaos. 
“Marshal!” 
This was Yarberry, hobbling after an Injun and popping a shot. Zamora and some soldiers was beating out flames on a storage shack with coats, Pulaski and Osbourne who knew where. Shopek was aiming in to the crowd, with half a heart, truth be told.
“Get Zamm off that fuckin’ shack!” Cuss shouted.
“It’s a magazine!” Berry said. He pushed Cuss’ shoulder down and fired over his head. Cuss looked and flinched for an Injun clattering by on his mustang. The man leaned off his saddle for the expected back shot, which Cuss gave, then was centered up again and on through the arch. Men on the walls did nothin’ but fire, but the horses were jerked left and right, too damn quick.
It was like some goddamn trick show, Cuss thought. Slidin’ in the saddles, chargin’ for a target then wheeling away. Everyone with them firebombs to part the crowds and get ‘em otherwise engaged. And one of ‘em always took a turn at the still-open gate, a rifle popping.
“Shit,” Cuss muttered.
“What?”
“Back to the prison!”
“What?”
Another burst of flame along the ground and a rider hurled past. Cuss aimed and cursed and ran back himself. He grabbed a passing corporal and shoved him ahead. He shouted at two more.
“The prison! Go!”
Yarberry limped to keep up. Cuss turned his chin to speak and already, saw several of the raiders barreling back outside.
“Damn it!”
“What?!”
Cuss pumped his legs like hell, tearing up dust.
“It’s a fuckin’ distraction!”
Chapter 26: Thunder & Thresholds
O’Shea landed in a crouch beyond the threshold of the gate, snapping out shots like he was made to. Soldiers spun away in sprays of blood, their rifles barely notching in their shoulders. Knees buckled, arms flung open, gouts of piss shot from the front of their pants.
Bodaway had a knife farther in, ramming under ribs and hacking into throats. They both kept by the gates, just enough to push back the initial assault coming from the barracks. Then they left it to the raiders and their fire and drew back to their first position behind the storage sheds. 
The ape shuffled toward the southern wall, holstering and unholstering to reload as he went. He ducked for a roof whooshing up beside him, men shouting ‘get yer coat off, goddammit!’. Bodaway said this was where the prison was, a single box at the corner of east and south. 
A horse screamed and N’de shouts went up coordinating movement to movement. O’Shea and Bodaway right behind the raiders, thin the crowd, then came the fire. N’de into each courtyard and along the walls, rifles, moving away, then rifles again. Pistols into the remaining crowd, more fire, then open the stables. Burn the storage shacks, no one could be certain which was the magazine, or how many. Burn the barracks, burn the ground for smoke cover. Keep shouting, keeping aiming for officers. 
They’d only have a few minutes. Only needed a few minutes. Then the N’de would flee and O’Shea could have Strawhan. Bodaway insisted on coming with. He would see this reckoning firsthand. 
A rope up the southern wall followed and certainly an easy escape with so much mayhem below. Regardless, any trouble up top no longer had to be avoided as it had coming in.
Charity and Bodaway’s quarter horse had been brought with the raiders and loosed into the desert on the southern side. The brave was confident his mount wouldn’t stray. Nor would Charity. O’Shea was certain she felt herself the only reason he was still alive. But more important, she was the old man’s horse. She would want to share the ape’s joy in avenging him.
Another roof went up and more shots cracked from the ramparts. A body toppled and slammed to the ground in front of O’ Shea, thudding with a wheeze of wet air. The gorilla leapt over it and continued on. 
Flashes of the courtyard battle came to his periphery in passing the narrow alleys between buildings. But he could only see the corner ahead. The scoop of blackness where the walls met and just beyond it on the right, a sliver of the prison house.
He had to throw himself against the corner of the place to check his speed, then scrambled up to the door and flung it open. He grunted inside toward a long, empty prison cell and turned with his guns out to the ones left and right of the door.
Empty.
Bodaway tumbled in and caught his breath, aiming a pistol out behind them as the door swung shut.
“Empty?!”
The doors were half open, not a trace of food or piss or clothing in either one. Bodaway went to the one on their right and pulled a key from the lock. He held it up.
“They wouldn’t have let them go.”
O’Shea poked a pistol to the side, toward the end of the short passage.
Next door.    
“What? No, this is the only prison.”
The ape snarled and drew close. He could smell his armpits oozing out their stink of anger and bloodshed, wafting like rendered fat between them. To his credit, Bodaway took a slow breath through his nose, regardless, his gaze steady.
“Old Man. No.”
O’Shea opened his mouth and hissed. He felt his fangs drip down his chin.
“No.”
Yes.
“There is one prison here. One.”
More.
“The tall man has fled.”
“Everyone inside throw yer guns out now! This is United States Marshal Henry Custer Candless n’ you got to the count o’ five!”
Bodaway cleared his throat.
“Should we –”
And O’Shea stormed toward the door, slamming his shoulder hard against. It blew from the hinges in an explosion of screws and hinges, the ape a huge heap behind it. Several shots punched into the thick rail-tie wood, held against him like a shield by his airborne momentum.
It fell away when he landed, slapping with a plume of dust between himself and two men in long coats. Five soldiers flanked these with Sharps rifles, two on the right falling back for Bodaway fanning his hammer as the ape thumbed two from one fist into the old man in front of him, two more for his friend beside.
He crouched for the first rifle shot, emptying both hands at another soldier while the last two ran off. O’Shea glanced at the body of who he assumed was Marshal Candless, given the deep, angry voice and stricken eyes blinking from a scraped and gray haired face.
“You –” it said.
His friend beside stared empty, at nothing, hand clawed to his stomach. Then the gorilla was holstering up and snuffling, swinging, for a rider coming near. A soldier on one of the loosed horses, obviously late in coming to help.
O’Shea knocked him clear with a forearm and caught his own thigh against the bay’s ribs. He centered and squeezed, roaring in its ear as Bodaway cried out and vaulted onto its haunches. The warrior threw his hands around the ape’s middle, shouting who the hell knew what while O’Shea drew from his hips and cleared the crowd ahead.
Buildings burned all around, a storage shed to the side sputtered in black shadow behind screaming men. They sped through an arch and the gorilla aimed for each officer, soldier, fleeing fool and always tried to catch their eye before sending them away.
He pounded over the threshold and yanked the mare’s mane south, growling in its ear along the eastern wall. This exploded in his wake, crying bodies flung into the darkness, flames pouring a fury of smoke over his back. He parted it with a roar and clicked empty pistols out into the desert.
Out at the tall man, somewhere ahead. Back hunched, breathing hard as he soothed his mount with kind words for speed. O’Shea felt the drool flap from his mouth as he leaned to his own and howled the same. Or tried to.
“GO!”
Unlocked from his throat in a guttural shout for the guns and the night and the whole fuckin’ world. 
Not loud enough, not dark enough. 
Not cruel enough, to suit him.
O’Shea Will Return!
HELL IS A SIX-GUN GORILLA
Note to Readers
If you enjoyed this book, please be sure to leave a review. Reviews help rankings and allow indie authors to compete in a very crowded and competitive market.
About the Author
Frank Fronash is a retired fool among many currently living in Mexico City. He's been writing on and off for thirty years, only the last five or six any good. Seeing how anyone can just publish a damn novel these days, he figured why not. He is also the author of Voodoo Bosch.
