

Deepest Discovery

By Christian Cassarly

Editor-in-Chief: Christian Cassarly

Editing Team: Christian Cassarly

Cover Art: Christian Cassarly Cover design: Christian Cassarly

Printed in the United States of America Published by Christian Cassarly

Notice of Rights: All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopy, recording, or other, without

the prior written permission of the author.

Disclaimer: The author does not assume and hereby disclaim any liability to any party for any loss, damage, or injury caused by information in this book, whether such

information is a result of errors or emission, accident, slander or any other cause.

Copyright © 2019 Christian Cassarly








ii






Atlantis	4


Longer Life	15

Submerged Land	21

Submerged Land ( Continued)	23

King of The Deep	40

The Mystery	44

Art of The Deep	57

Deepest Discovery	66

Dark Matter And Energy	83

Super Water	106

Treasure	126

Climate	153

Knowledge Expansion	160

Deep Ocean Meditation	179

Jobs	192

Bioluminescence	204

Support	228

Author Bio	245









iii
1

ATLANTIS


















Our goal is to colonize and discover all of Earth.

When we have done that, then we will have accomplished one of our primary purposes in life. Could you imagine a city like Atlantis, with the most beautiful things imaginable, existing in our world and economy? This is the reality of our future! The beauty of the land and sea will be combined. Both beauties will unify at its best to make the most beautiful city ever imagined. This is a real possibility right now! Our main goal, if we are to maximize our advancement of civilization, is to discover 99.9% of the entire ocean.


4
What would it look like if we walked down an avenue in Atlantis together? We’re holding hands, and we look around. We see the most exquisite creatures swimming above us because of the chosen city’s location. The sky would be the ocean surrounding us completely. Inside the vacuum-concealed protection of the city, there is no crime or poverty – these were things we left behind as we decided to embrace equality. It would feel like all the windows and doors of heaven were opening for us. The only city’s law is that its architecture must bring into full accentuation our most beautiful art, beauty, and technology. We are together in the Very Best of human civilization. This is an idea that can finally be brought into reality.

I think it would feel like all the windows and doors of heaven were opening for us because of the peaceful presence on the ocean floor. Where would we go together? Would we go to one of the hotels or restaurants to have fun? Would we explore the city? Maybe we might just go back home to relax.

Atlantis might have never existed, but if we stick together and start working together, we can turn away from all of these things that don’t matter – especially war-minded mentality.





5
We can come back together through our true power, which is all longevity and all respect, not only for our planet but for all life – especially our species.

We can begin to see that Atlantis might not be something created in the past but is surely something we are to create for our future. This beautiful vision of Atlantis with you is one of the primary motivators of this book.

There were many explorers, like Christopher Columbus, who had the vision to one day find the dream land. This passion can be rekindled with our new possibilities of deep-sea exploration.

I created the book due to the beautiful imagery of architecture that can arise in creation when all land and sea has been discovered and civilized, combining both designs. Atlantis might be the first city, but it doesn’t have to be the last.

Some of the most beautiful artwork that exists are contributions we made from sea exploration. Imagine this art expanding as we reach our goal in this book – we explore 99.9% of the deep ocean.

Our Atlantis, when built, can include the latest technology from NASA, as well as space exploration engineering, military, scientists, medicine, and


6
universities. This technology can offer the very finest of humanity the resources to build our first oceanic civilization; the most beautiful city to have ever existed. As we grow more advanced in underwater civilization, as above is down below. We see now, through the company Oceanix, that we can make floating cities on top of the water to connect our civilizations for complete optimization.

At our current time in history, this is real potential and reality, if we were to work together.

I’m not telling you that I’m the leading to get you there. I’m not telling you that you should be following the words of my books; what I’m telling you is these things are possibilities right now. We don’t need to pause to work on our evolution. Right now it seems like we’re at a standstill because of world affairs.

We can overlook a lot of these things now, so we can focus on the real things that will benefit us and propel us for us to gain one of our biggest goals – to move from primitivism and toward societal ascension. Ironically, exploring our deep ocean for our deepest discoveries will accelerate this ascension.

When I write these books, I’m not focusing on just simple facts, I’m focusing on positive possibilities that will propel us. Talking about propelling into the future,

7
this opportunity, which is available right now to build Atlantis, is something that speaks for itself.

When possibilities arise, do we seize the opportunity?

This city will accelerate everybody in the species and will further unify the world. Everybody in the world will want to visit! It will be beyond any type of Disney World or vacation we dream. It will be beyond any type of alpha city in the world.

Why do I say it is a possibility to build Atlantis?

If you look at the underwater hotels that are being built right now, you can see this is the precursor to our Atlantis.

The last Atlantis we believe to have existed contained the very finest of everything available to our ancestors. One of the deepest discoveries we will find from meeting our goal of exploring the entire deep ocean is possibly the lost city of Atlantis.

These ancestors were even more equipped, and even more than we are now. Were our Atlantis brothers located in the Atlantic?

Somehow, we had lost the technology and means to unify into completion as humankind. What happened to the technology that allowed us to build pyramids and


8
underwater cities? Then again, maybe Atlantis is fictional.

The main point is that in this very moment, I want you to understand that if we had the opportunity to come together as an entire race, we could take the technology from every single country. We could unify it and bring together a city right now that would not only look like Atlantis but could surpass the expectations or imagery Atlantis brings to mind.

The most critical and fundamental aspect of this chapter is that if we were to build a city like this, we would naturally implement the very best of what we have developed, produced, invented, and generated thus far, and continue to update all our advancement into that city.

It wouldn’t be a destination spot; it wouldn’t be a tourist attraction – it would finally be a city generated to have a unified purpose.

Every time we travel to this city, we go to a place with a unified purpose in bringing about the very best.

When I say this is a possibility right now, and you read those words, you get a feeling that resonates with all of humankind.



9
That is the feeling of innovation.

You also have to understand the areas humanity could stop putting so much energy into, so we can free it up to build projects like this.

We already have the highest skyscrapers – they aren’t going to get any taller! We must take the feeling of innovation and resonate together to build new things. How can we implement the finest architecture?

We see in China and Japan that humanity has advanced the architect of skyscrapers that are no longer bound to rectangular dimension, and has opened a new realm of construction.

The massive infrastructures can now spiral in design or are more articulated in spherical perfection and complexity. Our shapes are more aerodynamic.

I’m not saying we reached the peak of our potential on terrestrial infrastructure. What I am saying is, although we continue to build upward toward the sky and it’s a worthy event, we must eventually reverse direction as our population surges.

I am birthing an idea that we can conversely construct on the low rise as we do on the high rise. We can build these superstructures on the opposite level, the direction down into the sea, in the deep ocean.

10
Eventually, a skyscraper can protrude outside the water’s surface, all the way down to the ocean floor. These are technologies we will build and craft, and we can perfect them as we put our differences aside.

Imagine taking a shuttle from a land city to a building with the top of its infrastructure protruding from the ocean– a beautiful tip signifying its enormity below.

You leave the shuttle and take an elevator from that beautiful protrusion down to the bottom of that ocean scraper.

You are now on the ocean floor, where you can work, socialize, rest, and eat. We are already seeing the formation of Atlantis.

There are hotels across the world, especially in Dubai, Sweden, Berlin, Singapore, and Tanzania, where these underwater hotels are so expansive.

If Atlantis existed in the past, these hotels would come quite close to the beauty and architecture of an actual Atlantis today. If you were to include how many of these hotels exist around the world, you would have something as substantial as an underwater city.




11
The possibility exists for Atlantis.

I’m showcasing the miracle that we already have the technology to build vast cities underwater. Our next step would be to create an entire city or community underwater.

When looking at these hotels, it’s very easy to say this is a real possibility for tomorrow.

I think as we develop this underwater civilization that began through these underwater hotels, we can start to harness the technology of oceanic power for electricity at the very deepest source. We can use pressure conversion kits to acquire electricity from the deep.

We will also have self-generating food sources. The city itself could net the fish from outside its walls, automatically bringing in the fish daily through artificial intelligence. Crustacean life would also come to us in abundance.

Obviously, building this city in an area that has the most kinds of edible fish available, as well as crustaceans and plant life, will be crucial.

We can make the city fully self-sufficient in generating water by purifying the ocean for drinking water through distillation from oceanic currents. The

12
pressures for electricity will also meet most needs, as well as our automatically netting our food.

If you research underwater resorts, you can begin to understand the building blocks for our eventual construction of our new Atlantis.

Go online and research underwater ocean hotels, especially in the richer areas of the world. Search “top ten underwater hotels.” This research will help you understand a new possible direction. The closest thing that will come to your mind is Atlantis.

We can see that this Atlantis mindset is reemerging and coming to fruition. Atlantis is arising in these affluent areas of the world. One of the resorts is actually called Atlantis! Today, underwater is no longer a place to swim and fish, but to take a retreat, rest, and sleep.

We have come a long way. The bottom of the sea is no longer for wrecks and ruins, but our resorts and relaxation.

We can now lounge, work, and sleep here.

As our underwater engineering increases, we can build deeper and deeper until, eventually, the whole seabed and seafloor will be ours to civilize.




13
This is when you’ll see that this Atlantis mindset isn’t just about a city – it’s the attempt to civilize the entire ocean floor. With these hotels setting precedence, ocean beds have never been more comfortable.


The precursor to this Atlantean mentality is our unification.

We must trade war for productivity and prejudice for prosperity. This Atlantean mindset is how I would like to introduce this book; however, during our population surge, it will be a necessity.



























14
2

LONGER LIFE


















Scientists  have  recorded,  and  even  National

Geographic has documented the long life of animals in the deep sea.

We’ve seen, through extensive research, that animals in the deep ocean live much longer lives. They are living so long it’s almost biblical.

Certain life and plant forms are in the deepest part of the ocean, as well as coral reefs that scientists have documented to live over 500 years.



15
I know this is an incredible number for most of us to comprehend, but this is a reality currently under discovery in the deep ocean.

I believe it’s one of the most profound discoveries. What we need to do is find out what the catalyst is for this increased life span.

I believe if we go down there and continue to discover and increase our awareness of the deep ocean, then we can have a better understanding of what is preserving life for this amount of time.

Eventually, we will have achieved 5% of deep-sea discovery, then 6% and 7%, until we reach the 10% mark.

Within this expansion to 10% deep-sea discovery, we will have millions of more articles, scientists, books, organizations, and businesses that will bring unsurmountable knowledge to the planet – and that’s only at 10% expansion.

What we need to do is strive for this number within the next 50 years. This takes our mind off minor situations that take up the majority of time in our lives.

One of the primary motivators to discovering this amount of surface area is keeping in mind that all


16
beings down there live longer. Our focus on this expansion will also increase our life energy, as all constructive endeavors to expand usually do.

Because of media, when many people think about the deep ocean, they think of monstrous, hideous and dangerous beings – but it’s just the opposite. Some of the most beautiful creatures that exist in this world are located in the deep ocean.

I searched for images on some new species discovered in the deep ocean, and it was mesmerizing to look at these octopuses and a certain amount of fish. Some of them are the most colorful beings I’ve ever seen in the world. Some of them literally glow with their own light. Is it this bioluminescence glow that causes these beings to live longer? As we go deeper into this book, we learn this bioluminescence is possibly a cure. Can these deep-sea creatures add hundreds of extra years to our lifespan?

What other reasons are there that increases the lifespan of these creatures?

We are finally able to generate knowledge about the deepest parts of the world located in the Mariana Trench, the Bissell Planes, and the Challenger Deep (the deepest portion of the Mariana trench). The Challenger Deep is the deepest known point in the

17
Earth’s seabed hydrosphere, with a depth of 10,902 to 10,929 m by direct measurement from deep-diving submersibles, remotely operated vehicles and benthic landers, and slightly more by sonar bathymetry.

I do believe we will find even deeper areas of the ocean. Let’s not exclude the possibilities in the Arctic, Southern, Indian, and Atlantic Oceans. We know that different areas of the Earth provide entirely different aspects of the environment. One wise man said, there’s only one planet, but there’s a countless number of worlds. So the life we’ll find at the deepest levels of the Pacific Ocean will be completely different than those parts in the Atlantic, Indian, Southern, and Arctic oceans.

We should also be using our intelligence to locate the deepest areas in each one of these individual oceans. Collaborating our data and scientific discoveries in these deepest points can help us find even more information through similarities and contrasts at the deepest areas of these oceans. This information can also help us find the main contributors to increased life span of life in the deepest oceans.

For example, the Mariana Trench is the deepest part of the Pacific Ocean, with our current knowledge.



18
The Puerto Rico Trench is the deepest part of the Atlantic Ocean. What do these trenches have in common?

As we gain more similarities and discoveries at the deepest areas of the particular oceans, we can then expand our awareness and submerge ourselves further in new possibilities at these different depths.

The deep ocean has given us thousands and thousands of new species and millions of new images.

We go deeper, not only in depth and discovery but research and theory. Exploration of the ocean’s depth has equally deepened the mind of humankind.

We must embrace this depth and always apply our discoveries of the deep ocean in our finest science laboratories.

We can then propose much more easily the catalyst for life’s biggest preservation.

Maybe it’s the molecular structure of water. The quality of the water may be so high that it allows the preservation of life to live that long. If this is the case, then we can learn to be proficient at emulating as many qualities of this water in our bottling and distribution.



19
I believe we will eventually travel to these trenches to acquire water for drinking and exfoliation. This will not only be for life preservation but beauty and cosmetics.

I even believe we will incorporate it into our foods at trace amounts. This is one of the most mystical types of youth fountains in the world. Look at how large our youth fountain has become.

This possible youth fountain is so large it incorporates 90% of the planet in which we have access.

Maybe our youth fountain is more extensive than anything we can conceive; an expression of our eternality.

Beings in the deep ocean are naturally living longer than those on the surface by many years. Whatever the case may be, we can all embrace everything that’s down there, as opposed to the hideous creatures that fill our minds when thinking about the deep ocean.

Most of the images of creepy-type monsters seen on the Internet are there to scare us. Instead, we could be discovering the gifts of light that are down there hidden in the darkness.



20
3

SUBMERGED LAND
















(Our hidden world)

While we have plenty of land, it is still only 30% of

the total surface area available to us. The sea bed offers us 70% more where we can expand. One day, all this area will be real estate.

There are supercontinents under the ocean.

Pangea was the name of the original layout of our land above water and its relationship to the ocean. This unified landmass broke into smaller continents that we see in the world today.



21
Being that the world was entirely in a different shape, we see there’s a lot of land missing due to the transformation of the world and arising hemispheric formation.

Scientists have been trying to piece together Pangea since the beginning of sea exploration. The question is, where is all the lost land of Pangea today? It has submerged to the bottom of the sea. The once unified global ocean called Panthalassa has become many. Now, scientists are discovering sunken areas and are as big as Australia from many oceans. One of them is Zealandia.

As we continue our exploration, we will discover many other micro continents around the globe. Experts are calling these massive landmasses microcontinents because they are bigger than many countries on land.

We are also discovering many new islands that sunk to the bottom of the sea.













22
4

SUBMERGED LAND

( CONTINUED)


















Although we’ve been discovering islands in the ocean

for hundreds of years, many once had people living on them.

Due to erosion plate, tectonics, and natural disasters, these landmasses eventually fell to the deeper bottom of the ocean. It’s only now, as we explore more of the deep oceans, that we’re discovering all these parts of ancient continents.




23
Through millions and millions of years of planetary shift, these lands grow deeper and deeper into the ocean because of plate tectonics and continental drift.


And as the land erodes, it simultaneously sinks into the ocean, until it lies latent in the undiscovered deep ocean.

As our ocean’s scientists grow stronger through advancement, they uncover the best solutions to optimally gain access to our lost world.

All people involved in deep ocean discovery are becoming the pioneers of the once-inaccessible explorations of our final frontier.

Just like any painful and difficult exploration, our scientists gain strength by focusing on the deepest discoveries that are now finally a possibility for humankind.

Looking to the deep takes great courage and leadership skills to seize the greatest opportunity of the human experience – access to the larger portion of our Earth.

Many scientists theorize that the majority of Pangea is in this ocean at its deepest layers. We are


24
finally in the position to bring many of these deep layers to the light.

The more technology we build for traveling through the pressures of this deep reservoir of Earth, the more we will discover our lost land we used to call home.

We already discovered a microcontinent the same size as Australia in a deeper part of the ocean; one in which we now have access. The technology to explore the deepest areas of the ocean require further advancement, but there is so much incentive that this adaptation will be inevitable for our future. One of the main intrinsic motivations for scientists, in particular, is piecing together the final picture of Pangea. Just like a specific sequence or code can unlock a plethora of wealth, scientists feel our ancient world is the key to opening the door to many of humankind’s unknown mysteries.

As our technologies become more advanced in sea exploration, we’re going to start re-piecing our entire world.

We will finally map out our original Earth solve many puzzles. This is why I believe our sea exploration should align with our space exploration advancements.


25
When retrieving the pieces of our lost lands, we can look back even further, before Pangaea, to our original supercontinent, Rodinia. Even Pangea is a broken piece of land compared to Rodinia. At this stage of prehistoric history, it may very well have been a possibility that there was no need for water vessels to travel our entire lands.

Rodinia was believed to be a perfectly spherical symmetrical landmass.

When the Earth was created, it produced a perfect shape and symmetry. Imagine our entire ocean on Earth looking entirely symmetrical, complementing the unified shape of Earth’s landmass.

The land was shaped similar to that of a pear. There were known to be 24 supercontinents from the original formation of Earth. There are now only four. America and Eurasia are the main two.

When we think about how much land is left to discover, we can take into account the real motive, in my opinion, to retrieve their geolocation and eventual access.

What is the most significant motive? Is it for scientific information, historical clues, or ecology? In my opinion, it is none of these compared to the most


26
significant motive for exploration. Have you guessed it? The answer is resources.

When we think about what’s inside those lands, we cannot imagine the vast amount of resources available to us.

All the riches that are accessible to us now on Earth are also available in this lost world.

Endless amounts of diamonds, emeralds, rubies, sapphires, silver, platinum, rhodium, as well as lost treasures and artifacts. Hundreds of trillions of dollars of resources are now finally within our grasp!

Let’s also think about lost fossils, the oldest in history.

The main point I focused on in this chapter is that these lost lands located in the deep ocean have within them remnants of historical information about civilizations living on those lands. There are civilizations within our history we don’t even know about because they haven’t been discovered.

Now that we’ve reached the level of being able to discover this deep part of the ocean, these new civilizations will be available for us to learn.



27
We’re going to find fossils, artifacts, treasures, cities, temples, and possibly our deepest discovery.

The timespan within our history books and information in our science books might double. We might receive a whole new conceptualization about history from the deep ocean. We can gain further understanding about life, as we don’t just propose theories about Pangea and beyond, but lay our hands on it.

Remember, the creation of our history and science books are without full access to our ocean and, just like our knowledge, will drastically change from gaining access to 99.9% of land. Our history and science will undoubtedly evolve as we gain access to 99.9% of the seas.

We can answer many scientists’ deepest questions. The most ancient artifacts and fossils can fill hundreds of new museums.

What is this revenue worth?

Here is a brief list of lost sunken land we have discovered.

Atlit Yam, an ancient submerged Neolithic village off the coast of Atlit, Israel.


28
Heracleion, an ancient Egyptian city located near the Canopic Mouth of the Nile, about 32 km (20 miles) northeast of Alexandria.

Sundaland, the now submerged Sunda Shelf.

Kerguelen Plateau, a submerged micro-continent which is now 1–2 km below sea level. Beringia, connecting Asia and North America.

Doggerland, the bed of the North Sea, which once connected Great Britain to Continental Europe before being inundated by rising sea levels during the Holocene.

A large island in the Mediterranean Sea, of which Malta is the only part not now submerged. Maui Nui, once a large island of the Hawaii archipelago; several major islands represent residual high ground of Maui Nui.

New Moore Island, an island in the Bay of Bengal submerged in 2010 by rising sea levels. Pavlopetri, sunken city off the coast of Southern Laconia in Peloponnese, Greece.

Verdronken Land van Reimerswaal, most of this region in The Netherlands vanished in a storm in 1532; the town of Reimerswaal survived as an island into the


29
17th century; the last bits of land vanished in the early 19th century.

Strand, an island off the German coast with the town Rungholt, eroded away by storm surges before being washed away by a final flood in 1634.

Jomsborg and Vineta, legendary cities on the south coast of the Baltic Sea supposed to have been submerged in the Middle Ages.

Jordsand, once an island off the Danish coast, eroded away by storm surges before being washed away by a final flood between 1998 and 1999.

Ferdinandea, submerged volcanic island which has appeared at least four times in the past. Sarah Ann Island, now submerged guano island, located just north of the equator. Vanished between 1917 and 1932.

Ravenser Odd, a large 13th-century town on an old sandbank promontory in East Yorkshire, UK, which became an island and then vanished in January 1392.

Dunwich, the traditional capital of the Kingdom of the East Angles that was lost to the sea by gradual coast erosion and partly by a storm surge in 1286.





30
Dadu Island, which was legally the southernmost point of the United States of America, located at Palmyra Atoll and still shown on the map (an incorporated U.S. territory), was a bare sand islet washed away by a storm in 2014. (It was named after a dog “Dadu” that had lived at the atoll.[2])

Zealandia (/ z i□ ƒ l æ n d i ə /), also known as the New Zealand continent or Tasmantis, is an almost entirely submerged mass of continental crust that subsided after breaking away from Gondwanaland 83-79 million years ago. It has variously been described as

acontinental fragment, a microcontinent, a submerged continent, and a continent.

Mauritia, The ancient continent known as Mauritia once connected Madagascar to India during the Gondwana supercontinent. As India began its voyage north, some 120 million years ago, to eventually smash into Europe, it was split apart from Madagascar and the remnants of Mauritia fell into the Indian Ocean.

I want to remind you that we’re in the infancy of deep ocean exploration.

As we place more importance on these resources, the number of islands or land masses are going to increase exponentially.


31
Dozens of lost cities we’ve never even known about can be right under us with massive amounts of bounty.

These undiscovered lands will also open up hundreds of new museums, create hundreds of new textbooks, and millions more art pieces and treasure beyond our imagination.

If you add all the advantages and resources with the new historical evidence that we are uncovering, we won’t be able to put a price on these new resources. For example, many of the most beautiful diamonds are formed at the bottom of the ocean because the Earth’s mantle is 100 miles below the surface. We can only find most of our most luxurious blue diamonds in this region. The hope diamond is just one of the most magnificent stones we have discovered, yet there are millions more waiting for us. Will this be the deepest discovery?

I’m privileged you have read my book with the amount of valuable information in it because, contrary to popular belief, I continue to point to superabundance to this day.

In the time we’re living in, it feels very good to share with you my perception of our current possibilities.

32
I don’t think there has ever been a time in our history where I would be able to discuss such valuable discoveries. So even though this chapter has a lot of pages, the value I’m talking about here can only be reflected upon. It could be mediated until we find heroes that will take us deeper.

The value of these sunken gold mines cannot be written down as a tangible amount.

One day, our goal will be to record all history. This will be an impossibility if we do not take into account lost civilizations at the bottom of the sea.

Now, when we’re talking about lost cities, we’re talking about those whose inhabitants placed value in natural resources and treasure.

Because we’re in a technological age, we put more value on cell phones than almost anything else, which only cost about 30 bucks to make – it is mostly silicone and plastic.

The people from these times took pride in real resources, like gold and silver. We have so far discovered 250 tons of gold on Earth. I propose that within these lost cities and sunken lands there are at least another 50 tons.



33
How much are 50 tons of gold worth?

I’m not a specialist in precious metals, but what I can say is a lot of this gold is not going to be in gold bars. It’s going to be nuggets nestled in the land’s deeper layers and the treasure from these cities – crowns, bracelets, earrings, rings, plates, spoons, thrones, even statues. We know how much of our early ancestry emphasized gold because of scriptural text. For example, King Solomon in the bible was worth 4 trillion dollars in today’s market just in gold alone. If you liquidated the assets of the richest man today, I would guess it wouldn’t even be in the range of what leaders acquired in our ancestry – this is because our emphasis on what is valuable is different today. We will thank our ancestors very much for these value systems if my proposition is correct.

Another point I would like to emphasize is everything in these cities will be monumental. An ounce of silver found in an ancient land of Lemuria is going to be thousands or millions of times more valuable than silver bullion.

So everything we find there because of its ancient and prehistoric nature will be worth as much as gold.





34
Most historical artifacts are worth thousands of dollars, even simple ones, like rugged knives and utensils.

So aside from gold, everything can be looked at with this level of value.

100% of the moon is mapped out, 100% of Mars is mapped out. But when it comes to our very own ocean, it is only 5%. Do you think there is more land sunken in the other 95%?

There’s no gold on Mars, and there’s no gold on the moon, yet there’s a tremendous amount of gold down there in that deep ocean.

It’s much more valuable for us to explore where I’m pointing to, especially from an economic standpoint.

We are still just only discussing sunken landmass. We’re not yet talking about what’s at the seabed or the golden particles within the ocean water itself.

Scientists estimate there is enough gold in the seafloor to give every person on the planet nine pounds of the precious metal.





35
This is great for investors to know because of the price fluctuations we can capitalize on, as global markets rest their eyes on the biggest possible treasure ever to exist.

Plus, as we become more advanced, we will eventually want to harness our Earth’s core, and this is the first step.

Australian geologist Bernard Wood calculated 1.6 quadrillion tons of gold would exist in the Earth’s core. Can you calculate the worth of our planet’s core in today’s market?

The truth is, we may never advance to the point where we can harness this goldmine, but I do believe we can one day excavate around it, where the densest points of that gold matriculate to the outer layers. With this outlook, we can possibly refine up to 5% of Wood’s hypothesized amount.

Obviously, this will revolutionize our economy, and everybody in the world would become wealthy.

The common denominator when talking with all these scientists is the agreement that the gold content becomes more concentrated the deeper you go. Matshona Dhiwayo once said the most valuable real



36
estate in the universe is inside your soul. This is also true for our planet.

Yet, this book is not about our economy; this book is about the deep ocean.

We do have to keep in mind the value we’re talking about here, and why we should be spending our resources on going in this direction instead of placing more importance in outer space explorations.

Although it is possible to mine for gold on orbiting asteroids, it is much more promising to depend on our own matrix of wealth.

The same amount of resources we expect from our protruding landmasses is what we can also expect from our sunken lost kingdoms.

There’s no humanity out there. But there’s humanity down there, baby - a whole lot of it. A lot of these lands are in Asia. There are billions of people in Asia, and the brilliance of that land is because it’s so ancient. But it’s somewhat more ancient than what we see on the surface.

We’ve just discovered another microcontinent right under Europe called Greater Andria. When we look at



37
the resources on the land in that specific area, we can better predict the resources we can find.

In the same fashion, we can also expect the same amount of resources from our land located in the deep ocean.

Whether we find hidden lands, microcontinents, or more continents in the future, we can apply this fact to predict our bounty.

Some scientists believe that, due to the perpetual motion of tectonic plates, it’s the fate of all continents to ultimately reconnect with another and form a supercontinent.

This means we will find hundreds, if not thousands of more lost submerged islands if we explore enough of the deep ocean.

Whenever finding a new landmass, we can apply the theory of location to calculate resources with that sunken land.

Although not entirely as accurate, we can apply this likelihood when we search for resources at the seabed.





38
All we need to do is identify what resources are on the land above it.

For example, if we want to find a higher amount of diamonds or gold in the seabed at these deeper levels, we can identify land area with a high concentration of this resource and explore the seabed in this area. I believe the desired material will be more concentrated at this juncture than the landmass itself in which we are calculating.

For example, the highest concentration of gold in the world is in the regions of South Africa. We can find the seabeds closest to these mines and excavate - this will increase our yield while using less exerted force and time.





















39
5

KING OF THE DEEP


















What is the deepest discovery you would like to see

from the deep ocean? Is it the greatest benefit to humankind?

The most amazing thing I’d like to discover in the deep ocean is finding out who the king of the deep sea is.

We know the lion is the king of the jungle. We know the eagle is the king of the sky, and we know the great white shark is the king of the ocean. As we go



40
deeper, it would be so fascinating to find the king of the deepest part of the ocean.

What will it look and sound like? Does it glow? How will it move? Does it move around alone, or does it move in small packs, like a shark? Who knows, it may even travel in schools, like much huge fish. How big and intelligent is it? Does it have the capability to love? Is it safe to go near it as a human? What does it eat? How long does it live?

I know when I first asked myself these questions, I scared myself. Still, the more familiar I became with the information of the deep ocean, the more I believe it’s safe to say this being down there - the king of the deep - could very well be beautiful and can interact with humans.

I personally believe even a lion, who was well-fed as a cub, will be kind to its benefactor. Any life form, no matter what it is, will be kind to a human if born into its care and was loved and well taken care of.

It may not be the deepest discovery, but one thing I know for sure is it would be one of the most interesting.

Obviously, this being isn’t something we can captivate, bring to the surface, and emulate its environment, keeping it in a cage.


41
This being is truly free. This being does not have to worry about domestication.

One thing I do know for sure is humans have a very peculiar effect when dealing with the unknown. For years, we have stigmatized the entire deep ocean, our very purest essence with hideous angler fish with long teeth and monstrous faces. This just is not true. We are discovering other variations of the angler fish that are very beautiful and have adorable juveniles.

The biggest enigma of the human mind is it can deviate the most harmless of life into an augmented being of fear and hatred.

If something isn’t familiar with the human mind, then it tends to stigmatize it and register it as offensive.

We saw this with beautiful majestic great white sharks, as many divers are now swimming on their dorsal fins.

We found out they’re not much harm to humans at

all.

Unless of course, you’re on a surfboard and it mistakes you for a sea otter.





42
Many oceanographers and marine biologists now deem utmost ugly and treacherous as one of the most beautiful creatures.

This represents that we are still in the dark in many areas. A response to bringing the darkness to light is to set a goal of exploring 99.9% of the deep ocean.

I think if this being were to be discovered in the future, the first thing we would have to do is remember what we’ve done to many beings when they were unfamiliar.

It took us hundreds of years to familiarize ourselves with great white sharks. Now, all the children sing Baby Shark.

I hope we don’t make that mistake again with the beings down there that we find are more powerful.

Let’s give them their freedom. They are beautiful in their own right.

We can be less fearful and take more courage with the light we bring down deep. It’s not like the ocean will turn into a huge monster and swallow us if we explore it. We need to find the courage and go deeper.





43
6

THE MYSTERY


















The place we have adventured to in this book is the

most mysterious place on the face of the planet. If you look at ghost stories, spooky campfire tales, or even horror movies, nothing compares to the eeriness of the deep. This book points to another place in our current waters, a mystery that doesn’t always have to terrorize or be fearful. A place of truth. The area of our deepest discovery.

The deep unknown ocean, even though so deep, can ironically make us rise higher as a species.


44
I think it is our duty as a species to shed light on the beautiful bodies of water surrounding us.

We’ve done this before in our civilization, where things were mysterious and scary, where we learned and benefited the most. The healthcare field was like this when we were still discovering and mapping out the human body in the third to fifth centuries.

We’ve learned that mystery, especially the most mysterious things in life, is the driving force for our explorations, courage, advancements, and deepest discoveries.

It takes courage to overcome mystery.

What we do know is that mystery is the most interesting thing available to the human mind and intellect because it’s a challenge.

This is why, when you see the most successful books, music, movies, and even humans, they all involve a deep sense of mystery to their character.

This is because there’s nothing more we desire as an intellectual being than to know and discover.

It is this dynamic of mystery that formed the primary catalyst of this book’s creation. I want to discover, and I want to know what’s down there! If I


45
could, I would use my energy to discover everything down there. That’s why I put a great deal of time into this book.

To me, this book was a discovery. It felt like I had the entire ocean in my hands. The information I discovered about the superabundance of possibilities here set me ablaze.

It drove me to research and stretch my own paradigms as my curiosity used me as a vehicle for intellectual exploration and expression.

I was always taught that asking the right questions builds knowledge to fill the gaps of our mind; these gaps being mysteries. Let me ask you a question: what will we become when we have completed this goal of complete exploration?

I ask this because this is 96% of the planet we haven’t discovered. This is the most significant gap within our consciousness. It is the biggest mystery that exists.

Life always produces value on two sides of a coin: this is the biggest mystery on one side, and the biggest and deepest discovery on the other.




46
With this knowledge, we can fully embrace mystery. We can gain courage and look deeper than we have ever done before.

In the book of Luke in chapter 17 verse 21, it states the kingdom of heaven is within you. This also applies to our very own planet.

We need to conquer our planet before we travel higher into space with new spaceships and rockets. Honestly, I think it’s a lack of courage to explore these deep places.

Only four people have been courageous enough to go down to the deepest parts of the ocean. Victor Vescovo in 2019, James Cameron in 2012, and Jacques Piccard and Don Walsh in 1950. This is starkly different in number when compared to the 566 people who have reached outer space. This is another example of our natural inclination of external orientation.

Let’s look at James Cameron. He reached the bottom of the ocean in the deepest location ever recorded - a record-breaker in every sense of the word. His movie Avatar broke 60 global cinema records, including highest-grossing film.

You could literally see this man’s courage laid on the big screen. He wiped out every Disney movie,


47
Superman movie, and every other Hollywood creation in one swoop. Where did James Cameron get this inspiration? Was it possible he was moving toward the deepest discovery as well?

Because of fear, we’re still not willing to discover what’s right underneath our feet. We would much rather build on Mars and maximize our arsenal of spaceships, shuttles, and aircraft.

Is this a subconscious barrier we’re running into? Are we collectively whispering it’s too mysterious? Too dark, and too complex to be a priority?

Luckily, we’ve shed much light on our fear.

It’s not too deep and dark and complex to stop us anymore. We now have thousands of images and hundreds of videos of what’s really down there.

In 2019 alone, there were more than 2,000 new identified species, and these could really push the barriers of your imagination.

Many of these beings are truly alien to us, as we break away from conventional molds of modern species classification and find insight into the mystery of their world.




48
Even though most people are too fearful of conquering our biggest mysteries in life, we can still understand on an individual level that it’s the greatest platform for growth.

As we continue to conquer the pressures of the deep and prosper slowly but surely, we need to call out the modern-day explorers to lead. Heroes will be born here.

We will have the Columbuses of the ocean as we find discoveries that will shift our world and understanding forever.

Our new Marco Polos, Magellens and Alexander the Greats of today will not only touch down in the deep but will also seize rewards that have been hidden in fear and mystery. They will bring to the surface discoveries that will change our world.

A very wise man once said there’s only one Earth, but there are many, many different worlds. It’s now when our future legends are strategizing to seize the opportunity.

I’m quite simply laying out a simplified version of our aquatic abyss’s value as we move toward claiming our worth.



49
One of the main reasons I wrote this book is because I research so much. When I write a book to be the best I can make it, as every author knows, research is required.

One of the primary keys or ingredients for an author to make the pages thicker is to research before you create the chapters. Sometimes I spend hours on research, just to make sure what I’m talking about is accurate.

I want readers to have a complete experience. In this work, I became buoyant with up-to-date current information, primarily because I don’t want a cliffhanger; I don’t want a “To be continued...” I don’t want a sequel or prequel. I enjoy my books to be full, whole and complete, from beginning to end.

With this being said, as I witness the response to current day affairs, I see fear asking to take the driver’s seat as we travel toward possibilities that were once impossibilities since the beginning of time. We have found guilty pleasure in talking about this or that person opposed to reaching for the common light. To explore, fill in the gaps, and solve mysteries.

I love my president, and this book isn’t about anybody personally. As I said, it’s about the deepest discoveries we’re going to find in our leading years. I

50
lived under the presidency of Donald Trump, and I’ve heard people verbally bash this man thousands and thousands of times by my fellow Americans.

Through the whole course of his presidency, because I’m an American, I made a pact with myself to never talk bad about the man. Because he’s the president of my country, I always said good things about him or prayed for him. Not because he is the best or worst president, but because of my desire to move forward and bring light to the deepest darkness. I mention this because we tend to swim in the gaps instead of filling them.

All these events are a call for courage: to act and change. Courage exists to bring light into the darkness, whatever shape or form that darkness represents.

With that being said, let’s turn to the courage we need to discover; the courage to fill in the gaps. This is the courage we need, and we will be rewarded as always with the satisfaction of filling our curiosity.

Every time I heard people bashing this man, my president, like it was perfectly okay, I transmuted my anger into fuel. It gave me more energy to focus on myself and what I needed to do as a man. I saw the true freedom of America and gave gratitude, knowing many remarks made on another leader of a country would

51
have grave consequences. It actually drove me, and it gave me fuel.

This was the time I redefined myself as an author. So much pressure happened around me that it forced me toward my center, gifts, and purpose.

I didn’t succumb to it, like most of my peers around me. Through the grace of God, I somehow found strength and direction instead. My inner self turned my fear, frustrations, and anger into passion. The current times ignited a flame within me because I was just so infuriated that people would talk about my leader like that, and how my leaders responded to current events. I said to myself “I will never speak about another man like that, no matter who he is.”

I felt so alone in response to events that I felt like I would burst.

This is when a new way of life to be an author emerged for me and gave light to readers instead of falling into the darkness.

Now, my main intention is to make readers’ minds glow with new ideas and loving possibilities.






52
For example, an upcoming chapter in this book is called “the bioluminescence of the deep sea.” In these pages, you will see my intention.

I share this because of my own personal discovery acceleration. In our times, as a people, we can fall into the trap of darkness, but by the grace of God it doesn’t have to make us upset, it can drive us to move faster.

I’m praying that even when all fingers point toward a particular person, group, or situation, we can stay grounded within and light a fire.

Flames grew within me as I thought about James Cameron exploring like Christopher Columbus. I was enthralled when I thought about the value I couldn’t calculate that our planet has hidden from us until now. Like a hidden gift until the right time for a lover to receive it, through that grace, I found love in the hopes I had for our future. One of the biggest hopes is to have 99.9% of the deep ocean mapped and explored.

I believe that goal is a mark of our evolution once achieved. I also believe we must evolve our decisions. One of the ultimate decisions for humankind is to be peaceful to all life in the deep ocean. If we can open that door, then we can welcome the possibility for all our needs to be met. All our debts solved. Everyone on Earth, finally with a surplus.

53
We will open the door to more solutions than problems. Whatever resources we have now, we can welcome in hundreds more.

I emphasize it will cost us less money than exploring outer space.

In America, we are currently spending 70 billion dollars a year in space exploration compared to 20 million dollars on ocean exploration. I think these numbers should reverse.

From all that space exploration, we got some great photos and rock samples. We learned more from telescopes on Earth than spaceships in space.

If were to invest this amount inversely, instead of bringing in rocks from the moon and Mars, we would gain trillions of dollars in value. We could tap into the deep ocean for gold, silver, platinum, precious metals, new plants, new species, new foods to eat, and cures. I believe one of the most powerful discoveries of our deep mysterious ocean is the cures we will find.

What resources did we gain from our space travel? We gained pictures and sand.

If we invested the money here, instead, we would obtain riches beyond our imagination. Hundreds of


54
trillions of dollars worth of our precious metals, treasures, and other resources would benefit our economy like a high tide. Yet, the deep ocean is still a mystery, with the only explorer a self-funded movie director to make the cut.

This deep ocean will nourish us at the roots. We will further read how it will purify and expand us and improve our entire species.

Envision a child who never saw his father his entire life. For the very first time, he could meet and embrace his father.

The father is pleased to reunite with his child. He has an abundant amount of resources for the child so that he can grow up solidified in abundance. Now this child can be free and expand his creativity to meet his ultimate potential.

This is kind of how it will feel when we, as a species, hold each other’s hands and reach for this goal. The ocean is like this parent. This is how it will feel when our future generations achieve 99.9% of discovered ocean.

What we realize is that, just like that son shining on his father, the sun shining a light on the land, or bioluminescent life shining a light on the sea bed, when


55
we go there, we will also be light itself, expanding to shine for exploration and completion.

This is how we will discover deeper aspects of ourselves concerning the connectedness of all life on this planet.

This will help us be the most courageous.

We will all feel like heroes with this expansion, and receive the rewards that come with it.

We will all obtain freedom.

We will all thrive and obtain happiness.

It is the missing piece of our development that is now called a mystery but was once called an impossibility, which can remove our borders of scarcity and separation.
















56
7

ART OF THE DEEP


















Artists  can  also  dive  deep  within  their  creative

artwork. Millions of masterpieces will arise. Our exploration will inspire new drawings, sculptures, movies, and music.

One of the most timeless designs and architectures will be underwater mobiles as we move in this direction. Imagine underwater as a major mode of transportation and travel in the future! Not only reserved for the military, but accessible to the entire world!


57
I believe discovery is responsible for birthing the creative process in man. It’s the integral ingredient required in the process of creating great art.

We witnessed, through the Renaissance, that this is our greatest discovery. A new Renaissance can form with current advancements as we find courage in our new civilization. You may say it’s impossible to civilize here due to pressure, yet I assure you global communication was once considered an impossibility. Air travel was also an impossibility at one time. Now we have international space stations in place with full optimization. We should never discredit ourselves due to a pinnacle not yet achieved.

A new Renaissance. For every deep discovered ocean.

As we move toward a new goal, we’re going to discover billions of new things on our way to full ocean discovery.

It’s such a massive voyage that we can view it as the enlightenment of humanity.

This will utmostly contribute to humanity’s artwork, and we’ll see many new works of art. Because these artworks will be so new, not only in creation and design but to our consciousness, they will be worth more than ever witnessed in our art galleries and


58
auctions. What if the most expensive piece of art does not yet exist?

This realm of the new world of bioluminescent creatures will give rise to new colors we’ve never seen before. We’re just scratching the surface of the iceberg.

Bioluminescent, or glow-in-the-dark artwork will transform current art into a new genre. We know art is the most valuable thing in humanity.

If we combine the worth of the top hundred paintings and sculptures in the world, you will understand art’s importance as we expand.

As creators, we can also dive to introduce more value for the world as we fledge in the deep. There will be a new wonderful world for us when we achieve deep ocean mastery. Another beautiful world that will form is how artists depict discoveries with new oceanic art.

I believe this aquatic art will be one of the most valuable things for humanity. It is the last area on Earth humans need to discover.

Because of art, we are not only going to obtain new resources but create them through artistic inspiration.





59
Imagine if Michelangelo lived in our time and painted a picture of the deep ocean. Imagine if he knew how to use Photoshop or manipulate our current art technology.

For every percentage of the ocean we discover, it’s the same as finding an entirely new world on land. These new worlds will drive artists to form compelling creative work.

With this being said, one of the deepest discoveries we’re going to find is the artwork formed around explorations.

My prediction is some of these paintings or sculptures are going to be some of the most valuable pieces of art in human history.

Artists wise enough to move in this direction, whether a photographer, painter, sculptor or digital artist, can increase their success with this new creative energy. Their galleries will rapidly hold unlimited potential and value. This person is really going to become very successful.

For many people who are wise enough to see beyond the facade, today is a new and exciting time.




60
I hope that people can be aware and awake during our present moment’s value.

I’m anxious to see artists taking advantage of this new energy and deep world, and accelerating art to our future as pioneers of these discoveries.

Hopefully, we can witness an acceleration of art through a Renaissance-like force through an age of underwater enlightenment, as all our wealth and possibilities increase in this direction. We have already discovered new bioluminescent colors, new music and new creative architecture from our ocean that will expand the artist’s canvas and pallets forever.

Now imagine taking all the valuable artwork we have and doubling that value because of advancement toward deep ocean mastery. Also, internalize the invaluable exchange of ideas and beauty this new art will develop. What a gift to us all that the deep ocean wasn’t full of monsters and angler fish after all, but rich and robust with glowing loving life.

This loving life is another wave of energy for us that we should hold sacred. This life will create a new market for artists to circulate and auction their work.

Finally! A new genre of art.



61
Eventually, as the masses expose the value of our future, millions of artists can contribute to treasure.

I’m excited to see artists depict these new layers of darkness and light. RESERVOIRS

We’re finding below the seabed deep in the middle of the Earth that the planet holds massive amounts of water and life. This is where I think we will find our ultimate cure.

They call these mass pockets of water, aquifers. They are freshwater reservoirs underneath the saltwater of the ocean. Water forms into these pockets.

They currently found an aquifer larger than the Arctic Ocean, full of this healing water. Scientists scanning Earth’s deep interior have found evidence of a vast water reservoir beneath eastern Asia. Even more recently in late 2019, they discovered a gigantic freshwater aquifer hiding under the salty Atlantic Ocean, surrounding the seemingly tiny Long Island, when compared. Two hundred miles long, this aquifer is ten times this island’s size.

We will discover thousands more of these healing aquifers as we continue in deep ocean exploration.




62
The even deeper discovery they found is that, as we can now search the Earth’s mantle through soundwaves, the middle mantle approximately 400 miles below holds a body of water three times our oceans’ size.


Just like our land is only 30% of the Earth’s surface, the ocean is only 30% of our water’s depth. Many more reservoirs will be common to discover. I believe when we eventually civilize the seabed, these reservoirs will nourish our entire cities.

I believe the quality and purity of this aquiferian water will be one of the greatest benefits to humanity.

So, as we adventure together in this book, we will discover the deep ocean has an even deeper ocean!

Now we’re this deep, my question to you is, what is the best benefit these reservoirs have to humanity?

One benefit is knowing there’s more to prove about our Earth’s composition. Our technological advancements allow us to walk around prideful easily as if we know it all, but we might not even be aware of

a220-mile aquifer underneath our feet.






63

We have global access, and we can communicate across the world, even in outer space yet, we can still be humble and appreciate we still don’t fully understand.

We don’t know much if we don’t know what’s lying underneath our feet.

I think it’s a beautiful thing that we discovered these reservoirs because they very may well be hidden wells of discoveries humanity needs to move forward.

I think if we took all the negative energy from media and social networking and directed it towards the positive goal of exploration and these reservoirs, then we could possibly tap into these wells and receive what I call, “origin minerals.” Minerals that are first formed and free from ionic exchange. These minerals are designed to absorb water.

The composition of rocks and minerals is designed to facilitate the most integral functions of our planet’s origins.

Molecules are designed to absorb water in perfect formation to nourish the deep ocean.

They may have increased health benefits for us because they bring heat and light from the Earth’s core into these reservoirs to nourish life at the ocean’s


64
deepest parts and beyond. Because we’re made of 70+% water, these elements, molecules, crystals, rocks, and organic matter can extremely benefit us, not including any undiscovered metals and elements that may be in these reservoirs and aquifers.

If we discovered one of these reservoirs, as large as an entire ocean in 2020 where we have only discovered 5% of the deep ocean, what a beautiful gift to know our mantle is not completely solid but filled with more healing waters than we can comprehend.

How deep does our water go then?

I think the deepest discovery we’re going to find will be a lot deeper than we think at the Mariana Trench.

It’s a possibility there are trails or fissures within the Earth that have the ocean within it, and that can reach through the metals.

Contrary to popular belief, I believe we will even find water at the core of the Earth. However deep these tracks reach throughout the Earth, it can be likened to blood running through every area of the body; it must reach even the bone.





65
8

DEEPEST DISCOVERY



















What is the deepest discovery?

Will our deepest discovery be the ultimate cure? A new jam? A new stable protein source? A new miracle molecule?

Maybe it’ll be the biggest treasure we’ve ever found.

There are millions of different discoveries we’re going to find year on year.





66
I think one of the most significant discoveries is to know we do have the capability to map out 99.9% of our water’s deepest parts.

It’s a beautiful thing that even in today’s age of technology and remaining on the cusp of the future that we are still quite literally the same type of explorers at heart; that we are sailing the seas. We will always be legendary explorers until we civilize the entire universe. It is our purpose.

Thousands of years ago, we had such an enormous energy within us to explore the entire world. This is why travel and hotels will always be one of our top markets. This energy of adventure to explore the unknown is still with us.

This is a very beautiful energy that enlivens us.

I’m ecstatic that the spirit of adventure is still within humankind and always will be. One of the best things about life is adventure.

I don’t know how life would be for humans if we already discovered everything, where we had nothing else to find.

Only three explorations have occurred in the depths of the deep; at the moment, this is not beyond


67
35,000 feet. How many more of these type of explorers are going to arise? We know we are concerned about the pressures. I believe one day, we will master the anti-gravitational force of outer space and harness it to open up the pressures of the deep, like an impenetrable force field as we light up the deep.

We know each explorer has the courage to go 20,000 leagues under the sea and they will instantly turn into a legend of unthinkable character because of the potential danger and risks of our delayed technology on this level.

How many of these explorers will instantly be made legends by the deep ocean?

Until we have explored 99.9% of the deep ocean, I think millions of legends and pioneers will arise in our history books of the future.

It’s an exciting thing to think about. I am also grateful that these three legends have arisen beyond the pressures of impossibility.

Now we can learn from James Cameron or Victor Vescovo; these are modern-day Neil Armstrong’s and they went down alone to the deepest zones of life.




68
I have faith that learning from our legends will help humanity forward until the end of time.

Our minds can’t really understand what’s down there because of our lack of understanding. It is like a man traveling to a new country and forcing to learn the native language. To him, it’s an entirely different world, yet to them, it is home.

We have to be open to a completely new science and way of life.

We would have never have thought the deep would be a bright bioluminescent world of life. Now, we are finding creatures that can emit light from their mouths and bodies.

I believe the deepest discovery is the person himself when introduced to these ideas. When a person feels hope, superabundance, courage, and inspiration when reading about these wonders of our possible new home and family, that energy is the deepest discovery.

When a scientist or explorer reaches new possibilities and depths and feels that energy of the deep, to me, that is the deepest discovery. The deepest discovery may be different for a particular scientist, engineer, explorer or treasure hunter, depending on his craft.


69
The ocean has always brought us happiness, and it is destined to bring us a new world of more. I’m understanding we’re going to shift our paradigm, but as we focus on our deepest discovery, we will be able to embrace all new things we’re going to learn down there.


Why are we not focusing on our deepest discovery?

We’re focusing on climate change, our leaders’ flaws, or what this or that person did wrong. We are floating in outer space, but doing what?

The space images are beautiful, but we can’t gain any natural resources from these photos.

I think the main discovery for me is to figure out why we’re waiting to put in the resources necessary to facilitate a very large-scale exploration of the deep ocean and facilitate knowledge of its value.

When I talk about large-scale, I’m talking about putting billions of dollars into this advancement. I believe for every billion dollars we invest, we will receive at least 10 in return.

There’s no reason a movie director should be the first person to test the waters with his own money. This


70
investment should be something the government should facilitate on a world scale. Governments should be not focusing on military efforts. The navy has a 207-billion dollar budget, while our government supplies 20 million dollars in ocean research, discovery, and preservation.


The navy will not bring us to this goal. Only together can we one day finally say, “we did it! We mapped out the entire ocean!”

One day, we will want to know what is here more than we want control.

I personally believe one of the most embarrassing actions is to create weaponry and say a country or particular person is doing something wrong when we don’t even know the full layout of our own Earth.

How can I say someone’s wrong or right on something when I don’t even know more than 5% of what’s on my planet? I must stay humble and continue to discover.

Also, when I’m talking about 5%, I’m talking about our deep ocean. We know zero about what’s in the mantle. We know pretty near to zero about what’s in our home.



71
We have to refrain from attacking each other in ignorance and come together to gain more awareness.

We have seismographs and x rays that can penetrate certain layers of our Earth, but even those soundwaves and x-rays can only propose what is inside our planet.

What is the Earth orchestrating at these inner layers?

Can we one day mine our mantle and acquire new rock types of rocks never discovered before? I feel it is a necessity to access Earth and discover what the planet orchestrates.

One of the most critical questions is: how are we going to facilitate the knowledge that’s down deep and then use it on land?

For example, we know over 20 million tons of gold is within the ocean. Yet we believe we will have difficulties in acquiring this gold for profit. What if we can find the predominant factors attracting gold in certain areas of the ocean and facilitate them to concentrate the amount of gold per liter over an amount of time? We also know that gold isn’t just a profitable resource.



72
Life uses this metal in myriad ways. We are even finding health benefits in using gold on and within our body in trace amounts.

Even before we made the scientific discovery of these miracle benefits, we use gold in dentistry, and some of the wisest health physicians from ancient times used gold dust as an antidote.

The secret about gold is edible gold is chemically inert and will not react inside the human body (e.g. to stomach acids). Gold will simply pass through the digestive system and will not absorb. In theory, people can eat as much gold flakes, dust, or salts as they like without getting ill; it’s like any food though - stomachaches are likely to be the result of excess eating.


Although not reactive to the body, gold reacts proactively to almost all elements and metals with us, especially iron - the lifeline of our blood. Because of this, gold is used in surgery to repair blood vessels, bones, membranes, and nerves.

It is now used to treat mental health and nervous disorders, such as depression, epilepsy, and migraines, as well as increasing concentration and awareness. Gold salts also work as an anti-inflammatory and effectively cures pain.

73
Will this oceanic gold hidden within some of our deepest oceans in concentrated amounts be a miracle cure for us?

Will the ocean unveil enough gold to lead us into a Golden Age?

I’ll also share a secret. Gold powder has existed since the beginning of time, used as the hidden magic for beauty. The powder upgrades any skin cream, food, or medicine. It visibly improves skin’s elasticity, firmness, and tone. It reduces scaliness and wrinkles. It improves skin metabolism and helps skin look more youthful and radiant. I believe one day we will mimic the deep ocean and create pools and fountains of golden water in which we can submerge and heal, rejuvenate, and recharge when we receive our bounty from the deep.

The ocean has already given us many gifts, and gold is one of its biggest.

Aside from giving us food and resource to nourish our bodies, it also has enlivened our minds. Let’s look at some of the things we can continue to learn from the deep. We’ve learned underwater sonar exploration. In 1915, Paul Langévin invented the first sonar type device for detecting submarines, called an “echolocation to detect submarines” by using the

74
piezoelectric properties of the quartz. His invention arrived too late to help much with the war effort, though Langévin’s work profoundly influenced future sonar designs.

We have learned much about aquatic echolocation through dolphins and wales. Yet, how does sound travel in the deepest areas of the ocean? Can we learn more about sound, and will it be one of our deepest discoveries?

We are currently learning advanced photosynthesis in that deep coral reefs use bioluminescence to stay alive without sunlight.

Deep-sea corals live in much deeper or colder oceanic waters and lack zooxanthellae. Unlike their shallow-water relatives, which rely heavily on photosynthesis to produce food, deep-sea corals take in plankton and organic matter for much of their energy needs. Regularly, zooxanthellae usually supply coral with glucose, glycerol, and amino acids, which are photosynthesis products. The unique composition of proteins and sugars in zooxanthellae may provide our coral reefs their bright luster and long life spans on a molecular level. I believe we can manufacture zooxanthellae as a supplement for human consumption



75
to increase beauty, and provide brighter skin and longer life.

Likewise, learning how corals thrive with the amount of light available for photosynthesis can also possibly increase our life span.

For example, the corals use a fluorescent protein to make the most of the small amount of light available in their habitats for photosynthesis. In other words, the deep-water corals and their shallow relatives fluoresce for opposite reasons.

Blue light is more useful for photosynthesis, but red light penetrates farther into coral tissues. So corals use a red fluorescent protein to convert the blue light into orange-red wavelengths. That means it reaches more of the organisms’ symbiotic algae, helping the corals to survive by making as much food as possible through photosynthesis. By learning this, we can learn how to apply these light spectrums and wavelengths in therapy with or on our bodies for increased light absorption, creating optimal health.

We already discovered how many new types of minerals in foods and superfoods we have already discovered, like marine phytoplankton, seaweed, kelp and spirulina.


76
I think one of the best things we will learn is how to facilitate water more effectively.

Right now, we only know how water operates at a surface level, but as we go deeper, we discover new ways that water functions. Just as scientists ask how water behaves in the universe where there is less gravity, it is time to ask the same question on its behavior at these areas of increased gravity.

Good questions include: How will water disperse under these different temperatures and pressures? How will water respond to dark matter, and what are new ways we will witness water circulate and how it might express itself?

We will finally learn more about the infinite temperament and character of our water from the ultra-deep.

As we get deeper and deeper, not only will we learn about the benefits of this water at our surface, but we will learn the connection of water at the bottom of the sea.

Personally, one of the most significant discoveries I would love to see is how we will function when our consciousness fully integrates with the discovery of the entire planet.


77
I know discovering the whole ocean is just one step because, beyond that, we’re going to discover what’s inside the Earth’s mantle, and eventually its core.

One day, in some way, we’ll be able to access and facilitate energy at the Earth’s core. When we reach this level, we will already achieve a very high state of consciousness.

I believe by this time we would already figure out world peace. We’d already figure out how to get full abundance to everyone. Yes, I believe one day, everyone will have a superabundance.

I feel the Earth’s core would be our ultimate energy to harness. Ultimately, we don’t really know what the deepest discovery is. We don’t know what we’re going to find down there. The truly beautiful and mesmerizing fact is that we can find anything. There are no limits to what we could find down there.

We can find a treasure, bigger than any we’ve ever found. We can find a goldmine bigger than we’ve ever found, we could find an animal that’s the most intelligent we’ve ever discovered. We can find the largest creature to ever existed.





78
We can find the biggest cure. There are no limits to what’s down deeper. What do you think the greatest discovery will be?

Because let’s face it, everything down there is already down there.

It’s already working perfectly - it doesn’t need us to discover it for it to work.

I created this book to bring readers and people together to work more in this extremely valuable direction.

I’m not an oceanographer, and I’m not a scientist. I was intimidated to write this book because I don’t really know much about the ocean. I always loved the ocean, and it has always been a true friend to me.

My love for the ocean gave me the courage to act on this curiosity and write this book. All the facts I’ve put into this book, exposing what’s going on at these deep levels was a learning process for myself. I learned how it facilitates our growth and benefit as a species. It was really just a work forming from curiosity and ending in awe.

How would we need to work together to achieve this goal? I don’t think it’s possible to only work in one


79
country. This is a global effort and requires unity. This is the same thing about the universe. We can only travel so far in our nationalistic separations.

Is it possible that we light-travel and explore the universe if we work within the force of global unity?

We would have to come together as a species, bringing the finest mind of every nation together.

If we want to travel the deep ocean entirely, the key is to come together as a whole species. This means the outdated mentality of war would have to end. Prison would have to end.

Poverty would have to end to conquer these setbacks and move toward our higher purposes, to bring us closer to our deepest discovery.

It’s really for our main benefit, and I’m pointing once again to the idea that if we want to receive these type of benefits, we need to stay open to new possibilities that continue to present themselves.

The most terrifying action to the collective ego is for races to come together and unite this world. It essential to put our differences aside so we can get things done on a grand scale.



80
I think it’s great we’ve accomplished supercomputer and AI technology. We all reap benefits from global communications.

I can advertise my books across the world through the intelligence of the Internet when I go to sleep. When I wake up, there are hundreds, sometimes thousands, of successful connections through Internet advertisements, and that intelligence can circulate my books around the world. Eventually, millions of people can download my books while I’m sleeping.

This is great, yet I don’t think the Internet should be the focal point of our consciousness at the moment. I think it should still be exploration, and to reach for our deepest discovery.

I would love to see us harness the energy from below the seabed at its deepest parts because the Earth and its oceans only make up about 1% of our planet. Of all the energy located on and within our planet, we only harness .001 % because we are still in a state of discord due to energy dependence. When we truly civilize and evolve, we may eventually gain access to our main planetary sources composed at the Earth’s core and mantle.

I think it would be cliché to say we haven’t even scratched the surface.

81
If we can start to explore the ocean at its deepest points and make these discoveries now, we can turn around our inertia and technological trance and move further to an even deeper exploration, which is to harness unlimited amounts of energy below the ocean. This will give us access to 99% of the planet.

The core is where most of the planet’s energy is stored and located. Why would we need this in the first place? Don’t we have enough energy?

Personally, the only thing I can see is for space exploration programs to tap the center of our world for its energy sources so it can fuel what we need for deep space exploration.

It’s not going to be for military or economic purposes because we would overcome these limitations. It would be to explore the universe. We would have enough fuel for our explorations out there if we harnessed this energy. The first place to start for successful exploration in outer space is first to locate this deepest discovery, which is to explore 99.9% of the ocean.








82
9

DARK MATTER AND ENERGY


















Not only will the deep ocean make a massive amount

of dark energy and dark matter available, but it’s also a possibility it can locate it for us too. For years, our brightest scientists have been on the search for the most elusive energy that exists. They have discovered dark matter and energy makes up 96% of the entire universe. This is an energy we cannot discover with our minds.

We’ve been discovering dark matter and energy in outer space as an unknowable substance that is everywhere.


83
In 1933, Fritz Zwicky discovered that luminous matter was only responsible for 1% of our galaxy. Today, many scientists and privately funded expeditions have hunted for this energy in space, and deep in the Earth and ocean.

This energy and matter compose the majority of our existence, providing hopes of significant discoveries of its properties, and how it can help humankind. Many physicists believe this will be our ultimate discovery because of the way we can harness its powers and properties. In today’s market, because of the inability to manipulate dark matter, 1 gram of its substance is worth 65.5 trillion dollars. This is because of the potential power it harness, and also the reality that we can’t find it. It is one of the biggest mysteries to scientists today. Dark matter and energy defy many laws of physics, and physicists believe if we master this energy, we can also manipulate physics itself! It is also proposed to play a considerable role in gravitation and anti-gravitational forces across the entire universe. We may be able to harness it to defy the laws of gravity.

Scientists also believe it can be a possible source of perfect fuel for space travel because it is everywhere. This means we may have an unlimited fuel source in the future; the most significant dilemma is finding it and harnessing it on Earth. Although the dominant


84
energy around the universe, it is in smaller quantities in the world of luminous matter.

Yet, the deepest parts of the ocean may hold the highest concentrations for what we are searching. We call it “dark matter” because it is intangible to us at our current level of scientific understanding. Dark matter is also not just one form or particle; it is possible it can be composed of dark atoms with their own dark electromagnetism.

I believe we will discover much more about this mysterious energy from beings that live in the deep ocean, who are very familiar with this energy and might even have a symbiotic relationship with it. These beings may also help us locate it.

For example, once we can manipulate where and what dark energy and dark matter is, and we can harness it, then we can find these inhabitants in the deep ocean that live amongst this energy. Once we do this and discover how they react and how their behavior shifts towards it, or any type of signal that can point us in the direction of where it is, we can harness more. Even though dark matter and energy are in super-abundance in the universe, it is scarce in our solar system.



85
This is why we could end up spending billions of dollars on building dark energy detectors.

It’s proposed there is already a type of detector called the ELSD (Evaporative Light Scattering Detector), and some people are willing to pay 100 million dollars to get this thing built because of the benefits possibly located within this dark matter and energy.

I believe that dark matter will be most abundant in our deep ocean. A great alternative to these massive budget detectors is to start investing in deep ocean explorations, especially where this energy has already been proposed to exist.

Just like there are millions of species that haven’t even been discovered yet, I believe there are millions of different energies also awaiting our future.

It is possible dark matter and energy can unlock a lot of these energies; just like hydrogen and oxygen create water, dark matter, combined with luminous matter, could create another form of fine universal substance.

I theorize that because dark matter is such an enormity to the universe as a whole, it would be better detected by life itself.


86
In combination with these detectors, we can find life in the deep ocean that is most aware and interactive with this substance to enhance our discovery of it and its properties that will benefit us. This will save us a lot of money and time. It’s possible that instead of using space exploration tools to locate this energy, we can save much fuel and energy by harnessing even more right on our own planet.

If it is true that dark matter exists closer to the origins of the universe, then at the present moment, we would be the farthest away from the majority of this substance; yet, looking at the origins of the Earth, we can go deep to hunt for this invisible treasure. Dark matter is also linked with gravitational force, and we know it is highest at these depths.

It’s an exciting time also to discover the deep ocean because the beings that live there can be of assistance. Even beings as small as bacteria, paradoxically, can one day help us find one of our biggest mysteries.

You may still be asking, “What is dark matter and dark energy?” Dark matter is matter that emits or reflects minimal to no light but does have a gravitational influence. Evidence of dark matter appears



87
to be present in the motions of stars, as well as galaxies orbiting in galaxy clusters.

Some deposits of dark matter in the universe appear to be as big as oceans and planets. You can see how enormous and powerful this energy is. It also plays a role in the temperature of gas galaxy clusters, and it can come in the form of a microscopic subatomic structure in massive quantities located everywhere across entire galaxies.

Dark energy is the term used for the unseen influence that maybe the contributor or primary cause of universal expansion itself.

Dark matter is something that can shift our perception of energy itself. We know dark matter now composes 95% of all existence.

What we see with our physical eyes is luminous matter, and is only roughly 4% of all matter in the universe. This is how massive this energy is. This ratio of 95% of dark energy, opposed to 5% of regular energy, is why scientists are so fascinated. If we can one day harness this energy, then we can manipulate matter in much more powerful ways than atomic energy.





88
To put this quite simply, dark matter and energy are the matter and energy we cannot locate with our current understanding.

We were once only able to discover dark matter and dark energy in outer space, but because scientists are now growing more explorative in the deep ocean, they have found dark matter deep down in the abyss – some deeper than tectonic plates.

To further understand what can be done with dark matter and dark energy is first to actually discover it and its source. We also need to understand how fine this energy is, and it’s so fine Scientists can’t really distinguish it compared to regular matter because it does not emit electromagnetic energy, nor does it emit light.

We have not pierced past certain subtleties of matter, so within our perception, there is no actual matter there.

Dark matter and energy exist to help form the universe in its expansion and at the very finest, most subtle levels.

Matter may also be true for the deep ocean to be this subtle. We may find things down there that are so


89
fine and distinct that it would be beyond the level of gross matter, just like in deep space.

Trees, rocks, humans, and animals are all examples of the 5% regular matter located in this universe. The real question dark matter brings to mind is: are there beings in creation formed through this dark matter at an ultimately finer level of existence?

We see this through natural birth – there’s no light in the amniotic sac or cells, but because we can bring our light and energy there through diet, sun absorption, and liquids, we can form another being, even though it is in complete darkness.

There is absolutely no light or space within the human body, but still, a being of light is formed.

Looking at creation in this irony makes us realize that dark matter and energy are the ultimate foundation to form intelligent life.

The possibilities I have discussed make harnessing dark matter and energy extremely desirable.

This matter may be the missing link to complete purification of the body. We might be able to perfect any part of the body and live much longer.



90
This energy is entirely free-flowing; no matter can stop, block, or impede its path. Unlike normal matter, dark matter does not interact with the electromagnetic force. This means it does not absorb, reflect, or emit light. It can move through and within anything and is unseen to the naked eye. This property of complete freedom of movement is the characteristic I believe will make this energy so wonderful to work with. We could most likely submerge a piece of matter in this energy for it to be perfected because of its freedom and fineness. This matter may also bring us to a deeper level of creation we have not yet discovered beyond the atomic and electron matrix.

Just like finer pixels in digital photography produces a higher resolution image with more robust colors, the more subtle we can work with energy, the greater understanding and power we will distribute amongst ourselves.

Why is this chapter so important? We can introduce matter with dark matter to optimize our reality, which opens the door for new waves of information and science that will become more precise.

Our attempts at true medicine without side effects and single cures for all will become more concentrated with this information.


91
To give you an idea of how powerful dark matter is, it can produce gamma rays when the dark matter eventually decomposes.

“Dark matter could decay like a radioactive nucleus, producing gamma rays as it does,” Gruen, an astrophysicist at the Department of Energy’s SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory at Stanford University in California, told Live Science.

Gamma rays have the smallest wavelengths and the most energy of any wave in the electromagnetic spectrum. They are produced by the hottest and most energetic objects in the universe, such as neutron stars and pulsars, and supernova explosions.

Gamma rays are also produced when dark matter particles collide. To this day, scientists still cannot find or locate dark matter. I believe because dark matter and energy also produce gamma rays, dark matter and energy is probably located at the hottest points in the universe. In our case, the core of the Earth and our sun.

Gamma ray production is a symbol of how powerful dark matter and energy can be if we can harness it. As previously stated, it can provide the perfect fuel.




92
Here is what I propose.

If dark matter can synthesize and generate massive amounts of light at the most intense level, which is the gamma ray level, then it can thus produce any level of light spectrum below it.

Because all levels of light are below the level of gamma rays, all possible expression of light can be synthesized through dark matter and energy.

Just like most things in life, the darkest things usually have the ultimate level of light within it, and so now we might be able to synthesize light itself through dark matter.

Why is this important for our deepest discovery?

We can use it as a light source in our deep ocean discoveries and, eventually, colonies.

Instead of being dependent on the sun and energy from the surface, we can synthesize our own light through the dispersion of gamma ray particles into lower vibrational waves of light. This can eventually be a possibility if there is the amount of dark matter and energy proposed possible in the deep ocean and below our tectonic plates and seabed.

You can only imagine the possibilities and value.


93
There are many speculative things when it comes to dark matter, but one thing we know for sure is that we find it where there’s absolutely no light. It exerts a gravitation pull but emits absolutely no light.

All the evidence for dark matter and energy used seems to be way out there in the cosmos. Now, it is proposed to be everywhere, and it’s very suspicious that we don’t see any evidence of it here in our own solar system or planet.

Can we one day manipulate dark matter and energy, like regular matter and electromagnetic energy? I think, due to our hunger for power and energy, this will be a very real push forward to focus on these new possibilities.

One day, we may see dark matter devices available to everyone.

Imagine our ability to transmute dark matter into gamma rays, where we could adjunct the intensity of light just through a circular light switch to any spectrum of light we desired.

No longer need for a lightbulb, for electricity, or plugs.




94
What we do know through NASA, and what we’re studying across the globe, is that dark matter and energy can repel gravity, as well as attract things through gravity.

Although not a gravitational force, dark matter and energy are stronger than gravity itself, though they work in unison to shape and form galactic clusters into the spiral architecture in which they are well known. Gravity and dark matter are both similar in that even our latest technologies cannot detect them.

Gravity is one of the four main forces located in our universe. A synonym for gravity is “orbital energy.” Gravity is the force by which a planet or other body draws objects toward its center. The force of gravity keeps all the planets in orbit around the sun perfectly. All things in the universe move in perfect circles, and gravity helps with this order.

It’s a possibility that dark matter might eventually be labeled or classified as another force responsible for universal order. We are beginning to understand that dark matter has both the force to spread galaxies apart, as well as bring them together.

To imagine the amount of energy within this “dark force,” we’re going to have to think outside the box of our normal paradigms to use this energy successfully.

95
Right now, we only know about organic matter formation through our atomic structure, but with dark matter and energy, we are talking about the creation of the universe.

Many scientists and oceanographers believe the highest chance of finding this remarkable energy is at the realm of the deep ocean.

A lot of scientists question how it is possible these lifeforms can live this deep in the ocean. The answer is they are operating with different fuel sources. Is it possible that dark matter and energy is one of them?

We know a lot of the organic matter from the top of the ocean rains down to a certain level of the ocean where these deep creature creatures can feed. But there is a much deeper reality. There is a place much deeper than this, called the “twilight zone,” where even more life exists in super-abundance. When we go deeper, life even becomes bioluminescent.

Can many of these beings in our deep ocean survive primarily from energy?

The ocean becomes darker and darker the deeper we go until it becomes so abysmal, it seems like nothing exists. Scientists question how these beings can live so abundantly in these conditions.


96
Many scientists speculate that the only way life could survive is through seabed supplementation and micro-bacterial sources. What if there is something entirely different on the food chain this deep?

We know for sure that bio-organisms are a primary food source for the deepest life, but let’s look at a new theory. Maybe there is energy or sustenance down there that we have no idea about yet. It’s possible this dark matter or energy could be one of these sources if that’s true. It’s also a possibility that the dark matter and energy accumulated on this planet is entirely stored at the deep regions of the Earth, in the deeper mantles, and a substantial amount can be discovered in our unknown deep ocean.

It’s a possibility a lot of these deep-sea beings can survive through energy itself. Do we have any beings on Earth that can survive only through energy absorption? We know all fish that are no longer living will eventually fall to the bottom of the ocean, and this is also a super- abundance of food for our deep-sea life.

Many oceanographers and marine biologists theorize that the deep ocean could be responsible for the origin of all life. I propose the deep ocean is teeming with most life, and I’m not just talking about on a bacterial level, where, as we’ve pierced this 5% mark of


97
deep-sea exploration, thousands and thousands of new species surface per year. Once we’re able to get to the 10% mark, I guarantee there’s going to be millions of new species we’ll discover.

Only 10% of the ocean’s species have been discovered, and only 14% of all species on Earth have been found. For instance, only 7% of the predicted number of fungi – which includes mushrooms and yeasts – has been discovered. Many of these species can hold keys to cures, medicines, and other amazing benefits to humankind.

This is why I proposed a new goal in this book:

99.9% of the deep ocean discovered.

The deepest discovery for me, as far as understanding what the deep ocean represents for us, is that life has discovered a way to survive without light; even in the deepest and darkest of circumstances, life will continue.

This new energy discovered is not sunlight, but a new kind of energy. It’s not Atomic matter but composed of gravitational force.

This, in itself, is a huge discovery. It’s almost like exploring and discovering a new universe.


98
Opposed to dark matter, all light is luminous. If we have only discovered 14% of the species on Earth, how much energy have we discovered?

If all matter is luminous, and our eyes are mainly designed to refract light, then this is why it is difficult to see the energy that may be around us all the time, yet we are impervious to it.

Scientists propose dark matter is more abundant outside our solar system, yet they still have not concluded where.

It might be in front of our face, yet we are only designed to detect light and absence of light.

The truth is, we have the most colorful planet in the universe. This is the main reason why dark matter may be challenging to find.

One of the most significant oppositions to dark matter is light matter that we call “luminous matter.”

Just like we can’t see love when we are in a hateful state, but undoubtedly still there, it may be possible, though we are fully animated in luminous matter and energy, dark matter and energy are still also there.





99
I believe the inability to calculate or locate dark energy is a premonition of the number of undiscovered energy sources out there in the cosmos, and that may also be accessible to us on Earth. Just as we discovered in the deep ocean, luminous matter is just the tip of the iceberg.

Do you see why there are so many multi-billion-dollar markets to be created in our deepest discovery?

Anti-matter, which is the complete reverse of matter, is very similar to dark matter and energy.

If you have a proton and an anti-proton, then if you have a neutron, you have an anti-neutron.

Even though we have already discovered anti-matter and can synthesis trace amounts, like our undiscovered dark matter and energy, it is worth trillions of dollars. Scientists claim anti-matter is the costliest material to make. In 1999, NASA said it would cost $62.5 trillion to produce a gram of antihydrogen.

Dark matter or energy is even more valuable. Even though we have not discovered dark matter like we have anti-matter, 1 gram of dark matter is worth $65.5 trillion.




100
What I do know is that both of these forms of energy will be more abundant the deeper we go in the ocean. These are two new forms of energy that will be available at the deepest part of the ocean, but there are more.

We have recently found new forms of bioluminous systems of light here. We have long known that bioluminescence exists, but now, through marine life, we have discovered multiple bioluminescent systems, all with intricate complexities unique with specific enzymes and substrates responsible for each particular system and subsystem.

Just like we’re finding new energy like dark matter and anti-matter, we are also finding new forms of light.

We delve even deeper into bioluminescent in another chapter.

It is a form of light that expresses itself through organic life forms. New forms of light are being discovered in the deep ocean as we understand more deeply the infinitude of universal light expression.

The reason I say this is because it might be possible certain expressions of life can only express itself through dark matter – just like we can only see



101
the stars at night. It would be impossible without the absence of sunlight for this light to express.

When we explore the dark ocean, and we understand this is may be the only possibility to find massive amounts of dark matter or energy, then we can look at it as a cornucopia of new energy expanding our beliefs that it can only be achieved by mining and space exploration.

As we continue to discuss bringing the darkest to light, we can thank Vera Rubin for the remarkable discovery of dark matter and how this is an underlying theme of our deepest discoveries of life. It always entails bringing to surface some form of darkness to light.

It’s up to us to have the courage to make as many of these discoveries as we can.

Gravity still existed before Newton had theorized it. Now that we know this new energy exists, we have the motivation to discover new value and resources yet again.

Once again, it is a profound challenge to turn the dark matter theory into a fact.




102
Millions of discoveries can arise through studying and researching the concept of dark matter and energy.

Just like when anti-matter was discovered in 1955 by Emilio Segrè and Owen Chamberlain at the University of California in Berkeley, it was understood that all particles have an equivalent anti-matter particle with opposite charge and quantum spin. We will be vivified once again with enormous force as we move toward discovering yet another energy source – dark matter and energy.

The real excitement is that dark matter and energy are quite different from anti-matter because 95% of existence is proposed to be made of this stuff.

Can you imagine the opportunities that lie in store for us?

The deep ocean is the most feasible location to unlocking the secrets – and possible uses – of dark matter.

Just like the energy accessible at the Earth’s core in forms of gamma rays from radioactive decay and energy from intense heat, dark matter can also be a catalyst to an unlimited energy source.




103
No longer needing electricity, gasoline, solar energy, or renewable energy, it is possible we can just live off dark energy once we can locate and use it.

Dark energy is formless and beyond space itself. Space, with its mass and volume, implies there’s matter with or without it.

It is beyond the scope or ideology of space or time. We can measure matter rotation on an atomic level at 2000 km/s for the speed of electron orbit revolution completion. Dark matter cannot be perceived, so it cannot be calculated. Because it is beyond space and time, and because there are no revolutions of an atom, it may very well be orbitless, which is alien energy to us.

Within this energy, we may discover the timeless aspect of existence. How can we possibly incorporate a timeless element or energy into our existence of matter and space?

I think when it comes to these types of discoveries, we should agree with ourselves to dissolve the idea of impossibility and only work with from the intelligence of possibility.

We’re going to have to embrace a mental position of no limitations that anything is possible to catch this energy.


104
If we don’t, then the benefits of dark energy might drift away. It may dissipate into the nothingness of our unknowingness once again. A question I have to bring us to the deepest discovery is, “What is dark matter’s relationship to water?”






































105
10

SUPER WATER


















The health benefits of deep-sea oceanic water is an

element I allocated an entire chapter to because never before have we discovered a healthier agent to the human body.

We know water is healthy. I have been a nurse for ten years, and I’ll tell you one of the first things doctors and nurses do is to recommend drinking water. It doesn’t matter what the ailment is – it’s always the first line of defense, along with a saline solution (saltwater). Sadly, saline solution is not for public consumption, but I believe it should be because of the miracle properties


106
of combining salt with water. It is the constituent of all life.

There are dozens of ways to desalinate oceanic water with processes continually being developed, like battery electrode deionization (BDI) and temperature swing solvent extraction (TSSE).

Desalination separates salt from the water itself so that the water can be drinkable. This makes the entire ocean drinkable because of our technology.

The reality of countries needing water has already been cured; all we need to do is work together to help and inseminate the technology.

At the level of our deepest discovery, things become different.

Deep-sea ocean water is called DSW, and this water is a much finer form than we have ever known possible. It may even be medicinal, according to scientists; this is because of the decrease of photosynthesis in these depths, allowing the minerals and vital source nutrients to remain. DSW has been proven to contain the highest concentration of all minerals than any other water source on the planet. In my opinion, beneficial minerals for humanity’s health is one of the most valuable resources.


107
The reason there are so many minerals in the ocean is that the ocean sustains life. The deep ocean, however, has over 70 different minerals, as well as new vitamins and minerals never before discovered, called mystery molecules.

This may be the best source of energy for the structure to our organs, tissues, and bones to help maintain fluid balance, blood purity, pH balance, and membrane permeability.

Scientists have discovered DSW to be a premium source of electrolyte replacement for athletes by using it as a type of electrical light health supplementation after extreme levels of physical exertion. It was scientifically proven to double the effects of regeneration than normal drinking water. They also discovered it speeded up athlete recovery time by double.

Right now, we are acquiring the DSW from about 300 meters below the ocean.

I believe the deeper we go, the healthier the water will become.

The first to ever receive water samples of the deepest part of our discovered ocean was Victor Vescavo, who returned with samples at the five deepest points of the sea.


108
As we increase our technology, we can bottle this water for the public, labeling it as the deepest DSW, or DDSW.

As we gain access to deeper DSW, we may very well find new molecule chains and proteins. For example, what is water’s role in the bioluminescence of life in the deep?

The most popular bioluminescent proteins are aequorin, firefly luciferase, and the fluorescent protein, but there are possibly hundreds more molecules and proteins we can discover in this realm.

As we continue to discover life glowing in bioluminescence and biodiversity, we may discover additional components in the DSW that can optimize our health.

It’s also a beautiful thing to learn this art of desalination because of the different properties and minerals located in different oceans. If you go to the Arctic Ocean, you will see different minerals there to sustain the life in that ocean, but if you go to the Indian Ocean, you will see hundreds of various micro alterations on a molecular level to constitute this specific type of life located there.




109
Also, since we’ve scientifically discovered there are 70 different minerals. In this DFW, I believe that can double when we get to the seabed of the deepest oceans we currently cannot locate. If not now, then in the future, in 50, 20, even ten years. If we were to work together, we could start to pump this water to the surface and get the DSW from the deepest part of our oceans. I think this is one of the best investments to make with the technological advancements we have now. The reason I say this is because medicine has always been the first cure, the first for health, and to get better and recover. Let’s not forget that. DSW, at the deepest part, which we can call the deepest DC deep sea water, also contains these minerals from the ocean and within the rock and metal.

What would it be like if 99.9% of the deep sea was discovered?

Many of our differences would dissolve at the sheer magnitude of our new capacities.

The deep-sea water industry is financially exploding in Asia, and now we have significant distributors coming to America to introduce us to this type of water. Water that has been normalized in this country, as well as others, but is unknown in America. And because it’s a billion-dollar industry in Asia, it’s


110
really going to explode because of the health benefits of the water. Kono is the biggest distributor, but there are about five to six in total.

Eventually, when it does take root here and launch, you’ll start to see a lot of these major beverage companies and corporations in America start to put their hand in the pot.

The reason it’s such a great product to sell is not only because of its health properties but because of the water’s purity. There is absolutely no contamination at the bottom of the sea; the water is completely pure, and the temperature down there is also 32 degrees below the average of the normal ocean, which makes for a very fine and crisp-tasting water. Then when you include all these minerals and the benefits of the electrolyte properties in the water, then you get, what I like to call, Super Water.

It’s the ultimate water in the deep ocean, and it’s the best-tasting water. It’s as if we are rewarded for all our efforts in our advancements - that once we can access the deep ocean, we are given the finest water. It’s really such an amazing advancement for humanity because we don’t have to worry about water anymore.

The water crisis is over.



111
Because of our access to the deep ocean, we now have an unlimited supply of water. Not only that, but when we take the desalination process, we can also use the salt, which has 78% less sodium and which makes it a very fine shiny crystal, with all types of medicinal properties, making the skin glow. This is almost like a fountain of youth. Think about how big that is - we’re talking about the entire deep ocean. We’re starting to understand how abundant we are as a species, and how abundant our planet really is. If our planet is this abundant, we can only imagine the universe, and what’s really out there.

Another thing I would like to cover is the bindis - the medicinal properties of the DSW. Doctors from around the world claim this water to be one of the best medicines in terms of cardiovascular health. It has a purifying factor of the blood; it’s anti-bacterial, and it balances the complete holistic process of the body.

They’re finding in mice that it’s curing almost all types of diseases of which we know. It inhibits all these types of growths and even viruses. It also has bone-density properties and can cure osteoporosis.

One of the main medicinal properties I found through my research is that all the minerals you obtain from the deep sea ocean are bio ionic, which means


112
these minerals are in their original form; there has been no alteration to the minerals from ionic bonding. Because the deep ocean is the origin of a lot of molecular production, as well as possibly the origin of life itself, the minerals down there are very pure. They call this bio ionic minerals.

I would like to one day see for us to have advanced or DFW technology to the point where we can literally pipe deep seawater, or at the very least oceanic water across the entire globe. And, through the desalination process, for everyone to have drinking water. This is a possibility because of the unlimited nature of our deep ocean, but we have to take care of it first. This is something that, as I said, show a lot of the possibilities in this book and in my other books, and are really creative ideas to help with the advancements of humankind. One of the precursors of this idea is getting at least to the base or novice level point of taking care of each other, ourselves, and the planet. If we do this, then these higher dynamics and mechanisms of the mind can start to take over within us, and incorporate and introduce ideas that can be acted upon.

We call this deep-sea ocean medicine aeration. It can deepen the healing effect of the human body. When the medicine is introduced with the deep ocean water, there might be an even more symbiotic relationship or


113
synergistic effect that the medicine will have with the water. This means that when it’s ingested, there will be less exertion to break down that pill, gel, solution, or even intravenous medicines like saline solution. This will occur by using deep ocean water that has been purified. The reason I say this is because the deep ocean water is the purest water that exists in the world. And this will be possible because we will have finally made it down there in this lifetime, our generation.

I am so grateful I am in the position to write this book because it was our generation that finally made it down here so we can bring up to the surface the purest water that exists. Now, all our medicine - it doesn’t matter what it is - can be used with the solution of deep ocean water - the purest water - to bring a deeper, better healing medicinal effect.

How will the world change when we discover 99.9% of our oceans? Can you envision the world? Will our consciousness expand like when we discovered 99.9% of land?

When was 99% of land discovered? Archaeologists have revised the dates for when humans first settled in New Zealand. It is now thought humans settled just 750 years ago. This makes New Zealand the last major land mass settled by humans. They came from central east


114
Polynesia. After we achieved this major milestone as a race, we started to understand things better and our consciousness expanded.

That's when we had an agricultural revolution. Then we had an industrial revolution soon after. Now, we’re reaping the benefits from our technological revolution. These revolutions couldn’t have been possible without this complete discovery.

I believe the next revolution will be a planetary one, where we will start to globalize and understand the effects we're having on the planet as a species on a world level.

The climate change crisis and our pollution pandemic is not really a bad thing. As a matter of fact, we needed this so we could understand our relationship with the planet and how intimate it is. I don't think we fully understood how intimate our planet is with our species. It is time to step out of primitive and archaic mentalities, where we are still building caves for oil.

Through our new understanding, we can grow even farther and deeper, and continue to expand and explore. It’s a great thing to know that we have the ability now to discover 99.9% of the ocean. We also know much of what needs to be done to complete this goal. We understand the pressures are down there. We

115
understand the light that needs to be emitted. We understand the money that’s going to be involved. All the research we’ve done thus far can be put together in an organized manner to achieve this new goal, which is to discover 99.9% of the ocean by 2050.

This world is going to look a lot different after achieving this goal. It is one of our most noble goals and many legends will be born on this journey to the deepest discovery. The good news is, any goal that is properly set is halfway reached.

Textbooks and learning science in schools will filled with millions of new things to learn.

I believe when we discover 99.9% of the ocean, science is going to shift dramatically. The whole idea of science is going to shift, just like it is doing now with our recent discoveries on quantum mechanics. Quantum mechanics nullifies much of what is taught in science education yet they still decide to teach it.

Much of science is based on species classifications, and these will thoroughly expand as we are currently discovering millions of new species and their class systems.

I think that another new truth we're going to understand is the diversity of this Earth. We subdivide


116
our species into classes, yet we are discovering these classes cannot explain much of the life in the deep ocean. Much of the class systems used to categorize life are being shattered by the mass amount of new information we receive from respected sources.

In the deep ocean, new species are discovered nearly every time a submarine goes into the depths.

I think we're going to become more universal in mind, just by being in a position to embrace this diversity because the amount of life on this Earth is unlimited. How many new species of life will be discovered once we have fully explored 99% of the entire ocean?

Another area we will see shift is our healthcare system. It may optimize the way we administer medicine because we're going to have full access to this deep sea water.

We might have a basketful of new cures and medicines to distribute to people, and new ways to protect ourselves.

At 99.9% of discovered ocean, our life will be much easier. We will optimize life to offer us an extreme sense of ease. We will have also colonized at oceanic sea beds. Seabed colonization is one of the


117
major solutions to adapt to our rising population, although this cannot be achieved until we decide to break free from our primitive thinking and acting, and decide to operate with complete fuel efficiency - easily possible with the green renewable energies available to us today.

I believe one day we'll be able to understand the power of the salt in the ocean, and realize we can gain massive energy from this unlimited source. As we progress our energy to electron energy, the most viable source of atomic energy is salt water. A full tank of salt water would be able to power a saltwater fuel cell battery for weeks.

We will also be able to hydrolyze many other minerals in the water for additional fuel. We are already taking baby steps in this direction. They have recently created a saltwater fuel cell toy car. You just put a drop of salt water in one of the compartments with a trace of magnesium and it will run. They created this toy car to demonstrate the possibilities for our automobile industry. The toy car is dependent on the magnesium plate, although in the future, as we focus on mineral and electrolyte fuel, we will need the ocean water, which already has the source of magnesium within it.





118
To actually be able to synthesize electrical energy through the introduction of ocean water will provide us an unlimited energy market, which will balance our economy and heal us from the destructive dependence on oil-based living.

This is how oceans can incorporate their energy - through the salt in the water. Hydrogen, solar power, and windmill energy technology are great, but I’m introducing a thought now that the desalination process, as well as introducing salt into the water, can provide the energy needed to allow electrical charge to travel at much faster rates.

We see that the water is teeming with life, but we don’t know how this light we’re discovering in the bioluminescent realm can travel efficiently in the salt water.

This can possibly be a new source of light for us. Imagine introducing bioluminescence synthesized molecules in salt water to produce light. If we find a non-organic replication of the bioluminescent molecules, then we can have unlimited concentrations of it. We could possibly light up the entire world.







119
Could this possibly be the deepest discovery?

We also understand that within our body, at its very base, is a salinity and pH content similar to the ocean. That relationship between the salinity content of life and the ocean is one of the highest forms of health. Now we can bring this relationship even deeper.

The main catalyst for efficient electrical charge and travel is salinity, and the deeper we explore, the more health benefits we find. With the topics we have already covered in this book, I can be sure when I tell you that whatever our deepest discovery is, it will be a miracle.

Looking at the ocean as our main energy source of the future is a major breakthrough.

Due to the fact of its cohesiveness, beauty, and sheer magnitude, if we ever did decide to colonize our neighboring planets and begin our purpose to propagate the universe, the ocean will be the fuel we need to begin the journey.

If we can discover 99.9% of the ocean, then we have all the energy we need.

The view of the world, society, and people will be a very different vision than what we see now. We’re going to see everyone most likely completely united, which means we’re going to be collected in

120
consciousness. Many new possibilities will emerge because of the energy of peace, and we will have unified purpose beyond the confines of borders. No one in the world will be constricted and bound to their country. Everyone will have global access. Borders might still be there, but we’ll all have better access to communication - not only on a technological level but on a physical level.

Right now, we can talk to someone on a computer or phone, but soon, we’ll have the same access on physical levels, where people can travel and go wherever they want. Everyone will have access to the whole globe on all fronts, and this will bring about new powers.

Most new powers will come from exploring the deep ocean. We will master energy like hydrogen, salt, pressure (gravity), current energy, and eventually Earth mantle and core energies. We will have found such a superabundance of resources that we will have no need to fight. We will have traded war and the scarcity mindset to collectively master energy to explore the solar system.

I believe that after we have explored 99.9% of the ocean, we will be the healthiest we’ve ever been as a



121
people; our average life expectancy will probably double.

This is because we’re going to see so many new things in the ocean that are going to drive and motivate us to make discoveries for cures. It’s a possibility we would have successfully cured all major diseases.

Instead of fighting these diseases, we should focus our attention and energy into exploration; then we’ll actually be in a better position not to just fight the disease, but cure it.

Now, when I say, “we will fight it,” I don’t mean we will resist it, but we’ll use all this new energy to focus on the solution instead of the problem. One of the main things we do right now is that we see the problems, and we want to fight, destroy, or defeat it. This just adds to the resistance already there from the disease. But, when we switch our attention and shift our focus to the goals and solutions, and exploration and discovery, then these diseases don’t have a chance to catch up with our advancement.

By implementing this goal of discovering 99.9% of our entire ocean, we will flourish by becoming smarter, stronger, happier, and ultimately more whole.




122
By thinking this expansively we're going to have a connection with the planet that's so deep we will turn into planeterians; guardians of the Earth. This will be such a liberating time for man to state he has explored 99.9% of the world and ocean.

This is one of the most remarkable accomplishment for man. It is a symbol of his wholeness.

We know that by discovering everything down there, it will be the same feeling we had when we said we’ve explored the entire world. And we know now that it’s no longer flat. These huge remarkable discoveries are going to come and huge paradigm shifts are going to occur once again.

False ideologies are difficult to breakdown. The main ideologies that need to be broken down today are our energy misconceptions and our assumption that we still need to operate on a scale system.

So, we’ll most likely all respect animals by this time, and have excellent relationships with them. We will have evolved as a race before our complete discovery. By this time, many of our real cures will have arisen and governmental oppression will have ceased.


123
When people go to school, they’re going to have profound knowledge taught to them about the medicines and plants, and the true value of the Earth. We’re going to know how to perfect our diet, our gardens, our food sources.

We’re going to, most likely, be completely green efficient. By that time, as far as our energy is concerned, the world is going to be a really nice place to live.

And this is going to give us a platform where our space travel is going to reach more extreme depths, not only for our telescopes but for our physical space travel too. We will have stepped foot on different planets.

Automobile modulation may have advance to the technology of our current space tech, although it will be completely green efficient. This will apply to flight as well. Eventually, our space tech will extend to our underwater mobiles, like ROVs.

One of the most interesting things I think is going to arise when we discover 99.9% of the ocean is the number of heroes, legends, and explorers that will arise. There is going to be a whole new textbook full of explorers that will be legendary.




124
We’re talking about real Christopher Columbus’s, Vasco de Gama’s, and the James Cook’s of the ocean that are going to be legendary when we colonize these deep ocean beds with underwater deep cities.

Can you imagine the Magellan’s of the deep sea that will rain to the surface? Our new cures and our new treasures in our new goals? That our economy will change, and the way we live will shift?

We can also keep this in mind. A lot of these things I’m talking about are my own creative vision for advancement, but a lot of them are common sense at 99.9% of expert exploration down there. These heroic legends will arise for our children and us to follow forevermore.





















125
11

TREASURE



















Could you imagine how much treasure is at the bottom of the ocean?

Could you imagine us discovering 99.9% of the ocean, and that all the shipwrecks, fallen cities, and hidden treasures on the seafloor have been found?

Could you possibly imagine how much all this treasure is worth?

In a previous segment of this book, I briefly explained that a lot of this treasure is going to be priceless, but even just the weight of the gold and the treasure itself is going to be worth hundreds of trillions of dollars.


126
In 2018, a shipwreck with over $22 billion worth of gold was discovered at the bottom of the Caribbean off the coast of Columbia. The ship, dubbed the ‘holy grail of shipwrecks,’ marks the most valuable deep-sea treasure haul to date.

Over the years, and as technology has improved, more and more discoveries on the ocean’s floor have been made, proving that treasure chests don’t just exist in pirate tales.

One of the deepest discoveries is the sheer amount of treasure in the deep sea. These treasures are getting bigger and bigger the more of the deep ocean we discover.

This is also the biggest surface area of the world, so we can expect to find the deposits of gold, diamonds, gemstones, rare crystals, and the biggest amounts of resources we have ever discovered.

The biggest gold mines ever to be produced will be here, proving to be hundreds of times larger than any gold mine in history. Deep ocean diamonds will be flawless.

There’s even going to be new types of pearls and gemstones we have not yet discovered and that are entirely native to the deep sea.


127
Aragonite and aquamarine are gemstones found only in the ocean, and we may find many more stunning crystals.

The treasure I am pointing to does not include the fossils and artifacts we’re going to retrieve. Many fossils can lead us to new types of animals we’ve never discovered.

We might find new dinosaurs and fish species from ancient times, and maybe even discover new ages that existed before the Mesozoic period.

Could you possibly imagine all the fossils down there and their worth in the museum? Some of these skeletons and bones are worth millions of dollars. The price of fossils is also continually increasing.

When we have explored the entire ocean deep, we will uncover millions of these types of fossils.

We’ll be able to open thousands of new museums from our complete discovery. There are a lot of questions that will be answered, and a lot of money to be made.

The main thing is to understand that we need to choose to work together for this deep super- abundance to acquire this type of priceless treasure.


128
Instead of continuing to hate each other and our brothers, we can love each other and discover the deep ocean together.

Right now, it’s inaccessible to us because we’ve been fighting each other all this time. If we weren’t in primate-based conflict with each other as a species, we could have probably discovered at least another 5% of the ocean by now - possibly even 10%, if we allocated our military funding as a species toward advancing ourselves and exploring for these resources. Yet, we are still left in the dark.

I do know this: I know that instead of getting all this super-abundance and treasure in the ocean to make us prosperous and happy, we are still operating millenniums later with the same animalistic mindset. Instead of getting all this gold and diamonds, and bring this deep ocean heaven to Earth, we’re settling for all this tension and resistance from one particular disease called war.

These riches are inaccessible to us. We could have discovered hundreds of trillions of dollars in treasure we missed out on because of our conflict mentality.

We still have no idea what’s going on in our very own ocean because the consequence of hurting others in life is our very own ignorance.

129
Right now, it’s a great time to decide before it’s too late whether we want to get these riches and treasure to truly be super-abundance or continue to waste our lives and resources so we can fight each other.


If we make the smart decision and we go down this route of super-abundance, then there are scientists who will dedicate their lives to discover this ocean with us.

They’re in the labs all day, dedicating their lives by looking under the microscope, searching for new species and cures. They sacrifice their lives and families to search for the deepest discovery.

Countless men have given it all so we can continue to evolve and live the life we have the potential to live.

We have to understand that greedy politicians, who depend on oil and war for a profit, impede our progress.

We can focus now on these super resources I lay out for you in this book, instead of media and mediocrity. This is at the expense of our future.

They’re telling us the same thing on the news every day to control our vibration, while there are literally quadrillions of dollars’ worth of resources to claim.



130
Could you imagine what these gems look like in the ships of these travelers that were first here in the world?

They had no concept of limitation. There was no issue of overpopulation.

They would take tons of gold on their ships from one side of the Earth to the other so that they could expand.

What if we do find Atlantis, or even lost cities that have sunk? The treasure to be found is too expansive to be concerned about mundane issues.

The space between the Earth’s mantle and the deep seabed is also an ideal place for gold and diamonds. We can retrieve a 1000 more tons of solid gold at these depths. This would quadruple the economy alone! Do we need to quadruple the world economy to make sure everyone has enough? This treasure is the solution to our needs, and our deepest discovery should be our highest priority.

This is the new Gold Rush. Imagine the California Gold Rush times a million.

Not only a gold rush, but a diamond, pearl, and a RUSH of every other jewel that forms under intense


131
pressure and heat. One of the deepest discoveries is that the deep ocean and below is where we will find our biggest and most colorful diamonds and gems.

The combination of our mining and future discoveries of ancient kingdoms, lost cities, and shipwrecks, can solve any economic need on this planet as long as we grow from the primate- based mentality of war.

Imagine wearing jewelry from new-found gems that we could only find in the deep ocean.

Discovering these new types of jewels will be a significant part of history. It will be like the first time Incas or Aztecs discovered emeralds or the first time humans found diamond, amethyst, and sapphire.

We need to regain momentum to catch up to our evolution by discarding primitive mindsets. One day, it will be a piece of ancient history the first day we explored the entire ocean. Let’s reach this goal while we have the opportunity.

These deep-sea gems are going to be the most royal. They’re going to be more luxurious and splendid than even the most exquisite diamond and gemstones discovered today.



132
Just the same way we’re watching these fish and these octopuses glow in the deep, it’s possible some of these gems might have the essence of bioluminescent. Could you picture a glow-in- the-dark diamond?

Also, the hope of finding lost kingdoms in the deep the size of Atlantis is quite real.

Cities formed at the beginning of human history may be down deep. We have found dozens of lost cities, and exploring the deep ocean may reveal hundreds more.

Will a lost city of gold be our deepest discovery?

Right now, we have been focused on economic shortage for a long time because our economy is built entirely on the 30% of land and water we have so far discovered.

When we discover 99% of the ocean, we can account for this additional 70% of surface volume and 90% of space to our economy. I believe this is what is required for humans to truly flourish with a complete economy.

Our economy will triple in worth, at least during the early stages of our complete discovery, and rise by hundreds or thousands of times when we master the deep.

133
Hopefully, we can also triple our intellect and ethical standards too.

We can have all the resources in the world that will come from thinking more optimally. We can also triple our love, our acceptance, and our peaceful nature.

I know our higher intellect and our most optimal selves will be necessary for our deepest discovery because tripling the economy can bring triple the problems if we do not live within a certain level of governing principles.

Although I don’t presume it’s possible to explore this ocean to receive all its treasure, if we aren’t working together globally, we must evolve past certain primitive technologies originating from outdated paradigms for us to reach the entire bottom.

We are not being punished by God or the universe for our stupidity; the chief punishment is that we’re not reaping the rewards of the most beautiful treasures by now.

These treasures I point to in our deep ocean are a reward for our peaceful future and human cohesiveness.

Unfortunately, we choose to fight each other instead of exploring and discovering our finest. One of


134
the main punishments for our deeds is that we don’t even know what’s on our very own planet. We still don’t know the truth.

And even the bottom of the ocean, as I explained before, is just the tip of the iceberg. One day, necklaces will be available full of deep ocean gold, diamonds, and rubies. Even the label “deep ocean” increases the value of anything once you use it!

Any resources found in the deep ocean can potentially be worth ten times more than any other material because of its rarity.

If you find a diamond in the deep ocean, it’s worth ten times more than if you found one in a mine on land. Deep ocean diamonds and precious gems are some of the most beautiful materials available on Earth.

This is another reason I feel achieving 99.9% of the ocean is the deepest discovery and most valuable.

If we put together all this treasure, gold, diamonds, minerals, metals, artifacts, and fossils, and combine them with all the new resources we will find, financial prosperity would be available to everyone in the world.






135
Our deep ocean economy and our regular economy would be like a $100 bill in one hand and a $10 bill in the other.

I also think one of the greatest treasures in the deep ocean are the ones we will create for ourselves.

When we decide to expand these underwater hotels into communities and eventually cities, we will have achieved discovering Atlantis. These cities will be society’s gemstones until we can introduce our lost home of underwater societies back to our civilization.

I believe this is a primary goal for us to have as our population increases. The key is to distribute these resources evenly to everyone on the planet. We will finally have the true abundance of the world at our disposal.

This 70 percent of water, when explored, will uplift us on 30% on land. Or in 2015, 20% on land. That means all of us.

This deep super-abundance is something we should all strive to imagine.

So what happens if we don’t go down there and explore and set these goals?



136
There are consequential effects of not using our resources to gain more resources.

Have you noticed today that many people aren’t using the resources available to acquire more resources or for advancement, but use resources primarily for ourselves through consumerism? These products we obtain through consumerism are really pseudo resources.

Why are we not totally immersed in the wonderful life of exploration?

Sometimes, when I answer this question for myself, the answer is usually needing more clarity of mind and confidence.

We need to really explore why we don’t explore and live this life of adventure for which we were created.

Maybe we feel our job or role is something we have to do.

We were born to explore, and in this chapter, we look at the effects of what will happen if we don’t prioritize our purpose.

Sometimes guilt holds us back.


137
We have to be less than what we are, or we must think less intelligently to fit in.

Maybe we feel like we can’t live a life of fullness because of what we did or did not do in the past.

Maybe it’s just conditioning.

Some people wake up in the morning, and they do the same routine over and over again, and even though it might not be the best routine, it’s the same one.

Even though that person might know there’s a better way, they might not take it because they’ve been doing the same thing every morning for the past ten years. We are creatures of habit, and truthfully, the majority of people are not the most adventurous.

Many people have no idea that books of adventure like this exist.

Many people wake up, put on the TV, eat their cereal, freshen up, get dressed, and then it’s off to work.

Yet inside us is a legendary adventurer waiting to explore the deep.

The power of mediocre habits keeps the man living a suboptimal lifestyle.



138
Suppose you saw this man and said, “Hey! The best thing to do in the morning is to exercise. Maybe when you just wake up, you can focus on your best thoughts. When you eat amazing foods in the morning, like green vegetables, your body has the best metabolize, and you will have energy all day. You’ll have a much better day because of these lifestyle changes. Even if you were just to do these three things, just focus on your highest thoughts in the morning. Eat a lot of fruits and greenery and exercise.

“Not only would your life improve, but you’re going to make more money, you’re going to have more energy, you’re going be healthier, and you’re going to live longer.”

The guy responds, “Yeah, yeah, yeah. Take your own advice.” Or, “Maybe one day.” The next day, he wakes up, and guess what he does? He pours his cocoa puffs.

It’s not because the man doesn’t know, he has been taught. It’s because of habit. He’s going to wake up in the morning, and he’s going to eat his cocoa puffs.

So, when I tell you the facts in the same sense, and that it would be a much better route to use our resources to gain more resources, a lot of people who are leaders will say, “Yeah, yeah, yeah” and they’re going to wake

139
up in the morning and keep planning the same way towards consumerism and capitalism, instead of funding our brightest scientists, engineers, and explorers.


Many of our scientists, as bright as they might be, are habitualized to research in their comfort zone.

The deep ocean is outside our comfort zone.

We have been habitualized into also believing that deep space is the final frontier, and this is our priority of the future.

Although this may be true, after exploring the deep ocean, it is counter-intuitive.

There are a lot of resources in outer space, but none nearly accessible to the ones in our deep ocean.

It takes seven miles to get to the deep ocean - it could take us lightyears to find as many resources in outer space.

That’s a trip to my grandma’s house in the next town, instead of taking a rocket ship and flying it into space to find resources.

But once again, I say this is a habit of long-lasting prioritization on exploration focused on externalities as

140
opposed to embracing new possibilities within our Earth.

What has gotten into the mind of man trying to colonize mars and explore the entire universe, and we still don’t know the names of the crabs at the bottom of the sea?

Let me tell you a secret: the Mariana trench is the deepest part of the ocean.

As a matter of fact, we don’t know anything about the deep ocean. We have only briefly explored 5% and minimally.

We first found the Mariana trench in 1875 using a weighted rope. They tossed the rope over the ship called the Challenger Deep until the rope hit bottom 27,000 feet below.

But in today’s current technology, we now have eco-sounding, as well as sonar capabilities that can operate the deep seafloor and locate the depth. We also have ROVs, which are underwater drones, to scurry the deepest areas of the ocean.

But even these technologies cannot circumvent the areas of the ocean that may very well be occluded.



141
We know all life on Earth has occlusions to protect deeper layers or reservoirs of their environments - this is true for all habitats on Earth, as well as the ocean.

Until we’re able to advance our technology to physically go down there and locate the deepest layers of the ocean, then even the Mariana trench can very well just be a surface-level area of the ocean, considering the planet is very well-equipped to protect these deeper ocean layers that might hold benefit for the ecosystem.

These occlusions, or protective barriers, cannot be picked up by even our highest sonar technology or eco location.

We should have evolved from 1875 to locate a deeper portion, but, unfortunately, because of our priorities and governmental spending, we have not.

Twelve astronauts have walked on the moon - a lunar body with absolutely no resources - and only three deep-sea explorers to have gone to the deepest areas of the ocean we know of, which holds absolutely all our resources.

As I said, the reason we are impeding our progress is that we are not deciding to let go of our primitive mindsets. We have completely green renewable energy,


142
and we are still enabling the old oil investors. We have global communication and technology in every household, yet refuse to let go of our nationalistic outlooks. We have revolutionized healthcare with stem cell research, yet we are still at war.

If we were to let these things go 75 years ago, after learning the consequences of hurting other humans on a world scale, I believe we would have set foot on Mars by now. I believe we would have explored at least 20% of the deep ocean and received that treasure, awareness, and knowledge.

Yet, we are still fighting.

We have to crawl before we can walk and swim before we can fly.

There have been 56 Mars missions so far, yet if I were to ask what the biggest fish of the deep sea is, no one could answer.

We’ve achieved deeper vision through our telescopic lenses, and we have also achieved satellite technology, which impacted and benefited man in a deep, beautiful way.

Yet, we cannot say this direction is our deepest discovery. We can explore the entire universe and


143
access its edges, and we still will miss out on the most significant gifts we could find, which are right beneath us.

Christopher Columbus would not sail the magenta and the Santa Maria if Spain weren’t fully discovered. It would not be the way of the wise explorer.

In the same orderly fashion as smart discoverers, we can move towards our ideal discovery. Optimizing our exploration technique will allow us to know the full lay of the land and our planet Earth. Let’s do this before we try to discover what’s lightyears away.

Once again, we need to analyze why we are going the other way. Maybe we’re not scared of heights as much as we’re scared of the deep.

There’s a chapter in another part of this book, where I talk about the things that we’re scared of might just be the most beautiful in the world.

Victor Vescavo talks about how beautiful and mesmerizing the deep is. He was amazed at how much energy the Mariana trench had in its stillness.

He said, “It’s not dead. It’s not scary. It’s alive. It’s beautiful. It’s mesmerizing.”



144
The characteristics he explained of the deep seabed was the complete opposite of what they’ve depicted in the media for over a hundred years.

Media has portrayed our future benefactor as an ugly creature that lurks deep, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea. Yet, according to the two only explorers who have explored, it is the reverse.

James Cameron, when asked about the deep sea, replied, “This is my church.” The bioluminescence of life is not the ugly pictures of our media sources.

Victor Vescavo said, “It’s alive and calm and peaceful and beautiful. There’s so much energy.” He is now taking people on deep missions with his own funding.

June 7, 2020, Kathy Sullivan visited the Challenger Deep, which is the deepest part of the Marianas Trench, which, in turn, is the deepest known part of any ocean.

She was joined by Victor Vescovo, who commissioned and piloted the vessel that brought them there as part of their mission to map this little-traversed part of the ocean floor.

So, once again, maybe the reason we’re not discovering this is because of our fear. Maybe it’s not


145
that we’re not scared of heights, maybe we’re scared of the depths. Perhaps this is why we’ve taken hundreds of space crafts and brought them to the moon, but we only have eight people in our history who have gone on to discover the deep ocean.

This book is to bring us to a place where we can overcome that fear.

This is not a scary place. There is not a huge Loch Ness monster that is going to gobble our children and us.

The species down there are kind and peaceful.

The deep is naturally alive. It’s peaceful; it’s tranquil, it’s calm. It’s a safe place to be. Not only is it safe, but it is a spaciousness we have never experienced before on Earth.

This is such an important topic that I used it as a canvas for my work. Every book is a canvas for an author. Authors are artists; only we’re not using paint, we’re using ink.

The deep ocean is a vast canvas to cover, yet I had enough information to make it possible. At times, this book seemed like it was sinking to the bottom of the ocean itself as I tried to ponder how I would depict the ocean with us only exploring 5% of it. Yet, the

146
motivational factor of this adventure book was thinking about the consequences of our future not exploring 99% of the sea. It is vital to complete the work, so people realize the importance and beauty of our stigmatized deep abyss.

I took the job and completed the work the most creative way I could - through authorship. We have a lot of videos about deep, and a lot of articles and excerpts rub the surface, but we don’t have a book yet on the ocean’s full discovery. If it weren’t for my heart-felt desire for human advancement, we possibly would never have a book on the ocean’s full discovery for the next couple of hundred of years.

The book is not a “what if” piece of writing. It’s a look in the face of our entire species’ phobia and stating that fear of the deep sea is warranted, but there are far too many benefits and possibilities for us to keep looking the other way.

Even the largest being in the sea we’ve discovered, which is the whale shark, is an amiable animal. We’ve befriended this animal for as long as we can remember. It’s been kind to us, and very friendly.

Knowing this fact brings hope that even though there are many faces in the ocean, even the largest beings down there are kind, and we can work with them

147
directly. We’ve also seen this with the great white shark, where certain divers have been able to befriend these creatures, swimming on its fins. We swim with blue whales because we know they are friendly. Just like the entire world has been loving and accepting to our kind, the deep is another embrace life has for us.

Long-gone is the fear of Moby Dick and Jaws. We have evolved and shined a light on the true temperament of these creatures in relation to humankind. Now, it is time for us to shine our light on the darkest area - our deepest discovery.

The ocean is here to help us. It’s been helping us since time began. Like Victor Vescavo said, “It is alive.” The kinder we are to the ocean, the kinder the ocean will be to us.

A great way to expedite the full discovery of our ocean Is asking the question, “What if we don’t explore the full ocean?”

One of the first things that came to mind is our pollution we let fall down there.

If we don’t have access to the deep, we can’t clean up. It’s integral for our planet to be cleaner to explore the entire ocean, not only just to explore it, but to clean it up.


148
The solution to our clean up is in my book Green Planet which I released in 2020. That book is a blueprint to the immediate solutions to our climate rebalance.

In that book, I state the highest motivation factors to clean up the planet and switch to our new biodegradable plastic.

This will be the easiest alteration in the way we use products to benefit mother Earth permanently.

The more we use these types of plastics, the more of this type of stuff goes into our deep ocean, and, unfortunately, we don’t have access to it.

Another consequence of not going down there is that we will lack a considerable part of the discovery of our species. I believe one day, all life should be lovingly interacting.

If we procrastinate, our lifestream will miss all types of information in connection to the origins of our species. We’ll lose out on many possible kinds of classifications in genus family and classification, which could be restructured. Massive classification systems are being restructured right now, even through the minor discoveries we’ve already made.



149
Think about all the animals in the deep sea we won’t ever know about if we don’t start focusing on courage instead of sub-optimality and phobias.

We know the most beautiful thing in the world is the ocean. We still don’t know how beautiful it really is.


When we discover the other 95%, we will open massive amounts of beauty - not only to our life and the way that we live it but to our minds.

Our minds are going to expand in this type of beauty of knowing what’s down there - all these new shapes, colors, designs, and architecture of creation.

After pondering these consequences and envisioning all this, the biggest impact of not going down there and exploring is that we will lack a sense of completion.

We’re a human species that loves the art of completion.

When humankind starts something, humankind finishes, and if we don’t, there is a lack in us. I know this is true on an experiential level as well.





150
If we do not embrace this goal, it will give us a sense that we have not been able to conquer our darkness we were not able to bring to light. Imagine if humanity united for the first time to explore the entire ocean.

We must unite and stay active, or we will fall into destructive mindsets.

Collectively, we are bearers of light, and through our quest for our deepest discovery, we shine the light toward any darkness that may shadow our discovery.

We are masters of this light and have been harnessing it since the beginning of our creation. Our purpose is to shine this light into the darkness with our hunger for understanding the unknown.

We must bring this light inside our planet and illuminate it within before we can go anywhere else in this universe.

We must explore the entirely until this light of understanding is complete.

I’m not talking about sunlight - although the beings in the deep will eventually metamorphosize from the light we will permanently bring - I’m talking about the light of knowing that we all crave at our core.


151
I hope that this book fills you with more light as we continue to explore the deep ocean until we find our deepest discovery.

This, in my opinion, is the most dreadful consequence - this sense of darkness of choosing less important goals for our human species and not completing our ultimate goals and purpose.

One of our primary purposes as a species is to discover.

We were given intelligence not to beat each other up, not to be at war with each other, but to use our light together to unveil the darkness to find our reward.

Let not the ocean remain a majority of the darkness of the unknown. Let us have joy and explore and bring as much light as we can.

This is what has always given man the ultimate sense of wholeness. It’s the sense of completion through the miracle of discovery.











152
12

CLIMATE


















Right now, we have a global recognition that we

need to help the climate. There are certain things we need to do to change our living circumstances so that we can help the climate.

The ultimate assistance to our planet is the ocean. It acts as the ultimate guardian, and we should learn the purification force of our deep ocean.

It’s what regulates the temperatures and purifies the water.


153
The deep ocean is similar to our rainfall. The rain comes to the ocean and nourishes all plant and oceanic life.

Just as life consciously depends on rain, life also unknowingly depends on the deep ocean and the deepest resources to renew and purify the water and the world. As above, so below.

Just as cycles occur in our rainwater and ocean levels, we will discover all types of new cycles at the deepest points of the sea that will enlighten us to new understanding as we continue to learn.

Also, the rain cycle is not just a superficial event.

For the ocean to absorb rain for proper penetration, the rain has to make its way from land to ocean, where the ocean permeates the purity, and on a grander scale, the cycle rises back up. The rainwater and deep ocean water are the purest waters of Earth. They are the most uncontaminated.

When we talk about assisting Mother Earth, we include the purest part, which is this deepest aspect of our world.

Let’s keep in mind the power center of our planet - the deep ocean - when improving our climate.


154
We’re now being more mindful of what we’re putting into the water, which is something we weren’t really thinking about a couple of years ago.

Ultimately, we must rise above the idea of pollution and become masters of our green renewable resources. This will help the ocean in places where we do not have the capacity to explore in the present moment.

After properly examining the benefits and power of our deepest existence, it should be a motivator to fully explore, purify, and protect our unknown underwater world.

It can also be motivation for us to get to the bottom of the seafloor and clean the debris and pollutants that have managed to travel this deep. It is embarrassing, to say the least, that we are at a time in history where our pollution can travel farther in our unexplored sea than us.

As we take on the role, not only of explorers once again but of planetary guardians, we will learn a tremendous amount of knowledge about the ocean’s purification system and how to take this force from the deep ocean to help us on land. I believe we will learn things that will revolutionize our technology and way of life.

155
When we fully learn the secrets of how the ocean purifies itself, then we will be one step closer to our purpose as a united species.

The deep ocean is such a powerful purifying system that we’ll be able to bring things down there to completely purify them.

For example, let’s say a person is sick with a micro-organism or viral infection; it is possible that many of these ailments will not be able to survive this deep, and the person may be completely purified.

We could possibly find forces beyond our imagination that can heal many health concerns.

Complete purification is possible because the mechanisms down there purify the entire world.

If the deep ocean can purify the entire world and the entire ocean itself through its relationship to the Earth’s mantle, as well as taking into consideration the temperatures down there, then it’s very possible that we could link into this purification system to help our health and to cure disease.

Who’s to say that the deep ocean will not be the ultimate cure? The final frontier to finalize our gifts



156
from life and provide us the last treasure we are always seeking? Youth, beauty, cure, and health.

We can start taking courage in the fact that we have all this space to discover, and that we can overcome anything occurring due to climate change. We can start to treat our planet with the respect and dignity of knowing all that we will discover down there.

Can we respect this vision of a planet that’s able to heal itself?

It doesn’t need us to do anything.

The deep ocean is eating all the damage we have created. It absorbed all of it. Mother Earth absorbed everything and continues to love us.

Think about it, after all we have desecrated, we’re still going on vacation and enjoying ourselves.

I just went to the beach today to get a tan.

People are still exploring and enjoying life on this Earth because the planet and the deep ocean are absorbing all this damage, eating it like it’s nothing.

All we have to do is stop damaging it, and it will take care of the rest.


157
That’s all we have to do. We don’t need to clean or do anything.

All we have to do is stop. This is the best we can do for our home.

The planet will take care of the rest.

We can’t even imagine what our kind will discover when we have explored 80 percent of the ocean.

That’s why I wrote this book, so you can have a better idea of what’s down there.

We’re talking about what we need to do to heal the planet, yet we can’t even imagine what the goal of this book would look like.

I’m trying to tell you what’s down there.

The deep ocean absorbs all our destruction.

The planet doesn’t need our help.

All we need to do is respect the planet.

By respecting the planet on all fronts, we can offer it a gift.





158
By respecting the planet, we can provide it the opportunity to heal itself. This the biggest gift we can provide our living home. This is the key to our climate.










































159
12

KNOWLEDGE EXPANSION


















Knowledge expansion is the most important aspect

of this book. This chapter is very important due to the psychological and physiological benefits of learning.

We know that learning builds confidence and increases serotonin levels. This influences our mood and behavior and dramatically improves our lives.

Look at where we are today from all we have learned.




160
We need to resolve this fear of going into the depths and dive deep so that we can learn more. We control our own thoughts best when expanding our knowledge.

When we sit idle, our thoughts are in a different vibration. They become disarrayed as opposed to being collected. Idleness prevents us from acting, which is our only source of experiential knowledge.

With the help of focus and concentration, we can achieve our greatest knowledge and learning until we find our deepest discovery.

The more that we learn, the greater we become.

The greatest learning comes from finding what has not been discovered before.

It’s one thing to go to class and learn what everyone else is learning, but it’s a completely different level of knowledge to learn what’s never been learned before.

If we stay on this coast of deep ocean expansion, and we keep learning, this will lead us to the ultimate level of learning, which I call the deepest discovery. I believe this deepest knowledge is here.



161
The psychological and physiological effects are very beneficial when properly learning.

We increase our ability to focus and concentrate, especially when learning a lot.

This increases our capacity, which enhances our genuine creativity. This all happens through the magic of discovery.

We can very well increase our brainwaves. We might even synchronize our brainwaves just by going into the deep ocean. It might have this effect where the ocean will help our brainwaves synchronize and connect because it’s so quiet and peaceful.

Ultimately, this will improve our learning and ability as we need our greatest intellectual faculties to interpret and research the unknown deep portions of our oceans.

As for now, books that offer learning about the deep ocean give us the closest benefit to actually going down there.

Did you know that when we learn, we increase our emotional stability?





162
Our mind becomes younger, and it ages at a slower

rate.

To achieve our goal as a species to explore the entire ocean, we can remove the bad habits of focusing on things that don’t advance us and become more productive through learning. This deep is the biggest classroom. We can advance by providing ourselves the knowingness of discovery.

We can gain a deep developed intuition through the art of learning.

It’s important to list the benefits of learning because when we learn about the deep ocean, we will learn the deepest knowledge ever obtained.

We have evolved to a certain point, and now the deepest learning will occur.

Learning is powerful. It improves all our relationships at home and work, and it dramatically increases productivity.

Learning can also boost intuition.

Uncovering the deep ocean will sharpen our species and improve every aspect of our lives.




163
Unveiling the larger picture and learning about the deep ocean will expand our knowledge and bring the power I point to in this book, and unimaginably more.

A larger picture, in our given situation.

So, it’s time to prioritize and dissolve issues that impede our right to this knowledge expansion.

Let’s regain our purpose as discovery and place our eyes upon the most important learning at the moment - the learning of the remaining areas of space on our planet.

I believe that by learning this deep ocean, we will solve even more complex problems through our deepest discoveries.

I also believe that the complex problem-solving abilities to successfully explore and map 99.9% will expand humanity and enrich us.

Every human being has the ability to solve complex problems, but when we work together as a species, unimaginable possibilities will occur.

This goal of exploring 99.9% of our ocean is one of the unifying goals that can bring us together and expose this miraculous energy of collective consciousness.


164
This goal will also develop our willpower.

Can you imagine how much willpower it will take to achieve this? Conflict and divisiveness will only impede this extraordinary opportunity.

The deep ocean is the deep ocean, but on a deeper level, it is a spiritual expression that makes us stronger. Think about how strong we have become to travel the seven seas and explore all land on Earth. To our early explorers, with the technology they had available, the goal of exploring 99.9 percent of land seemed more unbelievable then our opportunity to explore the deep today.

It’s willpower that you will get from conquering the sea.

Eventually, we will conquer, and the greater communication between land and deep ocean in our race will be like the communication between the two brain hemispheres. Atlantis gave rise to the possibility that our oceanic existence and civilization are as integral as our terrestrial habitat.

The seven discoverers who went down there have so far set precedence and paved the way to bring our earth exploration to completion.




165
I believe this completion and eventual civilization will assist in interhemispheric synchronization of our brain structure as we bring another complimentary dichotomous existence together once again.

It’s possible that our expansion to oceanic civilization will assist in communication between the two brain hemispheres of our mind and make our brainwaves a lot more peaceful and synchronized. I believe this shift occurs as a result of our global capabilities and access and will continue to increase as we move toward bridging the gaps of our capabilities until we reach conscious collectiveness.

The benefits of this are increased intelligence, health, and strength, and being able to react more quickly and effectively to stressful events.

What we need to do more than anything in this current circumstance is to not be reactive but proactive. For the first time, we have the opportunity to further evolve and gain access to the entire planet. We should not trade evolution and squander it due to low vibrational emotions.

We’ll discover new thoughts, beings, places, sounds, and colors that will expand our knowledge more than any other exploration. The achievement of exploring the entire deep may double or triple the

166
knowledge we will ultimately have in the future. Maybe even more.

There’s nothing more inspiring than new thoughts. Billions of new refreshing thoughts will travel across our world, even by finding one universal discovery because of global communication. This is the knowledge we are destined to achieve in our future full of bright opportunities.

It is learning new things that increases our perceptual ability and performance. As a matter of fact, new thoughts help us to increase to higher intelligence.

When we get to this level of higher learning or, in this respect, deeper learning, then our intelligence will grow, just as it has from our deepest discoveries from the past.

I think that one day, we will advance so quickly that we will operate from higher thought systems than what we do today.

Compared to how we function today, it will seem like a higher level of species.

We will advance our intellect rapidly when certain paradigms within our species change, and we achieve a certain level of freedom and respect for one another.


167
Right now, I feel we have hit a state of regression. It’s 2020, and we are in the heart of the new millennium, yet we still drive diesel trucks and pay for gas.

On a personal level, when we increase our intelligence, every aspect of our life becomes more satisfying.

We have to understand and grow a deeper sense of gratitude for learning what’s possible in the deep ocean and all these benefits available to us.

These benefits will not only present themselves on an objective level, but also through our intellect on our minds’ level.

When understanding the capacities to evolve and initiate a more expansive mind through this discovery, we can respect the life we will encounter for the first time and even love this new life.

I believe that by the time we have the ability and intelligence to explore the entire ocean, we will have surpassed the primitive mindset forcing us into harming beings that are not harmful to us.






168
If we can be more social and kind with our behavior, this exploration will become not only a scientific one but also a spiritual journey.

First, we must overcome the addiction of dependency to treat other beings less. We need to rationalize this because we have more resources and intelligence.

Anyone who says that harming another being doesn’t take away your sleep is lying.

We need to cure our insomnia through the eradication of ignorance.

We can take rest in the understanding that gaining knowledge does not only come from learning information but from a successful effort to eliminate the ignorance that causes resistance within us.

By increasing our sense of responsibility, we can decrease ignorance and promote a higher view.

Anon-judgmental viewpoint and increasing empathy will enhance greater learning and this in-depth knowledge where our deepest discovery lies.






169
If we take this goal seriously and aim for our deepest knowledge, then we will have to give everything we have to discover 99.9% of the ocean.

Tolerance to all life is something that will fuel our discovery and make it more vivid, colorful, and captivating.

With this composure, we will be more considerate and constructive down deep as were explore in a unified state, as opposed to gaining a competitive edge. It doesn’t matter what group or nation you stand for; this knowledge we will surface will forever change the face of our future as a whole.

I believe the knowledge we gain will be so incredible that we will become more stable and balanced human beings.

This is the definition of emotional maturity; learning in its fruit is the intellectual or the scholar, who exudes emotional maturity.

Now that we covered the benefits of learning, I also want to cover the spiritual benefits because the ocean is a spiritual place.

This may very well be the most peaceful place that exists, a place where miracles exist.


170
I believe that spirituality is the ability to find peace.

When you go with your family to the ocean, you know that it is a very spiritual thing when you get back home, and everyone’s happier.

You have all the benefits of the sun and water abundance for free.

Even in the Bible, Jesus’s greatest miracle was with water - from turning it into wine, walking on it, or calming it in the storm.

The spiritual aspect I highlight is that it provides peace of mind - not only from the space and quiet but from the super-abundance.

Just as we have applied throughout all of history, the biggest truth is that happiness and spiritual benefits become greater and greater the deeper we search for meaning. Oceanic exploration at this depth will provide us the opportunity for a renewed sense of meaning as we discover millions and millions of new facts and discoveries.

To keep things in perspective, Let’s try to imagine if our planet was like Mars, and we were living beings where everything in the world could survive without an ocean. The world was completely solid, like the


171
majority of planets within this universe. Do you think we would be happy?

When answering this question, you can see the ocean for what it really is - a gift.

In this writing, you can discover the purpose of appreciating this gift, the ocean, the most colorful, mesmerizing body in our existence. As we are now discovering, these mesmeric and colorful qualities do not stop at these depths.

The gift continues to go deeper and deeper.

Not only is the ocean itself a gift, but it also contains billions of life forms that are like miniature gifts to us.

As we offer compassion to these beings throughout the entire ocean, it will glow and flow within us.

I believe that the beauty is so massive that we can achieve self-actualization through knowing its deepest truths.

One thing that I know for sure is that it makes us wiser.

A key to life is that we understand ourselves better when we increase our understanding of our planet.

172
Having knowingness and striving for this knowingness that all humans desire in life is interconnected with understanding how our planet, the main universal expression in our life, fully operates.

By searching for these keys, like the ideas implemented in this book, I believe that it will bring the body, mind, and spirit in harmony.

When these people came back from discovering the deep Mariana Trench, the first thing they said was the amazing amount of spiritual relaxation they achieved.


I think we’ll be able to accept ourselves more as a species, knowing we did right by fulfilling our mission to discover the entire planet.

I believe that one day, human’s spiritual benefits will merge into unified energy that will bring about freedom and forgiveness to all life. As a species, we will be a benefit to all life as we progress on our path. Having discovered the entire deep ocean, all these beings will also benefit from our intelligence and spiritual maturation. All life around the universe will know humanity as planetary guardians of Earth and the life within it.




173
One thing I notice among all life except humanity is the energy of forgiveness. Nature instantaneously gets over things and doesn’t hold grudges. Granted that animal life does not know how, it still does not give us the excuse to operate below the beastly kingdom.

When we get this change of attitude, we can access deeper portions of our world and come closer to discovering the creator or secret to creation that made the ocean.

Whether you call it God, the universe, the self, or enlightenment, there must be a place where this energy wants us to discover it. The Bible talks about distinct places where God presented himself among his prophets to show his face. For Moses, it was the burning bush; for Noah, it was on the ship. We see in all scriptures that there are certain distinct places where people discovered their truth.

I believe this is true with humanity. Could the deepest ocean be humanity’s burning bush?

This greater inner direction will bring us to the present moment in the ocean. The present moment, that’s floating peacefully within this deep ocean.





174
We will create a deepened capacity to love all beings there as we grow in understanding, and we receive the benefits of the super-abundances.

The intelligence orchestrating down there is beyond our intelligence - it is conscious. Being more conscious of the deep will provide us more power.

Together, as we put together the final pieces of our planetary existence, we will experience the nectar-like energy of oneness as we place even more gems of knowledge and understanding into the future of our race.

In my eyes, the ocean is the most beautiful face of God. Formless, shapeless, deathless, yet enjoyed by all.

The future discoveries in the deep ocean will point to this energy of connectedness and oneness, as opposed to how we operate through separation and division in our modern-day.

Do you agree that the deepest discovery of our race will increase life’s synchronicity?

This book has been written to be a full deep mental exploration of the deep sea. Just by imagining this goal being accomplished is the closest thing to it being achieved in actuality.


175
My hope is that we gain enormous benefits outlined in this book on a mental level, just as we would by claiming this goal achievement as our reality.

Our brain structures have shifted entirely due to the full discovery of the land on Earth. Our thought processes were completely different before we discovered the full lay of our land and our scientific discoveries to date.

Think about how our brain was wired completely differently in the BC era and in the early AC era compared to the brain of an individual living in the world today.

This shift will happen again.

By the time we discover 99.9% of the ocean, our brain structure will be entirely different.

The deeper or vaster we explore together, the deeper and vaster we become.

Look at space exploration. Neil Armstrong said it best that one foot on this is one small step for man, but one huge step for mankind.






176
From that time until now, look at how much we’ve jumped in advancement technologically and economically.

So when it comes to knowledge, through science and education, there is just as big an ocean then as the one we are discovering.

This is the largest area of super-abundance we will gain - even more then the gold we will discover.

Aside from any of the resources I outlined in this book, I believe it is within this ocean of our mind that we will find our deepest discovery.

As we advance in the vastness of these depths and start pushing these barriers outward, I’m confident in the benefits and success we will achieve in learning.

As we make the new discoveries of neuroplasticity, I believe this isn’t just occurring for ourselves, but for the whole collective mind when certain barriers are broken.

Our decision to explore and eventually civilize the entire ocean will benefit the entire collective mind.

As well as a successful extraterrestrial civilization, this could possibly be the key to unlocking a


177
consciousness expansion of our mind as an entire race, allowing us to become more creative and powerful.

I believe our achievements have already ignited huge consciousness expansions within us.

We may not be aware of this, yet if you take away our discoveries, we would be reduced to mere reflections of historical times, with no fuel to travel boldly into the future.

You can only imagine how we’d be acting now in the midst of what’s going on without the crown of our true value, our deepest discoveries.

We ultimately became more creative due to our efforts and have welded technology that has made many impossibilities of the past a reality today or a goal of our future.

Just like we passively feel the expansion and force of our crown of complete discovery of land, through our advancement, we will feel the effects of having explored the entire ocean in the same light.









178
12

DEEP OCEAN MEDITATION


















This meditation is to inspire those making this book a reality.

This is a very peaceful meditation, where we envision ourselves as though 99.9% of the ocean has already been explored.

We’ve already fully optimized our technology down in the deep.

We’ve created the best possible relationship that we can with our entire planet. We’ve hit our potential.


179
In this meditation, we have unlimited access to the deep sea.

You can now relax.

Your brain waves are slowing down.

You’re now in the waveless depths of the ocean.

Your mind has expanded because of all you’ve discovered.

It’s the most silent place you’ve ever been to.

It’s teeming with life.

All the life down there is very peaceful and loving and can help you very much.

The ocean has become your friend.

You’re very comfortable with your access to the deep ocean.

You can explore the entire deep ocean in your advanced, very comfortable and spacious oceanic traveling craft.

Many civilizations have been built in the deep ocean due to our pressure tolerance and engineering mastery

180
You’re in your watercraft, permeating the ocean’s surface, heading smoothly to the deep sea. You’re now looking at all the beautiful life forms that are happy and swimming around you, excited for your adventure.

You’re now piercing the first layer of the ocean. As the ocean grows darker, life becomes brighter and more mesmerizing.

You see the ocean become more tranquil. The waves have stopped.

The marine life can swim with much less effort, almost with pure grace.

As you continue to travel down, you’re becoming more relaxed.

You’re now close to the deep ocean, where you thought would be dark but ended up being bright with life full of bioluminescence and transparency.

Schools of bioluminescent fish swim around your watercraft, welcoming you as you go deeper into your city.

You’re at total peace due to natural energy.






181
The worries of the world completely dissolve as you finally reach the enticing depths of the deeper recesses of the ocean.

Finally, down at the bottom, you see your city’s glow!

Its globe is shining and reminds you of the moon.

It shines beautiful, colorful light in all directions in a perfect circle. You are so peaceful yet so excited to enter your favorite city of the deep ocean.

The city opens through the watercraft terminal as you enter your favorite place.

This city is remarkable.

There’s no need for money.

Everything is free.

In this city, superabundance from the deep ocean is collected at the outer chambers.

An automated netting filtration system can take in unlimited sources of food, minerals, and desalinated water.




182
On the other side of this city is a station where the entire city’s energy is supplied through electric conversion pressure.

Now you’re walking through the city, and everyone has become one with the peace of the deep ocean.

Everyone is happy and tranquil.

In your favorite city, courage, acceptance, love, and peace are the community’s dominant forces.

You have nowhere to go, but you can access anywhere in the city you would like, considering everything is free.

You look up, and the city’s sky is the sea through a transparent barrier that seems almost invisible. You see bioluminescent fish swim by as they always light a glow around the city.

This barrier shows the loving life of the deep sea outside the city.

Bioluminescent life surrounds your city, the most beautiful creatures in the world. It’s like looking at stars in the sky moving around, and you start to breathe deeply.


183
The air within the city is the purest and freshness due to the constant purification, with the deep ocean’s assistance connected from within.

You are very grateful for all the things you can do.

It’s like Atlantis and heavenly; waveless and serene.

Now you walk by a restaurant and see the sign outside offering deep-sea crustaceans and fish of the highest quality that we have not yet discovered.

They offer squid, sea vegetables, and foods that would be highly expensive if you were on land.

Here, you have the finest food in the world.

Even though you are in your city of choice, there are hundreds of these cities in humanity.

AGod-send, as population was balanced by humankind having more space than they could have ever dreamed imaginable.

Out of all these cities, this is your favorite one.

It is the most colorful, tranquil, and advanced.





184
Now that you’ve explored the entire city, you’re ready to go back home.

You get into your watercraft, and you are now on your way from the deep ocean. All your friends wave goodbye, and you’re on your way up to the twilight zone.

You’re on your way up.

Your brain is completely balanced and synchronized because of the deep ocean and the peace there.

All the energy available to you permeates your whole body.

You’re	submerged	in	complete	happiness.

Completely renewed.

You look up in your craft, and you finally see the light.

As you get closer to the light, you are so appreciative of all that you’ve experienced.

You’re so thankful for the light as the rays finally touch your skin.




185
Your heart lights up as you make your way closer to the ocean’s surface.

The light gets brighter and brighter, and you start to feel excited as you hit the surface.

The sun shines perfectly as you work your way out of your craft and take a nice deep breath.

The CORE

One of the most powerful things about the deep ocean is that it’s between us and the Earth’s core.

So after we discover the deep ocean and we advanced there, then we’ll have our new goal, which would be to discover and master the energies.

What we all know is that the Earth’s core has the most energy.

Everything in this world is for us to master. If you really think about it, anything we focus on long enough we grow to master. This is the secret of the mind. It can master anything if the concentration power is available.

If we focus on the deep ocean long enough, then we can grow and master this realm, too.




186
If we did, we would undoubtedly move to the next phase of our reach to new possibilities and start concentrating on the unlimited energy, which is the Earth’s core.

Because I am so adamant about this capability of our mental mastership, I believe that we’ll end up mastering the Earth’s core and energy one day.

The Earth’s core is a vast mass of energy utterly inaccessible to us right now.

What if we could harness the energy of this center in the future?

Through our technological advancements, we will facilitate a collection of the current energy coming from the core into the reservoirs that we can create in the deep ocean.

If we can do that, we’ll be able to wave energy back up to the land where we can facilitate enough energy for all we need. I believe this ability to harness the energy of the Earth’s core will symbolize humanity in their peak functioning.

Right now, this is a little stretch on the mind, yet if you think about it, it makes sense. It’s kind of like



187
going into the center of a volcano. Obviously, we can’t do that.

But we can get near a volcano and harness energy from its magma and heat.

We can collect freely from around it without much effort or danger.

When we develop a presence in the deep ocean, we can access the energy from the Earth’s core using this same premise.

The core is something we don’t really know that much about. We know that this is the center of our world. Being the highest intelligence on the planet, I hope that we position ourselves to be familiar and eventually discover its properties.

I am hopeful that we will one day live less superficially and foster some connection to the core.

We don’t need to go across the entire solar system to look for energy when it’s right beneath our feet.

Now I believe this is enough energy for our unlimited future.

If we choose to use this energy to fuel our space explorations, we could supply all the electricity in the

188
world through heat and cold conversion taking place in the ocean.

We could fuel all vehicles on the planet. Contrary to popular belief, due to our advancements, we are beginning to discover that we have more than we need, opposed to the systemic mindset that tries tooth and nail to survive.

It’s up to us to free ourselves from traditional and outdated beliefs.

It won’t be easy to harness energy from the core, but it will eventually be possible.

Accomplishing the goal laid out in this book is a definite prerequisite.

Through solar power technology, we can utilize energy from the sun, which is hundreds of light-years away. We can completely charge all our electronic devices, and, eventually, all our vehicles and homes.

We are finally in a position to completely replace all electrical needs through solar power.

The sun will charge every city, town, home, vehicle, and device in the world.



189
Yet, the sun is 98 million miles years away. Our deep ocean is only about eight miles away, and our Earth’s core is about 2,000 miles away.

If this is possible with solar energy, then this is possible with core energy. It’s not only energy we are after, either; there are over a quadrillion tons of diamonds lurking 100 miles below the Earth’s surface. According to scientists, the sun is almost 100 million miles away from Earth, and this is the energy we could utilize from heat and rays.

The Earth’s core is only 2,000 miles away. You could only imagine the energy we could harness on this level.

It’s right below our feet.

I’m not saying that we will completely harness all this heat within the earth. I am saying that it will be accessible to us without necessarily having to physically be there.

The Earth’s core can be part of our future technology.

Some of the most potent discoveries we’ve ever located weren’t at the level of what we discovered on the surface, but it was what we discovered under the


190
earth at the level of the roots and below - all these healing medicines and root-based foods that we discovered over time.

It’s very easy to say that all these benefits will be found in the deep sea ocean, but, once again, let us also remember that we should also be digging to find the roots.

The core doesn’t have more healing medicines, yet it has our greatest desire - unlimited energy.

As a species, we will become super in surplus and invincible in the eyes of the past.

As important as our solar system’s center is to our Earth, our Earth’s core is just as essential to our solar system.

One day, the Earth’s core will be just as important to us.














191
13

JOBS


















Do we really know the detriment of not listening to

people who have given us new ideas and explorations? We can only imagine what would happen if Spain didn’t fund Christopher Columbus to discover the Americas. Things would have been much different for the Spanish nation.

The United States wouldn’t have been formed, and neither would have the original 13 states we called colonies.




192
If the nobles who left Britain and formed their own coalitions were ignored, things would have been much different.

I urge all people to research explorers and their ideas. They are the most profound ideas that exist.

These ideas can shift our economy, and, in time, form superpower nations and help people around the world.

All rulers stand on the foundation of those who came before them and had the victorious courage to explore.

When people start to listen to the explorers and people who point to new ideas and discoveries, instead of individuals aligned with the status qou mentality, then we find a new way. These individuals who have created new paths hold enough light to give all those who choose to follow.

Now, I point to the deepest discovery.

The most significant improvement that we will see is a progressive shift in our economy.

If we allocated our resources to grow our economy by exploring the deep ocean, growing our economy by


193
opening the biggest door there is, the door to the remaining unexplored ground, then can you perceive the value the deep ocean has for our economy?

Many scientists say that there’s even more to discover than what I expose in this text.

I’m not a scientist, marine biologist, oceanographer, or physicist. I have no economic background; however, I am confident that there will be millions of new jobs if 99.9% of the deep sea is explored.

We are journeying so deep that a new way of life will arise.

For every one of our deepest discoveries, new markets and opportunities will be born.

New corporations can begin with the mission to gain the resources that may be depthless.

We are talking about resources so enormous in abundance that it will far surpass the needs of humankind.

Corporations can form today and prosper tomorrow with the research we already harness.



194
These new-found companies can create the largest value ever seen by humans and gain resources beyond what we conceive and calculate.

New job markets will explode, holding hundreds of thousands of new jobs for discoveries we currently have no clue we will find.

Once we gain ground in our deep-sea mastery, these corporations will continue to grow bigger.

More and more corporations will emerge until there are eventually millions of new jobs available.

The deep-sea economy will be the long-awaited missing piece to our prosperity. We finally will experience this as a consequence of our perseverance, courage, and hope.

It is such great value that when we look at our economy, the deep see will not just lift a specific individual country, but will enrich all nations as this superabundance will uplift us globally.

Right now, we see the boom of one of our first prominent deep-sea markets with DSW water. It has been proven to rehydrate the human body twice as fast as other water due to the superabundance of minerals and its quality. This market is growing in Asia and will


195
continue to grow, just as expansive as our bottled water industry is today.

Think about the minerals we will harvest, and the life forms, raw materials, and precious metals we will discover. Think about our sweetest discovery - the realization that we will construct an entire civilization at this depth and call this sphere our home.

As I discussed in previous chapters, we are already reaching for this victory. We have the finest resorts know to humans located underwater. Other buildings and constructs have also been created.

It is only a matter of time before we create the first underwater city.

This continual construction will occur for the remainder of our species and will be a catalyst for our economy shifting, growing, and glowing.

When we can advance ourselves where we can build cities in the ocean’s deepest region, then we will experience the ultimate expression of economy.

There are no words to describe what our abundance will look like. Not only will all humans have enough, but we will all have a superabundance.



196
Places like New York will seem primitive. Imagine a London or Paris of the deep.

We cannot put a one-dollar amount on how our deepest discovery will shift and boost our economy.

Looking at our future from this vantage point, it’s very wise to look at our species’ advantages by including deep-sea exploration benefits.

By human condition, we look at our existence from within the borders of our societal paradigms, but when we have a common goal toward exploring 99.9% of the ocean, then we can shine with a new light from our latest finds from which our most significant possibilities will emerge.

Can you imagine if you didn’t have to work on land and there was another option to work in the deep ocean? You could choose an entirely new way of life.

Even though this may seem far off, there are new fishermen, miners, scientists, and all types of careers emerging from the depths even right now.

How many jobs will be possible when the entire ocean is explored?





197
How many careers can be created through this goal of fully advancing our technology here?

Millions of jobs will be created due to inventors, scientists, and explorers who exemplify their courage in today’s seas.

New markets create new jobs. These are two sides of the same coin.

New jobs will open more significant advancement.

Greater advancement opens up new jobs.

We’ve seen this with space exploration. More than 17,000 people work for NASA, which eventually led to the new markets of space x, blue origins, and further space exploration and technology that are opening up for us.

We are starting to see fruit from our advancements.

These fruits are new-age space companies.

Once we advance enough with discoveries and new technology, we can implement jobs toward further advancement. This should always be our economy’s desired cycle, just like the two sides of a coin are needed for it to spin.





198
All these engineers and space astronauts who worked through courage for a very long time as they were given the jobs to help us advance are now joined by all types of engineers, physicists, scientists, and others who are building on these advancements.

We have already seen a massive boost in jobs in DSW. This will expand from exposure to new countries, and commercialized flavored drinks and juices.

Nowadays, the possibilities are endless. Can you envision ocean-powered vehicles or planes?

The ocean is so vast that the very best thing is to envision that we’ve already explored 99.9% of it. From this position, we can open more doors to innovation.

When this occurs, we will have two economies - land and ocean.

I think this is the most potent direction we can travel in to deliver superabundance to humankind.

Combining these two economies after we grow from underwater hotels toward underwater civilization will understand our position as explorers. It will also bring us the benefits by staying true to this purpose as a species.


199
Experts once said that underwater habitation was impossible, but in today’s age, I urge us to generate civilization ideas. Imagine traveling from one underwater city to another. These things are possible once we overcome the pressurized systems which we have through watercraft.

The beautiful thing is that it won’t be a separation like many borders are today, where you have people who live underwater versus people who live above. To even get to this point of possibility, we would have to be in a profound state of unification.

To live this life of superabundance and expansiveness, simply put, we would have settled all our differences as a species.

The real question is, how can we get the sunlight to travel down to the bottom of the ocean? We would advance our light technology to the degree that Thomas Edison did before the lightbulb invention.

We could pipe electric seven miles deep to the bottom with multiple back-up systems. Yet, I believe we will find such enormous energy technologies down below that the main concern would be the pressure and insulation.

What I do believe is our ability to master this skill.


200
A happier economy is a happier world. In 2014, $14 billion was spent on bottled water alone.

We see the health effects of deep seawater.

We will see most of our purchased water shift to desalinated instead, and new markets will shine to advance the quality of this drinking water.

Another idea that struck me when writing this book was the amount of surface area we can use for gardening. We can use state-of-the-art ships as big as cargo ships and make them floating gardens. We can anchor the ship and facilitate them with desalination technology to fully aggregate oceanic crops while storing or replacing the salt back into the ocean. The amount of minerals in ocean water can offer a superabundance of nutrients for oceanic crops to be the healthiest vegetation available. Due to the amount of additional space to produce food, these oceanic gardens could easily cure world hunger in our future.

We can easily see a trillion-dollar deep-sea industry focused on the goal of gaining resources and medical advancements.

When we advance toward civilization, there cannot be a dollar amount on the deep sea’s economic value.


201
Let’s look at the beauty industry, which generated over $530 billion in sales in 2019.

What we will come to find is that the ultimate beauty products are found in the deep sea. We’ve been mimicking and trying to emulate the ocean for beauty for a very long time through Epsom salt baths and exfoliation products. People are discovering that the deep sea ocean water’s healing and medicinal aspects are beyond any number of benefits located in any other product in the world. The most beautiful thing in the world is life’s ability to heal.

When people start to understand this, they will find that the ultimate beauty product is the ocean.

This has a compound effect the deeper you travel.

I believe that $90 billion a year will double with the amount of research we discover about the deeper ocean’s healing and renewing effects on the skin.

The perfect elixir for beauty is the ocean.

Many cosmetologists, health practitioners, and beauty designers worldwide have used oceanic salt water’s beauty secrets for skin renewal for centuries.





202
It makes the skin look younger, stronger, and feel better. It makes it more buoyant, firm, healthy, and glowing.

In ten years, this industry alone will grow in two trillion dollars.

This is just one out of thousands of industries that we can tap into and expand into superpower economies by combining our valuable deep ocean.































203
14

BIOLUMINESCENCE


















Beings in the deep ocean don’t have waves to fight

against.

When they swim, it’s very majestic and graceful.

When you combine this grace with bioluminescence, you witness something magical. Bioluminescence is a normality in the distant realm of the deep ocean. This bioluminescence isn’t like that of fireflies or the bioluminescence we are accustomed to.



204
These beings produce their own light in ways we do not yet fully know.

The National Geographic shows a fish that could shoot balls of light from its mouth.

It synthesized the light within its own body to attract food.

These fish also communicate superiority to others in its realm due to the amount of light it can synthesize.

Some of these fish of the deep that can synthesize more light are like the alphas as they glow brighter.

The brighter the bioluminescent being, the more authority that organism portrays in these areas of complete darkness in the deep ocean as alpha.

Many of these fish can synchronize their light in schools and put on light shows.

Just as we know that other schools of fish swim together in uniformity, bioluminescent schools of fish swim together and synchronize their light to flash or pulsate in arithmetic order between the whole school.

Their light can express at these deep levels freely and infinitely. We do not yet know the amount of light these bioluminescent beings can harness.


205
Here, at the surface, we have sunrise and sunset.

We only have about 12 hours of light, and that’s it.

Yet, as we dive deeper in search of the deepest discovery, these beings have become the light.

In the bioluminescent world, the expression of light is literally unlimited.

Beings can glow red, yellow, green, blue, or even purple. Some are multicolored. Some are transparent and bioluminescent at the same time. Some could put on light shows within their own body. They can flicker in different regions with rhythmic light pulses that will stretch our imagination. Some glow with colors we have never seen before.

If they get excited, they can express themselves by shining brighter, or if they get angry, they can pulse a massive amount of light to blind their enemies, and then completely turned dark and swim away.

The light expressions are unlimited for these beings because it is their source, just in the same way water is unlimited for us.

Light has protected these majestic creatures and has allowed for their optimal living purpose.


206
The bioluminescent realm is so expansive that micro bio-organisms like bacteria are even bioluminescent.

When shining our own light onto the entire ocean, we discover that this luminosity is uniform through the entire realm - even down to the small minute bacterium.

Can you imagine exploring the deep ocean and witnessing a school of fish that shine all different colors, giving life to the darkest waters?

The most beautiful forms of light are protected by the ancient darkness of the deep.

The beauty and brilliance of light growing even more complex as it conquers the challenge of complete darkness in the deep ocean.

Ironically, the pure depth of the darkest sea could accentuate the most beautiful light within these bioluminescent creatures.

Imagine what we can discover within this realm! What is the brightest or largest specimen from this heavenly kingdom?






207
Can we find a bioluminescent being the size of a blue whale that can light up the sky as bright as it wanted to?

A being that can light up the entire seascape of the ocean floor?

These are the masters of light.

They can flicker, pulsate, flare, and blaze.

They could turn on and off at will.

They can swim with the light and the light dwells within them.

This bioluminescence power is beyond our imagination, yet, I try to conceptualize the possibilities, to provide us understanding before we discover it because we’ve only discovered a small fraction of this bioluminescent realm.

We know for sure that when pondering on this deep expansion of light, it makes the mind glow. Even just thinking about it brings a brightness and aliveness to the deep and dark recesses of our minds.

There was a time when we never knew what ultraviolet light looked like until we learned about it and witnessed the light.


208
We may discover hundreds of new colors through these beings.

Two forces we know are down there that make these beings so bright and lucid in color.

The first, oddly enough, is darkness intensity.

It provides the perfect contrast for the stars to shine bright and the sun to illuminate the Earth.

The deeper the darkness, the brighter the light can illuminate and ornament itself.

This is why we have all these colors on Earth because of the sheer darkness the planet is in its natural state. Without humans as light-bearers, night would be utter dark aside from the moon. The nights without this reflection would resemble the deep ocean’s darkness. We can express light in its unlimited garnets of color because of the sun and humans.

The second force is translucency.

This transparency allows these colors to literally flow through them and shine into their environment in these deep waters.





209
I believe there will be many new deep seawater supplements that revolve around these bioluminescent proteins.

There’s not just one protein; there’s a multitude of them.

Like how we take specific plant or animal compositions to create a supplement, we can isolate these fluorescent proteins and even reduce them down to an amino acid level and gain severe benefits and understanding.

This may provide long life and cellular renewal beyond the age-reducing beauty products we have available now.

A great discovery would be to find out how well these fluorescent proteins can bind to our body’s molecular structure. Can they offer benefits to our nervous system and brain structure?

Are there any cures associated with these proteins?

Are there any medicinal effects?

Health and cellular renewal markets will experience magnification, especially in the area of deep-sea bioluminescence.



210
I believe that we have a symbiotic relationship with all life, and there will be some form of medicinal effect in these new supplements, minerals, and vitamins that we can gain from this bioluminescent life. There is something in every life to benefit all life.

It’s not just jellyfish that are bioluminescent; all life we find in certain parts of our limited discovery of the deep are bioluminescent.

We’ve even found bioluminescent sharks! If we go deep enough to the protein and molecular structure, all life can be bioluminescent.

Do humans have the ability to be bioluminescent?

In 2007, scientists successfully inserted one gene into cats that helps them successfully resist incurable diseases. This gene expresses the fluorescent protein of bioluminescent jellyfish. The cats were not only healthier but glowed with these colors.

I’m not saying we will glow; I’m saying that if all life takes on this characteristic, then we to most likely have a better relationship with our health.

On a more superficial level, we can find the receptors or areas of our body that are most able to



211
integrate this amazing protein of luminosity for our health and longevity.

This luminosity will bring us enormous amounts of discoveries, especially in the medicinal community.

Bioluminescent energy is a completely new energy that we have been advancing on many levels since the early 2000s.

Through disease-resistant factors that we see in these fluorescent proteins that bioluminescent life holds, new medicine could be the most profound discovery.


The possibilities are endless in how we can learn how to express this light.

We might take this bioluminescent energy to outer space and integrate it with the distant cosmos.

We could eventually bring this bioluminescent energy into our homes and health.

We might even one day be able to wield bioluminescent energy through our bodies when needed for extra environmental stress resistance and immunity.





212
By studying how effective fluorescent proteins can prove to be in our future health advancements, bioluminescence may one day assist us in our evolution.

Who is to say that we cannot one day consciously wield bioluminescence within us, just like the deepest aquatic life. We may be able to glow different colors at night for increased vision and ability.

Maybe we can touch people to heal them in the future.

Imagine making your hand glow and giving a loved one bioluminescent energy in the area that needs light.

This sounds like science fiction, but what we see is that evolution is always geared toward our best interest and to allow us to increase in light.

From the BC era until now, our primary success has been increasing our light.

TVs, cell phones, and electronic devices are all our expressions of a slow but sure light advancement and expansion. Our cities, automobiles, and innovation are an expression of this unspoken mission.





213
Even though it is a very gross form of our evolution, as we progress, our light wielding will grow finer and finer until we, too, can master and manipulate light.

Computer and cellphone technology are the first global light communications that we call the Internet.

Now we communicate globally through the light as we have evolved to express it.

Even though it’s a very gross form of electrical, magnetic light, how much has the Internet introduced to us?

In the future, we will evolve through our mission to expand the light by creating even greater communication technology.

It will be just as big of a jump from our Internet technology now as our technology was when it jumped from black and white TV to color.

These are all forms of electromagnetic light, yet I think that we will one day use the finest light forms for our newest technologies.

We are always advancing toward the light, but in very gross levels due to our dichotomous and divisive


214
nature. As we identify more with our conscious intelligence than our primate-based intelligence, war and strife will increase, and these light advancements will increase, too, due to its momentum.

This is the definition of our evolution. This bioluminescence may assist us in this advancement.

We will start to discover more of what these beings can actually do with this deep light. It will open our minds to what evolution has available for with our ability to master and manipulate light.

This bioluminescent energy is entirely foreign to us until we overcome our fear of the darkness and explore 99.9% of the deep ocean.

Just like with the lightbulb, we finally have entirely new energy of light available to us!

This is the primary light source of our ocean’s deepest havens. Can you imagine how extreme the amount of energy this bioluminescence is?

If we can integrate this energy within ourselves, then we’ll see that we might not even need sleep, food, or supplementation throughout the day.





215
We will be much more energetic if we choose to harness bioluminescent energy, the deep’s light, in our health modalities.

What can this new energy offer us?

Can it enlighten our minds and make us smarter?

Can it make us more intelligent by being the new secret to our new, improved way of thinking?

Can we make our neurons glow for increased brain information processing?

Can it be the ultimate brain supplementation and make us super intelligent at the apex of our familiarity with this glowing light?

Maybe it’s a secret to age reversal?

Maybe it does have the energy needed to repair and heal our proteins and amino acids, even down to our DNA, to allow us to double our lifespan.

Who’s to say that we will not also evolve as a planet to eventually be bioluminescent in nature? Just like Avatar by James Cameron.






216
Was this his premonition?

James Cameron’s camera was the first to record our deepest light.

The movie Avatar showed everything as bioluminescent.

Is this a premonition or prophetic type of movie to show our true evolution as a species? That eventually, our trees, plants, vegetables, and fruits, and eventually our species will glow at night to increase our survivability?

We have discovered bioluminescence health benefits in plants like coral reefs, where the fluorescent proteins allow the light to penetrate deeper into the tissues of the actual coral reef itself.

The miracle is that even though the deep has no light, photosynthesis is improved.

Can we use this in our agriculture to provide our food with new energy and increased resistance?

Can this provide us with new glowing fruit and vegetable variations? Imagine eating new, glow-in-the-dark fruits with high medicinal value because we have successfully integrated these proteins in nature.


217
They’ve discovered through science that the bioluminescence allows the light to be more evenly distributed through the coral reef tissues and allows the light to flow much easier.

This type of benefit toward the human body or genome or our food sources shows that it is possible to increase health and photosynthesis. Our gardens and blood flow circulation will improve, allowing the light-based molecules within our blood to flow more uniformly within the body.

The light within these bioluminescent creatures is a beautiful expression of uniformity.

The light is perfectly symmetrical in perfect patterns. It’s equal in all areas in these lifeforms. This protein may be able to help blood uniformity and easily distribute it to more to cells, organs, and tissues through improved circulation.

These fluorescent proteins are especially helpful in beings with very little light, so they can not only survive, but they can thrive.

Many of these beings live much longer than beings on land.




218
Documentation of a coral reef with specific red fluorescent protein has lived for over 1,500 years.

They’re actually living a more abundance of life due to this massive bioluminescent energy in the deep.

if we can take this protein that has evolved these reefs to live 1,500 years and apply it to our blood’s optimal functions, then we can figure out how it can distribute this light. It can do this so uniformly throughout these bioluminescent organisms and revolutionize our cardiovascular health.

The cardiovascular system is rooted within the body’s holistic realm, and this is where we can apply our highest findings in bioluminescent health. We can possibly make our hearts glow with the best blood circulation available.

These fluorescent proteins may not only dramatically improve health conditions, but preventively, a healthy person can become even more optimized in their fitness or health regime.

It also might be a cure to many illnesses that we have right now, where improved circulation is required for recovery by increasing blood circulation uniformity. All the body’s tissues will benefit when applying bioluminescent health advancements.


219
A great discovery is the brightest creatures we have ever witnessed.

Undoubtedly, the brightest creature known to exist will be discovered in the deep ocean; in the depths of this realm’s darkness, we can only imagine how bright.

It will be a marvel to witness it illuminate so we can understand how luminous of a being it is.

How big, bright, and beautiful will it be when we finally find the brightest being on the planet?

It may be brighter than what we could envision or physically see.

There may be even stronger levels of bioluminescent life located in this deep ocean than what the information we have gathered informs us.

For example, there was a time when we only knew the color spectrum of light until we found ultraviolet rays in 1801 and gamma rays soon after.

Who is to say there are no other light rays out there in the universe or deep ocean?

We might discover new light on a bioluminescent level.


220
We might be able to find gamma or ultraviolet bioluminescent beings, or even different variations of light we never even knew existed.

What do you think the brightest, most beautiful bioluminescent being in this realm will look like?

This may stretch our mental or creative muscles, but this is exactly what we need as we move toward the courageous path of traveling even deeper to explore 99.9% of the deep ocean together.

How interesting would our universe look if there was no light out there and the Earth and stars were the only light that existed?

If it were all just space and emptiness, we wouldn’t have the desire to go out there and explore to the edges.

Many rocket scientists, engineers, astronauts, and people interested in astronomy have a deep enthusiasm for the deep outer space and its exploration because of how full of light and life it is.

It’s the same feeling in the deep ocean.

Hopefully, after you read this book, you’ll have a deeper understanding that, at the deepest, our ocean is



221
just like our universe - teeming with life and full of light.

This bioluminescent realm is a significant sign that the universe is hiding in the deep ocean as much as it is beyond our telescopes’ vision.

With the same tenacity that we have for searching outer space’s light, we can explore the deepest ocean through the path of light provided by these bioluminescent life forms.

One day, we may harness this light and synthesize this bioluminescence onto any organic material that exists - even metals, diamonds, and jewelry.

This would increase the value of all precious metals and jewelry across the world with diamonds that glow in the dark.

Even bioluminescent gold, platinum, and silver may be in store for our future.

What would luxury look like if we could make emeralds, rubies, or sapphires glow at night?

Imagine having a necklace or engagement ring, and you look at the diamond at night to see it’s glowing



222
with oceanic bioluminescence. Maybe these stones already exist.

Could this bring new value to gold and our economy?

If we can make kittens glow, can we create a new type of gold that glows with a bioluminescent hue?

If we can illuminate our jewels and gems, can we offer an extra depth or dimension to our economy itself?


Imagine applying bioluminescence to metal for heat conduction, like copper. It will improve heat conduct due to bioluminescent light synthesis. I can only imagine the possibilities associated with our mastery of bioluminescent light.

I would love to buy jewelry for my partner and I.

Jewelry that glows at night as we explore the town.

This bioluminescent technology is really limitless and rests in our imagination.

We need to find the creative people to start imagining what the possibilities are.





223
In other words, we are closing on the age where our imagination dictates our possibilities rather than possibilities controlling our imagination.

This is what we discover when we go this deep.

If we can take our mastery of solar light advancement and combine it with the future of mastering bioluminescent energy, then we will be in the position to allow our imagination take our realities’ driver’s seat.

Imagine when we discover this light’s full magnification and intensity and that we can harness it for our street lights and indoor lighting and integrate it with our newest technologies.

We can introduce these fluorescent proteins in trees and use them as our street lights. We can create bioluminescent plants to illuminate our homes at night.

Ultimately, this could be one of the most significant ways toward energy efficiency, where we can store energy itself through bio-luminosity.

We can collect the sun’s energy during the day and then use and expend that energy during the night. So we can also learn how to collect bioluminescent energy during the night and use it during the day.


224
We have been reaching for radiance, gleam, shimmer, and shine in all our beauty products. Our skin may not glow with new-age bioluminescent beauty products, but the skin will become increasingly light-saturated.

Just like we radiate heat, bioluminescent creatures radiate light.

It is the ultimate emission of light in the biological realm on planet earth.

It is a marvel to discover the light intensity of which we have only discovered a small percentage.

We will eventually find entire realms of the ocean that are majority bioluminescent in nature, places where everything in the environment can glow.

Finding these bioluminescent beings in the deep ocean is the ultimate discovery of our times. Through evolution, these beings have been given the power to emit light as much as we give off heat.

Just like we give off heat, they give off light itself.

Whenever we think, act, or feel, we give off heat, which is a sort of fire you can’t see and is an expression of the light.


225
But these bioluminescent beings in the deep ocean are electroluminescent. They literally shine with self-luminosity, so it’s more than warmth we give off, which is kind of like moonlight compared to these swimming beings that look like swimming flames from a distance.

The deep literally glows everywhere and may very well hide this bioluminescence as we explore, just as fast as a mouse may flee from a cat.

Everything has been given this bioluminescence - plants, animals, and even micro-organisms.

So, outside our universal discoveries of starlight and new planets and possibly finding new light there, we have found new light right beneath us.

This bioluminescent light is like the shine of a treasure box opening right before humanity’s most significant discovery as we open our eyes to our ocean’s real value.

Its intensity of light output can be the backlight or radiation of our newest cures, health, and vitality.

Many of these beings are so brilliant down there that they look like they’re swimming in a flare. They look like little burning resplendent lucid translucent



226
light or radiating with a furious glow, illuminated by the deep ocean itself.

This electro luminous substance can be discovered for its light emission qualities in its true understanding only when we have explored the entire deep.

We’ve only studied a fraction of this bioluminescent realm. We could also learn how to emit light as human beings as we move forward.

In terms of bioluminescence, it is such a massive phenomenon in the deep ocean – estimates are that 70– 90 percent of animals down there have the capability of producing light. It is very rare on land – we know of only a few animals, like fireflies, in the terrestrial environment. Almost every deep ocean creature can flash, blink, and excrete bioluminescence.


















227
15

SUPPORT


















We can always continue to learn and keep our

minds open to the vast possibilities that are down there until we reach 99.9%.

Many people have closed minds, which makes it impossible to discover more of the ocean’s depths. The primary precursor for any adventure or discovery is an open mind. The open mind does not take in information that people give and accepts it at face value. The intellect ignites and goes one step further through exploration.


228
What would the world look like if everyone in the world operated with an open mind?

The answer to this is a beautiful vision that many of us ceaselessly work toward helping its eventual manifestation.

If we can all unite through intellect and open our minds, what would it look like when this collective mind is finally open and free?

We have to focus on what we can do on an individual level for humanity’s advancement.

Another thing we can do is keep our water clean.

The more clean water in our world, the more energy we’ll have.

Have you gained additional respect for your deep ocean on our exploration together?

They’ve already found plastic on the deep ocean. Our pollution can travel 99.9% of the ocean, but we cannot.

A conscious attitude to keeping our planet clean will help in discovering more of the deep ocean. This is because instead of cleaning up our environment, we will have extra energy to have fun and explore.


229
We can also take the initiative.

We might not be able to explore ourselves down there, but we can start to support these foundations and people that allocate money, time, and energy toward the goal.

Finding these organizations and people who have a deep interest in exploring the entire ocean will appreciate your support.

Go online and donate! It will feel just as good as the exploration.


























230
I’m currently working on a book called The Thought Reversal Technique. It’s definitely a great tool to use to solve any problem on an individual, collective, or even national level.

It was taught to me by an American master named Lester Levenson. He said that you have the ability in the mind to reverse a thought - any thought you want. You can instantly reverse a negative thought by using your mind as a tool for this thought reversal technique.

The opposite of war is people in the greatest harmony and a profound state of peace. Everyone can imagine the deep fruition of real-world possibility of peace.

If you focus on the reversed thought for long enough, then you start to internalize this as a possibility through technology and advancement. You keep building this opposite thought until it is true for you.

Now, I know this technique is great when slicing through resistance. Any negative thought in this world may be reversed.

Contributing to pure peace for my fellow humans to reach their highest potential is easier


231
to materialize when using this tool, which is the simplest technique. To finish books like this, where people may deem many of these ideas absolutely impossible, I simply reply with the opposite thought; it’s the best way to respond to negativity. I believe this will be one of the best ways to deal with the added pressure of other people’s doubts as we shoot for the mark.

These things are possible as long as we continue to advance people’s betterment of other’s lives.

When we are not, advancement stops.

Right now, we see high funding allocation to war, and we are stagnating. Unfortunately, because of statistics like this, we only have James Cameron and Victor Vescavo, who fund themselves to go to the deep ocean.

Our nations continue on the dirt path as a military identity.

They couldn’t find a person to go down there as of yet because they have been treading so heavily.




232
Our legendary deep explorers followed a different route. On an individual level, we continue to move forward, whether or not our leaders are progressing.

This is how we can move forward and stay strong.

These new advancements in technologies will arise, and more people will come together through the power of true courageousness. We will discover 99.9% of the ocean, even if this is funded privately.

The truth is, there’s no discovery or adventure in war. It’s the same thing that’s been happening for thousands of years. There’s nothing different about it; there’s no sense of courage because courage only comes from the sense of adventure.

There’s no courage in the sense of bombing another race, nation, or ethnic group.

There’s no courage or adventure in putting a bullet in another person. Aside from what the media has manipulated us to think, the greatest courage comes from adventurous people who



233
work together to facilitate change and bring resources to others.

Scientists, treasure hunters, explorers, and writers tell us about the vast amount of resources down there. It requires no cognitive energy to shift your mindset and start reallocating your resources to where they need to be to reach our deepest bounties.

So, as we rise to the surface again and our adventure comes to a close, I urge you to re-explore and reread the book - and maybe a third time.

Just thinking about this bounty’s enormity will expand your mind and make you richer due to the ideas facilitated in his book.

Right now, our people are in a state of pain, but that has never stopped us.

It’s very easy to say, “Oh, well, we’re in pain. We’re not at a good time in our life. We’re not going to take action. Let’s just stay home until the government tells us otherwise.”

But courageous people make things happen.

This is what the most extraordinary people do.


234
I always put in the effort to provide the most extraordinary material possible in the world. It doesn’t matter what anyone says, thinks, or feels about me. It doesn’t matter what the nation says about me or if everybody in the world comes up against me. I will still give you the greatest available because the most incredible energy resides in us.

We might not swim in this deep sea together, but we are all explorers of life.

This is an exploration on the vastest level. It’s the level we’ve never been before or had the possibility to reach.

Now technology transforms at such a fast rate that, finally, the deepest discoveries are available. This Miraculous Maturation is so great when applied in this direction that it can possibly birth a peaceful movement.

It isn’t easy to focus our vision on places where we can’t register that this is the greatest way to expand the mind.

You can also support the deep sea ocean by buying books like this one and learning more about it.


235
Never in history did we have any texts on the deep sea until now.

Educate children about these wonders.

Finally, a child can grow up to aspire to be an explorer again.

How many parents talk to their kids about the deep sea ocean? The most my parents did was say, “Hey, let’s go to the beach and get some sun.” Instead, let’s expose their minds to their future possibilities.

Let’s enlighten their mind. Until this millennium, there was no possibility of realizing our deepest, darkest depths - it was utterly spooky and extraterrestrial.

My highest education from school was the book 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea.

When you expose people at a young age to future possibilities and combine them with the possibilities we have achieved, they can look higher as they grow up.

This might turn into a sense of enlightenment for our children as they will hold the brightest


236
torches to explore these depths when they reach adulthood.

New thoughts, ideas, discoveries, and adventures are limitless now here on Earth.

We can support this goal of discovering 99.9% of the ocean by focusing on the future.

Providing more children with the awareness of our deepest discovery’s newest knowledge may lead to a future Victor Vescavo or underwater Marco Polo.

This is how legends are born; by providing the greatest knowledge at a young age.

Can you imagine how delighted a child will be when finding out about the treasures and possibilities?

Our children will reach our goal of discovering 99.9% of the ocean - our deepest discovery.

----

When this goal is achieved, what opportunities will humanity have?


237
What opportunities will we miss out on if we do not lead in this direction?

Haven’t we missed out on enough OPPORTUNITIES?

As a people, are we going to sit here and continue to say no to what is?

Can we afford to continue to sit here and live this reactive life that was designed for us to live?

If the answer is no, then we take the tools we have right now and use them to our best of our abilities.

We can learn to do the best that we can with them.

We’re not just looking to today or tomorrow; we’re looking at ten and five years from now about what could happen if we go in this direction instead of the one that Uncle Sam points to near the local governor or congressman.

The bottom line is, we must first get into a deeper mental state to go to the deep ocean before accessing it to achieve a deeper mind.


238
We have to find more profound courage and understanding and a deeper love on a global scale.

A superficial level of thinking doesn’t exist at these depths.

To reach these literal milestones, everything we’re doing has to come to a deeper level.

Our communications with other people, how we allocate our resources, teach children, treat ourselves, and, ultimately, the way we think must change.

The actions we take to the things we buy must shift. These adjustments seem too drastic to those who do not have this book, but to you, the reader, you have seen the diamonds, and you have seen the light.

So, these are the ways we can support the explorations of these modern-day legends.

Remember that they risk their lives for global empowerment and the deepest understanding.





239
To create the first book ever written on complete ocean exploration, I had to risk my mindset, paradigm, and the way I thought.

This is the central precept - to change the way you think.

Nothing can stop you. Nothing can stop us.

We can continue to dive deeper until we reach our deepest discovery.

In return for our courage to shift, we will have the deepest wealth, peace, knowledge, and knowingness of our Earth.

Our efforts will culminate into more profound intelligence and relationship with life.

They say that money is the root of all evil because the precursor to war is money.

You can’t have war without money. If people used this money on medicines, then they would have found cures instead of guns.

If they used this money on discovery, they would have found treasure instead of regression.




240
Treasures of gold and abundance would bombard them instead of the fruits of war. In the deep, there is no war.

But on the surface here on land, it seems that the deepest discovery is money.

Yet if you search deeper, you find money is attached to a mindset.

Money is like a hammer.

If you have a hammer in an architect’s hand, then that hammer will wield a stunning piece of work, but if that very same hammer were put into a violent fool’s hands, you would see destruction.

Mindset here is the most important thing. This is why when you have enough benefits, you can change a person’s mindset.

If I tell you that there will be trillions of dollars a year spent in the beauty, gold, or medicine industries by going in the deep ocean, then you will awaken to the realization that these markets are more significant than war’s profits.

This direction offers something greater than war; it offers a new mindset.


241
One of the greatest gifts a person can give to another is to offer them the opportunity for an improved mindset that will advance and expand them.

To most, the greatest gifts are those of wealth, but as we discovered through our exploration, this just isn’t the case.

Abraham Lincoln once said, “My best friend is a person who had gifted me a book.”

One way we can switch our mindset is how we view pressure. Something once always resisted is now transforming into one of the most remarkable technologies.

Only a mindset of this kind can bring us world peace if we collectively adopt it.

We can start taking creative ideas from authors, artists, scientists, explorers, and other bright people and use them to facilitate world peace and change instead of the primate-based war mindset. Rising from this territorial pattern of our ancestry is the only way to truly reflect an intelligent species on this planet.




242
Pressurized energy is one of those ideas. Imagine if we can master converting the force from pressure into electricity. Harnessing the deep ocean would provide unlimited output for all of humanities needs, permanently.

So, I came across the idea of pressure energy, and the highest pressure located on this planet, located at the bottom of the ocean. Right now, we’re looking at this pressure as an obstacle for our deep-sea exploration, but it is actually a gift.

This pressure is a universal amount of energy.

Not only can it be used to generate any energy that we need, but it can be used to propel a wide array of watercraft and one day energize our underwater cities.

If we were advanced enough to a place where we can advance ourselves toward the deep ocean and dwell there, then we can propel any object through the deep ocean’s pressure and to the surface.

If we had a city down deep, we could travel to the surface without any type of energy other


243
than the pressure from an increased gradient toward a lower gradient at the ocean’s surface. Not only can we master this propulsion, but we can also generate and store energy in this manner.

This is also a great way to harness energy - not only for deep-sea explorations but also on the way down as the pressure increases. There can be a different type of mobile that can also generate energy from the pressure gradient, from the lowest to the highest on the descent.

We have already successfully harnessed gravitational force conversion toward electromagnetic energy. This technology would
be our mastership of gravity’s continuation.




















244

AUTHOR BIO
















Christian  is  a  healing  mystic  with  a  degree  in

Registered Nursing. He currently lives in New York, where he creates music as an independent musician. He claims he has discovered how to connect his music with the rhythms of Earth. He is also a new millennium poet. His passion is to help the younger generation acquire knowledge to heal the planet through helping nature and spreading truth. He is a Sedona Method releaser. He helps people learn the Sedona Method to release their spiritual liberation. He teaches about the omnipresence of man and emotional freedom in Long Island. He also practices Jeet Kune Do and physical training in his off-time. You can email him at c.cassarly@gmail.com.


245
