Dinoworld
Origins: Scarface

K. Thomas Olsen

Smashwords Edition V 1.0

This version of this book is for Smashwords and its accompanying venues.  Any unauthorized distribution, without full concent of the author, is prohibited.

©2015
Chapter 1

The male Deinonychus looked over the valley floor as the sun began to rise on the horizon.  Clouds shone in brilliant reds and oranges, a brief but beautiful display of natural beauty.  The male always enjoyed these brief moments, but today the pleasure would have to be short lived.

Gazing down at his sleeping mate, the male knew they had to move quickly.  They remained in the territory of a large pack of rival Deinonychus, and his mate was gravid.  She would have to lay her eggs soon if the next generation was to survive.  Prolonging the egg laying had dire consequences, often by the female generating a secondary layer over the eggshell.  He had seen this many times.  With a shell so thick, no hatching could survive.

As the female awoke, the male urged her to move.  There would not be time for a morning meal.  It was too dangerous.  Another day and they would pass out of the territory and be safe.  Then they would need to find a place to nest.  The pains of hunger began to take their toll, but the pair of dinosaurs had endured much worse.

Walking side by side the pair passed by a herd of Corythosaurus, the herbivorous dinosaurs paying no heed to the predators.  The male looked longingly at the animals, four times greater in length and much heavier, a single kill would sustain a full pack of raptors for a week.  However, taking down such a beast would require a pack of ten or more individuals.  Two weaker creatures would stand no chance.  And so, they moved on.  Patience was key.  Smaller meals were less desirable, but at least they would sustain the pair.

At last, after a full day without rest or sustenance, the pair could no longer smell traces of the enemy pack's territory.  The female curled under a low lying tree branch and drifted to sleep.  She would have to nest tomorrow or risk the safety of her clutch.  She needed food, but was too weak to hunt.  Now, sleep was all she could do.  In the dimming light of dusk, she made herself comfortable for the night.

The male looked down upon his mate, sensing her weakened state.  It was risky, but he had to find food for her.  There were few things a solitary Deinonychus could acquire and night was primed with another breed of hunters.  Nevertheless, he could not stand to see his mate suffer.  He would venture forth into the darkness.  If the need arose, he would sacrifice himself.  Such was the cost of survival.

The female awoke to the sound of something falling in front of her.  In the night air, it was difficult to see, but her sense of smell told her what she needed.  It was food.  Not much, a lizard of some sort, but it was better than nothing.  Slowly she scooped the morsel into her jaws and swallowed, feeling great satisfaction as the raw meat slid down her throat.  Then, she returned to her rest.

The male watched as his mate accepted his offering.  The offering was small, but it was something.  Turning again to the forest, he ventured out once more.  Time and time again, he returned to his mate, sacrificing his own well-being for hers.  Only when he was satisfied that she had eaten enough did he turn attention to himself.  The night was half-gone and the lack of sleep deterred his senses, but he needed food of his own.  Once more, he ventured into the darkness.  This time, to hunt for his own needs.

The following morning it was the female who woke first with the sun already well on its way across the horizon.  She found her mate curled beside her, a half-eaten lizard before him.  Cocking her head, she leaned close, finished the tidbit of nourishment, and felt satisfied for the first time in many sleep cycles.

The male awoke soon after.  Dizzy from lack of food and sleep, he allowed his mate to lead.  After several hours, when the sun was at its peak, the female stopped.  A group of shrubs under the shade of a tree had caught her eye.  She approached slowly and searched for any hints of another predatory creature.  Finding none, she began clawing the soil.

The male watched for several moments and then wandered a short distance away.  He gathered fallen branches and other foliage, and then brought them to his mate.  She was now squatting over a small hole and had begun to lay her eggs.

There were seven in total, each about the size of the adult raptor's hand and cream colored.  It was a decent sized clutch.  At least for now the duo could rest.  They would have to move soon after the eggs hatched, but for now they could remain.  This place was safe, and that was most important right now.

The male curled tightly into a ball in the shade.  He was exhausted and needed rest.  They both did.  The current situation was stable, so the male closed his eyes and slept.
****
Three weeks passed.  Of the seven original eggs, five remained.  Two had been taken by scavengers while the pair was hunting.  While it saddened them for a time, instinct drove them on.  Losses occurred all the time, but at least they still had a future.  Many nests were not so lucky.

Shorter joint hunts with the pair yielded larger prey, but left the eggs unattended.  It was risky, but well worth the reward.  Now, the eggs had begun to hatch.

The soft squeaking of infants greeted the pair one morning.  Four small Deinonychus covered in damp green plumage greeted the daylight.  The fifth could be heard struggling inside the shell.  The egg rocked, the unborn infant struggling against the wall of its confinement.  The male watched anxiously, wondering if this egg had waited too long in the womb.

The rocking slowed, then ceased.  All eyes were on the now unmoving egg.  Suddenly, as if by some force of shear will, the egg wall broke away as the infant used one last blow to escape.  Though only the head was visible, the infant continued to struggle and forced the rest of its body into the open air.  Clawing its way out of the shell, it squeaked and grunted.  It was difficult work, but the struggle would make it stronger.

The infant collapsed onto its side, then righted itself to be seated on its tiny haunches.  It looked around, dazed at its new surroundings, and then stood.  Shaking at first, then finally found firm balance.  Within moments, the five hatchlings were able to walk relatively well.  They sniffed each other, their nest, and their parents, imprinting the scent of family into their memories.

The adults looked at their newfound family, then at each other.  The male left to search for food.  The infants would be hungry and even though some had already begun snapping at insects and other small creatures on the ground, fresh dinosaur meat would be best.  The female watched the antics of her new family and, had nature allowed her to do so, she would have smiled.
****
As time passed, the infants grew and it soon became time for the family of raptors to move to another territory.  They were in neutral ground, which was both a blessing and a curse.  Having no established territory meant they did not have to defend, but it also meant other predators would take advantage of the bounty within.  Being a small group, they could not defend against other packs and they could not join another due to the infants.  The Alpha of any pack would kill them immediately to ensure his own genes would be the ones passed on to the next generation.

One day, while the family had stopped to drink, the infants were allowed to explore the surrounding area.  Two wrestled with each other, another napped and the fourth began searching for any insects or ground crawlers it could find to snack on.  The smallest of the infants followed this sibling.

It was well known by the infants that creatures hid underneath logs and timber.  The first infant approached a promising looking log while the smaller one watched on.  Overturning the log, the infant was rewarded with a payment of grubs and beetles.  Their hiding place discovered, the creatures tried to quickly flee the greedy jaws of the hungry infant.

One particularly large beetle caught the attention of the infant.  Rather than running, the insect pulled its legs tight against its body leaving only the hard shell to contend with the invader.  Spying the large prize, the infant approached and began to claw at the carapace.  When that failed, it tried gnawing but only succeeded in rubbing its gum line raw.

Seeing as the remaining prey had escaped, returning to the moist earth under another log, the infant grunted in frustration before returning to the group.  The smaller infant remained, slowly approaching the strange creature.  It had eaten beetles before, but none this large.  There had to be a way to get at the flesh beneath the shell.

Walking around the beetle, the infant examined the shell from every angle.  Then it pushed on the side of the shell, lifting the bug on its side and finally onto its back.  Brown hairs covered the segmented torso of the beetle, slowly contracting and expanding as the insect forced air in and out of its body.  Could these segments be softer than the rest of the body?

Experimentally, the infant inserted its hand claws and pressed down.  The segments immediately contracted.  A sign of pain.  Pain meant a soft part of the body.  The infant separated its jaws in a wicked saurian version of a smile, wondering what this new creature would taste like.

The family needed to move on.  Crying out for the infants to gather, the male saw that four of the five were at his feet and ready to move.  Seeing that the smallest infant was not in the immediate area, the male called out again.  This time the infant emerged, licking the sides of its jaws.  The male snorted in approval and began walking, the female and their five infants following.

What remained unseen was the hollowed shell of the black beetle.  The infant had discovered its weakness.  It was through this small act the infant began to have more courage.  It did not have to be stronger than its prey.  Only smarter.
Chapter 2

The infants grew quickly.  They were soon two feet in length and fast becoming deadly killers.  Though still too young for large prey, they assisted in hunts for medium sized animals that fed the pack for a couple of days.  They learned quickly and were eager to please their parents.  As a family unit, they searched for a territory they could call their own.

The youngest of the infants was slightly smaller than average, but it had the respect of its kin.  A month previous while the adults hunted, the youngsters were left alone in a secluded area.  A group of mammals had invaded and attacked.  The youngest fought back, killing three of the invaders.  The rest were wounded and fled, but not before taking the life of one of the infants.

Now numbering four offspring, the adults were determined not to allow anything else to happen to the remainder of their seed.  They traveled together and all hunts were performed as a family group.  And it was time to hunt once again.

Their options limited, the pack wandered close alongside a river.  Plenty of prey items presented themselves if only the pack were strong enough to take advantage of it.  As such, the creatures that did see the pack paid little to no heed to the passing carnivores.  Purely by numbers, they could overwhelm the hunters.  Instead, they watched calmly and sensed no danger.

At last, an opportunity presented itself.  A young hadrosaur had separated itself from the rest of the herd.  Immediately, the pack went into stealth mode.  The adults looked at the infants, giving silent instructions.  At once, three of the small Deinonychus departed while the youngest remained with its parents.  The infants had their job, and the adults had theirs.  Moreover, the success or failure of the hunt would depend on the actions of the youngest.

It was not a position to be taken lightly, and the adults did not trust the other three infants with such a task.  The youngest, though small, had proven itself capable of following instructions and following through with no distraction.  Such discipline was vital to the success of the hunt.

The infants positioned themselves carefully behind an outcropping, lined themselves with their prey, and charged.  The hadrosaur honked in surprise and turned toward its herd, only to find the path blocked by the two larger snarling raptors.  Primal instinct drove the creature to run away from danger, and so it ran without thinking.

The panicked cries of the hadrosaur had alerted the rest of its herd.  Some began to flee while those closest to the youngster had the urge to protect their offspring.  They faced the menace and saw the youngster was already being chased.  They were about to pursue when the youngest of the raptor infants made his presence known.

Shrieking, the infant leapt from the foliage and landed on the nearest hadrosaur.  His tiny claws could barely penetrate the hide of the larger creature, but his duty was not to kill, but to distract.  If the protective herd members made it to their youngster then the hunt would fail.  Therefore, he presented them with a more direct threat.  With danger immediately present, the youngster was forgotten.

A large male hadrosaur lunged with its shoulder in an attempt to crush the infant against another herd animal.  The infant dodged quickly by leaping onto the creature's back and latching on hard.  The male howled as trickles of blood emerged from the hooked flesh and the infant dug deeper.  The infant knew the animals well and could feel every movement of muscle beneath its small body.

The lust for blood began to fill the infant.  The thrill was too great for him to ignore.  Opening his jaws, the infant lunged and bit into the hide of the hadrosaur.  The creature howled again and shook its body.  The infant stayed put with a grip like iron, refusing to give heed.  The victim fell onto its side, the impact jarring the infant's balance but not its grip.

The force of the fall caused the infant to break three of his teeth as the flesh was torn from the victim's body.  A cry from the distance alerted the infant to a successful hunt, so he removed his claws and exited the scene with haste.  Its jaw ached, but the teeth would grow again.

The current threat gone, the adult hadrosaurs forgot about the lost infant of their own.  Self-preservation was the greatest of instincts among them.  The wounds on the male were minor and would soon heal, leaving only a scar as a remnant.
****
The day following the kill, the family of Deinonychus had to leave once again.  They had eaten their fill of fresh meat, but the smell of death always brought the scavengers.  Small at first and then, inevitably, the larger creatures found their way.  It was not worth the risk to defend their kill.

Still following the stream, the family moved on.  There soon came to be a new smell in the air.  It was something never before encountered by the adults.  Strange and messy, it smelled like a mammal but unlike anything they were familiar.  Switching to caution, the group slowed their pace and switched to a silent stalking.

The adults silently instructed the infants to conceal themselves.  All but the youngest followed the instructions.  The adults did not scold the youngling for disobeying, having proven itself to be stealthy enough in the past, but instructed it to remain close.  Together the trio advanced, wary of what these new creatures may present.

Splashing about in the stream ahead were the creatures.  Slightly taller than the raptors, they had smooth pink skin and a crown of fur on top of their heads.  Using complex vocalizations, they appeared to communicate with each other.  They appeared to be playing with one another, but in a manner yet unseen by the raptors.

Too strange for the raptor mind to comprehend, and with no apparent danger, the trio retreated into the shadows.  Gathering the remainder of their family, they progressed farther along the stream, only now keeping their distance from the source of water.  It was unknown whether these new creatures would present a danger should they discover the family, or if they would present a future source of food.  The pack chose to avoid them for now.  If only they knew that, unlike saurians, human individuals were quite different from one another.

For two days, the family followed the stream, remaining out of sight of the source of water but always keeping it within hearing distance.  At length, they arrived at a clearing that overlooked a beautiful lake.  A few small creatures drank at the water's edge and the pack decided to rest for a while.  Having been sustained with small prey they were satisfied but would soon need to hunt again.  Now was the chance to regain their needed strength.

The infants joined their parents basking in the warm sunlight while the youngest observed his surroundings.  A dragonfly caught his attention and he began stalking.  Though the food value would amount to little more than a snack, the challenge is what drove the infant further.  Fast and unpredictable, dragonflies proved to be fitting to test the infant's skill.

The insect flew overhead and the infant leapt upward, catching the prey in his jaws.  With a few snaps, he swallowed the insect before seeking more of the amusing creatures.  He found them behind some plants near the water's edge.  Stealthily he approached, knowing that any wrong movement would cause the dragonflies to immediately take flight and move across the open water where the infant would be unable to follow.

Preparing himself, the infant saw two dragonflies sitting next to each other.  Could he get two at once?  It would certainly benefit his skills.  Moreover, it would be a true test.  The infant reveled in such challenges to his abilities.

Narrowing his eyes and taking aim the infant was about to charge when suddenly the sound of thunder filled the air.  Jerking his head around the infant saw it was a clear sky.  How could there be thunder?  Twice more the thunder sounded, then finally a third blast.  Looking back, the infant saw two humans laughing and cheering.  His parents and siblings lay at the feet of their attackers, unmoving.

Rage filled the infant and it charged headlong toward the invaders.  Approaching them, he shrieked his fury and leapt, striking one human across the face.  The human fell, shouting in surprise and pain.  The infant turned to face his adversary when another sound of thunder rang through the air and the ground beside the infant exploded.

The infant jumped backwards as the second human lifted a metal stick and pointed it at the infant.  It suddenly dawned that this object was the cause of the thunder, making whatever it was pointed toward explode.  The infant leapt away just as another boom sounded and ran as fast as he could in the direction of the trees.  A final sound of thunder echoed, the tree adjacent to the infant exploding in a shower of splinters.  The sound echoed in his ears, forever etched in his mind.

The infant ran slightly farther and then stopped.  He was unable to grasp the situation fully and so rounded the area while sticking to the tree line.  He could see the two humans clearly, their faces and the strange objects they wore on their bodies.  One had three crimson streaks across the side of its face, shoving the other away and shouting.

After their squabble, the humans took the bodies of the infant raptor's family and placed them into a strange object that opened like a cave.  The two then entered the front and the cave began moving away on its own, leaving the infant alone.

The infant emerged slowly, approaching the spot where his family was resting peacefully only moments before.  He sniffed the ground, taking in the scent of his parents and two siblings with the knowledge he would never see them again.

Several questions filled the infant's head.  Why did the humans kill his family?  They did not appear to want them for food and there was no threat being displayed.  What kind of animal killed for no reason?  What was he to do now?  He was skilled, but could he survive on his own?

Sorrow turned to anger as the infant approached the spot where the two humans had stood.  He sniffed the ground and the few drops of blood that had been spilt.  He took in the scents, etching them in his mind.  He would remember them.  He could do nothing now, but would learn the secrets of the thunder sticks.  However, he could do nothing about that now.  All he could do was try to survive as a lone infant in a hostile world.
Chapter 3

The first few days alone passed with little incident.  The infant was able to survive off   various insects, lizards, and small mammals he could overtake.  However, it was not without danger.  The infant had always had the companionship of his family and soon began to yearn for social interaction.

Without his parents’ experienced guidance, the infant wandered without knowing if it were in any other creature's territory.  It could recognize the scents of others, but knew not of any significance.  Life and death played out constantly.  Too many creatures presented danger, and in this particular area, the humans were more abundant.  It had been made obvious the humans were dangerous, but even without their weapons they could inflict serious harm to the youngster.

After a full week passed, the infant began to hunger for more substantial prey.  Small snacks would no longer suffice.  Although he had never done so before, the infant would have to hunt.  It could not be anything too large, but something larger than mere rodents.

Being late in the season, the leaves on the trees had begun to change color from green to yellow and red.  Winter was approaching and the chances of survival for one so young without a pack were slim.  To make matters more difficult, much of the prey had moved farther south.  Larger animals had become more visibly scarce.

A small flock of Compsognathus caught the attention of the infant.  There were at least ten in the group, their yellow hides with black spots making them more difficult to see in this changing season.  Slightly larger in size than the infant, they appeared to be an even match.  What was more, they appeared to have no knowledge of the infant's presence.

Readying his stance, the infant crouched low.  And then fate intervened.  A change in the wind caused his scent to blow toward his prey.  Immediately alerted, the Compsognathus scattered.  Not to be denied his prey, the infant gave chase despite the disadvantage.  He was fast and agile, but the Compsognathus had experience.

Being small, the yellow dinosaurs were often preyed upon.  But experience had taught them tricks to evade capture.  Sometimes a group would head for a fallen log, some leaping over while others ducked under.  In the confusion, the predator would become distracted.  Other times, the small dinosaurs would take to the trees and mock the predator until it gave up in frustration.

All of these tactics were used against the infant, and they all succeeded.  The infant was left on the forest floor, snarling at the wily creatures.  Pacing back and forth, he tried to formulate a plan but was too disturbed by the constant chattering of the creatures.  Finally, he decided to look elsewhere for prey.
****
Night was cold.  Far colder when one was alone.  It was much different without the strength and comfort of his family, but the infant strove onward.  None were there to protect him should he need it.  None would comfort him when scared.  And none would gather food when he was hungry.  It was at this time when the infant’s fear and anger were strongest.  It was these emotions that drove him onward.

Dawn finally came, and with it the pains of hunger.  The infant was becoming weaker, and without his strength he could not hunt larger prey.  Lizards and insects still made up the majority of his diet, but even they could escape or fight back against a weakened youngster.  Striving onward, the infant refused to give up.  He would continue until he had no strength, and then push himself further.

While amid his thoughts, a new smell filled the infant's olfactory system.  It was meat, but unlike anything he had smelled before.  Some type of herbs, and also fire.  The smell of smoke frightened the youngster on an instinctive level, but his higher brain functions overrode it.  It was not raw smoke.  It was small and controlled.

Curious of this new development, the infant approached.  Poking his head through the underbrush, he could see a clearing with strange red structures.  Humans were walking about, and there was the fire.  Surrounded by rocks, it was small and stayed within the confines of its prison.  And above the fire, the infant could see strips of meat.

The thought of meat caused the infant to salivate, the anticipation making his stomach rumble.  However, he would have to be quick.  There was no telling if these humans possessed the sticks that took his family from him.

The thought of his family caused the rage in the infant to stir.  His eyes narrowed as he glared at the humans, still oblivious to his presence.  How the infant wished he could let his anger be let loose on these creatures, but he was too weak to do so.  He had to regain his strength.  Now was not the time for rash action.  Once he was stronger, he could attack.  But not now.

Eyeing the meat once again, the infant waited for the humans to turn their backs and then charged.  He moved swiftly, making it nearly to the fire in the pit before being noticed.  The humans began shouting, the one nearest grabbing a stick from the ground.  But the infant would not give up.

Latching onto the first strip of meat, the infant cringed at the searing heat but kept moving.  And that was when the blow from the human's stick came.  Luckily it was not one of the thunder sticks, but the blow came hard and struck the infant's outer toe.  A shot of pain ran through his body as he suppressed a scream, not willing to let go of his prize.

Before the human could land another strike, the infant was running.  Doing all that he could not to limp he ran full speed to the trees.  After a few moments of running, the infant chanced a look backward and saw he was not being pursued.

Heart still pounding, the infant continued though much slower now.  The pain shot through his toe every time his foot landed.  Looking down, he saw the toe had been broken.  Twisted inward, there was nothing he could do except live with the injury.  The pain would be something he had to become accustomed.  The pain would make him stronger.

Upon finding a secluded area, the infant began to eat.  The meat was strange to the infant, but not unpleasant.  He had never before tasted of spices or seasoning.  But he knew this would be a rare thing for him.  Raiding a human camping site was risky, especially at his size, and being injured would make it more difficult.  He had to formulate a plan in order to survive.

As the meat reached his belly, the infant could feel it would be more easily digested.  That would give him more energy, but it also meant that he would have to eat again sooner.  Alone and injured he would not last long.  He needed companionship, and that meant finding a new pack of Deinonychus.
****
Another week passed.  The nights grew steadily colder but were still tolerable.  Walking on the broken toe still hurt, but the infant had come to accept the pain.  He barely limped, though his physical condition was rapidly deteriorating due to malnutrition.  Still the infant walked onward, hoping to find a pack that he could join.

At long last, a breeze wafted through the air, the familiar scent of other Deinonychus coming to the infant amidst the smell of a fresh kill.  The scent faint, but consisted of several individuals.  Using the wind, the infant determined the general location of the pack.  He moved rapidly, his hope renewed.  Soon he would be among his own kind once again.

The following day he came upon the pack.  It was large, consisting of twelve adults and twice as many youngsters.  A pack with this many individuals had to be strong, and with that was strong leadership.  Not many groups were able to survive with so many youngsters.  Perhaps they would not mind one more.

The infant scanned the group, searching for the one they all yielded.  After a few moments, he found who he believed to be this pack's Alpha.  From the left side, Alpha looked normal.  But once he turned the right side of his body, it was complete opposite.  From the face all the way past his arm was horribly scarred and barren of the typical raptor plumage, the result of being horribly burned in a past incident.

With Alpha blind in the right eye, the infant would approach from the left so he could be seen.  The pack had just eaten, a large hadrosaur carcass being nearby.  The infant stared at the meat, but knew not to approach.  Taking meat would result in hostile responses, and the infant needed to be accepted by Alpha first.

He approached slowly, keeping himself low in a humble position.  Alpha heard him coming and turned to face the infant.  Glaring at him with his good eye, Alpha uttered a warning growl.  The infant stopped immediately, but necessity drove him to try approaching again.

Alpha stood and approached slowly, taking in the infant's form.  Small with an injured foot along with a body that was weak and frail, it seemed to be no threat to the pack leader.  Alpha snorted a warning and began to walk away.  Not to be denied the chance to prove himself, the infant approached once again.

Without warning Alpha spun around quickly and lashed out with his jaws, only missing because the infant reacted in time by rearing back.  The infant shrieked, and then all eyes of the pack were on him.  No longer seen as a potential member, the infant was now an invader in their territory.

Surrounded, the infant ran toward what seemed to be the easiest path away from the enraged pack.  His path was quickly blocked and soon the snarling infants of the horde were upon him.  Unable to win this fight directly, the infant leapt over the incoming hunters and landed hard on his injured foot.

The infant shrieked again and found Alpha standing before him.  The infant was stunned and froze shortly, only to see Alpha raise his claws.  The blow came too fast for the infant to react.  Burning pain filled the left side of his face as claws raked against his skin.

Shrieking in agony the infant ran blindly.  He could hear Alpha pursuing close behind, but the primal instinct of survival drove him faster.  His foot now numb from pain, the infant ran without restraint.  Too quickly, however, his path came to an end.

The infant skid to a stop as the ground ended, a cliff below him.  The sound of rushing water filled the infant's ears but he did not see the source.  His attention was behind him, where Alpha was approaching and preparing the final strike.  The infant was afraid, trembling between the decision of an enraged adult before him and a far drop behind him.  He backed up slowly, only to have the weak soil beneath his feet give way.

He fell, shrieking loudly as the top of the cliff grew smaller.  It seemed an eternity until he struck the cold surface of the water.  The force of the blow, combined with the coolness of the temperature, stunned the infant.  He could barely move.  He could barely keep his head above water.

The current carried the infant farther and another roar of water began to fill his ears.  Looking ahead, the infant could see where the water ended in another fall.  He was powerless.  All he could do now was wait.  And when he fell this time, he did not scream.
****
The light came, blinding at first but then faded.  A coldness surrounded the infant as his mind cleared, bringing his surroundings into focus.  He was on the riverbank, still alive.  There were no sounds save for the water and the ragged breaths of the weakened infant.

Slowly, the infant stood.  The memories returned hard and fast.  Tumbling from the cliff and over the waterfall, the rejection from the Alpha raptor, and the death of his parents.  It was as if the entire world was against him, and yet he survived.  He would be forever changed.

Feelings of pure rage flowed over the infant, drowning out everything else in his mind.  There was no room for compassion.  He hated the humans for what they had done to him.  He hated his own kind for rejecting him.  He hated everything!

Through shear will, the infant focused his thoughts.  The world was cruel and without mercy.  In order to survive, he would have to become the same.

A short distance down the river, the infant spied a lone hadrosaur that had come to drink.  It knew the infant was there, but experience had taught it that small predators on their own were no threat.  That was the last mistake it would ever make.

As another memory surfaced, the infant Deinonychus' mind snapped.  Erupting in a shriek of rage, the infant leapt on the newfound object to endure his wrath.  Clawing and biting, the infant worked to take down his prey.  The creature howled and shook as pain surged through vital points on its neck.  Struggling to hold on to the violent shaking, the infant dug deeper.

A twist from the hadrosaur sent the infant flying from the beast but he quickly righted himself, digging claws into the earth before leaping once again onto the giant.  In blind fury, the infant attacked.  It would not fail, and it would take down the beast.  It would destroy all who opposed his might.  It would kill without mercy, no matter the size of the opponent.

The hadrosaur howled in pain trying to dislodge the attacker, shaking violently before a key nerve was struck.  The hadrosaur reared up, howling once more before falling into the river.  Water exploded in a brilliant splash as the creature died, the infant still lodged in the flesh.

Riding his fallen victim to the ground, the infant shrieked his victory.  Again, he shrieked before blinding pain filled his head.  The emotions he felt were far too intense for one so young, the brain producing a surplus of chemicals to deal with it.  The chemicals caused a change in the infant, forcing his body into a type of early maturity.  His body would still grow, but he would be forever altered.

The pain faded, a sharpness in vision and other senses never before experienced greeted the reborn Deinonychus.  Spreading his arms wide, he roared.  No longer bound by the restrictions of infancy, the deep roar echoed for miles through the trees.  All manner of creatures fled in fear and the Deinonychus felt a newfound power within him.

No longer was he an infant, weak and frail.  He was much more, and he would continue to grow in skill.  Nothing would be safe from him.  Seeing his reflection in the water, he could see the marks given to him by the Alpha.  Three parallel stripes over the left side of his face.  These would heal, leaving scars as a testament of his new life.  This was who he was now.  He was Scarface.
****
For a full day, Scarface was able to defend his kill from scavengers.  The smaller ones were easily frightened and some of the slightly larger ones had to be attacked.  It soon became clear that the sheer numbers would soon make defending the kill futile.  It was not because he wanted the meat, but to test his own strength.

Deciding it would be better than admitting defeat, Scarface abandoned the site.  Even as he was walking away, he could hear the scavengers that had lain in wait for an opportunity.  These were of no consequence to Scarface.  He had clear enemies, and he would do all that was possible to eliminate them.

Anger had replaced any fear that had remained in the heart of Scarface.  With determination, he pressed forward, eating as he went.  It did not matter what he ate.  He had slain a hadrosaur more than a hundred times his mass, and he could do it again.  The world was his prey.  The humans would suffer for what they had done to him.

As if by chance, the scent of human came wafting into Scarface's olfactory lobes.  He followed the scent and found one lone human kneeling next to a stream.  The memory of his family's deaths renewed, Scarface roared and leapt at the human.

The human turned and jumped out of the way as Scarface landed.  It removed something from its side and pointed it at Scarface.  Thunder stick!  Smaller but unmistakable, the weapon would make things more difficult.

Leaping to the side as the first shots were discharged, Scarface leapt forward and slashed.  The satisfying resistance of flesh against his claws would have drawn a smile if he were capable.  Blood dripped from his talons as the human fell to its knees, grabbing the bloodstained cloth on its lower back.

Again, Scarface leapt.  High into the air, his aim was to land on the human's back and finish the creature in the same manner as the hadrosaur.  However, leaping into the open air left it exposed, and Scarface had underestimated the human's speed.

Scarface was struck hard on the side as the human spun around wielding a large stick, the impact knocking the wind from Scarface.  He landed hard on the ground, gasping for air.  His eyes grew wide as the human once again aimed the small thunder stick.  Scarface leapt to his feet and began running, still barely able to breathe.

Shots fired out but passed harmlessly beside Scarface.  After a few seconds, the shots ceased.  But Scarface continued to run.  He had been a fool to attack in such a manner.  Humans were different from most animals.  They were witty and intelligent, able to adapt quickly and use tools to aid them.  If he were to avenge his family, Scarface would first have to learn of the humans to discover their weakness.
****
Weeks passed.  Scarface had begun to suffer greatly, the wounds on his face burned fiercely and scratching only made things worse.  Unknown to him the wounds had become infected, swelling to nearly close his eye.  He was weak and although his broken toe had nearly healed, he found himself struggling to keep going.

His emotions could only keep him going for so long.  But even now, he was close to giving up.  It was then he heard a commotion in the clearing ahead.  Two humans were speaking with one another, and then one of them struck the other.  Scarface was intrigued.  Did humans generally fight among one another in such a manner?

The human struck the other once again using the end of his thunder stick.  The man fell, a trickle of blood running down his forehead.  Unconcerned of the consequences, Scarface emerged.  The standing human spoke again, then stepped back.  He motioned to Scarface to approach the fallen man.

Seeing the downed human, rage began to rise up once again, giving strength to the young Scarface.  He attacked fiercely as the standing human watched.  Having killed the fallen human, Scarface felt intense satisfaction in what he had done.  The other human approached and reached out.

Scarface could not outrun this human, nor could he attack without being killed.  He allowed the human to touch his face, though doing so increased his rage.  Perhaps this human could be of use.  Scarface could never survive on his own and, weakened as he was, he would die in a few days.

The human spoke softly, a wide grin spreading across his face.  He knelt and lifted Scarface, taking him to a strange contraption he had only seen from a distance in the past.  The contraption began rolling across the ground and the duo soon arrived at another contraption.

Being motioned inside, Scarface obeyed and seated himself on one of the cushioned seats.  It was soft, and Scarface soon found himself sleeping.
****
Trevor Peck flipped a variety of switches in the cockpit of his star cruiser, the young raptor he discovered having fallen asleep in back.  He could tell the dinosaur was in a much-weakened state, but it would prove to be a valuable investment if it survived.

With a swollen face and infected wound on its face, Trevor would have to hurry in order to ensure its survival.  Within moments, he was flying the ship through the atmosphere and into the blackness of space.

"K-1 this is BH," Trevor said into the headset.  "Mission complete, returning with precious cargo."  While on business, Trevor referred to himself as BH, or Bounty Hunter, for the sake of anonymity.  K-1 was also a code, this one for his contact on the world of Khepri.

"Copy, BH," a voice on the other end said.  "Please explain type of precious cargo."

Trying to determine how best to describe his cargo without risking being overheard by prying ears he said, "Military dog, ripe for the picking.  Medical attention required."

"Understood.  Transmitting coordinates now, access code Gamma."

"Copy, K-1.  Access code Gamma.  BH out."

Trevor punched in the coordinates to his flight computer and immediately deleted them from his log memory.  As a bounty hunter, secrecy was everything.  He could not allow the location of his employer to be known to the common people.  Moreover, with a new pet that would be trained to do his bidding, he would become the greatest bounty hunter on all the colonized worlds.
Chapter 4

"How is he?”  Trevor asked the doctor.  "Will he make it?"

The doctor emerged from the operating area and removed his mask and gloves, throwing them in a nearby garbage can.

"He'll survive," said the doctor.  "But it will take time.  The physical damage he sustained was extensive, and I can only imagine what kind of emotional scars that creature will have."

"Emotional scars mend in time.  What can you tell me about his physical condition?"

"Well, it's a good thing you found him when you did.  He was borderline starvation.  I doubt he would have been able to last another day.  His blood chemistry is a bit odd and clearly he has led a very stressful life."

Trevor looked at the young dinosaur from behind the glass, the bandages on its face covering the eye and medication being transferred via several IV’s.  "Will the facial wounds heal?"

The doctor took a deep breath and sighed.  "The infection should heal within a couple of days with proper medication, but with how advanced the infection was this guy will be left with some rather large scars over his face."

"Scarface..." Trevor muttered.

"What was that?"

"Sorry, nothing.  Could you tell me what species it is?  I never learned that much about the wildlife before going after my quarry on Dinoworld."

"The species is a purebred Deinonychus lewenii, the general classification being raptors.  The military is breeding this same species, actually.  Though I believe the military has made some modifications."

"Can he be trained?"

"Not until he recovers, but I see no reason he can't undergo the same training as the engineered ones.  He'll be an outcast for sure, but as long as you can pay the fees."

"It's not a problem.  The military owes me a favor."

"A favor?  May I inquire as to why?"

"Clyde Simmons," Trevor said, making the name sound like garbage coming out of his mouth.  "I was the sole survivor of my unit.  I was able to report him and was immediately afterward- shall we say- forcibly retired."

The doctor's eyes opened wide.  "I had no idea.  Do they know where he went?  I heard stories of what he did."

"No one knows for sure.  He probably high tailed it to one of the lesser worlds after his little incident.  Not many places you can hide after murdering two units of soldiers."

The two stood in silence for a few moments, watching as the young raptor slept.  It would be a few days until it would be well enough to move on its own, but Trevor had seen what it was capable of doing.  It could be trained to become so much more than what it now was.

"Rest now, my Scarface," Trevor whispered.  "And soon we will begin your training.  With you by my side, I will become the greatest bounty hunter among the stars."
****
Scarface awoke slowly.  Unbeknownst to the young dinosaur, he had been asleep for three days.  His surroundings were strange, bright lights shone everywhere and some type of tubing was inserted into his body.  Unable to see out of one eye, Scarface became agitated.

A human wearing a white robe approached and rested its hand on Scarface.  Though he despised the physical contact, the young raptor forced himself to remain still.  If he were ever to learn of the humans, he would have to cooperate with them for the time being.

Removing the tubes, the human lifted Scarface and carried him to an enclosure.  Scarface felt himself being lowered and wriggled his body out of the human's grasp as he neared the floor.  He landed on his side, but quickly righted himself.  He felt stronger and more energized than he had known in a long time.

Reaching to the bandages on the side of his face, Scarface tore them away.  It stung, but the constraint was now gone.  He was relieved to be able to see fully again.  The human pressed something behind the box it was standing behind and the wall opened up beside Scarface.  A platter slid out, filled with meat.

Scarface sniffed the meat and tasted it.  The flesh was different from anything he had tasted before, but his body was famished and so he gorged himself.  Unknown to the dinosaur, his meal had been prepared especially with enhanced vitamins and supplements in order to speed his recovery.

The human nodded, then left.  Scarface surveyed his surroundings.  He was unable to escape this area.  It gave him room to walk, but not run.  Jump, but not leap.  Scarface growled at the confinement and began to pace.

Along one wall, the raptor stopped.  It was transparent, but he could see his reflection.  Gazing at first, he turned his head and revealed the left side of his face.  He was relieved to know he was able to see out of the eye.  When Alpha had struck him, he managed to close his eye tightly, causing it to sink inward.  Had his eye been open, his vision there would have been lost.

The next thing Scarface noticed were the large wounds on his face.  Three wide, parallel marks that revealed red flesh against the green plumage.  It was the first time he had ever seen the wounds.  Scarface narrowed his eyes and scowled.  His enemies would see this face as they died by his tooth and claw.  

Sniffing the air, Scarface located a source of water.  He drank deeply before returning his attention to his confinement.  He knew the humans would not keep him there permanently.  Somehow, he knew it.  And if not, he would force his way out.  This was a new lesson for Scarface to learn.  Patience.

The patience paid off.  Two days later, the human that had found him back home returned.  The white-robed human removed Scarface from the confinement and handed him over to the other human.  Scarface nuzzled his snout against the human's neck, though performing the false affection caused his rage to build.  Although the human had saved him, it was still a human and therefore an enemy.

The humans exchanged words, none of which Scarface understood.  The human carrying him then left with the young raptor in hand.  Traveling through several passages, they emerged outside.  The noise was almost overwhelming with humans everywhere and noisy transport devices being driven by humans.  The air was putrid and activity was everywhere.

Animal instinct overcame Scarface for a moment but he fought the urge to run.  This was to be his time to learn of the humans.  He had to overcome animal instinct and become stronger.  He had to know the strengths and weaknesses of the humans.  So far, he had learned they were loud, messy, and manipulative.  That did not matter.  Scarface would learn to be manipulative as well.  The human carrying him trusted Scarface enough.  But this human was merely a tool.

The human approached a transport device and opened the side.  He placed Scarface on one side and said something before starting the device.  Suddenly, the device moved and Scarface gripped the cloth with his claws.  The human laughed, much to Scarface's dismay, and said something before repeating the words again.  Scarface would have to learn the meanings of their words if he were to overcome the humans.  He had much to learn, but he had learned much already.
Chapter 5

Trevor parked his vehicle in an open stall near the Khepri Military Base main office.  He looked to Scarface and said, "Stay here.  I'll be right back."

Scarface hissed lowly, but remained in the seat.  Nodding in satisfaction, Trevor nodded and exited.  He left the door unlocked.  Anyone that would dare open the door of a car parked at a military installation deserved whatever they got, especially if there was an angry raptor inside.

Stepping inside, Trevor made his way to the secretary.  After finishing a call, the man behind the desk looked up.  "How can I be of assistance?" he asked.

"I'm here to see General Paddon," Trevor said.  "He's expecting me."

"May I ask as to who is calling?"

"Lieutenant Colonel Trevor Peck."

The secretary nodded and pressed a button.  "Sir, there is a Lieutenant Colonel Peck to see you."

"Send him in," a voice said over the speaker.

The secretary nodded to Trevor, who proceeded to walk past two security guards and to a closed door.  Trevor promptly grabbed the handle, entered, and closed the door before turning to face his host.  He saluted promptly and stood at attention.

General Paddon was a gruff man, silvery hair cut in a sharp military style and a face that looked as if it had never smiled.  His black uniform was decorated with several dozen medals neatly aligned to precision and topped with a shirt collar that was stiff as cardboard, and probably just as uncomfortable.

"There's no need for that," Paddon said in a gargly voice that matched his appearance.  "You're retired.  Discharged.  Hell, I don't even know why you came in and addressed yourself by rank."

"Force of habit, I suppose," Trevor said.

"Yeah, well forget it.  War is over.  Damned people got what they wanted.  Peace and freedom.  Anarchy if you ask me.  They need discipline.  Enough with the chit chat.  We both know why you're here.  So?  Where is it?"

"Back in my vehicle."

"Are you stupid?  What if one of those goody two-shoes sees a natural born raptor out there?  The last thing we need are more people siding with those environmentalist groups.  Get out there and bring it in right now."

Trevor apologized and quickly retreated to his vehicle.  The last thing he wanted was to further aggravate the General.  Though there would be no discipline as a soldier, he could still be charged as a civilian.

On Khepri, the military had a supply of raptors ever since their discovery on Dinoworld.  Genetically altering their color to be black with silver stripes rather than the natural green and red, they were also enhanced to obey orders and become greater than anything nature could provide.  These were essentially the attack dogs of the military.  Small, fast and deadly, they proved to be the most effective creatures to ensure the desired fear of the targets.

Trevor opened the vehicle door and motioned Scarface to exit.  The raptor obeyed and followed Trevor as he made his way back to the general's office.  Along the way, it was clear Scarface was agitated at the presence of so many humans, many of them pointing and making silent comments on how cute the small dinosaur was following Trevor like an obedient puppy.

Upon returning, Trevor closed the door once again so the men could converse privately.  Paddon rose and approached Scarface, who stood his ground and hissed defiantly as the large man neared.

"He is a spiteful one," Paddon said.  "He will do well in the training.  You are certain this is what you want as payment for your services?"

Trevor nodded.  "With permission, I would like to check in from time to time.  Just to remind Scarface that he will be under my control once the training is complete."

"Scarface?"  Paddon looked down to see the three parallel marks running across the raptor's face, and then nodded.  "Good of a code name as any I suppose.  I will take it from here.  You are dismissed."

Trevor was about to salute, but stopped at a warning gaze from Paddon.  Instead, he simply nodded and exited.  Scarface looked at the closed door, then at the General and hissed a warning.

"You better have enjoyed your freedom, young one," said Paddon as he glared at Scarface.  "You're under my command now."

Scarface hissed as Paddon approached, then leapt away as the General made a lunge.  Scarface landed next to the wall, took aim, and then leapt to attack.  He had not anticipated the General was expecting as much and found himself caught in firm grip around the neck.  Scarface tried to shriek but Paddon's clutch prevented any sound from escaping.

Attempting to claw at his captor's hand, the young raptor failed to notice the dozens of scars and calluses that made Paddon's skin tougher than usual.  Paddon carried Scarface to his desk and slammed the youngster down hard, threatening to break the dinosaur's neck.

"This is your first lesson, Scarface," Paddon said, leaning in close.  "You will live or die by my word.  It doesn't matter to me.  If you obey, your training can be quite pleasant.  If not, whatever cruel world you came from would have been considered paradise by comparison."

Paddon loosened his grip, and then finally released the raptor.  Scarface slowly got to his feet and looked at the General.  Giving a hiss of annoyance, he lowered his head to a submissive position.  Paddon nodded in approval.

"You learn quickly.  Good.  Very good indeed."
****
Paddon carried Scarface by the neck down the long hallway of the underground facility, stopping only once to have a retinal scan for clearance.  On occasion a doorway could be seen, each of them leading to a different type of training ground for both soldier and raptor.  Upon reaching the end of the tunnel, there was a loud click as the wall opened to reveal a bunker with several soldiers armed with shock prods.

"I've got a new recruit for you," Paddon said as he dropped Scarface to the ground.  The raptor quickly righted himself and stiffened, ready to move at a moment’s notice.  "Put him through a few runs to soften him up and then throw him in with group seven."

"Code name, sir?" the soldier asked.

"Scarface."

The soldier saluted sharply, not moving a muscle until Paddon had left the room.  "Well then, Scarface.  Welcome to your first day in hell.  I am your torturer, Ryder.  It is my job to break you down and then build you up in a proper manner.  Paulson, let's start him off with simulation three."

A soldier sitting in front of a console nodded and pressed a button.  Down the hall, a click could be heard as a distant doorway opened.  Scarface stared down the hall, and then growled at Ryder.

"None of that now," said Ryder as he removed his shock prod from its sheath.  "Now move!"

Scarface shrieked as the prod discharged, causing him to step back.  He growled again, dodging as Ryder struck out again.  Reluctantly, Scarface made his way out the door and began walking down the hall with Ryder just behind him.  Finally, they came to the opened door.  Scarface peered inside, then entered when Ryder threatened to shock him again.

The room was wide with a tiled floor, alternating black and white like a chessboard.  Scarface approached slowly and paused at the edge.  He looked to Ryder, who indicated Scarface should cross.  On the opposite side, a pedestal rose that held a shank of meat.

Seeing and then catching the smell of the meat in the air, Scarface approached boldly.  He stepped across the first tile, a black one, but an electrical jolt came from the floor when he tried to pass onto a white tile.  Scarface shot a glance to Ryder, accusing him of the shock, but saw Ryder was not near enough to have delivered it.  Besides, the jolt had come from his foot and not the side of his body.

Scarface turned his attention to the tiles once again.  Rather than moving forward, Scarface stepped to the side and onto another white tile.  Another jolt shot out.  Shrieking, the raptor returned to the safety of his black tile.  Black?  Was that the answer?

Stepping diagonal, Scarface touched the next black tile experimentally and found it to be safe.  Soon, he began jumping easily from tile to tile.  After the fifth jump, the floor tiles began to fluctuate in color.  Confused, Scarface stayed on his current tile and waited.  After a moment, the tiles stopped changing and now showed a different pattern of blue and yellow.

Unsure of what to make of this new development, Scarface looked to see he was standing on a blue tile.  Searching, he discovered a nearby blue tile and jumped over to it.  When he landed, the tile switched to red.  A mechanical whirring sound filled the chamber and Scarface was then blasted by a stream of water.  The force caused him to step backward onto a yellow tile, sending an electrical discharge through his body.

Scarface shrieked in pain before finding his way back to his safe tile.  Panting, Scarface looked behind to find all the tiles behind him were yellow.  He studied the pattern on the floor.  Were there differences in the blue tile he was now standing and the one on which he had just been sprayed?

Looking first at Ryder and then  at his goal, he leapt on to the blue tile once again and kept jumping before the water had time to hit him.  He ran fast as he could from tile to tile when they began to fluctuate in color again.  Rather than stop, he continued to run with increased speed.

The tiles stabilized and immediately Scarface was shocked again, but still he moved forward.  He stepped on another tile and immediately a hail of metal pellets was shot at him.  Most passed harmlessly by, but some struck his body with painful results.  With the goal at hand, Scarface leapt off the tiled floor and onto the concrete next to the pedestal.

A buzzer sounded and the tiles all faded to a singular gray color.  Scarface approached the piece of meat and bit into it.  The shank was bitter, tasting unlike anything Scarface had before experienced, but it was food.  Within a few bites, it was gone.

Ryder motioned for Scarface to return, but the raptor was unwilling to venture across the tiles again.  As a show of good faith, Ryder strode out onto the tiles with no ill effects.  Scarface hesitated, but then strode forward.

"Not bad," said Ryder.  "A bit unconventional, but you do show promise.  Time to go meet your roommates now."

Ryder led Scarface to another section of the underground facility.  Scarface kept a constant pace to prevent being shocked again, and Ryder had the prod always on the ready.  Stopping in front of a metal door, Ryder stood in front of a retinal scanner and a moment later the door clicked open.

Immediately the inhabitants of the door were on their feet.  Four Deinonychus, around the same age as Scarface, stood at attention as Ryder entered.  Scarface followed, uttering a low growl at the other raptors.

"These will be your new roommates," said Ryder.  "You will eat, sleep, and train as they do.  Is that understood?"

The five raptors barked a response in unison, having been trained to answer any question in that manner.  Ryder nodded and Scarface entered the room, eyeing each of the inhabitants intently.  The soldier then left and closed the door behind him.  The lock chimed back into place and the raptors relaxed, eyeing Scarface with malicious intent.

The leader of the group, code named Talon, approached the newcomer, and hissed.  He walked in a circle around Scarface, taking note of the different coloration and the marks over his body.  Talon snapped aggressively, to which Scarface did not respond.  Again, Talon snapped and this time progressed further and latched his jaws around Scarface's neck.

Feeling the pinpricks of Talon's teeth, Scarface submitted and lowered his head.  Talon released his hold and strutted proudly, the four remaining raptors expressing their approval by raising their heads and chirping excitedly.

Scarface remained with his head lowered until the raptors turned away.  He could feel his hatred for them boiling, but he could do nothing now.  Their training was evident.  As with the one human he attacked, he would have to bide his time.  He would have to learn what they knew and behave as they did.

However, Scarface did not want these raptors to respect him.  He wanted them to fear him.  He had to understand what the humans wanted him to do, and then use it against them.  Only then would he be stronger than they were.
Chapter 6

Three months later

"Activate the simulation, level five," said Ryder from the control panel.  From his vantage point above the field, he could see as the gray floor panels rose, rotated, and repositioned themselves to form a type of maze.  On the field, holographic projections of soldiers appeared, as well as some posing as civilians.  The holograms themselves could do no damage, but computers controlled gunneries that fired metal pellets to simulate gunfire.  Only this time, they had been replaced with darts that paralyzed any part of the flesh the toxins met.

"Let them in."  A control operator pressed a button and down below Group Seven emerged.  "Positioning looks good.  Talon up front, flanked by Fang and Razor with Howler and Scarface in the rear."

"Think they'll all make it through this time?”  Paddon asked.  “I would hate to see my resources going to waste.”  The General enjoyed from time to time watching the training for the raptors.  It gave him a sense of the progress the groups made, and helped him determine which squads the groups would be assigned.

"Talon shows most potential, but Razor is still reckless."

"What of the green one?"

Ryder looked down to see Scarface, his green hide with red stripes clashing with the black and silver of the other raptors.  "Scarface, I believe, has finally learned his place.  It was no easy task, but he shows great promise as well."

Paddon nodded.  "Begin the simulation."

A light in front of the raptors flashed from red to green.  As one, the group entered the maze.  Every maze was different, the computers made certain of that.  The variety kept the raptors on their toes so they would never become accustomed to a single course.  The goals were always the same.  Attack the enemy, defend the innocent, and survive.

The hologram of a young woman holding a child appeared in front of the group.  All of the raptors evaded it without making contact.  Sensors around the holographic area either added or deducted points should any of the test subjects make contact with the area.  They had all learned early on to avoid the civilian holograms.

A fork in the maze presented itself.  Talon barked that Fang and Howler should follow him one direction, while Scarface was to follow Razor in the opposite direction.  They followed the orders without hesitation.

"Impressive," Paddon said.  "I know five year veterans that don't follow as well.  Throw them for a loop.  Send a soldier posing as a civilian to the group of three."

 A computer technician nodded and pressed a couple buttons.  Down below, a projection appeared around the corner from the first group of raptors.  As before, the raptors avoided the projection.  When they had passed, the projection removed a concealed weapon and fired.  Fang was struck in the thigh, the toxin immediately paralyzing her entire body.

The simulated sound of gunfire alerted the other raptors.  Confused, they fled.  They had never before seen a simulated civilian fire upon them.  They quickly turned a corner, but not before several more shots were fired.  Howler was struck in the tail.  His balance was shaken, but he could still maneuver.  Fang was left behind.

"Shall we remove points for leaving Fang?" Ryder asked.

"Not this time," Paddon responded.  "It is to be expected in uncertain circumstances, especially the first time around.  Next time I will not be so merciful.  Send the same projection to Razor and Scarface."

The technician did as he was told, and the civilian image appeared before the two raptors.  Razor sped past without hesitation, but Scarface skid to a halt.  He stared at the projection, cocking his head.  He knew it was a civilian, but something seemed off.  Rather than go around, Scarface attacked the projection.  As he did so, a gun wielding hand emerged.  Scarface was upon the projection before it was able to fire.  A snap in the appropriate area indicated a kill, and then Scarface moved on.

"How the hell did he see through that?" Paddon demanded.  "That simulated projection was meant to be exactly like a civilian."

"I don't know, sir," the technician said.  "Maybe he sensed the targeting computers?"

"Impossible!  Fire up three enemy soldiers and target Scarface."

The technician did as he was told and seconds later three enemy projections were converging on Scarface.  The raptor hissed at the projections and charged.  He ducked under the firing darts of one and struck the leg of the hologram, causing the image to buckle as a real victim would.  The other projections fired, one dart striking Scarface in the arm, but did nothing to stop the momentum as claws raked across the target's face.

The third projection advanced, keeping his focus on Scarface, when Razor attacked the projection from behind.  The raptors acknowledged one another and continued side by side.

"Nice bit of teamwork," Ryder said.  "A moment's slip of attention from the projections and Razor was able to line up for a perfect kill strike."

"So it would seem," Paddon grumbled.  "Keep up the random attacker and disguised targets.  See if we can't throw them for a loop."

The technician nodded and pressed in a sequence that would control the rest of the simulation automatically.  Razor and Scarface were the first to finish, Talon finishing last having lost his other teammate in a surprise attack.  A horn sounded and the walls receded into the ground leaving a flat plane.

The scoreboard for the simulation was projected onto the wall, showing Scarface as having earned the most points.  Talon snarled, having been used to seeing his image at the top.  Scarface showed no pride in his accomplishment, instead waiting at the door to return to the cell.

It took some time for the toxins from the simulation's darts to wear off enough for the raptors to move on their own.  The stricken raptors felt waves of disappointment in their failure to make it to the end, but Talon felt a surge of anger ever since Scarface had replaced him at the top of the list.  Being top raptor had key advantages, including the best portions of meat and first choice of locations and training.  He would never lose to Scarface again.
Chapter 7

The raptors of Group Seven stood ready.  They now averaged three feet in length and their training had progressed further.  No longer were their skills tested against holographic projections, but actual people.  Today their training was not in a maze as it had been in the four months since Scarface had arrived.  It was on an open plane against armed soldiers with a few sparse obstacles along the way for hiding.

Though the soldiers were carrying real weapons, the ammunition used had been manufactured specifically for training purposes.  There would be the typical muzzle flash at the end of the barrel, along with the accompanying crack of the bullet, but the rounds themselves were not designed to penetrate skin.  Their speed would be reduced, but were still faster than reflex would allow their target to dodge directly.

If any of the rounds made contact with the raptors, it would hurt and bruise.  However, if the raptors were struck enough times consecutively in any given area they could easily be hospitalized or even killed.  This was crucial for their training.  In real combat, even a single bullet could kill.

The raptors hissed in anticipation as they saw their targets.  Covered head to toe in combat armor, the soldiers were protected from the teeth and claws of the raptors but able to maneuver well enough to fulfill their purpose.  Electrical signals to key joints in their bodies would prevent movement if they were struck, simulating an injured or broken limb.  That being the case, their orders were simple.  Take out the raptors before being taken out.  

The buzzer sounded and the raptors took to cover.  A few training bullets grazed by the raptors harmlessly, but none made contact.  Talon barked to be separated into three groups, a tactic to draw attention away from a single large target.  Talon would be alone, Scarface teaming with Fang, Howler and Razor making up the third group.  At once, they moved to the next set of barriers.

Bullets fired and Howler was struck in the tail but he could still function.  Fang was not so lucky.  Being hit squarely in the leg, she would be unable to maneuver.  Falling short of the obstacle, Scarface pushed her the rest of the way.  Without looking down, Scarface surveyed his targets.

"Rather efficient," said Ryder.  "Protecting his comrade, but then completely focused on the mission.  Scarface is proving to be quite capable."

"Shouldn't he check to see if Fang is okay?" another soldier asked.

"They're dinosaurs,” said Paddon.  “Is he going to pull out the first aid kit and fix her up?  If the mission succeeds, they can pick her up later."

Scarface judged the distance between obstacles.  He allowed his hatred for humanity to flow freely.  Though he knew the humans attacking him now would live, they could still be made to suffer.  As with what happened in Group Seven, Scarface believed these humans would receive humiliation from their own kind if they were defeated.  In addition, this gave Scarface training to avoid the thunder sticks they carried.

The humans were no pushovers.  They acted, reacted, planned, and strategized to succeed in their own goals.  One of the raptors was down before they had even made it halfway to the humans.  Scarface had learned this was merely training, and it was the training he had been waiting for.

A burst of gunshots erupted as Talon made his presence known.  The other raptors tried to move forward but were held back by the onslaught of shots.  Again, a burst of noise came from the humans, but it ended abruptly.  Scarface used this as his cue to move forward.  He had learned faster than the others that the weapons could only fire so many shots before needing to be reloaded.  As the humans concentrated on doing such, Scarface was able to move closer undetected.

"Did you see what Scarface did?" Ryder asked.

"He made it to the next obstacle," another soldier responded.  "So what?"

"He waited for the first rounds of fire to cease,” said Paddon.  “He’s using the reload time to slip closer.  That's a clever one."

Howler and Razor made a sprint for the next closest obstacle.  Bullets rained down on them, striking several points on their body.  Though hurt, they could still continue with the exercise.  Talon attempted to use the cover to make it to his next mark but was struck in the side.  He fell, the pain surging through him, and dragged himself to the safety of the obstacle to recover for a moment.

Scarface surveyed his location.  He looked to the sides, then up above.  He looked at the observation area, not to see inside but to see the reflection of the arena.  He could see that all soldiers were concentrating their attention on the three other raptors and not him.  Waiting for the right moment, he quietly made his way into the open and walked casually to the next barrier.

The soldiers fired once again as Talon tried to run.  As soon as the first sounds of bullets sounded, Howler and Razor were out and running.  Razor fell to a barrage of bullets, Talon meeting Howler behind another obstacle.  The two ran from opposite sides of the obstacle, only to be shot down by the gunfire.

Their enemies fallen, the soldiers exposed themselves.  "We won," one said.  "Why aren't they sounding the all clear?"

"Wait, where's the green one?" another soldier asked.

Filing into a defensive position, the group moved to where Scarface had last been seen.  One looked over the obstacle to find it was empty.  A momentary slip of his guard and the soldier found Fang lunging at him.  The electrical stimulation of his suit made him collapse as it registered a kill signal but Fang, too, fell in the attack as the remaining soldiers fired.

The soldiers approached to be certain Fang would not rise up again.  The leader of the group confirmed this and turned to see that another soldier had fallen from behind while their attention had been diverted.

"What the hell happened there?" he asked.

"Green one must have attacked while the gunfire muted out the other noise," a soldier responded.

"Fan out and find him!"

The soldiers spread out and began to move slowly back toward their bunker, unaware that Scarface had once again moved behind them.  Quietly he stalked his target and when the other two soldiers had their backs turned, he leapt upon the targeted soldier's rear flank and delivered a paralyzing blow.  By the time the remaining two soldiers turned around, their comrade had fallen and Scarface was hiding once again.

"How is he using tactics like that?" the soldier asked.  "This group hasn't learned ambush yet."

The soldiers turned in a slow circle, taking in everything around them.  In a sudden burst of green, one found Scarface leaping at his face.  Unable to fire, the soldier fell and succumbed to the electrical signals of his suit.

The last soldier emptied all of his bullets in a wild spray, but hit nothing.  He quickly reloaded and approached slowly.  He did not get far before Scarface exposed himself fully.

"You're gutsy, I'll give you that," the soldier said.  "But I'm not going down so easily."

The soldier began firing, to which Scarface jumped out of the way and ran toward his aggressor.  Watching where the barrel was pointed rather than other body signals from the soldier, Scarface was able to avoid the sprays of bullets being fired.  Upon reaching his target, Scarface lashed out and struck at the soldier's leg.  The soldier fell to one knee before glaring at Scarface with complete loathing.

Before he was able to fire again, Scarface was fast approaching and lashed out at the gun-wielding hand.  The soldier's grip failed him and before he was able to recover found himself being knocked down.  Lying on his back, the soldier could feel the weight of Scarface's body on his chest.

Scarface stared deep into the soldier's eyes.  The soldier had been eye to eye with young raptors before, but this one sent chills down his spine.  In those yellow eyes was not the expression of victory, but of malicious intent.  Unable to move due to the electrical impulses, the soldier was at the mercy of Scarface.

The raptor attacked the fallen soldier, biting and clawing at the armor to find an opening.  He did not get far when the far door slid open and several armed men entered.  With the smell of gunpowder coming from the weapons, Scarface knew these were real.  Reluctantly, he stepped off the fallen soldier.  With a snort, he made his way back to the entrance of the training grounds.
****
"So what do you think?" Ryder said after reviewing the tapes of the raptor training with General Paddon.  “They do show promise, especially for being so new in the training.”

"Scarface is still too independent," the General responded.  "He single handedly took out a unit of soldiers, but lacks discipline.  I have noticed him becoming more bold around the other raptors.  That makes him a liability.  He’s getting dangerous."

"Sir, with all due respect, these are still animals.  They have their own way of doing things.  Do you think Scarface will challenge Talon for supremacy?"

Paddon gave Ryder an annoyed look.  "While these creatures are under my jurisdiction, they will behave as I see fit.  This is the army.  There is no challenging a superior officer for supremacy without consequences.  Their failure to comply will be no different than if you fail to comply.  Is that understood?"

Ryder snapped to attention.  "Yes, sir!  I will remember that these creatures are still considered soldiers, and failure to comply with procedure will result in the appropriate military discipline."

Paddon nodded.  "You are dismissed."
Chapter 8

There was a nervous tension in the air surrounding Group Seven.  The raptors had all seen Scarface's performance earlier that day.  They could all feel something was off with their latest recruit.  Talon felt most flustered, especially having been repeatedly outdone by Scarface.  It was time to put him in his place.

Talon stood and made his way toward Scarface, who never sat with the rest of the group.  The lead raptor spread his arms and hissed, threatening Scarface if he ever dared upstage Talon again.  Scarface merely snorted and turned away.

Not to be denied, Talon took another step forward and snapped his jaws before growling and flexing his fingers.  Scarface still did not respond.  Outraged at the display Talon lunged and snapped at Scarface's tail, only to bite into empty air.  Looking up, he could see Scarface already lunging with a counterattack.

Unable to dodge, Talon was struck in the side with a head butt that sent him slamming into the wall on the opposite side of the enclosure.  Suddenly Scarface was the aggressor.  Talon righted himself and lunged, only to miss again and be struck against the barricade.  This time Scarface did not wait for Talon to recover.

Leaping onto the raptor's back, Scarface latched his jaws around Talon's head and began to twist.  Talon began shrieking in surrender, but the cries went unheeded as the attacker sank his teeth deeper.  Scarface continued to twist, overpowering the young raptor's protests until something in Talon's neck snapped and the raptor fell limp.

The other raptors of Group Seven stared in silence.  Scarface slowly looked up, challenging the others for a fight.  It was Howler who stepped forward and accepted.  Knowing that Scarface was unworthy of being a leader, Howler wanted to take down the threat to his group.  The two raptors circled each other and then charged.
****
"What is going on in there?" Ryder said in an annoyed tone.  The technician shrugged and returned his attention to his monitor.  Ryder pointed to one of the soldiers and said, "Come with me."

When the soldiers arrived outside the door of Group Seven's holding pen, all had grown quiet.  Ryder unlocked the door, expecting all the raptors inside to line up at attention.  What he saw stopped him in his tracks.

Fang was curled in a corner, shaking with fear.  Talon was at the opposite end of the cell, neck twisted around, and in the center was Scarface tearing at two dead raptors.  The bodies were so mangled that Ryder was unable to tell them apart.

Looking up, Scarface gazed deeply into Ryder's eyes, the bloodlust plain on the raptor's face.  Without hesitation, Scarface launched himself as the pain and memories of how he hated the soldier rose to the surface all at once.  Ryder was unable to react before the raptor was biting and clawing at his face.

"Get this damned thing off me!" Ryder shouted, trying to dislodge the frenzied raptor.

It took several tries, but finally Scarface was ripped away.  He landed on his feet, sliding backward and spreading his feet to stop himself.  At the moment he launched himself again, the second soldier lashed out with his shock prod.  The snap of blue electricity illuminated the darkened hall, the force of the shock sending the young raptor flying into a far wall.

The threat neutralized, the soldier turned his attention to Ryder.  A dozen crisscrossing gashes lined his face and the front of his nose was gone.

"Little cretin took my nose off!" Ryder shouted.  He stood and made his way to Scarface.  The raptor's chest rose and fell slowly, accompanied by ragged breathing.  Ryder removed his side arm and cocked the weapon.

"Wait," the soldier said.  "We don't have authorization to conduct an execution."

Slowly lowering his weapon, Ryder did not take his eye off the fallen raptor.  "What power level was the prod on?" he asked.

"It was on full power.  I'm surprised it didn't kill him."

Ryder wiped the blood that was dripping down his face and mouth with his sleeve, staring at the unconscious dinosaur.  "Call Paddon."

Not five minutes later, General Paddon burst into the control room.

"Someone want to tell me what the hell happened that is so damned important?"

Nobody spoke, but a quick scan of the room told Paddon all he needed to know.  Ryder was being treated by a medical officer, bandages covering most of his face.  Three black bags used for storing bodies lay next to an open door to which Fang was still curled in a corner and Scarface, now awake, was bound completely with leather straps.

"So he finally snapped, huh?  I always knew there was something different about this one."

"Just give me the word, General," Ryder said through the bandages.  "Give me the word and I'll execute that son of a bitch personally."

Paddon approached Scarface, who growled at the inability to do anything.  Reaching out with his hand, Paddon touched the raptor's back, feeling the muscles tense.  With a sudden burst, Scarface tried to lash out but the constraints held him firm.

"Even as a prisoner you are still defiant," Paddon said.

"So are you going to give the order or aren't you?  He killed three of his comrades and nearly took me out!"

Paddon looked at the black bags, then inside the cell where Fang looked nervously at him.  "This one was traumatized?"

"Yes, sir," a technician answered.  "I doubt she'll be able to train any further."

"I see," said Paddon, slowly nodding his head.  "Do what you wish with the survivor.  It has no more use here."

The technician nodded and carefully scooped Fang up in his arms.  As she was carried across the room, Fang looked at Scarface with an expression of fear and sadness.  Scarface returned only anger and hatred with his own gaze, to which Fang shied away.

"So what about Scarface?" Ryder asked.  "Were you going to execute him or not?"

The General thought for a moment, standing at firm attention as he did so.  "No," Paddon said after several moments.  "No, I have a better idea.  Send him to the Pit."
Chapter 9

Khepri has had its fair share of criminals and outlaws since the first colonies landed.  Jails and a standard police force did what they could to keep the cities safe, but there were those whose crimes were so violent that executions had to be ordered.  Officially, these criminals were dead.  But for those with high connections, or willing to pay whatever the black market was asking, they could be seen fighting each other in The Pit.

The Pit was a circular arena, protective glass shielding the spectators that watched from above.  Inside, two contenders fought each other in death matches.  They entered knowing full well only one would emerge, if they did not succeed in killing each other first.  Weapons ranging from knives and spears to pistols, rifles, and even grenades were offered depending on the criminal's standing, or whatever the crowd demanded.  The more spectacular the battle, the more people were willing to pay.

Officially, The Pit did not even exist.  It was the brainchild of corrupt government officials believing that the price of tickets would help keep the military funded, as well as a hefty percentage to their own pocket.  People came to watch from all over the colonized worlds.  The events were always live, never televised or recorded in any way, and yet the crowds managed to find it still.

An event was already in progress as General Paddon marched, accompanied by four armed guards that held Scarface at bay in their midst.  He approached a solid steel door and knocked in a specific pattern before a panel opened to reveal someone from the other side.  The two exchanged a few words before the door opened and the General was escorted inside with his prisoner.

"If you breathe one word of what you see here outside of this area," the General warned the soldiers, "you can expect to find yourself in the arena."

The guards silently acknowledged and continued without breaking step.  Down a corridor, Paddon led the group to an entry with a particular type of code written on the outside.  The General knocked on the door, which opened a second later.  "I have something special for you," Paddon said.

The arena master, a former military General himself, emerged and looked down at the bound Scarface.  "It looks weak," the arena master said.  "Are you certain it will give a good show?  You know how much I hate to disappoint my customers."

"He killed three military bred raptors in his training unit," Paddon answered.  "And he attacked one of my best men.  Bit his nose off.  Even bound he still despises me.  Trust me, he'll give a good show."

The arena master nodded slowly.  "If you say it, then I believe you.  Put him in the waiting area.  Don't want to keep the audience waiting."

The guards followed Paddon to a holding cell.  On the other side of the steel bars was the arena, shouts of encouragement and outrage ringing out from the hundreds of spectators above.  Keeping their weapons on Scarface, the guards unhinged his shackles and backed away slowly before closing and locking the door.

"The four of you are to report back to the base," Paddon said.  "Say nothing of what you saw here.  Dismissed."

The guards saluted and retreated from the hall, back onto the street.  Though they had questions, they knew better than to disobey the General's orders.  If there was one thing they knew, it was to remain silent when told.  Too many times, they had seen a fellow soldier go missing after inquiring about some detail or mission.  Officially, they had been discharged, but many soldiers had their doubts.

Paddon made his way to a viewing area reserved for special guests.  Seeing the military uniform, many patrons moved away willingly to make a clear path for the General.  When Paddon made it to the edge of the viewing area, he looked down just as a cheer erupted from the crowd.

Down below, two men were fighting with spears.  Both were panting and had clearly been fighting for some time.  Nevertheless, as were the rules of The Pit, the match would not be stopped under any circumstances until at least one contender was dead.

Paddon watched.  He was the only one who knew the names of the contenders.  But names had no use in the battles.  Legally, they were already dead.  All they had now were titles.

One of the men lunged with his spear and, either by exhaustion or miscalculation, overshot his target, and was stabbed by his opponent's spear.  The crowd erupted in applause as two armed men came to retrieve the dead body while the victor raised his arms in triumph to receive his applause.

"Let's hear it for Marauder!" the announcer said, igniting another frenzied cheer from the crowd.  "That makes twelve victories in his status.  Will he continue his winning streak?  Let's find out later.  He's in no condition to give another good show, so how about we bring out Ravage!"

A door at the far end of The Pit opened and a well-muscled man of fifty years emerged.  Head shaven and wearing a dirty white tank top and baggy black pants, he strode onto the field barefoot.  The crowd began to chant the man's title.

"Ravage!  Ravage!"

"That's right, he's one of your favorites," the announcer said over the intercom.  "With brutal strength and animalistic killing instinct, who do we have lined up to face him?  Well, you are in for a treat.  We have some fresh meat for the grinder!"

At the mention of a new contender, the crowd erupted into hysteria, pounding the walls in excitement and bloodlust.  Waiting for the noise to die down, the announcer did his best to make the new contender sound fearsome.

"After only a few months of military training, this contender killed three of his colleagues before turning on a superior officer.  Sentenced to execution, we now have him here for your amusement.  Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you the debut of Scarface!"

Upon seeing the three-foot raptor emerge from the doorway, the crowd erupted into laughter.  Insults and booing ensued, many requesting a bigger challenge for their gladiator.

Ravage joined in the mocking.  "Oh, are you lost little guy?" he said, bending over onto his knees.  "Do you feel scared?  Don't worry, this will all be over soon."

Grabbing a knife from the weapons available, Ravage threw the blade at the young raptor.  Scarface jumped out of the way and found the man charging at him, teeth bared in excitement.  Ravage threw two hook punches, the first missing but the second grazing the front of Scarface's snout.

Although it was only a glancing blow, Scarface could feel the power behind the punch.  It was then he knew what was going on.  The battle that he had only just witnessed, and now this, told him all he needed to know.  Opening his jaws, Scarface formed a twisted smile.  They wanted him to kill.

Ravage threw another punch, hitting only air as Scarface leapt upward and slashed with his arms.  He landed and ran out of the way, distancing himself to study his opponent.  Ravage turned to reveal three parallel tears in his shirt, slowly turning red with running blood.  At the sight of this, the crowd began to cheer.

"Looks like you'll be a bit of a challenge after all," said Ravage as he readied himself.  Spreading his arms, the gladiator crouched low and began to circle.  Scarface, much to the amusement of the spectators, mimicked this and kept a watchful eye on his human adversary.

The two rushed at each other, Ravage readying for another strike but Scarface ducked down and slid between the man's legs.  Ravage staggered and looked down to see the bottoms of his pants had been torn, drops of crimson falling onto the floor of the arena.  Scarface hissed as Ravage’s face turned bright red in a fit of fury.

"Nobody has ever laid a hand on me twice and lived to tell about it," Ravage said loudly.  "And you are no different!"

Ravage rushed at the raptor, which dodged the low swung fists of his opponent but failed to consider his feet.  The gladiator struck Scarface in the ribs hard, kicking him across the arena.  Hitting the wall on the opposite side, Scarface gasped and struggled to breathe.  He looked up slowly to see Ravage taking in the applause, holding his hands high as if accepting the praise.

While his opponent's back was turned, Scarface ran quickly and leapt onto Ravage's back and began to claw mercilessly.  Ravage cried out in surprise and pain, throwing himself against the wall.  Scarface dropped before he was crushed by the man's back but leapt once again when the opportunity came.

Spinning quickly, Ravage lashed out with a blind back fist that made contact with the raptor in mid-air.  Not waiting for the raptor to recover, he grabbed the closest weapon and began to slash down in an attempt to cut the dinosaur into small pieces.

Scarface struggled to dodge the blows, but finally saw an opportunity for a counterstrike.  Knowing where the next strike would land, Scarface waited until the blow was in full swing and then lashed out at Ravage's hand.  He bit into the knuckles and locked his jaw firmly.

In a panic Ravage grabbed the raptor's body and pulled it away forcefully, opening up several wounds from the dinosaur's teeth.  Scarface skid to a stop and immediately attacked again.  Instead of meeting his opponent head on, he ran past Ravage and rebounded from the wall.  Once again, he was on his opponent's back.

With claws piercing his flesh, Ravage tried to grab the raptor again but failed due to the creature’s small and nimble body.  A sharp pain penetrated his lower back and he suddenly fell to the ground.  Trying desperately to stand he found that he could not move, or even feel, his legs.  Scarface had severed his spinal cord just above the waist.

Still wielding the sword, Ravage swung the blade at Scarface as he tried to roll over.  A blood soaked hand caused the weapon to slip from his grasp and slide across the floor.  Rolling onto his stomach, Ravage pulled himself across the ground as fast as he could toward the blade.  Looking over his shoulder, he could see the young raptor standing on his backside, tearing a piece of flesh from his leg.

Ravage shook his body as best he could while he struggled to move closer to his fallen weapon.  Curious, Scarface removed himself and walked beside the fallen man, matching his meager pace.  The raptor's jaws parted in a wicked grin.  Ravage was all but helpless now.

The gladiator took hold of the blade and rolled to his back, ready to strike.  But Scarface had learned quickly.  Before Ravage could move the blade, Scarface had his foot holding the man's hand down by the wrist.  The flexed wrist proved to be an advantage to Scarface, as it brought the tendons to the top of the skin.

Looking Ravage in the eyes, Scarface slashed with his elongated claw.  Ravage screamed in pain and the realization that one hand was now useless.  Shock began to overtake him as Scarface moved slowly and confidently onto the man's chest.

Scarface leaned in close, grinning wickedly.  He could see the fear in the man's eyes.  He could feel the terror.  He liked it.  With a lunge to the throat, Scarface bit hard and then watched as the life drained from his victim.

None of the observers said a word as silence fell over the arena.  They stared in stunned silence as the small raptor killed their gladiator.  Scarface spread his arms and gave a cry of victory.  Chills ran down the spines of many a visitor, as it was not the cry of a youngster they heard, but a demon from their nightmares.  What they saw looked like a weak and helpless creature, but they now knew how deceiving looks could be.

"Scarface," someone finally said.  "Scarface!"

Soon, every mouth in the observation area was sounding the name.  The name of their new champion.

"Scarface!  Scarface!  Scarface!"
Chapter 10

Another four months passed with Scarface fast becoming a favorite in The Pit.  The spectators loved the raw bestial nature of the raptor, and Scarface was learning how to fight more there than he ever did in training with the military raptors.  General Paddon had since forgotten about the raptor and continued to oversee his duties.  In time, he believed, Scarface would be killed.  It always happened, even to the best of fighters.

So caught up in the paperwork on his desk, the General barely noticed when Trevor strode into his office.  The former soldier had a furious look in his eye as he walked straight to the General's desk.

"Just what the hell do you think you've done?" Trevor asked.

"I think I much preferred it when you saluted," Paddon said.  "And what, pray tell, have I done to make you so upset?"

"As if you didn't know?  I am talking about my raptor.  Scarface."

Paddon leaned back and thought a moment.  "Scarface?  Ah, yes.  That spiteful little creature you brought in to be trained.  Is he still around?"

Trevor glared at the General.  "I started hearing rumors of a scarred raptor winning several matches in The Pit.  Now, that wouldn't happen to be my scarred raptor, would it?"

Paddon finished signing a paper and leaned back in his chair.  "Your raptor caused quite a stir during his training.  He did well for a few months but then went and killed some of his colleagues before attacking the soldier in charge of them.  Needless to say, he had to be taken care of.  But four months in The Pit and he is still alive?  That is indeed impressive."

Trevor leaned in close, scowling at Paddon.  "I want him back."

Paddon rose and made his way to the window, looking at the soldiers training outside.  "I'm afraid his fate is out of my hands now.  Once someone, or something in this case, enters The Pit they are out of our jurisdiction.  I suppose if you wanted to see him I could get you in for the match tonight."

"You always were a bastard son of a bitch."

"Just following protocol.  So did you want to see your raptor one more time or not?  With his reputation, I doubt he will survive much longer down there.  This may be your last chance."

Trevor looked out the window, then at the General.  "I'll take your offer, but this is the last time I will be coming back."

"So you just turn away from all our benefits and become a lowly bounty hunter?  You do realize you will lose access to our database of wanted men, right?  Then what?  You’ll just become another face in the crowd hoping to make it big.  I’ve seen it happen all too often."

"There are plenty of other bounties out there.  And I swear to you, I will get my raptor back."

"It's been seven months since you dropped him off.  Do you really think he will even remember you?"

"If he doesn't, I'll just have to remind him."
****
Trevor had never before visited The Pit but as with most people, he knew exactly where it was located.  He managed to get inside without difficulty thanks to a pass written up by General Paddon.  Although he hunted men for a living now, turning the whole thing into a spectacle was more than he appreciated.  Those he killed were taken out fast and efficient with little collateral damage if he could help it.

Approaching the edge of the seating area was difficult as the crowd was larger than usual.  He had heard the whispers and although most people enjoyed the man vs. man spectacle, the real reason was obvious.  They wanted to see Scarface.  But as with all spectator attractions, they were saving the best for last.

For three matches Trevor sat, silently waiting to see his raptor again.  The cheers and applause at particularly hard or gruesome blows sickened him.  There was no honor in this.  He had killed many men in his lifetime and had seen those around him killed, but at least they had died for something meaningful.  This was just barbaric.  At last, the announcer gave the crowd, and Trevor, what they had been waiting all night for.

"It sure looks like we've had our fair share of sport tonight, haven't we?" the announcer said.  His question was met with applause and shouting for more.  "Well, you asked for it and we're going to deliver.  Folks, nobody has lasted longer in The Pit and nothing could have prepared us for his rise to glory.  The time has come for man versus beast.  I give to you Scarface!"

The crowd erupted into a deafening roar as the bars slid open and the raptor emerged.  Trevor recognized the marks, but the way the raptor moved was different.  Now at five feet in length, it had more than doubled in size since he first picked up the raptor.  What was more, the raptor's eyes had a longing for blood.  A chill ran down Trevor's spine as the realization came that Scarface was enjoying this.

"Folks," the announcer said, gaining a hushed silence from the audience.  "We have seen Scarface take down one enemy after another, so we have decided to spice things up a bit.  Rather than taking on one contender, tonight you are in for a treat.  Scarface will pit himself against two human opponents!  But as per the rules of the pit, only one will emerge victorious!"

The deafening roar returned as two gates opened and a man emerged from both.  They eyed the raptor before arming themselves.  They all knew only one would emerge, but had to team up to take down Scarface first.

The first man grabbed a chain and swung it at the dinosaur, which easily dodged and lunged.  The second man grabbed a wooden spear and swung it at the raptor, only to lose his balance in his haste.  The raptor was on top of him a second later gnawing at the spear, then jumped as the second man swung a metal bar.

Scarface lunged, grazing the second man's hand with his teeth.  The first stood and began to swing wildly, only to miss his marks and receive cuts and lacerations from the raptor's claws.

"Such ferocity but poor form," someone beside Trevor said.  "If he knew how to really fight this match would be over by now."

Trevor turned to see a slender man of Chinese origin watching intently as the fight progressed.  Dressed in a sharp black shirt with red tie, his facial hair displayed the manner of someone with great wealth.

"He was supposed to be trained by the Khepri Military," Trevor said.  "I brought him here only to find he had been thrown down with the scum."

The Chinese man turned with a quizzical expression.  "So he is yours?  A pity.  Such raw talent gone to waste for the garbage of mankind."

"If I may say so, you're watching the event as well."

Laughing, the man turned his attention back to the arena.  "I am not here to be entertained," he said.  "I am here to recruit.  My organization has heard of a great fighter by the name of Scarface and I have been sent to investigate.  Perhaps even purchase him."

"I won't let you take him away like Paddon did," Trevor scowled.  "He belongs to me."

"And yet he is outside of your grasp.  Tell you what.  I will test this Scarface and if I find him worthy, I will take him and train him properly.  Not like your military did.  I know we have been enemies in the past, but perhaps we can put that behind us."

Trevor looked at the man, who slowly met his gaze and smiled.  He slowly rolled up the silky black sleeve to reveal a tattoo on his foe arm.  "Yun Chow," he whispered.  "Master trainer of the Black Dragon."

Trevor's heart skipped a beat upon seeing the symbol and hearing the name of the clan.  Although he had never fought any from the organization himself, the Clan of the Black Dragon had fought against the Khepri military during the recent war.

"You would be willing to train Scarface?" Trevor asked.

Yun smiled.  "We shall see."

The crowd burst into applause, indicating the match was over.  Scarface stood over the bodies of the two men, roaring in victory.  The announcer declared another victory for Scarface and began to move to the next set of competitors when Yun raised his hand.

"I challenge the contender Scarface," Yun said.  An eerie silence came over the crowd as the man quickly made his way to the arena.  When at the bottom, Yun entered through a steel door to find Scarface waiting anxiously.

"It appears we have a challenger," the announcer said.  "Please, state your name and conditions."

Yun removed his shirt and tie before showing his tattoo to the crowd.  "I am Yun Chow of the Black Dragon.  My conditions are these.  If I lose, then I die before you as entertainment.  If I win, then I shall take ownership of this contender.  Is this acceptable?"

Eager for another fight with Scarface and not caring about the consequences, the crowd erupted into cheers and shouts.  The bell sounded for the beginning of another match, and Scarface was more than willing to comply.  The two slowly circled, Scarface in a low crouch while Yun stood indifferently with his hands behind his back.

Scarface lunged forward full speed, expecting Yun to do the same.  Instead, the Clan member held his ground until the last possible moment and stepped to the side as casually as if he were turning a corner.  Scarface skid to a halt, then lunged again.  For a second time, Yun merely stepped aside while his hands remained behind his back.

Not to be denied his lust for blood, Scarface lashed out in a flurry of attacks but Yun was well trained, even if it were not against a saurian opponent.  The raptor snapped his jaws forward, only to close on open air.  Before he could react, Yun struck the raptor squarely in the jaw with the palm of his hand.

"Your technique is sloppy," said Yun.  "It is a wonder you have survived this long."

Scarface shook off the blow, moving his tongue to find that three teeth had broken free of his jaws.  Infuriated, the raptor lunged again in a flurry of attacks.  Every strike was either dodged or countered by the opponent, until another strong blow hit Scarface in the side of his body.  He landed hard on the ground, picking himself up again slowly as he glared into the eyes of his human adversary.

"You have rage, but it is unfocused.  You have learned much in here, but you lack control.  See what a true master can do!"

With blinding speed, Yun went on the offensive.  Scarface was barely able to dodge many of the attacks, and those he failed to avoid struck him squarely until a strong blow sent him flying into the wall.  Before he could recover, Yun was on top of him.  A strong stomp with his foot would have ended the raptor's life, but Yun stopped it with perfect control as soon as the boot touched the feathery hide of the saurian contender.

Scarface only stared as Yun removed his boot slowly and turned to walk away.  As soon as the man's back was turned, the raptor lunged and shrieked in rage.  While in mid-stride, Yun spun around and struck Scarface squarely on the side with a kick.  The raptor shrieked in pain as the wind was knocked from his lungs.  Yun approached slowly and knelt at the raptor's side.

"You are as foolish as you are clumsy," whispered Yun.  "But I can make you so much more than what you are now capable of."

What Scarface saw in the human's eyes was not anger or hatred, but something that made him understand.  The humans he was fighting and killing inside this place were too weak.  If he were ever to kill those responsible for destroying his life, he had to go with this man.  Reluctantly, he lowered his head in a submissive posture.  He knew this human would teach him to be a more efficient killer.

"The victory is mine," Yun declared.  "And now I will take my prize."

Shouts of outrage poured down from the viewers as Yun exited with Scarface following.  They were infuriated that not only was their new champion defeated, but they would never again be able to see the furious animal carnage they had come to enjoy.

Trevor was waiting when Yun exited the arena and upon seeing the raptor face to face, he saw a glimmer of recognition that shone in Scarface's eyes.  The raptor did remember him after all.  Together, the trio exited and made their way to a fancy black vehicle waiting outside.  Yun opened the rear door, allowing Scarface to enter.  He followed, and then waited for Trevor.

"Are you not coming as well?" Yun asked.  "He is your dinosaur after all, is he not?"

Trevor stepped in cautiously.  "I'm sorry, but it's just that he is unrestrained."

"If the raptor causes trouble he will be dealt with appropriately.  You have nothing to fear."

Hesitantly, Trevor entered and sat down.  The interior of the vehicle was spacious, giving plenty of room for the two men and the raptor.  Scarface had curled up in a far corner, eyeing the men warily but made no aggressive movements.  Yun removed two glasses from a compartment and began to pour a bottle of red wine for them.

"You should consider yourself lucky," said Yun.  "Outsiders are normally not allowed within our walls.  But I believe in this case we will make an exception."

Trevor took the glass of wine and stared at Yun.  "You mean we're going to the head of the Black Dragon?"

Yun took a sip of wine and nodded.  "Of course.  Scarface will serve not only as my pupil, but also as a symbol of power for us.  You wanted him trained, is that correct?"

Trevor nodded as he took a sip of wine.  "Yeah, that's right."

"When we are finished with him, this beast will be greater than anything that has ever lived, and nothing that comes after would compare.  We will do great things together, my friend.  And before this day is done, we will make it known that the Black Dragon is, and always shall be, the greatest of the Old World organizations."
Chapter 11

Upon entering the building, which appeared to be nothing more than a warehouse from the outside, Trevor found no fewer than fifty people dressed in black tunics branding the same dragon logo as he had seen on Yun’s arm.  They were all in the process of sparring one another, either hand-to-hand or brandishing wooden practice weapons, when a single word from Yun drew the entire assembly into silence.  They all immediately stopped and simultaneously bowed before their chief instructor.

"This is Trevor," said Yun.  "His companion, Scarface, shall train with us.  I expect the same level of dedication and discipline from each of you as if this were one of our blood brothers.  Understood?"

"Yes sir!" the entire assembly said in unison.

"Continue!"

As if there had been no interruption, the mass continued with the same level of energy they possessed only moments earlier.  Not one of the students was distracted as the two men led the raptor Scarface through the center of the warehouse.  Scarface, however, took in as much as he could.  Here, he saw humans fighting each other on a level he had never before seen.  Jumping and spinning, kicks and punches, and wielding weapons he had seen in The Pit on a level he did not know existed.

The trio came at last to a large door with four guards who did not move a muscle.  Two fiery braziers bordered the door, giving the feel of an ancient temple.  Yun stopped just before the first of the guards.

"You must remain here," said Yun in a warning tone.  "I alone am allowed to enter without being summoned.  If anyone else steps beyond these guards, they will kill without hesitation.  Do you understand?"

Trevor nodded.  He motioned for Scarface to stay as Yun opened the door just far enough to allow himself to enter.  As the door closed with a loud clack, Trevor could hear it bolt from the opposite side.  Looking at the guards, he felt a bit uneasy.

Each guard was dressed entirely in black, only their eyes being exposed.  Although they stood with arms behind their backs and faced onward in a blank expression, Trevor had heard how quickly well-trained guards of the Black Dragon were to act.  Stories had circulated through the Khepri Military how a single guard could, in only a few seconds, disarm three men, kill them, and stand exactly as he had been as if nothing had happened.

Yun emerged a few moments later, again opening the large door only enough for him to exit, and closed it before approaching Trevor.  "I have spoken to our clan leader," Yun explained.  "Your Scarface shall undergo the first level of training.  If he succeeds, we will train him further.  If not, you will both leave and never speak of this place again.  If you do, you will be silenced.  Am I understood?"

Trevor nodded, understanding perfectly what being silenced meant.  "Yeah.  Just what is the first level of training?"

"Follow me."

Yun guided Trevor and Scarface into one of the doorways on the side of the building.  Looking back, Trevor glanced one final time at the guards who appeared to be nothing more than statues from his vantage point.  A few curious glances came from students that had finished their rounds, but none approached.  They knew better than to intrude on business that was not their own.  Opening the door, Yun led the two into a room with leather straps and various weights.

"The first level of training deals with discipline and building muscle strength," said Yun as he opened a cabinet.  "As we have never before had a type of student such as this, some modifications must be made to our equipment."

"I don't understand," Trevor said as he looked around the room.  "How do you expect Scarface to lift weights?"

Yun opened the door and shouted a command, to which five of the nearest students responded and stood in a straight line.  Yun pointed to one, who bowed and entered the room.  The remaining students continued once again as if there had been no interruption.  Yun spoke a few sharp words and the student removed his outer tunic and laid it on the floor.

Trevor's eyes grew wide at what he saw.  The student's visible muscles appeared to be toned to perfection, but straps of leather held metal weights all over his body.  Yun issued a command and the student answered in an affirmative tone and both men entered a fighting stance.  The student attacked first with surprising speed despite weights on his arms, legs, and torso.

Yun moved gracefully, but only dodged.  Not once did he bring his hands up from his sides, appearing to be dancing as the student fought to lay but a single strike.  After a short pause in fighting, Yun issued another command and the student shed all of his weights.  Through the marks left by the straps, Trevor saw even more clearly the perfectly shaped muscles on the student’s body.

Nodding, Yun assumed a fighting stance once more.  The student charged and leapt higher than what Trevor believed to be humanly possible while delivering no fewer than ten kicks before landing on the ground.  The student's speed appeared to have more than doubled and now Yun was actively blocking strikes.  Still unable to land a blow, the student persisted until Yun held out his hand.  The student immediately halted in mid-strike and bowed himself before Yun and retrieved his weights.

"As you can see, Trevor," said Yun, "not everyone will be able to pass this first stage of testing.  More than half the applicants fail to sustain their movements after sustaining the weights for any extended period.  They are branded, never again being able to apply again.  But those who succeed are granted speed and strength far beyond any normal man."

"So this is why the military had such a hard time facing you during the war," said Trevor.  "I understand now."

Yun nodded.  "Yes, and now that you know this secret you can never speak of it.  Do you understand?"

"Yes.  Do you think Scarface will be able to pass?"

Both men looked down to the raptor.  His eyes burned with excitement after having witnessed such a feat, and there was no doubt in their minds.

"He will pass."
****
The weights were difficult for Scarface to say the least, as was the task of the Black Dragon finding the means of attaching it to the raptor’s body.  Though proportionate to his body weight and distributed evenly with customized straps, the raptor's body was unaccustomed to carrying much weight at all.  After the first day he was exhausted, but refused to give up.  It soon became easier and Scarface was rapidly moving as if there were no restraints on his body.

Being that his body was still developing, Scarface found himself at an advantage.  Most of the recruits for the Black Dragon had long since reached their adult size.  Approaching four feet in length, Scarface was nearly half his adult size.  When things became difficult it angered Scarface, but he held onto the anger and let it fester inside of him.  In his mind, the anger gave him more strength.  Finally, the day of the first test had arrived.

"The time has come," Yun said before his students.  A modest assembly of black clad figures sat on the exterior of the rectangular arena, come to witness the testing that would prove to be a groundbreaking moment.  "Bring forth the raptor."

Two of the members stood simultaneously and retreated, returning with the raptor Scarface.  The saurian student was bound with straps to keep him from acting out, but at a motion of the hand by Yun the bonds were released.  Scarface, still held down by the weights, approached.  Parting his jaws in a menacing hiss, the raptor remembered the day only a week previous where Yun had humiliated him in The Pit.

Scarface was stronger now, his muscles having grown accustomed to the weights.  He had observed how these humans fought.  He knew the movements.  He was ready.  At a signal from Yun, Scarface attacked.  Without shrieking, he moved quickly and faked an attack.  As expected, the human moved to deflect.  At the last second, Scarface altered his approach and spun around to strike with his tail.

Yun saw the change in tactic and responded in kind with a sweeping technique.  The strike was solid, taking the raptor's feet from under him.  However, Scarface recovered quickly and used the falling momentum to lash out with his foot claws.  Yun again dodged and recomposed himself just as Scarface had regained balance.

Scarface leapt, slashing his forelimbs as Yun dodged.  Yun began to counter only to see that Scarface was turning in mid air and lashed out with his jaws.  Yun dodged this and jumped to another position in the ring.  When he landed, Yun dropped his fighting stance and motioned to two students.  Immediately they stood and ran to remove the weights from Scarface.

Once the weights were removed from the raptor, Yun resumed his fighting stance.  Scarface crouched low and lunged.  He was surprised by his new speed and slashed with his claws only to meet empty air.  Spinning around in a blur the raptor lashed blindly and was rewarded with the satisfying resistance of cloth and flesh.

Yun stepped back, examining the fresh wound on his arm before returning his gaze to the young raptor.  In a flurry, Yun executed a series of punches and kicks.  Scarface struggled to dodge but managed to avoid the blows.  In a quick decision, the raptor lunged forward and dashed between his attacker's legs.

Yun spun around to see Scarface skid to a halt, tearing the floor mat with his claws.  Scarface hissed and leapt high, higher than he had ever jumped before.  Nearly ten feet in the air, he sailed over his opponent and cleared a large distance.  Upon landing, Scarface righted himself and lunged once more, only to be struck hard on the side by one of Yun's spinning kicks.

Scarface could feel at least one of his ribs break from the blow as he fell to his side.  Struggling to stand once again, he forced his way to his feet and limped toward his opponent.  He would not allow this injury to rob him of his victory.  This would be twice the human had defeated him.

Yun saw the determination in the young raptor's eyes, and then dropped his stance.  He motioned to a black clad figure in the corner that removed a small blowgun and fired a dart at Scarface.  The raptor fell almost instantly, remaining conscious long enough to gaze venomously at Yun.

"He has a broken rib," said Yun.  "Treat his injury.  He has passed."
Chapter 12

A week passed and Scarface returned to full health.  The Black Dragon had treated him using advanced medical techniques to ensure he would recover quickly.  The weights were returned to Scarface's body and training intensified.  Being unable to learn the traditional way, Scarface was allowed to fight and spar with the human students.  In time, through much observation, he learned their maneuvers and the training sessions he attended lengthened.

It was not until several more months had passed that Scarface began to expand his view on what he could be capable.  During one session after he had successfully defeated one of the younger students, Scarface became acutely aware of another student crying out in pain.  Curious, the raptor removed himself from the presence of the other students to see a group standing around a fallen man, Yun on his back pressing deeply with his thumb.

"There are many points on the body where clusters of nerves meet," Yun explained.  "Exacting pressure on these points can cause severe pain with minimal effort.  To win a battle you do not always have to engage your opponent in direct combat.  A victory, even if minimal physical effort is used, is still a victory."

The student's nodded as the demonstrator stood, face bright red from exertion, and bowed to Yun.  Yun nodded and the student found his place among his comrades.  A few turned to see Scarface approach slowly.  The raptor met their gaze with a menacing hiss before falling in line.

"It would appear that our saurian brother wishes to participate as well," said Yun.  He waved his hand and immediately a man clad entirely in black was by his side.  "The raptor wishes to learn of pressure points.  We cannot allow his claws to be free during training purposes.  Have something devised for him."

The man clasped his hands together and bowed quickly before blending in with the shadows.  The students watched nervously and stepped away from Scarface, whose jaws were opening in a wicked raptor grin.  The saurian student had always made them nervous, especially given the freedoms he was allowed.  Many had sparred with him, suffering minor cuts and an untold number of welts and bruises, and now he was to learn more accurate points for causing pain.

After two days, a customized set of gloves arrived.  They were fitted over Scarface's feet and fore limbs, allowing the digits to move freely but not cause piercing damage.  It took another full day for the raptor to become accustomed to his new attire, but quickly found himself before the instructor.

A diagram of the human nervous system was displayed before the students, showing the exact points where pressure was to be applied.  Yun had retired from the training grounds to deal with business elsewhere, which was for the best for Scarface as he was ambitious and eager to test these new pain areas.

A different instructor demonstrated the pressure points and the students began to practice using mild strikes with their hands and fingers.  Scarface, unable to maneuver his own digits in the same manner, modified his technique to include jabs with his snout and swinging motions with his fingers.

Many attempts at finding the specific points under his opponent's cloth uniform failed.  In his frustration, the raptor lashed out with a jab from his snout against a student's thigh.  The student immediately buckled and fell to the ground.  Scarface cocked his head curiously and looked at the instructor.  The instructor nodded and pointed to the spot Scarface had struck on the diagram.

Pleased with himself, the raptor faced his opponent again and lashed out.  After two failed attempts, he was rewarded with a twinge of pain on the student’s face.  Once again, the instructor pointed on the chart where Scarface had struck.  Smiling with his wicked raptor grin, Scarface continued in this manner until his opponent requested to be retired from training.  A fresh opponent was supplied and the training continued.

Months passed further, Scarface balancing his fight training with the pressure points.  As he grew larger and stronger, more weights were added to his frame.  He struck harder during sparring and quickly became more accurate with pressure points.  After a full year, he was on par with the best of the students and refused to work with any other than the best.

"He has done quite well, Trevor," Yun said in the office as he handed a glass of wine to the bounty Hunter.  "He has progressed faster than many of my best students."

Trevor took a sip of wine and looked out the glass window to see the students training alongside the raptor.  "Hard not to think of him as one of your own," he said.  "But how long until he gets bored again?  Last year he nearly took out a military officer.  I'd hate to see what he'd do to the guy now."

"We still have means of keeping the raptor occupied.  He has yet to experience an opponent wielding a weapon.  Perhaps a demonstration for the other students is in order.  Normally they must master hand to hand combat before being allowed training weapons, but since the raptor will not be wielding them we could advance his training."

Trevor drank the remaining liquid in his glass and set it gently on the table.  "I appreciate you doing this for me.  He will be a valuable asset in my endeavors.  I have been able to get a few good bounties but not without my fair share of personal loss and injury."

Yun nodded slowly as he rubbed his chin.  "Perhaps another year and the raptor will be yours again."

"It seems a long time.  Isn't he ready now?"

"Come with me."

Trevor followed Yun into the training area.  Students jumped to attention and Scarface casually stood, more out of habit than respect.  Yun motioned to Scarface, who stepped forward and narrowed his eyes in hatred at the human.  At a motion from Yun, the raptor's claw restraints and weights were removed before he made his way into the ring.

"You have come far, Scarface," said Yun.  "But you still have far to go.  We will begin the next phase of your training."

Yun nodded to a guard, who presented him with twin wooden swords.  Scarface cocked his head, unsure of what to make of the new development.  He remembered seeing the objects being used before, but he quickly decided it did not matter.  With his constraints removed, he would defeat Yun with no difficulty.

Trevor watched anxiously.  He did not know if Scarface had seen him, much less recognized, but he was about to see just how far the raptor's training had come.  The two combatants stood, barely moving as they studied each other.  Scarface attacked first.

With lightning speed, the raptor lunged.  Yun dodged the initial attack but quickly realized it was a ruse.  The raptor's tail was already bearing down on the intended area where Scarface knew Yun would move.  Yun adjusted his body to avoid the solid blow but was grazed by Scarface's elongated tail feathers.

The next few seconds were a blur of attacks, dodges and counter attacks.  Both were well trained and skilled, but the training swords were something Scarface had never before seen.  After the combatants broke from the scuffle and returned to a ready position, Yun smiled.

"You fight well," said Yun.  "But the first round is always to gauge an opponent's skill, strength, and weakness.  The second round is to test their defense!"

Yun charged, swinging the wooden blades in a well-choreographed technique, causing Scarface to stagger.  The raptor was able to dodge the first strike but was struck hard on the neck by the second blade.  He hissed and retaliated, trying to get between the swirling blades and tear at the man he despised so much.  His speed was an advantage, but Yun had experience.

Changing tactics, Scarface went after the blades.  He tried to knock them away but only succeeded in being beaten by them several times sequentially.  His anger rising, Scarface attacked more fiercely.  Using every technique he knew, the raptor engaged his enemy.  In a split second, an opening presented itself.

A more primal part of Scarface took over.  Rather than a controlled technique he knew, the raptor lashed out with his claws.  The blow landed squarely on Yun's face, producing three deep parallel cuts.

Scarface stopped.  He watched as blood dripped down Yun's face from the open wounds.  A memory surfaced.  In his mind, gunshots fired.  His family was dead.  He saw himself leaping against one of the humans and marking him.  His family...

An outburst of rage overcame Scarface.  He moved swiftly in an all out offensive.  Yun retreated, dodging and blocking the savage claws and teeth.  However, the outrage of Scarface proved to be his downfall.

Blinded by his fury, the raptor could not think or calculate.  Seconds later, Yun struck one of the raptor's pressure points with full force of a wooden blade.  Scarface fell to the floor, breathing heavily and slowly rolled to his side.  The rage slowly left and was replaced by pain.

Yun wiped his face, turning his hand dark red with blood.  He looked at the fallen raptor and scowled.  "Replace his restraints and return him to his dwelling.  The bonds are never again to be removed while he is here."

Students and guards complied, removing Scarface from the presence of their head instructor.  Trevor approached and offered a cloth to Yun, who accepted it and wiped his face.

"It would appear the raptor has past experiences which we were unaware," Yun said.  "I always saw he despised working with humans, but not until now did I have indication of why."

"I noticed that as well," Trevor said.  "I always assumed it was because he was in unfamiliar territory."

"Regardless, what he did reminded him of someone that did a great wrong.  I fear whenever he looks at me now he will see that man.  I have humiliated him many times so he already hated me.  But these marks will ensure a new level of hatred."

Trevor watched as Scarface was taken through a doorway, the panels closing loudly behind.  "So what of his training, then?  How much longer will it be?"

"The raptor has only one more course, and that is defense against those wielding weapons.  Blades and staffs, but also firearms.  His aggravated condition is sure to assist in the training."

Yun looked in the direction of Scarface's room.  He had always been the greatest in the Black Dragon but now that Scarface had cut his flesh, he would lose prestige from not only his students but his master as well.  He could cut Scarface down as many times as he wanted, but it was now clear that the raptor could now surpass him.
****
Scarface paced his room, agitated by his confinement.  He had spent so much time among the humans he had nearly forgotten why he hated them.  They killed his family and wounded his body.  His mind was scarred, but the wound has now reopened.

He lost the battle with Yun, but the human's flesh was torn by his hand.  Scarface would train against the weapons he saw, and all others they would throw at him.  His passion had been renewed, and now the blood in his veins burned like fire.

No longer would he go easy on the humans.  He was not in the company of fellow students.  They were his enemies.  They were his tools.  The humans did not own Scarface.  They were at his disposal.  Now they would know his full strength.
Chapter 13

Despite his restraints, Scarface moved swiftly against his opponent.  Even though the human wielded a long training sword, unsharpened for the purposes of training, any strike still had the potential to break bone.  But Scarface avoided it still.

The days were all the same to the raptor.  Eat, sleep, and fight.  That was his whole purpose.  Every time he saw Yun Chow and the recent marks on the master's face he was reminded of the day his parents were killed before him.  He was reminded of the whole reason behind trusting a human to take him here, and of his reason for existence.

The human swung hard and fast, but Scarface could easily read the body language and dodged with little effort.  An opening presented itself, to which Scarface lashed out and made contact with the student's ribs.  He did not strike at full strength, but even then could feel the cracking of bone.

The student backed out and surrendered, much to the displeasure of Scarface.  The raptor began pacing back and forth anxiously, waiting for the next challenger.  His impatience was evident among the human students who, despite training to overcome fear, dreaded going against their saurian counterpart.  At last, a student stepped forward.

The two combatants entered a ready stance and held it for a long time.  The first strike in any match was critical and usually would be countered by the opposing member.  Scarface's impatience got the better of him and so he lashed out with his fore limbs.  The student dodged and came in with a counterattack, but Scarface had anticipated the move.  He ducked down and avoided the kick, then lunged forward and struck the student in the back with his snout.

The student staggered but quickly recovered.  He ran full speed against the raptor and, using every combination of strikes he knew, attempting to land but a single blow to his opponent.  Every strike hit only air as Scarface dodged and the student soon became reckless.

Quickly becoming bored with his opponent, Scarface went on the offensive and lashed out with his hand claws in a sweeping motion.  As expected, the student dodged by leaning back.  However, the claw swipe was intended only to be a distraction.  Continuing the momentum, the student saw too late the raptor's tail swinging around.  Scarface's tail made contact with the reverse side of the student's knee, causing him to buckle and fall onto his back.  Even before the student landed, Scarface was upon him putting pressure against the student's chest with a clawed foot.  The student gasped loudly as he landed, the wind nearly pushed from his lungs.  Pressure from the raptor’s foot threatened to push farther down and, despite his training, the student allowed fear to show in his eyes.

His victory ensured, Scarface snorted in the student's face and released him.  More agitated now, Scarface began pacing vigorously.  He wanted a strong opponent, but even the most advanced of students were now wary of the raptor.  While rivalries and contentions had long been allowed among the students in order to further themselves, Scarface was the only thing they still feared.

"Why do none challenge him?" Yun said as he walked into the room.  Immediately the students snapped to attention and faced their master.  All except Scarface, who slowly turned to face Yun.  "Are you afraid of being defeated by a mere animal?  Even in defeat, here in this training hall, you gain experience.  Experience is the key here.  Not victory or failure.  For it is only in giving up have you truly failed."

A few students began to sweat as Yun Chow walked among them.  

"Disappointments, all of you!  You are meant to be the example for the others!"

Scarface watched as Yun paced before the students before finally turning to the raptor.  The fire in their eyes met as the two remembered their previous encounters and battles together.  Yun traced the scars on his face with his finger and narrowed his eyes.

"Scarface!  The choice is yours.  Whom do you challenge?"

Scarface stepped forward in a threatening posture and issued a challenge toward Yun himself.  The master stepped forward and folded arms.

"So the student is ready to challenge the master?  Then so be it."

Yun attacked first, fist and foot striking like lightning.  Even bound with the weights, Scarface was able to dodge most of the attacks.  Those he failed to dodge completely only managed to graze his feathery hide.  In the counterattacks, Yun managed to dodge the majority with only a few managing to glance across his body.  The battle continued between the two contestants, appearing to be an even match for one another.

"You have learned much.  But you are still little more than a beast."

Yun grabbed a practice sword from against the wall and came swinging at Scarface.  The raptor dodged and was able to put forth a few strikes himself.  Appearing to be trying hard, Scarface made it look like Yun was gaining the upper hand.  A few strikes were allowed to land, giving Yun a sense of false confidence.  Scarface had indeed learned many things, but among the most critical was that of deception.

Twisting his arm for a parry, Yun lashed out and as expected Scarface dodged.  Yun smiled inwardly.  This technique had always landed a critical blow against the raptor.  Without altering his grip, the master swung sideways only to see the raptor dodge once again and come in fast with a counterstrike.  The blow landed solidly against Yun, causing him to stagger.  The students gasped as their master recomposed himself and entered a ready stance.  What he saw next was unprecedented.

With three quick movements, Scarface lashed against the leather binding on his restraints.  The weights and coverings for his claws fell to the ground and all went silent within the room.  Scarface crouched low and roared, causing the air to vibrate.  Yun's gaze narrowed.

"So this was your plan," Yun growled.  "You become weary of regular combat so you shed your restraints.  Very well, but death is the only outcome now!"  Throwing the practice blade aside, Yun removed his top clothing and with it, his own weighted shackles.  The Dragon tattoo appeared to come alive over the rippling muscles of the master, flexing and twisting as if it were itself a sentient being.

At a shouted command, a hooded guard unsheathed his blade and tossed it to Yun.  The master made a fanciful display of technique before cutting through a wooden pillar.  The pillar stood motionless for a moment before sliding against a perfect cut.

Scarface roared and charged, met by a battle cry from Yun.  The two executed an exchange of movements that would be a blur to the naked eye, yet with their heightened senses they could see, predict, and dodge every technique.

While Yun was limited mostly due to his use of the sword, every part of Scarface's body was a weapon.  The free claws on hand and foot, his jaws, tail, snout, and even his chest were all used offensively.  Unable to block attacks as the humans could, Scarface had long since tuned his body to dodge and use the momentum to counter the opponent's strike.

Yun, despite his speed and experience, was unable to land a single solid blow on the attacking raptor.  Minor cuts were all he could manage, bits of red and green plumage from the raptor falling to the ground with the occasional drop of blood.  Nevertheless, Yun, too, suffered the same way.

Scarface jumped and spun, lashing out whenever an opening presented itself.  His animal reflexes were already advanced beyond that of normal humans, but three years of constant training had advanced them to a degree never before seen.  Humans tired quickly, even while surging with adrenaline.  However, being a born hunter, Scarface could last longer.

A falter in Yun's step and Scarface made his advance.  Dodging a strike, he continued forward and knocked Yun off his feet.  Before the human landed, Scarface was already making motions for his next strike.  A quick motion with his elongated killing claw was all he needed.  After hitting his mark, the raptor retreated and slowed his breathing.

"Fool," Yun said from the ground.  "If your intent was to kill me then you should have finished the job!"

Yun stood, but immediately collapsed upon putting pressure on his right foot.  He had felt a strong pain behind his ankle but his long training had made him block it out.  Upon examining the wound, he felt a cold sweat forming.  His Achilles tendon had been severed by the raptor’s claw.  Narrowing his eyes, the master swore an ancient Chinese curse.  Scarface had not intended to kill him yet.  He first wanted to make the master suffer.

Rising once again, Yun did his best to charge.  However, with only one functioning foot, his technique was off and he quickly found his sword-wielding arm in the jaws of the raptor.  A quick twist broke the bone and forced the forearm to bend unnaturally.  Before the human could recover, Scarface pushed Yun to the ground and dug his elongated claw into the man's shoulder.  He twisted slowly and despite decades of experience and training, Yun cried out in pain.

The student's could only watch their fallen master, either from sense of honor or fear they did not come to his aid.  Scarface was standing over the master now, placing his jaws around the man's head.  Slowly, he began to twist.  Unable to resist, Yun Chow could only scream at the pain and sounds of his own neck breaking.

A final breath and then an involuntary muscle spasm from the human, and Scarface dropped the lifeless body of his nemesis.  A sense of power flowed through him.  He eyed the students and guards, and then roared.  The sound shook windows as it reverberated through the halls.  A guard screamed, followed by another as they unsheathed their blades, and charged.  Looking at the oncoming threats, Scarface could have smiled.
****
Trevor entered the training area to the sounds of screams and battle.  He had intended on checking the progress of his raptor pet, but what he saw before him appeared to be out of a horror movie.  Guards and students alike were thrown all over, many torn apart and unrecognizable.  A few were trying to remove themselves from the scene while holding gaping wounds.  In the midst of it all was Scarface.

The bounty hunter's eyes widened at the sight of his creature.  Covered in blood and lashing out without mercy, he attacked not only those of the Black Dragon who attacked him but also those trying to flee.  A berserker rage had overcome the raptor, causing him to attack anything and everything that moved.

Trevor could only watch as the organization he had heard so much about fell before the raptor's fury.  Frozen by the spectacle, his muscles refused to obey.  Scarface's gaze suddenly fell upon him and he fell backward as the killer ran full speed, shrieking in primal bloodlust.

"Scarface, wait!" Trevor screamed.

Scarface suddenly slowed and stopped before the fallen man.  Clarity returned to his brain as he recognized the man who had taken him in from his home on Dinoworld.  Realization set in that this was the only one who could return him home and allow vengeance to be brought upon those who had wronged him.

The room was silent now, all survivors having fled the scene.  Blood stained the floor and covered the majority of the raptor's body.  Knowing they could not stay, Trevor motioned for Scarface to follow.

"We're going to be wanted by the Black Dragon," said Trevor, uncertain if his saurian companion was capable of understanding.  "We have to lay low for a while.  But I think you have had enough training.  You will be by my side from now on.  I still have some things to show you, but now you're ready to test the practical application of what you have learned."
Chapter 14

"We need to lay low for a while," Trevor said as he led Scarface by a leash through the spaceport terminal.  The raptor was stressed being in restraints once again, but did his best not to let it show.  "I know you hate this thing but we have to be inconspicuous."

Trevor felt odd saying it, as leading a six-foot dinosaur by the leash was anything but subtle.  However, this particular spaceport was commonplace for those of unique professions.  Bounty hunters, smugglers and black market suppliers all chose this one in particular.  It was more costly, but fewer questions were asked.  If any ship was caught on the scanners landing outside specified zones or without authorization, a heavy fine ensued along with the common confiscation of everything on board.

A few odd glances made Trevor uncomfortable but none dared approach someone who had a raptor by their side.  Once the clearance papers were signed, the duo made their way into a docking bay.  There sat Trevor's spacecraft.  Modified from a pre-war military cruiser it was box shaped with a narrow cockpit.  The rear had four holding cells, a lavatory, and a cooking station.  A variety of weapons was hidden in panels all along the interior and a special seating area had just been added for the benefit of Scarface.

Approaching the craft, Scarface was nervous about entering it.  It had been nearly four years since he had set foot in such a contraption, and even then, he was on the verge of death so did not remember much.

"Everything is in order, sir," a man said as he checked a series of boxes on a digital handheld monitor.  "You may depart when ready."

Trevor nodded.  He was about to enter his craft when a man shouting in Mandarin ran into the bay.  He pointed at Trevor, reached to his side, and grabbed a pistol.  Trevor was quicker on the draw and managed to fire twice, both bullets hitting the man in the chest.

"Get inside!" Trevor shouted.  Scarface complied, though the fresh violence pulled the primal instinct within him to find more victims.  The raptor stood inside as the side door closed and air hissed as the seal connected.

Jumping into the flight chair, Trevor hurriedly pressed a sequence of buttons.  The engines began to scream while in the doorway outside, five more Chinese men entered and immediately opened fire upon the craft.  Reinforced bulletproofing ensured the safety of the occupants, but the psychological fear remained.

The craft lifted a few inches from the ground and Trevor pressed a red button.  A cannon emerged from the right side of the craft and fired a single rocket.  The explosion destroyed the wall next to the men, killing them with the shock wave.

"Guess this means we aren't welcome on Khepri anymore," said Trevor.  Purging the boosters, the bounty hunter clipped the exit portal with his craft, causing Scarface to stagger in the back.  The raptor hissed as he regained his footing.  "Sorry."

"Attention departing spacecraft," a voice over the radio said.  "You are in direct violation of-” Trevor flipped a switch that ended the transmission.  He pressed a couple other buttons and flew upward.  Moments later, the sky went from blue to a star-filled blackness.

"You might want to brace yourself," Trevor said, knowing the raptor had no idea what was coming.  Nearly a dozen spacecraft with blinking red and blue lights on top approached quickly.  An alarm sounded, letting Trevor know that the police craft were targeting him.  "I always hate this part."

Pressing another button, Trevor could feel the space around him begin to stretch and warp.  An instant later he was thrown back hard against his seat as the world around him flashed white.  A second later, all was quiet.  The world of Khepri was gone, replaced by a small brown planet covered in craters.  Looking in the back, Trevor saw Scarface struggling to stand and shaking his head in frustration.

"Yeah, I don't like space jumps either, but we were in kind of a hurry."

Scarface tried to take a step but instead found himself floating inside the rear of the craft.  More in frustration than fear, the raptor latched on to the closest thing he could find.

"You're not used to zero gravity," Trevor said as he unbuckled himself and floated to the back.  "But I have to figure out where to go next.  Khepri is out of the question and I can't risk you running off if I take you back to Dinoworld."

Floating over to a computer console, readouts of a dozen worlds appeared with data such as distance, size, population, and climate.  A few caught his eye, and looking over at Scarface, he decided the closer the better.  The raptor was clearly annoyed at the lack of gravity and yearned for solid ground.

"Looks like there are three worlds we could hide on for a while," Trevor said.  "Carnius and Florian have a few outlying colonies, but space travel will certainly draw attention.  I would think Damara would be our best bet.  Gravity is one point five G's, but that is something we can get used to.  Air quality isn't the best, but at least it isn't toxic."

Several worlds had been discovered during the first days of planetary exploration.  Seven were colonized permanently with smaller settlements on no fewer than ten other worlds.  Still more had been found, but after spending an extended period exposed on the surface the atmosphere proved to be toxic to humans.  Damara, while habitable, provided smaller oxygen content and more nitrogen in the atmosphere.  While well known, the lack of anything profitable meant very few chose to land on its surface.

Making his way back to the pilot seat, Trevor punched in the coordinates.  He yelled back to Scarface, who tensed when the whine of the hyperdrive engines began.  With a flash and a jolt, the craft was suddenly in another part of the galaxy.  Scarface hissed his displeasure and lodged himself next to one of the prison cells.

Outside the window, a large brown world appeared as the spacecraft turned.  A few streaks of blue and green told of liquid water and photosynthesis, proving that life existed.  Nevertheless, despite these patches of greenery and water, the majority of the surface was barren rock.  Trevor switched from automatic pilot to manual and began flying toward an area next to one of the green and blue outcroppings.

The craft shook violently as it entered the atmosphere, yellow sparks flying from the sides and the heat inside the cabin increased dramatically.  Scarface yelled out in frustration but held firm.  A moment later, the shaking stopped and the raptor could feel the weight of his own body once again.

After several more minutes, Trevor maneuvered the craft to a flat area.  Stabilizing jets blew air against the ground to slow the descent until, with a final jolt, the craft landed and was still.  Scarface breathed a visible sigh of relief, as did Trevor.

"Sorry about that.  You're going to have to get used to that now that you're with me."

Checking the systems before shutting down, Trevor saw they had enough fuel for two more hyperspace jumps.  He would have to carefully calculate their next destination or risk running out of fuel.  If they went to one world and were found out, they would only be able to jump once more in a hurry and through his experience, Trevor knew hasty jumps often led into deeper trouble.

Unstrapping himself, Trevor immediately felt the increased gravity one and a half times stronger than to what humans were accustomed.  Scarface, however, showed no such strain.  Having spent years with weights strapped to his body he welcomed the increased gravity.

The side panel hissed and slid open, letting in a blast of native Damarian air.  It was stale and thick, causing Trevor to cough a few times before finding his breath.  He stepped outside and examined the landscape.  Deep brown sand covered the surface with boulders and a few hills breaking up the terrain.  A few hundred yards away was the edge of a forest, unearthly shades of green on the foliage covering deep black tree trunks.  A small stream ran to the south of them, making access to water easy.

"I'll bring up some information to see what we'll be dealing with here," Trevor said as he returned to the back of the spacecraft.  "All I know is that not too many people have come here in the past."

While the bounty hunter looked at the readout, Scarface ventured onto the surface of the world.  The sand, though coarse looking, actually felt soft between his toes.  A wealth of new smells welcomed him and curiosity overcame caution.  Making his way to the stream, Scarface sniffed the water.  It smelled similar to the water he was used to, but was still different.

Taking a cautionary taste, he found the liquid was rich in minerals his body craved.  Having spent so much time eating human made food and drinking human filtered water, the raptor relished in the all natural flavor and composition of the liquid.  Taking long, satisfying gulps, his body now craved something more.  He needed raw meat.  If there was one thing he remembered from his home world, it was that water always drew in prey items.

Scarface did not have to wait long.  The sun glinted off something in the raptor's peripheral vision.  A flash of red and black scales was all it took for Scarface to be on guard.  The creature slithered, knowing it had been discovered.  But its confidence grew as it felt no fear from Scarface.

Crawling over a boulder was a large reptilian creature with six legs attached to a narrow body twelve feet in length.  The head was short but powerful, filled with a double row of needle-like teeth.  Making its way over the boulder with four-toed feet, the creature's tail whipped back and forth in excitement.

After a brief stare down, the creature lunged with frightening speed.  Having grown as a predator on a world with higher gravity, the creature's muscles were well adapted.  However, Scarface was also used to the weight from his training with the Black Dragon.

Scarface leapt out of the way as the creature's jaws closed, sending a plume of sand as its head crashed into the ground.  Undeterred, the creature spun to find Scarface lunging.  The raptor struck the creature hard in the side, causing it to stagger slightly, but steel-like claws gripped the ground below.

The creature hissed and began whipping its tail.  Rocks broke under the tail's impact as Scarface dodged.  Timing it perfectly, the raptor lunged in as the tail lashed forward again and caught it within his jaws.  The creature howled, more in protest than pain, and tried to free itself.

Scarface pulled backward, but the creature he fought was physically superior and pulled him forward.  Biting down with full force and twisting, the raptor bit off the piece of tail he was grasping.  The creature shrieked and whipped its tail around, sending a spray of crimson blood on the surrounding soil.

Spitting out the tail, Scarface leapt and landed squarely on the reptile's head.  His aim had been perfect.  Without hesitating the raptor flexed his elongated kill claws, burying them deep in his opponent's eyes.

The creature hissed and tried to wriggle free.  It landed hard on its side and flipped onto its back in an attempt to squash its attacker, but Scarface had felt the muscle messages.  He had leapt upward and when he landed, it was upon the creature's chest.  Wasting no time, the raptor tore into the creature's exposed belly while six clawed feet flailed wildly around him.

The creature slowly lost its strength, the movements lessening before ceasing all together.  Scarface let loose a cry of victory before burying his muzzle into the tissue of his fallen prey.  The flesh tasted a bit odd, having much higher iron content than what he was accustomed, but he relished it nonetheless.

Trevor exited the spacecraft quickly and found his saurian companion atop his victim.  Approaching slowly, the bounty hunter stared at the fallen prey.  Scarface eyed him warily before pulling off another piece of flesh.

"I've been trying to figure out where to go next," said Trevor.  "And I think you've just given me an idea.
Chapter 15

The craft exited hyperspace, Scarface once again growling his disapproval at the method of travel and the sensation of weightlessness.  Trevor only peered through the front window of his craft and smiled.  Before him was the gray mass of a moon orbiting a yellow gas giant planet.

"There it is," said Trevor.  "The Greenhouse at Delta."

The Greenhouse was more a nickname, and Delta a location.  Originally planted on the moon because of its gravity being comparable to that of Earth, it was an outpost set to study the effects of various plant life in the depths of space.  The engineers expanded the original facility and, becoming bored with routine, began placing bets on small rodents they had discovered on a nearby moon that climbed aboard their exploration crafts.

Not content with the small sport, a few scientists began engineering the rodents to become larger and stronger.  Word spread as rotations of workers changed and though it remained unofficial, the Greenhouse had now become a hub for criminals and illegal gambling.  The prize entertainment was the creature fights.

Genetic abominations, these creatures had been created in labs purely for entertainment.  Like the Pit on Khepri, only one competitor left the arena alive.  Millions of credits were invested in the creation of each creature, and billions were to be won or lost.  Fight and die.  That was their purpose.  Many never make it beyond the first fight, but for those that do it is only a matter of time.

"Attention, approaching craft," a voice sounded over the radio.  "We have you on our scanners.  Please declare your destination and purpose."

Trevor pressed a button to transmit.  "Requesting permission to land on Delta station for refueling and delivery of precious cargo," he said.  Being this far from civilization, refueling was common at stations such as this for explorers and other travelers.  As for the precious cargo, that indicated he wanted to participate in the fights.

"Please transmit your identification clearance codes," the voice sounded.

Pressing a few buttons on his control panel, Trevor sent an encrypted message with his ship's identification as well as his exact intentions.  Nothing with that information was ever broadcast openly.  The risk of discovery was still high, especially if someone was working as an agent for one of the governments of the colonized worlds.

"Your clearance has been accepted.  Please proceed to docking bay twelve."

Trevor made his way to the docking bay, a landing platform normally covered by a ceiling made of folding metal sheets.  Originally, these had been expansions of the greenhouses but were later adapted to store ships.  While closed, the bays would appear indiscriminate.

Landing on the surface of the world, Scarface was happy to once again have ground beneath his feet.  Trevor had to stop the raptor from going outside until the bay was pressurized again.  The moon had no real atmosphere itself and the bays took several minutes to pressurize before anyone could move about.

"Pressurization complete," the voice said.  "You may now exit your craft."

The side door of the craft opened, letting in a waft of fresh air.  Unlike many other stations that used air recyclers, Delta Greenhouse was still a functioning greenhouse with photosynthesis.  The only air storage was for use with pressurizing the docking bays as people came and went, and the many plants the facility housed easily replaced that air.

A doorway on the side of the bay opened and a well-groomed man dressed in a fancy red silk shirt and black trousers emerged.

"Trevor, what an unexpected surprise," the man said.  "To what do I owe your presence?"

"Hello, Don," said Trevor.  "I need fuel and a place to lay low for a while.  I ran into a bit of trouble with the Black Dragon."

"Oh, that is quite serious.  However, as is our policy, we cannot ask the details.  Come and relax.  And who might this be?"  Don's eyes looked up and down the feathery hide of Scarface, who only gave an annoyed hiss in response.

"This is Scarface.  I believe he will do well in the fights."

Don's eyes grew wide.  "Are you certain, Trevor?  I know you have placed bets in the past, but are you willing to risk such a prize in the arena?"

"You have not seen what he is capable of as I have.  Besides, I need some immediate funds.  I can't risk what I have left betting on creatures I am unfamiliar with."

"Very well, but the arena is closed for today.  It will open again in ten hours.  I trust you have the registration fee?"

"I have thirty-five hundred credits on hand."

"Oh, no, that will not do.  Registration is five thousand."

"Five?!  I can't afford that!  Give me a break, Don."

Don scratched his chin, tracing along an elaborate mustache.  "I normally don't do this with first time competitors, but I am willing to cut you a break.  Give me what you have and I will credit the remainder to you.  If your raptor wins, you pay the remainder out of your winnings.  However, if you lose, you will owe me for both the credit and the fuel.  Plus interest."

Trevor groaned inwardly.  It was risky, but the payout would more than cover any expenses.  Of course, that would only be if he won.  Looking at Scarface and then Don, he came to a decision.

"All right," Trevor said grudgingly.  "You have a deal."
****
The majority of the facility was nothing special.  Long hallways passing glass rooms revealed a thousand variants of extraterrestrial plant life, many being tested to see what effects they would have on one another.  Other rooms had scientists in white lab coats conducting experiments to see what medicinal properties certain plants held, and still more seeing what plants were edible.

Overall, there was nothing to suspect anything illegal going on within the facility.  That was, however, until the end of one particularly long hallway.  A single guard was stationed in a chair, a large bolted door with a biohazard sign across its face stood behind him.

"Hello, Don," the guard said, noticing the raptor following behind him and the visitor.  "Some more experimentation?"

"In a manner of speaking," Don replied.

Both men removed a security card and scanned them simultaneously, and then each of them punched in a security code.  Two green lights turned on as the door hissed open on its own.  Don and Trevor entered, followed by Scarface.  Behind them, the door closed loudly and all was quiet.

"That guy never suspects anything?" Trevor asked as they began walking.

Don shook his head.  "Not many of the employees out there know about what goes on back here.  I can pass off as a wealthy executive who is interested in preserving the human race.  Animals are brought down here for what we refer to as closed environments.  As far as they know, we are testing the sustainability of various plants should we ever decide to artificially populate a world."

At the end of the hall was another door, also thick and bolted.  Don entered his personal identification number and the door clicked open.  The group stepped through to find a dozen shady figures scattered across a well-maintained waiting area with fancy couches and expensive paintings lining the walls.  Some patrons were engrossed in a game of cards with stacks of coins being wagered while others slept or were browsing a galactic network for various intents.

A few eyes turned upward upon their arrival, some watching warily as the raptor looked at each new face with the same menacing scowl.  Some of the guests began to smile with the promise of a new competitor to the fights while others clung closer to their precious winnings.

"We have about fifty guests right now," said Don.  Most of the rooms are currently being occupied, but I can spot you a spare until tomorrow.  Just add it on to your tab."

Trevor nodded as they passed wary faces and turned down a corridor.  After passing a dozen doorways, Don stopped and removed an electronic key from his pocket.  Scanning it on the handle, the door opened to reveal a spacious room.  A cushioned bed was next to the far wall with a mini bar bordering the left side.  The carpet itself was very stylish and Trevor found himself wondering why Don bothered with such finery for such rambunctious guests that frequented here.

"I will have some fresh meat brought up for your pet," Don said as he retreated down the hall.  "The two of you have quite a big day tomorrow."

Trevor closed the door and relished in the quiet air.  Scarface made his way next to the bed and, finding a preferable piece of carpet, curled up on the floor.  The raptor relished in the warmth, reminding him of the down feathers of his parents.

The sudden memory of his murdered family caused Scarface to tense as he tried his best to hide the frustration while in the presence of the human.  A renewed hatred surged through his veins and Scarface had to look away.  He reminded himself that this human was his only chance of returning him home to find those who had wronged him.

A knock on the door caused both Scarface and Trevor to tense.  When Trevor answered, a waiter dressed in white wheeled in a metal cart.  He opened the side and removed a pile of fresh meat, placing it on a platter.  At the smell of the flesh, Scarface approached and began to gorge himself.

"I'm glad you have some of this stuff prepared already," Trevor told the waiter.

"Yes, we have to keep our prize pets well fed," the waiter responded.  "I shall return later to retrieve the dish.  Is there anything I can get for you, sir?"

"No, but if you don't mind me asking, where do you get meat like this?  I find it hard to believe they send you fresh meat at regular intervals."

The waiter gave a slight grin as he turned away.  "Even in death the competitors serve a purpose."
Chapter 16

Scarface walked down the concrete alley, seeing the caged door before him.  A sense of longing came over him as he recognized the purpose of the portal.  Outside, the people cheered for action, and that only fed the raptor's exhilaration.

At once, the gate opened and Scarface entered, hearing the announcer declare his name.  This arena was different from The Pit, where Scarface had fought before.  Blood stained the walls and claw marks of a thousand battles scarred the edges of the arena.  There were no obstacles, just an open area.  Two competitors entered and only one exited.

The door at the opposite side of the stadium opened and Scarface hissed in anticipation of his opponent.  Like lightning, a black and yellow serpent appeared.  It glared at the raptor with unblinking eyes and spread its hood, making it appear to have tripled the size of its head.  Metallic spikes, either forged afterward or bred into the creature's genetics, lined the hood and added to the fierce appearance.

Scarface was wary, but excited.  The serpent was more than three times his length and clearly faster.  However, Scarface had a mission.  This creature was only an obstacle.  He had overcome every obstacle in his life so far.  This was no different.

The raptor lunged, testing the speed and reflexes of his adversary.  The serpent quickly dodged and countered, Scarface barely able to avoid the creature's giant fangs.  The serpent went on the offensive, working Scarface into a corner amidst the approving cries of the spectators.

The cold concrete greeted Scarface as he backed into the wall.  But retreat was not his intent.  The serpent flexed its muscles, giving Scarface the cue to leap away.  Matching his opponent's speed, the raptor leapt up and forward as the strike came.  Unable to stop, the serpent crashed into the wall and gave a shriek of surprise and pain.

The spectators cheered as Scarface lunged at the rear of the serpent.  The tail moved quickly out of Scarface's striking range and coiled next to the serpent's head.  A quick flex and the tip of the tail separated into three steel segments.  Like a whip, the tail lashed out at Scarface.

Using the best of his abilities, Scarface judged the timing of each strike perfectly.  Finding the opportune moment, he lashed out and caught the tail just behind the steel spines.  He bit hard and twisted, snapping the weapon from its owner's body.  The serpent shrieked and recoiled its tail, spreading the menacing hood ever farther.

With boosted confidence, Scarface crouched low and hissed a challenge of his own.  The serpent snapped its head forward and a green liquid escaped its toothed maw.  The raptor dodged and looked as the venom struck the concrete and began to smoke and sizzle.  With the new danger present, Scarface once again became wary.  He knew there was a time for action and a time for caution.  Unsure of this new development, he chose caution.

Twice more did the serpent spit its acidic venom, and twice more did Scarface dodge.  The serpent lunged forward again, but this time the venom only made it halfway to its intended target.  The toxin could only be produced in set quantities, and now it had run out.  Seeing his opportunity, Scarface leapt forward and latched on to the opposing creature’s neck with his jaws.  The serpent shrieked but did not retreat.  Instead, it threw its coils around the attacking raptor and began to squeeze.

Scarface could feel the death grip tightening around him, yet he refused to surrender.  With every pound of pressure given to his body, he dug his talons deeper into his prey.  For several moments there appeared to be little more than muscle spasms from either contender and the spectators watched as a pool of blood formed below their entertainment.
****
Trevor watched, sweating profusely as the serpent squeezed.  If he lost Scarface, he would lose everything.  The silence in the arena became unbearable as spectators began wondering who had won, or if both had been killed and they would lose their money regardless.

A stirring in the pile of flesh drew anxious gasps.  Trevor gripped the railing as he watched.  From between the folds of the serpent's coils, Scarface emerged and drew a victory cry.  The raptor removed himself from his fallen victim amongst cries of joy or sorrow as bets had either been won or lost.

Trevor fell into his seat relieved when something caught his eye in the arena.  Scarface had leaned over to one side, removed a small ivory-colored object from his side, and dropped it from his jaws.

"Well done," said Don as he approached Trevor with a stack of money.  "It would appear that your raptor will serve well here after all."

"I want a medical team to run a diagnostic on Scarface," Trevor said.

"Oh, of course.  Only the best for our entertainment."

Trevor was about to respond when sudden shouts drew his attention back to the arena.  Scarface was staggering, a white froth forming in his mouth.  A sudden realization hit Trevor.

"The serpent was able to get a fang into Scarface," came Trevor's words with a hint of dread.  "There's venom in his system!"

Don began shouting orders as medical crews arrived in time to see the raptor buckle over and begin convulsing.  Scarface was placed onto a stretcher as people drew blood samples and injected an I.V. into the creature's arm.  One ran to collect the broken piece of Fang as other men dressed in black began to hose down the arena and remove the dead serpent.

The spectators settled down as the animals were removed.  They cared nothing for the aftermath of the fight.  For all they cared, after the fight was over and money was exchanged, the creature could die.  Scarface had won, even if in the aftermath he died.  They only sat anxiously and awaited the announcement on what the next contenders would be.
Chapter 17

"How is he?" Trevor asked as he watched through the operating window.  Three doctors surrounded the unconscious raptor, taking notes and adjusting knobs to various instruments.

"It is hard to tell," said Korey Hook, the chief medical technician.  "We are still analyzing the venom from the serpent.  That is the thing with these genetic mutations.  It could be a simple neurotoxin or it could be dissolving the raptor's tissue as we speak.  It could be a simple enzyme or it could be a combination never seen in nature."

"So in other words you have no idea."  Trevor swore under his breath and turned his attention to a computer console.  "I might as well see if any new bounties popped up while I'm waiting.  I hate staying in one place for too long."

"There is one thing," the technician said as he flipped through a few digital readouts.  "Scarface appears to be having an unusual amount of REM readings."

"Rapid eye movement?  You mean he's dreaming?"

"Either that, or he’s suffering from an effect of the venom.  Either way, his immune system seems to have been kicked into overdrive.  The tests are still preliminary, but I've never seen anything like this in a naturally born creature before.  You've found quite the prize."

Trevor moved his attention from the computer to the viewing glass.  He could see slight movement under the raptor's eyelids and then noticed the slight flexing and relaxing of the fingers and toes of the beast.  He had heard that in times of induced stress one comes face to face with their inner demons as a type of manifestation of the ailment.  If this were true, he could only imagine what Scarface's demons were like.

"I'm going out for a bit," Trevor told Korey.  "I want updates as soon as his condition changes, either better or worse."

"Sir, we couldn't possibly-"

The technician was caught mid sentence as Trevor lashed out and began digging pressure into the scientist's neck with his thumb.  "Now you listen to me," he scowled.  "Part of my special training in the Khepri Military was interrogation techniques, namely torture.  You will contact me.  Otherwise, all of your limbs will be numb before you hit the floor.  Do you understand?"

Korey, unable to speak, managed a slow nod.  With that, Trevor released the man, who fell gasping to the ground.

"I have ways of getting whatever information I need.  You're just lucky Scarface is unconscious right now.  I haven't taken him out on a bounty hunt yet, and I am certain he will not be as kind.  If you’ve seen what he’s capable of, as I have, you’ll be wise not to deny me."

Korey only watched as Trevor exited the room.  He quickly grabbed his research and turned his attention to the workers behind the glass.  "I want to know the moment that creature's condition changes," he said.  "No excuses."

The doctors nodded and returned to working on the raptor.  The technician glanced through the information he had, comparing it to notes from genetic experiments he examined in the past.

"I don't know what happened to you or where you came from," the technician muttered.  "But I have never seen a creature like you before."
****
The next battle was well under way as Trevor took his seat to watch.  A two-headed creature that looked like it had been modified from a raptor species like Scarface was dodging attacks from something that had the appearance of a gorilla crossed with a lizard.

Cheers erupted as the gorilla creature lifted its opponent high off the ground before throwing it across the arena.  Trevor watched quietly, not caring which one won the match.

"Impressive creature you have there," someone said from behind Trevor.  "Not often we get something that wasn't bred in a lab."

Trevor turned to see a man sitting behind him wearing a brown leather duster, a wide hat partially obscuring his face.  "So did you win or lose the betting on my dinosaur?" Trevor asked.

The man laughed.  "What kind of a fool do you take me for?  Placing bets on the first round with unknown contenders?  That's how a lot of these idiots lose their fortunes.  I analyze each opponent for the first couple of rounds, taking it all in.  Then I can gauge which has the best chance based on body type, attack, defense, and tactics."

"So how many bets have paid off?"

The man looked from under his hat, revealing blue eyes and three parallel scars running across the right side of his face.  "If there's one thing I've learned in my experience, it's never to let anyone know how much you're worth.  My winnings are my business."

An eruption of cheers signaled that the fight was over.  Trevor gazed into the pit to find the gorilla lizard beating its chest and howling in triumph over its two-headed competitor.  Groups of people either sat down in defeat or went to the tables to collect their winnings.  A moment later, the noise died down into quiet conversations as the workers began the process of readying the arena once again.

"Well, you certainly know your way around, stranger," said Trevor.  "What do you go by in case I need some advice?"

The man tipped his hat.  "You can call me Simon.  And if there's anything for us in the future, I'll contact you."

"Simon, then."

"You know, I bring up your raptor for a reason.  You see, I had my own encounter with one a few years ago."
****
"Incredible," Korey said as he looked through the microscope.  "Absolutely incredible."

On the slide below the lens, a sample of Scarface's blood glowed red from the light underneath.  The technician pulled away and rubbed his eyes, the intense staring beginning to take its toll on his vision.  Deciding to take a break, he pressed a button that lit up a monitor on the far side of the wall.  While he preferred witnessing events in the microverse with his own eyes, digital projections offered an acceptable alternative.

The monitor showed several red blood cells, along with a high number of white cells and invading proteins of the serpent venom.  While the venom itself was awe inspiring, the raptor's reaction to it was even more so.

Pulling out a recording device, Korey pressed a button and began speaking.  "Further analysis of the subject known as Scarface has proven to be quite beneficial.  The initial reaction of the venom overwhelmed the subject's system and caused a near fatal encounter.  The venom itself seems to be evolving; changing itself as the body begins to produce antibodies.  But Scarface's immune system appears to be evolving just as rapidly, if not more so."

The technician faced the monitor and the venom soon began overtaking the blood cells, turning the sample black.  "What is more interesting is that soon after a blood sample is taken, the venom overwhelms the cells and destroys them.  Yet the victim itself seems to be recovering.  I have reason to believe the creature's will to live may be a contributing factor, and once a sample of flesh is taken from the host it is cut off from said factor.  Never before have I seen an animal such as this.  With the evolving antibodies, if successfully harvested, I could revolutionize the medical field."

Looking in at the sleeping raptor the technician noticed the vital signs had begun to stabilize, further causing him to believe his hypothesis on the creature's will.  "I will have to devise something soon in order to gain access to the antibodies.  At this rate the creature will soon recover and the evolving antibodies will be lost."

Switching off the recorder, Korey made his way toward the glass.  On the opposite side, he could see the steady breathing and telltale signs of rapid eye movement.  The technician leaned in closer and rubbed his chin as he thought aloud.

"What is it about you that makes you fight so hard to survive?  If you could only tell about who you are and what dreams you have..."
Chapter 18

Scarface's eyes twitched rapidly in his venom-induced coma.  His mind tried to move his body but failed, only managing to send repeating images of the raptor's most trying times in his life.  The Black Dragon training facility.  Before that, the Khepri military.  The times he was beaten down and stricken, leaving bruises on his body.

Even further back, the venom worked to send his fears and frustrations to the surface.  The burned raptor that rejected him, giving the young raptor the scars along the left side of his face, and all the pain after that.  Then the humans.  The humans who took his family from him.  His brothers and sisters were gone because of them.  His parents were dead because of them.  All his pain was because of them!

Scarface awoke with a jolt, writhing and screaming.  His restraints did nothing to withhold the full fury of the raptor.  Those binds that did not give way were torn from the table, leaving leather straps bound to the raptor's arms and legs.  This caused the memory of the binds the Black Dragon had used to restrain him to surface, giving even more fuel to his fury.

Doctors rushed in with sedatives and anesthetics, but upon seeing them Scarface unleashed moves and techniques that had long become second nature to him.  The drugs that did manage to be injected were overpowered by the surges of adrenaline in the raptor's system, and all who raised a hand against him were stricken down.

Induced into a blind fury, Scarface attacked and dismembered everything in his sight.  Living entities and inanimate objects alike were treated with equal rage.  Once everything in the room was destroyed, Scarface searched frantically for another target.  He was nowhere near finished.  His rage had been suppressed for far too long.  Now it was erupting in full force.

On the opposite side of the glass wall, Korey Hook stared in a mixture of wonder and horror.  Never could he have imagined anything to be so powerful.  He found the creature's movements awe inspiring, even to the point where it stared at the glass, then beyond it, as if the fire in Scarface's eyes were enough to melt the barrier between them.

Scarface shrieked, charging the glass and landing with the full weight of an enraged beast.  The window shattered, sending sprays of glass in all directions.  Before Korey could react consciously, he found himself on his back.  His left arm was in the raptor's maw.  Dismembered, being severed just above the elbow.

Korey could not feel the pain as he reached over to where his arm was once attached, a cold sweat pouring over his body.  He could not move, his nerves frozen and eyes locked on the bloodthirsty gaze of the godlike creature before him.

Scarface was about to go in for the kill when the doorway opened.  A technician entered, at first unaware of the carnage around him.  Upon seeing the scene laid out in the lab, realization came too slowly as Scarface plowed through.  The impact to the man's chest was enough to kill him instantly.

Korey forced his way to his feet, ignoring the pain that crept from where his arm once was.  He could not help but smile as he listened to the screams down the hall, madness creeping into him as he thought of what his future now held.

This was his purpose now.  The raptor had shown him how powerful nature itself could be.  Before he worked here, the technician had been developing prosthetic limbs.  His arm could easily be replaced.  Then he would go to the home world of this creature.  His smile spread wider as he thought of how he could improve on such a divine beast.
****
Trevor was unable to sleep.  He spent hours turning in bed before opting to take a stroll in the hallways.  The majority of the guests had retired, their rooms darkened.  It took some time, but eventually Trevor found himself in the main sitting area.  He was about to sit down when he noticed a dark figure down the hall.

Feeling uneasy, the bounty hunter stood to leave but found the other exit blocked by a second figure dressed in the same black style.  He did not have to think hard to know who these men were.  He also knew there would be more.  The Black Dragon had found him.

"I must say you were quite easy to find," said a man dressed in a fine black suit and matching silk shirt.  "News of a scarred raptor travels fast, especially with the correct connections.  I would have expected you to take more care.  Did you not stop to think we would come after you, especially after what you and your pet did to our organization?"

The black clad men began approaching, cutting off Trevor's escape routes.  They had no visible weapons, but Trevor knew that these men were trained to kill in a thousand different ways without using any tools aside from their hands.  He also knew that he was meant to suffer.  Otherwise, he would have been dead by now.

"Resistance is futile," said the man.  "But you are welcome to try anyway.  We are in no hurry."

The first man approached and quickly began throwing punches at Trevor.  With the speed at which the techniques were being presented, it was clear the weights the Black Dragon generally wore had been removed.

Able to only dodge a few of the strikes, Trevor found himself quickly succumbing to the accuracy of his attacker, targeting his pressure points in a manner in which to cause pain.  The attacker came in fast once again, but the first strike missed and gave Trevor the opportunity for a punch of his own.

More by luck than skill, his fist contacted and Trevor felt the man's jaw break under his knuckles.  The victory was short lived as the second man took up the fight.  This attacker was more fanciful in his strikes, using kicks and spinning techniques intended to intimidate before the actual fight began.

With adrenaline now surging through his system, Trevor was able to more accurately gauge the speed of his attacker and managed to block many of the elaborate blows.  So focused was he on the current attacker that Trevor had forgotten about the other man until he felt a sharp jab on his back.  Immediately buckling, it took all of his collected will to roll out of the way as a foot came down intending to crush his head.

The attacker's foot landed, but not before Trevor was able to grab hold.  Holding as hard as he could, Trevor pulled and twisted as far as he was able.  The attacker cried out as his foot was broken and he fell to the ground.  Giving a war cry, the second attacker began another fanciful assault.  However, the motions were perfectly timed, and Trevor used a well-placed blow to shatter the man's nose.

Turning to face his final opponent, Trevor saw the man applauding slowly.  "Well done, bounty hunter.  But to tell you the truth, these two were only in their second year of training.  I will not go down so easily."

The man removed his suit coat and shirt, revealing a large dragon tattoo on his chest.  It was something only the greatest warriors were able to have, and to wield the mark without having passed the qualifying tests was a certain death sentence in the clan.

No sooner than the man stepped back into a fighting stance, a horrific shriek filled the room.  A flash of green and red appeared and suddenly the man found himself pinned to the ground.  Scarface stood atop the man, staring down at him with demonic yellow eyes with only a slit for the iris.  Claws dug deep into the man's chest as the raptor's face contorted.

With a terrible cry, Scarface tore open the man's chest and lunged forward with his jaws, latching on to his victim's heart and pulling it free.  Searching for another opponent, the raptor's eyes fell upon Trevor.

Before he could react, the raptor had Trevor on the ground.  Trevor knew struggling would be to no avail.  Scarface leaned close, hissing only inches from the bounty hunter's nose.

"Scarface, listen to me," Trevor pleaded.  "I'm the one who got you here.  I'm the one who made you who you are.  And I'm the only one that can get you out of here.  Please, listen to me."

The raptor's jaws closed slowly as realization crept back into Scarface's eyes.  He stared at Trevor and uttered a guttural growl before slowly, almost grudgingly, removing his foot from Trevor's chest.

Cautiously, Trevor rose.  It would only be a matter of time before this event was discovered.  Motioning to the door, Trevor ran and opened the portal.  "You draw too much attention wherever we go," he said.  "We can't stay in one place for very long."

Trevor led the way, Scarface following closely.  As they moved, no one saw them.  They returned to the docking bay where their ship was and Scarface protested but boarded the craft.  After checking the systems, Trevor found they had enough fuel for at least a dozen hyperspace jumps, as well as enough credits for them to live comfortably for a month.

Pressing a few more buttons, Trevor downloaded all the current information for people with prices on their heads.  "It's time we get to work.  I have been having trouble with bounties lately, but with you, it should be a lot easier.  With the ones wanted dead, you can have your way and channel whatever rage you are holding inside of you.  Soon word will spread of the bounty hunter who uses a scarred raptor.  We will go to fights and you will win.  You and I will make an excellent team, Scarface."
Epilogue

Six years later

Scarface lay basking under the Damara sun as Trevor lifted weights.  Being on a world with higher gravity, the ten-pound weights felt as though they were fifteen pounds each.  Moreover, as his muscles became accustomed to the new weight, it became easier to move on worlds with regular gravity.  He now understood the training of the Black Dragon.  He was just lucky they had not chosen to move to this world.

A small, six-legged lizard exited the shade of a rock and moved warily to a place where it could bask.  Scarface pretended not to notice until he could sense the creature's presence within striking distance.  The strike was successful, the taste of the high iron content of the creature's blood tasting sweet on the raptor's tongue.

For a full decade, Scarface had been away from his home world.  Now fully grown, his size was still smaller than others of his species, but that did not matter.  He had fought and become strong and though it was not apparent, the thought of returning was always present on Scarface's mind.  He grew weary of hunting the humans as he did with Trevor, taking them alive whenever possible.  That, and Trevor did most of the work.  It was true Scarface let loose his frustrations when he was allowed, but there was so much more he wanted to do.

Ever since the fight against the serpent and the visions the venom had shown him, Scarface could not forget what happened that first sent him on this journey.  He wanted to find the ones responsible for destroying his childhood, but patience was a long lesson he was learning.  Trevor had his purpose, but the raptor always had a silent loathing for the man.

An electronic buzzing sounded from a small device next to Trevor, who picked it up and pressed a button.  Scarface stretched and yawned before making his way to the human's side.  He knew what was coming.

"Someone's contacted us for a bounty," said Trevor.  The duo walked together toward a modest housing unit.  Built to his own specifications, Trevor had long since decided to have this world be their base of operations.  Inside, he made his way to the computer console and pressed a button.

Using advanced scrambling technology to keep his hidden location a secret was expensive work, but with the number of bounties he collected alongside fights where he entered Scarface, he could more than afford the fees.  Bounty hunters of his caliber had many fans, and even more enemies.  Rivals would want him taken out, if not eliminated completely.

Bringing up a message on the display screen, Trevor found an official looking document.  He quickly read where the document had originated, as well as the client.

"Governor Kent Chang," Trevor read.  "Eastern Territory of DW435-B.  Huh.  Calling from Dinoworld."  Skimming through the document, Trevor's eyes grew wide at the name of the intended target.  Clyde Simmons.  The man who he had served with in the Khepri Military.  The man who killed his entire unit, save for Trevor himself.  "They have got to be kidding!  Clyde is probably the last person I want to go after."

He was about to deny the offer until he saw the proposed payment.  At the sight of the numbers, Trevor's jaw dropped.  One million credits in advance and two million more once Clyde had either been captured or killed.  It was stated that the latter was preferred.  He had never seen a bounty so high, at least not for one he had been asked to pursue.  What was more, this request was made to him specifically.

Weighing his options, Trevor turned to Scarface.  "What do you say, buddy?  Want to take this guy out?"

Scarface looked at the image on screen and growled, his fingers flexing.

"It's decided, then.  We're heading back to Dinoworld."

Notes from the author

I hope you have enjoyed this story.  For some time, I have wanted to have a story explaining what happened to Scarface and why no one on Dinoworld had heard of him before the events in "Dawn of Scars."  I hope I have sufficiently explained, as well as entertained you.

There are still six years of unwritten adventures and I may, in the future, write a few of these.  If not, I am not against your own ideas.  I created this world, which is now a universe thanks to three new named worlds as well as Greenhouse Delta, to be explored and give people a playground in which to write and share.

Please tell me what your thoughts were on this, and what you would like to see in future installments.  Be sure to check out my other stories if you enjoyed this one, and check out the Facebook page and forums for the most recent updates.

K. Thomas Olsen

http://www.facebook.com/keitholsendinoworld

http://freeforums.dinoworld.net


Also available –

Dinoworld: Dawn of Scars
Dinoworld: Explorers
