POLICE POWER
G.R. No. L-59234 September 30, 1982
TAXICAB OPERATORS OF METRO MANILA, INC., FELICISIMO CABIGAO and ACE TRANSPORTATION CORPORATION, petitioners, 
vs.
THE BOARD OF TRANSPORTATION and THE DIRECTOR OF THE BUREAU OF LAND TRANSPORTATION, respondents. 
 
MELENCIO-HERRERA, J.:
This Petition for "Certiorari, Prohibition and mandamus with Preliminary Injunction and Temporary Restraining Order" filed by the Taxicab Operators of Metro Manila, Inc., Felicisimo Cabigao and Ace Transportation, seeks to declare the nullity of Memorandum Circular No. 77-42, dated October 10, 1977, of the Board of Transportation, and Memorandum Circular No. 52, dated August 15, 1980, of the Bureau of Land Transportation. 
Petitioner Taxicab Operators of Metro Manila, Inc. (TOMMI) is a domestic corporation composed of taxicab operators, who are grantees of Certificates of Public Convenience to operate taxicabs within the City of Manila and to any other place in Luzon accessible to vehicular traffic. Petitioners Ace Transportation Corporation and Felicisimo Cabigao are two of the members of TOMMI, each being an operator and grantee of such certificate of public convenience. 
On October 10, 1977, respondent Board of Transportation (BOT) issued Memorandum Circular No. 77-42 which reads: 
SUBJECT: Phasing out and Replacement of
Old and Dilapidated Taxis 
WHEREAS, it is the policy of the government to insure that only safe and comfortable units are used as public conveyances; 
WHEREAS, the riding public, particularly in Metro-Manila, has, time and again, complained against, and condemned, the continued operation of old and dilapidated taxis; 
WHEREAS, in order that the commuting public may be assured of comfort, convenience, and safety, a program of phasing out of old and dilapidated taxis should be adopted; 
WHEREAS, after studies and inquiries made by the Board of Transportation, the latter believes that in six years of operation, a taxi operator has not only covered the cost of his taxis, but has made reasonable profit for his investments; 
NOW, THEREFORE, pursuant to this policy, the Board hereby declares that no car beyond six years shall be operated as taxi, and in implementation of the same hereby promulgates the following rules and regulations: 
1. As of December 31, 1977, all taxis of Model 1971 and earlier are ordered withdrawn from public service and thereafter may no longer be registered and operated as taxis. In the registration of cards for 1978, only taxis of Model 1972 and later shall be accepted for registration and allowed for operation; 
2. As of December 31, 1978, all taxis of Model 1972 are ordered withdrawn from public service and thereafter may no longer be registered and operated as taxis. In the registration of cars for 1979, only taxis of Model 1973 and later shall be accepted for registration and allowed for operation; and every year thereafter, there shall be a six-year lifetime of taxi, to wit: 
1980 — Model 1974 
1981 — Model 1975, etc. 
All taxis of earlier models than those provided above are hereby ordered withdrawn from public service as of the last day of registration of each particular year and their respective plates shall be surrendered directly to the Board of Transportation for subsequent turnover to the Land Transportation Commission. 
For an orderly implementation of this Memorandum Circular, the rules herein shall immediately be effective in Metro-Manila. Its implementation outside Metro- Manila shall be carried out only after the project has been implemented in Metro-Manila and only after the date has been determined by the Board. 1 
Pursuant to the above BOT circular, respondent Director of the Bureau of Land Transportation (BLT) issued Implementing Circular No. 52, dated August 15, 1980, instructing the Regional Director, the MV Registrars and other personnel of BLT, all within the National Capitol Region, to implement said Circular, and formulating a schedule of phase-out of vehicles to be allowed and accepted for registration as public conveyances. To quote said Circular: 
Pursuant to BOT Memo-Circular No. 77-42, taxi units with year models over six (6) years old are now banned from operating as public utilities in Metro Manila. As such the units involved should be considered as automatically dropped as public utilities and, therefore, do not require any further dropping order from the BOT. 
Henceforth, taxi units within the National Capitol Region having year models over 6 years old shall be refused registration. The following schedule of phase-out is herewith prescribed for the guidance of all concerned: 
Year Model
Automatic Phase-Out Year
 
1980 
1974
1981 
1975
1982 
1976
1983
1977
 
etc.
etc.
Strict compliance here is desired. 2
In accordance therewith, cabs of model 1971 were phase-out in registration year 1978; those of model 1972, in 1979; those of model 1973, in 1980; and those of model 1974, in 1981. 
On January 27, 1981, petitioners filed a Petition with the BOT, docketed as Case No. 80-7553, seeking to nullify MC No. 77-42 or to stop its implementation; to allow the registration and operation in 1981 and subsequent years of taxicabs of model 1974, as well as those of earlier models which were phased-out, provided that, at the time of registration, they are roadworthy and fit for operation. 
On February 16, 1981, petitioners filed before the BOT a "Manifestation and Urgent Motion", praying for an early hearing of their petition. The case was heard on February 20, 1981. Petitioners presented testimonial and documentary evidence, offered the same, and manifested that they would submit additional documentary proofs. Said proofs were submitted on March 27, 1981 attached to petitioners' pleading entitled, "Manifestation, Presentation of Additional Evidence and Submission of the Case for Resolution." 3 
On November 28, 1981, petitioners filed before the same Board a "Manifestation and Urgent Motion to Resolve or Decide Main Petition" praying that the case be resolved or decided not later than December 10, 1981 to enable them, in case of denial, to avail of whatever remedy they may have under the law for the protection of their interests before their 1975 model cabs are phased-out on January 1, 1982. 
Petitioners, through its President, allegedly made personal follow-ups of the case, but was later informed that the records of the case could not be located. 
On December 29, 1981, the present Petition was instituted wherein the following queries were posed for consideration by this Court: 
A. Did BOT and BLT promulgate the questioned memorandum circulars in accord with the manner required by Presidential Decree No. 101, thereby safeguarding the petitioners' constitutional right to procedural due process? 
B. Granting, arguendo, that respondents did comply with the procedural requirements imposed by Presidential Decree No. 101, would the implementation and enforcement of the assailed memorandum circulars violate the petitioners' constitutional rights to. 
(1) Equal protection of the law; 
(2) Substantive due process; and 
(3) Protection against arbitrary and unreasonable classification and standard? 
On Procedural and Substantive Due Process: 
Presidential Decree No. 101 grants to the Board of Transportation the power 
4. To fix just and reasonable standards, classification, regulations, practices, measurements, or service to be furnished, imposed, observed, and followed by operators of public utility motor vehicles. 
Section 2 of said Decree provides procedural guidelines for said agency to follow in the exercise of its powers: 
Sec. 2. Exercise of powers. — In the exercise of the powers granted in the preceding section, the Board shag proceed promptly along the method of legislative inquiry. 
Apart from its own investigation and studies, the Board, in its discretion, may require the cooperation and assistance of the Bureau of Transportation, the Philippine Constabulary, particularly the Highway Patrol Group, the support agencies within the Department of Public Works, Transportation and Communications, or any other government office or agency that may be able to furnish useful information or data in the formulation of the Board of any policy, plan or program in the implementation of this Decree. 
The Board may also can conferences, require the submission of position papers or other documents, information, or data by operators or other persons that may be affected by the implementation of this Decree, or employ any other suitable means of inquiry. 
In support of their submission that they were denied procedural due process, petitioners contend that they were not caged upon to submit their position papers, nor were they ever summoned to attend any conference prior to the issuance of the questioned BOT Circular. 
It is clear from the provision aforequoted, however, that the leeway accorded the Board gives it a wide range of choice in gathering necessary information or data in the formulation of any policy, plan or program. It is not mandatory that it should first call a conference or require the submission of position papers or other documents from operators or persons who may be affected, this being only one of the options open to the Board, which is given wide discretionary authority. Petitioners cannot justifiably claim, therefore, that they were deprived of procedural due process. Neither can they state with certainty that public respondents had not availed of other sources of inquiry prior to issuing the challenged Circulars. operators of public conveyances are not the only primary sources of the data and information that may be desired by the BOT. 
Dispensing with a public hearing prior to the issuance of the Circulars is neither violative of procedural due process. As held in Central Bank vs. Hon. Cloribel and Banco Filipino, 44 SCRA 307 (1972): 
Pevious notice and hearing as elements of due process, are constitutionally required for the protection of life or vested property rights, as well as of liberty, when its limitation or loss takes place in consequence of a judicial or quasi-judicial proceeding, generally dependent upon a past act or event which has to be established or ascertained. It is not essential to the validity of general rules or regulations promulgated to govern future conduct of a class or persons or enterprises, unless the law provides otherwise. (Emphasis supplied) 
Petitioners further take the position that fixing the ceiling at six (6) years is arbitrary and oppressive because the roadworthiness of taxicabs depends upon their kind of maintenance and the use to which they are subjected, and, therefore, their actual physical condition should be taken into consideration at the time of registration. As public contend, however, it is impractical to subject every taxicab to constant and recurring evaluation, not to speak of the fact that it can open the door to the adoption of multiple standards, possible collusion, and even graft and corruption. A reasonable standard must be adopted to apply to an vehicles affected uniformly, fairly, and justly. The span of six years supplies that reasonable standard. The product of experience shows that by that time taxis have fully depreciated, their cost recovered, and a fair return on investment obtained. They are also generally dilapidated and no longer fit for safe and comfortable service to the public specially considering that they are in continuous operation practically 24 hours everyday in three shifts of eight hours per shift. With that standard of reasonableness and absence of arbitrariness, the requirement of due process has been met. 
On Equal Protection of the Law: 
Petitioners alleged that the Circular in question violates their right to equal protection of the law because the same is being enforced in Metro Manila only and is directed solely towards the taxi industry. At the outset it should be pointed out that implementation outside Metro Manila is also envisioned in Memorandum Circular No. 77-42. To repeat the pertinent portion: 
For an orderly implementation of this Memorandum Circular, the rules herein shall immediately be effective in Metro Manila. Its implementation outside Metro Manila shall be carried out only after the project has been implemented in Metro Manila and only after the date has been determined by the Board. 4 
In fact, it is the understanding of the Court that implementation of the Circulars in Cebu City is already being effected, with the BOT in the process of conducting studies regarding the operation of taxicabs in other cities. 
The Board's reason for enforcing the Circular initially in Metro Manila is that taxicabs in this city, compared to those of other places, are subjected to heavier traffic pressure and more constant use. This is of common knowledge. Considering that traffic conditions are not the same in every city, a substantial distinction exists so that infringement of the equal protection clause can hardly be successfully claimed. 
As enunciated in the preambular clauses of the challenged BOT Circular, the overriding consideration is the safety and comfort of the riding public from the dangers posed by old and dilapidated taxis. The State, in the exercise, of its police power, can prescribe regulations to promote the health, morals, peace, good order, safety and general welfare of the people. It can prohibit all things hurtful to comfort, safety and welfare of society. 5 It may also regulate property rights. 6 In the language of Chief Justice Enrique M. Fernando "the necessities imposed by public welfare may justify the exercise of governmental authority to regulate even if thereby certain groups may plausibly assert that their interests are disregarded". 7 
In so far as the non-application of the assailed Circulars to other transportation services is concerned, it need only be recalled that the equal protection clause does not imply that the same treatment be accorded all and sundry. It applies to things or persons Identically or similarly situated. It permits of classification of the object or subject of the law provided classification is reasonable or based on substantial distinction, which make for real differences, and that it must apply equally to each member of the class. 8 What is required under the equal protection clause is the uniform operation by legal means so that all persons under Identical or similar circumstance would be accorded the same treatment both in privilege conferred and the liabilities imposed. 9 The challenged Circulars satisfy the foregoing criteria. 
Evident then is the conclusion that the questioned Circulars do not suffer from any constitutional infirmity. To declare a law unconstitutional, the infringement of constitutional right must be clear, categorical and undeniable. 10 
WHEREFORE, the Writs prayed for are denied and this Petition is hereby dismissed. No costs. 
SO ORDERED. 
Fernando, CJ., Barredo, Makasiar, Concepcion, Jr., Guerrero, Abad Santos, De Castro, Plana, Escolin, Vasquez, Relova and Gutierrez, Jr., JJ., concur. 
Teehankee and Aquino, JJ., concur in the result. 

G.R. No. L-24153 February 14, 1983
TOMAS VELASCO, LOURDES RAMIREZ, SY PIN, EDMUNDO UNSON, APOLONIA RAMIREZ and LOURDES LOMIBAO, as component members of the STA. CRUZ BARBERSHOP ASSOCIATION, in their own behalf and in representation of the other owners of barbershops in the City of Manila, petitioners-appellants, 
vs.
HON. ANTONIO J. VILLEGAS, City Mayor of Manila, HON. HERMINIO A. ASTORGA, Vice-Mayor and Presiding Officer of the Municipal Board in relation to Republic Act 4065, THE MUNICIPAL BOARD OF THE CITY OF MANILA and EDUARDO QUINTOS SR., Chief of Police of the City of Manila, respondents-appellees. 
Leonardo L. Arguelles for respondent-appellant. 
 
FERNANDO, C.J.:
This is an appeal from an order of the lower court dismissing a suit for declaratory relief challenging the constitutionality based on Ordinance No. 4964 of the City of Manila, the contention being that it amounts to a deprivation of property of petitioners-appellants of their means of livelihood without due process of law. The assailed ordinance is worded thus: "It shall be prohibited for any operator of any barber shop to conduct the business of massaging customers or other persons in any adjacent room or rooms of said barber shop, or in any room or rooms within the same building where the barber shop is located as long as the operator of the barber shop and the room where massaging is conducted is the same person." 1 As noted in the appealed order, petitioners-appellants admitted that criminal cases for the violation of this ordinance had been previously filed and decided. The lower court, therefore, held that a petition for declaratory relief did not lie, its availability being dependent on there being as yet no case involving such issue having been filed. 2 
Even if such were not the case, the attack against the validity cannot succeed. As pointed out in the brief of respondents-appellees, it is a police power measure. The objectives behind its enactment are: "(1) To be able to impose payment of the license fee for engaging in the business of massage clinic under Ordinance No. 3659 as amended by Ordinance 4767, an entirely different measure than the ordinance regulating the business of barbershops and, (2) in order to forestall possible immorality which might grow out of the construction of separate rooms for massage of customers." 3 This Court has been most liberal in sustaining ordinances based on the general welfare clause. As far back as U.S. v. Salaveria, 4 a 1918 decision, this Court through Justice Malcolm made clear the significance and scope of such a clause, which "delegates in statutory form the police power to a municipality. As above stated, this clause has been given wide application by municipal authorities and has in its relation to the particular circumstances of the case been liberally construed by the courts. Such, it is well to really is the progressive view of Philippine jurisprudence." 5 As it was then, so it has continued to be. 6 There is no showing, therefore, of the unconstitutionality of such ordinance. 
WHEREFORE, the appealed order of the lower court is affirmed. No costs. 
Makasiar, Concepcion, Jr., Guerrero, Abad Santos, De Castro, Melencio- Herrera, Plana, Escolin, Vasquez, Relova and Gutierrez, Jr., JJ., concur. 
Teehankee, J., reserves his vote.
Aquino J., took no part. 

G.R. No. 71169 December 22, 1988
JOSE D. SANGALANG and LUTGARDA D. SANGALANG, petitioners, FELIX C. GASTON and DOLORES R. GASTON, JOSE V. BRIONES and ALICIA R. BRIONES, and BEL-AIR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC., intervenors-petitioners, 
vs.
INTERMEDIATE APPELLATE COURT, and AYALA CORPORATION, respondents. 
G.R. No. 74376 December 22, 1988
BEL-AIR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC., petitioner, 
vs.
THE INTERMEDIATE APPELLATE COURT, ROSARIO DE JESUS TENORIO, and CECILIA GONZALVEZ, respondents. 
G.R. No. 76394 December 22,1988
BEL-AIR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC., petitioner, 
vs.
THE COURT OF APPEALS, and EDUARDO and BUENA ROMUALDEZ respondents. 
G.R. No. 78182 December 22, 1988 
BEL-AIR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC., petitioner, 
vs.
COURT OF APPEALS, DOLORES FILLEY, and J. ROMERO & ASSOCIATES, respondents. 
G.R. No. 82281 December 22, 1988
BEL-AIR VILLAGE ASSOCIATION, INC, petitioner, 
vs.
COURT OF APPEALS, VIOLETA MONCAL, and MAJAL DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION, respondents. 
Sangco, Anastacio, Castaneda & Duran Law Office for petitioners & private intervenors- petitioners. 
Raul S. Sison Law Offices for intervenor-petitioner Bel-Air Village Association, Inc. Renato L. Dela Fuente for respondent Ayala Corporation. 
G.R. No. L-74376: 
Raul S. Sison Law Offices for petitioner. 
Sergio L. Guadiz for private respondents. 
G.R. No. L-76394: 
Raul S. Sison Law Offices for petitioner. 
Gruba, Tanlimco Lamso and Apuhin Law Offices for respondents. 
G.R. No. L-78182: 
Funk & Associates for petitioners. 
Tee Tomas & Associates for respondents. 
G.R. No. L-82281: 
Funk & Associates for petitioner. 
Castillo, Laman, Tan & Associates for private respondents. 
 
SARMIENTO, J.:
Before the Court are five consolidated petitions, 1 docketed as G.R. Nos. 71169, 74376, 76394, 78182, and 82281 hereof, in the nature of appeals (by certiorari under Rule 45 of the Rules of Court) from five decisions of the Court of Appeals, denying specific performance and damages. 
The proceedings were commenced at the first instance by Jose Sangalang, joined by his wife Lutgarda Sangalang, both residents of No. 110 Jupiter Street, Makati, Metro Manila (G.R. No. 71169) to enforce by specific performance restrictive easement upon property, specifically the Bel- Air Village subdivision in Makati, Metro Manila, pursuant to stipulations embodied in the deeds of sale covering the subdivision, and for damages. Later, the Sangalangs were joined by Felix Gaston, a resident of No. 64 Jupiter Street of the same municipality, and by Mr. and Mrs. Jose and Alicia Briones, both of No. 66 Jupiter Street. Pending further proceedings, the Bel-Air Village Association, Inc. (BAVA), an incorporated homeowners' association, entered its appearance as plaintiff-in-intervention. 
BAVA itself had brought its own complaints, four in number, likewise for specific performance and damages to enforce the same 'deed restrictions.' (See G.R. Nos. 74376, 76394, 78182, and 82281.) 
ANTECEDENTS FACTS 
I. G.R. No. 71169 
The facts are stated in the decision appealed from. We quote: 
x x x x x x x x x 
(1) Bel-Air Village is located north of Buendia Avenue extension (now Sen. Gil J. Puyat Ave.) across a stretch of commercial block from Reposo Street in the west up to Zodiac Street in the east, When Bel-Air Village was planned, this block between Reposo and Zodiac Streets adjoining Buendia Avenue in front of the village was designated as a commercial block. (Copuyoc TSN, p. 10, Feb. 12, 1982). 
(2) Bel-Air Village was owned and developed into a residential subdivision in the 1950s by Makati Development Corporation (hereinafter referred to as MDC), which in 1968 was merged with appellant Ayala Corporation. 
(3) Appellees-spouses Sangalang reside at No. 11O Jupiter Street between Makati Avenue and Reposo Street; appellees-spouses Gaston reside at No. 64 Jupiter Street between Makati Avenue and Zodiac Street; appellees-spouses Briones reside at No. 66 Jupiter Street also between Makati Avenue and Zodiac Street; while appellee Bel-Air Village Association, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as BAVA) is the homeowners' association in Bel-Air Village which takes care of the sanitation, security, traffic regulations and general welfare of the village. 
(4) The lots which were acquired by appellees Sangalang and spouse Gaston and spouse and Briones and spouse in 1960, 1957 and 1958, respectively, were all sold by MDC subject to certain conditions and easements contained in Deed Restrictions which formed a part of each deed of sale. The pertinent provisions in said Deed Restrictions, which are common to all lot owners in Bel-Air Village, are as follows: 
I-BEL-AIR ASSOCIATION 
The owner of this lot/s or his successors in interest is required to be and is automatically a member of the Bel-Air Association and must abide by such rules and regulations laid down by the Association in the interest of the sanitation, security and the general welfare of the community. 
The association will also provide for and collect assessments, which will constitute as a lien on the property junior only to liens of the government for taxes and to voluntary mortgages for sufficient consideration entered into in good faith. 
II-USE OF LOTS 
Subject to such amendments and additional restrictions, reservations, servitudes, etc., as the Bel- Air Association may from time to time adopt and prescribe, this lot is subject to the following restrictions: 
a. This lot/s shall not be subdivided. However, three or more lots may be consolidated and subdivided into a lesser number of lots provided that none of the resulting lots be smaller in area than the smallest lot before the consolidation and that the consolidation and subdivision plan be duly approved by the governing body of the Bel-Air Association. 
b. This lot/s shall only be used for residential purposes. 
c. Only one single family house may be constructed on a single lot, although separate servants' quarters or garage may be built. 
d. Commercial or advertising signs shall not be placed, constructed, or erected on this lot. Name plates and professional signs of homeowners are permitted so long as they do not exceed 80 x 40 centimeters in size. 
e. No cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, ducks, geese, roosters or rabbits shall be maintained in the lot, except that pets may be maintained but must be controlled in accordance with the rulings of the Association. The term "pets' includes chickens not in commercial quantities. 
f. The property is subject to an easement of two (2) meters within the lot and adjacent to the rear and sides thereof not fronting a street for the purpose of drainage, sewage, water and other public facilities as may be necessary and desirable; and the owner, lessee or his representative shall permit access thereto by authorized representatives of the Bel-Air Association or public utility entities for the purposes for which the easement is created. 
g. This lot shall not be used for any immoral or illegal trade or activity. 
h. The owner and/or lessee of this lot/s shall at all times keep the grass cut and trimmed to reduce the fire hazard of the property. 
xxx xxx xxx 
VI-TERM OF RESTRICTIONS 
The foregoing restrictions shall remain in force for fifty years from January 15, 1957, unless sooner cancelled in its entirety by two thirds vote of members in good standing of the Bel-Air Association. However, the Association may, from time to time, add new ones, amend or abolish particular restrictions or parts thereof by majority rule. 
VII--ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS 
The foregoing restrictions may be enjoined and/or enforced by court action by the Bel-Air Association, or by the Makati Development Corporation or its assigns, or by any registered owner of land within the boundaries of the Bel-Air Subdivision (Sub-division plan PSD-49226 and Lot 7-B, Psd-47848) or by any member in good standing of the Bel-Air association." (Exh. 1 -b; Exh. 22, Annex "B"). (Appellant's Brief, pp. 4- 6) 
(5) When MDC sold the above-mentioned lots to appellees' predecessors-in-interest, the whole stretch of the commercial block between Buendia Avenue and Jupiter Street, from Reposo Street in the west to Zodiac Street in the east, was still undeveloped. Access, therefore, to Bel-Air Village was opened to all kinds of people and even animals. So in 1966, although it was not part of the original plan, MDC constructed a fence or wall on the commercial block along Jupiter Street. In 1970, the fence or wall was partly destroyed by typhoon "Yoling." The destroyed portions were subsequently rebuilt by the appellant. (Copuyoc TSN, pp. 31-34, Feb. 12, 1982). When Jupiter Street was widened in 1972 by 3.5 meters, the fence or wall had to be destroyed. Upon request of BAVA, the wall was rebuilt inside the boundary of the commercial block. (Copuyoc TSN, pp. 4447, Feb. 12,1982). 
(6) When the appellant finally decided to subdivide and sell the lots in the commercial block between Buendia and Jupiter, BAVA wrote the appellant on May 9, 1972, requesting for confirmation on the use of the commercial lots. The appellant replied on May 16, 1972, informing BAVA of the restrictions intended to be imposed in the sale and use of the lots. Among these restrictions are: that the building shall have a set back of 19 meters; and that with respect to vehicular traffic along Buendia Avenue, entrance only will be allowed, and along Jupiter Street and side streets, both entrance and exit will be allowed. 
(7) On June 30, 1972, appellant informed BAVA that in a few months it shall subdivide and sell the commercial lots bordering the north side of Buendia Avenue Extension from Reposo Street up to Zodiac Street. Appellant also informed BAVA that it had taken all precautions and will impose upon the commercial lot owners deed restrictions which will harmonize and blend with the development and welfare of Bel-Air Village. Appellant further applied for special membership in BAVA of the commercial lot owners. A copy of the deed restrictions for the commercial lots was also enclosed. The proposed deed restrictions shall include the 19 meter set back of buildings from Jupiter Street, the requirement for parking space within the lot of one (1) parking slot for every seventy five (75) meters of office space in the building and the limitation of vehicular traffic along Buendia to entrance only, but allowing both vehicular entrance and vehicular exit through Jupiter Street and any side street. 
In its letter of July 10, 1972, BAVA acknowledged the above letter of appellant and informed the latter that the application for special membership of the commercial lot owners in BAVA would be submitted to BAVA's board of governors for decision. 
(8) On September 25, 1972, appellant notified BAVA that, after a careful study, it was finally decided that the height limitation of buildings on the commercial lots shall be increased from 12.5 meters to 15 meters. Appellant further informed BAVA that Jupiter Street shall be widened by 3.5 meters to improve traffic flow in said street. BAVA did not reply to said letter, but on January 22, 1973, BAVA wrote a letter to the appellant informing the latter that the Association had assessed the appellant, as special member of the association, the amount of P40,795.00 (based on 81,590 square meters at P.50 per square meter) representing the membership dues to the commercial lot owners for the year 1973, and requested the appellant to remit the amount which its board of governors had already included in its current budget. In reply, appellant on January 31, 1973 informed BAVA that due to the widening of Jupiter Street, the area of the lots which were accepted by the Association as members was reduced to 76,726 square meters. Thus, the corresponding dues at P.50 per square meter should be reduced to P38,363.00. This amount, therefore, was remitted by the appellant to BAVA. Since then, the latter has been collecting membership dues from the owners of the commercial lots as special members of the Association. As a matter of fact, the dues were increased several times. In 1980, the commercial lot owners were already being charged dues at the rate of P3.00 per square meter. (Domingo, TSN, p. 36, March 19, 1980). At this rate, the total membership dues of the commercial lot owners amount to P230,178. 00 annually based on the total area of 76,726 square meters of the commercial lots. 
(9) Meantime, on April 4, 1975, the municipal council of Makati enacted its ordinance No. 81, providing for the zonification of Makati (Exh. 18). Under this Ordinance, Bel-Air Village was classified as a Class A Residential Zone, with its boundary in the south extending to the center line of Jupiter Street (Exh. 18-A). 
Thus, Chapter III, Article 1, Section 3.03, par. F. of the Ordinance provides: 
F. Bel-Air Village area, as bounded on the N by Polaris and Mercedes streets and on the NE by Estrella Street; on the SE by Epifanio de los Santos Avenue and on the SW by the center line of Jupiter Street. Then bounded on the N by the abandoned MRR Pasig Line; on the E by Makati Avenue; on the S by the center line of Jupiter Street and on the W by the center line of Reposo Street." (Exh. 18-A) 
Similarly, the Buendia Avenue Extension area was classified as Administrative Office Zone with its boundary in the North-North East Extending also up to the center line of Jupiter Street (Exh. 18b). 
Thus, Chapter III, Article I, Section 3.05, par. C. of the Ordinance provides: 
C. The Buendia Avenue Extension areas, as bounded on the N-NE by the center line of Jupiter Street, on the SE by Epifanio de los Santos Avenue; on the SW by Buendia Avenue and on the NW by the center line of Reposo Street, then on the NE by Malugay Street; on the SE by Buendia Avenue and on the W by Ayala Avenue Extension." (Exh. 18-B) 
The Residential Zone and the Administrative Office Zone, therefore, have a common boundary along the center line of Jupiter Street. 
The above zoning under Ordinance No. 81 of Makati was later followed under the Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance for the National Capital Region adopted by the Metro Manila Commission as Ordinance 81 -01 on March 14, 1981 (Exh. 19). However, under this ordinance, Bel-Air Village is simply bounded in the South-Southeast by Jupiter Street-not anymore up to the center line of Jupiter Street (Exh. B). Likewise, the blockdeep strip along the northwest side of Buendia Avenue Extension from Reposo to EDSA was classified as a High Intensity Commercial Zone (Exh. 19-c). 
Thus, the Zoning District Boundaries -Makati, in Annex B of the Ordinance provides: 
R-I-Low Intensity Residential 
x x x x x x x x x 
4. Bel-Air 1, 3, 4 
Bounded on the North -- J.P. Rizal and Amapola St. 
South - Rockwell 
Northwest - P. Burgos 
Southeast - Jupiter 
Southwest - Epifanio de los Santos Ave. (EDSA) 
5. Bel-Air 2 
Bounded on the Northwest - J.P. Rizal 
Southwest - Makati Avenue 
South --- Jupiter 
Southeast -- Pasig Line 
East - South Avenue" (Exh. 19-b) 
x x x x x x x x x 
C-3-High Intensity Commercial Zone 
2. A block deep strip along the northwest side of Buendia Ave. Ext. from Reposo to EDSA." (Exh, 19-c) 
Under the above zoning classifications, Jupiter Street, therefore, is a common boundary of Bel-Air Village and the commercial zone. 
(10) Meanwhile, in 1972, BAVA had installed gates at strategic locations across Jupiter Street which were manned and operated by its own security guards who were employed to maintain, supervise and enforce traffic regulations in the roads and streets of the village. (Villavicencio, TSN, pp, 22-25, Oct. 30, 1980; BAVA Petition, par. 11, Exh. 17). 
Then, on January 17, 1977, the Office of the Mayor of Makati wrote BAVA directing that, in the interest of public welfare and for the purpose of easing traffic congestion, the following streets in Bel-Air Village should be opened for public use: 
Amapola Street - from Estrella Street to Mercedes Street 
Amapola Street -junction of Palma Street gate going to J. Villena Street 
Mercedes Street -- from EDSA to Imelda Avenue and Amapola junction 
Zodiac Street - from Mercedes Street to Buendia Avenue 
Jupiter Street -- from Zodiac Street to Reposo Street connecting Metropolitan Avenue to Pasong Tamo and V. Cruz Extension intersection 
Neptune Street - from Makati Avenue to Reposo Street Orbit Street - from F. Zobel-Candelaria intersection to Jupiter Street 
Paseo de Roxas - from Mercedes Street to Buendia Avenue (Exh. 17, Annex A, BAVA Petition) 
On February 10, 1977, BAVA wrote the Mayor of Makati, expressing the concern of the residents about the opening of the streets to the general public, and requesting specifically the indefinite postponement of the plan to open Jupiter Street to public vehicles. (Exh. 17, Annex B, BAVA Petition). 
However, BAVA voluntarily opened to the public Amapola, Mercedes, Zodiac, Neptune and Paseo de Roxas streets. (Exh. 17-A, Answer of Makati par. 3-7). 
Later, on June 17,1977, the Barangay Captain of Bel-Air Village was advised by the Office of the Mayor that, in accordance with the agreement entered into during the meeting on January 28, 1 977, the Municipal Engineer and the Station Commander of the Makati Police were ordered to open for public use Jupiter Street from Makati Avenue to Reposo Street. Accordingly, he was requested to advise the village residents of the necessity of the opening of the street in the interest of public welfare. (Exh. 17, Annex E, BAVA Petition). 
Then, on June 10, 1977, the Municipal Engineer of Makati in a letter addressed to BAVA advised the latter to open for vehicular and pedestrian traffic the entire portion of Jupiter Street from Makati Avenue to Reposo Street (Exh. 17, BAVA Petition, par. 14). 
Finally, on August 12, 1977, the municipal officials of Makati concerned allegedly opened, destroyed and removed the gates constructed/located at the corner of Reposo Street and Jupiter Street as well as the gates/fences located/constructed at Jupiter Street and Makati Avenue forcibly, and then opened the entire length of Jupiter Street to public traffic. (Exh. 17, BAVA Petition, pars. 16 and 17). 
(11) Before the gates were-removed, there was no parking problem or traffic problem in Jupiter Street, because Jupiter Street was not allowed to be used by the general public (Villavicencio, TSN, pp. 24-25, Oct. 30, 1980). However, with the opening of Zodiac Street from Estrella Street to Jupiter Street and also the opening to the public of the entire length of Jupiter Street, there was a tremendous increase in the volume of traffic passing along Jupiter Street coming from EDSA to Estrella Street, then to Zodiac Street to Jupiter Street, and along the entire length of Jupiter Street to its other end at Reposo Street. (Villavicencio, TSN, pp. 30-32, Oct. 30, 1980). 
In the meantime, the purchasers of the commercial lots between Jupiter Street and Buendia Avenue extension had started constructing their respective buildings in 1974-1975. They demolished the portions of the fence or wall standing within the boundary of their lots. Many of the owners constructed their own fences or walls in lieu of the wall and they employed their own security guards. (TSN, p. 83, Feb. 20,1981; TSN, pp. 53-54; 72-74, March 20,1981; TSN, pp. 54-55, July 23, 1981). 
(12) Then, on January 27, 1978, appellant donated the entire Jupiter Street from Metropolitan Avenue to Zodiac Street to BAVA (Exh. 7)- However, even before 1978, the Makati Police and the security force of BAVA were already the ones regulating the traffic along Jupiter Street after the gates were opened in 1977. Sancianco TSN, pp. 26-30, Oct. 2,1981). 
In October, 1979, the fence at the corner of Orbit and Neptune Streets was opened and removed (BAVA Petition, par. 22, Exh. 17). The opening of the whole stretch of Orbit Street from J.P. Rizal Avenue up to Imelda Avenue and later to Jupiter Street was agreed to at the conference attended by the President of BAVA in the office of the Station Commander of Makati, subject to certain conditions, to wit: 
That, maintenance of Orbit St. up to Jupiter St. shall be shouldered by the Municipality of Makati. 
That, street lights will be installed and maintenance of the same along Orbit St. from J.P. Rizal Ave. up to Jupiter St. shall be undertaken by the Municipality. 
That for the security of the residents of San Miguel Village and Bel-Air Village, as a result of the opening of Orbit Street, police outposts shall be constructed by the Municipality of Makati to be headed by personnel of Station No. 4, in close coordination with the Security Guards of San Miguel Village and Bel-Air Village." (CF. Exh. 3 to Counter-Affidavit, of Station Commander, Ruperto Acle p. 253, records)" (Order, Civil Case No. 34948, Exh. 17-c). 
(13) Thus, with the opening of the entire length of Jupiter Street to public traffic, the different residential lots located in the northern side of Jupiter Street ceased to be used for purely residential purposes. They became, for all purposes, commercial in character. 
(14) Subsequently, on October 29, 1979, the plaintiffs-appellees Jose D. Sangalang and Lutgarda D. Sangalang brought the present action for damages against the defendant-appellant Ayala Corporation predicated on both breach of contract and on tort or quasi-delict A supplemental complaint was later filed by said appellees seeking to augment the reliefs prayed for in the original complaint because of alleged supervening events which occurred during the trial of the case. Claiming to be similarly situated as the plaintiffs-appellees, the spouses Felix C. Gaston and Dolores R. Gaston, Jose V. Briones and Alicia R. Briones, and the homeowners' association (BAVA) intervened in the case. 
(15) After trial on the merits, the then Court of First Instance of Rizal, Pasig, Metro Manila, rendered a decision in favor of the appellees the dispositive portion of which is as follows: 
WHEREFORE, judgment is hereby accordingly rendered as follows: 
ON PLAINTIFFS' COMPLAINT: 
Defendant is ordered to pay to the plaintiffs-spouses Sangalang the following damages: 
1. The sum of P500,000.00 as actual and consequential damages; 
2. The sum of P2,000,000.00 as moral damages; 
3. The sum of P500,000.00 as exemplary damages; 
4. The sum of P100,000.00 as attorney's fees; and 
5. The costs of suit. 
ON INTERVENORS FELIX and DOLORES GASTON'S COMPLAINT: 
Defendant is ordered to pay to the spouses Felix and Dolores Gaston, the following damages: 
1 . The sum of P400,000.00 as consequential damages; 
2 The sum of P500,000.00 as moral damages; 
3 The sum of P500,000.00 as exemplary damages: 
4 The sum of P50,000.00 as attorney's fees; and 
5 The costs of suit. 
ON INTERVENORS JOSE and ALICIA BRIONES' COMPLAINT: 
Defendant is ordered to pay to the spouses Jose and Alicia Briones, the following damages: 
1 . The sum of P400,000.00 as consequential damages; 
2 The sum of P500,000.00 as moral damages; 
3 The sum of P500,000.00 as exemplary damages; 
4 The sum of P50,000.00 as attorney's fees; and 
5 The costs of suit. 
ON INTERVENOR BAVA'S COMPLAINT: 
Defendant is ordered to pay intervenor BAVA, the following damages: 
1. The sum of P400,000.00 as consequential damages; 
2. The sum of P500,000.00 as exemplary damages; 
3. The sum of P50,000.00 as attorney's fees; and 
4. The costs of suit. 
The above damages awarded to the plaintiffs and intervenors shall bear legal interest from the filing of the complaint. 
Defendant is further ordered to restore/reconstruct the perimeter wall at its original position in 1966 from Reposo Street in the west to Zodiac Street in the east, at its own expense, within SIX (6) MONTHS from finality of judgment. 
SO ORDERED. 
(Record on Appeal, pp. 400-401) 2
x x x x x x x x x 
On appeal, the Court of Appeals 3 rendered a reversal, and disposed as follows: 
ACCORDINGLY, finding the decision appealed from as not supported by the facts and the law on the matter, the same is hereby SET ASIDE and another one entered dismissing the case for lack of a cause of action. Without pronouncement as to costs. 
SO ORDERED. 4 
II. G.R. No. 74376 
This petition was similarly brought by BAVA to enforce the aforesaid restrictions stipulated in the deeds of sale executed by the Ayala Corporation. The petitioner originally brought the complaint in the Regional Trial Court of Makati, 5 principally for specific performance, plaintiff [now, petitioner] alleging that the defendant [now, private respondent] Tenorio allowed defendant [Tenorio's co-private respondent] Gonzalves to occupy and convert the house at 50 Jupiter Street, Bel-Air Village, Makati, Metro Manila, into a restaurant, without its knowledge and consent, and in violation of the deed restrictions which provide that the lot and building thereon must be used only for residential purposes upon which the prayed for main relief was for 'the defendants to permanently refrain from using the premises as commercial and to comply with the terms of the Deed Restrictions." 6 The trial court dismissed the complaint on a procedural ground, i.e., pendency of an Identical action, Civil Case No. 32346, entitled "Bel-Air Village Association, Inc. v. Jesus Tenorio." The Court of Appeals 7 affirmed, and held, in addition, that Jupiter Street "is classified as High density commercial (C-3) zone as per Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance No. 81-01 for National Capital Region," 8 following its own ruling in AC-G.R. No. 66649, entitled "Bel-Air Village Association, Inc. vs. Hy-Land Realty & Development Corporation, et al." 
III. G.R. No. 76394 
x x x x x x x x x 
Defendants-spouses Eduardo V. Romualdez, Jr. and Buena Tioseco are the owners of a house and lot located at 108 Jupiter St., Makati, Metro Manila as evidenced by Transfer Certificate of Title No. 332394 of the Registry of Deeds of Rizal. The fact is undisputed that at the time the defendants acquired the subject house and lot, several restrictions were already annotated on the reverse side of their title; however, for purposes of this appeal we shall quote hereunder only the pertinent ones, to wit: 
(b,) This lot/shall be used only for residential purposes. 
x x x x x x x x x 
IV. Term of Restriction 
The foregoing restriction(s) shall remain in force for fifty years from January 15, 1957, unless sooner cancelled in its entirety by two-thirds vote of the members in good standing of the Bel-Air Association. However, the Association may from time to time, add new ones, amend or abolish particular restrictions or parts thereof by majority rule. 
During the early part of 1979, plaintiff noted that certain renovations and constructions were being made by the defendants on the subject premises, for which reason the defendants were advised to inform the plaintiff of the kind of construction that was going on. Because the defendants failed to comply with the request of the plaintiff, the latter's chief security officer visited the subject premises on March 23, 1979 and found out that the defendants were putting up a bake and coffee shop, which fact was confirmed by defendant Mrs. Romualdez herself. Thereafter, the plaintiff reminded defendants that they were violating the deed restriction. Despite said reminder, the defendants proceeded with the construction of the bake shop. Consequently, plaintiff sent defendants a letter dated April 30, 1979 warning them that if they will not desist from using the premises in question for commercial purposes, they will be sued for violations of the deed restrictions. 
Despite the warning, the defendants proceeded with the construction of their bake shop. 9 
x x x x x x x x x 
The trial court 10 adjudged in favor of BAVA. On appeal, the Court of Appeals 11 reversed, on the strength of its holding in AC-G.R. No. 66649 earlier referred to. 
BAVA then elevated the matter to the Court by a petition for review on certiorari. The Court 12 initially denied the petition "for lack of merit, it appearing that the conclusions of the respondent Court of Appeals that private respondents' bake and coffee shop lies within a commercial zone and that said private respondents are released from their obligations to maintain the lot known as 108 Jupiter Street for residential purposes by virtue of Ordinance No. 81 of the Municipality of Makati and Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance No. 81-01 of the Metropolitan Manila Commission, are in accord with law and jurisprudence," 13 for which BAVA sought a reconsideration. Pending resolution, the case was referred to the Second Division of this Court, 14 and thereafter, to the Court En Banc en consulta. 15 Per our Resolution, dated April 29, 1988, we consolidated this case with G.R. Nos. 74376 and 82281. 16 
IV. G.R. No. 78182. 
x x x x x x x x x 
The case stemmed from the leasing by defendant Dolores Filley of her building and lot situated at No. 205 Reposo Street, Bel-Air Village Makati, Metro Manila to her co-defendant, the advertising firm J. Romero and Associates, in alleged violation of deed restrictions which stipulated that Filley's lot could only be used for residential purposes. Plaintiff sought judgment from the lower court ordering the defendants to "permanently refrain" from using the premises in question "as commercial" and to comply with the terms of the deed restrictions. 
After the proper proceedings, the court granted the plaintiff the sought for relief with the additional imposition of exemplary damages of P50,000.00 and attorney's fees of P10,000.00. The trial court gave emphasis to the restrictive clauses contained in Filley's deed of sale from the plaintiff, which made the conversion of the building into a commercial one a violation. 
Defendants now seek review and reversal on three (3) assignments of errors, namely: 
I. 
THE TRIAL COURT ERRED IN NOT FINDING THAT THE REGULATIONS PROMULGATED BY THE MUNICIPAL AUTHORITIES IN MAKATI AND THE MINISTRY OF HUMAN SETTLEMENT'S CHANGING THE CHARACTER OF THE AREAS IN QUESTION HAD RENDERED THE RESTRICTIVE EASEMENT ON THE TITLE OF THE APPELLANTS VACATED. 
II. 
THE COURT ERRED IN NOT RULING THAT BECAUSE THE APPELLEE(S) HAD ALLOWED THE USE OF THE PROPERTY WITHIN THE VILLAGE FOR NON- RESIDENTIAL PURPOSES, IT IS NOW ESTOPPED FROM ENFORCING THE RESTRICTIVE PROHIBITIONS SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS CASE. 
III. 
THE COURT ERRED IN NOT FINDING THAT THERE EXISTED A BILATERAL CONTRACT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND THAT SINCE APPELLEE HAD NOT PERFORMED ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THIS ARRANGEMENT THE APPELLANT IN TURN WAS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO ANNOTATE THE RESTRICTIVE PROHIBITIONS ON THE BACK OF THE TITLE. 
Appellants anchor their appeal on the proposition that the Bel-Air Village area, contrary to plaintiff- appellee's pretension of being a strictly residential zone, is in fact commercial and characterize the restrictions contained in appellant Filley's deed of sale from the appellee as completely outmoded, which have lost all relevance to the present-day realities in Makati, now the premier business hub of the nation, where there is a proliferation of numerous commercial enterprises established through the years, in fact even within the heart of so-called "residential" villages. Thus, it may be said that appellants base their position on the inexorable march of progress which has rendered at naught the continued efficacy of the restrictions. Appellant on the other hand, relies on a rigid interpretation of the contractual stipulations agreed upon with appellant Filley, in effect arguing that the restrictions are valid ad infinitum. 
The lower court quite properly found that other commercial establishments exist in the same area (in fact, on the same street) but ignored it just the same and said- 
The fact that defendants were able to prove the existence of several commercial establishments inside the village does not exempt them from liability for violating some of the restrictions evidently choosing to accord primacy to contractual stipulation. 17
x x x x x x x x x 
The Court of Appeals 18 overturned the lower court, 19 likewise based on AC-G.R. No. 66649. The respondent Court observed also that J. Romero & Associates had been given authority to open a commercial office by the Human Settlements Regulatory Commission. 
V. G.R. No. 82281 
The facts of this case have been based on stipulation. We quote: 
COMES NOW, the Parties, assisted by their respective counsel and to this Honorable Court, respectfully enter into the following stipulations of facts, to wit: 
1. The parties admit the personal circumstances of each other as well as their capacities to sue and be sued. 
2. The parties admit that plaintiff BAVA for short) is the legally constituted homeowners' association in Bel-Air Subdivision, Makati, Metro Manila. 
3. The parties admit that defendant Violets Moncal is the registered owner of a parcel of land with a residential house constructed thereon situated at No. 104 Jupiter Street, Bel-Air Village, Makati, Metro Manila; that as such lot owner, she is a member of the plaintiff association. 
4. The parties admit that defendant Majal Development Corporation (Majal for short) is the lessee of defendant Moncal's house and lot located at No. 104 Jupiter Street. 
5. The parties admit that a deed restrictions is annotated on the title of defendant Moncal, which provides, among others, that the lot in question must be used only for residential purposes;' that at time Moncal purchased her aforesaid lot in 1959 said deed restrictions was already annotated in the said title. 
6. The parties admit that when Moncal leased her subject property to Majal, she did not secure the consent of BAVA to lease the said house and lot to the present lessee. 
7. The parties admit that along Jupiter Street and on the same side where Moncal's property is located, there are restaurants, clinics placement or employment agencies and other commercial or business establishments. These establishments, however, were sued by BAVA in the proper court. 
8. The parties admit that at the time Moncal purchased the subject property from the Makati Development Corporation, there was a perimeter wall, running along Jupiter Street, which wall was constructed by the subdivision owner; that at that time the gates of the entrances to Jupiter Street were closed to public traffic. In short, the entire length of Jupiter which was inside the perimeter wall was not then open to public traffic 
9. The parties admit that subsequent thereto, Ayala tore down the perimeter wall to give way to the commercial building fronting Buendia Avenue (now Gil J. Puyat Avenue). 
10. The parties admit that on August 12, 1977, the Mayor of Makati forcibly opened and removed the street gates constructed on Jupiter Street and Reposo Street, thereby opening said streets to the public. 
11. The parties admit plaintiffs letters of October 10, 23 and 31, 1984; as well as defendants' letters-reply dated October 17 and 29, 1984. 20 
x x x x x x x x x 
The trial court 21 dismissed the petitioner's complaint, a dismissal affirmed on appeal, 22 According to the appellate court, the opening of Jupiter Street to human and vehicular traffic, and the commercialization of the Municipality of Makati in general, were circumstances that had made compliance by Moncal with the aforesaid "deed restrictions" "extremely difficult and unreasonable," 23 a development that had excused compliance altogether under Article 1267 of the Civil Code. 
VI. The cases before the Court; the Court's decision. 
In brief, G.R. Nos. 74376, 76394, 78182, and 82281 are efforts to enforce the "deed restrictions" in question against specific residents (private respondents in the petitions) of Jupiter Street and with respect to G.R. No. 78182, Reposo Street. The private respondents are alleged to have converted their residences into commercial establishments (a restaurant in G.R. No. 74376, a bakery and coffee shop in G.R. No. 76394, an advertising firm in G.R. No. 78182; and a construction company, apparently, in G.R. No. 82281) in violation of the said restrictions. 24 
Their mother case, G. R. No. 71169 is, on the other hand, a petition to hold the vendor itself, Ayala Corporation (formerly Makati Development Corporation), liable for tearing down the perimeter wall along Jupiter Street that had therefore closed its commercial section from the residences of Bel-Air Village and ushering in, as a consequence, the full "commercialization" of Jupiter Street, in violation of the very restrictions it had authored. 
As We indicated, the Court of Appeals dismissed all five appeals on the basis primarily of its ruling in AC-G.R. No. 66649, "Bel-Air Village, Inc. v. Hy-Land Realty Development Corporation, et al.," in which the appellate court explicitly rejected claims under the same 'deed restrictions" as a result of Ordinance No. 81 enacted by the Government of the Municipality of Makati, as well as Comprehensive Zoning Ordinance No. 8101 promulgated by the Metropolitan Manila Commission, which two ordinances allegedly allowed the use of Jupiter Street both for residential and commercial purposes. It was likewise held that these twin measures were valid as a legitimate exercise of police power. 
The Court of Appeals' reliance on Ordinance Nos. 81. and 8101 is now assailed in these petitions, particularly the Sangalang, et al. petition. 
Aside from this fundamental issue, the petitioners likewise raise procedural questions. G.R. No. 71169, the mother case, begins with one. 
1. G.R. No. 71169 
In this petition, the following questions are specifically put to the Court: 
May the Honorable Intermediate Appellate Court reverse the decision of the trial court on issues which were neither raised by AYALA in its Answers either to the Complaint or Supplemental Complaint nor specifically assigned as one of the alleged errors on appeal? 25 
May the Honorable Intermediate Appellate Court arbitrarily ignore the decisive findings of fact of the trial court, even if uncontradicted and/or documented, and premised mainly on its own unsupported conclusions totally reverse the trial court's decision? 26 
May the Honorable Intermediate Appellate Court disregard the trial court's documented findings that respondent Ayala for its own self-interest and commercial purposes contrived in bad faith to do away with the Jupiter Street perimeter wall it put up three times which wall was really intended to separate the residential from the commercial areas and thereby insure the privacy and security of Bel Air Village pursuant to respondent Ayala's express continuing representation and/or covenant to do so? 27 
a. 
The first question represents an attack on the appellate court's reliance on Ordinances Nos. 81 and 81-01, a matter not supposedly taken up at the trial or assigned as an error on appeal. As a rule, the Court of Appeals (then the Intermediate Appellate Court) may determine only such questions as have been properly raised to it, yet, this is not an inflexible rule of procedure. In Hernandez v. Andal, 28 it was stated that "an unassigned error closely related to an error properly assigned, or upon which the determination of the question raised by the error properly assigned is dependent, will be considered by the appellate court notwithstanding the failure to assign it as error." 29 
In Baquiran v. Court of Appeals, 30 we referred to the " modern trend of procedure . . . according] the courts broad discretionary power" 31 and in which we allowed consideration of matters "having some bearing on the issue submitted which the parties failed to raise or the lower court ignore[d]. 32 And in Vda. de Javellana v. Court of Appeals, 33 we permitted the consideration of a 'patent error' of the trial court by the Court of Appeals under Section 7, of Rule 51, of the Rules of Court, 34 although such an error had not been raised in the brief. But what we note is the fact that the Ayala Corporation did raise the zoning measures as affirmative defenses, first in its answers 35 and second, in its brief, 36 and submitted at the trial as exhibits. 37 There is accordingly no cause for complaint on the part of the petitioners for Ayala's violation of the Rules. But while there was reason for the consideration, on appeal, of the said zoning ordinances in question, this Court nevertheless finds as inaccurate the Court of Appeals' holding that such measures, had "in effect, [made] Jupiter Street ... a street which could be used not only for residential purposes," 38 and that "[It lost its character as a street for the exclusive benefit of those residing in Bel-Air Village completely." 39 
Among other things, there is a recognition under both Ordinances Nos. 81 and 8 1-01 that Jupiter Street lies as the boundary between Bel-Air Village and Ayala Corporation's commercial section. And since 1957, it had been considered as a boundary not as a part of either the residential or commercial zones of Ayala Corporation's real estate development projects. Thus, the Bel-Air Village Association's articles of incorporation state that Bel-Air Village is 'bounded on the NE., from Amapola St., to de los Santos Ave., by Estrella St., on the SE from Extrella St., to Pedestrian Lane by E. De los Santos Ave., on the SW., from Pedestrian Lane to Reposo St., by Jupiter Street 
. . . . 40 Hence, it cannot be said to have been "for the exclusive benefit" of Bel-Air Village residents. 
We come to the perimeter wall then standing on the commercial side of Jupiter Street the destruction of which opened the street to the public. The petitioners contend that the opening of the thoroughfare had opened, in turn, the floodgates to the commercialization of Bel-Air Village. The wall, so they allege, was designed precisely to protect the peace and privacy of Bel-Air Village residents from the din and uproar of mercantile pursuits, and that the Ayala Corporation had committed itself to maintain it. It was the opinion of the Court of Appeals, as we said, that Ayala's liability therefor, if one existed, had been overtaken by the passage of Ordinances Nos. 81 and 82-01, opening Jupiter Street to commerce. 
It is our ruling, we reiterate, that Jupiter Street lies as a mere boundary, a fact acknowledged by the authorities of Makati and the National Government and, as a scrutiny of the records themselves reveals, by the petitioners themselves, as the articles of incorporation of Bel-Air Village Association itself would confirm. As a consequence, Jupiter Street was intended for the use by both -the commercial and residential blocks. It was not originally constructed, therefore, for the exclusive use of either block, least of all the residents of Bel-Air Village, but, we repeat, in favor of both, as distinguished from the general public. 
When the wall was erected in 1966 and rebuilt twice, in 1970 and 1972, it was not for the purpose of physically separating the two blocks. According to Ayala Corporation, it was put up to enable the Bel-Air Village Association "better control of the security in the area, 41 and as the Ayala Corporation's "show of goodwill " 42 a view we find acceptable in the premises. For it cannot be denied that at that time, the commercial area was vacant, "open for [sic] animals and people to have access to Bel-Air Village." 43 There was hence a necessity for a wall. 
In any case, we find the petitioners' theory, that maintaining the wall was a matter of a contractual obligation on the part of Ayala, to be pure conjecture. The records do not establish the existence of such a purported commitment. For one, the subdivision plans submitted did not mention anything about it. For another, there is nothing in the "deed restrictions" that would point to any covenant regarding the construction of a wall. There is no representation or promise whatsoever therein to that effect. 
With the construction of the commercial buildings in 1974, the reason for which the wall was built- to secure Bel-Air Village from interlopers had naturally ceased to exist. The buildings themselves had provided formidable curtains of security for the residents. It should be noted that the commercial lot buyers themselves were forced to demolish parts of the wall to gain access to Jupiter Street, which they had after all equal right to use. 
In fine, we cannot hold the Ayala Corporation liable for damages for a commitment it did not make, much less for alleged resort to machinations in evading it. The records, on the contrary, will show that the Bel-Air Village Association had been informed, at the very outset, about the impending use of Jupiter Street by commercial lot buyers. We quote: 
x x x x x x x x x 
1. Exh. I of appellee, the memorandum of Mr. Carmelo Caluag, President of BAVA, dated May 10, 1972, informing the BAVA Board of Governors and Barrio Council members about the future use of Jupiter Street by the lot owners fronting Buendia Avenue. The use of Jupiter Street by the owners of the commercial lots would necessarily require the demolition of the wall along the commercial block adjoining Jupiter Street. 
2. Exh. J of appellee, the minutes of the joint meeting of BAVA Board of Governors and the Bel-Air Barrio Council where the matter that "Buendia lot owners will have equal rights to use Jupiter Street," and that Ayala's "plans about the sale of lots and use of Jupiter Street" were precisely taken up. This confirms that from the start BAVA was informed that the commercial lot owners will use Jupiter Street and that necessarily the wall along Jupiter Street would be demolished. 
3. Exh. 10, the letter of Mr. Demetrio Copuyoc to the President of BAVA, dated May 16, 1972, expressly stating that vehicular entrance and exit to the commercial lots would be allowed along Jupiter and side streets. 
4. Exhs. 27, 27-A, 27-B, the letter of Atty. Salvador J. Lorayes dated June 30, 1972, with enclosed copy of proposed restriction for the commercial lots to BAVA. He proposed restriction again expressly stated that "Vehicular entrances and exits are allowed thru Jupiter and any side streets." 
5. Exh. L of appellee, the minutes of the meeting of the members of BAVA, dated August 26, 1972, where it is stated "Recently, Ayala Corporation informed the Board that the lots fronting Buendia Avenue will soon be offered for sale, and that future lot owners will be given equal rights to use Jupiter Street as well as members of the Association." 
6. Exh. 25, the letter of Atty. Lorayes dated September 25, 1972, informing BAVA of the widening of Jupiter Street by 3.5 meters to improve traffic flow in said street to benefit both the residents of Bel-Air and the future owners of the commercial lots. 44 
The petitioners cannot successfully rely on the alleged promise by Demetrio Copuyoc, Ayala's manager, to build a "[f]ence along Jupiter with gate for entrance and/or exit 45 as evidence of Ayala's alleged continuing obligation to maintain a wall between the residential and commercial sections. It should be observed that the fence referred to included a "gate for entrance and or exit" which would have defeated the purpose of a wall, in the sense the petitioners would put in one, that is to say, an impenetrable barrier. But as Ayala would point out subsequently, the proposed fence was not constructed because it had become unnecessary when the commercial lot owners commenced constructions thereon. 
Be that as it may, the Court cannot visualize any purported obligation by Ayala Corporation to keep the wall on the strength of this supposed promise alone. If truly Ayala promised anything assuming that Capuyoc was authorized to bind the corporation with a promise it would have been with respect to the fence. It would not have established the pre-existing obligation alleged with respect to the wall. 
Obligations arise, among other things, from contract. 46 If Ayala, then, were bound by an obligation, it would have been pursuant to a contract. A contract, however, is characterized by a "meeting of minds between two persons . 47 As a consensual relation, it must be shown to exist as a fact, clearly and convincingly. But it cannot be inferred from a mishmash of circumstances alone disclosing some kind of an "understanding," when especially, those disparate circumstances are not themselves incompatible with contentions that no accord had existed or had been reached. 48
The petitioners cannot simply assume that the wall was there for the purpose with which they now give it, by the bare coincidence that it had divided the residential block from the commercial section of Bel-Air. The burden of proof rests with them to show that it had indeed been built precisely for that objective, a proof that must satisfy the requirements of our rules of evidence. It cannot be made to stand on the strength of plain inferences. 
b. 
This likewise answers the petitioners' second query, whether or not the Court of Appeals had "arbitrarily ignore(d) the decisive findings of the trial court." 49 i.e., findings pointing to alleged acts performed by the Ayala Corporation proving its commitment to maintain the wall abovesaid. Specifically, the petitioners refer to, among other things: (1) Ayala's alleged announcement to Bel- Air Village Association members that "[the perimeter wall along Jupiter Street will not be demolished," 50 (2) Ayala's alleged commitment "during the pendency of the case in the trial court" to restore the wall; (3) alleged assurances by Copuyoc that the wall will not be removed; (4) alleged contrivances by the corporation to make the association admit as members the commercial lot buyers which provided them equal access to Jupiter Street; and (5) Ayala's donation to the association of Jupiter Street for "private use" of Bel-Air residents. 51
682 (1903), where it was held that "whether the plaintiffs services were solicited or whether they were offered to the defendant for his assistance, inasmuch as these services were accepted and made use of by the latter, we must consider that there was a tacit and mutual consent as to the rendition of services." (At 686.) In that case, the defendant had enormously benefitted from the services that entitled the plaintiff to compensation on the theory that no one may unjustly enrich himself at the expense of another (Solutio indebiti) The facts of this case differ. 
As we stated, the Ayala Corporation's alleged conduct prior to or during the proceedings below are not necessarily at war with claims that no commitment had been in fact made. 
With respect to Ayala's alleged announcement before the association, the Court does not agree that Ayala had categorically assumed as an obligation to maintain the wall "perpetually," i.e., until the year 2007 (the expiration date under the "deed restrictions.") There is nothing in its statement that would bare any commitment. In connection with the conference between the parties "during the pendency" of the trial, it is to be noted that the Ayala Corporation denies having warranted the restoration of the said wall therein. What, on the other hand, appears in the records is the fact that Ayala did make that promise, but provided that the Mayor allowed it. It turned out, however, that the Mayor balked at the Idea. 52 But assuming that Ayala did promise to rebuild the wall (in that conference), it does not seem to us that it did consequently promise to maintain it in perpetuity. 
It is unfair to say, as the trial court did, that the Ayala had "contrived to make future commercial lot owners special members of BAVA and thereby acquire equal right with the regular members thereof to use Jupiter Street 53 since, as we stated, the commercial lot buyers have the right, in any event, to make use of Jupiter Street, whether or not they are members of the association. It is not their memberships that give them the right to use it. They share that right with Bel-Air residents from the outset. 
The objective of making the commercial lot owners special members of the Bel-Air Village Association was not to accord them equal access to Jupiter Street and inferentially, to give them the right to knock down the perimeter wall. It was, rather, to regulate the use of the street owing precisely to the "planned" nature of Ayala's development project, and real estate development in general, and this could best be done by placing the commercial lot owners under the association's jurisdiction. 
Moreover, Ayala's overtures with the association concerning the membership of commercial lot buyers therein have been shown to be neither perfidious nor unethical nor devious (paraphrasing the lower court). We quote anew: 
x x x x x x x x x 
(7) On June 30, 1972, appellant informed BAVA that in a few months it shall subdivide and sell the commercial lots bordering the north side of Buendia Avenue Extension from Reposo Street up to Zodiac Street. Appellant also informed BAVA that it had taken all precautions and will impose upon the commercial lot owners deed restrictions which will harmonize and blend with the development and welfare of Bel-Air Village. Appellant further applied for special membership in BAVA of the commercial lot owners. A copy of the deed restrictions for the commercial lots was also enclosed. The proposed deed restrictions shall include the 19 meter set back of buildings from Jupiter Street, the requirement for parking space within the lot of one (1) parking slot for every seventy five (75) meters of office space in the building and the limitation of vehicular traffic along Buendia to entrance only, but allowing both vehicular entrance and vehicular exit through Jupiter Street and any side street. 
In its letter of July 10, 1972, BAVA acknowledged the above letter of appellant and informed the latter that the application for special membership of the commercial lot owners in BAVA would be submitted to BAVA's board of governors for decision. 
(8) On September 25,1972, appellant notified BAVA that, after a careful study, it was finally decided that the height limitation of buildings on the commercial lots shall be increased from 12.5 meters to 15 meters. Appellant further informed BAVA that Jupiter Street shall be widened by 3.5 meters to improve traffic flow in said street. BAVA did not reply to said letter, but on January 22, 1973, BAVA wrote a letter to the appellant informing the latter that the Association had assessed the appellant, as special member of the association, the amount of P40,795.00 (based on 81,590 square meters at P.50 per square meter) representing the membership dues of the commercial lot owners for the year 1973, and requested the appellant to remit the amount which its board of governors had already included in its current budget. In reply, appellant on January 31, 1973 informed BAVA that due to the widening of Jupiter Street, the area of the lots which were accepted by the Association as members was reduced to 76,726 square meters. Thus, the corresponding due at P.50 per square meter should be reduced to P38,363.00. This amount, therefore, was remitted by the appellant to BAVA. Since then, the latter has been collecting membership dues from the owners of the commercial lots as special members of the Association. As a matter of fact, the dues were increased several times. In 1980, the commercial lot owners were already being charged dues at the rate of P3.00 per square meter. (Domingo, TSN, p. 36, March 19, 1980). At this rate, the total membership dues of the commercial lot owners amount to P230,178.00 annually based on the total area of 76,726 square meters of the commercial lots. 54 
x x x x x x x x x 
The alleged undertaking, finally, by Ayala in the deed of donation (over Jupiter Street) to leave Jupiter Street for the private use of Bel-Air residents is belied by the very provisions of the deed. We quote: 
x x x x x x x x x 
IV. That the offer made by the DONOR had been accepted by the DONEE subject to the condition that the property will be used as a street for the use of the members of the DONEE, their families, personnel, guests, domestic help and, under certain reasonable conditions and restrictions, by the general public, and in the event that said lots or parts thereof cease to be used as such, ownership thereof shall automatically revert to the DONOR. The DONEE shall always have Reposo Street, Makati Avenue, and Paseo de Roxas open for the use of the general public. It is also understood that the DONOR shall continue the maintenance of the street at its expense for a period of three years from date hereof." (Deed of Donation, p. 6, Exh. 7) 55
x x x x x x x x x 
The donation, on the contrary, gave the general public equal right to it. 
The Court cannot then say, accepting the veracity of the petitioners' facts" enumerated above, that the Ayala Corporation may be held liable for specific performance of a demandable obligation, let alone damages. 
The Court adds that Ayala can hardly be held responsible for the alleged deterioration of "living and environmental conditions" 56 of the Bel-Air area, as a consequence of "Ayala's authorized demolition of the Jupiter perimeter wall in 1974-1975. " 57 We agree with Ayala that until 1976, "there was peace and quiet" at Jupiter Street, as the petitioners' (Sangalang, Gaston, and Briones) complaints admit. Hence, the degeneration of peace and order in Bel-Air cannot be ascribed to the destruction of the wall in 1974 and 1975. 
What Ayala submits as the real cause was the opening of Jupiter Street to vehicular traffic in 1977., 58 But this was upon orders of the Mayor, and for which the homeowners' association had precisely filed suit (Civil Case No. 34998) 59 to contest the act of the Mayor. 
c. 
This likewise disposes of the third question presented. The petitioners' reliance on Ayala's alleged conduct (proving its alleged commitment), so we have ruled, is not well-taken. Ayala's alleged acts do not, by themselves, reflect a commitment to maintain the wall in dispute. It cannot be therefore said that the Court of Appeals "arbitrarily ignore(d]" 60 the lower court's findings. Precisely, it is the duty of the appellate court to review the findings of the trial judge, be they of fact or law. 61 It is not bound by the conclusions of the judge, for which reason it makes its own findings and arrives at its own conclusions. Unless a grave abuse of discretion may be imputed to it, it may accept or reject the lower tribunal's determinations and rely solely on the records. 
Accordingly, the Court affirms the Court of Appeals' holding that the Ayala Corporation, in its dealings with the petitioners, the Bel-Air Village Association in particular, had "acted with justice, gave the appellees [petitioners] their due and observed honesty and good faith." 62 "Therefore, under both Articles 19 and 21 of the Civil Code, the appellant [Ayala] cannot be held liable for damages." 63 
2. G.R. Nos. 74376, 76394, 78182, & 82281 
Our decision also resolves, quite anticlimactically, these companion cases. But we do so for various other reasons. In the Sangalang case, we absolve the Ayala Corporation primarily owing to our finding that it is not liable for the opening of Jupiter Street to the general public. Insofar as these petitions are concerned, we likewise exculpate the private respondents, not only because of the fact that Jupiter Street is not covered by the restrictive easements based on the "deed restrictions" but chiefly because the National Government itself, through the Metro Manila Commission (MMC), had reclassified Jupiter Street into high density commercial (C-3) zone, 64 pursuant to its Ordinance No. 81-01. Hence, the petitioners have no cause of action on the strength alone of the said "deed restrictions. 
In view thereof, we find no need in resolving the questions raised as to procedure, since this disposition is sufficient to resolve these cases. 
It is not that we are saying that restrictive easements, especially the easements herein in question, are invalid or ineffective. As far as the Bel-Air subdivision itself is concerned, certainly, they are valid and enforceable. But they are, like all contracts, subject to the overriding demands, needs, and interests of the greater number as the State may determine in the legitimate exercise of police power. Our jurisdiction guarantees sanctity of contract and is said to be the "law between the contracting parties, 65 but while it is so, it cannot contravene 'law, morals, good customs, public order, or public policy. 66 Above all, it cannot be raised as a deterrent to police power, designed precisely to promote health, safety, peace, and enhance the common good, at the expense of contractual rights, whenever necessary. In Ortigas & Co., Limited Partnership v. Feati Bank and Trust Co., 67 we are told: 
x x x x x x x x x 
2. With regard to the contention that said resolution cannot nullify the contractual obligations assumed by the defendant-appellee referring to the restrictions incorporated in the deeds of sale and later in the corresponding Transfer Certificates of Title issued to defendant-appellee it should be stressed, that while non-impairment of contracts is constitutionally guaranteed, the rule is not absolute, since it has to be reconciled with the legitimate exercise of police power, i.e., "the power to prescribe regulations to promote the health, morals, peace, education, good order or safety and general welfare of the people.' Invariably described as "the most essential, insistent, and illimitable of powers" and "in a sense, the greatest and most powerful attribute of government," the exercise of the power may be judicially inquired into and corrected only if it is capricious, whimsical, unjust or unreasonable, there having been a denial of due process or a violation of any other applicable constitutional guarantee. As this Court held through Justice Jose P. Bengson in Philippine Long Distance Company vs. City of Davao, et al. police power 'is elastic and must be responsive to various social conditions; it is not confined within narrow circumscriptions of precedents resting on past conditions; it must follow the legal progress of a democratic way of life.' We were even more emphatic in Vda. de Genuino vs. The Court of agrarian Relations, et al., when We declared: "We do not see why public welfare when clashing with the individual right to property should not be made to prevail through the state's exercise of its police power." 
Resolution No. 27, 1960 declaring the western part of High way 54, now E. de los Santos Avenue (EDSA, for short) from Shaw Boulevard to the Pasig River as an industrial and commercial zone, was obviously passed by the Municipal Council of Mandaluyong, Rizal in the exercise of police power to safeguard or promote the health, safety, peace, good order and general welfare of the people in the locality. Judicial notice may be taken of the conditions prevailing in the area, especially where Lots Nos. 5 and 6 are located. The lots themselves not only front the highway; industrial and commercial complexes have flourished about the place. EDSA, a main traffic artery which runs through several cities and municipalities in the Metro Manila area, supports an endless stream of traffic and the resulting activity, noise and pollution are hardly conducive to the health, safety or welfare of the residents in its route. Having been expressly granted the power to adopt zoning and subdivision ordinances or regulations, the municipality of Mandaluyong, through its Municipal Council, was reasonably, if not perfectly, justified under the circumstances, in passing the subject resolution. 68 
x x x x x x x x x 
Undoubtedly, the MMC Ordinance represents a legitimate exercise of police power. The petitioners have not shown why we should hold otherwise other than for the supposed "non-impairment" guaranty of the Constitution, which, as we have declared, is secondary to the more compelling interests of general welfare. The Ordinance has not been shown to be capricious or arbitrary or unreasonable to warrant the reversal of the judgments so appealed. In that connection, we find no reversible error to have been committed by the Court of Appeals. 
WHEREFORE, premises considered, these petitions are DENIED No pronouncement as to costs. 
IT IS SO ORDERED. 
Fernan, (C.J.), Melencio-Herrera, Gutierrez, Jr., Cruz, Gancayco, Bidin, Cortes, Griño-Aquino, Medialdea and Regalado, JJ., concur. 
Narvasa, J., on leave. 
Paras, J., Took no part;
Feliciano, J., Took no part; 
Padilla, J., Took no part; 

G.R. No. 74457 March 20, 1987
RESTITUTO YNOT, petitioner, 
vs.
INTERMEDIATE APPELLATE COURT, THE STATION COMMANDER, INTEGRATED NATIONAL POLICE, BAROTAC NUEVO, ILOILO and THE REGIONAL DIRECTOR, BUREAU OF ANIMAL INDUSTRY, REGION IV, ILOILO CITY, respondents.
Ramon A. Gonzales for petitioner.
 
CRUZ, J.:
The essence of due process is distilled in the immortal cry of Themistocles to Alcibiades "Strike — but hear me first!" It is this cry that the petitioner in effect repeats here as he challenges the constitutionality of Executive Order No. 626-A.
The said executive order reads in full as follows:
WHEREAS, the President has given orders prohibiting the interprovincial movement of carabaos and the slaughtering of carabaos not complying with the requirements of Executive Order No. 626 particularly with respect to age;
WHEREAS, it has been observed that despite such orders the violators still manage to circumvent the prohibition against inter-provincial movement of carabaos by transporting carabeef instead; and
WHEREAS, in order to achieve the purposes and objectives of Executive Order No. 626 and the prohibition against interprovincial movement of carabaos, it is necessary to strengthen the said Executive Order and provide for the disposition of the carabaos and carabeef subject of the violation;
NOW, THEREFORE, I, FERDINAND E. MARCOS, President of the Philippines, by virtue of the powers vested in me by the Constitution, do hereby promulgate the following:
SECTION 1. Executive Order No. 626 is hereby amended such that henceforth, no carabao regardless of age, sex, physical condition or purpose and no carabeef shall be transported from one province to another. The carabao or carabeef transported in violation of this Executive Order as amended shall be subject to confiscation and forfeiture by the government, to be distributed to charitable institutions and other similar institutions as the Chairman of the National Meat Inspection Commission may ay see fit, in the case of carabeef, and to deserving farmers through dispersal as the Director of Animal Industry may see fit, in the case of carabaos.
SECTION 2. This Executive Order shall take effect immediately.
Done in the City of Manila, this 25th day of October, in the year of Our Lord, nineteen hundred and eighty.
(SGD.) FERDINAND E. MARCOS
President
Republic of the Philippines
The petitioner had transported six carabaos in a pump boat from Masbate to Iloilo on January 13, 1984, when they were confiscated by the police station commander of Barotac Nuevo, Iloilo, for violation of the above measure. 1 The petitioner sued for recovery, and the Regional Trial Court of Iloilo City issued a writ of replevin upon his filing of a supersedeas bond of P12,000.00. After considering the merits of the case, the court sustained the confiscation of the carabaos and, since they could no longer be produced, ordered the confiscation of the bond. The court also declined to rule on the constitutionality of the executive order, as raise by the petitioner, for lack of authority and also for its presumed validity. 2 
The petitioner appealed the decision to the Intermediate Appellate Court,* 3 which upheld the trial court, ** and he has now come before us in this petition for review on certiorari.
The thrust of his petition is that the executive order is unconstitutional insofar as it authorizes outright confiscation of the carabao or carabeef being transported across provincial boundaries. His claim is that the penalty is invalid because it is imposed without according the owner a right to be heard before a competent and impartial court as guaranteed by due process. He complains that the measure should not have been presumed, and so sustained, as constitutional. There is also a challenge to the improper exercise of the legislative power by the former President under Amendment No. 6 of the 1973 Constitution. 4 
While also involving the same executive order, the case of Pesigan v. Angeles 5 is not applicable here. The question raised there was the necessity of the previous publication of the measure in the Official Gazette before it could be considered enforceable. We imposed the requirement then on the basis of due process of law. In doing so, however, this Court did not, as contended by the Solicitor General, impliedly affirm the constitutionality of Executive Order No. 626-A. That is an entirely different matter.
This Court has declared that while lower courts should observe a becoming modesty in examining constitutional questions, they are nonetheless not prevented from resolving the same whenever warranted, subject only to review by the highest tribunal. 6 We have jurisdiction under the Constitution to "review, revise, reverse, modify or affirm on appeal or certiorari, as the law or rules of court may provide," final judgments and orders of lower courts in, among others, all cases involving the constitutionality of certain measures. 7 This simply means that the resolution of such cases may be made in the first instance by these lower courts.
And while it is true that laws are presumed to be constitutional, that presumption is not by any means conclusive and in fact may be rebutted. Indeed, if there be a clear showing of their invalidity, and of the need to declare them so, then "will be the time to make the hammer fall, and heavily," 8 to recall Justice Laurel's trenchant warning. Stated otherwise, courts should not follow the path of least resistance by simply presuming the constitutionality of a law when it is questioned. On the contrary, they should probe the issue more deeply, to relieve the abscess, paraphrasing another distinguished jurist, 9 and so heal the wound or excise the affliction.
Judicial power authorizes this; and when the exercise is demanded, there should be no shirking of the task for fear of retaliation, or loss of favor, or popular censure, or any other similar inhibition unworthy of the bench, especially this Court.
The challenged measure is denominated an executive order but it is really presidential decree, promulgating a new rule instead of merely implementing an existing law. It was issued by President Marcos not for the purpose of taking care that the laws were faithfully executed but in the exercise of his legislative authority under Amendment No. 6. It was provided thereunder that whenever in his judgment there existed a grave emergency or a threat or imminence thereof or whenever the legislature failed or was unable to act adequately on any matter that in his judgment required immediate action, he could, in order to meet the exigency, issue decrees, orders or letters of instruction that were to have the force and effect of law. As there is no showing of any exigency to justify the exercise of that extraordinary power then, the petitioner has reason, indeed, to question the validity of the executive order. Nevertheless, since the determination of the grounds was supposed to have been made by the President "in his judgment, " a phrase that will lead to protracted discussion not really necessary at this time, we reserve resolution of this matter until a more appropriate occasion. For the nonce, we confine ourselves to the more fundamental question of due process.
It is part of the art of constitution-making that the provisions of the charter be cast in precise and unmistakable language to avoid controversies that might arise on their correct interpretation. That is the Ideal. In the case of the due process clause, however, this rule was deliberately not followed and the wording was purposely kept ambiguous. In fact, a proposal to delineate it more clearly was submitted in the Constitutional Convention of 1934, but it was rejected by Delegate Jose P. Laurel, Chairman of the Committee on the Bill of Rights, who forcefully argued against it. He was sustained by the body. 10
The due process clause was kept intentionally vague so it would remain also conveniently resilient. This was felt necessary because due process is not, like some provisions of the fundamental law, an "iron rule" laying down an implacable and immutable command for all seasons and all persons. Flexibility must be the best virtue of the guaranty. The very elasticity of the due process clause was meant to make it adapt easily to every situation, enlarging or constricting its protection as the changing times and circumstances may require.
Aware of this, the courts have also hesitated to adopt their own specific description of due process lest they confine themselves in a legal straitjacket that will deprive them of the elbow room they may need to vary the meaning of the clause whenever indicated. Instead, they have preferred to leave the import of the protection open-ended, as it were, to be "gradually ascertained by the process of inclusion and exclusion in the course of the decision of cases as they arise." 11 Thus, Justice Felix Frankfurter of the U.S. Supreme Court, for example, would go no farther than to define due process — and in so doing sums it all up — as nothing more and nothing less than "the embodiment of the sporting Idea of fair play." 12 
When the barons of England extracted from their sovereign liege the reluctant promise that that Crown would thenceforth not proceed against the life liberty or property of any of its subjects except by the lawful judgment of his peers or the law of the land, they thereby won for themselves and their progeny that splendid guaranty of fairness that is now the hallmark of the free society. The solemn vow that King John made at Runnymede in 1215 has since then resounded through the ages, as a ringing reminder to all rulers, benevolent or base, that every person, when confronted by the stern visage of the law, is entitled to have his say in a fair and open hearing of his cause.
The closed mind has no place in the open society. It is part of the sporting Idea of fair play to hear "the other side" before an opinion is formed or a decision is made by those who sit in judgment. Obviously, one side is only one-half of the question; the other half must also be considered if an impartial verdict is to be reached based on an informed appreciation of the issues in contention. It is indispensable that the two sides complement each other, as unto the bow the arrow, in leading to the correct ruling after examination of the problem not from one or the other perspective only but in its totality. A judgment based on less that this full appraisal, on the pretext that a hearing is unnecessary or useless, is tainted with the vice of bias or intolerance or ignorance, or worst of all, in repressive regimes, the insolence of power.
The minimum requirements of due process are notice and hearing 13 which, generally speaking, may not be dispensed with because they are intended as a safeguard against official arbitrariness. It is a gratifying commentary on our judicial system that the jurisprudence of this country is rich with applications of this guaranty as proof of our fealty to the rule of law and the ancient rudiments of fair play. We have consistently declared that every person, faced by the awesome power of the State, is entitled to "the law of the land," which Daniel Webster described almost two hundred years ago in the famous Dartmouth College Case, 14 as "the law which hears before it condemns, which proceeds upon inquiry and renders judgment only after trial." It has to be so if the rights of every person are to be secured beyond the reach of officials who, out of mistaken zeal or plain arrogance, would degrade the due process clause into a worn and empty catchword.
This is not to say that notice and hearing are imperative in every case for, to be sure, there are a number of admitted exceptions. The conclusive presumption, for example, bars the admission of contrary evidence as long as such presumption is based on human experience or there is a rational connection between the fact proved and the fact ultimately presumed therefrom. 15 There are instances when the need for expeditions action will justify omission of these requisites, as in the summary abatement of a nuisance per se, like a mad dog on the loose, which may be killed on sight because of the immediate danger it poses to the safety and lives of the people. Pornographic materials, contaminated meat and narcotic drugs are inherently pernicious and may be summarily destroyed. The passport of a person sought for a criminal offense may be cancelled without hearing, to compel his return to the country he has fled. 16 Filthy restaurants may be summarily padlocked in the interest of the public health and bawdy houses to protect the public morals. 17 In such instances, previous judicial hearing may be omitted without violation of due process in view of the nature of the property involved or the urgency of the need to protect the general welfare from a clear and present danger.
The protection of the general welfare is the particular function of the police power which both restraints and is restrained by due process. The police power is simply defined as the power inherent in the State to regulate liberty and property for the promotion of the general welfare. 18 By reason of its function, it extends to all the great public needs and is described as the most pervasive, the least limitable and the most demanding of the three inherent powers of the State, far outpacing taxation and eminent domain. The individual, as a member of society, is hemmed in by the police power, which affects him even before he is born and follows him still after he is dead — from the womb to beyond the tomb — in practically everything he does or owns. Its reach is virtually limitless. It is a ubiquitous and often unwelcome intrusion. Even so, as long as the activity or the property has some relevance to the public welfare, its regulation under the police power is not only proper but necessary. And the justification is found in the venerable Latin maxims, Salus populi est suprema lex and Sic utere tuo ut alienum non laedas, which call for the subordination of individual interests to the benefit of the greater number.
It is this power that is now invoked by the government to justify Executive Order No. 626-A, amending the basic rule in Executive Order No. 626, prohibiting the slaughter of carabaos except under certain conditions. The original measure was issued for the reason, as expressed in one of its Whereases, that "present conditions demand that the carabaos and the buffaloes be conserved for the benefit of the small farmers who rely on them for energy needs." We affirm at the outset the need for such a measure. In the face of the worsening energy crisis and the increased dependence of our farms on these traditional beasts of burden, the government would have been remiss, indeed, if it had not taken steps to protect and preserve them. 
A similar prohibition was challenged in United States v. Toribio, 19 where a law regulating the registration, branding and slaughter of large cattle was claimed to be a deprivation of property without due process of law. The defendant had been convicted thereunder for having slaughtered his own carabao without the required permit, and he appealed to the Supreme Court. The conviction was affirmed. The law was sustained as a valid police measure to prevent the indiscriminate killing of carabaos, which were then badly needed by farmers. An epidemic had stricken many of these animals and the reduction of their number had resulted in an acute decline in agricultural output, which in turn had caused an incipient famine. Furthermore, because of the scarcity of the animals and the consequent increase in their price, cattle-rustling had spread alarmingly, necessitating more effective measures for the registration and branding of these animals. The Court held that the questioned statute was a valid exercise of the police power and declared in part as follows:
To justify the State in thus interposing its authority in behalf of the public, it must appear, first, that the interests of the public generally, as distinguished from those of a particular class, require such interference; and second, that the means are reasonably necessary for the accomplishment of the purpose, and not unduly oppressive upon individuals. ... 
From what has been said, we think it is clear that the enactment of the provisions of the statute under consideration was required by "the interests of the public generally, as distinguished from those of a particular class" and that the prohibition of the slaughter of carabaos for human consumption, so long as these animals are fit for agricultural work or draft purposes was a "reasonably necessary" limitation on private ownership, to protect the community from the loss of the services of such animals by their slaughter by improvident owners, tempted either by greed of momentary gain, or by a desire to enjoy the luxury of animal food, even when by so doing the productive power of the community may be measurably and dangerously affected.
In the light of the tests mentioned above, we hold with the Toribio Case that the carabao, as the poor man's tractor, so to speak, has a direct relevance to the public welfare and so is a lawful subject of Executive Order No. 626. The method chosen in the basic measure is also reasonably necessary for the purpose sought to be achieved and not unduly oppressive upon individuals, again following the above-cited doctrine. There is no doubt that by banning the slaughter of these animals except where they are at least seven years old if male and eleven years old if female upon issuance of the necessary permit, the executive order will be conserving those still fit for farm work or breeding and preventing their improvident depletion. 
But while conceding that the amendatory measure has the same lawful subject as the original executive order, we cannot say with equal certainty that it complies with the second requirement, viz., that there be a lawful method. We note that to strengthen the original measure, Executive Order No. 626-A imposes an absolute ban not on the slaughter of the carabaos but on their movement, providing that "no carabao regardless of age, sex, physical condition or purpose (sic) and no carabeef shall be transported from one province to another." The object of the prohibition escapes us. The reasonable connection between the means employed and the purpose sought to be achieved by the questioned measure is missing
We do not see how the prohibition of the inter-provincial transport of carabaos can prevent their indiscriminate slaughter, considering that they can be killed anywhere, with no less difficulty in one province than in another. Obviously, retaining the carabaos in one province will not prevent their slaughter there, any more than moving them to another province will make it easier to kill them there. As for the carabeef, the prohibition is made to apply to it as otherwise, so says executive order, it could be easily circumvented by simply killing the animal. Perhaps so. However, if the movement of the live animals for the purpose of preventing their slaughter cannot be prohibited, it should follow that there is no reason either to prohibit their transfer as, not to be flippant dead meat.
Even if a reasonable relation between the means and the end were to be assumed, we would still have to reckon with the sanction that the measure applies for violation of the prohibition. The penalty is outright confiscation of the carabao or carabeef being transported, to be meted out by the executive authorities, usually the police only. In the Toribio Case, the statute was sustained because the penalty prescribed was fine and imprisonment, to be imposed by the court after trial and conviction of the accused. Under the challenged measure, significantly, no such trial is prescribed, and the property being transported is immediately impounded by the police and declared, by the measure itself, as forfeited to the government.
In the instant case, the carabaos were arbitrarily confiscated by the police station commander, were returned to the petitioner only after he had filed a complaint for recovery and given a supersedeas bond of P12,000.00, which was ordered confiscated upon his failure to produce the carabaos when ordered by the trial court. The executive order defined the prohibition, convicted the petitioner and immediately imposed punishment, which was carried out forthright. The measure struck at once and pounced upon the petitioner without giving him a chance to be heard, thus denying him the centuries-old guaranty of elementary fair play.
It has already been remarked that there are occasions when notice and hearing may be validly dispensed with notwithstanding the usual requirement for these minimum guarantees of due process. It is also conceded that summary action may be validly taken in administrative proceedings as procedural due process is not necessarily judicial only. 20 In the exceptional cases accepted, however. there is a justification for the omission of the right to a previous hearing, to wit, the immediacy of the problem sought to be corrected and the urgency of the need to correct it.
In the case before us, there was no such pressure of time or action calling for the petitioner's peremptory treatment. The properties involved were not even inimical per se as to require their instant destruction. There certainly was no reason why the offense prohibited by the executive order should not have been proved first in a court of justice, with the accused being accorded all the rights safeguarded to him under the Constitution. Considering that, as we held in Pesigan v. Angeles, 21 Executive Order No. 626-A is penal in nature, the violation thereof should have been pronounced not by the police only but by a court of justice, which alone would have had the authority to impose the prescribed penalty, and only after trial and conviction of the accused.
We also mark, on top of all this, the questionable manner of the disposition of the confiscated property as prescribed in the questioned executive order. It is there authorized that the seized property shall "be distributed to charitable institutions and other similar institutions as the Chairman of the National Meat Inspection Commission may see fit, in the case of carabeef, and to deserving farmers through dispersal as the Director of Animal Industry may see fit, in the case of carabaos." (Emphasis supplied.) The phrase "may see fit" is an extremely generous and dangerous condition, if condition it is. It is laden with perilous opportunities for partiality and abuse, and even corruption. One searches in vain for the usual standard and the reasonable guidelines, or better still, the limitations that the said officers must observe when they make their distribution. There is none. Their options are apparently boundless. Who shall be the fortunate beneficiaries of their generosity and by what criteria shall they be chosen? Only the officers named can supply the answer, they and they alone may choose the grantee as they see fit, and in their own exclusive discretion. Definitely, there is here a "roving commission," a wide and sweeping authority that is not "canalized within banks that keep it from overflowing," in short, a clearly profligate and therefore invalid delegation of legislative powers.
To sum up then, we find that the challenged measure is an invalid exercise of the police power because the method employed to conserve the carabaos is not reasonably necessary to the purpose of the law and, worse, is unduly oppressive. Due process is violated because the owner of the property confiscated is denied the right to be heard in his defense and is immediately condemned and punished. The conferment on the administrative authorities of the power to adjudge the guilt of the supposed offender is a clear encroachment on judicial functions and militates against the doctrine of separation of powers. There is, finally, also an invalid delegation of legislative powers to the officers mentioned therein who are granted unlimited discretion in the distribution of the properties arbitrarily taken. For these reasons, we hereby declare Executive Order No. 626-A unconstitutional.
We agree with the respondent court, however, that the police station commander who confiscated the petitioner's carabaos is not liable in damages for enforcing the executive order in accordance with its mandate. The law was at that time presumptively valid, and it was his obligation, as a member of the police, to enforce it. It would have been impertinent of him, being a mere subordinate of the President, to declare the executive order unconstitutional and, on his own responsibility alone, refuse to execute it. Even the trial court, in fact, and the Court of Appeals itself did not feel they had the competence, for all their superior authority, to question the order we now annul.
The Court notes that if the petitioner had not seen fit to assert and protect his rights as he saw them, this case would never have reached us and the taking of his property under the challenged measure would have become a fait accompli despite its invalidity. We commend him for his spirit. Without the present challenge, the matter would have ended in that pump boat in Masbate and another violation of the Constitution, for all its obviousness, would have been perpetrated, allowed without protest, and soon forgotten in the limbo of relinquished rights.
The strength of democracy lies not in the rights it guarantees but in the courage of the people to invoke them whenever they are ignored or violated. Rights are but weapons on the wall if, like expensive tapestry, all they do is embellish and impress. Rights, as weapons, must be a promise of protection. They become truly meaningful, and fulfill the role assigned to them in the free society, if they are kept bright and sharp with use by those who are not afraid to assert them.
WHEREFORE, Executive Order No. 626-A is hereby declared unconstitutional. Except as affirmed above, the decision of the Court of Appeals is reversed. The supersedeas bond is cancelled and the amount thereof is ordered restored to the petitioner. No costs. 
SO ORDERED.
Teehankee, C.J., Yap, Fernan, Narvasa, Gutierrez, Jr., Paras, Gancayco, Padilla Bidin Sarmiento and Cortes, JJ., concur.
Melencio-Herrera and Feliciano, JJ., are on leave.

EMINENT DOMAIN

G.R. No. L-24740 July 30, 1979
REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES, plaintiff-appellee, 
vs.
CELESTINO C. JUAN and ANA TANSECO JUAN, defendants-appellants. 
Celestino C. Juan &, Associates for appellants. 
Solicitor General's Office for the appellee.
 
MAKASIAR, J.:1äwphï1.ñët
Appeal by defendants-appellants from the decision dated September 28, 1964 of the Court of First Instance of La Union in Civil Case No. 1835 for the expropriation of 338.7480 hectares of land owned by spouses Celestino C. Juan and Ana Tanseco as the site for the La Union Regional Agricultural School, directing the plaintiff Republic of the Philippines totêñ.£îhqwâ£
... pay the legal owners Celestino C. Juan and Ana Tanseco the amount of P190,000.00 which is the just and reasonable compensation that the Court rules in this case in favor of the defendants; and it appearing that on May 7, 1963, P100,000.00 had already been paid, it is therefore ordered that upon this decision becoming final the balance of P90,000.00 plus interest of 6% from May 4, 1963 shall be paid to defendants Celestino C. Juan and Ana Tanseco," aside from the costs of the suit.
Defendants-appellants are the registered owners of two (2) adjoining parcels of land located at Barrio Sapilang, Bacnotan, La Union with an aggregate area of 3,387,480 square meters or 338.7480 hectares, more or less, and covered by Original Certificate of Title No. 0-420 issued on April 14, 1959 (pp, 9-14, 46-47, ROA; Vol. 1, rec.). 
Pursuant to the authorization issued on March 15, 1963 by the President of the Philippines through the Executive Secretary (p 15, ROA), the Solicitor General filed on April 8, 1963 the complaint for expropriation of the aforesaid parcels of land to be used as the site of the La Union Agricultural School, which was to be established by authority of Republic Act 2692 (pp. 9-20, 43 ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
Before the institution of the expropriation proceedings Victor Luis, who was appointed principal of the proposed school, recommended the property of defendants as the school site. Thereafter, together with Mrs. Avelina L. Osias, he negotiated with the defendants for the purchase of their property (pp. 85-87, ROA, Vol. 1, rec.). On January 25, 1963, he wrote a letter to defendant Celestino Juan, thus:têñ.£îhqwâ£
... Feelers have come to you to inquire about the price that you would be willing to sell your land. Mrs, Pacita Gonzales and the undersigned came to you personally and you informed us verbally your least price of P170,000.00 which you explained to us is very reasonable.
May I request your kindness to confirm the above price in writing, as your offer as the selling price of your above-mentioned land in order that there will be an official record or basis in negotiating with authorities concerned in the purchase of your land as school site. (pp. 43-44, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
Defendant Celestino Juan replied on January 28, 1963.têñ.£îhqwâ£
... that the selling price of my land is P170,000.00 net to me exclusive of the amount of my obligation to the China Banking Corporation where the property is mortgaged. 
The condition of the sale is at least P90,000.00 down and the balance within a period of one (1) year. Title to the property will be transferred to you immediately provided that an annotation of the remaining balance of the price be accordingly made in the new title. 
I wish, however, to tell you that presently there are no less than 23 tenants in the land and they are harvesting or about to harvest their tobacco crops. In justice to them, they should be allowed to finish harvesting their crops before they are finally ejected. 
It is with deep regret that I cannot part with the land at a lesser price. There are 3 parties at least aside from you who are interested to buy the land. One of them is ready to sign the contract for a price of P200,000.00 payable in cash or at least a period of ten (10) days. This party, through an understanding with a certain bank can mortgage the property for P350,000.00. As you see, if the primary consideration is money alone, then, if I am a smart, I should mortgage the land myself. It should be noted, and I have all the records with me, that I have applied for a loan with the Development Bank of the Philippines in the amount of P4,102,000.00 principally to establish a dairy farm and mortgaging only as collateral the said land. From the conversation with said bank, it seems to me that the same would be favorably considered if not for P4,000,000.00 at least P1,000,000.00.
Kindly confirm your acceptance of the terms of this letter as I can hold the land for a period of ten (10) days. (pp. 382-384, ROA).
After receipt of the aforequoted letter, Mr. Luis consulted his office in Manila (p. 86, ROA, Vol. I, rec.) as well as the provincial officials of La Union and the municipal officials of Bacnotan (pp. 86,174, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
In an order dated April 15, 1963, the trial court authorized the Government to enter and take immediate possession of the property after depositing the amount of P90,793.70 with the provincial treasurer of La Union as provisional value (p. 20, ROA, Vol. I, rec.),
Defendants on April 24, 1963 filed their "Urgent Motion for Reconsideration and/or to Lift Writ of Possession" questioning among others, the propriety and correctness of Resolution No. 13, series of 1962, of the Provincial Appraisal Committee and pointing out that "the fair and reasonable market value ... should be at least fifty centavos (P0.50) per square meter of P5,000.00 per hectare" and prayed that the complaint for expropriation be dismissed for lack of jurisdiction; to set aside the order dated April 15, 1963 and instead order plaintiff to deposit the amount of P300,000.00 as provisional value; and to set aside the writ of possession dated April 16, 1963 until the court has decided the issue of jurisdiction and/or until plaintiff has deposited the amount of P300,000.00 as provisional value of the property (pp. 22-32, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). On the same date, the lower court lifted the writ of possession until further orders.
Acting on the aforesaid motion on April 26, 1963, the lower court found the expropriation proceedings in order and the provisional value made by the Provincial Appraisal Committee inadequate and ordered the plaintiff Republic of the Philippines to deposit the amount of P100,000.00 as provisional value until the true valuation of the lots can be determined in accordance with law and further directed "that for the best interest of the defendants whose improvements may be vandalized for lack of protection, let the writ be effected without prejudice to the final determination of the true value of the property to be determined in due course" and forthwith ordered the issuance of the writ of possession after the deposit by plaintiff of the amount of P100,000.00 is made (p. 45, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
On May 4, 1963, plaintiff Republic of the Philippines took possession and occupied the lots under expropriation (p. 86, ROA, Vol. I, rec.) and deposited on May 7, 1963 the amount of P100,000.00 which the appellants withdrew that same day.
On May 7, 1963, defendants filed two simultaneous pleadings: motion for reconsideration of the provisional value on the ground that the value fixed by the court is still inadequate; and a motion to dismiss which likewise embodied defendants' answer to the complaint for expropriation (pp. 46-66, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
In an order dated June 13, 1963, the court denied the motion to dismiss of defendants for lack of merit (p. 66, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
In order dated January 8, 1964, the trial court directed the condemnation of the property,têñ.£îhqwâ£
it appearing that the plaintiff has already deposited the amount of P100,000.00 the provisional value of the property sought to be condemned, which amount has already been withdrawn by the defendants and the property accordingly turned over to the Republic of the Philippines for the use of the La Union Agricultural School, ..." (pp. 66-67, ROA, emphasis supplied).
and appointed as commissioners of appraisal (1) Atty. Rogelio Balagot, for the lower court and as chairman; (2) Atty. Eufemio Molina, for the plaintiff; and (3) Atty. Pablito M. Rojas, for the defendants (pp. 4, 67-68, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
For a period of three days, these commissioners in the presence of the parties, conducted an extensive ocular inspection and physical investigation of the property, after which they held protracted hearings until June 2, 1964, wherein both parties were given full opportunity to present their respective positions with voluminous documentary and oral evidence (p. 4, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
On June 29, 1964, Atty. Eufemio Molina, commissioner for plaintiff, filed his report dated June 25, 1964 (pp. 69-78, ROA, Vol. I, rec.) recommendingtêñ.£îhqwâ£
... that the value of the land of defendants to be taken as the site of the La Union Agricultural School at Sapilang, Bacnotan, La Union, be fixed at P135,000.00. which amount is the meeting point between the government's offer of P100,000.00 and the defendants' price of P170,000.00. 
Atty. Pablito M. Rojas, commissioner for the defendants, in his report of July 13, 1964, recommendedtêñ.£îhqwâ£
... as the price of the land to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendants the amount of P1,407,856.00 the same to bear interest at the legal rate from the date of possession by the plaintiff to the date the amount is actually paid.
Commissioner Rogelio F. Balagot for the court and chairman recommended:têñ.£îhqwâ£
... that the just compensation to be paid the defendants landowners be the following:
Value of the Land......................................................................... P1,044,163.70
Value of Improvements.................................................................. 1,712.60
Total Amount................................................................ P1,045,876.30
That the balance of P945,876.30 (deducting P100,000.00, the amount paid as provisional value) earn legal interest (6%) until fully paid.
Defendants-appellants filed their objection to the reports of Commissioners Rojas, Balagot and Molina, claiming that the true value of the land is P1,736,208.32 or P1,693,740.00 (pp. 284, 374, ROA, Vol. 1. rec.).
On September 4, 1964, defendants filed a petition entitled "Petition to Submit Case for Decision" without any hearing on the reports (p. 378, ROA, Vol, I, rec.) 
On September 28, 1964, the lower court rendered its decision (pp. 380- 426, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
A motion for reconsideration was filed by defendants on October 26, 1964 (pp. 426-508, ROA. Vol. I, rec.), but the same was denied by the Court in an order dated May 10, 1965 (pp. 509-514, ROA. Vol. I, rec.).
I
Under their first assignment of error, appellants contend that the propriety of the expropriation and the manner in which it was conducted were in dispute throughout the proceedings in the trial court and that they never waived their objections thereto; that the conditions precedent as provided for by Executive Order No. 132, series of 1937, as amended, were not complied with, for no proper and valid negotiation to purchase the lots or to have it donated to the Government was undertaken by the State before the institution of the expropriation case in court; and that the resolution of the Appraisal Committee which was the basis of the amount alleged in the complaint as the fair market value of the lots to be expropriated was null and void, having been adopted contrary to legal requirements (pp. 24-46, Appellants' Brief: p. 11. Vol. II. rec.). The same points were raised by the appellants in their motion for reconsideration of the lower court's main decision and the trial court in its order of May 10, 1965 correctly overruled them, stating that:têñ.£îhqwâ£
Movants start by bringing to the front the alleged lack of negotiations between plaintiff and defendants for the acquisition of the 338 hectares belonging to the latter. Non-compliance with Executive Order No. 132 is mentioned repeatedly by the defendants as vitiating this case. It is even hinted that the best resolution for this case would be to dismiss it because plaintiff failed to comply with said Executive Order dictated in pre-war days. Plaintiff delivered to defendants through this Court P100,000.00 as part of the fair and just compensation that the defendants are entitled. On May 7, 1963, such amount was received by defendants and plaintiff started developing the area and constructing the buildings needed for the La Union Agricultural School. This school is now in operation; and it would certainly be the most disturbing step for the regularity of the functions of the Government to dismiss the case, compelling the plaintiff to remove all buildings in the land that once belonged to the defendants and return the property to them. Besides, interpreting with fair liberality the pre-war Executive Order No. 132, the court shall now state that for the purpose of negotiations with the land owners the letter of January 5, 1963 received by the defendants and the latter's reply of January 28, 1963 are clear and sufficient compliance with the tenor and spirit of said Executive Order. The court, therefore, rejects any request that this case having been filed without sufficient compliance with said administrative procedures the whole proceeding shall have to be dismissed. This cannot be done." (pp. 511-512, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
To begin with, it must be emphasized that plaintiff-appellee in this instant case is the Republic of the Philippines which is exercising its right of eminent domain inherent in it as a body sovereign. In the exercise of his sovereign right the state is not subject to any limitation other than those imposed by the Constitution which are: first, the taking must be for a public use; secondly, the payment of just compensation must be made; and thirdly, due process must be observed in the taking. Beyond these conditions, the exercise by the State of its right of eminent domain is subject to no restraint. Section 64(h) of the Revised Administrative Code confers upon the Chief Executive the power to determine when it is necessary or advantageous to exercise the power of eminent domain in behalf of the Republic of the Philippines and to direct the Solicitor General to cause the filing of the appropriate condemnation proceedings in court. By this grant, the executive authorities may then decide whether the power will be invoked and to what extent (see pp. 87-89, Political Law of the Philippines, Tañ;ada and Carreon, 1962 ed., citing Visayan Refining Co. v. Camus, 40 Phil. 550).
Appellants in making their first assignment of error are under the wrong impression that the provisions of Executive Order No. 132 are conditions precedent to the valid exercise of the State of its right of eminent domain. As a whole, Executive Order No. 132 is purely an administrative procedure confined within the executive department of the government designed merely to govern and regulate the taking of private properties for public use which may either be by voluntary sale or by donation in favor of the government. Nothing is provided in said executive order expressly or impliedly making the procedures therein enumerated as conditions precedent to the valid exercise by the government of the right of eminent domain by filing the proper action in court. As stated, Executive Order No. 132 was intended merely to govern the taking of private property short of judicial action either by purchase or donation. Being so, the same cannot limit or circumscribe the sovereign and inherent right of the State to expropriate private property through the Courts.
Moreover, there has been substantial compliance with the requirements of Executive Order No. 132; because negotiations for the purchase of the parcels were conducted between Victor Luis, the principal of the proposed agricultural school, and Mrs. Avelina L. Osias on one hand, and the defendants-appellants on the other, which did not result in a voluntary sale by the defendants-appellants for lack of agreement on the just compensation for the parcels. 
Paragraph (a) of Executive Order No. 132 provides that negotiations shall be conducted by the "Director of Public works, city or district engineer, or other officials concerned ... The last term can comprehend the principal of the proposed agricultural institution. 
Furthermore, the unqualified withdrawal by appellant of the amount of P100,000.00 deposited in court by the plaintiff as provisional value of the lots subject of expropriation, constituted recognition on their part of the right of the government to expropriate the lots, (Republic v. Pasicolan, May 31, 1961, 2 SCRA 626). 
If the unconditional withdrawal of the amount deposited as provisional value precludes the defendants-appellants from questioning the right of the plaintiff to expropriate, it must necessarily follow that said withdrawal also estops defendants-appellants from raising any objection to the manner and propriety of the exercise by the plaintiff of the right of expropriation (18 American Jurisprudence 634-635, Francisco's The Revised Rules of Court in the Philippines, Vol. IV-B, pp. 411-412). 
There can be no debate that due process was observed in the instant case. Likewise, education is public use or public purpose. Republic Act No. 2692 expressly authorizes the establishment of the La Union Regional Agricultural School within the Province of La Union and the acquisition of a suitable site therefor. The inadvertent omission of the term Regional in the complaint for expropriation could not nullify the expropriation of the lands of defendants-appellants. Such error in the complaint does not amend the law and can easily be corrected without affecting the validity of the proceedings.
II
The valuation of the lots must be fair and just, not only to the owner but also to the taxpayers who are to pay for it. Appellants are entitled to receive only the value of what they have been deprived of, and no more; because to award them less, would be unjust to them, and to award them more, would be unjust to the public (27 Am. Jur., 2nd s 266, footnote 17 pp. 52- 53).
The three commissioners appointed by the trial court to determine the fair market value of the lots did not reach a consensus as to the classification of the land, the allocation of areas as to each class, and the fair market value of each class of land. 
Commissioner Rogelio F. Balagot found and recommended as follows:
1. Irrigated Riceland 
70
P8,500.00
P595,000.00
2. Upland Rice
66
3,500.00
231,000.00
3. Orchard Land
52.0785
1,200.00
50,494.20
4. Pasture Land
90.6695
1,000.00
90,669.50
5. Forestland
70
1,000.00
77,000.00
TOTAL
338.7480 has.
 
1,044,163.70
and, after adding to the above amount the sum of P1,712.00, representing improvements, finally recommended the amount of P1,045,876.30 less P100,000.00 earlier withdrawn by appellants, to earn legal interest until fully paid (pp. 271-282, ROA, Vol. I, rec.) Commissioner Pablito M. Rojas appraised the land as follows:
Commissioner Pablito M. Rojas appraised the land as follows:
Land Classification
Total 
Market
Total
 
Hectares
Value sq. meter
Market Value
Irrigated Palay Land 
65.0000 
P1.00 
P650,000.00
Upland Palay 
66.0000 
0.30
198,000.00
Orchard 
38.0785 
25 
98,200.00
Pasture Land
95.6695 
10 
92,669.50
Forestry Compound
8.0000 
30
95,000.00
Forest Land 
65.0000 
15
97,500.00
Barrio Compound 
4.0000 
.50
20,000.00
TOTAL
338.7480
 
1,171,369.50
and after considering some factors, like the fact that the lots are titled, said commissioner finally recommended "the amount of P1,407,856.00, the same to bear interest at the legal rate from the date of possession by the plaintiff to the date the amount is actually paid" (pp. 160-166, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
Commissioner Eufemio Molina adopted the following classification and allocation:têñ.£îhqwâ£
(a) With respect to Lot No. 1 (Exh. "B"), into —têñ.£îhqwâ£
1. Unirrigated riceland with an area of 120,000 sq. meters.
2. Upland rice with an area of 85,000 sq. meters. 
3. Pasture land with area of 2,801,695 sq. meters.
(b) With respect to Lot No. 2 (Exh. 'B-l') , into-têñ.£îhqwâ£
1. Unirrigated riceland with an area of 120,000 sq. meters,
2. Upland rice with an area of 85,000 sq. meters.
3. Pasture land with an area of 175,785 sq. meters.
and making a mass valuation of the entire two lots, recommended the amount of P135,000.00 by taking into consideration the amount which to him is the price the government is willing to pay: P100,000.00 (actually the provisional value deposited by the government to take possession of the lots); P170,000.00 which according to him is the amount for which the defendants are willing to part with their lots (actually P190,000.00 including the bank mortgage liability of the land) and also the fact that the lots in question were acquired by tile defendants in 1957 for the amount of only P50,000.00 fro 'm Felipe Nebrija and his children (pp, 71- 78, ROA, Vol. 1, rec.).
Before the filing of the complaint, a Provincial Appraisal Committee composed of Provincial Assessor Ramon Zandueta as chairman, and as members, Provincial Highway District Engineer( Oscar Data and Provincial Auditor Gabino Ferrer, was constituted. On November 16, 1962, this committee conducted an ocular inspection of the property, and on the same day, submitted its Resolution No. 13, Exhibit A, which classified defendant's property as follows:têñ.£îhqwâ£
60 hectares riceland at P800.00 per hectare .I................. P48,000.00 
278.7480 hectares pasture land at P150.00 per hectare ...41,812.20têñ.£îhqwâ£
TOTAL................................................................ 189,812.20
(p. 135, ROA, Vol. I. rec.). The aforesaid resolution was rejected as having been done in haste (pp. 135-136, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). 
According to Provincial Assessor Zandueta, the amount of P89,812.20 is the assessed value of the property, which assessed value is the appraised value in expropriation cases (p. 141, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
La Union Agriculturist Pio A. Tadina was requested by Provincial Assessor Ramon Zandueta to appraise the property. Pursuant to said request, Mr. Tadina went to the property thrice and thereafter submitted his classification and valuation, as follows:
1. 40 hectares riceland
P60,000.00
P200,000.00
2. 20 hectares riceland
20,000.00
60,000.00
3. 80 hectares pasture land
40,000.00
80,000.00
4. 120 hectares fruit trees
60,000.00
120,000.00
5. 72 hectares 2nd growth forest
78,000.00
156,000.00
TOTAL
P258,000.00
P616,000.00
(p. 145, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
When the complaint was filed, the improvements on the property consisted of the following:
20 mango (bearing) P30 ea.
P800.00
21 coconut (bearing) P5 ea.
105.00
4 coconut (non-bearing) P2 ea.
8.00
4 caimito (star apple) P8 ea.
32.00
2 Chesa P5 ea.
10.00
4 Kasuy P2 ea.
8.00
12 bamboos (heavy) P0.30 ea.
3.60
1 bamboo (light) P0.10 ea.
0.10
1 breadfruit P5 ea.
5.00
1 jackfruit P4 ea.
4.00
1 guayabano P1 ea.
1.00
6 orange (non-bearing) P1 ea.
6.00
TOTAL
P982.70
(pp. 16-17, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
Mr. Luis Victor, principal of the La Union Regional Agricultural School, testified that there were around 30 fruit-bearing mango trees, once coconut fruit-bearing trees and banana plants (p. 139, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
Both Attys. Pablito M. Rojas and Rogelio Balagot, commissioners representing respectively the defendants-appellants and the trial court, agreed that the value of the improvements on the property was then P1,712.60 (pp. 163, 280-281, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).têñ.£îhqwâ£
... Starting from the town proper of Bacnotan, one can reach the property by passing through the barrios of Cabaroan, Sayoan, Salincob, Casiaman and finally Sapilang. The place is about 2.5 kilometers north of the Poblacion along the National Highway up to the so-called Cabaroan junction. From this junction is about a 2-kilometer feeder road going eastward. And from this lateral road is an unsurfaced road of approximately 1.5 kilometers leading to the site of the Agricutural School. However, before the school took possession of the land on May 4, 1963, the place was not accessible at all by any motor vehicles, and that the only means was to hike over rice paddies, trails and creeks.
Topographically, the property of defendant is situated on a high elevation. It consists of mountains and hills forming a semi-circle, and sloping on the sides towards an elongated portion or valley like depression which is level and developed into ridefields. Because of its high elevation or location, the climate of the place is healthful, temperate and especially invigorating when one is near or within the vicinity of the waterfall or spring. The climate is of the kind which the Weather Bureau would call the Type I climate; that is, the place has two distinct seasons, a dry season from December to June, when there are light rains or no rains at all and wet season, from June to December, when rains are abundant, heavy and frequent. The soil to the place is good. It has a luxurient vegetation.
The property as per Original Certificate of Title No. 0-420 (Exh. '9-f') is divided into 2 lots; Lot No. 1 has an area of 3,006,695 square meters and covered by Tax Declaration No. 33043 (Exh. 'b'); and Lot No. 2 which is under Tax Declaration No. 33043 (Exh. 'B-l') has an area of 380,785 square meters, making a total land area of 338,7480 hectares, with an assessed value of P42,120.00.
Aside from the waterfall or spring within the property, there are also fruit trees, scattered bamboo groves, banana trees in patches, forest area, upland and pasture land. The bamboo and banana lands, however, cannot properly be considered as such because the land upon which they grow is not planted principally for such growth. The improvements on the forestry area have been introduced by the government, notably the Reforestation Administration of the Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources. (Exh "D" and Exh. "I"). The other improvements on the land have been itemized in the complaint filed before the Court. (pp. 69-71, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
The foregoing findings do not appear to be disputed.
Defendant-appellant Celestino Juan himself, stated in his letter of January 28, 1963 that his property is worth P190,000.00 (including his bank loan), which he later increased to P300,000.00 in his motion for reconsideration filed on April 24, 1963. It should be recalled that over three months earlier, appellant Celestino Juan, in his letter dated January 2, 1963 to the Provincial Appraisal Committee, evaluated his property at approximately P329,374.00, stating that he spent P15,000.00 for survey P5,000.00 for registration and P20,000.00 for bulldozing and levelling; that 60 hectares are first class which should be worth P3,000.00 per hectare; and that the remaining portion of 278.748 hectares should command at least P500.00 per hectare (pp. 35-37, ROA, Vol. I. rec.). 
The last evaluation in the amount of P300,000.00 judicially given by the defendants-appellants is a declaration and admission binding on them (Sec. 22, Rule 130, Revised Rules of Court), there being no showing that they were laboring under an error of fact. No compelling reason has been advanced to justify their being relieved from the binding effects of such admission. As We ruled in the Republic of the Philippines versus Narciso [99 Phil. 1031 (1956)], "the owners' valuation of the property may not be binding on the Government or the Court, but it should at least set a ceiling price for the compensation to be awarded. Moreover, the prices to be considered are those at the beginning of the expropriation, not the increased values brought about by the improvements and actuations of the Government after occupying the premises" (Re-affirmed in R.P. v. PNB, April 12,1961, 1 SCRA 957-963). 
When the defendants-appellants withdrew in 1963 the P100,000.00 deposited by the government, they already obtained a clear profit of P10,000.00 on their alleged investment of P90,000.00 consisting of P50,000.00, the price they allegedly paid for the property in 1957, and P40,000.00 allegedly representing expenses for levelling, surveying and securing their Torrens title of the property from 1957 to 1959. The balance of P392,000.00 — consisting of P200,000.00 and interest of P192,000.00 at 6% annually for 16 years from May 4, 1963 to 1979 — is all profit, even during times of inflation. From 1957 until May 4, 1963, when the government took possession of the property, the defendants-appellants paid realty taxes on the basis of their tax assessment of only P42,120.00 (P89,812.20 according to Provincial Assessor Zandueta [p. 141, ROA, Vol. I, rec.]). Atty. Pablito M. Roxas and Atty. Rogelio Balago, appraisal commissioners respectively for appellants and the trial court, conceded that the value of the improvements was only P1,712.00 in 1963. To give them more than a million pesos — about P1,111,360.00 — on the basis of the appraisal of P616,000.00 by provincial agriculturist Pio Tadina, including interest for 16 years at 6% per annum, would be to mulct the tax-paying public, as the said amount is over ten times or over 1000% on their alleged original investment of P90,000.00 from 1957, to 1959. Precisely, in their reply dated January 28, 1963, their selling price was only P170,000.00 net to them, exclusive of their bank debt of P20,000.00.
The appraisal of Provincial Agriculturist Pio Tadina, Chief Agricultural Appraiser Rafael T. David of the DBP, Commissioner Balagot and Commissioner Rojas, respectively, in the amount of P616,000.000, P1,006,400.00, P1,044,163.70, and P1,171,369.50, is patently extravagant, considering that the property was bough in 1957 (1956 as claimed by appellants [pp. 112, 126, Appellants' Brie])) for P50,000.00 only and the value of the improvements did not exceed P1,712.60 as of May 4, 1963, when the government took possession. It is doubtful that the property would increase in value over 6 times or over 10 times or by over 600% or over 1,000% in six years, from 1957 to 1963, with the expenses for surviving, securing the Torrens title over and bulldozing said property amounting to not more than P40,000.00, already included in the computation (p. 36, ROA, Vol.. I, rec.). 
It should be emphasized that the property is about 6 kilometers from the poblaciosion of Bacnotan; that on May 4, 1963, when the government took possession of the same, it was not accessible at all by any motor vehicle and can only be reached by hiking through rice paddies, trails; and creeks; that it was not fully developed: and that it was then assessed at P42,120.00 (P89,812.20 according to Provincial Assessor Zandueta), although it has a waterfall or- spring, 
According to Commissioner Molina, the property has 24 hectares of Unirrigated rice land and 17 hectares dedicated to upland rice with the greater portion of 297.748 hectares as pasture land (pp, 71-72, ROA, Vol. I, rec.). Pio Tadina reported that 60 hectares are riceland, 80 hectares pasture land 120 hectares with fruit trees and 78 hectares second growth forest (p. 146, ROA, Vol. I. rec.). According to Rafael 'I. David,, who was requested by appellant Juan to make an appraisal (p. 145, ROA, Vol. I. rec.), 70 hectares are riceland, 66 hectares for upland rice, 38.0785 hectares for orchard, 90.6695 hectares pasture land, 5 hectares forestry compound, 65 hectares forest land and 4 hectares barrio compound (p. 150, ROA, Vol. I, rec.).
Even under the classification of Commissioners Balagot and Rojas, as aforestated, about 50% of the property is not improved by man nor dedicated to agriculture, for about 95 hectares are pasture land and 70 hectares are forest land.
The sales of farm lots in the vicinity of the property in question from April, 1959 to May 14, 1962 (pp. 74-75, 152-153, 156-157, ROA, Vol. I, rec.), do not provide an adequate basis for appraisal of the property of defendants-appellants; because such sales involved very small developed areas of less than a hectare each, which small lots usually command better prices within the reach f the ordinary buyer. The instant case involves the condemnation of over 338 hectares.
III
It is argued that appellants judicial admission of P300,000.00 as the provisional value of their lots, should not bind them, because said admission refers only to the provisional value of the said lots and not as an admission of the actual - fair and just - value of the lots. The provisional value fixed by the Court pursuant to Section 2 of Rule 67 of the Rules of Court, is the provisional value that does not bind the land-owners. But when the landowner himself fixes the provisional value, he should abide thereby in obedience to the rule that admissions in pleadings bind the party making them. 
Section 2 of Rule 67, New Rules of Court reads:têñ.£îhqwâ£
Entry of plaintiff upon depositing value with the National or Provincial Treasurer — Upon the filing of the complaint or at any time thereafter the plaintiff shall have the right to take or enter upon the possession of the real or personal property involved if he deposits with the National or Provincial Treasurer its value, as provisionality and promptly ascertained and fixed by the Court having jurisdiction of the proceedings, to be held by such treasurer subject to the orders and final disposition o)f the court...
Rule 69, Section 3 of the Old Rules of Court under which the present case was filed contained a similar provision. (See also Visayan Refining Co. v. Camus. 40 Phil. 550-556 [1919] and Manila Railroad Co. v. Paredes (31 Phil. 118-142 [1915]). 
For emphasis, We repeat that the price of P300,000.00 was the provisional value fixed not by the trial court, but by the defendants-appellants as owners in their motion for reconsideration filed on April 24, 1963. The provisional value fixed by the trial court in its order of April 15, 1963, was only P90,793.70, the reconsideration of which the owners sought from the trial court. In its order of April 26, 1963, the trial court fixed the provisional value of P100,000.00. The trial court, in its challenged decision of September 28, 1964, finally fixed the value at P190,000.00, which is still more than double the alleged capital investment of P90,000.00 allegedly paid by the owners for the purchase of the property, levelling and expenses for survey and titling of the property from 1957 to 1959. In his own letter of January 28, 1963, where he fixed his selling price at P170,000.00 net to him (plus P20,000.00 bank mortgage on the property), defendant-appellant Celestino, Juan stated that the best offer he had for the property was only P200,000.00. 
While it may be true that the value provisionally fixed by the trial court "... does not necessarily represent the true and correct value of the land ..." it is equally true that the said amount provisionally fixed may yet turn out to be the true and correct value of the lots approximating the "just compensation" requirement of the Constitution. In fact, the same may also turn out to be more than the true and correct value of the property condemned by the government (see 27 AM JUR 2nd 111, footnote 16). 
Furthermore, it can be justifiably inferred that when appellants themselves proposed on April 24, 1963 the amount of P300,000.00 as the provisional value of their lots, they were referring actually to the highest value their lots could command at that time, notwithstanding their very speculative and extravagant claim in the same pleading (where they made the P300,000.00 proposal) that the "fair market value of (the) property should at least be fifty centavos . . per square meter or P5,000.00 per hectare. 
Consider the following circumstances: têñ.£îhqwâ£
1. In his reply dated January 28,1963 to the letter of Mr. Victor Luis, appellant Juan stated that the selling price of his land was "P170,000.00 net to me exclusive of the amount of my obligation to the China Banking Corporation where the property is mortgaged", or P190,000.00 including the mortgaged debt of P20,000.00 (pp. 382-384, ROA).
2. Appellants-spouses acquired the lots in 1956 (as claimed by appellants) or 1957 (as stated in the decision of the trial court) from Felipe Nebrija and his children for only P50,000.00. 
3. The lots in question were taxed on the basis of an assessment of only P42,120.00. 
4. In his letter dated January 2, 1963 to the Provincial Appraisal Committee, appellant Celestino Juan evaluated his lots at approximately P319,374.00. 
As a matter of fact, appellant should be bound by his P190,000.00 admission. In the light of the above-mentioned circumstances, the said amount of P190,000.00 is already just and reasonable. 
Appellants' claim that they were forced to make the P190,000.00 offer because they were then under a pressing need for money to defray expenses in connection with certain criminal case involving appellant Ana to settle said cases, can hardly invite belief; because (1) appellant Celestino Juan did not aver this alleged urgent need for money in his letter of January 28, 1963, and (2) notwithstanding appellant Juan's claim in that same letter of January 28, 1963 that an interested buyer of the said lots was "ready to sign the contract for a price of P200,000.00 payable in cash or at least a period of ten (10) days," appellant did not dispose of the same to said interested buyer, despite the lapse of ten days — during which he could have had the money — from the receipt by Victor Luis of said letter. Moreover, the same letter belies his alleged dire need for money to settle the alleged criminal cases against his wife for he stated therein that he had then a pending DBP loan application for P4,102,000.00 for a dairy farm, and that by reason of his connection with DBP officials, his application would be favorably considered for P1,000,000.00 with the expropriated property as collateral together with the dairy farm equipment, facilities and stock. 
Being a lawyer, appellant Celestino Juan knew that the reputation of his wife and for that matter his family would be better protected and preserved by her acquittal after trial than by settlement of the case (see pp. 107-108, Appellants' brief). Compromise of a criminal case, other than a private offense, does not remove the criminal liability and the concomitant stigma. Settlement of a criminal case, unlike acquittal, will not stop the people from talking about the guilt of the accused therein. 
Of course "judicial or non-judicial admissions made by condemnees as to the value of their properties that are to be expropriated should not be deemed conclusive if such admitted value be unjust, because the Constitution imperatively requires the payment of 'just compensation'". But in the instant case, it could hardly be said that the amount of P300,000.00 is unjust to the appellants. The delay in the payment is compensated by the liability for 6% .interest per annum, covering sixteen (16) years — from 1963 to 1979 — on the balance of P200,000.00 (on May 7, 1963, appellants withdrew the P100,000.00 deposit) amounting to P192,000.00. The total balance due appellants would be P392,000.00. The total payment to them then would be P492,000.00. Beyond this price, the value would be excessive and unjust to the State and the taxpayer (27 Am. Jur. 2d 52-53 § 266, footnote 17). 
It must be pointed out that the most reliable pieces of evidence in the records relative to the just compensation to be paid herein appellants are those hereinbefore enumerated, namely, appellants' own evaluation in 1963, the acquisition cost the tax assessment. This is so because the Committee failed to arrive at an acceptable valuation, not to mention the fact that the individual reports of the commissioners of the Appraisal Committee did not undergo the indispensable requirement of hearing before the trial court. It must be herein stressed that almost all the evidence enumerated earlier are in the nature of admissions by the owner, which kind of evidence under existing jurisprudence occupies a preferred position in the realm of proof of just compensation and valuation in eminent domain. 
Even the purchase price of P50,000.00 paid in 1956 or 1957 by appellants for the lots sought to be condemned in 1963 is generally held admissible as evidence of the lots' fair market value, unless such purchase is too remote in point of time from the condemnation proceedings or more special consideration induced the sale at less than the true market value (29-A C.J.S. 1203-04). 
Similarly, the assessed valuation of land made by tax assessors when required by the law, and the owner's own valuation may be considered together with other proofs in the determination of the just value of the lots condemned (29-A C.J.S. 1201-1202). 
As aforestated, appellants paid realty taxes on the property on the basis of an assessed valuation of only P42,120.00, with improvements worth only P1,712.00. On January 28, 1963, appellants' offer was P190,000.00, then P300,000.00 on April 24, 1963, as provisional value, after extravagantly claiming that the property is worth the fantabulous price of at least P5,000.00 per hectare or a total of P1,693,040.00. Not even the irrigated rice lands along the national highway in Nueva Ecija, the home province of appellants, could command that price to P5,000.00 per hectare in 1963. And the lands in the case at bar are in La Union, hilly, and away from the national highway without direct access to any feeder road. 
In our jurisdiction, the statement of the value of his property by the owner in the tax declaration shall, since 1940 under C.A. No. 530, constitute prima facie evidence of the real value of the property in expropriation proceedings by the Government and its instrumentalities. 
In short, it could therefore be said — taking into consideration the acquisition cost of P50,000.00 in 1956 or 1957 of the lots subject matter of the case, the alleged cost of P40,000.00 for levelling, surveying and titling thereof from 1957 to 1959, the assessed value as well as the tax declarations of the appellants with respect to these lots of only P42,120.00, the improvements worth P1,712.00 in 1963, and the several admissions or estimates made by the appellants with respect to the value of the lots ranging from P190,000.00 to P319.374.00 to P300,000.00 to P1,693,040.00 (P5,000.00 per hectare)—that the amount of P300,000.00 is just to appellants, not to mention that in addition to said amount a considerable interest of P192,000.00 for 16 years (1963-1979) would be paid on the unpaid balance of P200,000.00 from May 4, 1963 by the Government, or a grand total of P492.000.00, which is over five (5) times or over 500% their capital investment of P90,000.00 from 1956 to 1959. Anything beyond this amount is grossly excessive and patently unjust to the government and the taxpaying public (29 Am. Jur.2d 52-53 § 266, footnote 17).
It cannot be seriously claimed by appellants that the declarations of value of the lots in Exhibits B and B-1 were not made by them (pp. 346-347, ROA), considering that said tax declarations were made only after the title over the lots was obtained by appellants. Exhibits B and B-1 clearly indicate that appellants and no one else made the said declarations (p. 182, ROA).
Likewise, the valuation of Agriculturist Tadina should not be accorded too much weight for the following reasons: têñ.£îhqwâ£
1. His valuation report is based purely on his own estimate and opinion: hence in his letter to Atty. Ramon Zandueta which embodied his evaluation, he therein stated that "... You will note hereunder the technical analysis of the undersigned with regards to the area under consideration as a personal opinion ..." 
2. The factors he considered in evaluating the lots in question could hardly justify this valuation in the amount of P616,000.00. Hence: "The 80 hectares of pasture land if properly grazed and managed is capable of maintaining no less than 400 heads of cattle. The 120 hectares of fruit trees is suitably adapted to cacao, coffee, bananas, mangoes. pineapple, citrus, avocado, rambutan, lanzones, The 78 second growth forest if only planted to "alnos Mirando" a Japanese kind of forest tree will also increase the volume of spring water for irrigation purposes ... The second growth forest land has been evaluated higher than the pasture and fruit tree lands because forest lands do not only conserve soil erosion and soil fertility but also provide organic matter for the irrigated riceland. It will also conserve and promote the development of spring besides the value of the, trees and other forest by-products which are now available as sources of income (pp.39-42,ROA). 
3. Tadina is not "an experienced and competent appraiser" in the field of eminent domain or expropriation cases. When cross-examined by the Fiscal of the Province of La Union, he declared that the appraisal he made for the property in Damortis, La Union, and that in Aringay was only with respect to its adaptability and suitability for agriculture and not for purposes of determining the fair and reasonable value (tsn, pp. 505-506, pp. 201, 202, ROA; see also pp. 108-109. ROA). His appointment as Chairman of the Appraisal Committee for public lands in La Union did not qualify him as an "experienced and competent appraiser" in expropriation cases; because lands involved therein are public lands and the appraisal or determination of the fair market value of said lots are not for purposes of expropriation cases (p. 202, ROA). Neither would his participation in the Poro Point expropriation add to his qualifications as an appraiser in expropriation cases, because he was merely therein consulted (p. 202. ROA).
4. His classifications were made by estimates and not by actual measurements (tsn, p. 514; p. 204, ROA). 
That the land "had potential for conversion into subdivision" should not be considered in the valuation of the lots in question; because (1) the records of the case do not show conclusive evidence as to the subdivision potentiality of the lots; and (2) as held in Manila Electric Co. v. Tuason, "agricultural land should be appraised as such and not as potential building site" (60 Phil. 663 [1934], reiterated in the case of The Municipal Government of Sagay v. Jison, et al., 104 Phil. 1026, 1033 [1958]).
Republic vs. Castelvi lends no support to appellants' position; because in the Castelvi case, there was a finding by this Court that "... the lands in question had ceased to be devoted to the production of agricultural crops, that they had become adaptable for residential purposes, and that the appellees had actually taken steps to convert their lands into residential subdivisions even before the Republic filed the complaint for eminent domain (p. 355, 58 SCRA). 
As already noted above, the individual valuations made by the three commissioners are of little value, if at all; because the same were irregularly prepared, not to mention the fact that the same were not subjected to the indispensable hearing requirement before the trial court — wherein the commissioners could have been cross-examined on their respective reports, the bases thereof, how they reached their conclusions, and their qualifications, and related matters-vital to the credibility, or lack of it, of their valuations.
It is urged that, because the value of the peso at the time of the taking in 1963 by the government of the lots of appellants and the value of the peso today when the just compensation to be awarded to appellants is to be paid, are no longer the same, this factor should be considered in the determination of the final award to be given; and that even if WE consider appellants as having judicially admitted the amount of P300,000.00 as the price of their property, the doubling of this sum at this time is justified. 
Actually, under this proposition, the amount to be doubled shou1d only be the balance of P200,000.00, for appellants had ,withdrawn and made use of the P100,000.00 deposited by the government at the inception of this case.
It is of course true that the value of the peso in 1963 and at present is no longer the same. But this does not justify US in considering that factor nor in doubling the amount judicially admitted by appellants; because such contingency is already well-taken care of by the interest to be awarded to appellants. For that is the true role or nature of interest in expropriation cases; because said interest is not contractual in nature nor based on delict or quasi-delict, but one that "runs as a matter of law and follows as a matter of course from the right of the landowner to be placed in as good a position as money can accomplish, as of the date of the taking" (30 CJS 230). Stated otherwise: "Where the payment of compensation does not accompany the taking of property for public use but is postponed to a later date, the owner of the property is ordinarily entitled to the award of an additional sum which will compensate for delay (cases cited) or which will, in other words, produce the full equivalent of the value of the property paid contemporaneously with the taking" (29-A CJS 762). Under this view, the interest awarded is deemed part of the just compensation required to be paid to the owner (27 Am. Jur, 112). This appears to be prevailing view in the United States. As aptly and clearly explained in one American case:têñ.£îhqwâ£
Article 1 § 18 of the Constitution of the State of Oregon, provides in part as follow: 'Private Property shall not be taken for public use ... without just cornpansation.' The Fifth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States contains substantially the same provision, 'nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.' In construing this Identical language of the Federal Constitution the Supreme Court of the United States holds as follows: lt is settled by the decision of this court that just compensation is the value of the property taken at the time of the taking (citing cases). And, if the taking precedes the payment of compensation, the owner is entitled to such addition to the value at the time of the taking as will produce the full equivalent of such value paid contemporaneously. Interest at a proper rate is a good measure of the amount to be added' (numerous cases cited omitted). In these cases and others, the proper rate of interest is held to be the legal rate of interest prevailing in the jurisdiction where the land is located. The Supreme Court of West Virginia holds on the authority of these decisions and also of Dohany vs. Rogers, 281, U.S. 362, 50 SGt. 299. 74 L.Ed 904, 68 ALR434, that denial of the right of interest would be a violation of the fourteenth Amendment to the Federal Constitution, Simons v. Dillon, 119 W. VA 284,193 S.E. 331, 113 A.L.R. 787. The following texts are authority for the allowance of such interest as part of the damages sustained by the owner of the land. Nichols on Eminent Domain 653, § 216 (3d ed.); Lewis, Eminent Domain (3d ed.) 1320, § 742; 18 AM JUR., Eminent Domain, § 272 [State vs. Deal, 233 P 2d 242, 251-252, emphasis supplied]. 
This view is also well-discussed by JAHR in his book, Eminent Domain — Valuation and Procedure (1953 ed.), Chapter XXVIII — Payment of Compensation, pp. 286-301; and by ORGEL in his book, Valuation Under Eminent Domain, Vol. I (1953 ed.) on the subject of interest as part of just compensation and as a penalty for delay in payment (Sec. 5, pp. 19-33). 
In this jurisdiction, a study of the cases decided by this Court with respect to the award of interest to the condemnee where there is a gap of time between the taking and the payment, shows that We tend to follow the view just discussed. The first case-it would appear-where the question of interest arose in this jurisdiction was the Philippine Railway Co. vs. Solon, February 20, 1909, 13 Phil. 35-45. The two issues taken there in connection with interest were: (1) From what time should interest be reckoned, from time of the taking possession of the property by the government or from judgment of the trial court; and (2) whether on appeal, appellant-condemnee is entitled to interest during the pendency of the appeal. In disposing of the issues, the Court, relving heavily on American jurisprudence, appears to treat interest as part of just compensation and as an additional amount sufficient to place the owner "in as good a position as money can accomplish, as of the date of the taking." Thus, the Court declared: têñ.£îhqwâ£
It remains to consider what interest the defendant is entitled to from named date. It appears from the record that thecompany opposed the confirmation of the award. Its objections were so far successful that the court reduced the amount awarded by the commissioners. The owner was compelled to appeal and in his appeal has been so far successful as to reverse the action of the the court below. Under these circumstances we think he is entitled to interest on the award until the final determination of this proceeding. What the result would be if he had failed in his appeal, we do not decide. The interest thus allowed will be interest upon the amount awarded by the commissioners from the 2nd day of February, 1907, until payment (13 Phil. 40-44, emphasis supplied).
The Solon case thereafter became the basis of award of interest on expropriation cases like Philippine Railway v. Duran, 33 Phil. 159 [1916]; Manila Railroad Co. v. Alano, 36 Phil. 501 [1917]; Manila Railroad Co. v. Attorney General, 41 Phil. 177 [1920]; Alejo v. Provincial Government of Cavite, 54 Phil. 304 1930]; Tayabas v. Perez, 66 Phil. 470 [1938]; Republic v. Gonzales, 94 Phil. 957 [1954]; Republic v. Lara, 96 Phil. 172 [1954]; Phil. Executive Commission v. Estacio, 98 Phil. 219 [1956]; Republic of the Philippines v. Deleste, 46 al., 99 Phil. 1035 [1956] Republic v. Garcellano, 103 Phil. 237 [1958]; Yaptinchay, 108 Phil. 1053 [1960]; Republic v. Tayengco, 19 SCRA 900 [1967],and many others, until the matter of payment of interest became an established part of every case where taking and payment were not contemporaneously made. 
And finally, We confirmed our adherence to the prevailing view in the United States when in the case of Urtula vs. Republic, January 31, 1968, 222 SCRA 477, 480), We declared, through Mr. Justice J.B.L. Reyes, that: têñ.£îhqwâ£
... Said interest is not contractual, nor based on delict or quasi-delict, but one that— têñ.£îhqwâ£
runs as a matter of law and follows as a matter of course from the right of the landowner to be placed in as good a position as money can accomplish, as of the date of the taking'" (C.J.S. 230; see also Castelvi case, supra, and Republic v. Nable-Lichauco, 14 SCRA 682). 
In this connection, it must be pointed out that the judicial notice taken by this Court in the Castelvi case (supra, 363) "... of the fact that the value of the Philippine peso has considerably gone down since the year 1959," was premised not on the par value of the peso to the dollar, but on the dollarpeso exchange rates at the time of the taking of the lots and at the time of the payment thereof. 
In the case of Manuel & Co. vs. CB (38 SCRA. 533-542 [1971]), We distinguished between par value of the peso and the dollar-peso exchange rate. The par value of the peso to the dollar-two pesos to one dollar-is fixed by law and remains intact (see 48, R.A. 265, 1948; Sec. 6, CA No. 699, 1945). Hence, while there was a change of the exchange rate, the par value of the peso as established by law remains unchanged.
Such par value can only be altered by the President of the Philippines upon proposal of the Monetary Board with five members concurring and approved by Congress (Sec. 49[3] RA No. 265). 
On the other hand, the rate of exchange or exchange rate is the "price, or the indication of the price, at which one can sell or buy with one's own domestic currency a foreign currency unit. Normally, the rate is deterniined by the law of supply and demand for a particular currency" (38 SCRA 533-542).
It is submitted that the Castelvi doctrine on the value of our peso is of doubtful legality, considered in the context of the Central Bank case, above discussed. In effect, the Castelvi ruling has devalued our peso; a case of devaluation by judicial fiat.
In the light of the foregoing, the de facto devaluation of our peso should not be taken into account in the final determination of the value of the lots, subject matter of the case.
In the 1970 case of Dizon-Rivera v. Dizon (33 SCRA 554-557 [1970]), WE ruled against appellants and held that the decrease in the purchasing value of the Philippine peso provides no legal basis or justification for completing their legitime with real properties of the estate instead of being paid in cash, reasoning thus: têñ.£îhqwâ£
Neither may the appellants legally insist on their legitime being completed with real properties of the estate instead of being paid in cash, per the approved project of partition. The properties are not available for the purpose, as the testatrix had specifically partitioned and distributed them to her heirs, and the heirs are called upon, as far as feasible to comply with and give effect to the intention of the testatrix as solemnized in her will, by implementing her manifest wish of transmitting the real properties intact to her named beneficiaries, principally the executrix-appellee. The appraisal report of the properties of the estate as filed by the commissioner appointed by the lower court was approved in toto upon joint petition of the parties, and hence, there cannot be said to be any question-and none is presented-as to fairness of the valuation thereof or that the legitimate of the heirs in terms of cash has been understated. The plaint of oppositors that the purchasing value of the Philippine peso has greatly declined since the testatrix death in January, 1961 provides no legal basis of justification for overturning the wishes and intent of the testatrix. The transmission of rights to the succession are transmitted from the moment of death of the decedent (Article 777, and accordingly, the value thereof must be reckoned as of then, as otherwise, estates would never be settled if there were to be a revaluation with every subsequent flucluation in the values of the currency and properties of the estate. There is evidence in the record that prior to November 25, 1964, one of the oppositors, Bernardita, accepted the suin of P50,000.00 on account of her inheritance, which, per the parties' manifestation, "does not in any way affect the adjudication made to her in the projects of partition." The payment in cash by way of making the proper adjustments in order to meet the requirements of the law on non-impairment of legitimes as well as to give effect to the last will of the testatrix has invariably been availed of and sanctioned see Articles 955, 1080 and 1104, Civil Code). That her co-oppositors would receive their cash differentials only now when the value of the currency has declined further, whereas they could have received them earlier, like Bernardita, at the time of approval of the project of partition and when the peso's purchasing value was higher, is due to their own decision of pursuing the present appeal (emphasis supplied). 
Additional distinction between the present case and the Castelvi case:
The proceedings before the commissioners and before the trial court in the Castelvi case were all in accordance with the provisions of the rules, while this is not so in the present case; because the commissioner's herein did not turn out a valid report, as the commissioners made their own and separate reports and no consensus was reached by them on the classification of the lots, allocation of areas to each class, and the fair market value of each class and the lots as a whole. Furtherinore, no hearing on the reports of the commissioners was made by the trial court in the case at bar, because of the motion of the herein appellants to submit the same without any (hearing).
The finding of the trial court, which was sustained by this Court, that the lots involved in the Castelvi case were residential, was supported by and based on the factual findings of the commissioners, who were unanimous thereon, and the Provincial Appraisal Committee of Pampanga (58 SCRA 356-359): while in the present case no one among the commissioners classified the lots or any portion thereof as residential or one with residential/subdivision potentiality. With respect to Provincial Board Resolution No. 13 on the report of the Provincial Appraisal Committee of La Union, the same was disregarded tor having been passed in haste. 
In the present case, commissioner Balagot classified the two lots into irrigated riceland, upland riceland, orchard land, pasture land and forest land, Commissioner Rojas similarly classified the lands as above, but adding thereto forestry compound and barrio compound; while Commissioner Molina classified the lots into unirrigated riceland, upland riceland and pasture land. It cannot be seriously claimed that the lots involved in the present case is suitable as, or have potentials tor conversion into, a residential subdivision simply because a 4-hectare area of the same was considered by a member of the provincial appraisal committee as residential. In fact, said 4-hectare area was reflected in the Provincial Appraisal Committee Report, Resolution 13 (Exh. A) as grazing land, not as a residential one (see pp. 138, 173, ROA; pp. 67, 143, Appellants' Brief). Furthermore, none among the commissioners believed the testimony of the said member on that point as no one among them classified the lots or any portion thereof as residential. The fact that the tenants of appellants previously occupied the said area and constructed houses thereon, does not convert the whole area or the portion thus occupied into a residential one. The residential nature of the lot is not determined alone by the presence or absence of houses thereon (Republic v. Garcia, 91 Phil. 46 [1952]). The determination of the true nature of a lot must take into consideration, among other things, the location topography, kind of soil fertility or productivity, and surroundings of the lot (Manila Railroad Co. Caligsihan, 40 Phil. 326 [1919]; Republic v. Garcia, supra: Republic v. Lara, 50 O.G. 5778 [1954]). Indeed, the evidence relied upon by this Court in concluding that the lots involved in the Castelvi case are residential and not agricultural, shows that: têñ.£îhqwâ£
... Castelvi broached the Idea of subdividing her land into residential lots as early as July 11, 1965 in her letter to the Chief of Staff of the Armed Forces of the Philippines (Exh. 5-Castelvi). As a matter of fact, the layout of the subdivision plan was tentatively approved by the National Planning Commission on September 7, 1956. (Exh. 8-Castelvi). The land of Castelvi had not been devoted to agriculture since 1974 when it was leased to the Philippine Army. In 1957 said land was classified as residential, and taxes based on its classification as residential had been paid since then (Exh. 13-Castelvi). The location of the Castelvi land justifies its suitability fora residential subdivision. As found by the trial court, "It is at the left side and the entrance of the Basa Air Base and bounded on two sides by roads (Exh. 13-Castelvi; paragraphs 1 and 2, Exh. 12-Castelvi), the poblacion (of Floridablanca,) the municipal building, and the Pampanga Sugar Mills are close by. The barrio schoolhouse and chapel are also near (Tsn., Nov. 23, 1960, p. 68).
The land of Toledo-Gozun (Lot 1-B and Lot 3) are practically of the same condition as the land of Castelvi. They are also contiguous to the Basa Air Base, and are along the road. These lands are near the barrio school house, the barrio Chapel, the Pampanga Sugar Mills, and the Poblacion of Floridablanca (Exhs. 1, 3 and 4-Toledo-Gozun). As a matter of fact, regarding Lot 1-B, it had already been surveyed and subdivided, and its conversion into a residential subdivision was tentatively by the National Planning Commission on July 8, 1959 Exhs. 5 and 6-Toledo-Gozun). As early as June, 1958, no less than 32 men connected with the Philippine Air Force among them commissioned, officers, non-commissioned officers, and enlisted men had requested Mr. and Mrs. Joaquin D. Gozun to open a subdivision on their lands in question (Exhs, 8, 8-A to 8-ZZ-Toledo-Gozun)" (58 SCRA 357, emphasis supplied). 
In the present case, there is no evidence in the record warranting a conclusion that the parcels involved have potentials for conversion into a residential subdivision. On the contrary, the location, topography and the use to which the lots involved were, devoted at the time of the filing of expropriation proceedings in the lower court, indicate that they have none. In his report, Commissioner Molina described the location and topography of the lots as follows: têñ.£îhqwâ£
... Starting from the town propwer of Bacnotan, one can reach the property by passing through the barrios of Cabaroan, Sayoan, Salincob, Casianan and finally Sapilang. The place is about 2.5 kilometers north of the the Poblacion along the National Highway up to the so-called Cabaroan junction. From this junction is about a 2-kilometer feeder road going eastward. And from this lateral road is an unsurfaced road of approximately 1.5 kilometers leading to the site of the Agricultural School. However, before the school took possession of the land on May 4, 1963, the place was not accessible at all by any motor vehicles, and that the only means was to hike over paddies, trails and creeks.
Topographically, the property of defendants is situated on a high elevation. It consists of mountains and hills forming a semi-circle, and sloping on the sides towards an elongated portion of valley-like depression which is level and developed into ricefields. Because of its high elevation or location, the climate of the place ishealthful, temperate and especially invigorating when one is near or within the vicinity of the waterfall or spring. The climate is of the kind which the Weather Bureau would call the Type I climate; that is, the place has two distinct reasons, a dry season from December to June, when there are light rains or no raisn at all, and wet season, from June to December, when rains are abundant, heavy and frequent. The soil of the place is good. It has a luxuriant vegetation (pp. 69-70, ROA, emphasis supplied). 
The presence of the houses of twenty-three (23) tenants in a 4-hectare area at the time the government took possession of the lots herein involved, is not sufficient proof of that portion's potentialitv for conversion into a residential subdivision, much less of the whole parcel of about 338 hectares. There was no evidence that the houses of the tenants were there constructed because of its residential nature. In all likelihood, the tenants were forced by necessity to construct their Rouses therein to be close to their respective tobacco farms. The fact that under the leasehold system of land tenure, a tenant is allotted a portion for his dwelling does not render the entire landholding no longer agricultural and thereby convert the same into a residential land.
WHEREFORE, THE JUDGMENT APPEALED FROM IS HEREBY MODIFIED AND THE PLAINTIFFAPPELLEE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES IS HEREBY DIRECTED TO PAY THE DEFENDANTSAPPELLANTS CELESTINO C. JUAN AND ANA TANSECO THE SUM OF TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND (P200,000.00) PESOS, WITH INTEREST AT THE LEGAL RATE OF SIX PERCENT (6%) PER ANNUM FROM MAY 1, 1963. NO COSTS. 
Fernandez, Guerrero, Abad Santos, De Castro and Melencio-Herrera, JJ., concur.1äwphï1.ñët
Concepcion Jr. and Santos, JJ., took no part. 
 
 
 
Separate Opinions
 
FERNANDO, C.J., concurring:
Concurs in the opinion of Justice Makasiar as to the legal parts involved and in the opinion of Justice Teehankee as to the accounts due appellants. 
 
BARREDO, J., dissenting:
I cannot find sufficient evidence to "lorm a clear picture of the classification the anocation of areas as to each class and the fair market value of each class of land. The reports of the comnmissioners are so disparate, no conclusion can be deduced from them. In other words, We do not have enough basis for a fair judgment. 
 
AQUINO, J., dissenting:
I vote for the affirmance of the lower court's judgment. 
TEEHANKEE, J., concurring:
I concur with the main opinion of Mr. Justice Makasiar which rejects the appraisal of defendants-appellants' expropriated property by provincial agriculturist Pio Tadina (who was not even appointed by the lower court) in the sum of P616,000.00 as urged by defendants-appellants, whereby plaintiff-appellee Republic of the Philippines would have to pay defendants- appellants (after crediting the sum of P100,000.00 deposited by plaintiff and received by defendants) the further balance of P516,000.00 with 6% interest per annum from May 4, 1963 the date when plaintiff took possession of rhe expropriated property and would amount to a total of well over One Million Pesos (P1,000,000.00). 
I maintain that defendants-appellants' own valuation of property given in the expropriation proceeding itself is binding on them and sets the limit of the compensation to be awarded them regardless of the patently extravagant and exssive appraisals of some of the court-appointed commissioners.
Here defendant-appellant Celestino C. Juan himself in the negotiations for the sale of his property to the State for use as a school site offered it for the price of P190,000.00 (P170,000.00 plus bank loan of P20,000.00), with a down payment of P90,000.00 and the balance of P100,000.00 payable within one year, as per his letter of January 28, 1963. He increased this -aluation further to P300,000.00 in his motion for reconsideration of April 24, 1963. This last evaluation judicially given by defendants-owners is a declaration and admission binding on them, 1 unless they can show that they were laboring under an error of fact. No such error has been shown by defendantsappellants. Nor has any compelling reason been given to justify their being relieved from the binding effects of such admission.
The P616,000.—valuation urged by defendants-appellants amounts therefore to double the very valuation of P300,000.00 given by and binding on themselves, exceeding the same by P316,000.00, excluding 90%, interest at 6% per annum for 16 vears since 1963 that would have to be paid.
There is no justification for awarding to the owners double the amount of their own valuation of their property. On the contrary the facts of record bear out that awarding to the owners the compensation set by themselves in the amount of P300,000.00 (Pl10,000.00 more than the original amount asked by them and awarded by the lower court) is a just and reasonable compensation, to wit, the property was bought in 1957 by defendants for P50,000.00 only and the value of their improvements thereon amounted to only Pl,712.60 as of 1963, it is certainly doubtful and contrary to experience that the property would increase in value over 12 times to P616,000.00 whereas the increase in 6 years to P300,000.00 as per the owners' own valuation withou their having done anything to improve the property is quite an optimistic valuation); the property is about six (6) kilometers away from the poblacion of Bacnotan and when the government took possession of the same on May, 4, 1963, it was not accessible at all by motor vehicle and could be reached only by hiking through rice paddies, trails and creek; that it was not fully developed with 95 hectares of pasture land and 70 hectares of forest land and an assessed valuation of P42,120.00. 
The only justification cited for granting an amount double the owners' own valuation of the property is that the value of the peso has gone down and continues to decline.
Such decline provides no valid basis or justification for doubling the fair and just price of P300,000.00 representing defendants-appellants' own judicially admitted valuation of their property (increased in four [4] months by P110,000.00 compared to their original offer to sell the same to the government for only P190,000.00, supra at page 1 hereof). It is settled law that the expropriation price to be considered is that at the beginning of the expropriation and taking of possession. That defendants should now receive the balance of P200,000.00 with legal interest when the value of the peso has declined is due to their own decision of pursuing the present appeal. (See DizonRivera vs. Dizon, 33 SCRA 554, 568). There is no claim of extraordinary, inflation such as to make applicable Article 1250 of the Civil Code providing that "the value of the currency at the time of the establishment of the obligation shall be the basis of payment." Aside from the fact that this article is applicable only to contractual obligations, neither the competent Executive and monetary authorities nor this Court have ever admitted or declared that the factual assumption of said article (extraordinary inflation) has come into existence. (Velasco vs. Meralco, 42 SCRA 556). The onerous and adverse consequences of such a declaration on the national economy and stability of its finance and currency and on the great majority of average and fixed wage-earners in relation to their contractual debts and obligations are too staggering to contemplate. 
Finally, there is no reason to disregard the general rule enunciadated in Republic of the Philippines vs. Narciso, 2 that "the owners' valuation of the property may not be binding on the Government or the court, but is should at least set a ceiling price for the compensation to be awarded. Moreover, the prices to be considered are those at the beginning of the expropriation not the increased values brought about by the improvements and actuations of the Government after occupying the premises. 
ACCORDINGLY, I vote for limiting the increase in compensation to be awarded to defendant appellants to the valuation set by themselves as owner in the amount of P300,000.00 with 6% interest per annum on the balance of P200,000.00 from May 4, 1963, which would bring the total exproprriation value to close to Five Hundred Thousand Pesos (500,000.00) or ten times the original price paid therefor by defendants-appellants. 
ANTONIO, J., dissenting:
I dissent from the main opinion of my distinguished colleagues for the following reasons: 
(1) Celestino Juan, in making the admission of P300,000.00 as the value of the property, was referring, not to a fair or just, but to a provisional value of his property. The sum was stated four (4) times in his "Urgent Motion for Reconsideration And Or to Lift Writ of Possession, 1 but there is no mistaking that he was referring merely to a provisional value so that the Republic could obtain immediate possession of the property. têñ.£îhqwâ£
... It must be considered, however, that the amount fixed as the provisional value of the lands that are being expropriated does .iot necessarily represent the true and correct value of the land. The value is only "provisional" or "tentative", to serve as the basis for the immediate occupancy of the property being expropriated by the condemnor... (Republic v. Castellvi, L-20629, Aug. 15, 1974, 58 SCRA 336. 359.)
Celestino Juan should thus be considered as having judicially admitted P300,000.00 merely as the provisional value of his property and should not be bound by such ,value as the true value.
Nor may Juan be bound to his proposal to the principal of the agricultural school in the sum of P190,000.00 as the selling price of his land because when he tendered the proposal he was in urgent need of money to defray expenses in connection with certain criminal cases involving his wife. 2
(2) Judicial or non-judicial admissions made by condemnees as to the value of their properties that are to be expropriated should not be deemed conclusive if such admitted value be unjust, because the Constitution imperatively requires the payment of "just compensation." têñ.£îhqwâ£
Sec. 2. Private property shall not be taken for public use without just compensation. (Constitution, Article IV, Bill of rights.) 
(3) There is, moreover, the circumstance that a portion of the land had potential for conversion into a subdivision. In fact, a 4-hectare area was considered by a member of the Provincial Appraisal Committee as residential; it was occupied by tenants who built their houses thereon. 3 têñ.£îhqwâ£
We agree with the findings, and the conclusions, of the lower court that the lands that are the subject of expropriation in the present case, as of August 10, 1959 when the same were taken possession of by the Republic, were residential lands and were adaptable for use as residential subdivisions. Indeed, the owners of these lands have the right to their value for the use for which they would bring he most in the market at the time the same. were taken from them... (Republic v.Castellvi, supra, at p. 358.)
(4) The appraisal by Provincial Agriculturist Tadina in the sum of P616,000 appears to be the most realistic and reliable. He was an experienced and competent appraiser, and he undertook the appraisal impartially, as he did so in an official capacity and without the knowledge of Celestino Juan. 4 
(5) The mean value of the individual evaluations made by the three (3) Commissioners substantially accords with, or even surpasses, the amount recommended by Tadina, to wite:têñ.£îhqwâ£
Atty. Rogelio Balagot, Chairman and Representative of the Court......................................................................................................P1,045,876.30
Atty. Eufemio Molina, for the Plaintiff...................................135,000.00
Atty. Pablito Rojas, for the Defendants.............................1 ,407,856.00 têñ.£îhqwâ£
P2,588,732.30 
P2,588,732.30 divided by 3 = P862,910.77 
(6) Finally, it cannot be denied that the purchasing power of the peso has, in the meantime, depreciated. têñ.£îhqwâ£
... This Court has also taken judicial notice of the fact that the value of the Philippine peso has considerably gone down since the year 1959... (Republic v. Castellvi, supra, at p. 363.) 
The ceiling conversion rate of the peso to the dollar in 1963 when the Republic took possession of the property was P3.20 to $1.00; 5 the inter-bank guiding rate for January 20, 1975 was P7.0705, 6 more than double that in 1963; on January 20, 1975, the foreign exchange rate was $1,00 for P7.32; 7 so that even if Celestino Juan is to be considered as having judicially admitted the price of his property in the sum of P300,000.00 (which admission is, as previously stated, qualified or non-categorical), the doubling of this sum at this time is justified. 
In contrast to the foregoing, land values have considerably appreciated anc continue to increase.
 
# Separate Opinions
FERNANDO, C.J., concurring:
concurs in the opinion of Justice Makasiar as to the legal parts involved and in the opinion of Justice Teehankee as to the accounts due appellants. 
BARREDO, J., dissenting:
I cannot find sufficient evidence to "lorm a clear picture of the classification the anocation of areas as to each class and the fair market value of each class of land. The reports of the comnmissioners are so disparate, no conclusion can be deduced from them. In other words, We do not have enough basis for a fair judgment. 
AQUINO, J., dissenting:
I vote for the affirmance of the lower court's judgment. 
TEEHANKEE, J., concurring:
I concur with the main opinion of Mr. Justice Makasiar which rejects the appraisal of defendants-appellants' expropriated property by provincial agriculturist Pio Tadina (who was not even appointed by the lower court) in the sum of P616,000.00 as urged by defendants-appellants, whereby plaintiff-appellee Republic of the Philippines would have to pay defendants- appellants (after crediting the sum of P100,000.00 deposited by plaintiff and received by defendants) the further balance of P516,000.00 with 6% interest per annum from May 4, 1963 the date when plaintiff took possession of rhe expropriated property and would amount to a total of well over One Million Pesos (P1,000,000.00). 
I maintain that defendants-appellants' own valuation of property given in the expropriation proceeding itself is binding on them and sets the limit of the compensation to be awarded them regardless of the patently extravagant and exssive appraisals of some of the court-appointed commissioners.
Here defendant-appellant Celestino C. Juan himself in the negotiations for the sale of his property to the State for use as a school site offered it for the price of P190,000.00 (P170,000.00 plus bank loan of P20,000.00), with a down payment of P90,000.00 and the balance of P100,000.00 payable within one year, as per his letter of January 28, 1963. He increased this -aluation further to P300,000.00 in his motion for reconsideration of April 24, 1963. This last evaluation judicially given by defendants-owners is a declaration and admission binding on them, 1 unless they can show that they were laboring under an error of fact. No such error has been shown by defendantsappellants. Nor has any compelling reason been given to justify their being relieved from the binding effects of such admission.
The P616,000. — valuation urged by defendants-appellants amounts therefore to double the very valuation of P300,000.00 given by and binding on themselves, exceeding the same by P316,000.00, excluding 90%, interest at 6% per annum for 16 vears since 1963 that would have to be paid.
There is no justification for awarding to the owners double the amount of their own valuation of their property. On the contrary the facts of record bear out that awarding to the owners the compensation set by themselves in the amount of P300,000.00 (P110,000.00 more than the original amount asked by them and awarded by the lower court) is a just and reasonable compensation, to wit, the property was bought in 1957 by defendants for P50,000.00 only and the value of their improvements thereon amounted to only P1,712.60 as of 1963, it is certainly doubtful and contrary to experience that the property would increase in value over 12 times to P616,000.00 whereas the increase in 6 years to P300,000.00 as per the owners' own valuation withou their having done anything to improve the property is quite an optimistic valuation); the property is about six (6) kilometers away from the poblacion of Bacnotan and when the government took possession of the same on May, 4, 1963, it was not accessible at all by motor vehicle and could be reached only by hiking through rice paddies, trails and creek; that it was not fully developed with 95 hectares of pasture land and 70 hectares of forest land and an assessed valuation of P42,120.00. 
The only justification cited for granting an amount double the owners' own valuation of the property is that the value of the peso has gone down and continues to decline.
Such decline provides no valid basis or justification for doubling the fair and just price of P300,000.00 representing defendants-appellants' own judicially admitted valuation of their property (increased in four [4] months by P110,000.00 compared to their original offer to sell the same to the government for only P190,000.00, supra at page 1 hereof). It is settled law that the expropriation price to be considered is that at the beginning of the expropriation and taking of possession. That defendants should now receive the balance of P200,000.00 with legal interest when the value of the peso has declined is due to their own decision of pursuing the present appeal. (See DizonRivera vs. Dizon, 33 SCRA 554, 568). There is no claim of extraordinary, inflation such as to make applicable Article 1250 of the Civil Code providing that "the value of the currency at the time of the establishment of the obligation shall be the basis of payment." Aside from the fact that this article is applicable only to contractual obligations, neither the competent Executive and monetary authorities nor this Court have ever admitted or declared that the factual assumption of said article (extraordinary inflation) has come into existence. (Velasco vs. Meralco, 42 SCRA 556). The onerous and adverse consequences of such a declaration on the national economy and stability of its finance and currency and on the great majority of average and fixed wage-earners in relation to their contractual debts and obligations are too staggering to contemplate. 
Finally, there is no reason to disregard the general rule enunciadated in Republic of the Philippines vs. Narciso, 2 that "the owners' valuation of the property may not be binding on the Government or the court, but is should at least set a ceiling price for the compensation to be awarded. Moreover, the prices to be considered are those at the beginning of the expropriation not the increased values brought about by the improvements and actuations of the Government after occupying the premises. 
ACCORDINGLY, I vote for limiting the increase in compensation to be awarded to defendant appellants to the valuation set by themselves as owner in the amount of P300,000.00 with 6% interest per annum on the balance of P200,000.00 from May 4, 1963, which would bring the total exproprriation value to close to Five Hundred Thousand Pesos (500,000.00) or ten times the original price paid therefor by defendantsappellants. 
ANTONIO, J., dissenting:
I dissent from the main opinion of my distinguished colleagues for the following reasons: 
(1) Celestino Juan, in making the admission of P300,000.00 as the value of the property, was referring, not to a fair or just, but to a provisional value of his property. The sum was stated four (4) times in his "Urgent Motion for Reconsideration And Or to Lift Writ of Possession, 1 but there is no mistaking that he was referring merely to a provisional value so that the Republic could obtain immediate possession of the property. 
... It must be considered, however, that the amount fixed as the provisional value of the lands that are being expropriated does .iot necessarily represent the true and correct value of the land. The value is only "provisional" or "tentative", to serve as the basis for the immediate occupancy of the property being expropriated by the condemnor... (Republic v. Castellvi, L-20629, Aug. 15, 1974, 58 SCRA 336. 359.)
Celestino Juan should thus be considered as having judicially admitted P300,000.00 merely as the provisional value of his property and should not be bound by such ,value as the true value.
Nor may Juan be bound to his proposal to the principal of the agricultural school in the sum of P190,000.00 as the selling price of his land because when he tendered the proposal he was in urgent need of money to defray expenses in connection with certain criminal cases involving his wife. 2
(2) Judicial or non-judicial admissions made by condemnees as to the value of their properties that are to be expropriated should not be deemed conclusive if such admitted value be unjust, because the Constitution imperatively requires the payment of "just compensation." 
Sec. 2. Private property shall not be taken for public use without just compensation. (Constitution, Article IV, Bill of rights.) 
(3) There is, moreover, the circumstance that a portion of the land had potential for conversion into a subdivision. In fact, a 4-hectare area was considered by a member of the Provincial Appraisal Committee as residential; it was occupied by tenants who built their houses thereon. 3 
We agree with the findings, and the conclusions, of the lower court that the lands that are the subject of expropriation in the present case, as of August 10, 1959 when the same were taken possession of by the Republic, were residential lands and were adaptable for use as residential subdivisions. Indeed, the owners of these lands have the right to their value for the use for which they would bring he most in the market at the time the same. were taken from them... (Republic v.Castellvi, supra, at p. 358.)
(4) The appraisal by Provincial Agriculturist Tadina in the sum of P616,000 appears to be the most realistic and reliable. He was an experienced and competent appraiser, and he undertook the appraisal impartially, as he did so in an official capacity and without the knowledge of Celestino Juan. 4 
(5) The mean value of the individual evaluations made by the three (3) Commissioners substantially accords with, or even surpasses, the amount recommended by Tadina, to wite:
Atty. Rogelio Balagot, Chairman and Representative of the Court......................................................................................................P1,045,876.30
Atty. Eufemio Molina, for the Plaintiff...................................135,000.00
Atty. Pablito Rojas, for the Defendants.............................1 ,407,856.00 têñ.£îhqwâ£
P2,588,732.30 
P2,588,732.30 divided by 3 = P862,910.77 
(6) Finally, it cannot be denied that the purchasing power of the peso has, in the meantime, depreciated. têñ.£îhqwâ£
... This Court has also taken judicial notice of the fact that the value of the Philippine peso has considerably gone down since the year 1959... (Republic v. Castellvi, supra, at p. 363.) 
The ceiling conversion rate of the peso to the dollar in 1963 when the Republic took possession of the property was P3.20 to $1.00; 5 the inter-bank guiding rate for January 20, 1975 was P7.0705, 6 more than double that in 1963; on January 20, 1975, the foreign exchange rate was $1,00 for P7.32; 7 so that even if Celestino Juan is to be considered as having judicially admitted the price of his property in the sum of P300,000.00 (which admission is, as previously stated, qualified or non-categorical), the doubling of this sum at this time is justified. 
In contrast to the foregoing, land values have considerably appreciated anc continue to increase.

G.R. No. L-12792             February 28, 1961
REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES, plaintiff-appellant, 
vs.
LA ORDEN DE PP. BENEDICTINOS DE FILIPINAS, defendant-appellee. 
Office of the Solicitor General for plaintiff-appellant.
Ledesma, Puno, Guytingco, Antonio and Associates for defendant-appellee. 
DIZON, J.:
To ease and solve the daily traffic congestion on Legarda Street, the Government drew plans to extend Azcarraga street from its junction with Mendiola street, up to the Sta. Mesa Rotonda, Sampaloc, Manila. To carry out this plan it offered to buy a portion of approximately 6,000 square meters of a bigger parcel belonging to La Orden de PP. Benedictinos de Filipinas, a domestic religious corporation that owns the San Beda College, a private educational institution situated on Mendiola street. Not having been able to reach an agreement on the matter with the owner, the Government instituted the present expropriation proceedings. 
On May 27, 1957 the trial court, upon application of the Government — hereinafter referred to as appellant — issued an order fixing the provisional value of the property in question at P270,000.00 and authorizing appellant to take immediate possession thereof upon depositing said amount. The deposit having been made with the City Treasurer of Manila, the trial court issued the corresponding order directing the Sheriff of Manila to place appellant in possession of the property aforesaid. 
On June 8, 1957, as directed by the Rules of Court, the herein appellee, in lieu of an answer, filed a motion to dismiss the complaint based on the following grounds: 
I. That the property sought to be expropriated is already dedicated to public use and therefore is not subject to expropriation. 
II. That there is no necessity for the proposed expropriation. 
III. That the proposed Azcarraga Extension could pass through a different site which would entail less expense to the Government and which would not necessitate the expropriation of a property dedicated to education. 
IV. That the present action filed by the plaintiff against the defendant is discriminatory. 
V. That the herein plaintiff does not count with sufficient funds to push through its project of constructing the proposed Azcarraga Extension and to allow the plaintiff to expropriate defendant's property at this time would be only to needlessly deprive the latter of the use of its property.".
The government filed a written opposition to the motion to dismiss (Record on Appeal, pp. 30-37) while appellee filed a reply thereto (Id., pp. 38-48). On July 29, 1957, without receiving evidence upon the questions of fact arising from the complaint, the motion to dismiss and the opposition thereto filed, the trial court issued the appealed order dismissing the case. 
The appealed order shows that the trial court limited itself to deciding the point of whether or not the expropriation of the property in question is necessary (Rec. on Ap., p. 50) and, having arrived at the conclusion that such expropriation was not of extreme necessity, dismissed the proceedings. 
It is to be observed that paragraph IV of the complaint expressly alleges that appellant needs, among other properties, the portion of appellee's property in question for the purpose of constructing the Azcarraga street extension, and that paragraph VII of the same complaint expressly alleges that, in accordance with Section 64(b) of the Revised Administrative Code, the President of the Philippines had authorized the acquisition, thru condemnation proceedings, of the aforesaid parcel of land belonging to appellee, as evidenced by the third indorsement dated May 15, 1957 of the Executive Secretary, Office of the President of the Philippines, a copy of which was attached to the complaint as Annex "C" and made an integral part thereof. In denial of these allegations appellee's motion to dismiss alleged that "there is no necessity for the proposed expropriation". Thus, the question of fact decisive of the whole case arose. 
It is the rule in this jurisdiction that private property may be expropriated for public use and upon payment of just compensation; that condemnation of private property is justified only if it is for the public good and there is a genuine necessity therefor of a public character. Consequently, the courts have the power to inquire into the legality of the exercise of the right of eminent domain and to determine whether or not there is a genuine necessity therefor (City of Manila vs. Chinese Community, 40 Phil. 349; Manila Railroad Company vs. Hacienda Benito, Inc., 37 O.G. 1957). 
Upon the other hand, it does not need extended argument to show that whether or not the proposed opening of the Azcarraga extension is a necessity in order to relieve the daily congestion of traffic on Legarda St., is a question of fact dependent not only upon the facts of which the trial court very liberally took judicial notice but also up on other factors that do not appear of record and must, therefore, be established by means of evidence. We are, therefore, of the opinion that the parties should have been given an opportunity to present their respective evidence upon these factors and others that might be of direct or indirect help in determining the vital question of fact involved, namely, the need to open the extension of Azcarraga street to ease and solve the traffic congestion on Legarda street. 
WHEREFORE, the appealed order of dismissal is set aside and the present case is remanded to the trial court for further proceedings in accordance with this decision. Without costs. 
Bengzon, Actg. C.J., Padilla, Bautista Angelo, Labrador, Reyes, J.B.L., Barrera and Paredes JJ., concur.
Concepcion, J., took no part. 

G.R. No. L-14355             October 31, 1919
THE CITY OF MANILA, plaintiff-appellant, 
vs.
CHINESE COMMUNITY OF MANILA, ET AL., defendants-appellees.
City Fiscal Diaz for appellant. 
Crossfield and O'Brien, Williams, Ferrier and Sycip, Delgado and Delgado, Filemon Sotto, and Ramon Salinas for appellees.
 
JOHNSON, J.:
          The important question presented by this appeal is: In expropriation proceedings by the city of Manila, may the courts inquire into, and hear proof upon, the necessity of the expropriation? 
          That question arose in the following manner:
          On the 11th day of December, 1916, the city of Manila presented a petition in the Court of First Instance of said city, praying that certain lands, therein particularly described, be expropriated for the purpose of constructing a public improvement. The petitioner, in the second paragraph of the petition, alleged:
          That for the purpose of constructing a public improvement, namely, the extension of Rizal Avenue, Manila, it is necessary for the plaintiff to acquire ownership in fee simple of certain parcels of land situated in the district of Binondo of said city within Block 83 of said district, and within the jurisdiction of this court.
          The defendant, the Comunidad de Chinos de Manila [Chinese Community of Manila], answering the petition of the plaintiff, alleged that it was a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the Philippine Islands, having for its purpose the benefit and general welfare of the Chinese Community of the City of Manila; that it was the owner of parcels one and two of the land described in paragraph 2 of the complaint; that it denied that it was either necessary or expedient that the said parcels be expropriated for street purposes; that existing street and roads furnished ample means of communication for the public in the district covered by such proposed expropriation; that if the construction of the street or road should be considered a public necessity, other routes were available, which would fully satisfy the plaintiff's purposes, at much less expense and without disturbing the resting places of the dead; that it had a Torrens title for the lands in question; that the lands in question had been used by the defendant for cemetery purposes; that a great number of Chinese were buried in said cemetery; that if said expropriation be carried into effect, it would disturb the resting places of the dead, would require the expenditure of a large sum of money in the transfer or removal of the bodies to some other place or site and in the purchase of such new sites, would involve the destruction of existing monuments and the erection of new monuments in their stead, and would create irreparable loss and injury to the defendant and to all those persons owning and interested in the graves and monuments which would have to be destroyed; that the plaintiff was without right or authority to expropriate said cemetery or any part or portion thereof for street purposes; and that the expropriation, in fact, was not necessary as a public improvement.
          The defendant Ildefonso Tambunting, answering the petition, denied each and every allegation of the complaint, and alleged that said expropriation was not a public improvement; that it was not necessary for the plaintiff to acquire the parcels of land in question; that a portion of the lands in question was used as a cemetery in which were the graves of his ancestors; that monuments and tombstones of great value were found thereon; that the land had become quasi-public property of a benevolent association, dedicated and used for the burial of the dead and that many dead were buried there; that if the plaintiff deemed it necessary to extend Rizal Avenue, he had offered and still offers to grant a right of way for the said extension over other land, without cost to the plaintiff, in order that the sepulchers, chapels and graves of his ancestors may not be disturbed; that the land so offered, free of charge, would answer every public necessity on the part of the plaintiff.
          The defendant Feliza Concepcion de Delgado, with her husband, Jose Maria Delgado, and each of the other defendants, answering separately, presented substantially the same defense as that presented by the Comunidad de Chinos de Manila and Ildefonso Tambunting above referred to.
          The foregoing parts of the defense presented by the defendants have been inserted in order to show the general character of the defenses presented by each of the defendants. The plaintiff alleged that the expropriation was necessary. The defendants each alleged (a) that no necessity existed for said expropriation and (b) that the land in question was a cemetery, which had been used as such for many years, and was covered with sepulchres and monuments, and that the same should not be converted into a street for public purposes.
          Upon the issue thus presented by the petition and the various answers, the Honorable Simplicio del Rosario, judge, in a very elucidated opinion, with very clear and explicit reasons, supported by ambulance of authorities, decided that there was no necessity for the expropriation of the particular strip of land in question, and absolved each and all of the defendants from all liability under the complaint, without any finding as to costs.
          From that judgment the plaintiff appealed and presented the above question as its principal ground of appeal.
          The theory of the plaintiff is, that once it has established the fact, under the law, that it has authority to expropriate land, it may expropriate any land it may desire; that the only function of the court in such proceedings is to ascertain the value of the land in question; that neither the court nor the owners of the land can inquire into the advisible purpose of purpose of the expropriation or ask any questions concerning the necessities therefor; that the courts are mere appraisers of the land involved in expropriation proceedings, and, when the value of the land is fixed by the method adopted by the law, to render a judgment in favor of the defendant for its value.
          That the city of Manila has authority to expropriate private lands for public purposes, is not denied. Section 2429 of Act No. 2711 (Charter of the city of Manila) provides that "the city (Manila) . . . may condemn private property for public use." 
          The Charter of the city of Manila contains no procedure by which the said authority may be carried into effect. We are driven, therefore, to the procedure marked out by Act No. 190 to ascertain how the said authority may be exercised. From an examination of Act No. 190, in its section 241, we find how the right of eminent domain may be exercised. Said section 241 provides that, "The Government of the Philippine Islands, or of any province or department thereof, or of any municipality, and any person, or public or private corporation having, by law, the right to condemn private property for public use, shall exercise that right in the manner hereinafter prescribed."
          Section 242 provides that a complaint in expropriation proceeding shall be presented; that the complaint shall state with certainty the right of condemnation, with a description of the property sought to be condemned together with the interest of each defendant separately.
          Section 243 provides that if the court shall find upon trial that the right to expropriate the land in question exists, it shall then appoint commissioners.
          Sections 244, 245 and 246 provide the method of procedure and duty of the commissioners. Section 248 provides for an appeal from the judgment of the Court of First Instance to the Supreme Court. Said section 248 gives the Supreme Court authority to inquire into the right of expropriation on the part of the plaintiff. If the Supreme Court on appeal shall determine that no right of expropriation existed, it shall remand the cause to the Court of First Instance with a mandate that the defendant be replaced in the possession of the property and that he recover whatever damages he may have sustained by reason of the possession of the plaintiff. 
          It is contended on the part of the plaintiff that the phrase in said section, "and if the court shall find the right to expropriate exists," means simply that, if the court finds that there is some law authorizing the plaintiff to expropriate, then the courts have no other function than to authorize the expropriation and to proceed to ascertain the value of the land involved; that the necessity for the expropriation is a legislative and not a judicial question. 
          Upon the question whether expropriation is a legislative function exclusively, and that the courts cannot intervene except for the purpose of determining the value of the land in question, there is much legal legislature. Much has been written upon both sides of that question. A careful examination of the discussions pro and con will disclose the fact that the decisions depend largely upon particular constitutional or statutory provisions. It cannot be denied, if the legislature under proper authority should grant the expropriation of a certain or particular parcel of land for some specified public purpose, that the courts would be without jurisdiction to inquire into the purpose of that legislation. 
          If, upon the other hand, however, the Legislature should grant general authority to a municipal corporation to expropriate private land for public purposes, we think the courts have ample authority in this jurisdiction, under the provisions above quoted, to make inquiry and to hear proof, upon an issue properly presented, concerning whether or not the lands were private and whether the purpose was, in fact, public. In other words, have no the courts in this jurisdiction the right, inasmuch as the questions relating to expropriation must be referred to them (sec. 241, Act No. 190) for final decision, to ask whether or not the law has been complied with? Suppose in a particular case, it should be denied that the property is not private property but public, may not the courts hear proof upon that question? Or, suppose the defense is, that the purpose of the expropriation is not public but private, or that there exists no public purpose at all, may not the courts make inquiry and hear proof upon that question?
          The city of Manila is given authority to expropriate private lands for public purposes. Can it be possible that said authority confers the right to determine for itself that the land is private and that the purpose is public, and that the people of the city of Manila who pay the taxes for its support, especially those who are directly affected, may not question one or the other, or both, of these questions? Can it be successfully contended that the phrase used in Act No. 190, "and if the court upon trial shall find that such right exists," means simply that the court shall examine the statutes simply for the purpose of ascertaining whether a law exists authorizing the petitioner to exercise the right of eminent domain? Or, when the case arrives in the Supreme Court, can it be possible that the phrase, "if the Supreme Court shall determine that no right of expropriation exists," that that simply means that the Supreme Court shall also examine the enactments of the legislature for the purpose of determining whether or not a law exists permitting the plaintiff to expropriate? 
          We are of the opinion that the power of the court is not limited to that question. The right of expropriation is not an inherent power in a municipal corporation, and before it can exercise the right some law must exist conferring the power upon it. When the courts come to determine the question, they must only find (a) that a law or authority exists for the exercise of the right of eminent domain, but (b) also that the right or authority is being exercised in accordance with the law. In the present case there are two conditions imposed upon the authority conceded to the City of Manila: First, the land must be private; and, second, the purpose must be public. If the court, upon trial, finds that neither of these conditions exists or that either one of them fails, certainly it cannot be contended that the right is being exercised in accordance with law. 
          Whether the purpose for the exercise of the right of eminent domain is public, is a question of fact. Whether the land is public, is a question of fact; and, in our opinion, when the legislature conferred upon the courts of the Philippine Islands the right to ascertain upon trial whether the right exists for the exercise of eminent domain, it intended that the courts should inquire into, and hear proof upon, those questions. Is it possible that the owner of valuable land in this jurisdiction is compelled to stand mute while his land is being expropriated for a use not public, with the right simply to beg the city of Manila to pay him the value of his land? Does the law in this jurisdiction permit municipalities to expropriate lands, without question, simply for the purpose of satisfying the aesthetic sense of those who happen for the time being to be in authority? Expropriation of lands usually calls for public expense. The taxpayers are called upon to pay the costs. Cannot the owners of land question the public use or the public necessity? 
          As was said above, there is a wide divergence of opinion upon the authority of the court to question the necessity or advisability of the exercise of the right of eminent domain. The divergence is usually found to depend upon particular statutory or constitutional provisions. 
          It has been contended — and many cases are cited in support of that contention, and section 158 of volume 10 of Ruling Case Law is cited as conclusive — that the necessity for taking property under the right of eminent domain is not a judicial question. But those who cited said section evidently overlooked the section immediately following (sec. 159), which adds: "But it is obvious that if the property is taken in the ostensible behalf of a public improvement which it can never by any possibility serve, it is being taken for a use not public, and the owner's constitutional rights call for protection by the courts. While many courts have used sweeping expression in the decisions in which they have disclaimed the power of supervising the power of supervising the selection of the sites of public improvements, it may be safely said that the courts of the various states would feel bound to interfere to prevent an abuse of the discretion delegated by the legislature, by an attempted appropriation of land in utter disregard of the possible necessity of its use, or when the alleged purpose was a cloak to some sinister scheme." (Norwich City vs. Johnson, 86 Conn., 151; Bell vs. Mattoon Waterworks, etc. Co., 245 Ill., 544; Wheeling, etc. R. R. Co. vs. Toledo Ry. etc. Co., 72 Ohio St., 368; State vs. Stewart, 74 Wis., 620.) 
          Said section 158 (10 R. C. L., 183) which is cited as conclusive authority in support of the contention of the appellant, says: 
          The legislature, in providing for the exercise of the power of eminent domain, may directly determine the necessity for appropriating private property for a particular improvement for public use, and it may select the exact location of the improvement. In such a case, it is well settled that the utility of the proposed improvement, the extent of the public necessity for its construction, the expediency of constructing it, the suitableness of the location selected and the consequent necessity of taking the land selected for its site, are all questions exclusively for the legislature to determine, and the courts have no power to interfere, or to substitute their own views for those of the representatives of the people. 
          Practically every case cited in support of the above doctrine has been examined, and we are justified in making the statement that in each case the legislature directly determined the necessity for the exercise of the right of eminent domain in the particular case. It is not denied that if the necessity for the exercise of the right of eminent domain is presented to the legislative department of the government and that department decides that there exists a necessity for the exercise of the right in a particular case, that then and in that case, the courts will not go behind the action of the legislature and make inquiry concerning the necessity. But, in the case of Wheeling, etc. R. R. Co. vs. Toledo, Ry, etc., Co. (72 Ohio St., 368 [106 Am. St. rep., 622, 628]), which was cited in support of the doctrine laid down in section 158 above quoted, the court said: 
          But when the statute does not designate the property to be taken nor how may be taken, then the necessity of taking particular property is a question for the courts. Where the application to condemn or appropriate is made directly to the court, the question (of necessity) should be raised and decided in limene. 
          The legislative department of the government was rarely undertakes to designate the precise property which should be taken for public use. It has generally, like in the present case, merely conferred general authority to take land for public use when a necessity exists therefor. We believe that it can be confidently asserted that, under such statute, the allegation of the necessity for the appropriation is an issuable allegation which it is competent for the courts to decide. (Lynch vs. Forbes, 161 Mass., 302 [42 Am. St. Rep., 402, 407].) 
          There is a wide distinction between a legislative declaration that a municipality is given authority to exercise the right of eminent domain, and a decision by the municipality that there exist a necessity for the exercise of that right in a particular case. The first is a declaration simply that there exist reasons why the right should be conferred upon municipal corporation, while the second is the application of the right to a particular case. Certainly, the legislative declaration relating to the advisability of granting the power cannot be converted into a declaration that a necessity exists for its exercise in a particular case, and especially so when, perhaps, the land in question was not within the territorial authority was granted.
          Whether it was wise, advisable, or necessary to confer upon a municipality the power to exercise the right of eminent domain, is a question with which the courts are not concerned. But when that right or authority is exercised for the purpose of depriving citizens of their property, the courts are authorized, in this jurisdiction, to make inquiry and to hear proof upon the necessity in the particular case, and not the general authority.
          Volume 15 of the Cyclopedia of Law and Procedure (Cyc.), page 629, is cited as a further conclusive authority upon the question that the necessity for the exercise of the right of eminent domain is a legislative and not a judicial question. Cyclopedia, at the page stated, says:
          In the absence of some constitutional or statutory provision to the contrary, the necessity and expediency of exercising the right of eminent domain are questions essentially political and not judicial in their character. The determination of those questions (the necessity and the expediency) belongs to the sovereign power; the legislative department is final and conclusive, and the courts have no power to review it (the necessity and the expediency) . . . . It (the legislature) may designate the particular property to be condemned, and its determination in this respect cannot be reviewed by the courts.
          The volume of Cyclopedia, above referred to, cites many cases in support of the doctrine quoted. While time has not permitted an examination of all of said citations, many of them have been examined, and it can be confidently asserted that said cases which are cited in support of the assertion that, "the necessity and expediency of exercising the right of eminent domain are questions essentially political and not judicial," show clearly and invariably that in each case the legislature itself usually, by a special law, designated the particular case in which the right of eminent domain might be exercised by the particular municipal corporation or entity within the state. (Eastern R. Co. vs. Boston, etc., R. Co., 11 Mass., 125 [15 Am. Rep., 13]; Brooklyn Park Com'rs vs. Armstrong, 45 N.Y., 234 [6 Am. Rep., 70]; Hairston vs. Danville, etc. Ry. Co., 208 U. S. 598; Cincinnati vs. Louisville, etc. Ry. Co., 223 U. S., 390; U.S. vs. Chandler-Dunbar Water Power Co., 229 U. S., 53; U.S. vs. Gettysburg, etc. Co., 160 U. S., 668; Traction Co. vs. Mining Co., 196 U.S., 239; Sears vs. City of Akron, 246 U.S., 351 [erroneously cited as 242 U.S.].) 
          In the case of Traction Co. vs. Mining Co. (196 U.S., 239), the Supreme Court of the United States said: "It is erroneous to suppose that the legislature is beyond the control of the courts in exercising the power of eminent domain, either as to the nature of the use or the necessity to the use of any particular property. For if the use be not public or no necessity for the taking exists, the legislature cannot authorize the taking of private property against the will of the owner, notwithstanding compensation may be required." 
          In the case of School Board of Carolina vs. Saldaña (14 Porto Rico, 339, 356), we find the Supreme Court of Porto Rico, speaking through Justice MacLeary, quoting approvingly the following, upon the question which we are discussing: "It is well settled that although the legislature must necessarily determine in the first instance whether the use for which they (municipalities, etc.) attempt to exercise the power is a public one or not, their (municipalities, etc.) determination is not final, but is subject to correction by the courts, who may undoubtedly declare the statute unconstitutional, if it shall clearly appear that the use for which it is proposed to authorize the taking of private property is in reality not public but private." Many cases are cited in support of that doctrine.
          Later, in the same decision, we find the Supreme Court of Porto Rico says: "At any rate, the rule is quite well settled that in the cases under consideration the determination of the necessity of taking a particular piece or a certain amount of land rests ultimately with the courts." (Spring Valley etc. Co. vs. San Mateo, etc. Co., 64 Cal., 123.) .
          In the case of Board of Water Com'rs., etc. vs. Johnson (86 Conn., 571 [41 L. R. A., N. S., 1024]), the Supreme Court of Connecticut approvingly quoted the following doctrine from Lewis on Eminent Domain (3d ed.), section 599: "In all such cases the necessity of public utility of the proposed work or improvement is a judicial question. In all such cases, where the authority is to take property necessary for the purpose, the necessity of taking particular property for a particular purpose is a judicial one, upon which the owner is entitled to be heard." (Riley vs. Charleston, etc. Co., 71 S. C., 457, 489 [110 Am. St. Rep., 579]; Henderson vs. Lexington 132 Ky., 390, 403.) 
          The taking of private property for any use which is not required by the necessities or convenience of the inhabitants of the state, is an unreasonable exercise of the right of eminent domain, and beyond the power of the legislature to delegate. (Bennett vs. Marion, 106 Iowa, 628, 633; Wilson vs. Pittsburg, etc. Co., 222 Pa. St., 541, 545; Greasy, etc. Co. vs. Ely, etc. Co., 132 Ky., 692, 697.) 
          In the case of New Central Coal Co. vs. George's etc. Co. (37 Md., 537, 564), the Supreme Court of the State of Maryland, discussing the question before us, said: "To justify the exercise of this extreme power (eminent domain) where the legislature has left it to depend upon the necessity that may be found to exist, in order to accomplish the purpose of the incorporation, as in this case, the party claiming the right to the exercise of the power should be required to show at least a reasonable degree of necessity for its exercise. Any rule less strict than this, with the large and almost indiscriminate delegation of the right to corporations, would likely lead to oppression and the sacrifice of private right to corporate power." 
          In the case of Dewey vs. Chicago, etc. Co. (184 Ill., 426, 433), the court said: "Its right to condemn property is not a general power of condemnation, but is limited to cases where a necessity for resort to private property is shown to exist. Such necessity must appear upon the face of the petition to condemn. If the necessary is denied the burden is upon the company (municipality) to establish it." (Highland, etc. Co. vs. Strickley, 116 Fed., 852, 856; Kiney vs. Citizens' Water & Light Co., 173 Ind., 252, 257 ; Bell vs. Mattoon Waterworks, etc. Co., 245 Ill., 544 [137 Am. St. Rep. 338].) 
          It is true that naby decisions may be found asserting that what is a public use is a legislative question, and many other decisions declaring with equal emphasis that it is a judicial question. But, as long as there is a constitutional or statutory provision denying the right to take land for any use other than a public use, it occurs to us that the question whether any particular use is a public one or not is ultimately, at least, a judicial question. The legislative may, it is true, in effect declare certain uses to be public, and, under the operation of the well-known rule that a statute will not be declared to be unconstitutional except in a case free, or comparatively free, from doubt, the courts will certainly sustain the action of the legislature unless it appears that the particular use is clearly not of a public nature. The decisions must be understood with this limitation; for, certainly, no court of last resort will be willing to declare that any and every purpose which the legislative might happen to designate as a public use shall be conclusively held to be so, irrespective of the purpose in question and of its manifestly private character Blackstone in his Commentaries on the English Law remarks that, so great is the regard of the law for private property that it will not authorize the least violation of it, even for the public good, unless there exists a very great necessity therefor.
          In the case of Wilkinson vs. Leland (2 Pet. [U.S.], 657), the Supreme Court of the United States said: "That government can scarcely be deemed free where the rights of property are left solely defendant on the legislative body, without restraint. The fundamental maxims of free government seem to require that the rights of personal liberty and private property should be held sacred. At least no court of justice in this country would be warranted in assuming that the power to violate and disregard them — a power so repugnant to the common principles of justice and civil liberty — lurked in any general grant of legislature authority, or ought to be implied from any general expression of the people. The people ought no to be presumed to part with rights so vital to their security and well-being without very strong and direct expression of such intention." (Lewis on Eminent Domain, sec. 603; Lecoul vs. Police Jury 20 La. Ann., 308; Jefferson vs. Jazem, 7 La. Ann., 182.)
          Blackstone, in his Commentaries on the English Law said that the right to own and possess land — a place to live separate and apart from others — to retain it as a home for the family in a way not to be molested by others — is one of the most sacred rights that men are heirs to. That right has been written into the organic law of every civilized nation. The Acts of Congress of July 1, 1902, and of August 29, 1916, which provide that "no law shall be enacted in the Philippine Islands which shall deprive any person of his property without due process of law," are but a restatement of the time-honored protection of the absolute right of the individual to his property. Neither did said Acts of Congress add anything to the law already existing in the Philippine Islands. The Spaniard fully recognized the principle and adequately protected the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands against the encroachment upon the private property of the individual. Article 349 of the Civil Code provides that: "No one may be deprived of his property unless it be by competent authority, for some purpose of proven public utility, and after payment of the proper compensation Unless this requisite (proven public utility and payment) has been complied with, it shall be the duty of the courts to protect the owner of such property in its possession or to restore its possession to him , as the case may be." 
          The exercise of the right of eminent domain, whether directly by the State, or by its authorized agents, is necessarily in derogation of private rights, and the rule in that case is that the authority must be strictly construed. No species of property is held by individuals with greater tenacity, and none is guarded by the constitution and laws more sedulously, than the right to the freehold of inhabitants. When the legislature interferes with that right, and, for greater public purposes, appropriates the land of an individual without his consent, the plain meaning of the law should not be enlarged by doubtly interpretation. (Bensely vs. Mountainlake Water Co., 13 Cal., 306 and cases cited [73 Am. Dec., 576].)
          The statutory power of taking property from the owner without his consent is one of the most delicate exercise of government authority. It is to be watched with jealous scrutiny. Important as the power may be to the government, the inviolable sanctity which all free constitutions attach to the right of property of the citizens, constrains the strict observance of the substantial provisions of the law which are prescribed as modes of the exercise of the power, and to protect it from abuse. Not only must the authority of municipal corporations to take property be expressly conferred and the use for which it is taken specified, but the power, with all constitutional limitation and directions for its exercise, must be strictly pursued. (Dillon on Municipal Corporations [5th Ed.], sec. 1040, and cases cited; Tenorio vs. Manila Railroad Co., 22 Phil., 411.)
          It can scarcely be contended that a municipality would be permitted to take property for some public use unless some public necessity existed therefor. The right to take private property for public use originates in the necessity, and the taking must be limited by such necessity. The appellant contends that inasmuch as the legislature has given it general authority to take private property for public use, that the legislature has, therefore, settled the question of the necessity in every case and that the courts are closed to the owners of the property upon that question. Can it be imagined, when the legislature adopted section 2429 of Act No. 2711, that it thereby declared that it was necessary to appropriate the property of Juan de la Cruz, whose property, perhaps, was not within the city limits at the time the law was adopted? The legislature, then, not having declared the necessity, can it be contemplated that it intended that a municipality should be the sole judge of the necessity in every case, and that the courts, in the face of the provision that "if upon trial they shall find that a right exists," cannot in that trial inquire into and hear proof upon the necessity for the appropriation in a particular case? 
          The Charter of the city of Manila authorizes the taking of private property for public use. Suppose the owner of the property denies and successfully proves that the taking of his property serves no public use: Would the courts not be justified in inquiring into that question and in finally denying the petition if no public purpose was proved? Can it be denied that the courts have a right to inquire into that question? If the courts can ask questions and decide, upon an issue properly presented, whether the use is public or not, is not that tantamount to permitting the courts to inquire into the necessity of the appropriation? If there is no public use, then there is no necessity, and if there is no necessity, it is difficult to understand how a public use can necessarily exist. If the courts can inquire into the question whether a public use exists or not, then it seems that it must follow that they can examine into the question of the necessity.
          The very foundation of the right to exercise eminent domain is a genuine necessity, and that necessity must be of a public character. The ascertainment of the necessity must precede or accompany, and not follow, the taking of the land. (Morrison vs. Indianapolis, etc. Ry. Co., 166 Ind., 511; Stearns vs. Barre, 73 Vt., 281; Wheeling, etc. R. R. Co. vs. Toledo, Ry. etc. Co., 72 Ohio St., 368.) 
          The general power to exercise the right of eminent domain must not be confused with the right to exercise it in a particular case. The power of the legislature to confer, upon municipal corporations and other entities within the State, general authority to exercise the right of eminent domain cannot be questioned by the courts, but that general authority of municipalities or entities must not be confused with the right to exercise it in particular instances. The moment the municipal corporation or entity attempts to exercise the authority conferred, it must comply with the conditions accompanying the authority. The necessity for conferring the authority upon a municipal corporation to exercise the right of eminent domain is admittedly within the power of the legislature. But whether or not the municipal corporation or entity is exercising the right in a particular case under the conditions imposed by the general authority, is a question which the courts have the right to inquire into.
          The conflict in the authorities upon the question whether the necessity for the exercise of the right of eminent domain is purely legislative and not judicial, arises generally in the wisdom and propriety of the legislature in authorizing the exercise of the right of eminent domain instead of in the question of the right to exercise it in a particular case. (Creston Waterworks Co. vs. McGrath, 89 Iowa, 502.) 
          By the weight of authorities, the courts have the power of restricting the exercise of eminent domain to the actual reasonable necessities of the case and for the purposes designated by the law. (Fairchild vs. City of St. Paul. 48 Minn., 540.)
          And, moreover, the record does not show conclusively that the plaintiff has definitely decided that their exists a necessity for the appropriation of the particular land described in the complaint. Exhibits 4, 5, 7, and E clearly indicate that the municipal board believed at one time that other land might be used for the proposed improvement, thereby avoiding the necessity of distributing the quiet resting place of the dead.
          Aside from insisting that there exists no necessity for the alleged improvements, the defendants further contend that the street in question should not be opened through the cemetery. One of the defendants alleges that said cemetery is public property. If that allegations is true, then, of course, the city of Manila cannot appropriate it for public use. The city of Manila can only expropriate private property.
          It is a well known fact that cemeteries may be public or private. The former is a cemetery used by the general community, or neighborhood, or church, while the latter is used only by a family, or a small portion of the community or neighborhood. (11 C. J., 50.) 
          Where a cemetery is open to public, it is a public use and no part of the ground can be taken for other public uses under a general authority. And this immunity extends to the unimproved and unoccupied parts which are held in good faith for future use. (Lewis on Eminent Domain, sec. 434, and cases cited.) 
          The cemetery in question seems to have been established under governmental authority. The Spanish Governor-General, in an order creating the same, used the following language:
          The cemetery and general hospital for indigent Chinese having been founded and maintained by the spontaneous and fraternal contribution of their protector, merchants and industrials, benefactors of mankind, in consideration of their services to the Government of the Islands its internal administration, government and regime must necessarily be adjusted to the taste and traditional practices of those born and educated in China in order that the sentiments which animated the founders may be perpetually effectuated.
          It is alleged, and not denied, that the cemetery in question may be used by the general community of Chinese, which fact, in the general acceptation of the definition of a public cemetery, would make the cemetery in question public property. If that is true, then, of course, the petition of the plaintiff must be denied, for the reason that the city of Manila has no authority or right under the law to expropriate public property.
          But, whether or not the cemetery is public or private property, its appropriation for the uses of a public street, especially during the lifetime of those specially interested in its maintenance as a cemetery, should be a question of great concern, and its appropriation should not be made for such purposes until it is fully established that the greatest necessity exists therefor.
          While we do not contend that the dead must not give place to the living, and while it is a matter of public knowledge that in the process of time sepulchres may become the seat of cities and cemeteries traversed by streets and daily trod by the feet of millions of men, yet, nevertheless such sacrifices and such uses of the places of the dead should not be made unless and until it is fully established that there exists an eminent necessity therefor. While cemeteries and sepulchres and the places of the burial of the dead are still within 
the memory and command of the active care of the living; while they are still devoted to pious uses and sacred regard, it is difficult to believe that even the legislature would adopt a law expressly providing that such places, under such circumstances, should be violated.
          In such an appropriation, what, we may ask, would be the measure of damages at law, for the wounded sensibilities of the living, in having the graves of kindred and loved ones blotted out and desecrated by a common highway or street for public travel? The impossibility of measuring the damage and inadequacy of a remedy at law is too apparent to admit of argument. To disturb the mortal remains of those endeared to us in life sometimes becomes the sad duty of the living; but, except in cases of necessity, or for laudable purposes, the sanctity of the grave, the last resting place of our friends, should be maintained, and the preventative aid of the courts should be invoked for that object. (Railroad Company vs. Cemetery Co., 116 Tenn., 400; Evergreen Cemetery Association vs. The City of New Haven, 43 Conn., 234; Anderson vs. Acheson, 132 Iowa, 744; Beatty vs. Kurtz, 2 Peters, 566.) 
          In the present case, even granting that a necessity exists for the opening of the street in question, the record contains no proof of the necessity of opening the same through the cemetery. The record shows that adjoining and adjacent lands have been offered to the city free of charge, which will answer every purpose of the plaintiff.
          For all of the foregoing, we are fully persuaded that the judgment of the lower court should be and is hereby affirmed, with costs against the appellant. So ordered.
Arellano, C.J., Torres, Araullo and Avanceña, JJ., concur.
 
 
 
Separate Opinions
 
MALCOLM, J., concurring:
          The Government of the Philippine Islands is authorized by the Philippine Bill to acquire real estate for public use by the exercise of the right of eminent domain. (Act of Congress of July 1, 1902, sec. 63.) A portion of this power has been delegated by the Philippine Legislature to the city of Manila, which is permitted to "condemn private property for public use." (Administrative Code of 1917, sec. 2429.) The Code of Civil Procedure, in prescribing how the right of eminent domain may be exercised, also limits the condemnation to "private property for public use." (Sec. 241.) As under the facts actually presented, there can be no question that a public street constitutes a public use, the only remaining question is whether or not the Chinese Cemetery and the other property here sought to be taken by the exercise of the right of eminent domain is "private property." 
          As narrowing our inquiry still further, let it be noted that cemeteries are of two classes, public and private. A public cemetery is one used by the general community, or neighborhood, or church; while a private cemetery is one used only by a family, or small portion of a community. (Lay vs. State, 12 Ind. App., 362; Cemetery Association vs. Meninger [1875], 14 Kan., 312.) Our specific question, then, is, whether the Chinese Cemetery in the city of Manila is a public, or a private graveyard. If it be found to be the former, it is not subject to condemnation by the city of Manila; if it be found to be the latter, it is subject to condemnation.
          The Chinese Cemetery of Manila was established during the Spanish administration in the Philippines by public spirited Chinese. The order of the Governor-General giving governmental recognition to the cemetery reads as follows: "The cemetery and general hospital for indigent Chinese having been founded and maintained by the spontaneous and fraternal contribution of their protectors, merchants and industrials, benefactors of mankind, in consideration of their services to the Government of the Islands, its internal administration, government and regime, must necessarily be adjusted to the taste and traditional practices of those born and educated in China in order that the sentiments which animated the founders may be perpetually effectuated." Sometimes after the inauguration of the new regime in the Philippines, a corporation was organized to control the cemetery, and a Torrens title for the lands in question was obtained.
          From the time of its creation until the present the cemetery has been used by the Chinese community for the burial of their dead. It is said that not less than four hundred graves, many of them with handsome monuments, would be destroyed by the proposed street. This desecration is attempted as to the las t resting places of the dead of a people who, because of their peculiar and ingrained ancestral workship, retain more than the usual reverence for the departed. These facts lead us straight to the conclusion that the Chinese Cemetery is not used by a family or a small portion of a community but by a particular race long existing in the country and of considerable numbers. The case, then, is one of where the city of Manila, under a general authority permitting it to condemn private property for public use, is attempting to convert a property already dedicated to a public use to an entirely different public use; and this, not directly pursuant to legislative authority, but primarily through the sole advice of the consulting architect.
          Two well considered decisions coming from the American state courts on almost identical facts are worthy of our consideration. The first is the case of The Evergreen Cemetery Association vs. The City of New Haven ([1875], 43 Conn., 234), of cited by other courts. Here the City of New Haven, Connecticut, under the general power conferred upon it to lay out, construct, and maintain all necessary highways within its limits, proceeded to widen and straighten one of its streets and in so doing took a small piece of land belonging to the Evergreen Cemetery Association. This association was incorporated under the general statute. The city had no special power to take any part of the cemetery for such purposes. It was found that the land taken was needed for the purposes of the cemetery and was not needed for the purpose of widening and straightening the avenue. The court said that it is unquestionable that the Legislature has the power to authorize the taking of land already applied to one public use and devote it to another. When the power is granted to municipal or private corporations in express words, no question can arise. But, it was added, "The same land cannot properly be used for burial lots and for a public highway at the same time. . . . Land therefore applied to one use should not be taken for the other except in cases on necessity. . . . There is no difficulty in effecting the desired improvement by taking land on the other side of the street. . . . The idea of running a public street, regardless of graves, monuments, and the feelings of the living, through one of our public cemeteries, would be shocking to the moral sense of the community, and would not be tolerated except upon the direst necessity." It was then held that land already devoted to a public use cannot be taken by the public for another use which is inconsistent with the first, without special authority from the Legislature, or authority granted by necessary and reasonable implication.
          The second decision is that of Memphis State Line Railroad Company vs. Forest Hill Cemetery Co. ([1906], 116 Tenn., 400.) Here the purpose of the proceedings was to condemn a right of way for the railway company through the Forest Hill Cemetery. The railroad proposed to run through the southeast corner of the cemetery where no bodies were interred. The cemetery had been in use for about eight years, and during this period thirteen hundred bodies had been buried therein. The cemetery was under the control of a corporation which, by its character, held itself out as being willing to sell lots to any one who applies therefor and pays the price demanded, except to members of the Negro race.1awph!l.net
          It was found that there were two other routes along which the railroad might be located without touching the cemetery, while the present line might be pursued without interfering with Forest Hill Cemetery by making a curve around it. In the court below the railroad was granted the right of condemnation through the cemetery and damages were assessed. On appeal, the certiorari applied for was granted, and the supersedeas awarded. The court, in effect, found that the land of the Cemetery Company was devoted to a public purpose, and that under the general language of the Tennessee statute of eminent domain it could not be taken for another public purpose. The court said that in process of time the sepulchres of the dead "are made the seats of cities, and are traversed by streets, and daily trodden by the feet of man. This is inevitable in the course of ages. But while these places are yet within the memory and under the active care of the living, while they are still devoted to pious uses, they are sacred, and we cannot suppose that the legislature intended that they should be violated, in the absence of special provisions upon the subject authorizing such invasion, and indicating a method for the disinterment, removal, and reinterment of the bodies buried, and directing how the expense thereof shall be borne." Two members of the court, delivering a separate concurring opinion, concluded with this significant and eloquent sentence: "The wheels of commerce must stop at the grave."
          For the foregoing reasons, and for others which are stated in the principal decision, I am of the opinion that the judgment of the lower court should be affirmed.
STREET, J., dissenting:
          It may be admitted that, upon the evidence before us, the projected condemnation of the Chinese Cemetery is unnecessary and perhaps ill-considered. Nevertheless I concur with Justice Moir in the view that the authorities of the city of Manila are the proper judges of the propriety of the condemnation and that this Court should have nothing to do with the question of the necessity of the taking.
MOIR, J., dissenting:
          I dissent from the majority opinion in this case, which has not yet been written, and because of the importance of the question involved, present my dissent for the record.
          This is an action by the city of Manila for the expropriation of land for an extension of Rizal Avenue north. The petition for condemnation was opposed by the "Comunidad de Chinos de Manila" and Ildefonso Tambunting and various other who obtained permission of the trial court to intervene in the case.
          All of the defendants allege in their opposition that the proposed extension of Rizal Avenue cuts through a part of the Chinese Cemetery, North of Manila, and necessitates the destruction of many monuments and the removal of many graves.
          The Court of First Instance of Manila, Honorable S. del Rosario, judge after hearing the parties, decided that there was no need for constructing the street as and where proposed by the city, and dismissed the petition.
          The plaintiff appealed and sets up the following errors:
1. The court erred in deciding that the determination of the necessity and convenience of the expropriation of the lands of the defendants lies with the court and not with the Municipal Board of the city of Manila.
2. The court erred in permitting the presentation of proofs over the objection and exception of the plaintiff tending to demonstrate the lack of necessity of the projected street and the need of the lands in question.
3. The court erred in declaring that the plaintiff had no right to expropriate the lands in question.
4. The court erred in dismissing the complaint.
          The right of the plaintiff to expropriate property for public use cannot be denied. The "right of eminent domain is inherent in all sovereignties and therefore would exist without any constitutional recognition . . . . The right of eminent domain antedates constitutions . . . . The right can only be denied or restricted by fundamental law and is right inherent in society." (15 Cyc., pp. 557-8.) .
          This general right was recognized in the Philippine Code of Civil Procedure effective October 1st, 1901, which prescribed the manner of exercising the right. (Sections 241 et seq.) 
          It was further recognized in the Organic Act of July 1st, 1902, which provides in section 74 "that the Government of the Philippine Islands may grant franchises . . . including the authority to exercise the right of eminent domain for the construction and operation of works of public utility and service, and may authorize said works to be constructed and maintained over and across the public property of the United States including . . . reservations." This provisions is repeated in the Jones Law of August, 1916.
          The legislature of the Islands conferred the right on the city of Manila. (Section 2429, Administrative Code of 1917; section 2402, Administrative Code of 1916.) 
          Clearly having the right of expropriation, the city of Manila selected the line of its street and asked the court by proper order to place the plaintiff in possession of the land described in the complaint, and to appoint Commissioners to inspect the property, appraise the value, and assess the damages. Instead of doing so, the court entered upon the question of the right of the city to take the property and the necessity for the taking.
          The court says:
          The controversy relates to whether or not the Chinese Cemetery, where a great majority of this race is buried and other persons belonging to other nationalities have been formerly inhumed, is private or public; whether or not said cemetery, in case it is public, would be susceptible to expropriation for the purpose of public improvements proposed by the city of Manila; whether or not the latter is justified of the necessity and expediency of similar expropriation before its right to the same would be upheld by the courts of justice; and whether or not the appreciation of said necessity pertains to the legislative or the judicial department before which the expropriation proceedings have been brought.
          Relative to the first point, it is not necessary for the court to pass upon its consideration, in view of the conclusion it has arrived at the appreciation of the other points connected with each other.
          From the testimony of two reputable engineers produced by some of the defendants, it appears that the land chosen by the plaintiff for the extension of Rizal Avenue to the municipality of Caloocan is not the best or the less expensive, although upon it there may be constructed a straight road, without curves or winding; but that in order to construct said road upon said land, the city of Manila would have to remove and transfer to other places about four hundred graves and monuments, make some grubbings, undergo some leveling and build some bridges — the works thereon, together with the construction of the road and the value of the lands expropriated, would mean an expenditure which will not be less than P180,000.
          Beside that considerable amount, the road would have a declivity of 3 per cent which, in order to cover a distance of one kilometer, would require an energy equivalent to that which would be expanded in covering a distance of two and one-half kilometers upon a level road.
          On the other hand, if the road would be constructed with the deviation proposed by Ildefonso Tambunting, one of the defendants, who even offered to donate gratuitously to the city of Manila part of the land upon which said road will have to be constructed, the plaintiff entity would be able to save more than hundreds of thousand of pesos, which can be invested in other improvements of greater pressure and necessity for the benefit of the taxpayers; and it will not have to employ more time and incur greater expenditures in the removal and transfer of the remains buried in the land of the Chinese Community and of Sr. Tambunting, although with the insignificant disadvantage that the road would be little longer by a still more insignificant extension of 426 meters and 55 centimeters less than one-half kilometer, according to the plan included in the records; but it would offer a better panorama to those who would use it, and who would not have to traverse in their necessary or pleasure-making trips or walks any cemetery which, on account of its nature, always deserves the respect of the travellers. It should be observed that the proposed straight road over the cemetery, which the city of Manila is proposing to expropriate, does not lead to any commercial, industrial, or agricultural center, and if with said road it is endeavored to benefit some community or created interest, the same object may be obtained by the proposed deviation of the road by the defendants. The road traced by the plaintiffs has the disadvantage that the lands on both sides thereof would not serve for residential purposes, for the reason that no one has the pleasure to construct buildings upon cemeteries, unless it be in very overcrowded cities, so exhausted of land that every inch thereof represents a dwelling house.
          And it is against the ruling, that it lies with the court to determine the necessity of the proposed street and not with the municipal board, that the appellant directs its first assignment of error.
          It is a right of the city government to determine whether or not it will construct streets and where, and the court's sole duty was to see that the value of the property was paid the owners after proper legal proceedings ascertaining the value.
          The law gives the city the right to take private property for public use. It is assumed it is unnecessary to argue that a public road is a public use.
          But it is argued that plaintiff must show that it is necessary to take this land for a public improvement. The law does not so read, and it is believed that the great weight of authority, including the United States Supreme Court, is against the contention.
          The question of necessity is distinct from the question of public use, and former question is exclusively for the legislature, except that if the constitution or statute authorizes the taking of property only in cases of necessity, then the necessity becomes a judicial question. (McQuillen Municipal Corporations, Vol. IV, pp. 3090-3091.) 
          In the absence of some constitutional or statutory provision to the contrary, the necessity and expediency of exercising the right of eminent domain are questions essentially political and not judicial in their character. The determination of those questions belongs to the sovereign power; the legislative determination is final and conclusive, and the courts have no power to review it. It rests with the legislature not only to determine when the power of eminent domain may be exercised, but also the character, quality, method, and extent of such exercise. And this power is unqualified, other than by the necessity of providing that compensation shall be made. Nevertheless, under the express provisions of the constitution of some states the question of necessity is made a judicial one, to be determined by the courts and not by the legislature.
          While the legislature may itself exercise the right of determining the necessity for the exercise of the power of eminent domain, it may, unless prohibited by the constitution, delegate this power to public officers or to private corporations established to carry on enterprises in which the public are interested, and their determination that a necessity for the exercise of the power exists is conclusive. There is no restraint upon the power except that requiring compensation to be made. And when the power has been so delegated it is a subject of legislative discretion to determine what prudential regulations shall be established to secure a discreet and judicious exercise of the authority. It has been held that in the absence of any statutory provision submitting the matter to a court or jury the decision of the question of necessity lies with the body of individuals to whom the state has delegated the authority to take, and the legislature may be express provision confer this power on a corporation to whom the power of eminent domain is delegated unless prohibited by the constitution. It is of course competent for the legislature to declare that the question shall be a judicial one, in which case the court and not the corporation determines the question of necessity. (15 Cyc., pp. 629-632.) 
          To the same effect is Lewis on Eminen Domain (3d Edition, section 597).
          I quote from the notes to Vol. 5, Encyclopedia of United States Supreme Court Reports, p. 762, as follows:
          Neither can it be said that there is any fundamental right secured by the constitution of the United States to have the questions of compensation and necessity both passed upon by one and the same jury. In many states the question of necessity is never submitted to the jury which passes upon the question of compensation. It is either settled affirmatively by the legislature, or left to the judgment of the corporation invested with the right to take property by condemnation. The question of necessity is not one of a judicial character, but rather one for determination by the lawmaking branch of the government. (Boom Co. vs. Patterson, 98 U.S., 403, 406 [25 L. ed., 206]; United States vs. Jones, 109 U.S., 513 [27 L. ed., 1015]; Backus vs. Fort Street Union Depot Co., 169 U.S., 557, 568 [42 L. ed., 853].) 
          Speaking generally, it is for the state primarily and exclusively, to declare for what local public purposes private property, within its limits may be taken upon compensation to the owner, as well as to prescribe a mode in which it may be condemned and taken. (Madisonville Tract. Co. vs. St. Bernard Min. Co., 196 U.S., 239, 252 [49 L. ed., 462].) 
          Courts have no power to control the legislative authority in the exercise of their right to determine when it is necessary or expedient to condemn a specific piece of property for public purposes. (Adirondack R. Co. vs. New York States, 176 U.S., 335 [44 L. ed., 492].)
          10 R. C. L. (p. 183), states the law as follows:
          158. Necessity for taking ordinarily not judicial question. — The legislature, in providing for the exercise the power of eminent domain, may directly determine the necessity for appropriating private property for a particular improvement or public use, and it may select the exact location of the improvement. In such a case, it is well settled that the utility of the proposed improvement, the extent of the public necessity for its construction, the expediency of constructing it, the suitableness of the location selected and the consequent necessity of taking the land selected for its site, are all questions exclusively for the legislature to determine, and the courts have no power to interfere, or to substitute their own views for these of the representatives of the people. Similarly, when the legislature has delegated the power of eminent domain to municipal or public service corporation or other tribunals or bodies, and has given them discretion as to when the power is to be called into exercise and to what extent, the court will not inquire into the necessity or propriety of the taking.
          The United States Supreme Court recently said:
          The uses to which this land are to be put are undeniably public uses. When that is the case the propriety or expediency of the appropriation cannot be called in question by any other authority. (Cinnati vs. S. & N. R. R. Co., 223 U.S., 390, quoting U.S. vs. Jones, 109, U.S., 519.) 
          And in Sears vs. City of Akron (246 U.S., 242), decided March 4th, 1918, it said:
          Plaintiff contends that the ordinance is void because the general statute which authorized the appropriation violates both Article 1, paragraph 10, of the Federal Constitution, and the Fourteenth Amendment, in that it authorizes the municipality to determine the necessity for the taking of private property without the owners having an opportunity to be hear as to such necessity; that in fact no necessity existed for any taking which would interfere with the company's project; since the city might have taken water from the Little Cuyahoga or the Tuscarawas rivers; and furthermore, that it has taken ten times as much water as it can legitimately use. It is well settled that while the question whether the purpose of a taking is a public one is judicial (Hairston vs. Danville & W. R. Co., 208 U.S. 598 [52 L. ed., 637; 28 Sup. Ct. Rep., 331; 13 Ann. Cas., 1008]), the necessity and the proper extent of a taking is a legislative question. (Shoemaker vs. United States, 147 U.S., 282, 298 [57 L. ed., 170, 184; 13 Supt. Ct. Rep., 361]; United States vs. Gettysburg Electric R. Co., 160 U.S. 668, 685 [40 L. ed., 576, 582; 16 Sup. Ct. Rep., 427]; United States vs. Chandler-Dunbar Water Power Co., 229 U.S., 53, 65 [57 L. ed., 1063, 1076; 33 Sup. Ct. Rep., 667].)
          I think the case should be decided in accordance with foregoing citations, but one other point has been argued so extensively that it ought to be considered.
          It is contended for the defense that this Chinese Cemetery is a public cemetery and that it cannot therefore be taken for public use. In its answer the "Comunidad de Chinos de Manila" says it is "a corporation organized and existing under and by virtue of the laws of the Philippine Islands," and that it owns the land which plaintiff seeks to acquire. The facts that it is private corporation owning land would seem of necessity to make the land it owns private land. The fact that it belongs to the Chinese community deprives it of any public character. 
          But admitting that it is a public cemetery, although limited in its use to the Chinese Community of the city of Manila, can it not be taken for public use? Must we let the reverence we feel for the dead and the sanctity of their final resting-place obstruct the progress of the living? It will be instructive to inquire what other jurisdictions have held on that point.
          On the Application of Board of Street Openings of New York City to acquire St. Johns Cemetery (133 N.Y., 329) the court of appeal said:
          . . . The board instituted this proceeding under the act to acquire for park purposes the title to land below One Hundred and Fifty-fifth street known as St. John's cemetery which belonged to a religious corporation in the city of New York, commonly called Trinity Church. It was established as a cemetery as early as 1801, and used for that purpose until 1839, during which time about ten thousand human bodies had been buried therein. In 1839 an ordinance was passed by the city of New York forbidding interments south of Eighty-sixth street, and since that time no interments have been made in the cemetery, but Trinity Church has preserved and kept it in order and prevented any disturbance thereof.
          It is contended on behalf of Trinity Church that under the general authority given by statute of 1887, this land which had been devoted to cemetery purposes could not be taken for a park. The authority conferred upon the board by the act is broad and general. It is authorized to take for park purposes any land south of One Hundred and Fifty-fifth street. . . . .
          The fact that lands have previously been devoted to cemetery purposes does not place them beyond the reach of the power of eminent domain. That is an absolute transcendent power belonging to the sovereign which can be exercised for the public welfare whenever the sovereign authority shall determine that a necessity for its exercise exists. By its existence the homes and the dwellings of the living, and the resting-places of the dead may be alike condemned.
          It seems always to have been recognized in the laws of this state, that under the general laws streets and highways could be laid out through cemeteries, in the absence of special limitation or prohibition. . . .
          In Re Opening of Twenty-second Street (102 Penn. State Reports, 108) the Supreme Court of the State said:
          This was an action for the opening of a street through a cemetery in the City of Philadelphia. It was contended for the United American Mechanics and United Daughters of America Cemetery Association that by an act of the legislature of the State approved March 20th, 1849, they were forever exempt from the taking of any their property for streets, roads or alleys and this Act was formally accepted by the Cemetery Company on April 9th, 1849, and there was, therefore, a contract between the Cemetery Company and the State of Pennsylvania, which would be violated by the taking of any part of their property for street purposes. It was further contended that there were 11,000 persons buried in the cemetery.
          The court held that property and contracts of all kinds must yield to the demand of the sovereign and that under the power of eminent domain all properties could be taken, and that if there was a contract between the State of Pennsylvania and the Cemetery Association, the contract itself could be taken for public use, and ordered the opening of the street through the cemetery.
          In Vol. 5, Encyclopedia of United States Supreme Court Reports (p. 759), it is said:
          Although it has been held, that where a state has delegated the power of eminent domain to a person or corporation and where by its exercise lands have been subject to a public use, they cannot be applied to another public use without specific authority expressed or implied to that effect, yet, the general rule seems to be that the fact that property is already devoted to a public use, does not exempt it from being appropriated under the right of eminent domain but it may be so taken for a use which is clearly superior or paramount to the one to which it is already devoted. (Citing many United States Supreme Court decisions.) 
          A few cases have been cited where the courts refused to allow the opening of streets through cemeteries, but in my opinion they are not as well considered as the cases and authorities relied upon herein.
          The holding of this court in this case reverses well settled principles of law of long standing and almost universal acceptance.
          The other assignments of error need not be considered as they are involved in the foregoing.
          The decision should be reversed and the record returned to the Court of First Instance with instructions to proceed with the case in accordance with this decision.
 




G.R. No. L-26400 February 29, 1972

VICTORIA AMIGABLE, plaintiff-appellant, 
vs.
NICOLAS CUENCA, as Commissioner of Public Highways and REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES, defendants-appellees. 
 
MAKALINTAL, J.:p
This is an appeal from the decision of the Court of First Instance of Cebu in its Civil Case No. R-5977, dismissing the plaintiff's complaint. 
Victoria Amigable, the appellant herein, is the registered owner of Lot No. 639 of the Banilad Estate in Cebu City as shown by Transfer Certificate of Title No. T-18060, which superseded Transfer Certificate of Title No. RT-3272 (T-3435) issued to her by the Register of Deeds of Cebu on February 1, 1924. No annotation in favor of the government of any right or interest in the property appears at the back of the certificate. Without prior expropriation or negotiated sale, the government used a portion of said lot, with an area of 6,167 square meters, for the construction of the Mango and Gorordo Avenues. 
It appears that said avenues were already existing in 1921 although "they were in bad condition and very narrow, unlike the wide and beautiful avenues that they are now," and "that the tracing of said roads was begun in 1924, and the formal construction in 
1925." *
On March 27, 1958 Amigable's counsel wrote the President of the Philippines, requesting payment of the portion of her lot which had been appropriated by the government. The claim was indorsed to the Auditor General, who disallowed it in his 9th Indorsement dated December 9, 1958. A copy of said indorsement was transmitted to Amigable's counsel by the Office of the President on January 7, 1959. 
On February 6, 1959 Amigable filed in the court a quo a complaint, which was later amended on April 17, 1959 upon motion of the defendants, against the Republic of the Philippines and Nicolas Cuenca, in his capacity as Commissioner of Public Highways for the recovery of ownership and possession of the 6,167 square meters of land traversed by the Mango and Gorordo Avenues. She also sought the payment of compensatory damages in the sum of P50,000.00 for the illegal occupation of her land, moral damages in the sum of P25,000.00, attorney's fees in the sum of P5,000.00 and the costs of the suit. 
Within the reglementary period the defendants filed a joint answer denying the material allegations of the complaint and interposing the following affirmative defenses, to wit: (1) that the action was premature, the claim not having been filed first with the Office of the Auditor General; (2) that the right of action for the recovery of any amount which might be due the plaintiff, if any, had already prescribed; (3) that the action being a suit against the Government, the claim for moral damages, attorney's fees and costs had no valid basis since as to these items the Government had not given its consent to be sued; and (4) that inasmuch as it was the province of Cebu that appropriated and used the area involved in the construction of Mango Avenue, plaintiff had no cause of action against the defendants. 
During the scheduled hearings nobody appeared for the defendants notwithstanding due notice, so the trial court proceeded to receive the plaintiff's evidence ex parte. On July 29, 1959 said court rendered its decision holding that it had no jurisdiction over the plaintiff's cause of action for the recovery of possession and ownership of the portion of her lot in question on the ground that the government cannot be sued without its consent; that it had neither original nor appellate jurisdiction to hear, try and decide plaintiff's claim for compensatory damages in the sum of P50,000.00, the same being a money claim against the government; and that the claim for moral damages had long prescribed, nor did it have jurisdiction over said claim because the government had not given its consent to be sued. Accordingly, the complaint was dismissed. Unable to secure a reconsideration, the plaintiff appealed to the Court of Appeals, which subsequently certified the case to Us, there being no question of fact involved. 
The issue here is whether or not the appellant may properly sue the government under the facts of the case. 
In the case of Ministerio vs. Court of First Instance of Cebu, 1 involving a claim for payment of the value of a portion of land used for the widening of the Gorordo Avenue in Cebu City, this Court, through Mr. Justice Enrique M. Fernando, held that where the government takes away property from a private landowner for public use without going through the legal process of expropriation or negotiated sale, the aggrieved party may properly maintain a suit against the government without thereby violating the doctrine of governmental immunity from suit without its consent. We there said: .
... . If the constitutional mandate that the owner be compensated for property taken for public use were to be respected, as it should, then a suit of this character should not be summarily dismissed. The doctrine of governmental immunity from suit cannot serve as an instrument for perpetrating an injustice on a citizen. Had the government followed the procedure indicated by the governing law at the time, a complaint would have been filed by it, and only upon payment of the compensation fixed by the judgment, or after tender to the party entitled to such payment of the amount fixed, may it "have the right to enter in and upon the land so condemned, to appropriate the same to the public use defined in the judgment." If there were an observance of procedural regularity, petitioners would not be in the sad plaint they are now. It is unthinkable then that precisely because there was a failure to abide by what the law requires, the government would stand to benefit. It is just as important, if not more so, that there be fidelity to legal norms on the part of officialdom if the rule of law were to be maintained. It is not too much to say that when the government takes any property for public use, which is conditioned upon the payment of just compensation, to be judicially ascertained, it makes manifest that it submits to the jurisdiction of a court. There is no thought then that the doctrine of immunity from suit could still be appropriately invoked. 
Considering that no annotation in favor of the government appears at the back of her certificate of title and that she has not executed any deed of conveyance of any portion of her lot to the government, the appellant remains the owner of the whole lot. As registered owner, she could bring an action to recover possession of the portion of land in question at anytime because possession is one of the attributes of ownership. However, since restoration of possession of said portion by the government is neither convenient nor feasible at this time because it is now and has been used for road purposes, the only relief available is for the government to make due compensation which it could and should have done years ago. To determine the due compensation for the land, the basis should be the price or value thereof at the time of the taking. 2 
As regards the claim for damages, the plaintiff is entitled thereto in the form of legal interest on the price of the land from the time it was taken up to the time that payment is made by the government. 3 In addition, the government should pay for attorney's fees, the amount of which should be fixed by the trial court after hearing. 
WHEREFORE, the decision appealed from is hereby set aside and the case remanded to the court a quo for the determination of compensation, including attorney's fees, to which the appellant is entitled as above indicated. No pronouncement as to costs. 
Concepcion, C.J., Reyes, J.B.L., Zaldivar, Castro, Fernando, Teehankee, Barredo, Villamor and Makasiar JJ., concur. 
POWER OF TAXATION

G.R. No. L-22734             September 15, 1967
COMMISSIONER OF INTERNAL REVENUE, petitioner, 
vs.
MANUEL B. PINEDA, as one of the heirs of deceased ATANASIO PINEDA, respondent.
Office of the Solicitor General for petitioner.
Manuel B. Pineda for and in his own behalf as respondent.
 
BENGZON, J.P., J.:
          On May 23, 1945 Atanasio Pineda died, survived by his wife, Felicisima Bagtas, and 15 children, the eldest of whom is Manuel B. Pineda, a lawyer. Estate proceedings were had in the Court of First Instance of Manila (Case No. 71129) wherein the surviving widow was appointed administratrix. The estate was divided among and awarded to the heirs and the proceedings terminated on June 8, 1948. Manuel B. Pineda's share amounted to about P2,500.00.
          After the estate proceedings were closed, the Bureau of Internal Revenue investigated the income tax liability of the estate for the years 1945, 1946, 1947 and 1948 and it found that the corresponding income tax returns were not filed. Thereupon, the representative of the Collector of Internal Revenue filed said returns for the estate on the basis of information and data obtained from the aforesaid estate proceedings and issued an assessment for the following:
1.
Deficiency income tax

1945
P135.83


1946
436.95


1947
1,206.91
P1,779.69

  Add: 5% surcharge
88.98


1% monthly interest from November 30, 1953 to April 15, 1957
720.77


Compromise for late filing
80.00


Compromise for late payment
40.00

Total amount due

P2,707.44
===========
2.
Additional residence tax for 1945
P14.50
===========
3.
Real Estate dealer's tax for the fourth quarter of 1946 and the whole year of 1947
P207.50
===========
          Manuel B. Pineda, who received the assessment, contested the same. Subsequently, he appealed to the Court of Tax Appeals alleging that he was appealing "only that proportionate part or portion pertaining to him as one of the heirs."
          After hearing the parties, the Court of Tax Appeals rendered judgment reversing the decision of the Commissioner on the ground that his right to assess and collect the tax has prescribed. The Commissioner appealed and this Court affirmed the findings of the Tax Court in respect to the assessment for income tax for the year 1947 but held that the right to assess and collect the taxes for 1945 and 1946 has not prescribed. For 1945 and 1946 the returns were filed on August 24, 1953; assessments for both taxable years were made within five years therefrom or on October 19, 1953; and the action to collect the tax was filed within five years from the latter date, on August 7, 1957. For taxable year 1947, however, the return was filed on March 1, 1948; the assessment was made on October 19, 1953, more than five years from the date the return was filed; hence, the right to assess income tax for 1947 had prescribed. Accordingly, We remanded the case to the Tax Court for further appropriate proceedings.1
          In the Tax Court, the parties submitted the case for decision without additional evidence.
          On November 29, 1963 the Court of Tax Appeals rendered judgment holding Manuel B. Pineda liable for the payment corresponding to his share of the following taxes:
Deficiency income tax
1945
P135.83

1946
436.95

Real estate dealer's fixed tax 4th quarter of 1946 and whole year of 1947
P187.50

          The Commissioner of Internal Revenue has appealed to Us and has proposed to hold Manuel B. Pineda liable for the payment of all the taxes found by the Tax Court to be due from the estate in the total amount of P760.28 instead of only for the amount of taxes corresponding to his share in the estate.1awphîl.nèt
          Manuel B. Pineda opposes the proposition on the ground that as an heir he is liable for unpaid income tax due the estate only up to the extent of and in proportion to any share he received. He relies on Government of the Philippine Islands v. Pamintuan2 where We held that "after the partition of an estate, heirs and distributees are liable individually for the payment of all lawful outstanding claims against the estate in proportion to the amount or value of the property they have respectively received from the estate."
          We hold that the Government can require Manuel B. Pineda to pay the full amount of the taxes assessed.
          Pineda is liable for the assessment as an heir and as a holder-transferee of property belonging to the estate/taxpayer. As an heir he is individually answerable for the part of the tax proportionate to the share he received from the inheritance.3 His liability, however, cannot exceed the amount of his share.4
          As a holder of property belonging to the estate, Pineda is liable for he tax up to the amount of the property in his possession. The reason is that the Government has a lien on the P2,500.00 received by him from the estate as his share in the inheritance, for unpaid income taxes4a for which said estate is liable, pursuant to the last paragraph of Section 315 of the Tax Code, which we quote hereunder:
          If any person, corporation, partnership, joint-account (cuenta en participacion), association, or insurance company liable to pay the income tax, neglects or refuses to pay the same after demand, the amount shall be a lien in favor of the Government of the Philippines from the time when the assessment was made by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue until paid with interest, penalties, and costs that may accrue in addition thereto upon all property and rights to property belonging to the taxpayer: . . .
          By virtue of such lien, the Government has the right to subject the property in Pineda's possession, i.e., the P2,500.00, to satisfy the income tax assessment in the sum of P760.28. After such payment, Pineda will have a right of contribution from his co-heirs,5 to achieve an adjustment of the proper share of each heir in the distributable estate.
          All told, the Government has two ways of collecting the tax in question. One, by going after all the heirs and collecting from each one of them the amount of the tax proportionate to the inheritance received. This remedy was adopted in Government of the Philippine Islands v. Pamintuan, supra. In said case, the Government filed an action against all the heirs for the collection of the tax. This action rests on the concept that hereditary property consists only of that part which remains after the settlement of all lawful claims against the estate, for the settlement of which the entire estate is first liable.6 The reason why in case suit is filed against all the heirs the tax due from the estate is levied proportionately against them is to achieve thereby two results: first, payment of the tax; and second, adjustment of the shares of each heir in the distributed estate as lessened by the tax.
          Another remedy, pursuant to the lien created by Section 315 of the Tax Code upon all property and rights to property belonging to the taxpayer for unpaid income tax, is by subjecting said property of the estate which is in the hands of an heir or transferee to the payment of the tax due, the estate. This second remedy is the very avenue the Government took in this case to collect the tax. The Bureau of Internal Revenue should be given, in instances like the case at bar, the necessary discretion to avail itself of the most expeditious way to collect the tax as may be envisioned in the particular provision of the Tax Code above quoted, because taxes are the lifeblood of government and their prompt and certain availability is an imperious need.7 And as afore-stated in this case the suit seeks to achieve only one objective: payment of the tax. The adjustment of the respective shares due to the heirs from the inheritance, as lessened by the tax, is left to await the suit for contribution by the heir from whom the Government recovered said tax.
          WHEREFORE, the decision appealed from is modified. Manuel B. Pineda is hereby ordered to pay to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue the sum of P760.28 as deficiency income tax for 1945 and 1946, and real estate dealer's fixed tax for the fourth quarter of 1946 and for the whole year 1947, without prejudice to his right of contribution for his co-heirs. No costs. So ordered.
Concepcion, C.J., Reyes, J.B.L., Dizon, Makalintal, Zaldivar, Sanchez, Castro, Angeles and Fernando, JJ., concur.
G.R. No. 87479 June 4, 1990
NATIONAL POWER CORPORATION, petitioner, 
vs.
THE PROVINCE OF ALBAY, ALBAY GOVERNOR ROMEO R. SALALIMA, and ALBAY PROVINCIAL TREASURER ABUNDIO M. NUÑEZ, respondents. 
Romulo L. Ricafort and Jesus R. Cornago for respondents. 
 
SARMIENTO, J.:
The National Power Corporation (NAPOCOR) questions the power of the provincial government of Albay to collect real property taxes on its properties located at Tiwi, Albay, amassed between June 11, 1984 up to March 10, 1987. 
It appears that on March 14 and 15, 1989, the respondents caused the publication of a notice of auction sale involving the properties of NAPOCOR and the Philippine Geothermal Inc. consisting of buildings, machines, and similar improvements standing on their offices at Tiwi, Albay. The amounts to be realized from this advertised auction sale are supposed to be applied to the tax delinquencies claimed, as and for, as we said, real property taxes. The back taxes NAPOCOR has supposedly accumulated were computed at P214,845,184.76. 
NAPOCOR opposed the sale, interposing in support of its non-liability Resolution No. 17-87, of the Fiscal Incentives Review Board (FIRB), which provides as follows: 
BE IT RESOLVED, AS IT IS HEREBY RESOLVED, That the tax and duty exemption privileges of the National Power Corporation, including those pertaining to its domestic purchases of petroleum and petroleum products, granted under the terms and conditions of Commonwealth Act No. 120 (Creating the National Power Corporation, defining its powers, objectives and functions, and for other purposes), as amended, are restored effective March 10, 1987, subject to the following conditions: 1 
as well as the Memorandum of Executive Secretary Catalino Macaraig, which also states thus: 
Pursuant to Sections 1 (f) and 2 (e) of Executive Order No. 93, series of 1986, FIRB Resolution No. 17-87, series of 1987, restoring, subject to certain conditions prescribed therein, the tax and duty exemption privileges of NPC as provided under Commonwealth Act No. 120, as amended, effective March 10, 1987, is hereby confirmed and approved. 2 
On March 10, 1989, the Court resolved to issue a temporary restraining order directing the Albay provincial government "to CEASE AND DESIST from selling and disposing of the NAPOCOR properties subject matter of this petition. 3 It appears, however, that "the temporary restraining order failed to reach respondents before the scheduled bidding at 10:00 a.m. on March 30, 1989 ... [h]ence, the respondents proceeded with the bidding wherein the Province of Albay was the highest bidder. 4 
The Court gathers from the records that: 
(1) Under Section 13, of Republic Act No. 6395, amending Commonwealth Act No. 120 (charter of NAPOCOR): 
Section 13. Non-profit Character of the Corporation; Exemption from All Taxes, Duties, Fees, Imposts and Other Charges by the Government and Government Instrumentalities. The Corporation shall be non-profit and shall devote all its returns from its capital investment as well as excess revenues from its operation, for expansion, To enable the Corporation to pay its indebtedness and obligations and in furtherance and effective implementation of the policy enunciated in Section One of this Act, the Corporation, including its subsidiaries, is hereby declared exempt from the payment of all forms of taxes, duties, fees, imposts as well as costs and service fees including filing fees, appeal bonds, supersedeas bonds, in any court or administrative proceedings. 5
(2) On August 24, 1975, Presidential Decree No. 776 was promulgated, creating the Fiscal Incentives Review Board (FIRB). Among other things, the Board was tasked as follows: 
Section 2. A Fiscal Incentives Review Board is hereby created for the purpose of determining what subsidies and tax exemptions should be modified, withdrawn, revoked or suspended, which shall be composed of the following officials: 
Chairman - Secretary of Finance 
Members - Secretary of Industry
- Director General of the National Economic and
Development Authority 
- Commissioner of Internal Revenue
- Commissioner of Customs 
The Board may recommend to the President of the Philippines and for reasons of compatibility with the declared economic policy, the withdrawal, modification, revocation or suspension of the enforceability of any of the abovestated statutory subsidies or tax exemption grants, except those granted by the Constitution. To attain its objectives, the Board may require the assistance of any appropriate government agency or entity. The Board shall meet once a month, or oftener at the call of the Secretary of Finance. 6 
(3) On June 11, 1984, Presidential Decree No. 1931 was promulgated, prescribing, among other things, that: 
Section 1. The provisions of special or general law to the contrary notwithstanding, all exemptions from the payment of duties, taxes, fees, impost and other charges heretofore granted in favor of government-owned or controlled corporations including their subsidiaries are hereby withdrawn. 7 
(4) Meanwhile, FIRB Resolution No. 10-85 was issued, "restoring" NAPOCOR's tax exemption effective June 11, 1984 to June 30, 1985; 
(5) Thereafter, FIRB Resolution No. 1-86 was issued, granting tax exemption privileges to NAPOCOR from July 1, 1985 and indefinitely thereafter; 
(6) Likewise, FIRB Resolution No. 17-87 was promulgated, giving NAPOCOR tax exemption privileges effective until March 10, 1987; 8 
(7) On December 17, 1986, Executive Order No. 93 was promulgated by President Corazon Aquino, providing, among other things, as follows: 
SECTION 1. The provisions of any general or special law to the contrary notwithstanding, all tax and duty incentives granted to government and private entities are hereby withdrawn, except. 9 
and 
SECTION 2. The Fiscal Incentives Review Board created under Presidential Decree No. 776, as amended, is hereby authorized to: 
a) restore tax and/or duty exemptions withdrawn hereunder in whole or in part; 
b) revise the scope and coverage of tax and/or duty exemption that may be restored; 
c) impose conditions for the restoration of tax and/or duty exemption; 
d) prescribe the date or period of effectivity of the restoration of tax and/or duty exemption; 
e) formulate and submit to the President for approval, a complete system for the grant of subsidies to deserving beneficiaries, in lieu of or in combination with the restoration of tax and duty exemptions or preferential treatment in taxation, indicating the source of funding therefor, eligible beneficiaries and the terms and conditions for the grant thereof taking into consideration the international commitments of the Philippines and the necessary precautions such that the grant of subsidies does not become the basis for countervailing action. 10 
(8) On October 5, 1987, the Office of the President issued the Memorandum, confirming NAPOCOR's tax exemption aforesaid. 11 
The provincial government of Albay now defends the auction sale in question on the theory that the various FIRB issuances constitute an undue delegation of the taxing Power and hence, null and void, under the Constitution. It is also contended that, insofar as Executive Order No. 93 authorizes the FIRB to grant tax exemptions, the same is of no force and effect under the constitutional provision allowing the legislature alone to accord tax exemption privileges. 
It is to be pointed out that under Presidential Decree No. 776, the power of the FIRB was merely to "recommend to the President of the Philippines and for reasons of compatibility with the declared economic policy, the withdrawal, modification, revocation or suspension of the enforceability of any of the above-cited statutory subsidies or tax exemption grants, except those granted by the Constitution." It has no authority to impose taxes or revoke existing ones, which, after all, under the Constitution, only the legislature may accomplish. 12 The question therefore is whether or not the various tax exemptions granted by virtue of FIRB Resolutions Nos. 10-85, 1-86, and 17-87 are valid and constitutional. 
We shall deal with FIRB No. 17-87 later, but with respect to FIRB Resolutions Nos. 10- 85 and 1-86, we sustain the provincial government of Albay. 
As we said, the FIRB, under its charter, Presidential Decree No. 776, had been empowered merely to "recommend" tax exemptions. By itself, it could not have validly prescribed exemptions or restore taxability. Hence, as of June 11, 1984 (promulgation of Presidential Decree No. 1931), NAPOCOR had ceased to enjoy tax exemption privileges. 
The fact that under Executive Order No. 93, the FIRB has been given the prerogative to "restore tax and/or duty exemptions withdrawn hereunder in whole or in part," 13 and "impose conditions for ... tax and/or duty exemption" 14 is of no moment. These provisions are prospective in character and can not affect the Board's past acts. 
The Court is aware that in its preamble, Executive Order No. 93 states: 
WHEREAS, a number of affected entities, government and private were able to get back their tax and duty exemption privileges through the review mechanism implemented by the Fiscal Incentives Review Board (FIRB); 15 but by no means can we say that it has "ratified" the acts of FIRB. It is to misinterpret the scope of FIRB's powers under Presidential Decree No. 776 to say that it has. Apart from that, Section 2 of the Executive Order was clearly intended to amend Presidential Decree No. 776, which means, mutatis mutandis, that FIRB did not have the right, in the first place, to grant tax exemptions or withdraw existing ones. 
Does Executive Order No. 93 constitute an unlawful delegation of legislative power? It is to be stressed that the provincial government of Albay admits that as of March 10, 1987 (the date Resolution No. 17-87 was affirmed by the Memorandum of the Office of the President, dated October 5, 1987), NAPOCOR's exemption had been validly restored. What it questions is NAPOCOR's liability in the interregnum between June 11, 1984, the date its tax privileges were withdrawn, and March 10, 1987, the date they were purportedly restored. To be sure, it objects to Executive Order No. 93 as alledgedly a delegation of legislative power, but only insofar as its (NAPOCOR's) June 11, 1984 to March 10, 1987 tax accumulation is concerned. We therefore leave the issue of "delegation" to the future and its constitutionality when the proper case arises. For the nonce, we leave Executive Order No. 93 alone, and so also, its validity as far as it grants tax exemptions (through the FIRB) beginning December 17, 1986, the date of its promulgation. 
NAPOCOR must then be held liable for the intervening years aforesaid. So it has been held: 
xxx xxx xxx
The last issue to be resolved is whether or not the private-respondent is liable for the fixed and deficiency percentage taxes in the amount of P3,025.96 (i.e. for the period from January 1, 1946 to February 29, 1948) before the approval of its municipal franchises. As aforestated, the franchises were approved by the President only on February 24,1948. Therefore, before the said date, the private respondent was liable for the payment of percentage and fixed taxes as seller of light, heat, and power which, as the petitioner claims, amounted to P3,025.96. The legislative franchise (R.A. No. 3843) exempted the grantee from all kinds of taxes other than the 2% tax from the date the original franchise was granted. The exemption, therefore, did not cover the period before the franchise was granted, i.e. before February 24, 1948. ... 16 
Actually, the State has no reason to decry the taxation of NAPOCOR's properties, as and by way of real property taxes. Real property taxes, after all, form part and parcel of the financing apparatus of the Government in development and nation-building, particularly in the local government level, Thus: 
SEC. 86. Distribution of proceeds. — (a) The proceeds of the real property tax, except as otherwise provided in this Code, shall accrue to the province, city or municipality where the property subject to the tax is situated and shall be applied by the respective local government unit for its own use and benefit. 
(b) Barrio shares in real property tax collections. — The annual shares of the barrios in real property tax collections shall be as follows: 
(1) Five per cent of the real property tax collections of the province and another five percent of the collections of the municipality shall accrue to the barrio where the property subject to the tax is situated. 
(2) In the case of the city, ten per cent of the collections of the tax shag likewise accrue to the barrio where the property is situated. 
Thirty per cent of the barrio shares herein referred to may be spent for salaries or per diems of the barrio officials and other administrative expenses, while the remaining seventy per cent shall be utilized for development projects approved by the Secretary of Local Government and Community Development or by such committee created, or representatives designated, by him. 
SEC. 87. Application of proceeds. — (a) The proceeds of the real property tax pertaining to the city and to the municipality shall accrue entirely to their respective general funds. In the case of the province, one-fourth thereof shall accrue to its road and bridge fund and the remaining three-fourths, to its general fund. 
(b) The entire proceeds of the additional one per cent real property tax levied for the Special Education Fund created under R.A. No. 5447 collected in the province or city on real property situated in their respective territorial jurisdictions shall be distributed as follows: 
(1) Collections in the provinces: Fifty per cent shall accrue to the municipality where the property subject to the tax is situated; twenty per cent shall accrue to the province; and thirty per cent shall be remitted to the Treasurer of the Philippines to be expended exclusively for stabilizing the Special Education Fund in municipalities, cities and provinces in accordance with the provisions of Section seven of R.A. No. 5447. 
(2) Collections in the cities: Sixty per cent shall be retained by the city; and forty per cent shall be remitted to the Treasurer of the Philippines to be expended exclusively for stabilizing the special education fund in municipalities, cities and provinces as provided under Section 7 of R.A. No. 5447. 
However, any increase in the shares of provinces, cities and municipalities from said additional tax accruing to their respective local school boards commencing with fiscal year 1973-74 over what has been actually realized during the fiscal year 1971-72 which, for purposes of this Code, shall remain as the based year, shall be divided equally between the general fund and the special education fund of the local government units concerned. The Secretary of Finance may, however, at his discretion, increase to not more than seventy-five per cent the amount that shall accrue annually to the local general fund. 
(c) The proceeds of all delinquent taxes and penalties, as well as the income realized from the use, lease or other disposition of real property acquired by the province or city at a public auction in accordance with the provisions of this Code, and the proceeds of the sale of the delinquent real property or, of the redemption thereof shall accrue to the province, city or municipality in the same manner and proportion as if the tax or taxes had been paid in regular course. 
(d) The proceeds of the additional real property tax on Idle private lands shall accrue to the respective general funds of the province, city and municipality where the land subject to the tax is situated. 17 
To all intents and purposes, real property taxes are funds taken by the State with one hand and given to the other. In no measure can the Government be said to have lost anything. 
As a rule finally, claims of tax exemption are construed strongly against the claimant. 18 They must also be shown to exist clearly and categorically, and supported by clear legal provisions. 19 
Taxes are the lifeblood of the nation. 20 Their primary purpose is to generate funds for the State to finance the needs of the citizenry and to advance the common weal. 
WHEREFORE, the petition is DENIED. No costs. The auction sale of the petitioner's properties to answer for real estate taxes accumulated between June 11, 1984 through March 10, 1987 is hereby declared valid. 
SO ORDERED. 
Fernan, C.J., Narvasa, Melencio-Herrera, Gutierrez, Jr., Cruz, Paras, Padilla, Bidin, Cortes and Medialdea, JJ., concur. 
Feliciano, J., concurs in the result. 
Regalado, J., took no part.
Gancayco and Griño-Aquino, JJ., are on leave. 
G.R. No. L-24756            October 31, 1968
CITY OF BAGUIO, plaintiff-appellee, 
vs.
FORTUNATO DE LEON, defendant-appellant.
The City Attorney for plaintiff-appellee.
Fortunato de Leon for and in his own behalf as defendant-appellant.
FERNANDO, J.:
In this appeal, a lower court decision upholding the validity of an ordinance1 of the City of Baguio imposing a license fee on any person, firm, entity or corporation doing business in the City of Baguio is assailed by defendant-appellant Fortunato de Leon. He was held liable as a real estate dealer with a property therein worth more than P10,000, but not in excess of P50,000, and therefore obligated to pay under such ordinance the P50 annual fee. That is the principal question. In addition, there has been a firm and unyielding insistence by defendant-appellant of the lack of jurisdiction of the City Court of Baguio, where the suit originated, a complaint having been filed against him by the City Attorney of Baguio for his failure to pay the amount of P300 as license fee covering the period from the first quarter of 1958 to the fourth quarter of 1962, allegedly, inspite of repeated demands. Nor was defendant-appellant agreeable to such a suit being instituted by the City Treasurer without the consent of the Mayor, which for him was indispensable. The lower court was of a different mind.
In its decision of December 19, 1964, it declared the above ordinance as amended, valid and subsisting, and held defendant-appellant liable for the fees therein prescribed as a real estate dealer. Hence, this appeal. Assume the validity of such ordinance, and there would be no question about the liability of defendant-appellant for the above license fee, it being shown in the partial stipulation of facts, that he was "engaged in the rental of his property in Baguio" deriving income therefrom during the period covered by the first quarter of 1958 to the fourth quarter of 1962.
The source of authority for the challenged ordinance is supplied by Republic Act No. 329, amending the city charter of Baguio2 empowering it to fix the license fee and regulate "businesses, trades and occupations as may be established or practiced in the City."
Unless it can be shown then that such a grant of authority is not broad enough to justify the enactment of the ordinance now assailed, the decision appealed from must be affirmed. The task confronting defendant-appellant, therefore, was far from easy. Why he failed is understandable, considering that even a cursory reading of the above amendment readily discloses that the enactment of the ordinance in question finds support in the power thus conferred.
Nor is the question raised by him as to the validity thereof novel in character. In Medina v. City of Baguio,3 the effect of the amendatory section insofar as it would expand the previous power vested by the city charter was clarified in these terms: "Appellants apparently have in mind section 2553, paragraph (c) of the Revised Administrative Code, which empowers the City of Baguio merely to impose a license fee for the purpose of rating the business that may be established in the city. The power as thus conferred is indeed limited, as it does not include the power to levy a tax. But on July 15, 1948, Republic Act No. 329 was enacted amending the charter of said city and adding to its power to license the power to tax and to regulate. And it is precisely having in view this amendment that Ordinance No. 99 was approved in order to increase the revenues of the city. In our opinion, the amendment above adverted to empowers the city council not only to impose a license fee but also to levy a tax for purposes of revenue, more so when in amending section 2553 (b), the phrase 'as provided by law' has been removed by section 2 of Republic Act No. 329. The city council of Baguio, therefore, has now the power to tax, to license and to regulate provided that the subjects affected be one of those included in the charter. In this sense, the ordinance under consideration cannot be considered ultra vires whether its purpose be to levy a tax or impose a license fee. The terminology used is of no consequence."
It would be an undue and unwarranted emasculation of the above power thus granted if defendant-appellant were to be sustained in his contention that no such statutory authority for the enactment of the challenged ordinance could be discerned from the language used in the amendatory act. That is about all that needs to be said in upholding the lower court, considering that the City of Baguio was not devoid of authority in enacting this particular ordinance. As mentioned at the outset, however, defendant-appellant likewise alleged procedural missteps and asserted that the challenged ordinance suffered from certain constitutional infirmities. To such points raised by him, we shall now turn.
1. Defendant-appellant makes much of the alleged lack of jurisdiction of the City Court of Baguio in the suit for the collection of the real estate dealer's fee from him in the amount of P300. He contended before the lower court, and it is his contention now, that while the amount of P300 sought was within the jurisdiction of the City Court of Baguio where this action originated, since the principal issue was the legality and constitutionality of the challenged ordinance, it is not such City Court but the Court of First Instance that has original jurisdiction.
There is here a misapprehension of the Judiciary Act. The City Court has jurisdiction. Only recently, on September 7, 1968 to be exact, we rejected a contention similar in character in Nemenzo v. Sabillano.4 The plaintiff in that case filed a claim for the payment of his salary before the Justice of the Peace Court of Pagadian, Zamboanga del Sur. The question of jurisdiction was raised; the defendant Mayor asserted that what was in issue was the enforcement of the decision of the Commission of Civil Service; the Justice of the Peace Court was thus without jurisdiction to try the case. The above plea was curtly dismissed by Us, as what was involved was "an ordinary money claim" and therefore "within the original jurisdiction of the Justice of the Peace Court where it was filed, considering the amount involved." Such is likewise the situation here.
Moreover, in City of Manila v. Bugsuk Lumber Co.,5 a suit to collect from a defendant this license fee corresponding to the years 1951 and 1952 was filed with the Municipal Court of Manila, in view of the amount involved. The thought that the municipal court lacked jurisdiction apparently was not even in the minds of the parties and did not receive any consideration by this Court.
Evidently, the fear is entertained by defendant-appellant that whenever a constitutional question is raised, it is the Court of First Instance that should have original jurisdiction on the matter. It does not admit of doubt, however, that what confers jurisdiction is the amount set forth in the complaint. Here, the sum sought to be recovered was clearly within the jurisdiction of the City Court of Baguio.
Nor could it be plausibly maintained that the validity of such ordinance being open to question as a defense against its enforcement from one adversely affected, the matter should be elevated to the Court of First Instance. For the City Court could rely on the presumption of the validity of such ordinance,6 and the mere fact, however, that in the answer to such a complaint a constitutional question was raised did not suffice to oust the City Court of its jurisdiction. The suit remains one for collection, the lack of validity being only a defense to such an attempt at recovery. Since the City Court is possessed of judicial power and it is likewise axiomatic that the judicial power embraces the ascertainment of facts and the application of the law, the Constitution as the highest law superseding any statute or ordinance in conflict therewith, it cannot be said that a City Court is bereft of competence to proceed on the matter. In the exercise of such delicate power, however, the admonition of Cooley on inferior tribunals is well worth remembering. Thus: "It must be evident to any one that the power to declare a legislative enactment void is one which the judge, conscious of the fallibility of the human judgment, will shrink from exercising in any case where he can conscientiously and with due regard to duty and official oath decline the responsibility."7 While it remains undoubted that such a power to pass on the validity of an ordinance alleged to infringe certain constitutional rights of a litigant exists, still it should be exercised with due care and circumspection, considering not only the presumption of validity but also the relatively modest rank of a city court in the judicial hierarchy.
2. To repeat the challenged ordinance cannot be considered ultra vires as there is more than ample statutory authority for the enactment thereof. Nonetheless, its validity on constitutional grounds is challenged because of the allegation that it imposed double taxation, which is repugnant to the due process clause, and that it violated the requirement of uniformity. We do not view the matter thus.
As to why double taxation is not violative of due process, Justice Holmes made clear in this language: "The objection to the taxation as double may be laid down on one side. ... The 14th Amendment [the due process clause] no more forbids double taxation than it does doubling the amount of a tax, short of confiscation or proceedings unconstitutional on other grounds."8With that decision rendered at a time when American sovereignty in the Philippines was recognized, it possesses more than just a persuasive effect. To some, it delivered the coup de grace to the bogey of double taxation as a constitutional bar to the exercise of the taxing power. It would seem though that in the United States, as with us, its ghost as noted by an eminent critic, still stalks the juridical state. In a 1947 decision, however,9 we quoted with approval this excerpt from a leading American decision:10 "Where, as here, Congress has clearly expressed its intention, the statute must be sustained even though double taxation results."
At any rate, it has been expressly affirmed by us that such an "argument against double taxation may not be invoked where one tax is imposed by the state and the other is imposed by the city ..., it being widely recognized that there is nothing inherently obnoxious in the requirement that license fees or taxes be exacted with respect to the same occupation, calling or activity by both the state and the political subdivisions thereof."11
The above would clearly indicate how lacking in merit is this argument based on double taxation.
Now, as to the claim that there was a violation of the rule of uniformity established by the constitution. According to the challenged ordinance, a real estate dealer who leases property worth P50,000 or above must pay an annual fee of P100. If the property is worth P10,000 but not over P50,000, then he pays P50 and P24 if the value is less than P10,000. On its face, therefore, the above ordinance cannot be assailed as violative of the constitutional requirement of uniformity. In Philippine Trust Company v. Yatco,12 Justice Laurel, speaking for the Court, stated: "A tax is considered uniform when it operates with the same force and effect in every place where the subject may be found."
There was no occasion in that case to consider the possible effect on such a constitutional requirement where there is a classification. The opportunity came in Eastern Theatrical Co. v. Alfonso.13 Thus: "Equality and uniformity in taxation means that all taxable articles or kinds of property of the same class shall be taxed at the same rate. The taxing power has the authority to make reasonable and natural classifications for purposes of taxation; ..." About two years later, Justice Tuason, speaking for this Court in Manila Race Horses Trainers Assn. v. De la Fuente14 incorporated the above excerpt in his opinion and continued: "Taking everything into account, the differentiation against which the plaintiffs complain conforms to the practical dictates of justice and equity and is not discriminatory within the meaning of the Constitution."
To satisfy this requirement then, all that is needed as held in another case decided two years later, 15 is that the statute or ordinance in question "applies equally to all persons, firms and corporations placed in similar situation." This Court is on record as accepting the view in a leading American case16 that "inequalities which result from a singling out of one particular class for taxation or exemption infringe no constitutional limitation."17
It is thus apparent from the above that in much the same way that the plea of double taxation is unavailing, the allegation that there was a violation of the principle of uniformity is inherently lacking in persuasiveness. There is no need to pass upon the other allegations to assail the validity of the above ordinance, it being maintained that the license fees therein imposed "is excessive, unreasonable and oppressive" and that there is a failure to observe the mandate of equal protection. A reading of the ordinance will readily disclose their inherent lack of plausibility.
3. That would dispose of all the errors assigned, except the last two, which would predicate a grievance on the complaint having been started by the City Treasurer rather than the City Mayor of Baguio. These alleged errors, as was the case with the others assigned, lack merit.
In much the same way that an act of a department head of the national government, performed within the limits of his authority, is presumptively the act of the President unless reprobated or disapproved,18 similarly the act of the City Treasurer, whose position is roughly analogous, may be assumed to carry the seal of approval of the City Mayor unless repudiated or set aside. This should be the case considering that such city official is called upon to see to it that revenues due the City are collected. When administrative steps are futile and unavailing, given the stubbornness and obduracy of a taxpayer, convinced in good faith that no tax was due, judicial remedy may be resorted to by him. It would be a reflection on the state of the law if such fidelity to duty would be met by condemnation rather than commendation.
So, much for the analytical approach. The conclusion thus reached has a reinforcement that comes to it from the functional and pragmatic test. If a city treasurer has to await the nod from the city mayor before a municipal ordinance is enforced, then opportunity exists for favoritism and undue discrimination to come into play. Whatever valid reason may exist as to why one taxpayer is to be accorded a treatment denied another, the suspicion is unavoidable that such a manifestation of official favor could have been induced by unnamed but not unknown consideration. It would not be going too far to assert that even defendant-appellant would find no satisfaction in such a sad state of affairs. The more desirable legal doctrine therefore, on the assumption that a choice exists, is one that would do away with such temptation on the part of both taxpayer and public official alike.
WHEREFORE, the lower court decision of December 19, 1964, is hereby affirmed. Costs against defendant-appellant.
Concepcion, CJ., Reyes, J.B.L., Dizon, Makalintal, Sanchez, Castro, Angeles and Capistrano, JJ., concur.
Zaldivar, J., is on leave.
G.R. No. L-26862 March 30, 1970
REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES, plaintiff-appellant, 
vs.
PHILIPPINE RABBIT BUS LINES, INC., defendant-appellee.
Office of the Solicitor General Antonio P. Barredo, Assistant Solicitor General Pacifico P. de Castro and Solicitor Enrique M. Reyes for plaintiff-appellant.
Angel A. Sison for defendant-appellee.
 
FERNANDO, J.:
The right of a holder of a backpay certificate to use the same in the payment of his taxes has been recognized by law.1 Necessarily, this Court, in Tirona v. Cudiamat,2 yielding obedience to such statutory prescription, saw nothing objectionable in a taxpayer taking advantage of such a provision. That much is clear; it is settled beyond doubt. What is involved in this appeal from a lower court decision of November 24, 1965, dismissing a complaint by plaintiff-appellant Republic of the Philippines, seeking the invalidation of the payment by defendant-appellee Philippine Rabbit Bus Lines, Inc. for the registration fees3 of its motor vehicles in the sum of P78,636.17, in the form of such negotiable backpay certificates of indebtedness, is the applicability of such a provision to such a situation. The lower court held that it did. The Republic of the Philippines appealed. While originally the matter was elevated to the Court of Appeals, it was certified to us, the decisive issue being one of law. The statute having restricted the privilege to the satisfaction of a tax, a liability for fees under the police power being thus excluded from its benefits, we cannot uphold the decision appealed from. We reverse.
The complaint of plaintiff-appellant Republic of the Philippines was filed on January 17, 1963 alleging that defendant-appellee, as the registered owner of two hundred thirty eight (238) motor vehicles, paid to the Motor Vehicles Office in Baguio the amount of P78,636.17, corresponding to the second installment of registration fees for 1959, not in cash but in the form of negotiable certificate of indebtedness, the defendant being merely an assignee and not the backpay holder itself. The complaint sought the payment of such amount with surcharges plus the legal rate of interest from the filing thereof and a declaration of the nullity of the use of such negotiable certificate of indebtedness to satisfy its obligation. The answer by defendant-appellee, filed on February 18, 1963, alleged that what it did was in accordance with law, both the Treasurer of the Philippines and the General Auditing Office having signified their conformity to such a mode of payment. It sought the dismissal of the complaint.
After noting the respective theories of both parties in its pleadings, the lower court, in its decision, stated that the issue before it "is whether or not the acceptance of the negotiable certificates of indebtedness tendered by defendant bus firms to and accepted by the Motor Vehicles Office of Baguio City and the corresponding issuance of official receipts therefor acknowledging such payment by said office is valid and binding on plaintiff Republic."4 
In the decision now on appeal, the lower court, after referring to a documentary evidence introduced by plaintiff-appellant continued: "From the evidence adduced by defendant bus firm, it appears that as early as August 28, 1958, the National Treasurer upon whom devolves the function of administering the Back Pay Law (Republic Act 304 as amended by Republic Act Nos. 800 and 897), in his letter to the Chief of the Motor Vehicles Office who in turn quoted and circularized same in his Circular No. 5 dated September 1, 1958, to draw the attention thereto of all Motor Vehicle Supervisors, Registrars and employees ..., had approved the acceptance of negotiable certificates of indebtedness in payment of registration fees of motor vehicles with the view that such certificates 'should be accorded with the same confidence by other governmental instrumentalities as other evidences of public debt, such as bonds and treasury certificates'. Significantly, the Auditor General concurred in the said view of the National Treasurer."5 
The argument of plaintiff-appellant that only the holders of the backpay certificates themselves could apply the same to the payment of motor vehicle registration fees did not find favor with the lower court. Thus, "[Plaintiff] Republic urges that defendant bus firm being merely an assignee of the negotiable certificates of indebtedness in question, it could not use the same in payment of taxes. Such contention, this Court believes, runs counter to the recitals appearing on the said certificates which states that 'the Republic of the Philippines hereby acknowledges to (name) or assigns ...', legally allowing the assignment of backpay rights."6 
It therefore, as above noted, rendered judgment in favor of defendant-appellee "upholding the validity and efficacy" of such payment made and dismissing the complaint. Hence this appeal which, on the decisive legal issue already set forth at the outset, we find meritorious.
1. If a registration fee were a tax, then what was done by defendant-appellee was strictly in accordance with law and its nullity, as sought by plaintiff-appellant Republic of the Philippines, cannot be decreed. But is it? The answer to that question is decisive of this controversy. A tax refers to a financial obligation imposed by a state on persons, whether natural or juridical, within its jurisdiction, for property owned, income earned, business or profession engaged in, or any such activity analogous in character for raising the necessary revenues to take care of the responsibilities of government.7 An often-quoted definition is that of Cooley: "Taxes are the enforced proportional contributions from persons and property levied by the state by virtue of its sovereignty for the support of government and for all public needs."8 
As distinguished from other pecuniary burdens, the differentiating factor is that the purpose to be subserved is the raising of revenue. A tax then is neither a penalty that must be satisfied or a liability arising from contract.9 Much less can it be confused or identified with a license or a fee as a manifestation of an exercise of the police power. It has been settled law in this jurisdiction as far back as Cu Unjieng v. Potstone, decided in 1962, 10 that this broad and all-encompassing governmental competence to restrict rights of liberty and property carries with it the undeniable power to collect a regulatory fee. Unlike a tax, it has not for its object the raising of revenue but looks rather to the enactment of specific measures that govern the relations not only as between individuals but also as between private parties and the political society. To quote from Cooley anew: "Legislation for these purposes it would seem proper to look upon as being made in the exercise of that authority ... spoken of as the police power." 11 
The registration fee which defendant-appellee had to pay was imposed by Section 8 of the Revised Motor Vehicle Law. 12 Its heading speaks of "registration fees." The term is repeated four times in the body thereof. Equally so, mention is made of the "fee for registration." 13 A subsection starts with a categorical statement "No fees shall be charged." 14 The conclusion is difficult to resist therefore that the Motor Vehicle Act requires the payment not of a tax but of a registration fee under the police power. Hence the inapplicability of the section relied upon by defendant-appellee under the Back Pay Law. It is not held liable for a tax but for a registration fee. It therefore cannot make use of a backpay certificate to meet such an obligation.
Any vestige of any doubt as to the correctness of the above conclusion should be dissipated by Republic Act No. 5448. 15 A special science fund was thereby created and its title expressly sets forth that a tax on privately-owned passenger automobiles, motorcycles and scooters was imposed. The rates thereof were provided for in its Section 3 which clearly specifies that "additional tax" was to be paid as distinguished from the registration fee under the Motor Vehicle Act. There cannot be any clearer expression therefore of the legislative will, even on the assumption that the earlier legislation could be stretching the point be susceptible of the interpretation that a tax rather than a fee was levied. What is thus most apparent is that where the legislative body relies on its authority to tax it expressly so states, and where it is enacting a regulatory measure, it is equally explicit.
It may further be stated that a statute is meaningful not only by what it includes but also by what it omits. What is left out is not devoid of significance. As observed by Frankfurter: "An omission at the time of enactment, whether careless or calculated, cannot be judicially supplied however much later wisdom may recommend the inclusion. 16 In the light of this consideration, the reversal of the appealed judgment is unavoidable.
2. In the brief for plaintiff-appellant Republic of the Philippines, filed by the then Solicitor General, now Justice Antonio P. Barredo, the principal error imputed to the trial court is its failure to hold that the Back Pay Law prohibits an assignee, as is defendant-appellee, from using certificates of indebtedness to pay their taxes. In view of the conclusion reached by us that the liability of defendant-appellee under the Motor Vehicle Act does not arise under the taxing power of the state, there is no need to pass upon this particular question.
3. The Republic of the Philippines, in its brief, likewise assigned as error the failure of the lower court to hold that estoppel does not lie against the government for mistakes committed by its agents. As could be discerned from an excerpt of the decision earlier referred to, the lower court was impressed by the fact that the national treasurer to whom it correctly referred as being vested with the function of administering the backpay law did in a communication to the Motor Vehicles Office approve the acceptance of negotiable certificate of indebtedness in payment of registration fees, a view with which the Auditor General was in concurrence. The appealed decision likewise noted: "By the testimonies of Pedro Flores, the then Registrar of the Motor Vehicles Office of Baguio City and Casiano Catbagan, the Cashier of the Bureau of Public Highways in the same city, defendant bus firm has undisputedly shown that, after the said certificates of indebtedness were properly indorsed in favor of the Motor Vehicles Office of Baguio City and accepted by the Bureau of Public Highways on May 29, 1959, it was duly and properly issued official receipts ... acknowledging full payment of its registration fees for the second installment of 1959 of its 238 vehicles, and that the Bureau of Public Highways, thru its collecting and disbursing officer, was validly and regularly authorized to receive such payment." 17 
Thus did the lower court, as pointed out by the then Solicitor General, conclude that the government was bound by the mistaken interpretation arrived at by the national treasurer and the auditor general. It would consider estoppel as applicable. That is not the law. Estoppel does not lie. Such a principle dates back to Aguinaldo de Romero v. Director of Lands, 18 a 1919 decision. Insofar as the taxing power is concerned, Pineda v. Court of First Instance, a 1929 decision, speaks categorically: "The Government is never estopped by mistake or error on the part of its agents. It follows that, in so far as this record shows, the petitioners have not made it appear that the additional tax claimed by the Collector is not in fact due and collectible. The assessment of the tax by the Collector creates, it must be remembered, a charge that is at least prima facie valid." 19 That principle has since been subsequently followed. 20 While the question here is one of the collection of a regulatory fee under the police power, reliance on the above course of decisions is not inappropriate. There is nothing to stand in the way, therefore, of the collection of the registration fees from defendant-appellee.
WHEREFORE, the decision of November 24, 1965 is reversed and defendant-appellee ordered to pay the sum of P78,636.17. With costs against defendant-appellee.
Concepcion, C.J., Reyes, J.B.L., Dizon, Makalintal, Zaldivar, Teehankee and Villamor, JJ., concur.
Castro, J., concurs in the result.
Barredo, J., took no part.





SECTION 1
ICHONG VS. HERNANDEZ
G.R. No. L-7995             May 31, 1957
LAO H. ICHONG, in his own behalf and in behalf of other alien residents, corporations and partnerships adversely affected. by Republic Act No. 1180, petitioner, 
vs.
JAIME HERNANDEZ, Secretary of Finance, and MARCELINO SARMIENTO, City Treasurer of Manila, respondents.
Ozaeta, Lichauco and Picazo and Sycip, Quisumbing, Salazar and Associates for petitioner.
Office of the Solicitor General Ambrosio Padilla and Solicitor Pacifico P. de Castro for respondent Secretary of Finance.
City Fiscal Eugenio Angeles and Assistant City Fiscal Eulogio S. Serrano for respondent City Treasurer.
Dionisio Reyes as Amicus Curiae.
Marcial G. Mendiola as Amicus Curiae.
Emiliano R. Navarro as Amicus Curiae.
LABRADOR, J.:
I. The case and issue, in general
This Court has before it the delicate task of passing upon the validity and constitutionality of a legislative enactment, fundamental and far-reaching in significance. The enactment poses questions of due process, police power and equal protection of the laws. It also poses an important issue of fact, that is whether the conditions which the disputed law purports to remedy really or actually exist. Admittedly springing from a deep, militant, and positive nationalistic impulse, the law purports to protect citizen and country from the alien retailer. Through it, and within the field of economy it regulates, Congress attempts to translate national aspirations for economic independence and national security, rooted in the drive and urge for national survival and welfare, into a concrete and tangible measures designed to free the national retailer from the competing dominance of the alien, so that the country and the nation may be free from a supposed economic dependence and bondage. Do the facts and circumstances justify the enactment?
II. Pertinent provisions of Republic Act No. 1180
Republic Act No. 1180 is entitled "An Act to Regulate the Retail Business." In effect it nationalizes the retail trade business. The main provisions of the Act are: (1) a prohibition against persons, not citizens of the Philippines, and against associations, partnerships, or corporations the capital of which are not wholly owned by citizens of the Philippines, from engaging directly or indirectly in the retail trade; (2) an exception from the above prohibition in favor of aliens actually engaged in said business on May 15, 1954, who are allowed to continue to engaged therein, unless their licenses are forfeited in accordance with the law, until their death or voluntary retirement in case of natural persons, and for ten years after the approval of the Act or until the expiration of term in case of juridical persons; (3) an exception therefrom in favor of citizens and juridical entities of the United States; (4) a provision for the forfeiture of licenses (to engage in the retail business) for violation of the laws on nationalization, control weights and measures and labor and other laws relating to trade, commerce and industry; (5) a prohibition against the establishment or opening by aliens actually engaged in the retail business of additional stores or branches of retail business, (6) a provision requiring aliens actually engaged in the retail business to present for registration with the proper authorities a verified statement concerning their businesses, giving, among other matters, the nature of the business, their assets and liabilities and their offices and principal offices of judicial entities; and (7) a provision allowing the heirs of aliens now engaged in the retail business who die, to continue such business for a period of six months for purposes of liquidation.
III. Grounds upon which petition is based-Answer thereto
Petitioner, for and in his own behalf and on behalf of other alien residents corporations and partnerships adversely affected by the provisions of Republic Act. No. 1180, brought this action to obtain a judicial declaration that said Act is unconstitutional, and to enjoin the Secretary of Finance and all other persons acting under him, particularly city and municipal treasurers, from enforcing its provisions. Petitioner attacks the constitutionality of the Act, contending that: (1) it denies to alien residents the equal protection of the laws and deprives of their liberty and property without due process of law ; (2) the subject of the Act is not expressed or comprehended in the title thereof; (3) the Act violates international and treaty obligations of the Republic of the Philippines; (4) the provisions of the Act against the transmission by aliens of their retail business thru hereditary succession, and those requiring 100% Filipino capitalization for a corporation or entity to entitle it to engage in the retail business, violate the spirit of Sections 1 and 5, Article XIII and Section 8 of Article XIV of the Constitution.
In answer, the Solicitor-General and the Fiscal of the City of Manila contend that: (1) the Act was passed in the valid exercise of the police power of the State, which exercise is authorized in the Constitution in the interest of national economic survival; (2) the Act has only one subject embraced in the title; (3) no treaty or international obligations are infringed; (4) as regards hereditary succession, only the form is affected but the value of the property is not impaired, and the institution of inheritance is only of statutory origin.
IV. Preliminary consideration of legal principles involved
a. The police power. — 
There is no question that the Act was approved in the exercise of the police power, but petitioner claims that its exercise in this instance is attended by a violation of the constitutional requirements of due process and equal protection of the laws. But before proceeding to the consideration and resolution of the ultimate issue involved, it would be well to bear in mind certain basic and fundamental, albeit preliminary, considerations in the determination of the ever recurrent conflict between police power and the guarantees of due process and equal protection of the laws. What is the scope of police power, and how are the due process and equal protection clauses related to it? What is the province and power of the legislature, and what is the function and duty of the courts? These consideration must be clearly and correctly understood that their application to the facts of the case may be brought forth with clarity and the issue accordingly resolved.
It has been said the police power is so far - reaching in scope, that it has become almost impossible to limit its sweep. As it derives its existence from the very existence of the State itself, it does not need to be expressed or defined in its scope; it is said to be co-extensive with self-protection and survival, and as such it is the most positive and active of all governmental processes, the most essential, insistent and illimitable. Especially is it so under a modern democratic framework where the demands of society and of nations have multiplied to almost unimaginable proportions; the field and scope of police power has become almost boundless, just as the fields of public interest and public welfare have become almost all-embracing and have transcended human foresight. Otherwise stated, as we cannot foresee the needs and demands of public interest and welfare in this constantly changing and progressive world, so we cannot delimit beforehand the extent or scope of police power by which and through which the State seeks to attain or achieve interest or welfare. So it is that Constitutions do not define the scope or extent of the police power of the State; what they do is to set forth the limitations thereof. The most important of these are the due process clause and the equal protection clause.
b. Limitations on police power. — 
The basic limitations of due process and equal protection are found in the following provisions of our Constitution:
SECTION 1.(1) No person shall be deprived of life, liberty or property without due process of law, nor any person be denied the equal protection of the laws. (Article III, Phil. Constitution)
These constitutional guarantees which embody the essence of individual liberty and freedom in democracies, are not limited to citizens alone but are admittedly universal in their application, without regard to any differences of race, of color, or of nationality. (Yick Wo vs. Hopkins, 30, L. ed. 220, 226.)
c. The, equal protection clause. — 
The equal protection of the law clause is against undue favor and individual or class privilege, as well as hostile discrimination or the oppression of inequality. It is not intended to prohibit legislation, which is limited either in the object to which it is directed or by territory within which is to operate. It does not demand absolute equality among residents; it merely requires that all persons shall be treated alike, under like circumstances and conditions both as to privileges conferred and liabilities enforced. The equal protection clause is not infringed by legislation which applies only to those persons falling within a specified class, if it applies alike to all persons within such class, and reasonable grounds exists for making a distinction between those who fall within such class and those who do not. (2 Cooley, Constitutional Limitations, 824-825.)
d. The due process clause. — 
The due process clause has to do with the reasonableness of legislation enacted in pursuance of the police power. Is there public interest, a public purpose; is public welfare involved? Is the Act reasonably necessary for the accomplishment of the legislature's purpose; is it not unreasonable, arbitrary or oppressive? Is there sufficient foundation or reason in connection with the matter involved; or has there not been a capricious use of the legislative power? Can the aims conceived be achieved by the means used, or is it not merely an unjustified interference with private interest? These are the questions that we ask when the due process test is applied.
The conflict, therefore, between police power and the guarantees of due process and equal protection of the laws is more apparent than real. Properly related, the power and the guarantees are supposed to coexist. The balancing is the essence or, shall it be said, the indispensable means for the attainment of legitimate aspirations of any democratic society. There can be no absolute power, whoever exercise it, for that would be tyranny. Yet there can neither be absolute liberty, for that would mean license and anarchy. So the State can deprive persons of life, liberty and property, provided there is due process of law; and persons may be classified into classes and groups, provided everyone is given the equal protection of the law. The test or standard, as always, is reason. The police power legislation must be firmly grounded on public interest and welfare, and a reasonable relation must exist between purposes and means. And if distinction and classification has been made, there must be a reasonable basis for said distinction.
e. Legislative discretion not subject to judicial review. — 
Now, in this matter of equitable balancing, what is the proper place and role of the courts? It must not be overlooked, in the first place, that the legislature, which is the constitutional repository of police power and exercises the prerogative of determining the policy of the State, is by force of circumstances primarily the judge of necessity, adequacy or reasonableness and wisdom, of any law promulgated in the exercise of the police power, or of the measures adopted to implement the public policy or to achieve public interest. On the other hand, courts, although zealous guardians of individual liberty and right, have nevertheless evinced a reluctance to interfere with the exercise of the legislative prerogative. They have done so early where there has been a clear, patent or palpable arbitrary and unreasonable abuse of the legislative prerogative. Moreover, courts are not supposed to override legitimate policy, and courts never inquire into the wisdom of the law.
V. Economic problems sought to be remedied
With the above considerations in mind, we will now proceed to delve directly into the issue involved. If the disputed legislation were merely a regulation, as its title indicates, there would be no question that it falls within the legitimate scope of legislative power. But it goes further and prohibits a group of residents, the aliens, from engaging therein. The problem becomes more complex because its subject is a common, trade or occupation, as old as society itself, which from the immemorial has always been open to residents, irrespective of race, color or citizenship.
a. Importance of retail trade in the economy of the nation. — 
In a primitive economy where families produce all that they consume and consume all that they produce, the dealer, of course, is unknown. But as group life develops and families begin to live in communities producing more than what they consume and needing an infinite number of things they do not produce, the dealer comes into existence. As villages develop into big communities and specialization in production begins, the dealer's importance is enhanced. Under modern conditions and standards of living, in which man's needs have multiplied and diversified to unlimited extents and proportions, the retailer comes as essential as the producer, because thru him the infinite variety of articles, goods and needed for daily life are placed within the easy reach of consumers. Retail dealers perform the functions of capillaries in the human body, thru which all the needed food and supplies are ministered to members of the communities comprising the nation.
There cannot be any question about the importance of the retailer in the life of the community. He ministers to the resident's daily needs, food in all its increasing forms, and the various little gadgets and things needed for home and daily life. He provides his customers around his store with the rice or corn, the fish, the salt, the vinegar, the spices needed for the daily cooking. He has cloths to sell, even the needle and the thread to sew them or darn the clothes that wear out. The retailer, therefore, from the lowly peddler, the owner of a small sari-sari store, to the operator of a department store or, a supermarket is so much a part of day-to-day existence.
b. The alien retailer's trait. — 
The alien retailer must have started plying his trades in this country in the bigger centers of population (Time there was when he was unknown in provincial towns and villages). Slowly but gradually be invaded towns and villages; now he predominates in the cities and big centers of population. He even pioneers, in far away nooks where the beginnings of community life appear, ministering to the daily needs of the residents and purchasing their agricultural produce for sale in the towns. It is an undeniable fact that in many communities the alien has replaced the native retailer. He has shown in this trade, industry without limit, and the patience and forbearance of a slave.
Derogatory epithets are hurled at him, but he laughs these off without murmur; insults of ill-bred and insolent neighbors and customers are made in his face, but he heeds them not, and he forgets and forgives. The community takes note of him, as he appears to be harmless and extremely useful.
c. Alleged alien control and dominance. — 
There is a general feeling on the part of the public, which appears to be true to fact, about the controlling and dominant position that the alien retailer holds in the nation's economy. Food and other essentials, clothing, almost all articles of daily life reach the residents mostly through him. In big cities and centers of population he has acquired not only predominance, but apparent control over distribution of almost all kinds of goods, such as lumber, hardware, textiles, groceries, drugs, sugar, flour, garlic, and scores of other goods and articles. And were it not for some national corporations like the Naric, the Namarco, the Facomas and the Acefa, his control over principal foods and products would easily become full and complete.
Petitioner denies that there is alien predominance and control in the retail trade. In one breath it is said that the fear is unfounded and the threat is imagined; in another, it is charged that the law is merely the result of radicalism and pure and unabashed nationalism. Alienage, it is said, is not an element of control; also so many unmanageable factors in the retail business make control virtually impossible. The first argument which brings up an issue of fact merits serious consideration. The others are matters of opinion within the exclusive competence of the legislature and beyond our prerogative to pass upon and decide.
The best evidence are the statistics on the retail trade, which put down the figures in black and white. Between the constitutional convention year (1935), when the fear of alien domination and control of the retail trade already filled the minds of our leaders with fears and misgivings, and the year of the enactment of the nationalization of the retail trade act (1954), official statistics unmistakably point out to the ever-increasing dominance and control by the alien of the retail trade, as witness the following tables:
(Estimated Assets and Gross Sales of Retail Establishments, By Year and Nationality of Owners, Benchmark: 1948 Census, issued by the Bureau of Census and Statistics, Department of Commerce and Industry; pp. 18-19 of Answer.)
The above statistics do not include corporations and partnerships, while the figures on Filipino establishments already include mere market vendors, whose capital is necessarily small..
The above figures reveal that in percentage distribution of assests and gross sales, alien participation has steadily increased during the years. It is true, of course, that Filipinos have the edge in the number of retailers, but aliens more than make up for the numerical gap through their assests and gross sales which average between six and seven times those of the very many Filipino retailers. Numbers in retailers, here, do not imply superiority; the alien invests more capital, buys and sells six to seven times more, and gains much more. The same official report, pointing out to the known predominance of foreign elements in the retail trade, remarks that the Filipino retailers were largely engaged in minor retailer enterprises. As observed by respondents, the native investment is thinly spread, and the Filipino retailer is practically helpless in matters of capital, credit, price and supply.
d. Alien control and threat, subject of apprehension in Constitutional convention. — 
It is this domination and control, which we believe has been sufficiently shown to exist, that is the legislature's target in the enactment of the disputed nationalization would never have been adopted. The framers of our Constitution also believed in the existence of this alien dominance and control when they approved a resolution categorically declaring among other things, that "it is the sense of the Convention that the public interest requires the nationalization of the retail trade; . . . ." (II Aruego, The Framing of the Philippine Constitution, 662-663, quoted on page 67 of Petitioner.) That was twenty-two years ago; and the events since then have not been either pleasant or comforting. Dean Sinco of the University of the Philippines College of Law, commenting on the patrimony clause of the Preamble opines that the fathers of our Constitution were merely translating the general preoccupation of Filipinos "of the dangers from alien interests that had already brought under their control the commercial and other economic activities of the country" (Sinco, Phil. Political Law, 10th ed., p. 114); and analyzing the concern of the members of the constitutional convention for the economic life of the citizens, in connection with the nationalistic provisions of the Constitution, he says:
But there has been a general feeling that alien dominance over the economic life of the country is not desirable and that if such a situation should remain, political independence alone is no guarantee to national stability and strength. Filipino private capital is not big enough to wrest from alien hands the control of the national economy. Moreover, it is but of recent formation and hence, largely inexperienced, timid and hesitant. Under such conditions, the government as the instrumentality of the national will, has to step in and assume the initiative, if not the leadership, in the struggle for the economic freedom of the nation in somewhat the same way that it did in the crusade for political freedom. Thus . . . it (the Constitution) envisages an organized movement for the protection of the nation not only against the possibilities of armed invasion but also against its economic subjugation by alien interests in the economic field. (Phil. Political Law by Sinco, 10th ed., p. 476.)
Belief in the existence of alien control and predominance is felt in other quarters. Filipino businessmen, manufacturers and producers believe so; they fear the dangers coming from alien control, and they express sentiments of economic independence. Witness thereto is Resolution No. 1, approved on July 18, 1953, of the Fifth National convention of Filipino Businessmen, and a similar resolution, approved on March 20, 1954, of the Second National Convention of Manufacturers and Producers. The man in the street also believes, and fears, alien predominance and control; so our newspapers, which have editorially pointed out not only to control but to alien stranglehold. We, therefore, find alien domination and control to be a fact, a reality proved by official statistics, and felt by all the sections and groups that compose the Filipino community.
e. Dangers of alien control and dominance in retail. — 
But the dangers arising from alien participation in the retail trade does not seem to lie in the predominance alone; there is a prevailing feeling that such predominance may truly endanger the national interest. With ample capital, unity of purpose and action and thorough organization, alien retailers and merchants can act in such complete unison and concert on such vital matters as the fixing of prices, the determination of the amount of goods or articles to be made available in the market, and even the choice of the goods or articles they would or would not patronize or distribute, that fears of dislocation of the national economy and of the complete subservience of national economy and of the consuming public are not entirely unfounded. Nationals, producers and consumers alike can be placed completely at their mercy. This is easily illustrated. Suppose an article of daily use is desired to be prescribed by the aliens, because the producer or importer does not offer them sufficient profits, or because a new competing article offers bigger profits for its introduction. All that aliens would do is to agree to refuse to sell the first article, eliminating it from their stocks, offering the new one as a substitute. Hence, the producers or importers of the prescribed article, or its consumers, find the article suddenly out of the prescribed article, or its consumers, find the article suddenly out of circulation. Freedom of trade is thus curtailed and free enterprise correspondingly suppressed.
We can even go farther than theoretical illustrations to show the pernicious influences of alien domination. Grave abuses have characterized the exercise of the retail trade by aliens. It is a fact within judicial notice, which courts of justice may not properly overlook or ignore in the interests of truth and justice, that there exists a general feeling on the part of the public that alien participation in the retail trade has been attended by a pernicious and intolerable practices, the mention of a few of which would suffice for our purposes; that at some time or other they have cornered the market of essential commodities, like corn and rice, creating artificial scarcities to justify and enhance profits to unreasonable proportions; that they have hoarded essential foods to the inconvenience and prejudice of the consuming public, so much so that the Government has had to establish the National Rice and Corn Corporation to save the public from their continuous hoarding practices and tendencies; that they have violated price control laws, especially on foods and essential commodities, such that the legislature had to enact a law (Sec. 9, Republic Act No. 1168), authorizing their immediate and automatic deportation for price control convictions; that they have secret combinations among themselves to control prices, cheating the operation of the law of supply and demand; that they have connived to boycott honest merchants and traders who would not cater or yield to their demands, in unlawful restraint of freedom of trade and enterprise. They are believed by the public to have evaded tax laws, smuggled goods and money into and out of the land, violated import and export prohibitions, control laws and the like, in derision and contempt of lawful authority. It is also believed that they have engaged in corrupting public officials with fabulous bribes, indirectly causing the prevalence of graft and corruption in the Government. As a matter of fact appeals to unscrupulous aliens have been made both by the Government and by their own lawful diplomatic representatives, action which impliedly admits a prevailing feeling about the existence of many of the above practices.
The circumstances above set forth create well founded fears that worse things may come in the future. The present dominance of the alien retailer, especially in the big centers of population, therefore, becomes a potential source of danger on occasions of war or other calamity. We do not have here in this country isolated groups of harmless aliens retailing goods among nationals; what we have are well organized and powerful groups that dominate the distribution of goods and commodities in the communities and big centers of population. They owe no allegiance or loyalty to the State, and the State cannot rely upon them in times of crisis or emergency. While the national holds his life, his person and his property subject to the needs of his country, the alien may even become the potential enemy of the State.
f. Law enacted in interest of national economic survival and security. — 
We are fully satisfied upon a consideration of all the facts and circumstances that the disputed law is not the product of racial hostility, prejudice or discrimination, but the expression of the legitimate desire and determination of the people, thru their authorized representatives, to free the nation from the economic situation that has unfortunately been saddled upon it rightly or wrongly, to its disadvantage. The law is clearly in the interest of the public, nay of the national security itself, and indisputably falls within the scope of police power, thru which and by which the State insures its existence and security and the supreme welfare of its citizens.
VI. The Equal Protection Limitation
a. Objections to alien participation in retail trade. — The next question that now poses solution is, Does the law deny the equal protection of the laws? As pointed out above, the mere fact of alienage is the root and cause of the distinction between the alien and the national as a trader. The alien resident owes allegiance to the country of his birth or his adopted country; his stay here is for personal convenience; he is attracted by the lure of gain and profit. His aim or purpose of stay, we admit, is neither illegitimate nor immoral, but he is naturally lacking in that spirit of loyalty and enthusiasm for this country where he temporarily stays and makes his living, or of that spirit of regard, sympathy and consideration for his Filipino customers as would prevent him from taking advantage of their weakness and exploiting them. The faster he makes his pile, the earlier can the alien go back to his beloved country and his beloved kin and countrymen. The experience of the country is that the alien retailer has shown such utter disregard for his customers and the people on whom he makes his profit, that it has been found necessary to adopt the legislation, radical as it may seem.
Another objection to the alien retailer in this country is that he never really makes a genuine contribution to national income and wealth. He undoubtedly contributes to general distribution, but the gains and profits he makes are not invested in industries that would help the country's economy and increase national wealth. The alien's interest in this country being merely transient and temporary, it would indeed be ill-advised to continue entrusting the very important function of retail distribution to his hands.
The practices resorted to by aliens in the control of distribution, as already pointed out above, their secret manipulations of stocks of commodities and prices, their utter disregard of the welfare of their customers and of the ultimate happiness of the people of the nation of which they are mere guests, which practices, manipulations and disregard do not attend the exercise of the trade by the nationals, show the existence of real and actual, positive and fundamental differences between an alien and a national which fully justify the legislative classification adopted in the retail trade measure. These differences are certainly a valid reason for the State to prefer the national over the alien in the retail trade. We would be doing violence to fact and reality were we to hold that no reason or ground for a legitimate distinction can be found between one and the other.
b. Difference in alien aims and purposes sufficient basis for distinction. — 
The above objectionable characteristics of the exercise of the retail trade by the aliens, which are actual and real, furnish sufficient grounds for legislative classification of retail traders into nationals and aliens. Some may disagree with the wisdom of the legislature's classification. To this we answer, that this is the prerogative of the law-making power. Since the Court finds that the classification is actual, real and reasonable, and all persons of one class are treated alike, and as it cannot be said that the classification is patently unreasonable and unfounded, it is in duty bound to declare that the legislature acted within its legitimate prerogative and it can not declare that the act transcends the limit of equal protection established by the Constitution.
Broadly speaking, the power of the legislature to make distinctions and classifications among persons is not curtailed or denied by the equal protection of the laws clause. The legislative power admits of a wide scope of discretion, and a law can be violative of the constitutional limitation only when the classification is without reasonable basis. In addition to the authorities we have earlier cited, we can also refer to the case of Linsey vs. Natural Carbonic Fas Co. (1911), 55 L. ed., 369, which clearly and succinctly defined the application of equal protection clause to a law sought to be voided as contrary thereto:
. . . . "1. The equal protection clause of the Fourteenth Amendment does not take from the state the power to classify in the adoption of police laws, but admits of the exercise of the wide scope of discretion in that regard, and avoids what is done only when it is without any reasonable basis, and therefore is purely arbitrary. 2. A classification having some reasonable basis does not offend against that clause merely because it is not made with mathematical nicety, or because in practice it results in some inequality. 3. When the classification in such a law is called in question, if any state of facts reasonably can be conceived that would sustain it, the existence of that state of facts at the time the law was enacted must be assumed. 4. One who assails the classification in such a law must carry the burden of showing that it does not rest upon any reasonable basis but is essentially arbitrary."
c. Authorities recognizing citizenship as basis for classification. — 
The question as to whether or not citizenship is a legal and valid ground for classification has already been affirmatively decided in this jurisdiction as well as in various courts in the United States. In the case of Smith Bell & Co. vs. Natividad, 40 Phil. 136, where the validity of Act No. 2761 of the Philippine Legislature was in issue, because of a condition therein limiting the ownership of vessels engaged in coastwise trade to corporations formed by citizens of the Philippine Islands or the United States, thus denying the right to aliens, it was held that the Philippine Legislature did not violate the equal protection clause of the Philippine Bill of Rights. The legislature in enacting the law had as ultimate purpose the encouragement of Philippine shipbuilding and the safety for these Islands from foreign interlopers. We held that this was a valid exercise of the police power, and all presumptions are in favor of its constitutionality. In substance, we held that the limitation of domestic ownership of vessels engaged in coastwise trade to citizens of the Philippines does not violate the equal protection of the law and due process or law clauses of the Philippine Bill of Rights. In rendering said decision we quoted with approval the concurring opinion of Justice Johnson in the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, 9 Wheat., I, as follows:
"Licensing acts, in fact, in legislation, are universally restraining acts; as, for example, acts licensing gaming houses, retailers of spirituous liquors, etc. The act, in this instance, is distinctly of that character, and forms part of an extensive system, the object of which is to encourage American shipping, and place them on an equal footing with the shipping of other nations. Almost every commercial nation reserves to its own subjects a monopoly of its coasting trade; and a countervailing privilege in favor of American shipping is contemplated, in the whole legislation of the United States on this subject. It is not to give the vessel an American character, that the license is granted; that effect has been correctly attributed to the act of her enrollment. But it is to confer on her American privileges, as contra distinguished from foreign; and to preserve the Government from fraud by foreigners; in surreptitiously intruding themselves into the American commercial marine, as well as frauds upon the revenue in the trade coastwise, that this whole system is projected."
The rule in general is as follows:
Aliens are under no special constitutional protection which forbids a classification otherwise justified simply because the limitation of the class falls along the lines of nationality. That would be requiring a higher degree of protection for aliens as a class than for similar classes than for similar classes of American citizens. Broadly speaking, the difference in status between citizens and aliens constitutes a basis for reasonable classification in the exercise of police power. (2 Am., Jur. 468-469.)
In Commonwealth vs. Hana, 81 N. E. 149 (Massachusetts, 1907), a statute on the licensing of hawkers and peddlers, which provided that no one can obtain a license unless he is, or has declared his intention, to become a citizen of the United States, was held valid, for the following reason: It may seem wise to the legislature to limit the business of those who are supposed to have regard for the welfare, good order and happiness of the community, and the court cannot question this judgment and conclusion. In Bloomfield vs. State, 99 N. E. 309 (Ohio, 1912), a statute which prevented certain persons, among them aliens, from engaging in the traffic of liquors, was found not to be the result of race hatred, or in hospitality, or a deliberate purpose to discriminate, but was based on the belief that an alien cannot be sufficiently acquainted with "our institutions and our life as to enable him to appreciate the relation of this particular business to our entire social fabric", and was not, therefore, invalid. In Ohio ex rel. Clarke vs. Deckebach, 274 U. S. 392, 71 L. ed. 115 (1926), the U.S. Supreme Court had under consideration an ordinance of the city of Cincinnati prohibiting the issuance of licenses (pools and billiard rooms) to aliens. It held that plainly irrational discrimination against aliens is prohibited, but it does not follow that alien race and allegiance may not bear in some instances such a relation to a legitimate object of legislation as to be made the basis of permitted classification, and that it could not state that the legislation is clearly wrong; and that latitude must be allowed for the legislative appraisement of local conditions and for the legislative choice of methods for controlling an apprehended evil. The case of State vs. Carrol, 124 N. E. 129 (Ohio, 1919) is a parallel case to the one at bar. In Asakura vs. City of Seattle, 210 P. 30 (Washington, 1922), the business of pawn brooking was considered as having tendencies injuring public interest, and limiting it to citizens is within the scope of police power. A similar statute denying aliens the right to engage in auctioneering was also sustained in Wright vs. May, L.R.A., 1915 P. 151 (Minnesota, 1914). So also in Anton vs. Van Winkle, 297 F. 340 (Oregon, 1924), the court said that aliens are judicially known to have different interests, knowledge, attitude, psychology and loyalty, hence the prohibitions of issuance of licenses to them for the business of pawnbroker, pool, billiard, card room, dance hall, is not an infringement of constitutional rights. In Templar vs. Michigan State Board of Examiners, 90 N.W. 1058 (Michigan, 1902), a law prohibiting the licensing of aliens as barbers was held void, but the reason for the decision was the court's findings that the exercise of the business by the aliens does not in any way affect the morals, the health, or even the convenience of the community. In Takahashi vs. Fish and Game Commission, 92 L. ed. 1479 (1947), a California statute banning the issuance of commercial fishing licenses to person ineligible to citizenship was held void, because the law conflicts with Federal power over immigration, and because there is no public interest in the mere claim of ownership of the waters and the fish in them, so there was no adequate justification for the discrimination. It further added that the law was the outgrowth of antagonism toward the persons of Japanese ancestry. However, two Justices dissented on the theory that fishing rights have been treated traditionally as natural resources. In Fraser vs. McConway & Tarley Co., 82 Fed. 257 (Pennsylvania, 1897), a state law which imposed a tax on every employer of foreign-born unnaturalized male persons over 21 years of age, was declared void because the court found that there was no reason for the classification and the tax was an arbitrary deduction from the daily wage of an employee.
d. Authorities contra explained. — 
It is true that some decisions of the Federal court and of the State courts in the United States hold that the distinction between aliens and citizens is not a valid ground for classification. But in this decision the laws declared invalid were found to be either arbitrary, unreasonable or capricious, or were the result or product of racial antagonism and hostility, and there was no question of public interest involved or pursued. In Yu Cong Eng vs. Trinidad, 70 L. ed. 1059 (1925), the United States Supreme Court declared invalid a Philippine law making unlawful the keeping of books of account in any language other than English, Spanish or any other local dialect, but the main reasons for the decisions are: (1) that if Chinese were driven out of business there would be no other system of distribution, and (2) that the Chinese would fall prey to all kinds of fraud, because they would be deprived of their right to be advised of their business and to direct its conduct. The real reason for the decision, therefore, is the court's belief that no public benefit would be derived from the operations of the law and on the other hand it would deprive Chinese of something indispensable for carrying on their business. In Yick Wo vs. Hopkins, 30 L. ed 220 (1885) an ordinance conferring powers on officials to withhold consent in the operation of laundries both as to persons and place, was declared invalid, but the court said that the power granted was arbitrary, that there was no reason for the discrimination which attended the administration and implementation of the law, and that the motive thereof was mere racial hostility. In State vs. Montgomery, 47 A. 165 (Maine, 1900), a law prohibiting aliens to engage as hawkers and peddlers was declared void, because the discrimination bore no reasonable and just relation to the act in respect to which the classification was proposed.
The case at bar is radically different, and the facts make them so. As we already have said, aliens do not naturally possess the sympathetic consideration and regard for the customers with whom they come in daily contact, nor the patriotic desire to help bolster the nation's economy, except in so far as it enhances their profit, nor the loyalty and allegiance which the national owes to the land. These limitations on the qualifications of the aliens have been shown on many occasions and instances, especially in times of crisis and emergency. We can do no better than borrow the language of Anton vs. Van Winkle, 297 F. 340, 342, to drive home the reality and significance of the distinction between the alien and the national, thus:
. . . . It may be judicially known, however, that alien coming into this country are without the intimate knowledge of our laws, customs, and usages that our own people have. So it is likewise known that certain classes of aliens are of different psychology from our fellow countrymen. Furthermore, it is natural and reasonable to suppose that the foreign born, whose allegiance is first to their own country, and whose ideals of governmental environment and control have been engendered and formed under entirely different regimes and political systems, have not the same inspiration for the public weal, nor are they as well disposed toward the United States, as those who by citizenship, are a part of the government itself. Further enlargement, is unnecessary. I have said enough so that obviously it cannot be affirmed with absolute confidence that the Legislature was without plausible reason for making the classification, and therefore appropriate discriminations against aliens as it relates to the subject of legislation. . . . .
VII. The Due Process of Law Limitation.
a. Reasonability, the test of the limitation; determination by legislature decisive. — 
We now come to due process as a limitation on the exercise of the police power. It has been stated by the highest authority in the United States that:
. . . . And the guaranty of due process, as has often been held, demands only that the law shall not be unreasonable, arbitrary or capricious, and that the means selected shall have a real and substantial relation to the subject sought to be attained. . . . .
x x x           x x x           x x x
So far as the requirement of due process is concerned and in the absence of other constitutional restriction a state is free to adopt whatever economic policy may reasonably be deemed to promote public welfare, and to enforce that policy by legislation adapted to its purpose. The courts are without authority either to declare such policy, or, when it is declared by the legislature, to override it. If the laws passed are seen to have a reasonable relation to a proper legislative purpose, and are neither arbitrary nor discriminatory, the requirements of due process are satisfied, and judicial determination to that effect renders a court functus officio. . . . (Nebbia vs. New York, 78 L. ed. 940, 950, 957.)
Another authority states the principle thus:
. . . . Too much significance cannot be given to the word "reasonable" in considering the scope of the police power in a constitutional sense, for the test used to determine the constitutionality of the means employed by the legislature is to inquire whether the restriction it imposes on rights secured to individuals by the Bill of Rights are unreasonable, and not whether it imposes any restrictions on such rights. . . .
x x x           x x x           x x x
. . . . A statute to be within this power must also be reasonable in its operation upon the persons whom it affects, must not be for the annoyance of a particular class, and must not be unduly oppressive. (11 Am. Jur. Sec. 302., 1:1)- 1074-1075.)
In the case of Lawton vs. Steele, 38 L. ed. 385, 388. it was also held:
. . . . To justify the state in thus interposing its authority in behalf of the public, it must appear, first, that the interests of the public generally, as distinguished from those of a particular class, require such interference; and second, that the means are reasonably necessary for the accomplishment of the purpose, and not unduly oppressive upon individuals. . . .
Prata Undertaking Co. vs. State Board of Embalming, 104 ALR, 389, 395, fixes this test of constitutionality:
In determining whether a given act of the Legislature, passed in the exercise of the police power to regulate the operation of a business, is or is not constitutional, one of the first questions to be considered by the court is whether the power as exercised has a sufficient foundation in reason in connection with the matter involved, or is an arbitrary, oppressive, and capricious use of that power, without substantial relation to the health, safety, morals, comfort, and general welfare of the public.
b. Petitioner's argument considered. — 
Petitioner's main argument is that retail is a common, ordinary occupation, one of those privileges long ago recognized as essential to the orderly pursuant of happiness by free men; that it is a gainful and honest occupation and therefore beyond the power of the legislature to prohibit and penalized. This arguments overlooks fact and reality and rests on an incorrect assumption and premise, i.e., that in this country where the occupation is engaged in by petitioner, it has been so engaged by him, by the alien in an honest creditable and unimpeachable manner, without harm or injury to the citizens and without ultimate danger to their economic peace, tranquility and welfare. But the Legislature has found, as we have also found and indicated, that the privilege has been so grossly abused by the alien, thru the illegitimate use of pernicious designs and practices, that he now enjoys a monopolistic control of the occupation and threatens a deadly stranglehold on the nation's economy endangering the national security in times of crisis and emergency.
The real question at issue, therefore, is not that posed by petitioner, which overlooks and ignores the facts and circumstances, but this, Is the exclusion in the future of aliens from the retail trade unreasonable. Arbitrary capricious, taking into account the illegitimate and pernicious form and manner in which the aliens have heretofore engaged therein? As thus correctly stated the answer is clear. The law in question is deemed absolutely necessary to bring about the desired legislative objective, i.e., to free national economy from alien control and dominance. It is not necessarily unreasonable because it affects private rights and privileges (11 Am. Jur. pp. 1080-1081.) The test of reasonableness of a law is the appropriateness or adequacy under all circumstances of the means adopted to carry out its purpose into effect (Id.) Judged by this test, disputed legislation, which is not merely reasonable but actually necessary, must be considered not to have infringed the constitutional limitation of reasonableness.
The necessity of the law in question is explained in the explanatory note that accompanied the bill, which later was enacted into law:
This bill proposes to regulate the retail business. Its purpose is to prevent persons who are not citizens of the Philippines from having a strangle hold upon our economic life. If the persons who control this vital artery of our economic life are the ones who owe no allegiance to this Republic, who have no profound devotion to our free institutions, and who have no permanent stake in our people's welfare, we are not really the masters of our destiny. All aspects of our life, even our national security, will be at the mercy of other people.
In seeking to accomplish the foregoing purpose, we do not propose to deprive persons who are not citizens of the Philippines of their means of livelihood. While this bill seeks to take away from the hands of persons who are not citizens of the Philippines a power that can be wielded to paralyze all aspects of our national life and endanger our national security it respects existing rights.
The approval of this bill is necessary for our national survival.
If political independence is a legitimate aspiration of a people, then economic independence is none the less legitimate. Freedom and liberty are not real and positive if the people are subject to the economic control and domination of others, especially if not of their own race or country. The removal and eradication of the shackles of foreign economic control and domination, is one of the noblest motives that a national legislature may pursue. It is impossible to conceive that legislation that seeks to bring it about can infringe the constitutional limitation of due process. The attainment of a legitimate aspiration of a people can never be beyond the limits of legislative authority.
c. Law expressly held by Constitutional Convention to be within the sphere of legislative action. — 
The framers of the Constitution could not have intended to impose the constitutional restrictions of due process on the attainment of such a noble motive as freedom from economic control and domination, thru the exercise of the police power. The fathers of the Constitution must have given to the legislature full authority and power to enact legislation that would promote the supreme happiness of the people, their freedom and liberty. On the precise issue now before us, they expressly made their voice clear; they adopted a resolution expressing their belief that the legislation in question is within the scope of the legislative power. Thus they declared the their Resolution:
That it is the sense of the Convention that the public interest requires the nationalization of retail trade; but it abstain from approving the amendment introduced by the Delegate for Manila, Mr. Araneta, and others on this matter because it is convinced that the National Assembly is authorized to promulgate a law which limits to Filipino and American citizens the privilege to engage in the retail trade. (11 Aruego, The Framing of the Philippine Constitution, quoted on pages 66 and 67 of the Memorandum for the Petitioner.)
It would do well to refer to the nationalistic tendency manifested in various provisions of the Constitution. Thus in the preamble, a principle objective is the conservation of the patrimony of the nation and as corollary the provision limiting to citizens of the Philippines the exploitation, development and utilization of its natural resources. And in Section 8 of Article XIV, it is provided that "no franchise, certificate, or any other form of authorization for the operation of the public utility shall be granted except to citizens of the Philippines." The nationalization of the retail trade is only a continuance of the nationalistic protective policy laid down as a primary objective of the Constitution. Can it be said that a law imbued with the same purpose and spirit underlying many of the provisions of the Constitution is unreasonable, invalid and unconstitutional?
The seriousness of the Legislature's concern for the plight of the nationals as manifested in the approval of the radical measures is, therefore, fully justified. It would have been recreant to its duties towards the country and its people would it view the sorry plight of the nationals with the complacency and refuse or neglect to adopt a remedy commensurate with the demands of public interest and national survival. As the repository of the sovereign power of legislation, the Legislature was in duty bound to face the problem and meet, through adequate measures, the danger and threat that alien domination of retail trade poses to national economy.
d. Provisions of law not unreasonable. — 
A cursory study of the provisions of the law immediately reveals how tolerant, how reasonable the Legislature has been. The law is made prospective and recognizes the right and privilege of those already engaged in the occupation to continue therein during the rest of their lives; and similar recognition of the right to continue is accorded associations of aliens. The right or privilege is denied to those only upon conviction of certain offenses. In the deliberations of the Court on this case, attention was called to the fact that the privilege should not have been denied to children and heirs of aliens now engaged in the retail trade. Such provision would defeat the law itself, its aims and purposes. Beside, the exercise of legislative discretion is not subject to judicial review. It is well settled that the Court will not inquire into the motives of the Legislature, nor pass upon general matters of legislative judgment. The Legislature is primarily the judge of the necessity of an enactment or of any of its provisions, and every presumption is in favor of its validity, and though the Court may hold views inconsistent with the wisdom of the law, it may not annul the legislation if not palpably in excess of the legislative power. Furthermore, the test of the validity of a law attacked as a violation of due process, is not its reasonableness, but its unreasonableness, and we find the provisions are not unreasonable. These principles also answer various other arguments raised against the law, some of which are: that the law does not promote general welfare; that thousands of aliens would be thrown out of employment; that prices will increase because of the elimination of competition; that there is no need for the legislation; that adequate replacement is problematical; that there may be general breakdown; that there would be repercussions from foreigners; etc. Many of these arguments are directed against the supposed wisdom of the law which lies solely within the legislative prerogative; they do not import invalidity.
VIII. Alleged defect in the title of the law
A subordinate ground or reason for the alleged invalidity of the law is the claim that the title thereof is misleading or deceptive, as it conceals the real purpose of the bill which is to nationalize the retail business and prohibit aliens from engaging therein. The constitutional provision which is claimed to be violated in Section 21 (1) of Article VI, which reads:
No bill which may be enacted in the law shall embrace more than one subject which shall be expressed in the title of the bill.
What the above provision prohibits is duplicity, that is, if its title completely fails to appraise the legislators or the public of the nature, scope and consequences of the law or its operation (I Sutherland, Statutory Construction, Sec. 1707, p. 297.) A cursory consideration of the title and the provisions of the bill fails to show the presence of duplicity. It is true that the term "regulate" does not and may not readily and at first glance convey the idea of "nationalization" and "prohibition", which terms express the two main purposes and objectives of the law. But "regulate" is a broader term than either prohibition or nationalization. Both of these have always been included within the term regulation.
Under the title of an act to "regulate", the sale of intoxicating liquors, the Legislature may prohibit the sale of intoxicating liquors. (Sweet vs. City of Wabash, 41 Ind., 7; quoted in page 41 of Answer.) 
Within the meaning of the Constitution requiring that the subject of every act of the Legislature shall be stated in the tale, the title to regulate the sale of intoxicating liquors, etc." sufficiently expresses the subject of an act prohibiting the sale of such liquors to minors and to persons in the habit of getting intoxicated; such matters being properly included within the subject of regulating the sale. (Williams vs. State, 48 Ind. 306, 308, quoted in p. 42 of Answer.)
The word "regulate" is of broad import, and necessarily implies some degree of restraint and prohibition of acts usually done in connection with the thing to be regulated. While word regulate does not ordinarily convey meaning of prohibit, there is no absolute reason why it should not have such meaning when used in delegating police power in connection with a thing the best or only efficacious regulation of which involves suppression. (State vs. Morton, 162 So. 718, 182 La. 887, quoted in p. 42 of Answer.)
The general rule is for the use of general terms in the title of a bill; it has also been said that the title need not be an index to the entire contents of the law (I Sutherland, Statutory Construction, See. 4803, p. 345.) The above rule was followed the title of the Act in question adopted the more general term "regulate" instead of "nationalize" or "prohibit". Furthermore, the law also contains other rules for the regulation of the retail trade which may not be included in the terms "nationalization" or "prohibition"; so were the title changed from "regulate" to "nationalize" or "prohibit", there would have been many provisions not falling within the scope of the title which would have made the Act invalid. The use of the term "regulate", therefore, is in accord with the principle governing the drafting of statutes, under which a simple or general term should be adopted in the title, which would include all other provisions found in the body of the Act.
One purpose of the constitutional directive that the subject of a bill should be embraced in its title is to apprise the legislators of the purposes, the nature and scope of its provisions, and prevent the enactment into law of matters which have received the notice, action and study of the legislators or of the public. In the case at bar it cannot be claimed that the legislators have been appraised of the nature of the law, especially the nationalization and the prohibition provisions. The legislators took active interest in the discussion of the law, and a great many of the persons affected by the prohibitions in the law conducted a campaign against its approval. It cannot be claimed, therefore, that the reasons for declaring the law invalid ever existed. The objection must therefore, be overruled.
IX. Alleged violation of international treaties and obligations
Another subordinate argument against the validity of the law is the supposed violation thereby of the Charter of the United Nations and of the Declaration of the Human Rights adopted by the United Nations General Assembly. We find no merit in the Nations Charter imposes no strict or legal obligations regarding the rights and freedom of their subjects (Hans Kelsen, The Law of the United Nations, 1951 ed. pp. 29-32), and the Declaration of Human Rights contains nothing more than a mere recommendation or a common standard of achievement for all peoples and all nations (Id. p. 39.) That such is the import of the United Nations Charter aid of the Declaration of Human Rights can be inferred the fact that members of the United Nations Organizations, such as Norway and Denmark, prohibit foreigners from engaging in retail trade, and in most nations of the world laws against foreigners engaged in domestic trade are adopted.
The Treaty of Amity between the Republic of the Philippines and the Republic of China of April 18, 1947 is also claimed to be violated by the law in question. All that the treaty guarantees is equality of treatment to the Chinese nationals "upon the same terms as the nationals of any other country." But the nationals of China are not discriminating against because nationals of all other countries, except those of the United States, who are granted special rights by the Constitution, are all prohibited from engaging in the retail trade. But even supposing that the law infringes upon the said treaty, the treaty is always subject to qualification or amendment by a subsequent law (U. S. vs. Thompson, 258, Fed. 257, 260), and the same may never curtail or restrict the scope of the police power of the State (plaston vs. Pennsylvania, 58 L. ed. 539.)
X. Conclusion
Resuming what we have set forth above we hold that the disputed law was enacted to remedy a real actual threat and danger to national economy posed by alien dominance and control of the retail business and free citizens and country from dominance and control; that the enactment clearly falls within the scope of the police power of the State, thru which and by which it protects its own personality and insures its security and future; that the law does not violate the equal protection clause of the Constitution because sufficient grounds exist for the distinction between alien and citizen in the exercise of the occupation regulated, nor the due process of law clause, because the law is prospective in operation and recognizes the privilege of aliens already engaged in the occupation and reasonably protects their privilege; that the wisdom and efficacy of the law to carry out its objectives appear to us to be plainly evident — as a matter of fact it seems not only appropriate but actually necessary — and that in any case such matter falls within the prerogative of the Legislature, with whose power and discretion the Judicial department of the Government may not interfere; that the provisions of the law are clearly embraced in the title, and this suffers from no duplicity and has not misled the legislators or the segment of the population affected; and that it cannot be said to be void for supposed conflict with treaty obligations because no treaty has actually been entered into on the subject and the police power may not be curtailed or surrendered by any treaty or any other conventional agreement.
Some members of the Court are of the opinion that the radical effects of the law could have been made less harsh in its impact on the aliens. Thus it is stated that the more time should have been given in the law for the liquidation of existing businesses when the time comes for them to close. Our legal duty, however, is merely to determine if the law falls within the scope of legislative authority and does not transcend the limitations of due process and equal protection guaranteed in the Constitution. Remedies against the harshness of the law should be addressed to the Legislature; they are beyond our power and jurisdiction.
The petition is hereby denied, with costs against petitioner.
Paras, C.J., Bengzon, Reyes, A., Bautista Angelo, Concepcion, Reyes, J.B.L., Endencia and Felix, JJ., concur.

Separate Opinions
PADILLA, J., concurring and dissenting:
I agree to the proposition, principle or rule that courts may not inquire into the wisdom of an the Act passed by the Congress and duly approved by the President of the Republic. But the rule does not preclude courts from inquiring and determining whether the Act offends against a provision or provisions of the Constitution. I am satisfied that the Act assailed as violative of the due process of law and the equal protection of the laws clauses of the Constitution does not infringe upon them, insofar as it affects associations, partnership or corporations, the capital of which is not wholly owned by the citizens of the Philippines, and aliens, who are not and have not been engaged in the retail business. I am, however, unable to persuade myself that it does not violate said clauses insofar as the Act applies to associations and partnerships referred to in the Act and to aliens, who are and have heretofore been engaged in said business. When they did engage in the retail business there was no prohibition on or against them to engage in it. They assumed and believed in good faith they were entitled to engaged in the business. The Act allows aliens to continue in business until their death or voluntary retirement from the business or forfeiture of their license; and corporations, associations or partnership, the capital of which is not wholly owned by the citizens of the Philippines to continue in the business for a period of ten years from the date of the approval of the Act (19 June 1954) or until the expiry of term of the existence of the association or partnership or corporation, whichever event comes first. The prohibition on corporations, the capital of which is not wholly owned by citizens of the Philippines, to engage in the retail business for a period of more than ten years from the date of the approval of the Act or beyond the term of their corporate existence, whichever event comes first, is valid and lawful, because the continuance of the existence of such corporations is subject to whatever the Congress may impose reasonably upon them by subsequent legislation.1 But the prohibition to engage in the retail business by associations and partnerships, the capital of which is not wholly owned by citizen of the Philippines, after ten years from the date of the approval of the Act, even before the end of the term of their existence as agreed upon by the associates and partners, and by alien heirs to whom the retail business is transmitted by the death of an alien engaged in the business, or by his executor or administrator, amounts to a deprivation of their property without due process of law. To my mind, the ten-year period from the date of the approval of the Act or until the expiration of the term of the existence of the association and partnership, whichever event comes first, and the six-month period granted to alien heirs of a deceased alien, his executor or administrator, to liquidate the business, do not cure the defect of the law, because the effect of the prohibition is to compel them to sell or dispose of their business. The price obtainable at such forced sale of the business would be inadequate to reimburse and compensate the associates or partners of the associations or partnership, and the alien heirs of a deceased alien, engaged in the retail business for the capital invested in it. The stock of merchandise bought and sold at retail does not alone constitute the business. The goodwill that the association, partnership and the alien had built up during a long period of effort, patience and perseverance forms part of such business. The constitutional provisions that no person shall be deprived of his property without due process of law2 and that no person shall be denied the equal protection of the laws3 would have no meaning as applied to associations or partnership and alien heirs of an alien engaged in the retail business if they were to be compelled to sell or dispose of their business within ten years from the date of the approval of the Act and before the end of the term of the existence of the associations and partnership as agreed upon by the associations and partners and within six months after the death of their predecessor-in-interest.
The authors of the Constitution were vigilant, careful and zealous in the safeguard of the ownership of private agricultural lands which together with the lands of the public domain constitute the priceless patrimony and mainstay of the nation; yet, they did not deem it wise and prudent to deprive aliens and their heirs of such lands.4
For these reasons, I am of the opinion that section 1 of the Act, insofar as it compels associations and partnership referred to therein to wind up their retail business within ten years from the date of the approval of the Act even before the expiry of the term of their existence as agreed upon by the associates and partners and section 3 of the Act, insofar as it compels the aliens engaged in the retail business in his lifetime his executor or administrator, to liquidate the business, are invalid, for they violate the due process of law and the equal protection of the laws clauses of the Constitution.
JAVIER VS. COMMISSION ON ELECTIONS
G.R. Nos. L-68379-81 September 22, 1986
EVELIO B. JAVIER, petitioner, 
vs.
THE COMMISSION ON ELECTIONS, and ARTURO F. PACIFICADOR, respondents. 
Raul S. Roco and Lorna Patajo-Kapunan for petitioner. 
 
CRUZ, J.:
The new Solicitor General has moved to dismiss this petition on the ground that as a result of supervening events it has become moot and academic. It is not as simple as that. Several lives have been lost in connection with this case, including that of the petitioner himself. The private respondent is now in hiding. The purity of suffrage has been defiled and the popular will scorned through a confabulation of those in authority. This Court cannot keep silent in the face of these terrible facts. The motion is denied. 
The petitioner and the private respondent were candidates in Antique for the Batasang Pambansa in the May 1984 elections. The former appeared to enjoy more popular support but the latter had the advantage of being the nominee of the KBL with all its perquisites of power. On May 13, 1984, the eve of the elections, the bitter contest between the two came to a head when several followers of the petitioner were ambushed and killed, allegedly by the latter's men. Seven suspects, including respondent Pacificador, are now facing trial for these murders. The incident naturally heightened tension in the province and sharpened the climate of fear among the electorate. Conceivably, it intimidated voters against supporting the Opposition candidate or into supporting the candidate of the ruling party. 
It was in this atmosphere that the voting was held, and the post-election developments were to run true to form. Owing to what he claimed were attempts to railroad the private respondent's proclamation, the petitioner went to the Commission on Elections to question the canvass of the election returns. His complaints were dismissed and the private respondent was proclaimed winner by the Second Division of the said body. The petitioner thereupon came to this Court, arguing that the proclamation was void because made only by a division and not by the Commission on Elections en banc as required by the Constitution. Meanwhile, on the strength of his proclamation, the private respondent took his oath as a member of the Batasang Pambansa. 
The case was still being considered by this Court when on February 11, 1986, the petitioner was gunned down in cold blood and in broad daylight. The nation, already indignant over the obvious manipulation of the presidential elections in favor of Marcos, was revolted by the killing, which flaunted a scornful disregard for the law by the assailants who apparently believed they were above the law. This ruthless murder was possibly one of the factors that strengthened the cause of the Opposition in the February revolution that toppled the Marcos regime and installed the present government under President Corazon C. Aquino. 
The abolition of the Batasang Pambansa and the disappearance of the office in dispute between the petitioner and the private respondent-both of whom have gone their separate ways-could be a convenient justification for dismissing this case. But there are larger issues involved that must be resolved now, once and for all, not only to dispel the legal ambiguities here raised. The more important purpose is to manifest in the clearest possible terms that this Court will not disregard and in effect condone wrong on the simplistic and tolerant pretext that the case has become moot and academic. 
The Supreme Court is not only the highest arbiter of legal questions but also the conscience of the government. The citizen comes to us in quest of law but we must also give him justice. The two are not always the same. There are times when we cannot grant the latter because the issue has been settled and decision is no longer possible according to the law. But there are also times when although the dispute has disappeared, as in this case, it nevertheless cries out to be resolved. Justice demands that we act then, not only for the vindication of the outraged right, though gone, but also for the guidance of and as a restraint upon the future. 
It is a notorious fact decried by many people and even by the foreign press that elections during the period of the Marcos dictatorship were in the main a desecration of the right of suffrage. Vote-buying, intimidation and violence, illegal listing of voters, falsified returns, and other elections anomalies misrepresented and vitiated the popular will and led to the induction in office of persons who did not enjoy the confidence of the sovereign electorate. Genuine elections were a rarity. The price at times was human lives. The rule was chicanery and irregularity, and on all levels of the polls, from the barangay to the presidential. This included the rigged plebiscites and referenda that also elicited the derision and provoked the resentments of the people. 
Antique in 1984 hewed to the line and equaled if it did not surpass the viciousness of elections in other provinces dominated by the KBL. Terrorism was a special feature, as demonstrated by the killings previously mentioned, which victimized no less than one of the main protagonists and implicated his rival as a principal perpetrator. Opposition leaders were in constant peril of their lives even as their supporters were gripped with fear of violence at the hands of the party in power. 
What made the situation especially deplorable was the apparently indifferent attitude of the Commission on Elections toward the anomalies being committed. It is a matter of record that the petitioner complained against the terroristic acts of his opponents. All the electoral body did was refer the matter to the Armed Forces without taking a more active step as befitted its constitutional role as the guardian of free, orderly and honest elections. A more assertive stance could have averted the Sibalom election eve massacre and saved the lives of the nine victims of the tragedy. 
Public confidence in the Commission on Elections was practically nil because of its transparent bias in favor of the administration. This prejudice left many opposition candidates without recourse except only to this Court. 
Alleging serious anomalies in the conduct of the elections and the canvass of the election returns, the petitioner went to the Commission on Elections to prevent the impending proclamation of his rival, the private respondent herein. 1 Specifically, the petitioner charged that the elections were marred by "massive terrorism, intimidation, duress, vote-buying, fraud, tampering and falsification of election returns under duress, threat and intimidation, snatching of ballot boxes perpetrated by the armed men of respondent Pacificador." 2 Particular mention was made of the municipalities of Caluya, Cabate, Tibiao, Barbaza, Laua-an, and also of San Remigio, where the petitioner claimed the election returns were not placed in the ballot boxes but merely wrapped in cement bags or Manila paper. 
On May 18, 1984, the Second Division of the Commission on Elections directed the provincial board of canvassers of Antique to proceed with the canvass but to suspend the proclamation of the winning candidate until further orders. 3 On June 7, 1984, the same Second Division ordered the board to immediately convene and to proclaim the winner without prejudice to the outcome of the case before the Commission. 4 On certiorari before this Court, the proclamation made by the board of canvassers was set aside as premature, having been made before the lapse of the 5-day period of appeal, which the petitioner had seasonably made. 5 Finally, on July 23, 1984, the Second Division promulgated the decision now subject of this petition which inter alia proclaimed Arturo F. Pacificador the elected assemblyman of the province of Antique. 6
This decision was signed by Chairman Victoriano Savellano and Commissioners Jaime Opinion and Froilan M. Bacungan. Previously asked to inhibit himself on the ground that he was a former law partner of private respondent Pacificador, Opinion had refused. 7
The petitioner then came to this Court, asking us to annul the said decision. 
The core question in this case is one of jurisdiction, to wit: Was the Second Division of the Commission on Elections authorized to promulgate its decision of July 23, 1984, proclaiming the private respondent the winner in the election? 
The applicable provisions are found in Article XII-C, Sections 2 and 3, of the 1973 Constitution. 
Section 2 confers on the Commission on Elections the power to: 
(2) Be the sole judge of all contests relating to the election, returns and qualifications of all member of the Batasang Pambansa and elective provincial and city officials. 
Section 3 provides: 
The Commission on Elections may sit en banc or in three divisions. All election cases may be heard and decided by divisions except contests involving members of the Batasang Pambansa, which shall be heard and decided en banc. Unless otherwise provided by law, all election cases shall be decided within ninety days from the date of their submission for decision.
While both invoking the above provisions, the petitioner and the respondents have arrived at opposite conclusions. The records are voluminous and some of the pleadings are exhaustive and in part even erudite. And well they might be, for the noble profession of the law-despite all the canards that have been flung against it-exerts all efforts and considers all possible viewpoints in its earnest search of the truth. 
The petitioner complains that the Proclamation made by the Second Division is invalid because all contests involving the members of the Batasang Pambansa come under the jurisdiction of the Commission on Elections en banc. This is as it should be, he says, to insure a more careful decision, considering the importance of the offices involved. The respondents, for their part, argue that only contests need to be heard and decided en banc and all other cases can be-in fact, should be-filed with and decided only by any of the three divisions. 
The former Solicitor General makes much of this argument and lays a plausible distinction between the terms "contests" and "cases" to prove his point. 8 Simply put, his contention is that the pre-proclamation controversy between the petitioner and the private respondent was not yet a contest at that time and therefore could be validly heard by a mere division of the Commission on Elections, consonant with Section 3. The issue was at this stage still administrative and so was resoluble by the Commission under its power to administer all laws relative to the conduct of elections, 9 not its authority as sole judge of the election contest. 
A contest, according to him, should involve a contention between the parties for the same office "in which the contestant seeks not only to oust the intruder but also to have himself inducted into the office." 10 No proclamation had as yet been made when the petition was filed and later decided. Hence, since neither the petitioner nor the private respondent had at that time assumed office, there was no Member of the Batasang Pambansa from Antique whose election, returns or qualifications could be examined by the Commission on Elections en banc. 
In providing that the Commission on Elections could act in division when deciding election cases, according to this theory, the Constitution was laying down the general rule. The exception was the election contest involving the members of the Batasang Pambansa, which had to be heard and decided en banc. 11 The en banc requirement would apply only from the time a candidate for the Batasang Pambansa was proclaimed as winner, for it was only then that a contest could be permitted under the law. All matters arising before such time were, necessarily, subject to decision only by division of the Commission as these would come under the general heading of "election cases." 
As the Court sees it, the effect of this interpretation would be to divide the jurisdiction of the Commission on Elections into two, viz.: (1) over matters arising before the proclamation, which should be heard and decided by division in the exercise of its administrative power; and (2) over matters arising after the proclamation, which could be heard and decided only en banc in the exercise of its judicial power. Stated otherwise, the Commission as a whole could not act as sole judge as long as one of its divisions was hearing a pre-proclamation matter affecting the candidates for the Batasang Pambansa because there was as yet no contest; or to put it still another way, the Commission en banc could not do what one of its divisions was competent to do, i.e., decide a pre-proclamation controversy. Moreover, a mere division of the Commission on Elections could hear and decide, save only those involving the election, returns and qualifications of the members of the Batasang Pambansa, all cases involving elective provincial and city officials from start to finish, including pre-proclamation controversies and up to the election protest. In doing so, it would exercise first administrative and then judicial powers. But in the case of the Commission en banc, its jurisdiction would begin only after the proclamation was made and a contest was filed and not at any time and on any matter before that, and always in the exercise only of judicial power. 
This interpretation would give to the part more powers than were enjoyed by the whole, granting to the division while denying to the banc. We do not think this was the intention of the Constitution. The framers could not have intended such an irrational rule.
We believe that in making the Commission on Elections the sole judge of all contests involving the election, returns and qualifications of the members of the Batasang Pambansa and elective provincial and city officials, the Constitution intended to give it full authority to hear and decide these cases from beginning to end and on all matters related thereto, including those arising before the proclamation of the winners. 
It is worth observing that the special procedure for the settlement of what are now called "pre-proclamation controversies" is a relatively recent innovation in our laws, having been introduced only in 1978, through P.D. No. 1296, otherwise known as the 1978 Election Code. Section 175 thereof provided: 
Sec. 175. Suspension and annulment of proclamation.-The Commission shall be the sole judge of all pre-proclamation controversies and any of its decisions, orders or rulings shall be final and executory. It may, motu proprio or upon written petition, and after due notice and hearing order the suspension of the proclamation of a candidate-elect or annul any proclamation, if one has been made, on any of the grounds mentioned in Sections 172, 173 and 174 thereof. 
Before that time all proceedings affecting the election, returns and qualifications of public officers came under the complete jurisdiction of the competent court or tribunal from beginning to end and in the exercise of judicial power only. It therefore could not have been the intention of the framers in 1935, when the Commonwealth Charter was adopted, and even in 1973, when the past Constitution was imposed, to divide the electoral process into the pre-proclamation stage and the post-proclamation stage and to provide for a separate jurisdiction for each stage, considering the first administrative and the second judicial.
Besides, the term "contest" as it was understood at the time Article XII-C. Section 2(2) was incorporated in the 1973 Constitution did not follow the strict definition of a contention between the parties for the same office. Under the Election Code of 1971, which presumably was taken into consideration when the 1973 Constitution was being drafted, election contests included the quo warranto petition that could be filed by any voter on the ground of disloyalty or ineligibility of the contestee although such voter was himself not claiming the office involved. 12 
The word "contests" should not be given a restrictive meaning; on the contrary, it should receive the widest possible scope conformably to the rule that the words used in the Constitution should be interpreted liberally. As employed in the 1973 Constitution, the term should be understood as referring to any matter involving the title or claim of title to an elective office, made before or after proclamation of the winner, whether or not the contestant is claiming the office in dispute. Needless to stress, the term should be given a consistent meaning and understood in the same sense under both Section 2(2) and Section 3 of Article XII-C of the Constitution. 
The phrase "election, returns and qualifications" should be interpreted in its totality as referring to all matters affecting the validity of the contestee's title. But if it is necessary to specify, we can say that "election" referred to the conduct of the polls, including the listing of voters, the holding of the electoral campaign, and the casting and counting of the votes; "returns" to the canvass of the returns and the proclamation of the winners, including questions concerning the composition of the board of canvassers and the authenticity of the election returns and "qualifications" to matters that could be raised in a quo warranto proceeding against the proclaimed winner, such as his disloyalty or ineligibility or the inadequacy of his certificate of candidacy. 
All these came under the exclusive jurisdiction of the Commission on Elections insofar as they applied to the members of the defunct Batasang Pambansa and, under Article XII-C, Section 3, of the 1973 Constitution, could be heard and decided by it only en banc. 
We interpret "cases" as the generic term denoting the actions that might be heard and decided by the Commission on Elections, only by division as a general rule except where the case was a "contest" involving members of the Batasang Pambansa, which had to be heard and decided en banc. 
As correctly observed by the petitioner, the purpose of Section 3 in requiring that cases involving members of the Batasang Pambansa be heard and decided by the Commission en banc was to insure the most careful consideration of such cases. Obviously, that objective could not be achieved if the Commission could act en banc only after the proclamation had been made, for it might then be too late already. We are all-too-familiar with the grab-the-proclamation-and-delay-the-protest strategy of many unscrupulous candidates which has resulted in the frustration of the popular will and the virtual defeat of the real winners in the election. The respondent's theory would make this gambit possible for the pre- proclamation proceedings, being summary in nature, could be hastily decided by only three members in division, without the care and deliberation that would have otherwise been observed by the Commission en banc. 
After that, the delay. The Commission en banc might then no longer be able to rectify in time the proclamation summarily and not very judiciously made by the division. While in the end the protestant might be sustained, he might find himself with only a Phyrric victory because the term of his office would have already expired. 
It may be argued that in conferring the initial power to decide the pre- proclamation question upon the division, the Constitution did not intend to prevent the Commission en banc from exercising the power directly, on the theory that the greater power embraces the lesser. It could if it wanted to but then it could also allow the division to act for it. That argument would militate against the purpose of the provision, which precisely limited all questions affecting the election contest, as distinguished from election cases in general, to the jurisdiction of the Commission en banc as sole judge thereof. "Sole judge" excluded not only all other tribunals but also and even the division of the Commission A decision made on the contest by less than the Commission en banc would not meet the exacting standard of care and deliberation ordained by the Constitution 
Incidentally, in making the Commission the "sole judge" of pre- proclamation controversies in Section 175, supra, the law was obviously referring to the body sitting en banc. In fact, the pre-proclamation controversies involved in Aratuc vs. Commission on Elections, 13 where the said provision was applied, were heard and decided en banc. 
Another matter deserving the highest consideration of this Court but accorded cavalier attention by the respondent Commission on Elections is due process of law, that ancient guaranty of justice and fair play which is the hallmark of the free society. Commissioner Opinion ignored it. Asked to inhibit himself on the ground that he was formerly a law partner of the private respondent, he obstinately insisted on participating in the case, denying he was biased. 14 
Given the general attitude of the Commission on Elections toward the party in power at the time, and the particular relationship between Commissioner Opinion and MP Pacificador, one could not be at least apprehensive, if not certain, that the decision of the body would be adverse to the petitioner. As in fact it was. Commissioner Opinion's refusal to inhibit himself and his objection to the transfer of the case to another division cannot be justified by any criterion of propriety. His conduct on this matter belied his wounded protestations of innocence and proved the motives of the Second Division when it rendered its decision. 
This Court has repeatedly and consistently demanded "the cold neutrality of an impartial judge" as the indispensable imperative of due process. 15 To bolster that requirement, we have held that the judge must not only be impartial but must also appear to be impartial as an added assurance to the parties that his decision will be just. 16 The litigants are entitled to no less than that. They should be sure that when their rights are violated they can go to a judge who shall give them justice. They must trust the judge, otherwise they will not go to him at all. They must believe in his sense of fairness, otherwise they will not seek his judgment. Without such confidence, there would be no point in invoking his action for the justice they expect.
Due process is intended to insure that confidence by requiring compliance with what Justice Frankfurter calls the rudiments of fair play. Fair play cans for equal justice. There cannot be equal justice where a suitor approaches a court already committed to the other party and with a judgment already made and waiting only to be formalized after the litigants shall have undergone the charade of a formal hearing. Judicial (and also extra-judicial) proceedings are not orchestrated plays in which the parties are supposed to make the motions and reach the denouement according to a prepared script. There is no writer to foreordain the ending. The judge will reach his conclusions only after all the evidence is in and all the arguments are filed, on the basis of the established facts and the pertinent law. 
The relationship of the judge with one of the parties may color the facts and distort the law to the prejudice of a just decision. Where this is probable or even only posssible, due process demands that the judge inhibit himself, if only out of a sense of delicadeza. For like Caesar's wife, he must be above suspicion. Commissioner Opinion, being a lawyer, should have recognized his duty and abided by this well-known rule of judicial conduct. For refusing to do so, he divested the Second Division of the necessary vote for the questioned decision, assuming it could act, and rendered the proceeding null and void. 17 
Since this case began in 1984, many significant developments have taken place, not the least significant of which was the February revolution of "people power" that dislodged the past regime and ended well nigh twenty years of travail for this captive nation. The petitioner is gone, felled by a hail of bullets sprayed with deadly purpose by assassins whose motive is yet to be disclosed. The private respondent has disappeared with the "pomp of power" he had before enjoyed. Even the Batasang Pambansa itself has been abolished, "an iniquitous vestige of the previous regime" discontinued by the Freedom Constitution. It is so easy now, as has been suggested not without reason, to send the recrds of this case to the archives and say the case is finished and the book is closed.
But not yet. 
Let us first say these meager words in tribute to a fallen hero who was struck down in the vigor of his youth because he dared to speak against tyranny. Where many kept a meekly silence for fear of retaliation, and still others feigned and fawned in hopes of safety and even reward, he chose to fight. He was not afraid. Money did not tempt him. Threats did not daunt him. Power did not awe him. His was a singular and all-exacting obsession: the return of freedom to his country. And though he fought not in the barricades of war amid the sound and smoke of shot and shell, he was a soldier nonetheless, fighting valiantly for the liberties of his people against the enemies of his race, unfortunately of his race too, who would impose upon the land a perpetual night of dark enslavement. He did not see the breaking of the dawn, sad to say, but in a very real sense Evelio B. Javier made that dawn draw nearer because he was, like Saul and Jonathan, "swifter than eagles and stronger than lions." 
A year ago this Court received a letter which began: "I am the sister of the late Justice Calixto Zaldivar. I am the mother of Rhium Z. Sanchez, the grandmother of Plaridel Sanchez IV and Aldrich Sanchez, the aunt of Mamerta Zaldivar. I lost all four of them in the election eve ambush in Antique last year." She pleaded, as so did hundreds of others of her provincemates in separate signed petitions sent us, for the early resolution of that horrible crime, saying: "I am 82 years old now. I am sick. May I convey to you my prayer in church and my plea to you, 'Before I die, I would like to see justice to my son and grandsons.' May I also add that the people of Antique have not stopped praying that the true winner of the last elections will be decided upon by the Supreme Court soon."
That was a year ago and since then a new government has taken over in the wake of the February revolution. The despot has escaped, and with him, let us pray, all the oppressions and repressions of the past have also been banished forever. A new spirit is now upon our land. A new vision limns the horizon. Now we can look forward with new hope that under the Constitution of the future every Filipino shall be truly sovereign in his own country, able to express his will through the pristine ballow with only his conscience as his counsel. 
This is not an impossible dream. Indeed, it is an approachable goal. It can and will be won if we are able at last, after our long ordeal, to say never again to tyranny. If we can do this with courage and conviction, then and only then, and not until then, can we truly say that the case is finished and the book is closed. 
WHEREFORE, let it be spread in the records of this case that were it not for the supervening events that have legally rendered it moot and academic, this petition would have been granted and the decision of the Commission on Elections dated July 23, 1984, set aside as violative of the Constitution.
SO ORDERED.
Feria, Yap, Narvasa, Alampay and Paras, JJ., concur.
Fernan and Gutierrez, Jr., JJ., concur in the result.
 
Separate Opinions
TEEHANKEE, C.J., concurring:
I concur and reserve the filing of a separate concurrence.
MELENCIO-HERRERA, J., concurring in the result: 
I concur in the result. The questioned Decision of the Second Division of the COMELEC, dated July 23, 1984, proclaiming private respondent, Arturo F. Pacificador, as the duly elected Assemblyman of the province of Antique, should be set aside for the legal reason that all election contests, without any distinction as to cases or contests, involving members of the defunct Batasang Pambansa fall under the jurisdiction of the COMELEC en banc pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of Article XII-C of the 1973 Constitution. 
FELICIANO, J., concurring in the result: 
I agree with the result reached, that is, although this petition has become moot and academic, the decision, dated 23 July 1984, of the Second Division of the Commission on Elections which had proclaimed Arturo F. Pacificador as the duly elected Assemblyman of the Province of Antique must be set aside or, more accurately, must be disregarded as bereft of any effect in law. I reach this result on the same single, precisely drawn, ground relied upon by Melencio-Herrera, J.: that all election contests involving members of the former Batasan Pambansa must be decided by the Commission on Elections en banc under Sections 2 and 3 of Article XII-C of the 1973 Constitution. These Sections do not distinguish between "pre-proclamation" and "post-proclamation" contests nor between "cases" and "contests." 
 
 
Separate Opinions
TEEHANKEE, C.J., concurring:
I concur and reserve the filing of a separate concurrence.
MELENCIO-HERRERA, J., concurring in the result: 
I concur in the result. The questioned Decision of the Second Division of the COMELEC, dated July 23, 1984, proclaiming private respondent, Arturo F. Pacificador, as the duly elected Assemblyman of the province of Antique, should be set aside for the legal reason that all election contests, without any distinction as to cases or contests, involving members of the defunct Batasang Pambansa fall under the jurisdiction of the COMELEC en banc pursuant to Sections 2 and 3 of Article XII-C of the 1973 Constitution. 
FELICIANO, J., concurring in the result: 
I agree with the result reached, that is, although this petition has become moot and academic, the decision, dated 23 July 1984, of the Second Division of the Commission on Elections which had proclaimed Arturo F. Pacificador as the duly elected Assemblyman of the Province of Antique must be set aside or, more accurately, must be disregarded as bereft of any effect in law. I reach this result on the same single, precisely drawn, ground relied upon by Melencio-Herrera, J.: that all election contests involving members of the former Batasan Pambansa must be decided by the Commission on Elections en banc under Sections 2 and 3 of Article XII-C of the 1973 Constitution. These Sections do not distinguish between "pre-proclamation" and "post-proclamation" contests nor between "cases" and "contests." 

G.R. No. L-52245 January 22, 1980
PATRICIO DUMLAO, ROMEO B. IGOT, and ALFREDO SALAPANTAN, JR., petitioners, 
vs.
COMMISSION ON ELECTIONS, respondent. 
Raul M. Gonzales for petitioners 
Office of the Solicitor General for respondent. 
 
MELENCIO-HERRERA, J:
This is a Petition for Prohibition with Preliminary Injunction and/or Restraining Order filed by petitioners, in their own behalf and all others allegedly similarly situated, seeking to enjoin respondent Commission on Elections (COMELEC) from implementing certain provisions of Batas Pambansa Big. 51, 52, and 53 for being unconstitutional. 
The Petition alleges that petitioner, Patricio Dumlao, is a former Governor of Nueva Vizcaya, who has filed his certificate of candidacy for said position of Governor in the forthcoming elections of January 30, 1980. Petitioner, Romeo B. Igot, is a taxpayer, a qualified voter and a member of the Bar who, as such, has taken his oath to support the Constitution and obey the laws of the land. Petitioner, Alfredo Salapantan, Jr., is also a taxpayer, a qualified voter, and a resident of San Miguel, Iloilo. 
Petitioner Dumlao specifically questions the constitutionality of section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 as discriminatory and contrary to the equal protection and due process guarantees of the Constitution. Said Section 4 provides: 
Sec. 4. Special Disqualification in addition to violation of section 10 of Art. XI I-C of the Constitution and disqualification mentioned in existing laws, which are hereby declared as disqualification for any of the elective officials enumerated in section 1 hereof. 
Any retired elective provincial city or municipal official who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law, and who shall have been 6,5 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected shall not be qualified to run for the same elective local office from which he has retired (Emphasis supplied) 
Petitioner Dumlao alleges that the aforecited provision is directed insidiously against him, and that the classification provided therein is based on "purely arbitrary grounds and, therefore, class legislation."
For their part, petitioners igot and Salapantan, Jr. assail the validity of the following statutory provisions: 
Sec 7. Terms of Office — Unless sooner removed for cause, all local elective officials hereinabove mentioned shall hold office for a term of six (6) years, which shall commence on the first Monday of March 1980.
.... (Batas Pambansa Blg. 51) Sec. 4.
Sec. 4. ...
Any person who has committed any act of disloyalty to the State, including acts amounting to subversion, insurrection, rebellion or other similar crimes, shall not be qualified to be a candidate for any of the offices covered by this Act, or to participate in any partisan political activity therein: 
provided that a judgment of conviction for any of the aforementioned crimes shall be conclusive evidence of such fact and
the filing of charges for the commission of such crimes before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation shall be prima fascie evidence of such fact. 
... (Batas Pambansa Big. 52) (Paragraphing and Emphasis supplied).
Section 1. Election of certain Local Officials — ... The election shall be held on January 30, 1980. (Batas Pambansa, Blg. 52) 
Section 6. Election and Campaign Period — The election period shall be fixed by the Commission on Elections in accordance with Section 6, Art. XII-C of the Constitution. The period of campaign shall commence on December 29, 1979 and terminate on January 28, 1980. (ibid.) 
In addition to the above-cited provisions, petitioners Igot and Salapantan, Jr. also question the accreditation of some political parties by respondent COMELEC, as authorized by Batas Pambansa Blg. 53, on the ground that it is contrary to section 9(1)Art. XIIC of the Constitution, which provides that a "bona fide candidate for any public office shall be it. from any form of harassment and discrimination. "The question of accreditation will not be taken up in this case but in that of Bacalso, et als. vs. COMELEC et als. No. L-52232) where the issue has been squarely raised, 
Petitioners then pray that the statutory provisions they have challenged be declared null and void for being violative of the Constitution. 
I . The procedural Aspect
At the outset, it should be stated that this Petition suffers from basic procedural infirmities, hence, traditionally unacceptable for judicial resolution. For one, there is a misjoinder of parties and actions. Petitioner Dumlao's interest is alien to that of petitioners Igot and Salapantan Petitioner Dumlao does not join petitioners Igot and Salapantan in the burden of their complaint, nor do the latter join Dumlao in his. The respectively contest completely different statutory provisions. Petitioner Dumlao has joined this suit in his individual capacity as a candidate. The action of petitioners Igot and Salapantan is more in the nature of a taxpayer's suit. Although petitioners plead nine constraints as the reason of their joint Petition, it would have required only a modicum more of effort tor petitioner Dumlao, on one hand said petitioners lgot and Salapantan, on the other, to have filed separate suits, in the interest of orderly procedure. 
For another, there are standards that have to be followed inthe exercise of the function of judicial review, namely (1) the existence of an appropriate case:, (2) an interest personal and substantial by the party raising the constitutional question: (3) the plea that the function be exercised at the earliest opportunity and (4) the necessity that the constiutional question be passed upon in order to decide the case (People vs. Vera 65 Phil. 56 [1937]).
It may be conceded that the third requisite has been complied with, which is, that the parties have raised the issue of constitutionality early enough in their pleadings. 
This Petition, however, has fallen far short of the other three criteria. 
A. Actual case and controversy. 
It is basic that the power of judicial review is limited to the determination of actual cases and controversies.
Petitioner Dumlao assails the constitutionality of the first paragraph of section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52, quoted earlier, as being contrary to the equal protection clause guaranteed by the Constitution, and seeks to prohibit respondent COMELEC from implementing said provision. Yet, Dumlao has not been adversely affected by the application of that provision. No petition seeking Dumlao's disqualification has been filed before the COMELEC. There is no ruling of that constitutional body on the matter, which this Court is being asked to review on Certiorari. His is a question posed in the abstract, a hypothetical issue, and in effect, a petition for an advisory opinion from this Court to be rendered without the benefit of a detailed factual record Petitioner Dumlao's case is clearly within the primary jurisdiction (see concurring Opinion of now Chief Justice Fernando in Peralta vs. Comelec, 82 SCRA 30, 96 [1978]) of respondent COMELEC as provided for in section 2, Art. XII-C, for the Constitution the pertinent portion of which reads: 
"Section 2. The Commission on Elections shall have the following power and functions: 
1) xxx 
2) Be the sole judge of all contests relating to the elections, returns and qualifications of all members of the National Assembly and elective provincial and city officials. (Emphasis supplied) 
The aforequoted provision must also be related to section 11 of Art. XII-C, which provides: 
Section 11. Any decision, order, or ruling of the Commission may be brought to the Supreme Court on certiorari by the aggrieved party within thirty days from his receipt of a copy thereof. 
B. Proper party. 
The long-standing rule has been that "the person who impugns the validity of a statute must have a personal and substantial interest in the case such that he has sustained, or will sustain, direct injury as a result of its enforcement" (People vs. Vera, supra). 
In the case of petitioners Igot and Salapantan, it was only during the hearing, not in their Petition, that Igot is said to be a candidate for Councilor. Even then, it cannot be denied that neither one has been convicted nor charged with acts of disloyalty to the State, nor disqualified from being candidates for local elective positions. Neither one of them has been calle ed to have been adversely affected by the operation of the statutory provisions they assail as unconstitutional Theirs is a generated grievance. They have no personal nor substantial interest at stake. In the absence of any litigate interest, they can claim no locus standi in seeking judicial redress. 
It is true that petitioners Igot and Salapantan have instituted this case as a taxpayer's suit, and that the rule enunciated in People vs. Vera, above stated, has been relaxed in Pascual vs. The Secretary of Public Works (110 Phil. 331 [1960], thus: 
... it is well settled that the validity of a statute may be contested only by one who will sustain a direct injury in consequence of its enforcement. Yet, there are many decisions nullifying at the instance of taxpayers, laws providing for the disbursement of public funds, upon the theory that "the expenditure of public funds, by an officer of the State for the purpose of administering an unconstitutional act constitutes a misapplication of such funds," which may be enjoined at the request of a taxpayer. 
In the same vein, it has been held: 
In the determination of the degree of interest essential to give the requisite standing to attack the constitutionality of a statute, the general rule is that not only persons individually affected, but also taxpayers have sufficient interest in preventing the illegal expenditure of moneys raised by taxation and they may, therefore, question the constitutionality of statutes requiring expenditure of public moneys. (Philippine Constitution Association, Inc., et als., vs. Gimenez, et als., 15 SCRA 479 [1965]). 
However, the statutory provisions questioned in this case, namely, sec. 7, BP Blg. 51, and sections 4, 1, and 6 BP Blg. 52, do not directly involve the disbursement of public funds. While, concededly, the elections to be held involve the expenditure of public moneys, nowhere in their Petition do said petitioners allege that their tax money is "being extracted and spent in violation of specific constitutional protections against abuses of legislative power" (Flast v. Cohen, 392 U.S., 83 [1960]), or that there is a misapplication of such funds by respondent COMELEC (see Pascual vs. Secretary of Public Works, 110 Phil. 331 [1960]), or that public money is being deflected to any improper purpose. Neither do petitioners seek to restrain respondent from wasting public funds through the enforcement of an invalid or unconstitutional law. (Philippine Constitution Association vs. Mathay, 18 SCRA 300 [1966]), citing Philippine Constitution Association vs. Gimenez, 15 SCRA 479 [1965]). Besides, the institution of a taxpayer's suit, per se is no assurance of judicial review. As held by this Court in Tan vs. Macapagal (43 SCRA 677 [1972]), speaking through our present Chief Justice, this Court is vested with discretion as to whether or not a taxpayer's suit should be entertained. 
C. Unavoidability of constitutional question. 
Again upon the authority of People vs. Vera, "it is a wellsettled rule that the constitutionality of an act of the legislature will not be determined by the courts unless that question is properly raised and presented in appropriate cases and is necessary to a determination of the case; i.e., the issue of constitutionality must be the very lis mota presented."
We have already stated that, by the standards set forth in People vs. Vera, the present is not an "appropriate case" for either petitioner Dumlao or for petitioners Igot and Salapantan. They are actually without cause of action. It follows that the necessity for resolving the issue of constitutionality is absent, and procedural regularity would require that this suit be dismissed. 
II. The substantive viewpoint. 
We have resolved, however, to rule squarely on two of the challenged provisions, the Courts not being entirely without discretion in the matter. Thus, adherence to the strict procedural standard was relaxed in Tinio vs. Mina (26 SCRA 512 [1968]); Edu vs. Ericta (35 SCRA 481 [1970]); and in Gonzalez vs. Comelec (27 SCRA 835 [1969]), the Opinion in the Tinio and Gonzalez cases having been penned by our present Chief Justice. The reasons which have impelled us are the paramount public interest involved and the proximity of the elections which will be held only a few days hence.
Petitioner Dumlao's contention that section 4 of BP Blg. 52 is discriminatory against him personally is belied by the fact that several petitions for the disqualification of other candidates for local positions based on the challenged provision have already been filed with the COMELEC (as listed in p. 15, respondent's Comment). This tellingly overthrows Dumlao's contention of intentional or purposeful discrimination.
The assertion that Section 4 of BP Blg. 52 is contrary to the safer guard of equal protection is neither well taken. The constitutional guarantee of equal protection of the laws is subject to rational classification. If the groupings are based on reasonable and real differentiations, one class can be treated and regulated differently from another class. For purposes of public service, employees 65 years of age, have been validly classified differently from younger employees. Employees attaining that age are subject to compulsory retirement, while those of younger ages are not so compulsorily retirable. 
In respect of election to provincial, city, or municipal positions, to require that candidates should not be more than 65 years of age at the time they assume office, if applicable to everyone, might or might not be a reasonable classification although, as the Solicitor General has intimated, a good policy of the law would be to promote the emergence of younger blood in our political elective echelons. On the other hand, it might be that persons more than 65 years old may also be good elective local officials. 
Coming now to the case of retirees. Retirement from government service may or may not be a reasonable disqualification for elective local officials. For one thing, there can also be retirees from government service at ages, say below 65. It may neither be reasonable to disqualify retirees, aged 65, for a 65 year old retiree could be a good local official just like one, aged 65, who is not a retiree. 
But, in the case of a 65-year old elective local official, who has retired from a provincial, city or municipal office, there is reason to disqualify him from running for the same office from which he had retired, as provided for in the challenged provision. The need for new blood assumes relevance. The tiredness of the retiree for government work is present, and what is emphatically significant is that the retired employee has already declared himself tired and unavailable for the same government work, but, which, by virtue of a change of mind, he would like to assume again. It is for this very reason that inequality will neither result from the application of the challenged provision. Just as that provision does not deny equal protection neither does it permit of such denial (see People vs. Vera, 65 Phil. 56 [1933]). Persons similarly situated are sinlilarly treated. 
In fine, it bears reiteration that the equal protection clause does not forbid all legal classification. What is proscribes is a classification which is arbitrary and unreasonable. That constitutional guarantee is not violated by a reasonable classification based upon substantial distinctions, where the classification is germane to the purpose of the law and applies to all Chose belonging to the same class (Peralta vs. Comelec, 82 SCRA 30 [1978] citing Felwa vs. Salas, 18 SCRA 606 [1966]; Rafael v. Embroidery and Apparel Control and Inspection Board, 21 SCRA 336 [1967]; Inchong etc., et al. vs. Hernandez 101 Phil. 1155 [1957]). The purpose of the law is to allow the emergence of younger blood in local governments. The classification in question being pursuant to that purpose, it cannot be considered invalid "even it at times, it may be susceptible to the objection that it is marred by theoretical inconsistencies" (Chief Justice Fernando, The Constitution of the Philippines, 1977 ed., p. 547). 
There is an additional consideration. Absent herein is a showing of the clear invalidity of the questioned provision. Well accepted is the rule that to justify the nullification of a law, there must be a clear and unequivocal breach of the Constitution, not a doubtful and equivocal breach. Courts are practically unanimous in the pronouncement that laws shall not be declared invalid unless the conflict with the Constitution is clear beyond reasonable doubt (Peralta vs. COMELEC, 82 SCRA 55 [1978], citing Cooper vs. Telfair 4 Dall 14; Dodd, Cases on Constitutional Law, 3rd ed. 1942, 56). Lastly, it is within the compentence of the legislature to prescribe qualifications for one who desires to become a candidate for office provided they are reasonable, as in this case.
In so far as the petition of Igot and Salapantan are concerned, the second paragraph of section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52, quoted in full earlier, and which they challenge, may be divided in two parts. The first provides: 
a. judgment of conviction jor any of the aforementioned crimes shall be conclusive evidence of such fact ... 
The supremacy of the Constitution stands out as the cardinal principle. We are aware of the presumption of validity that attaches to a challenged statute, of the well-settled principle that "all reasonable doubts should be resolved in favor of constitutionality," and that Courts will not set aside a statute as constitutionally defective "except in a clear case." (People vs. Vera, supra). We are constrained to hold that this is one such clear case. 
Explicit is the constitutional provision that, in all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall be presumed innocent until the contrary is proved, and shall enjoy the right to be heard by himself and counsel (Article IV, section 19, 1973 Constitution). An accusation, according to the fundamental law, is not synonymous with guilt. The challenged proviso contravenes the constitutional presumption of innocence, as a candidate is disqualified from running for public office on the ground alone that charges have been filed against him before a civil or military tribunal. It condemns before one is fully heard. In ultimate effect, except as to the degree of proof, no distinction is made between a person convicted of acts of dislotalty and one against whom charges have been filed for such acts, as both of them would be ineligible to run for public office. A person disqualified to run for public office on the ground that charges have been filed against him is virtually placed in the same category as a person already convicted of a crime with the penalty of arresto, which carries with it the accessory penalty of suspension of the right to hold office during the term of the sentence (Art. 44, Revised Penal Code).
And although the filing of charges is considered as but prima facie evidence, and therefore, may be rebutted, yet. there is "clear and present danger" that because of the proximity of the elections, time constraints will prevent one charged with acts of disloyalty from offering contrary proof to overcome the prima facie evidence against him.
Additionally, it is best that evidence pro and con of acts of disloyalty be aired before the Courts rather than before an administrative body such as the COMELEC. A highly possible conflict of findings between two government bodies, to the extreme detriment of a person charged, will thereby be avoided. Furthermore, a legislative/administrative determination of guilt should not be allowed to be substituted for a judicial determination.
Being infected with constitutional infirmity, a partial declaration of nullity of only that objectionable portion is mandated. It is separable from the first portion of the second paragraph of section 4 of Batas Pambansa Big. 52 which can stand by itself. 
WHEREFORE, 1) the first paragraph of section 4 of Batas pambansa Bilang 52 is hereby declared valid. Said paragraph reads: 
SEC. 4. Special disqualification. — In addition to violation of Section 10 of Article XII(C) of the Constitution and disqualifications mentioned in existing laws which are hereby declared as disqualification for any of the elective officials enumerated in Section 1 hereof, any retired elective provincial, city or municipal official, who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law and who shall have been 65 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected, shall not be qualified to run for the same elective local office from which he has retired. 
2) That portion of the second paragraph of section 4 of Batas Pambansa Bilang 52 providing that "... the filing of charges for the commission of such crimes before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation shall be prima facie evidence of such fact", is hereby declared null and void, for being violative of the constitutional presumption of innocence guaranteed to an accused. 
SO ORDERED. 
Makasiar, Antonio, Concepcion, Jr., Fernandez and Guerrero, JJ., concur. 
Fernando, C.J., concurs and submits a brief separate opinion. 
De Castro, J., abstain as far as petitioner Dumlao is concerned. 
 
 
Separate Opinions
 
BARREDO, J., concurring:
But as regards the matter of equal protection, I reiterate my view for Peralta that Sec. 9(1) Art. XI I is more expensive than the equal protection clause. 
AQUINO, J, concurring:
concur in the result as to paragraph I of the dispositive part of the decision. I dissent as to paragraph 2. In my opinion, paragraph 2, section 4 of Batas Pambansa Bilang 52 is valid, being similar to certain presumptions in Articles 217 and 315 of the Penal Code, as amended by Republic Act No. 4885. See U.S. v. Luling, 34 Phil. 725 and People v. Mingoa, 92 Phil. 856. 
ABAD SANTOS, J., concurring:
concur but wish to add that a judgment of conviction as provided in Sec. 4, par. 2 of Batas Pambansa Big. 52 should be one which is final and unappealable. 
FERNANDO, C.J., concurring. 
It is particularly gratifying that the reiteration in the ably-written and scholarly opinion of the Court, penned by Justice Melencio-Herrera, of the standard that must be met before the power of judicial review may be availed of, set forth with such lucidity and force by Justice Laurel in the two leading cases of Angara v. Electoral Commission 1 and People v. Vera, 2 did not constitute an obstacle to this Court ruling on the crucial constitutional issues raised. It was a cause for concern, for me at least, that counsel of private parties in not a few cases in the recent past had shown less than full awareness of the doctrines, procedural in character, that call for application whenever the exercise of this awesome and delicate responsibility of adjudging the validity of a statute or presidential decree is invoked. 3 While this Court cannot be accused of being bound by the letters of judicial timidity, it remains true that no cavalier disregard of tried and tested concepts should be given encouragement. A petitioner who bases his claim for relief on asserted constitutional deficiencies deserves to be heard. That goes without saying. For the judiciary must ever endeavor to vindicate rights safeguarded by the fundamental law. In that sense, this Tribunal is not susceptible to the reproach that it has imprisoned itself in its allegiance to the philosophy of judicial self-restraint. There are, however, limits to judicial activism. It cannot be too strongly stressed that a petition of this character must ever remain an orderly proceeding that cannot be oblivious of the requisites to be complied with to justify a pronouncement on constitutional issues. Where there is exuberance in the exercise of judicial power, the forms of litigation are but slight retaining walls. It is right and proper that the voice of the Solicitor General should be heard in protest against such neglect of rudimentary precepts. Necessarily then, whenever objections based on refusal to abide by the procedural principles are presented, this Court must rule. It would suffice if thereby the petition is dismissed for non-observance of the controlling doctrines. There are times, however, when the controversy is of such a character that to resolve doubts, erase uncertainty, and assure respect for constitutional limitations, this Tribunal must pass on the merits. This is one such case. I therefore concur with the opinion of the Court. 
It may be a task of superfluity then to write a concurring opinion. Nonetheless, a few words may not be amiss on what for me is the proper approach to take as to the lack of power of this Court to pass on the motives of the legislative body, on the lack of persuasiveness of petitioner's argument based on the equal protection guarantee, and on the fundamental concept of fairness of which the due process clause is an embodiment, thus calling for the nullification of the disqualification of a candidate upon the mere filing of charges against him. 
1. The challenge to the provision in question is predicated on what was referred to as "a known fact in the province of Nueva Vizcaya that the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of herein petitioner to make a political come back [sic] as governor of Nueva Vizcaya. The wordings [sic] of the law is so peculiarly attuned to discriminate against herein petitioner because every condition imposed as disqualification grounds are known to be possessed by him because he was a former elective provincial official who has received his retirement benefits, he desires to run for the same elective office and at the commencement of the term of office to which he now seeks to be elected, he shall have reached 65 years of age. 4 Clearly then, the plea for invalidating such provision is the motive attributed to the Interim Batasang Pambansa. For petitioner, it amounted to a constitutional infirmity fatal in character. The weakness of the petition is thus apparent. No decision of this Tribunal can be cited in support of such a proposition. It would be to extend unduly the concept of judicial review if a court can roam far and wide and range at will over the variety and diversity of the reasons, the promptings that may lead a legislator to cast his vote for or against a proposed legislation. It is not what inspired the introduction of a bill but the effect thereof if duly enacted that is decisive. That would be the test for its validity or lack of it. There is this relevant excerpt from McCray v. United States: 5 "The decisions of this Court [Supreme Court of the United States] from the beginning lend no support whatever to the assumption that the judiciary may restrain the exercise of lawful power on the assumption that a wrongful purpose of motive has caused the power to be exerted. 6 The late Chief Justice Warren, who penned the opinion in United States v. O' Brien 7 put the matter thus: "Inquiries into congressional motives or purposes are a hazardous matter. When the issue is simply the interpretation of legislation, the Court will look to statements by legislators for guidance as to the purpose of the legislature, because the benefit to sound decision-making in this circumstance is thought sufficient to risk the possibility of misreading Congress' purpose. It is entirely a different matter when we are asked to void a statute that is, under well-settled criteria, constitutional on its face, on the basis of what fewer than a handful of Congressmen said about it. What motivates one legislator to make a speech about a statute is not necessarily what motivates scores of others to enact it, and the stakes are sufficiently high for us to eschew guesswork. We decline to void essentially on the ground that it is unwise legislation which Congress had the undoubted power to enact and which could be reenacted in its exact form if the same or another legislator made a 'wiser' speech about it." 8 
2. If, however, the provision in question is susceptible to the reproach that it amounts to a denial of equal protection, then his plea for nullification should be accorded a sympathetic response. As the opinion of the Court makes clear, such imputation is not deserving of credence. The classification cannot be stigmatized as lacking in rationality. It is germane to the subject. Age, as well as the fact of retirement and the receipt of retirement benefits are factors that can enter into any legislative determination of what disqualifications to impose. As was pointed out in J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. v. Land Tenure Administration: 9 "It suffices then that the laws operate equally and uniformly on all persons under similar circumstances or that all persons must be treated in the same manner, the conditions not being different, both in the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. Favoritism and undue preference cannot be allowed. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical, are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that fall within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest. 10 It cannot be denied that others similarly fall under the same ban. It was not directed at petitioner solely. The most that can be said is that he falls within the-proscribed class. The point was likewise raised as to why should national officials be excluded in the above provision. The answer is simple. There is nothing to prevent the legislative body from following a system of priorities. This it did under the challenged legislative provision. In its opinion, what called for such a measure is the propensity of the local officials having reached the retirement age and having received retirement benefits once again running for public office. Accordingly, the provision in question was enacted. A portion of the opinion in the aforesaid J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. finds relevance: "It was confronted with a situation that caned for correction, and the legislation that was the result of its deliberation sought to apply the necessary palliative. That it stopped short of possibly attaining the cure of other analogous ills certainly does not stigmatize its effort as a denial of equal protection. We have given our sanction to the principle underlying the exercise of police power and taxation, but certainly not excluding eminent domain, that 'the legislature is not required by the Constitution to adhere to the policy of all "or none." ' Thus, to reiterate, the invocation by petitioner of the equal protection clause is futile and unavailing ." 11 
3. That brings us to the assailed provision as to the sufficiency of the filing of charges for the commission of such crimes as subversion, insurrection, rebellion or others of similar nature before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation, being a prima facie evidence of such fact and therefore justifying the disqualification of a candidate. The opinion of the Court invoked the constitutional presumption of innocence as a basis for its being annulled. That conclusion is well-founded. Such being the case, I am in full agreement. I would add that such a provision is moreover tainted with arbitrariness and therefore is violative of the due process clause. Such a constitutional right, to quote from Luzon Surety Co., Inc. v. Beson, 12 is "not a mere formality that may be dispensed with at will. Its disregard is a matter of serious concern. It is a constitutional safeguard of the highest order. It is a response to man's innate sense of justice." 13 As rightfully stressed in the opinion of the Court, the time element may invariably preclude a full hearing on the charge against him and thus effectively negate the opportunity of an individual to present himself as a candidate. If, as has been invariably the case, a prosecutor, whether in a civil court or in a military tribunal saddled as he is with so many complaints filed on his desk would give in to the all-too-human propensity to take the easy way out and to file charges, then a candidate Would be hard put to destroy the presumption. A sense of realism for me compels a declaration of nullity of a provision which on its face is patently offensive to the Constitution. 
Hence my concurrence.
TEEHANKEE, J., dissenting:
Files a separate opinion dissenting from the adverse ruling on Dumlaos candidacy and declining to rule on the invalidity of the first part of Section 4 of the questioned Law; and concurs with the pronouncement that the mere filing of charges shall be prima facie cause for disqualification is void. 
I. I dissent from the majority's dismissal of the petition insofar as it upholds the discriminatory and arbitrary provision of Sec. 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would impose a special disqualification on petitioner Patricio Dumlao from running for the elective local office of governor of his home province of Nueva Vizcaya and would in effect bar the electors of his province from electing him to said office in the January 30 elections, simply because he is a retired provincial governor of said province "who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law and who shall have been 65 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected." 
To specially and peculiarly ban a 65-year old previously retired elective local official from running for the same elective office (of governor, in this case) previously held by him and from which he has retired is arbitrary, oppressive and unreasonable. Persons similarly situated are not similarly treated, e.g. a retired vice-governor, mayor or councilor of 65 is entitled to run for governor (because the disqualification is for the retiree of 65 to run for the same elective office from which he retired) but petitioner is barred from doing so (although he may run for any other lesser office). Both are 65 and are retirees, yet one is barred from running for the office of governor. What is the valid distinction? Is this not an arbitrary discrimination against petitioner who has cause to that "the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of petition to make a political comeback as governor of Nueva Vizcaya 1 — (since no other case by a former governor similarly barred by virtue of said provision can never be cited 2 ). Is there not here, therefore a gross denial of the cardinal constitutional guarantee that equal protection and security shall be given under the law to every person, under analogous if not Identical circumstances?
Respondent's claim, as accepted by the majority, is that the purpose of the special disqualification is "to infuse new blood in local governments but the classification (that would bar 65-year old retirees from running for the same elective local office) is not rational nor reasonable. It is not germane nor relevant to the alleged purpose of "infusing new blood" because such "old blood" retirees may continue in local governments since they are not disqualified at all to run for any other local elective office such as from provincial governor, vice-governor, city, municipal or district mayor and vice- mayor to member of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan Sangguniang Panglunsod and Sangguniang Bayan, other than the local elective office from which they retired. 
Furthermore, other 65-year olds who have likewise retired from the judiciary and other branches of government are not in any manner disqualified to run for any local elective office, as in the case of retired Court of First Instance Judge (former Congressman) Alberto S. Ubay who retired with full substantial retirement benefits as such judge in 1978 at age 70 and now at past 71 years of age, is running as the official KBL candidate for governor of his province. And even in the case of 65-year old local elective officials, they are disqualified only when they have received payment of the retirement benefits to which they are entitled under the law (which amount to very little, compared to retirement benefits of other executive officials and members of the judiciary). If they have not received such retirement benefits, they are not disqualified. Certainly, their disqualification or non-disqualification and consequent classification as "old blood" or "new blood" cannot hinge on such an irrelevant question of whether or not they have received their retirement benefits. 
The classification is patently arbitrary and unreasonable and is not based on substantial distinctions which make for real differences that would justify the special disqualification of petitioner, which, it is claimed, "is based on a presumption that elective local officials who have retired and are of advanced age cannot discharge the functions of the office they seek as those who are differently situated." 3 Such presumption is sheer conjecture. The mere fact that a candidate is less than 65 or has "young or new blood" does not mean that he would be more efficient, effective and competent than a mature 65year old like petition er who has had experience on the job and who was observed at the hearing to appear to be most physically fit. Sufice it to city the outstanding case of the incumbent ebullient Minister of Foreign Affairs, General Carlos P. Romulo, who was elected a 80 as a member of the Interim Batasan Pambansa and who has just this month completed 81 years of age and has been hailed by the President himself as "the best foreign minister the Republic has ever had
Age has simply just never been a yardstick for qualification or disqualification. Al. the most, a minimum age to hold public office has been required as a qualification to insure a modicum of maturity 'now reduced to 21 years in the present batas), but no maximum age has ever been imposed as a disqualification for elect public office since the right and win of the people to elect the candidate of their choice for any elective office, no matter his age has always been recognized as supreme. 
The disqualification in question therefore is grossly violative of the equal protection clause which mandates that all persons subjected to legislation shall be treated alike, under like circumstances and conditions, both in the privileges conferred and in the liabilities imposed. The guarantee is meant to proscribe undue favor and individual or class privilege on the one hand and hostile discrimination and the oppression of in quality on the other. The questioned provision should therefore at the least be declared invalid in its application insofar as it would disqualify petitioner from running for the office of governor of his province.
As aptly restated by the Chief Justice, "Persons similarly situated should be similarly treated. Where no valid distinction could be made as to the relevant conditions that call for consideration, there should be none as to the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. There can be no undue favoritism or partiality on the one hand or hostility on the other. Arbitrary selection and discrimination against persons in thus ruled out. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that full within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest." 4
Finally, this arbitrary disqualification is likewise grossly violative of Article XII, sub-article C, section 9(1) of the 1973 Constitution that Bona fide candidates for any public office shall be free from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
II. I concur with the majority's declaration of invalidity of the portion of the second paragraph of Section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would make the mere filing of charges of subversion, insurrection, rebellion or other similar crimes before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation prima facie evidence of the fact of commission of an act of disloyalty to the State on the part of the candidate and disqualify him from his candidacy. Such a provision could be the most insidious weapon to disqualify bona fide candidates who seem to be headed for election and places in the hands of the military and civil prosecutors a dangerous and devastating weapon of cutting off any candidate who may not be to their filing through the filing of last-hour charges against him. 
I also concur with the pronouncement made in the majority decision that in order that a judgment of conviction may be deemed "as conclusive evidence" of the candidate's disloyalty to the State and of his disqualification from office, such judgment of conviction must be final and unappealable. This is so specifically provided in Section 22 of the 1978 Election Code. 5 Otherwise, the questioned provision would deny the bona fide candidate substantive due process and would be grossly violative of his constitutional right of presumption of innocence and of the above-quoted provision of the 1973 Constitution protecting candidates for public office from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
ADDENDUM 
When the case was voted upon a second time last January 21st, there appeared to be a majority in favor of the declarations and pronouncements above referred to in the two preceding paragraphs, in view of the urgency of the matter and the evil sought to be avoided. However, as of this writing, January 23, 1980 in the afternoon, such majority seems to have been dissipated by the view that the action to nullify such second paragraph of section 4 of the Batas in question is premature and has not been properly submitted for ajudication under the strict procedural require . If this be the case, my above views, termed as concurrences, should be taken as dissents against the majority action. 
 
 
 
Separate Opinions
 
BARREDO, J., concurring:
But as regards the matter of equal protection, I reiterate my view for Peralta that Sec. 9(1) Art. XI I is more expensive than the equal protection clause. 
AQUINO, J, concurring:
concur in the result as to paragraph I of the dispositive part of the decision. I dissent as to paragraph 2. In my opinion, paragraph 2, section 4 of Batas Pambansa Bilang 52 is valid, being similar to certain presumptions in Articles 217 and 315 of the Penal Code, as amended by Republic Act No. 4885. See U.S. v. Luling, 34 Phil. 725 and People v. Mingoa, 92 Phil. 856. 
ABAD SANTOS, J., concurring:
concur but wish to add that a judgment of conviction as provided in Sec. 4, par. 2 of Batas Pambansa Big. 52 should be one which is final and unappealable. 
FERNANDO, C.J., concurring. 
It is particularly gratifying that the reiteration in the ably-written and scholarly opinion of the Court, penned by Justice Melencio-Herrera, of the standard that must be met before the power of judicial review may be availed of, set forth with such lucidity and force by Justice Laurel in the two leading cases of Angara v. Electoral Commission 1 and People v. Vera, 2 did not constitute an obstacle to this Court ruling on the crucial constitutional issues raised. It was a cause for concern, for me at least, that counsel of private parties in not a few cases in the recent past had shown less than full awareness of the doctrines, procedural in character, that call for application whenever the exercise of this awesome and delicate responsibility of adjudging the validity of a statute or presidential decree is invoked. 3 While this Court cannot be accused of being bound by the letters of judicial timidity, it remains true that no cavalier disregard of tried and tested concepts should be given encouragement. A petitioner who bases his claim for relief on asserted constitutional deficiencies deserves to be heard. That goes without saying. For the judiciary must ever endeavor to vindicate rights safeguarded by the fundamental law. In that sense, this Tribunal is not susceptible to the reproach that it has imprisoned itself in its allegiance to the philosophy of judicial self-restraint. There are, however, limits to judicial activism. It cannot be too strongly stressed that a petition of this character must ever remain an orderly proceeding that cannot be oblivious of the requisites to be complied with to justify a pronouncement on constitutional issues. Where there is exuberance in the exercise of judicial power, the forms of litigation are but slight retaining walls. It is right and proper that the voice of the Solicitor General should be heard in protest against such neglect of rudimentary precepts. Necessarily then, whenever objections based on refusal to abide by the procedural principles are presented, this Court must rule. It would suffice if thereby the petition is dismissed for non-observance of the controlling doctrines. There are times, however, when the controversy is of such a character that to resolve doubts, erase uncertainty, and assure respect for constitutional limitations, this Tribunal must pass on the merits. This is one such case. I therefore concur with the opinion of the Court. 
It may be a task of superfluity then to write a concurring opinion. Nonetheless, a few words may not be amiss on what for me is the proper approach to take as to the lack of power of this Court to pass on the motives of the legislative body, on the lack of persuasiveness of petitioner's argument based on the equal protection guarantee, and on the fundamental concept of fairness of which the due process clause is an embodiment, thus calling for the nullification of the disqualification of a candidate upon the mere filing of charges against him. 
1. The challenge to the provision in question is predicated on what was referred to as "a known fact in the province of Nueva Vizcaya that the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of herein petitioner to make a political come back [sic] as governor of Nueva Vizcaya. The wordings [sic] of the law is so peculiarly attuned to discriminate against herein petitioner because every condition imposed as disqualification grounds are known to be possessed by him because he was a former elective provincial official who has received his retirement benefits, he desires to run for the same elective office and at the commencement of the term of office to which he now seeks to be elected, he shall have reached 65 years of age. 4 Clearly then, the plea for invalidating such provision is the motive attributed to the Interim Batasang Pambansa. For petitioner, it amounted to a constitutional infirmity fatal in character. The weakness of the petition is thus apparent. No decision of this Tribunal can be cited in support of such a proposition. It would be to extend unduly the concept of judicial review if a court can roam far and wide and range at will over the variety and diversity of the reasons, the promptings that may lead a legislator to cast his vote for or against a proposed legislation. It is not what inspired the introduction of a bill but the effect thereof if duly enacted that is decisive. That would be the test for its validity or lack of it. There is this relevant excerpt from McCray v. United States: 5 "The decisions of this Court [Supreme Court of the United States] from the beginning lend no support whatever to the assumption that the judiciary may restrain the exercise of lawful power on the assumption that a wrongful purpose of motive has caused the power to be exerted. 6 The late Chief Justice Warren, who penned the opinion in United States v. O' Brien 7 put the matter thus: "Inquiries into congressional motives or purposes are a hazardous matter. When the issue is simply the interpretation of legislation, the Court will look to statements by legislators for guidance as to the purpose of the legislature, because the benefit to sound decision-making in this circumstance is thought sufficient to risk the possibility of misreading Congress' purpose. It is entirely a different matter when we are asked to void a statute that is, under well-settled criteria, constitutional on its face, on the basis of what fewer than a handful of Congressmen said about it. What motivates one legislator to make a speech about a statute is not necessarily what motivates scores of others to enact it, and the stakes are sufficiently high for us to eschew guesswork. We decline to void essentially on the ground that it is unwise legislation which Congress had the undoubted power to enact and which could be reenacted in its exact form if the same or another legislator made a 'wiser' speech about it." 8 
2. If, however, the provision in question is susceptible to the reproach that it amounts to a denial of equal protection, then his plea for nullification should be accorded a sympathetic response. As the opinion of the Court makes clear, such imputation is not deserving of credence. The classification cannot be stigmatized as lacking in rationality. It is germane to the subject. Age, as well as the fact of retirement and the receipt of retirement benefits are factors that can enter into any legislative determination of what disqualifications to impose. As was pointed out in J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. v. Land Tenure Administration: 9 "It suffices then that the laws operate equally and uniformly on all persons under similar circumstances or that all persons must be treated in the same manner, the conditions not being different, both in the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. Favoritism and undue preference cannot be allowed. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical, are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that fall within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest. 10 It cannot be denied that others similarly fall under the same ban. It was not directed at petitioner solely. The most that can be said is that he falls within the-proscribed class. The point was likewise raised as to why should national officials be excluded in the above provision. The answer is simple. There is nothing to prevent the legislative body from following a system of priorities. This it did under the challenged legislative provision. In its opinion, what called for such a measure is the propensity of the local officials having reached the retirement age and having received retirement benefits once again running for public office. Accordingly, the provision in question was enacted. A portion of the opinion in the aforesaid J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. finds relevance: "It was confronted with a situation that caned for correction, and the legislation that was the result of its deliberation sought to apply the necessary palliative. That it stopped short of possibly attaining the cure of other analogous ills certainly does not stigmatize its effort as a denial of equal protection. We have given our sanction to the principle underlying the exercise of police power and taxation, but certainly not excluding eminent domain, that 'the legislature is not required by the Constitution to adhere to the policy of all "or none." ' Thus, to reiterate, the invocation by petitioner of the equal protection clause is futile and unavailing ." 11 
3. That brings us to the assailed provision as to the sufficiency of the filing of charges for the commission of such crimes as subversion, insurrection, rebellion or others of similar nature before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation, being a prima facie evidence of such fact and therefore justifying the disqualification of a candidate. The opinion of the Court invoked the constitutional presumption of innocence as a basis for its being annulled. That conclusion is well-founded. Such being the case, I am in full agreement. I would add that such a provision is moreover tainted with arbitrariness and therefore is violative of the due process clause. Such a constitutional right, to quote from Luzon Surety Co., Inc. v. Beson, 12 is "not a mere formality that may be dispensed with at will. Its disregard is a matter of serious concern. It is a constitutional safeguard of the highest order. It is a response to man's innate sense of justice." 13 As rightfully stressed in the opinion of the Court, the time element may invariably preclude a full hearing on the charge against him and thus effectively negate the opportunity of an individual to present himself as a candidate. If, as has been invariably the case, a prosecutor, whether in a civil court or in a military tribunal saddled as he is with so many complaints filed on his desk would give in to the all-too-human propensity to take the easy way out and to file charges, then a candidate Would be hard put to destroy the presumption. A sense of realism for me compels a declaration of nullity of a provision which on its face is patently offensive to the Constitution. 
Hence my concurrence.
TEEHANKEE, J., dissenting:
Files a separate opinion dissenting from the adverse ruling on Dumlaos candidacy and declining to rule on the invalidity of the first part of Section 4 of the questioned Law; and concurs with the pronouncement that the mere filing of charges shall be prima facie cause for disqualification is void. 
I. I dissent from the majority's dismissal of the petition insofar as it upholds the discriminatory and arbitrary provision of Sec. 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would impose a special disqualification on petitioner Patricio Dumlao from running for the elective local office of governor of his home province of Nueva Vizcaya and would in effect bar the electors of his province from electing him to said office in the January 30 elections, simply because he is a retired provincial governor of said province "who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law and who shall have been 65 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected." 
To specially and peculiarly ban a 65-year old previously retired elective local official from running for the same elective office (of governor, in this case) previously held by him and from which he has retired is arbitrary, oppressive and unreasonable. Persons similarly situated are not similarly treated, e.g. a retired vice-governor, mayor or councilor of 65 is entitled to run for governor (because the disqualification is for the retiree of 65 to run for the same elective office from which he retired) but petitioner is barred from doing so (although he may run for any other lesser office). Both are 65 and are retirees, yet one is barred from running for the office of governor. What is the valid distinction? Is this not an arbitrary discrimination against petitioner who has cause to that "the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of petition to make a political comeback as governor of Nueva Vizcaya 1 — (since no other case by a former governor similarly barred by virtue of said provision can never be cited 2 ). Is there not here, therefore a gross denial of the cardinal constitutional guarantee that equal protection and security shall be given under the law to every person, under analogous if not Identical circumstances?
Respondent's claim, as accepted by the majority, is that the purpose of the special disqualification is "to infuse new blood in local governments but the classification (that would bar 65-year old retirees from running for the same elective local office) is not rational nor reasonable. It is not germane nor relevant to the alleged purpose of "infusing new blood" because such "old blood" retirees may continue in local governments since they are not disqualified at all to run for any other local elective office such as from provincial governor, vice-governor, city, municipal or district mayor and vice- mayor to member of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan Sangguniang Panglunsod and Sangguniang Bayan, other than the local elective office from which they retired. 
Furthermore, other 65-year olds who have likewise retired from the judiciary and other branches of government are not in any manner disqualified to run for any local elective office, as in the case of retired Court of First Instance Judge (former Congressman) Alberto S. Ubay who retired with full substantial retirement benefits as such judge in 1978 at age 70 and now at past 71 years of age, is running as the official KBL candidate for governor of his province. And even in the case of 65-year old local elective officials, they are disqualified only when they have received payment of the retirement benefits to which they are entitled under the law (which amount to very little, compared to retirement benefits of other executive officials and members of the judiciary). If they have not received such retirement benefits, they are not disqualified. Certainly, their disqualification or non-disqualification and consequent classification as "old blood" or "new blood" cannot hinge on such an irrelevant question of whether or not they have received their retirement benefits. 
The classification is patently arbitrary and unreasonable and is not based on substantial distinctions which make for real differences that would justify the special disqualification of petitioner, which, it is claimed, "is based on a presumption that elective local officials who have retired and are of advanced age cannot discharge the functions of the office they seek as those who are differently situated." 3 Such presumption is sheer conjecture. The mere fact that a candidate is less than 65 or has "young or new blood" does not mean that he would be more efficient, effective and competent than a mature 65year old like petition er who has had experience on the job and who was observed at the hearing to appear to be most physically fit. Sufice it to city the outstanding case of the incumbent ebullient Minister of Foreign Affairs, General Carlos P. Romulo, who was elected a 80 as a member of the Interim Batasan Pambansa and who has just this month completed 81 years of age and has been hailed by the President himself as "the best foreign minister the Republic has ever had
Age has simply just never been a yardstick for qualification or disqualification. Al. the most, a minimum age to hold public office has been required as a qualification to insure a modicum of maturity 'now reduced to 21 years in the present batas), but no maximum age has ever been imposed as a disqualification for elect public office since the right and win of the people to elect the candidate of their choice for any elective office, no matter his age has always been recognized as supreme. 
The disqualification in question therefore is grossly violative of the equal protection clause which mandates that all persons subjected to legislation shall be treated alike, under like circumstances and conditions, both in the privileges conferred and in the liabilities imposed. The guarantee is meant to proscribe undue favor and individual or class privilege on the one hand and hostile discrimination and the oppression of in quality on the other. The questioned provision should therefore at the least be declared invalid in its application insofar as it would disqualify petitioner from running for the office of governor of his province.
As aptly restated by the Chief Justice, "Persons similarly situated should be similarly treated. Where no valid distinction could be made as to the relevant conditions that call for consideration, there should be none as to the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. There can be no undue favoritism or partiality on the one hand or hostility on the other. Arbitrary selection and discrimination against persons in thus ruled out. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that full within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest." 4
Finally, this arbitrary disqualification is likewise grossly violative of Article XII, sub-article C, section 9(1) of the 1973 Constitution that Bona fide candidates for any public office shall be free from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
II. I concur with the majority's declaration of invalidity of the portion of the second paragraph of Section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would make the mere filing of charges of subversion, insurrection, rebellion or other similar crimes before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation prima facie evidence of the fact of commission of an act of disloyalty to the State on the part of the candidate and disqualify him from his candidacy. Such a provision could be the most insidious weapon to disqualify bona fide candidates who seem to be headed for election and places in the hands of the military and civil prosecutors a dangerous and devastating weapon of cutting off any candidate who may not be to their filing through the filing of last-hour charges against him. 
I also concur with the pronouncement made in the majority decision that in order that a judgment of conviction may be deemed "as conclusive evidence" of the candidate's disloyalty to the State and of his disqualification from office, such judgment of conviction must be final and unappealable. This is so specifically provided in Section 22 of the 1978 Election Code. 5 Otherwise, the questioned provision would deny the bona fide candidate substantive due process and would be grossly violative of his constitutional right of presumption of innocence and of the above-quoted provision of the 1973 Constitution protecting candidates for public office from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
ADDENDUM 
When the case was voted upon a second time last January 21st, there appeared to be a majority in favor of the declarations and pronouncements above referred to in the two preceding paragraphs, in view of the urgency of the matter and the evil sought to be avoided. However, as of this writing, January 23, 1980 in the afternoon, such majority seems to have been dissipated by the view that the action to nullify such second paragraph of section 4 of the Batas in question is premature and has not been properly submitted for ajudication under the strict procedural require . If this be the case, my above views, termed as concurrences, should be taken as dissents against the majority action. 
 
Separate Opinions
BARREDO, J., concurring:
But as regards the matter of equal protection, I reiterate my view for Peralta that Sec. 9(1) Art. XI I is more expensive than the equal protection clause. 
AQUINO, J, concurring:
concur in the result as to paragraph I of the dispositive part of the decision. I dissent as to paragraph 2. In my opinion, paragraph 2, section 4 of Batas Pambansa Bilang 52 is valid, being similar to certain presumptions in Articles 217 and 315 of the Penal Code, as amended by Republic Act No. 4885. See U.S. v. Luling, 34 Phil. 725 and People v. Mingoa, 92 Phil. 856. 
ABAD SANTOS, J., concurring:
concur but wish to add that a judgment of conviction as provided in Sec. 4, par. 2 of Batas Pambansa Big. 52 should be one which is final and unappealable. 
FERNANDO, C.J., concurring. 
It is particularly gratifying that the reiteration in the ably-written and scholarly opinion of the Court, penned by Justice Melencio-Herrera, of the standard that must be met before the power of judicial review may be availed of, set forth with such lucidity and force by Justice Laurel in the two leading cases of Angara v. Electoral Commission 1 and People v. Vera, 2 did not constitute an obstacle to this Court ruling on the crucial constitutional issues raised. It was a cause for concern, for me at least, that counsel of private parties in not a few cases in the recent past had shown less than full awareness of the doctrines, procedural in character, that call for application whenever the exercise of this awesome and delicate responsibility of adjudging the validity of a statute or presidential decree is invoked. 3 While this Court cannot be accused of being bound by the letters of judicial timidity, it remains true that no cavalier disregard of tried and tested concepts should be given encouragement. A petitioner who bases his claim for relief on asserted constitutional deficiencies deserves to be heard. That goes without saying. For the judiciary must ever endeavor to vindicate rights safeguarded by the fundamental law. In that sense, this Tribunal is not susceptible to the reproach that it has imprisoned itself in its allegiance to the philosophy of judicial self-restraint. There are, however, limits to judicial activism. It cannot be too strongly stressed that a petition of this character must ever remain an orderly proceeding that cannot be oblivious of the requisites to be complied with to justify a pronouncement on constitutional issues. Where there is exuberance in the exercise of judicial power, the forms of litigation are but slight retaining walls. It is right and proper that the voice of the Solicitor General should be heard in protest against such neglect of rudimentary precepts. Necessarily then, whenever objections based on refusal to abide by the procedural principles are presented, this Court must rule. It would suffice if thereby the petition is dismissed for non-observance of the controlling doctrines. There are times, however, when the controversy is of such a character that to resolve doubts, erase uncertainty, and assure respect for constitutional limitations, this Tribunal must pass on the merits. This is one such case. I therefore concur with the opinion of the Court. 
It may be a task of superfluity then to write a concurring opinion. Nonetheless, a few words may not be amiss on what for me is the proper approach to take as to the lack of power of this Court to pass on the motives of the legislative body, on the lack of persuasiveness of petitioner's argument based on the equal protection guarantee, and on the fundamental concept of fairness of which the due process clause is an embodiment, thus calling for the nullification of the disqualification of a candidate upon the mere filing of charges against him. 
1. The challenge to the provision in question is predicated on what was referred to as "a known fact in the province of Nueva Vizcaya that the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of herein petitioner to make a political come back [sic] as governor of Nueva Vizcaya. The wordings [sic] of the law is so peculiarly attuned to discriminate against herein petitioner because every condition imposed as disqualification grounds are known to be possessed by him because he was a former elective provincial official who has received his retirement benefits, he desires to run for the same elective office and at the commencement of the term of office to which he now seeks to be elected, he shall have reached 65 years of age. 4 Clearly then, the plea for invalidating such provision is the motive attributed to the Interim Batasang Pambansa. For petitioner, it amounted to a constitutional infirmity fatal in character. The weakness of the petition is thus apparent. No decision of this Tribunal can be cited in support of such a proposition. It would be to extend unduly the concept of judicial review if a court can roam far and wide and range at will over the variety and diversity of the reasons, the promptings that may lead a legislator to cast his vote for or against a proposed legislation. It is not what inspired the introduction of a bill but the effect thereof if duly enacted that is decisive. That would be the test for its validity or lack of it. There is this relevant excerpt from McCray v. United States: 5 "The decisions of this Court [Supreme Court of the United States] from the beginning lend no support whatever to the assumption that the judiciary may restrain the exercise of lawful power on the assumption that a wrongful purpose of motive has caused the power to be exerted. 6 The late Chief Justice Warren, who penned the opinion in United States v. O' Brien 7 put the matter thus: "Inquiries into congressional motives or purposes are a hazardous matter. When the issue is simply the interpretation of legislation, the Court will look to statements by legislators for guidance as to the purpose of the legislature, because the benefit to sound decision-making in this circumstance is thought sufficient to risk the possibility of misreading Congress' purpose. It is entirely a different matter when we are asked to void a statute that is, under well-settled criteria, constitutional on its face, on the basis of what fewer than a handful of Congressmen said about it. What motivates one legislator to make a speech about a statute is not necessarily what motivates scores of others to enact it, and the stakes are sufficiently high for us to eschew guesswork. We decline to void essentially on the ground that it is unwise legislation which Congress had the undoubted power to enact and which could be reenacted in its exact form if the same or another legislator made a 'wiser' speech about it." 8 
2. If, however, the provision in question is susceptible to the reproach that it amounts to a denial of equal protection, then his plea for nullification should be accorded a sympathetic response. As the opinion of the Court makes clear, such imputation is not deserving of credence. The classification cannot be stigmatized as lacking in rationality. It is germane to the subject. Age, as well as the fact of retirement and the receipt of retirement benefits are factors that can enter into any legislative determination of what disqualifications to impose. As was pointed out in J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. v. Land Tenure Administration: 9 "It suffices then that the laws operate equally and uniformly on all persons under similar circumstances or that all persons must be treated in the same manner, the conditions not being different, both in the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. Favoritism and undue preference cannot be allowed. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical, are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that fall within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest. 10 It cannot be denied that others similarly fall under the same ban. It was not directed at petitioner solely. The most that can be said is that he falls within the-proscribed class. The point was likewise raised as to why should national officials be excluded in the above provision. The answer is simple. There is nothing to prevent the legislative body from following a system of priorities. This it did under the challenged legislative provision. In its opinion, what called for such a measure is the propensity of the local officials having reached the retirement age and having received retirement benefits once again running for public office. Accordingly, the provision in question was enacted. A portion of the opinion in the aforesaid J.M. Tuason and Co., Inc. finds relevance: "It was confronted with a situation that caned for correction, and the legislation that was the result of its deliberation sought to apply the necessary palliative. That it stopped short of possibly attaining the cure of other analogous ills certainly does not stigmatize its effort as a denial of equal protection. We have given our sanction to the principle underlying the exercise of police power and taxation, but certainly not excluding eminent domain, that 'the legislature is not required by the Constitution to adhere to the policy of all "or none." ' Thus, to reiterate, the invocation by petitioner of the equal protection clause is futile and unavailing ." 11 
3. That brings us to the assailed provision as to the sufficiency of the filing of charges for the commission of such crimes as subversion, insurrection, rebellion or others of similar nature before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation, being a prima facie evidence of such fact and therefore justifying the disqualification of a candidate. The opinion of the Court invoked the constitutional presumption of innocence as a basis for its being annulled. That conclusion is well-founded. Such being the case, I am in full agreement. I would add that such a provision is moreover tainted with arbitrariness and therefore is violative of the due process clause. Such a constitutional right, to quote from Luzon Surety Co., Inc. v. Beson, 12 is "not a mere formality that may be dispensed with at will. Its disregard is a matter of serious concern. It is a constitutional safeguard of the highest order. It is a response to man's innate sense of justice." 13 As rightfully stressed in the opinion of the Court, the time element may invariably preclude a full hearing on the charge against him and thus effectively negate the opportunity of an individual to present himself as a candidate. If, as has been invariably the case, a prosecutor, whether in a civil court or in a military tribunal saddled as he is with so many complaints filed on his desk would give in to the all-too-human propensity to take the easy way out and to file charges, then a candidate Would be hard put to destroy the presumption. A sense of realism for me compels a declaration of nullity of a provision which on its face is patently offensive to the Constitution. 
Hence my concurrence.
TEEHANKEE, J., dissenting:
Files a separate opinion dissenting from the adverse ruling on Dumlaos candidacy and declining to rule on the invalidity of the first part of Section 4 of the questioned Law; and concurs with the pronouncement that the mere filing of charges shall be prima facie cause for disqualification is void. 
I. I dissent from the majority's dismissal of the petition insofar as it upholds the discriminatory and arbitrary provision of Sec. 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would impose a special disqualification on petitioner Patricio Dumlao from running for the elective local office of governor of his home province of Nueva Vizcaya and would in effect bar the electors of his province from electing him to said office in the January 30 elections, simply because he is a retired provincial governor of said province "who has received payment of the retirement benefits to which he is entitled under the law and who shall have been 65 years of age at the commencement of the term of office to which he seeks to be elected. 
To specially and peculiarly ban a 65-year old previously retired elective local official from running for the same elective office (of governor, in this case) previously held by him and from which he has retired is arbitrary, oppressive and unreasonable. Persons similarly situated are not similarly treated, e.g. a retired vice-governor, mayor or councilor of 65 is entitled to run for governor (because the disqualification is for the retiree of 65 to run for the same elective office from which he retired) but petitioner is barred from doing so (although he may run for any other lesser office). Both are 65 and are retirees, yet one is barred from running for the office of governor. What is the valid distinction? Is this not an arbitrary discrimination against petitioner who has cause to that "the aforesaid provision was concocted and designed precisely to frustrate any bid of petition to make a political comeback as governor of Nueva Vizcaya 1 — (since no other case by a former governor similarly barred by virtue of said provision can never be cited 2 ). Is there not here, therefore a gross denial of the cardinal constitutional guarantee that equal protection and security shall be given under the law to every person, under analogous if not Identical circumstances?
Respondent's claim, as accepted by the majority, is that the purpose of the special disqualification is "to infuse new blood in local governments but the classification (that would bar 65-year old retirees from running for the same elective local office) is not rational nor reasonable. It is not germane nor relevant to the alleged purpose of "infusing new blood" because such "old blood" retirees may continue in local governments since they are not disqualified at all to run for any other local elective office such as from provincial governor, vice-governor, city, municipal or district mayor and vice- mayor to member of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan Sangguniang Panglunsod and Sangguniang Bayan, other than the local elective office from which they retired. 
Furthermore, other 65-year olds who have likewise retired from the judiciary and other branches of government are not in any manner disqualified to run for any local elective office, as in the case of retired Court of First Instance Judge (former Congressman) Alberto S. Ubay who retired with full substantial retirement benefits as such judge in 1978 at age 70 and now at past 71 years of age, is running as the official KBL candidate for governor of his province. And even in the case of 65-year old local elective officials, they are disqualified only when they have received payment of the retirement benefits to which they are entitled under the law (which amount to very little, compared to retirement benefits of other executive officials and members of the judiciary). If they have not received such retirement benefits, they are not disqualified. Certainly, their disqualification or non-disqualification and consequent classification as "old blood" or "new blood" cannot hinge on such an irrelevant question of whether or not they have received their retirement benefits. 
The classification is patently arbitrary and unreasonable and is not based on substantial distinctions which make for real differences that would justify the special disqualification of petitioner, which, it is claimed, "is based on a presumption that elective local officials who have retired and are of advanced age cannot discharge the functions of the office they seek as those who are differently situated." 3 Such presumption is sheer conjecture. The mere fact that a candidate is less than 65 or has "young or new blood" does not mean that he would be more efficient, effective and competent than a mature 65year old like petition er who has had experience on the job and who was observed at the hearing to appear to be most physically fit. Sufice it to city the outstanding case of the incumbent ebullient Minister of Foreign Affairs, General Carlos P. Romulo, who was elected a 80 as a member of the Interim Batasan Pambansa and who has just this month completed 81 years of age and has been hailed by the President himself as "the best foreign minister the Republic has ever had
Age has simply just never been a yardstick for qualification or disqualification. Al. the most, a minimum age to hold public office has been required as a qualification to insure a modicum of maturity 'now reduced to 21 years in the present batas), but no maximum age has ever been imposed as a disqualification for elect public office since the right and win of the people to elect the candidate of their choice for any elective office, no matter his age has always been recognized as supreme. 
The disqualification in question therefore is grossly violative of the equal protection clause which mandates that all persons subjected to legislation shall be treated alike, under like circumstances and conditions, both in the privileges conferred and in the liabilities imposed. The guarantee is meant to proscribe undue favor and individual or class privilege on the one hand and hostile discrimination and the oppression of in quality on the other. The questioned provision should therefore at the least be declared invalid in its application insofar as it would disqualify petitioner from running for the office of governor of his province.
As aptly restated by the Chief Justice, "Persons similarly situated should be similarly treated. Where no valid distinction could be made as to the relevant conditions that call for consideration, there should be none as to the privileges conferred and the liabilities imposed. There can be no undue favoritism or partiality on the one hand or hostility on the other. Arbitrary selection and discrimination against persons in thus ruled out. For the principle is that equal protection and security shall be given to every person under circumstances, which if not Identical are analogous. If law be looked upon in terms of burden or charges, those that full within a class should be treated in the same fashion, whatever restrictions cast on some in the group equally binding on the rest." 4
Finally, this arbitrary disqualification is likewise grossly violative of Article XII, sub-article C, section 9(1) of the 1973 Constitution that Bona fide candidates for any public office shall be free from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
II. I concur with the majority's declaration of invalidity of the portion of the second paragraph of Section 4 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 which would make the mere filing of charges of subversion, insurrection, rebellion or other similar crimes before a civil court or military tribunal after preliminary investigation prima facie evidence of the fact of commission of an act of disloyalty to the State on the part of the candidate and disqualify him from his candidacy. Such a provision could be the most insidious weapon to disqualify bona fide candidates who seem to be headed for election and places in the hands of the military and civil prosecutors a dangerous and devastating weapon of cutting off any candidate who may not be to their filing through the filing of last-hour charges against him. 
I also concur with the pronouncement made in the majority decision that in order that a judgment of conviction may be deemed "as conclusive evidence" of the candidate's disloyalty to the State and of his disqualification from office, such judgment of conviction must be final and unappealable. This is so specifically provided in Section 22 of the 1978 Election Code. 5 Otherwise, the questioned provision would deny the bona fide candidate substantive due process and would be grossly violative of his constitutional right of presumption of innocence and of the above-quoted provision of the 1973 Constitution protecting candidates for public office from any form of harassment and discrimination. 
ADDENDUM 
When the case was voted upon a second time last January 21st, there appeared to be a majority in favor of the declarations and pronouncements above referred to in the two preceding paragraphs, in view of the urgency of the matter and the evil sought to be avoided. However, as of this writing, January 23, 1980 in the afternoon, such majority seems to have been dissipated by the view that the action to nullify such second paragraph of section 4 of the Batas in question is premature and has not been properly submitted for ajudication under the strict procedural require . If this be the case, my above views, termed as concurrences, should be taken as dissents against the majority action. 
G.R. No. L-52304 January 28, 1980
RAMON B. CENIZA, FEDERICO C. CABILAO, JR., NELSON J. ROSAL and ALEJANDRO R. ALINSUG, petitioners, 
vs.
COMMISSION ON ELECTIONS, COMMISSION ON AUDIT, and NATIONAL TREASURER, respondents. 
 
CONCEPCION JR., J.:
Petition for prohibition and mandamus moth a prayer for a writ of preliminary injunction.
On December 22. 1979, the Interim Batasang Pambansa enacted Batas Blg. 51 providing for local elections on January 30, 1980. Section of the statute provides: 
SEC. 3. Cities. — There shall be in each city such elective local officials as provided in their respective charters, including the city mayor, the city vice-mayor, and the elective members of the sangguniang panglungsod, all of whom shall' be elected by the qualified voters in the city. In addition thereto, there shall be appointive sangguniang panglungsod members consisting of the of the city association of barangay councils, the President of the city federation of the kabataang barangay, and one representative each from the agricultural and industrial labor sectors who shall be appointed by the President (Prime Minister) whenever, as de by the sangguniang panglungsod, said sectors are of sufficient number in the city to warrant representation. 
Until cities are reclassified into highly urbanized and component cities in accordance with the standards established in the Local Government Code as provided for in Article XI, Section 4(1) of the Constitution. any city now existing with an annual regular derived from infrastructure and general funds of not less than forty million pesos (P40,000,000.00) at the time of the approval of this Act shag be classified as a highly urbanized city. All other cities shall be considered components of the provinces where they are geographically located. 
The City of Baguio, because of its special functions as the summer capital of the Philippines, shall be classified as a highly urbanized city irrespective of its income.
The registered voters of a component city may be entitled to vote in the election of the officials of the province of which that city is a component, if its charter so provides. However, voters registered in a highly urbanized city, as hereinabove defined shall not participate nor vote in the election of the officials of the province in which the highly urbanized city is geographically located. 
To implement this Act, the Commission on Elections (COMELEC, for short) adopted Resolution No. 1421, which reads as follows: 
WHEREAS, Batas Pambansa Blg. 51 in calling for the election of the provincial governor, provincial vice-governor and members of the Sangguniang Panlalawigan in each province classified the chartered cities of the Philippines into "highly urbanized" and "component" cities based on the annual regular income of each city, and provided that "the registered voter of a component city may be entitled to vote in the election of the officials of the province of which that city is a component, if its charter provides", but that "voters registered in a highly urbanized city, shall not participate nor vote in the election of the officials of the province in which the highly urbanized city is geographically located"; 
WHEREAS, inasmuch as the charters of the different cities vary with respect to the right of their registered voters to vote for the provincial officials of the provinces where they are located, there is need to study the various charters of the cities and determine what cities shall and shall not vote for provincial officials pursuant to Batas Pambansa Blg. 51; 
WHEREAS, the voters in the cities should be accordingly informed if they are going to vote for provincial officials or not, for their proper guidance; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the Commission on Elections, by virtue of the powers conferred upon it by the Constitution, the 1978 Election Code and Batas Pambansa Blg. 52 (51) RESOLVED, as it hereby RESOLVES, that the qualified voters in each city shall or shall not be entitled to vote for the provincial officials of the province where they are geographically located, to wit: 
A. Cities not entitled to participate in the election of pro- provincial officials
1. Baguio 
11. Mandaue 
2. Bais 
12. Manila 
3. Canlaon 
13. Naga
4. Caloocan 
14. Ormoc 
5. Cebu 
15. Oroquieta 
6. Cotabato 
16. Ozamis
7. Dagupan 
17. Pasay 
8. Davao 
18. Quezon 
9. General Santo 
19. San Carlos (Pangasinan) 
10. Iloilo 
20. Zamboanga 
Because the City of Cebu has an income of P51,603,147,64, it is classified as a highly urbanized city and the voters thereof cannot take part in the election of the elective provincial officials of the province of Cebu, although the Charter of Cebu City 1 allows the qualified voters of the city to vote in the election of the provincial officials of the Province of Cebu. 
The City of Mandaue, not having an annual regular income of not less than ?40 million, is classified as a component city. But the registered voters of the city cannot vote for the provincial elective officials because its Charter 2 expressly provides that the registered voters of the city cannot participate in the election of the provincial officials of the Province of Cebu, except to be a candidate therefor. 
The petitioners filed the instant suit as taxpayers and registered voters in the Cities of Cebu and Mandaue. They are members of a civic and non-partisan group known as D-O-E-R-S (an accronym for "DEMOCRACY OR EXTINCTION: RESOLVED TO SUCCEED) which counts lawyers among its members, and extends free legal assistance to citizens regardless of economic and social status in meritorious cases involving violation of civil liberties and basic human rights. They vigorously assail Section 3 of Batas Pambansa Blg. 51, which uses the annual income of a given city as the basis for classification of whether or not a particular city is a highly urbanized city whose voters may not participate in the election of provincial officials of the province where the city is geographically located; and Republic Act No. 5519, otherwise known as the Charter of Mandaue City, which went into effect without the benefit of ratification by the residents of Mandaue in a plebiscite or referendum. They pray that upon filing of the instant petition, a restraining order be issued "temporarily prohibiting the holding of election for Provincial Governor and other elective provincial officials in the province where the 18 cities listed by the respondent COMELEC are located, particularly Cebu City and Mandaue City, and temporarily prohibiting the National Treasurer to release public funds and the COA to pass in audit said funds in connection with and for the purpose of holding local elections in said provinces; and after hearing, to make the injunction permanent declaring unconstitutional and therefore void Section 96, Art. XVIII of the Charter of Mandaue, otherwise known as RA 5519," and should the stopping of the provincial elections in the provinces concerned be not possible, the respondent COMELEC be directed "to allow the qualified registered voters in the cities listed by said respondent, particularly Cebu City and Mandaue City, to participate in the election of, and vote for, the Provincial Governor and other elective provincial officials and preparing the corresponding official ballots for this purpose which shall provide spaces therein for Provincial Governor and other elective provincial officials of the provinces concerned, particularly the province of Cebu."
The petitioners contend that "Section 3 of Batas Blg. 885 3 insofar as it classifies cities including Cebu city as highly urbanized as the only basis for not allowing its electorate to vote for the provincial officials is inherently and palpably unconstitutional in that such classification is not based on substantial distinctions germane to the purpose of the law which in effect provides for and regulates the exercise of the right of suffrage, and therefore such unreasonable classification amounts to a denial of equal protection."
We find no merit in the petition. The thrust of the 1973 Constitution is towards the fullest autonomy of local government units. In the Declaration of Principles and State Policies, it is stated that "The state shall guarantee and promote the autonomy of local government units, especially the barrio, to ensure their fullest development as self-reliant communities." 4 To this end, the Constitution directs the National Assembly to "enact a local government code which may not thereafter be amended except by the majority vote of all its members, defining a more responsive and accountable local government structure with an effective system of recall, allocating among the different local governments their powers, responsibilities, and resources, and providing for the qualifications, election and removal, term, salaries, powers, functions, and duties of local officials, and all other matters relating to the organization and operation of local government units," 5 and empowered local government units "to create its own sources of revenue and to levy taxes, subject to limitations as may be provided by law." 6 Art. XI, Section 4(1) of the said Constitution places highly urbanized cities outside the supervisory power of the province where they are geographically located. This is as it should be because of the complex and varied problems in a highly urbanized city due to a bigger population and greater economic activity which require greater autonomy.
Corollary to independence however, is the concomitant loss of the right to participate in provincial affairs, more particularly the selection of elective provincial officials since these provincial officials have ceased to exercise any governmental jurisdiction and authority over said city. Thus, in the case of Teves vs. Commission on Election 7 this Court, in holding that the registered voters of the City of Dumaguete cannot vote for the provincial officials of Negros Oriental because the charter of the city does not expressly allow the voters in the city to do so, ruled:
The creation of Dumaguete City has made it a political entity separate from and independent of the province of Negros Oriental. The purpose of an election is to enable the electorate to choose the men that will run their government, whether national, provincial, municipal or city. It so, no useful end will be served by allowing — in the absence of express legislative preference — the voters of a city to ceased to have any governmental jurisdiction and authority over said city.
To confirm our view that the city of Dumaguete has been segregated from the province of Oriental Negros for purposes of provincial elections, we should point to the penultimate section of the charter providing that "until otherwise provided by law, the City of Dumaguete shall continue as part of the first representative district of the Province of Oriental Negros." This is an express exception to the general effect of separation — an exception that serves to reiterate or even establish the rule. In other words, the Congress meant that the inhabitants of the city may not vote for provincial officials, but may vote for their representative in Congress. 
The classification of cities into highly urbanized cities and component cities on the basis of their regular annual income is based upon substantial distinction. The revenue of a city would show whether or not it is capable of existence and development as a relatively independent social, economic, and political unit. It would also show whether the city has sufficient economic or industrial activity as to warrant its independence from the province where it is geographically situated. Cities with smaller income need the continued support of the provincial government thus justifying the continued participation of the voters in the election of provincial officials in some instances. 
The petitioners also contend that the voters in Mandaue City are denied equal protection of the law since the voters in other component cities are allowed to vote for provincial officials. The contention is without merit. The practice of allowing voters in one component city to vote for provincial officials and denying the same privilege to voters in another component city is a matter of legislative discretion which violates neither the Constitution nor the voter's right of suffrage. In the case of Teves v. Commission on Election 8 the Court said. 
Petitioners' contention is that, as the Charter of Dumaguete City is silent as to the right of its qualified voters to participate in the election of provincial officials of Negros Oriental and as said voters are residents of the province, they are clearly entitled to vote for said provincial officials. 
The charters of other recently formed cities are articulate on the matter. Thus, in the case of Bacolod, Cabanatuan Legaspi Naga, and Ormoc, their charters expressly prohibit the residents therein from voting for provincial officials of the province to which said cities formerly belonged. Upon the other hand, the charters of Cagayan de Oro, Butuan, Cavite, Iloilo, Calbayog Lipa San Pablo, and Dagupan contain provisions extending their part in the election of the provincial official cities were previously included.
The question that presents itself has reference to the effect of the omission in the charter of Dumaguete City of an express provision on the right of its residents to vote for provincial officials of Negros Oriental, in the light of the legislative practice that, when desired, the right is either recognized or withdrawn expressly. We are inclined to overrule petitioners' position. 
The equal protection of the law contemplates equality in the enjoyment of similar rights and privileges granted by law. It would have been discriminatory and a denial of the equal protection of the law if the statute prohibited an individual or group of voters in the city from voting for provincial officials while granting it to another individual or groups of voters in the same city.
Neither can it be considered an infringement upon the petitioners' rights of suffrage since the Constitution confers no right to a voter in a city to vote for the provincial officials of the province where the city is located. Their right is limited to the right to vote for elective city officials in local elections which the questioned statues neither withdraw nor restrict.
The petitioners further claim that to prohibit the voters in a city from voting for elective provincial officials would impose a substantial requirement on the exercise of suffrage and would violate the sanctity of the ballot, contrary to the provisions of Art. VI, Section 1 of the Constitution. The prohibition contemplated in the Constitution, however, has reference to such requirements, as the Virginia poll tax, invalidated in Harper vs. Virginia Board of Elections, 9 or the New York requirement that to be eligible to vote in a school district, one must be a parent of a child enrolled in a local public school, nullified in Kramer vs. Union Free School District, 395 U.S. 621, which impose burdens on the right of suffrage without achieving permissible estate objectives. In this particular case, no such burdens are imposed upon the voters of the cities of Cebu and Mandaue. They are free to exercise their rights without any other requirement, save that of being registered voters in the cities where they reside and the sanctity of their ballot is maintained. 
It is also contended that the prohibition would subvert the principle of republicanism as it would deprive a citizen his right to participate in the conduct of the affairs of the government unit through the exercise of his right of suffrage. It has been pointed out, however, that the provincial government has no governmental supervision over highly urbanized cities. These cities are independent of the province in the administration of their affairs. Such being the case, it is but just and proper to limit the selection and election of the provincial officials to the voters of the province whose interests are vitally affected and exclude therefrom the voters of highly urbanized cities. 
Petitioners assail the charter of the City of Mandaue as unconstitutional for not having been ratified by the residents of the city in a plebiscite. This contention is untenable. The Constitutional requirement that the creation, division, merger, abolition, or alteration of the boundary of a province, city, municipality, or barrio should be subject to the approval by the majority of the votes cast in a plebiscite in the governmental unit or units affected 10 is a new requirement that came into being only with the 1973 Constitution. It is prospective 11 in character and therefore cannot affect the creation of the City of Mandaue which came into existence on June 21, 1969. 
Finally, the petitioners claim that political and gerrymandering motives were behind the passage of Batas Blg. 51 and Section 96 of the Charter of Mandaue City. They contend that the Province of Cebu is politically and historically known as an opposition bailiwick and of the total 952,716 registered voters in the province, 234,582 are from Cebu City and 44,358 come from Mandaue City, so that 278,940 electors, or close to one-third (1/3) of the entire province of Cebu would be barred from voting for the provincial officials of the province of Cebu. Such charge has no factual and legal basis. "Gerrymandering" is a "term employed to describe an apportionment of representative districts so contrived as to give an unfair advantage to the party in power. 12 The questioned statutes in this particular case do not apportion representative districts. The said representative districts remain the same. Nor has it been shown that there is an unfair advantage in favor of the candidates of the party in power. As the Solicitor General pointed out, it may even be that the majority of the city voters are supporters of the administration candidates, so that the enactment of the questioned statutes will work to their disadvantage. 
WHEREFORE, the petition should be, as it is hereby dismissed. Costs against the petitioners. 
SO ORDERED. 
Fernando, C.J., Barredo, Makasiar, Antonio, Aquino, Fernandez, Guerrero, Abad Santos, De Castro and Melencio-Herrera, JJ., concur 
Teehankee, J., took no part. 









