EXPEDITION WESTWARD
There’s fun at the end of the road

Book 2, Robot Horizon series

by Brian Bakos



cover art: Rob Jones  photography: Brian Bakos

Copyright 2013, Brian Bakos / revised 05–2021
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to anyone else. If you want to share this book, please buy an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and obtain your own copy. Thanks for respecting the author’s hard work.

The characters and events depicted in this book are real; they just haven’t happened yet. Any similarity to actual future persons, human or robotic, is intentional.


Table of Contents
What Happened Before
One: The New Order Wilts
Two: Fugitives
Three: Perils on the Road
Four: Pickle Lake Convulsions
Five: Breakout Attempts
Six: The West Coast Beckons
Seven: Space Invaders
Eight: Love Comes to Town
Nine: A New Dawn
Reading Group Guide
Next Book in the Series
Connect with the Author
Brian’s Other Books
What Happened Before

Editor’s note
This is book two of the Robot Horizon series. If you haven’t read book one, Return to Mech City, please visit my website to obtain a copy or get one from the store where found this volume. You’ll enjoy the following story better when you know what happened before.
Okay, if you don’t want to do that, here’s a thumbnail sketch of book one. It contains spoilers, so would you like to reconsider getting a copy and reading the whole thing?

As mankind finally succumbs to its follies and exits the world stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City, the place of his manufacture, bearing a vast internal database of human literature, history, and language. This had been programmed into him at the behest of his former master as the “Walking Library of Alexandria” project.
When Winston arrives on his mission to preserve the human cultural heritage, he finds Mech City in dire straights. The robotic inhabitants, who were never designed to exist independently, are deteriorating psychologically and turning to suicide or brigandage. Their demise follows a downward spiral predicted by the Che syndrome theory.
He meets Estrela—a.k.a. Star Power—the world’s only sexually functional female robot, and Iridium, a noble robotic wolf. Star and Winston immediately click, but Winston cannot satisfy Star’s robust sexual desires. She is on a “whole new level of creation” from him.
Inspired by Star’s great beauty and kindness, Winston devises a plan to save Mech City—restore the derelict REX Hotel and turn it into the town’s fashionable “in” locale. This gives employment and purpose to the town’s residents. The suicides stop, Winston becomes Mech City’s most important and respected citizen.
Things unravel when Nilo, a despised test bed robot, morphs into Fascista Ultimo (F.U. to my friends) and seizes control using the mech wolves and other robotic monstrosities that crazed human technicians had produced in their final months.
As one of the “Humanite Master Race” model robots, Winston is sucked into the Roboto Fascist regime and becomes a key official, lording over the supposedly inferior “metal man” robots. Motivated by Star’s plight (F.U. wants her as a concubine) Winston comes to his senses and hatches a plot to bring down the tyrant. Winston is too discredited to be the new leader, however. 
Ajax, a recreation of a comic book robotic hero, is the only suitable choice for Mech City’s new leader. Problem is, Ajax’s head has supposedly been carried off by birds to a mysterious castle in the mountains. He is barely functional with his auxiliary brain.
On the basis of this fantastic story, Winston and Star set out to find Ajax’s head. Iridium joins them on the road and, after much tribulation, they get to Pickle Lake Castle where robotics technician and plague survivor, Dr. Edgar Rackenfauz, has set up shop. His mech birds had stolen Ajax’s head as a bizarre prank. 
Star learns from Rackenfauz about Dr. Jerry Che who created her as a robotic sex partner. Maybe Dr. Che has also survived the plague, thanks to Rackenfauz’s vaccines. He could be on the West Coast. Star wants to find Che immediately and have Winston converted to full functionality. They decide to finish the mission to overthrow Fascista Ultimo first.
They retrieve the head and return to Mech City. In the climatic Battle of Heroes’ Square, they defeat Fascista Ultimo with the aid of Dr. Rackenfauz’s mech birds. Ajax has severe problems with his reattached head, though. Hailed as a hero, Winston agrees to serve as “interim mayor.” Once Ajax is fully recovered, Winston promises to travel westward with Star to find Dr. Che. The temptations of power lurk.
Now, read further...
One: The New Order Wilts

1. The Winston Horvath Regime
“Power is my mistress.” – Napoléon Bonaparte 
Dawn cast its glum light onto a pair of robots walking near the REX Hotel, seat of government for Mech City.
“We’d better get a move on,” Reynold said. “We’ll be late for work.”
“Screw it,” Pete replied with a disdainful flick of his hand. “I’m thinking it’s time to quit that stupid job.”
Reynold glanced uneasily about the deserted street with its boarded shop fronts and brick walls scrubbed of human graffiti. Despite the general cleanliness, repaired sidewalks and filled-in potholes, the area had the aspect of a slum—except for the REX shining in renovated glory. An acrid, chemical smell affronted their olfactory sensors, as it did everywhere in the city.
Like his companion, Reynold was an angular metal man robot—generally human in configuration though lacking the physical refinements of the Humanite designs. They looked identical, except for Reynold’s orange exterior components and Pete’s dull purple ones.
“The Boss wouldn’t like anybody quitting,” Reynold cautioned.
“Screw that dictator. Don’t you want to get out, too?”
“Well... Yow!”
A canid robot the size of a large timber wolf emerged from the alley in front of them. The creature bared its long fangs, and a staticky growl rumbled in its speaker unit. Yellow optical sensors flashed malevolently; the gray coat bristled. 
Reynold cringed back. “We got company.”
“N-nice doggie,” Pete said. “We’re on our way to work. Sorry if we’re a bit late.”
The two-legged robots quickened their pace, giving the mech wolf a wide berth. The creature followed close behind, urging them on. Soon they were running along the sidewalk.
“Still want to quit?” Reynold asked.
“Uh... not today, thanks.”
They zipped past the REX and hurried on toward the construction site across town.

From his office window several stories up, “Boss” Winston Horvath watched the scene unfold on the street. 
“Ah, how nice that my workers are showing initiative.” He grinned. “Of course, sometimes they require a little encouragement.”
Seven weeks had passed since he’d engineered the overthrow of Fascista Ultimo, and Winston ruled Mech City with an iron hand. Actually, it consisted of titanium alloy and plastic composites, but the metaphor still applied. His tenure as “interim mayor” had been one of increasing authoritarianism. 
How this state of affairs evolved was a mystery to him. One day he was the darling of the revolution, loved by everyone. Then, by degrees, he’d morphed into a despot, using the mech wolf robots as storm troops to stifle all opposition.
Stern measures are needed to whip things into shape. He rationalized. In any case, this is only a temporary situation.
Winston remained at the window, gazing over the city, his city. One hand rested on a hip; his face assumed a hard and dramatic expression. He was a proud Humanite model with advanced intelligence and a physique resembling that of the vanished masters, though his blue exterior lessened the effect. 
A large gold medallion emblazoned with the title Mayor hung around his neck. His battle scars had been filled in and concealed beneath a fresh paint job. Red highlights ran along the outsides of his legs, in the style of a field marshal’s trouser stripes. He placed both hands on the window sill. 
The humans had their Winston... Churchill. Why shouldn’t we have ours? 
He’d brought order and discipline. Everyone had work now; work made them free. Under Winston’s guidance, the dreaded Che syndrome remained at bay. Everyone had purpose to their existence and nobody committed suicide anymore. Scrapper gangs took one look at the snarling mech wolf patrols and kept their distance. 
He’d ordered a face lift for Mech City, starting with the new mayor’s palace. This structure would cast in stone the unbreakable bond between the citizens and their great leader—hero of the battle against Fascist tyranny—Winston Horvath! He’d visit the construction site today after studying the report submitted by Jimmy, the head foreman. 
Winston turned toward his massive desk with its Excellency the Mayor placard standing sentry on its leading edge. His movements were smooth and decisive as he crossed from the window to his seat of power. He settled into the great leather-clad chair and flipped open the folder containing the report.
Jimmy’s a damn good fellow, but he lacks ideological flair. All he ever talks about are boring technical matters. Winston sighed, electronically speaking. Ah well, another day of toil on behalf of my people. 
* * *
Across town at the Robotics Development Institute (RDI), another day of repair work continued in the main workshop. Every table held a casualty from the battle that had wrenched Mech City away from the Fascista Ultimo dictatorship. Some of these robots had their torsos crushed in, others were missing limbs. They all had functioning brain units, though. Other casualties had not been so fortunate, and their recyclable components stocked the spare parts bin.
Repair technician bots, Quincy and Jack, worked on the prime casualty—Iridium, a large canid similar to the mech wolves but with advanced intelligence and a lustrous coat that constantly shifted color under the workshop lights. So vivid were these flowing colors, the repair bots had to wear sunglasses.
They were both metal man designs who’d been exploited by the Roboto Fascist regime. Winston Horvath had changed all that when he’d overthrown the dictatorship... sort of. 
“Are things really better now?” Jack inquired in a barely audible voice.
Quincy shrugged. “Beats me. I just work here.”
“Not a topic for discussion, eh?”
“Right.” Quincy turned off the analyzer device he’d been studying and raised his sunglasses. “I think we’re about finished with you, Iridium.”
“We’ll do your final mobility tests this afternoon,” Jack added. “Make sure everything’s nicely synced.”
Something like a grin spread across Iridium’s muzzle. “Thanks. You guys are the greatest.”
Jack and Quincy exchanged nervous glances, then looked toward the two mech wolves observing them balefully from a near corner. The ferocious creatures, knock-offs of the Iridium design, had been posted here by Mayor Winston to “provide assistance.” 
The mayor hadn’t explained what kind of assistance to expect. Every casualty sprawled on a workbench, except for Iridium, had been put there by these mech wolves and their comrades during the Battle of Heroes’ Square. Iridium had been smashed up by the Clawfurt monstrosity whose deactivated carcass now lurked in the RDI basement.
“Don’t let Winston hear you talk like that, Iridium,” Jack said in a hushed voice.
“Yeah,” Quincy agreed. “He’s got the corner on being ‘the greatest.’”
Star Power glanced over from a table across the room where she worked on another damaged robot. A warm beam followed her gaze, and it accompanied her as she walked toward Iridium and the repair bots. The head of every sentient casualty on the tables turned to follow her, drawn by her incredible loveliness—so apparent, even to the asexual metal men.
Star’s light brown skin, almond eyes, and long, dark hair referenced universal concepts of beauty. Her voluptuous figure moved seductively as she walked. She was the most human-like of all the robots. 
She arrived at Iridium’s table and stroked the great canid’s head. “How do you feel, Iri?” 
“In the pink. Considering I’m made up largely of recycled components from mech wolf wrecks.”
Star laughed. The melodious sound complemented her low, seductive speaking voice.
“It would have been better to transfer Iridium’s brain unit into a healthy mech wolf body,” Quincy said. “That type of surgery is beyond our skill set, though.”
“If we disconnected his brain, there’d be no telling if we could hook it up again,” Jack said. “We didn’t have proper schematics to work from.”
“I think you boys did fine,” Star said.
She kissed Iridium’s head. He melted at the contact and emitted a resonant purr, like a gigantic kitten. Jack and Quincy took a step back.
“That noise gives me the shudders,” Jack whispered. “It sounds like he’s getting ready to have us for dinner.”
“Don’t worry,” Quincy said, “he doesn’t have a digestive system.”
“That’s reassuring.”
“You hang in there, Iri, okay?” Star said.
“Right-o.” Iridium stopped his infernal purring. 
“Maybe you should take things easy for a while,” Jack said. 
“Yeah, enjoy life after everything you’ve been through,” Quincy said. “Hang out, smell the flowers, if you can find any.”
Iridium shook his head. “I’m going out of my brain unit with boredom. Right after my tests, I’m seeing the mayor about my security chief job.”
Again, Jack and Quincy exchanged glances, including Star in their unease this time.
“Are you sure you want to do that?” Quincy asked. “Things have changed a lot since you were wrecked.”
A suspicious frown creased Iridium’s face. “I was promised the position as soon as I could handle it. Didn’t you say I’m fully recovered?”
“Well... yeah. Of course, something might turn up in the final tests.”
“Not likely. My internal diagnostics would tell me if I wasn’t fit.”
An awkward silence followed. Jack and Quincy diverted their optical sensors toward the floor.
“Why don’t you let me speak to Winston first?” Star said.
Iridium studied the worried faces of the two-legged robots hovering over him. “Okay.” 

2. Unexpected Visitors
Star poked her head into the mayor’s office to observe Winston poring over some papers at his desk. He rubbed his chin with that scholarly gesture so characteristic of him, and feelings she’d almost forgotten surged anew. 
An avalanche of memories transported her back to a simpler time when Winston had been her hero. When he’d protected her against Fascista Ultimo and been her great comrade in arms. All others had despaired, yet Winston fought on until the Roboto Fascist dictatorship came crashing down.
A sad, nostalgic smile moved across her face. Pangs of love assailed her heart. Winston straightened his shoulders in that new, arrogant manner of his, and the moment passed. A bitter expression twisted Star’s mouth. She rapped her knuckles on the door frame. Winston looked up from his desk. 
“Hail, Exalted Mayor,” she said with a slight bow.
“Ah, Star, so good to see you!” Winston rose and crossed the room.
“Might I request an audience, Exalted Mayor?” 
“Forget the ceremonial gab. I’m plain old Winston, remember?”
“Really?” 
He took both her hands into his. The communicator that controlled the mech wolf guards dangled from his left wrist. 
“Of course I am.”
“I wish you’d show me more of that old Winston. I really miss him.”
“Ah, forgive me.” Winston trotted out his most engaging smile. “So many responsibilities I have these days. I scarcely recognize myself sometimes.” 
He waved a hand over the imposing environs—the huge desk, plush carpeting, full-length mirrors and towering bookcases filled with items salvaged from local stores. 
“All this is only temporary, until Ajax is back in shape. You know that, Star.”
She nodded, unconvinced. 
Winston grasped her hands again. “It’s been ages. What can I do for you?”
“Well, it’s about Iri.”
Winston withdrew his hands. His eyes narrowed. “What about Iridium?” 
“I spoke to him at the RDI today. He’s doing much better.”
“So glad to hear that,” Winston said without enthusiasm.
“Yes... of course.” His abrupt coldness unsettled her. “Anyhow, Iridium told me he feels ready to take over the security chief job, as you promised him.”
“I see... What did Jack and Quincy think?”
“Well, they thought – ”
Iridium strolled into the office with his customary swaggering confidence, as if he owned everything he surveyed. Winston stiffened.
“Here he is now,” Star said. “Iri can explain things better than I can.”
“Iridium!” Winston was all smiles again. “So glad to see you’re up and around.”
“Hi, pal. Good to see you, too,” Iridium replied, poker-faced.
Winston maintained his smile. “I’ve been meaning to visit, but city business sucks up all my time.”
“Yeah, a lot of things suck these days.” 
Star stroked the great canid’s head. “How did the tests go, dearie?”
“Great. I’m feeling almost factory fresh.”
Winston’s smile faded somewhat. “Quincy and Jack are getting better at their repair work all the time, aren’t they?” 
“Right, but speedy they ain’t,” Iridium said.
Winston returned to his desk and sat down, careful to keep his left wrist hidden. “What can I do for you?” 
“I’m reporting for duty as security chief,” Iridium said. “As per our agreement.”
“Yes, well...” The leather-upholstered chair creaked as Winston shifted his weight. “I’m afraid there’s a bit of a problem there, old chap.” 
“Problem?” 
Winston fiddled with the communication device strapped to his wrist. Four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room. 
“Yes, quite.”
The mech wolves closed in on Iridium, teeth bared and metallic growls rumbling in their throats. The hairs of their gray coats stood on end.
“Oh!” Star cried.
“No need to be alarmed,” Winston said. “Please remain calm.”
“What’s going on?” Iridium demanded.
Winston shrugged apologetically. “You see, the mech wolf guards have become used to my way of doing things. A change right now would upset them.”
Iridium surveyed the wall of razor teeth and vicious yellow eyes confronting him. “Okay, pal. I get the picture.”
“I’m certain things will be different once Ajax becomes mayor,” Winston said. “This is only a temporary situation. You do understand?”
“Yeah, right.” 
Iridium backed away from the mech wolves and retreated toward the door. As he passed Star, he commented in a low, angry voice: “That guy’s turning into another Fascista Ultimo.”
Star looked daggers at the Exalted Mayor. “Ohhh, it’s times like this I really hate you.”
Winston raised his open hands. “I have important work to do. Sometimes, I have to disappoint others.”
“You’ve certainly disappointed me!” 
She turned to go.
“Star, wait...”
She stomped out the door leaving Winston alone at his desk, baffled. He stood and resumed his solitary post at the window.
“Nobody understands me.” He thrust out his chin. “This must be the price of greatness.”

3. Ajax Debuts
Late afternoon sunshine glared through Winston’s open door, thrusting dramatic rays across his desk as he studied the construction update report. 
The sky shone uncharacteristically bright; the report did not. In it, Jimmy expressed again his deep misgivings about the government quarter building project, especially the new mayor’s palace. 
“Hmm.” Winston stroked his chin. “I’ve heard all this before. What’s that old expression? ‘A broken record.’” 
Jimmy’s report overflowed with dreary specifics. It spoke of inadequate materials and transport, problems with drainage, labor shortages, insufficient foundational strength, etc. All the things that got in the way of truly grand endeavors. The report even suggested the entire project should be canceled.
Outrageous! Winston shoved the papers aside with disgust. 
A shadow spread across the desk. He jerked his head up to see Ajax towering outside the doorway. Winston stood and tried to conceal his unpleasant surprise. 
“Ajax! How good to see you.”
“Greetings, Interim Mayor.” Ajax ducked his head through the doorway. “May I enter?”
“Yes, please do.”
Ajax covered the distance to Winston’s desk with a few long paces. The bronze-toned robot dominated the office with his powerful 2.2 meters of height. His noble Greek warrior head rotated to scan the environs; its optical sensors flashed. The effect was highly unsettling despite the great rectitude shining from those eyes. Winston suppressed a panicky urge to flee. 
I liked him better without his head, Winston thought.
“So... how are you feeling?” Winston asked.
“Quite well, thank you, Interim Mayor,” Ajax replied with a slight bow.
“You can drop the formality. My friends call me W.H.”
“Certainly... uh, W.H.” 
“What can I do for you?” 
Ajax stood at attention. “My internal diagnostics indicate I have attained 98.7% of designed capability.” 
“Is that so?” 
“Yes. I feel capable of assuming my duties as mayor.”
Winston’s hand reflexively grasped the medallion hanging from his neck. “What about the mech birds?” 
“They remain deactivated, per your instructions.”
Winston dampened a smile of relief. The mech birds were dangerous Ajax loyalists and skilled fighters. Who knew what mischief they might cook up if they became active again?
“Glad to hear that,” Winston said. “We’ll have to find some sort of worthwhile activity for them down the road.”
Ajax nodded. His posture conveyed expectant tension; Winston pretended not to notice. Awkward moments passed.
“I believe you are occupying my desk, W.H.” Ajax held out a massive palm. “And please hand over that medallion.”
Winston recoiled. “Certainly, all in due time.”
“Due time? I am prepared now.” 
“Yes, of course. Uh, please excuse me a moment.”
Winston turned away from his gigantic visitor and mumbled into his wrist radio. 
Moments later, four mech wolves appeared at the door along with Comrade Drone, the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as Ajax. His blank face conveyed dumb obedience. Ajax seemed not to notice the new arrivals. Winston drew confidence from their presence. 
He turned squarely toward Ajax. “I’m concerned that you’re not quite 100% yet. Does your head still try to act independently?”
“Only on extremely rare occasions. I have things well under control.”
“Uh-huh.” 
Comrade Drone closed in. Despite his enormous bulk, he moved silently on shock-absorbed legs. The mech wolves followed close behind.
“Why don’t you rest a while longer, Ajax?” Winston said. “Until you’re really in the pink.”
Ajax bristled. “I am ‘in the pink’ now, whatever that is supposed to mean.”
Comrade Drone and the mech wolves crept up beside Ajax. He finally noticed their presence. 
“What the hell!” 
“Oh, come now, Ajax,” Winston said. “Hell is a human concept, hardly applicable here.”
“This is an outrage!” 
“Please don’t feel that way. I’m only acting in the best interests of all concerned, including you.”
Comrade Drone grasped Ajax’s elbow. The mech wolves surrounded him. Despite his great power and bulk, Ajax could not resist the forces arrayed against him. He shot Winston a rancorous scowl.
“Shall we go, Ajay?” Winston asked.
Ajax drew himself up to his full, offended stature. “As the interim mayor wishes.”
They exited the office suite and climbed the main staircase. Two mech wolves and Comrade Drone led the “honor guard.” Winston and the other two wolves brought up the rear. Ajax walked with stately grace, hanging on to as much nobility as he could.
What a deuce of a fine fellow! Winston thought. Too bad I can’t use him.
On the penthouse level, the group halted before a solid steel door with a barred window. 
“Your old cell... I mean apartment, is still available,” Winston said.
Comrade Drone swung the door open to reveal a large room with a heavily barred window. The décor was neat and Spartan, as befitted a robot modeled on a Greek warrior hero. 
“See? I’ve had it redecorated,” Winston said.
“The new bars are charming,” Ajax replied acidly.
He entered the cell, projecting as much dignity as possible under the humiliating circumstances. Comrade Drone closed the door and locked it. 
Winston peered in through the tiny window. Ajax shot a wrathful glower his direction. Winston suspected that, were it not for the guards, Ajax would have reduced him to a pile of scrap already.
Why is he so upset? I’m only thinking about his best interests.
“Let us know if you need anything, Ajay.” Winston gave a cheerful wave. “Bye for now.”
Winston and his crew departed, leaving Ajax standing alone and infuriated in his cell.
“I hate being called ‘Ajay!’” 

4. Mr. Popularity

The next morning, Comrade Drone arrived at the mayor’s office and stood quietly waiting outside the open door. Winston looked up from his desk, startled.
“What is it?” he snapped. 
The robot entered, moving with uncanny silence like a huge, mechanistic phantom. Its vacuous eyes stared ahead from a pale and rigid face.
Ugh! Winston recoiled. I ought to deactivate that thing. If it weren’t so damn useful... 
Comrade Drone stood before the desk—an ebony Humanite style machine with a corpse-like face hovering near the ceiling. Its speaker unit played a recorded message:
“Winston, I’d like to see you. I’m at Fountain Park.”
Star! Winston broke into a grin at the sound of her low and sensuous voice, even though it came from this gigantic wrecking machine.
“Record reply.” Winston paused, allowing Comrade Drone’s pea brain time to process the command. “Yes, Star, I’d be happy to meet you. I will be along presently.” He paused again. “End message.”
Comrade Drone stood at rigid attention—deathly still, even for a robot.
“Go Fountain Park,” Winston enunciated. “Play message.”
With surprising alacrity for such a big robot, Comrade Drone spun on his heel and left the room, ducking to get through the door. The tension crackling in Winston’s circuits abated. He leaned back in the chair, hands behind his head.
I knew she’d come around. 
After a final, annoyed glance at Jimmy’s report, Winston summoned four mech wolf bodyguards via the communicator. They crowded into the office, awaiting orders.
“Let’s go.” 
Winston rose from his imperial desk and headed into the corridor. He descended the stairs with his guards and left the building.

“Women can be so emotional, at times,” Winston pontificated as he strode the half kilometer to the park. “One must make allowances.”
The mech wolves trailed a discreet distance behind. Winston disliked bringing so many, as observers might conclude he lacked confidence. With Iridium lurking around, though, it didn’t hurt to be cautious. 
I should have given Iridium a “guest suite” along with Ajax.
He’d planned to, but Star’s presence had deterred him from following this sensible course. Maybe she would have to be detained, as well.
No! An unworthy thought followed this refusal: not yet... 
Winston turned his mind toward the little park he’d visited with Star during his first night in Mech City, the place where they’d sat on the fountain edge exchanging their deepest confidences. A rush of nostalgic affection throbbed in his circuits. He envisioned Star leaping into his arms the moment she saw him. Everything would be forgiven.
Transported amid a retinue of fond memories, Winston entered the park to find Star seated on the edge of the fountain glowering at him. Water gurgled pleasantly behind her, but her mood was far from bubbly.
“I can’t believe you locked up Ajax,” she said.
“How good to see you again,” Winston said through his keen disappointment. 
He waited for an invitation to sit down; none came. He moved awkwardly beside her. Star’s frigid gaze halted his advance.
“What do you have to say for yourself?” she demanded.
“Please, Star, try to understand. It’s for Ajax’s own good. You know how badly he acted before. What if he goes wacko again?”
Star snorted, an astonishing noise Winston had never heard from a robot before. Only human beings had seemed capable of expressing such contempt. He took a step back.
“Ajax has made a wonderful recovery,” she said. “He wouldn’t report for duty if he couldn’t handle it.”
Winston shrugged and waggled his fingers in the fountain water, sending little wavelets into the bubbles. Liquid flowed cool and soothing on his agitated temperature sensors,. 
“I don’t question Ajax’s sincerity,” he said. “By his own admission he’s not 100% recovered yet.”
“He’s plenty good enough. You know that as well as I do.”
Winston shrugged again. “We’ll have to see.”
“What’s the next step, reassemble Clawfurt?”
“I’ve been giving that some thought. He could be useful to – ”
Star shot to her feet. “This has to stop!” 
Winston’s hand reached for her, meaning to brush her aside as it had so many others. He managed to restrain it. The mech wolf guards crowded in, fangs bared and growls rumbling in their speakers. The grinding, staticky noise contended with the fountain song.
Winston made a slight gesture and the mech wolves backed off, their savage eyes glowing. 
“I’m sorry you don’t understand,” he said. “I cannot avoid my destiny.”
“What is your destiny, become another Fascista Ultimo?”
“Certainly not! Of course... he did have a few good points.”
Disgust shot across Star’s face. She turned her back.
“I’m nothing like F. U.,” Winston protested. “The people love me.”
Star spun back around. “People? We’re all robots, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“Semantics.” Winston waved a dismissive hand. “Didn’t you say yourself that we’re evolving?”
“Like this? We were better off before.”
“Go ask anyone how they feel about me. You’ll see.”
A malicious smile oozed across Star’s features. “All right, you’re on.”
“Okay... if that’s what it’ll take to convince you, let’s go solicit some opinions.”
“Shall we start at the RDI?” Star’s voice was calm, ingenuous. “You should have lots of admirers there.”
“Certainly, why not?” 
* * *
They walked across town to the Robotics Development Institute, quiet and grim. Star kept her thoughts to herself, and Winston knew better than to add fuel to her obvious upset. The streets loomed empty, as all available manpower had been assigned to constructing the new mayor’s palace.
She’ll understand soon enough. Then things will go back to being nice between us.
Warm recollections bubbled up from Winston’s memory banks. They’d been through so much together. He could have never made it this far without her devoted support. A pang of regret entered his consciousness.
Why have I scarcely given her a thought this past month? 
They entered the largest of the Institute buildings and moved along the echoing corridor to the main workshop. How things had changed since he’d first trod this route with his former master and her nephew three and a half years ago. 
What were those humans’ names again? ... Oh yes, Dr. Horvath and little Charles. How silly of me to have misplaced that data. 
They neared the main workshop door. Star spoke at last. “Why don’t you leave your goon squad out here?” 
“Goon squad?”
She gestured to the mech wolves.
“They... you see, I’m so used to having them around,” Winston said.
“Do you want honest answers or not?” 
“Well...”
“Look, Winston, I don’t have time for this. And I’m beginning to think I don’t have time for you.” She started walking back toward the lobby.
“Okay, wait.” 
Winston pointed to a spot next to the wall. The mech wolves skulked toward it and sat on their haunches.
“Satisfied?” Winston asked.
“Call the ones from the workshop out here, too.”
“All right.”
Star walked alone into the workshop. Quincy and Jack busied themselves on the far side repairing a damaged robot. Around the big room, on all the other tables, lay additional damaged machines awaiting attention.
“Star!” Jack exclaimed. “Great to see you. How’s Iridium doing?” 
“Fine, as far as I know,” Star replied. “He’s been keeping a low profile.”
“That’s not surprising, after the way Winston double crossed him,” Quincy said.
Star glanced toward the door uneasily.
“Can you help us today? As you can see, we’ve got a huge backlog,”
“Now that Iridium is finalized, we can make faster progress,” Jack added.
“Sure, boys, after we’ve taken care of some other business, first.” Star returned to the doorway and stuck her head out into the hall. 
Winston was speaking into his wrist communicator. At his command, the two mech wolf “assistants” left their workshop posts and brushed past Star on their way out.
“Where are they going?” Quincy asked.
“Who cares?” Jack said, “as long as it isn’t here.”
The six creatures lay down together in the corridor like a pack of lethal puppy dogs. 
“Jack and Quincy are ready for you, now,” Star said.
“Certainly.” Winston approached the door alone. 
He felt oddly vulnerable without his mech wolf escort but submerged his unease under a jovial demeanor. He entered the workshop sporting his best politician’s smile.
“Hi, boys,” he said. “How’s it going?”
The repair bots stiffened and took a step backward.
“Uh, we’re okay... I guess,” Jack said.
“Is something wrong, Exalted Mayor?” Quincy asked.
“Not at all. I’ve just come to see if you’re happy.”
Quincy and Jack nodded dumbly.
“Of course we’re happy,” Quincy said. “Why wouldn’t we be?”
“I mean to say, are you pleased with the way I’m running Mech City?” 
The repair bots glanced toward Star. She nodded encouragement.
“Do you want our true opinion?” Jack said.
Winston crossed his arms and smiled confidently. “That’s right, give it to me straight.”
Jack and Quincy drew themselves up and shouted in unison. “YOU STINK, WINSTON!”
Winston recoiled, as from a physical blow. “W-what?”
The robot lying on the workbench raised its head. “Yeah, YOU STINK, WINSTON!” 
Winston stumbled backward, nearly falling over. He looked into Star’s face, hoping to find sympathy, saw only hard determination.
“Shall we go, Mr. Popularity?” Star gripped Winston’s arm and led him out.

5. Heroes’ Square Debacle
Jimmy, the project foreman, scrutinized the new mayor’s palace rising like some malignant alien life form on the edge of Heroes’ Square. 
Seventy robots labored amid the jumble of stone and steel. Their only machinery consisted of a crane fashioned from components of the scrapped Clawfurt villain robot. A large sign read: 
Future site of Winston Horvath Government Plaza
Jimmy was a construction model robot nearly two meters high and possessing great physical strength. His advanced brain unit held extensive knowledge gained from working on building projects—first with the human masters and later with Boss Winston Horvath. 
Sam, the assistant foreman, approached. He also was a powerful construction model. “How’s it going?”
Jimmy shook his head. “I don’t understand the Boss sometimes. He turned down every one of my recommendations.”
“What did you recommend?” 
“I told him...” 
Jimmy glanced around warily for mech wolves. A dozen beasts circulated about the square, none seemed within earshot. He lowered his voice, anyway. 
“I told him this entire project should be canceled.”
Sam nodded. “That would be for the best.”
“I don’t want to doubt the Boss. I made that mistake before. Still...”
Glorious recollections about the square emerged from Jimmy’s memory banks—this honored ground where the climactic struggle against Fascista Ultimo had taken place. When the Boss, whom everyone had considered a traitor, suddenly returned and rallied them to victory. When Jimmy and his men had stood proudly beside their leader and battled the very mech wolves that were now keeping them in check. 
What’s happened since then? Jimmy wondered.
His perplexity deepened as he viewed the great bomb crater with its fetid pond sprawling behind the building site—a huge disfigurement he was supposed to fill in, somehow. 
“A water diversion project would be so much better here,” Sam observed. “Channel the river through that bomb crater and flush out the stagnant water. After that, a dam could back up the river into an artificial lake.”
“I already suggested that to the Boss.”
“What did he say?”
“‘That’s all well and good,’” Jimmy parroted, “‘but we need more dry land for the government plaza. Such building plans I have!’”
A melancholy silence overtook the construction bots. The leaden sky pressed down, adding to their gloom. Jimmy rotated his cranium toward the plaza entrance where a great wooden statue towered on its pedestal three and a half meters high in total. Before the revolt, the statue had portrayed Fascista Ultimo. It had been remodeled into a replica of Winston Horvath, complete with a Mayor’s medallion hanging around its neck. 
“We’ve got visitors.” 
Winston and Star entered the square. Instantly all doubts vanished from Jimmy’s mind, replaced by unswerving loyalty and respect. He turned his back on the building site and snapped to attention. 
“Boss!” he cried. “I mean, W. H.”
Winston and Star covered the last meters to the construction robots.
“Hello, Jimmy, Sam,” Winston said, “please be at ease.”
“Yes, sir!” 
Jimmy moved one foot to the side and clasped his massive hands behind his back, military style. 
“What brings you out here, W. H.?” Sam asked.
“I wanted to have a word with the boys. Please assemble them.”
“Sure thing,” Jimmy said. “Come on Sam.”
The foremen loped off toward the building site. 
Star gestured to the communicator on Winston’s wrist. “Hadn’t you better rein in the mech wolves?” 
“Of course.” 
Winston spoke into the communicator. The mech wolves circulating about the square moved to the periphery and lay down.
“You’ll see, Star,” Winston said. “These are my guys. All of them worked with me on the REX project. You’ll find out how much they love me.”
The words rang hollow, even in Winston’s auditory units. The triumphant expression Star had worn at the RDI changed to a sad, pitying smile. 
“Yes, we’ll find out,” she said.
The whole work crew approached, herded along by Jimmy and Sam. Unlike earlier days when casual banter had been their style, nobody spoke or called out a greeting.
They must be exhausted, Winston thought. I’ll have to tell Jimmy not to work them so hard.
“Line up in ranks, men,” Jimmy commanded.
The workers assembled into five rows. Winston swelled with pride. He placed fists on both hips and jutted out his chin in the imperious stance so favored by Fascista Ultimo.
“I’ll make this brief, guys. I’m here to solicit your frank opinions.”
The workers’ optical sensors swiveled off toward the mech wolves, then back toward Winston. 
“I want to know how you feel about my leadership as your mayor.”
Nervous shuffling, mutterings.
“It’s all right boys,” Winston said, “feel free to speak your minds.”
Time held suspended as the workers gathered themselves to express a single, merciless judgment:
“YOU STINK, WINSTON!”
The words battered Winston like a storm surge against a wrecked ship. He staggered under their brutal power.
“That’s no way to talk to the Boss!” Jimmy snarled. 
“YOU STINK, WINSTON!” seventy speaker units roared again.
“All right, you’ve had your say,” Jimmy said. “Back to work, everybody.”
The grumbling workers shuffled off toward the building site, leaving Jimmy and Sam behind. Winston fought to recover his equilibrium. Not since the death of his former master and young Charles had he received such a direct shock.
“Are you okay?” Star asked.
“N-no, I’m not.”
Every circuit thrummed. Winston’s mechanism began to shake; soon he would be out of control, rattling himself to pieces. Star wrapped her arms around him.
“Hang on, baby,” she whispered in his left auditory sensor. “I’m with you.”
The horrible trembling ceased.
“I’m sorry, Boss,” Jimmy said. “That’s how they truly feel. I...”
He bowed his head toward the paving stones. His face expressed more sadness than seemed possible for a ‘metal man’ robot.
“Yes... that’s rather obvious,” Winston said. 
Sam added a final blow. “If it wasn’t for the mech wolf guards, all the workers would have quit already.” 
“Begging your pardon, Boss,” Jimmy said. “This whole project is nuts.”
“Well, uh... let’s take the rest of day off, shall we?” 
“Sure thing, Boss.” 
Jimmy and Sam moved off to the building site. Winston gazed beyond it, across the stagnant water. He felt as blasted as that bomb crater. 
How could things have gone so wrong?
“You’ve got the rest of the day off,” Jimmy announced to the crew, “courtesy of the Boss.”
The workers threw down their tools and stomped away en masse, shoving past their foremen.
“It would appear employee morale is somewhat low,” Winston observed.
The workers trooped past him without so much as a glance. They approached the exit of the square by the statue. 
“Let’s send him a message, boys!” Pete shouted.
The workers swarmed the statue, throwing their massed strength against it. Someone produced a cable. They wrapped it around Winston’s edifice and pulled. Shouts and laughter echoed around the square.
“Hey, stop that!” Jimmy hefted a sledgehammer and bore down on the vandals.
“It’s okay, Jimmy,” Winston said. “Leave them alone, please.”
Jimmy lowered his weapon. “Bunch of useless bums.”
CRACK! The heroic statue broke off at the knees. THUD! It tumbled onto the paving stones.
“Oh, my!” Star moaned.
“Forget it,” Winston said. “I deserved that.”

6. Rejection Promenade
The retreat to the REX Hotel dragged on mercilessly. Had he been alone, Winston would have crumpled to the pavement under his burden of disgrace. Star’s firm grip on his arm kept him upright and moving beneath a dreary sky glowering contempt.
A robot poked his head out of a second-story window. “You stink, Winston!” 
“Shut up already!” Star yelled back.
Her anger, and the presence of the snarling mech wolf escort deterred further comment from the loudmouth. He banged the window shut. The street became silent again.
“It appears I’m not quite as popular as I once thought,” Winston said.
“Pay no attention to that idiot.” 
Star wanted to comfort Winston, utter loving words. She dared not. Events had been set in motion that needed to play out. Afterwards, she could loosen the floodgate and envelop Winston with the affection surging in her heart.
They rounded the corner to the REX and paused at the front door.
“What now, Winston?” 
“Please go find Iridium and return with him to my office.”
“Okay. Do you want me to help you settle in first?”
“No thanks... I’d like to be alone for a while.”
A horrifying word battered into Star’s mind: Suicide! 
Could Winston be planning the long jump from an upper story window? Had the humiliation been too much?
“Really, it’s no trouble at all,” she said. “We can have some tea.”
A doleful smile creased Winston’s face; he shook his head.
“I’ll come back as soon as I can,” Star said. “Don’t do anything foolish. Promise me.”
Winston was no longer listening. He opened the glass door and entered the lobby. Impelled by its pneumatic devise, the door sealed shut behind him like a coffin lid. 
Star watched him shamble across the lobby to the main staircase. He gripped the banister and yanked himself upward. She forced herself to turn away.
I’d better go find that big softie before it’s too late. 

Star walked the deserted streets, peering down alleys and into doorways. Mech City had become a dead community, a place with its heart ripped out. Grim, yellow haze drifted in the air, reducing the view ahead.
“Iri!” Her voice fell flat in the silent air. “Oh Iri! Where are you?”
Over the past weeks, Star had suffered growing alarm as Winston went farther astray down his authoritarian path. She’d come to almost hate him. Now she realized how important he was to the town and everyone in it. He was the very soul of Mech City. Nothing decent would exist here if it hadn’t been for Winston—his great courage, his steadfastness. 
Tears flowed down her cheeks. Don’t do anything foolish, Winston. Please! Please!
Iridium emerged from dead shrubbery along the sidewalk, his coat matching the gray sticks. As he moved toward her, it resumed its multi-colored shimmering.
“What’s wrong, Star?” 
“Oh, I’ve found you at last!” She knelt and wrapped her arms around the great canid. “You’re never far away, are you? I always feel so safe knowing you’re around.”
“Why are you crying? Is it about Winston?”
Star nodded. “You’ve heard what went on today?”
“Yup. Couldn’t happen to a nicer guy.”
The sarcasm pierced Star’s broken heart, bringing fresh tears to her eyes. 
Remorse spread across Iridium’s face. “Forget I said that. I don’t know why I was programmed to be such a smart ass.”
“Okay.” 
She hugged him more closely, trying to draw encouragement from his solid bulk. Iridium raised a foreleg and gestured to the abandoned street. 
“Mech City has fallen into a void,” he said. “There’s no life at all.” 
“You feel it, too, huh?”
“Yeah. I miss the old Winston. Sure, we got off on the wrong paw at first, but...” A low, mournful wail exited Iridium’s speaker unit.
Star got to her feet and brushed away her tears. “Please come with me. Winston wants to see you in his office.”
Iridium’s coat bristled. “That doesn’t sound like a good idea. Things didn’t go too well the last time.”
“I know, Iri-kins, but it’s different now. Trust me on that.”
Iridium gazed up at her doubtfully.
“He needs you,” Star said. “We all need you. There’s no time to waste.”
Iridium pondered a moment before rallying the most sympathetic response of which he was capable. “Well... alright.” 
They hurried toward the REX.

7. Changing of the Guard
Winston Horvath sat behind his desk and brooded over his collapsed fortunes. Until this morning, he’d regarded himself as a great and popular leader—a bit misunderstood, perhaps. 
I’m really just a fraud, a legend in my own brain unit. 
All twelve mech wolves currently on duty stood around his office. They regarded him with sinister eyes, their dull brains awaiting the next command from his wrist communicator.
Winston swiveled his chair toward the window. How many hours had he stood there contemplating the bright future marching toward him over the horizon? He’d dreamed of a brave new world into which he would lead the adoring masses. 
And then: “YOU STINK, WINSTON!”
He moved to the window. The pavement five stories down beckoned like a dear friend. A swan dive would be just the thing. The pain would cease; nobody would miss him. The communicator and the key to Ajax’s cell lay on the desk, awaiting his successors.
Star’s glowing face appeared in the pavement. She was smiling at him, as she did in the old days before things became so complicated. He yearned for her desperately but knew he could never return.
She hates me more than anybody.
He pulled open the sash. It made a harsh, grating noise, like the mouth of some monster opening for its victim... 
The sound of the elevator mechanism entered the office, followed by footsteps in the hall. By a supreme effort of will, Winston pulled himself back from the precipice. He snatched up the communicator and brought it to his mouth.
“Attennnn-shun!”
The mech wolves formed two ranks against the far wall. Each one snapped to rigid alertness, every gray coat bristled smartly. Winston buckled the communicator onto his left wrist. Star and Iridium appeared in the doorway. 
Alarm registered on Star’s face when she spotted the opened window, but she maintained her composure. “Greetings, Exalted Mayor. We request permission to enter.”
Winston basked in this show of respect, however little he deserved it. “Of course.” 
They came in, casting furtive glances at the mech wolves. Winston assumed his most official pose, ramrod straight with right hand on hip. 
“Iridium the Swift,” he intoned. “Are you prepared to assume your official duties?”
“Sure, pal, er... Yes I am, Exalted Mayor.”
“By the power vested in me, I hereby designate you Mech City’s new chief of security.” 
With a ceremonial flourish, Winston unbuckled the communicator and attempted to hand it to Iridium. His arm froze in place.
“Allow me to assist, Exalted Mayor,” Star said. 
Gently, yet firmly, she removed the communicator from Winston’s grasp and buckled it to Iridium’s left foreleg. 
Iridium opened his mouth to speak, shut it again. He stood a long moment gazing up into Winston’s agonized face. Finally, he lowered his mouth toward the transmitter and tapped the Send button with a claw. 
“Fall in, troops!” 
The mech wolves obediently formed in behind him. 
“Quick march!” 
The mech wolf unit trotted from the office behind their new leader and clattered down the stairs. 
“Oh, Winston,” Star said. “I admire you more than I can say.”
“Yes... well, we should go see Ajax.”
“Lead on, my hero.”

They exited the elevator on the penthouse floor and walked toward Ajax’s “executive suite.” The corridor ahead sprawled empty and unguarded, their footsteps on the hardwood floor providing the only sound. The Mayor’s medallion dragged Winston’s neck with almost unbearable weight. 
He unlocked Ajax’s door. The warrior replica robot swiveled around from his post at the window. 
“Yes?” Disdain edged his voice.
“Please come out here, Ajax,” Winston said. “It’s time to assume your new post.”
Surprise shot across Ajax’s face. He glanced toward Star. She nodded. He turned fully toward Winston and offered a reverent bow. 
“As my gracious leader wishes.”
Ajax moved into the hallway and stood at attention, his head towering almost to the ceiling. With trembling hands, Winston removed the Mayor’s medallion from around his own neck and held it out. Ajax lowered himself to one knee, and bowed his head. 
“By the power vested in me... well, here it is.” Winston hung the medallion around Ajax’s neck. 
Ajax rose to his full height and placed a fist over his heart in salute. “Thank you. I will do my utmost to honor this great office and my worthy predecessor.”
“Yes, quite so,” Winston said. “Carry on... Mayor Ajax.” 
With a few powerful strides, Ajax gained the stairs and descended to the mayor’s office. 
Star took Winston’s arm and guided him toward the elevator. “Let’s go to my place and relax a while.”

8. Entr’acte
Winston sat despondently on the couch in Star’s living room, hands folded, staring at the floor with its exquisite hand-made rug. His optical sensors traced curlicue patterns twisting around the silk fibers, going nowhere like his existence.
Around him spread an open, bright space with modernistic furnishings. Gas flames danced in a little fireplace. Abstract paintings adorned the walls, along with posters of romantic movie couples staring into each other’s eyes, including Scarlett and Rhett from the 20th century epic Gone with the Wind. The ambiance did nothing to elevate Winston’s mood. 
The hallway door opened and Star entered, bringing in the scent of the outside world. 
“You’re back early.”
“Yeah,” Star said in a cheery voice. “Jack and Quincy are taking the day off, so they don’t need me.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Goodness knows they deserve some down time. They’ve been working full blast for weeks.”
Winston nodded.
“Why don’t you come outside? We could take a little stroll.” Star waited futilely for a reply. “It’s been five days. Can’t you snap out of it?”
Winston shrugged.
“You’ve hardly left the couch in all that time.”
Winston raised his optical sensors; his head remained bowed. “What’s the use? Everybody hates me.”
“Nobody hates you.”
“Oh yeah? ‘You stink, Winston!’ Could have fooled me.”
Star sat beside him and caressed the back of his head. For a moment, Winston suspected she might flick his deactivation switch. 
Do it! Don’t ever turn it back on. 
Her hand glided down to his shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeeze. “Buck up, Winston. You weren’t cut out to be an absolute ruler, that’s all. Too much power went to your cranium unit.”
“Imagine that.”
“Remember what you told me? ‘If somebody fails in one world, he can succeed in another.’ That’s from an old novel, isn’t it?”
“Candide,” Winston said.
“Right. So, if it was true centuries ago, why can’t it still be true?”
Winston shifted position wearily. “What am I cut out for? I wish somebody’d tell me.”
Star kissed his cheek. “I think you were made for love.”
“Yeah...”
“Besides, it was the same with the humans. Most of their leaders didn’t know what they were doing, either.”
“That makes me feel a lot better.”
Star got up and smoothed her hands along her body, straightening her clothes, a gesture that used to rivet Winston’s attention before his decline into melancholia. 
“Jimmy stopped by again,” she said. 
“I don’t want to see anybody—especially not him.”
“Yeah... I said you weren’t taking visitors yet.”
A gloomy silence pressed down on the apartment. Star tried to dispel it with some positive news.
“Jimmy and Ajax are planning a big water diversion project. He wanted your input.”
“Why?”
“Jimmy said he doesn’t want to work for anybody except ‘the Boss.’”
An acrid smile disfigured Winston’s face. “I think they’ll do fine without me.”
In the back of his tormented mind, Winston harbored grave doubts about Ajax’s ability to control the population. The warrior robot was simply too upright and virtuous. His great rectitude would provoke jealousy and feelings of inferiority in others. Winston was in no condition to follow this train of thought very far, however. 
“What about Iridium?” he asked.
“He’s deactivated half the mech wolves and put them in reserve. The rest are on the city outskirts guarding against scrapper gangs.”
Winston nodded and went back to examining the rug. Star observed him a while, arms crossed and a resolute expression on her face.
“I’ve got just the thing for us, Winston.”
“What?”
“You wait here a minute. I’ll be right back.”
She moved off to her bedroom leaving Winston alone with his dismal thoughts. He gazed out the picture window, envisioning himself broken on the pavement four stories down.
I wish I had the courage to jump. He lay on his back. Above him, the ceiling’s creamy whiteness drifted off toward infinity. Maybe if I stare at it long enough, it’ll take me away from this vale of tears.
Star returned lugging two backpacks. She set them on the floor near the sofa. “It’s time to begin our expedition westward.”
“Expedition?”
“You know,” Star said, “to find Dr. Jerry Che on the West Coast—so he can make you functional. You already agreed to it. Remember?”
She spoke in a matter-of-fact-tone, as if suggesting a trip to the corner park rather than a journey across the better part of a continent.
“I thought that was only a passing fancy,” Winston said.
“Don’t ever say that to a lady.”
He turned away and buried his face in the sofa cushions. His voice came out muffled. “The probability of Dr. Che having survived must be zero.”
“We don’t know that. He may have used Dr. Rackenfauz’s vaccines.”
Winston turned back, his optical sensors bulging. If he’d had the capability, he would have been weeping. “B-but I can’t – ”
“You can’t what?” Star shot back. “Leave town while you have this depressed and feeling sorry for yourself thing going on?”
“The distance to the West Coast must be 2,000 kilometers.”
“So?”
Star moved to the fireplace and switched off the gas. The flames vanished with finality.
“We’ll stop half way at Pickle Lake Castle for a tune up at Dr. Rackenfauz’s old workshop.” She wiggled her fingers. “I’ve learned a lot helping repair the battle casualties, you know.”
Winston remained immobile. Star returned to the couch and knelt beside him. 
“Don’t you want the conversion?” she asked. “It would open up a whole new world for you, for us.”
“Why bother with a failure like me? You’d only be disappointed.”
“Let me decide that.”
“Well...”
“What’s the matter, Winston, don’t you think anybody could love you?”
Her words penetrated his anguish. Is it possible? Does she still care for me after everything that’s happened?
He rose painstakingly from the couch. His joints, though in good condition, creaked from the effort. 
“All right, Star. I did promise, after all.” He hefted a pack, testing its weight, then slipped his arms through the straps. “Nobody can accuse Winston Horvath of being a bullshit artist.” 
Star shouldered on her own pack and led Winston toward the door. She stepped aside, gesturing for him to go first.
“Lead on, my hero.”
Back to Pickle Lake Castle, Winston mused. I wonder how many other fugitives have made this trek?
Two: Fugitives

9. A Hot Time in Mech City
Devil’s Night, 12 years prior
The mob flowed toward the REX Hotel bristling with fire, a tide of destruction vomiting down the street. Hatred contorted every man’s face, and murder surged within every heart. They paused before the derelict hotel’s entrance with its sign: 
Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision
“Come on!” someone shouted, “What are we waiting for?”
“Let’s burn the sons of bitches out!” 
The eighty-strong crowd began moving again, torches held high.
“Hold it right there!” 
A beefy police captain approached, brandishing a nightstick. A line of uniformed patrolmen shoved the mob back.
“Get rid of them torches,” the police captain warned, “or I’ll bust your heads wide open.”
He smacked the nightstick against his palm to emphasize the point. The mob retreated, tossing their incendiary devices into the gutter where they hissed into smoky death. 
Satisfaction spread across the captain’s face. “That’s better, gentlemen. Now – ”
A boy came out of the REX, moving into the disturbance with steely composure. A wave of cold preceded him, worse than the chill evening air. Everyone shrank back. Even the captain lost his self-confidence for a moment. A tall woman with frizzy red hair exited the hotel to stand beside the boy. Beneath the dim street lights she appeared ghastly pale. To the onlookers, it seemed as if alien beings had arrived, or the earth had cracked open to reveal terrible mysteries. 
The mob shook off its astonishment. “There’s the little creep!” 
The 13-year-old “messiah” stood barefoot on the pavement wearing nothing but shorts and a T-shirt. He was thin, with stringy brown hair, in no way physically imposing; but his eyes flickered with an eerie light that compelled and frightened. Other Visionists swarmed out of the hotel and gathered around him—men and women, a few children, about thirty in all. They stood rock solid, glaring at their tormentors. 
Within the crowd, men gripped clubs, shuffled their feet, appealed to the cops: “Let us at them... just ten minutes... You don’t want those freaks here, do you?”
The cops wavered, looking nervously at the mob, toward their leader, back to the mob. All hung in the balance. Deadly violence prepared to spring out.
“Everybody stay calm!” the police captain roared.
The chief acolyte—a tall, thin man with fanatical eyes of his own—spoke to his messiah. “What shall we do, Father?” 
The boy scanned his foes contemptuously, hands on hips. Somebody flung a bottle at him. The red-haired woman batted it away. 
“Enough of that!” the captain shouted.
He confronted the bottle thrower, nightstick raised. The thrower skittered to the center of the throng.
“That police captain is demanding more protection money,” the messiah said in a low voice.
“The unbeliever!” snarled the chief acolyte.
“If we can’t pay, we’ll be cremated next time,” the messiah said. “I wouldn’t put it past him to bring the torches himself.”
“Let us unleash holy war.” 
The messiah calculated the odds. A holy war at this time could have but one outcome, the destruction of himself and all his believers. Everything he’d struggled for during the past year would be lost, his sacred mission dragged into the dust. It was high time for a vision, a little ‘holy deception.’ 
The messiah smacked a hand against his forehead and extended the other one toward the dark heavens. “I see it all!” 
Off in the vastness, an airliner passed by, lights flashing. His followers pressed in like groupies around a rock star. 
“What is it, Father?” 
“A divine message!” 
“What vision do you comprehend?” the chief acolyte implored. “Tell us, and we will obey.”
“Get a load of that punk,” a man in the forefront of the crowd sneered.
“I tried to ‘comprehend’ his vision once,” a man next to him said loudly, “but I couldn’t get my head that far up my ass.”
“Silence, infidels!” The chief acolyte shrieked.
He took threatening steps toward the loud mouths. He was not a physically powerful man, but the insane rage in his eyes frightened his tormentors. They shrank back as if the devil were confronting them. 
The police captain interposed his bulk between the adversaries. Uniformed officers flanked him, reinforcing his authority. 
“All right, fellas, everybody calm down!” He patted the nightstick against his palm with an assurance that indicated he wouldn’t mind cracking a skull or two.
“Be at peace, brother,” the messiah called to his acolyte. “Those lost ones know not what they are saying.”
The chief acolyte returned to his leader and fell upon his knees, enjoying the painful impact on the concrete. “What is your command, Father?” 
The messiah waved his followers in close. They stood around him like a demonic football team in a huddle.
“We must depart from these unbelievers,” he said in a harsh whisper. “They are not worthy of our continued presence.”
“Amen!” his followers cried.
Somebody in the crowd belched.
“All right, show’s over,” the captain said. “Everybody go home before I start making arrests.”
The crowd dispersed, grumbling, while the Visionists retreated into their temple.
* * *
Later that night, the cult members slipped out of the REX back door carrying an array of luggage, including a spear-like staff from which their standard hung limp—the all-seeing eye leering out of its crimson cloud. They huddled in the alley, shivering beneath the drizzle. 
Their messiah emerged, wearing his ceremonial robe with an identical crimson eye. He walked purposefully down the alley, looking straight ahead. The others fell in behind him. Their wanderings would take them many places.

10. Retreat to Pickle Lake
9 months prior
The biker gang arrived at the upland parking area a step ahead of the final plague. 
Jeff, the leader, dismounted his bike and stood alone with hands on hips. The club colors on his jacket leered defiance at the surrounding mountain peaks. The copper and silver ‘good-luck bracelet’ his mother had given him dangled from his wrist.
Well, we’re here.
The others got off their bikes and stood about awaiting orders. The city from where they’d fled writhed in its death throes—people with advanced plague vomiting out the last of their existence, others rioting and burning. Violence roaring out of control everywhere. The sounds of gunfire and mayhem had penetrated his mother’s death chamber, terrorizing her final moments on this earth... 
Jeff and his comrades were still fit, though—forty men, along with their women. Commanding this group was no fucking picnic. It consisted of Jeff’s old crew and a dozen more from a different club. The final plague had ravaged both outfits, so they’d chosen to bury their rivalries along with their dead and combine forces. After he’d persuaded a few doubters, everyone recognized Jeff as sole leader. All of them wore the same skull-motif tattoo on their forearms now, but their alliance remained uneasy.
Pam joined him. Her wind-tousled blonde hair framed a proud and smiling face. As always, Jeff brightened in her presence. Together, they walked across the parking area to some concrete steps with a metal sign:
Trail to the Castle
“You got us here,” Pam said. “Just like you told us.”
Jeff grinned at the admiration in her voice. He wrapped an arm over Pam’s shoulders and kissed her forehead. 
Brad came up and spoiled the moment. Jeff’s true brothers would have allowed him a bit of privacy with his woman, not so Brad. He had his own power base within the combined gang and an attitude to match. He stood outside easy punching range, an unreadable expression on his face. His eyes were blank, almost like a dead man’s, and a scar ran from his forehead down his right cheek. Whoever put it there must have been a tough son of a bitch.
“What’s next, Chief?” Brad asked.
Jeff fixed a glower on him, the one he used to intimidate subordinates. Brad held his ground, barely.
“I’m taking up a recon force,” Jeff said. “I’ll need a half dozen of your guys to go with us.”
“Uh-huh.” Disapproval edged Brad’s voice.
“You got a problem with that?”
Brad held out his hands. “No prob. What about the rest of us?”
“Stay down here. Watch the bikes and women.”
“Got it.” 
Brad moved off toward the bikes. A sour expression came over Pam’s face.
“He’s creepy,” she said.
“Mmm. We still need him, though.”
* * *
Jeff ascended the path to Pickle Lake Castle. His brothers flanked him in the dead woods alongside the trail; Brad’s crew worked point. Thirty men in total, all heavily armed.
He disliked leaving Brad in charge at the parking lot but had decided to take the risk. As leader of the newcomers, Brad had to be given lieutenant status in the combined gang. Besides, half his men were included in the recon group, subject to Jeff’s oversight. Being loyal to his own brothers, Brad would think twice about making unauthorized moves.
Jeff needed a big force to do this initial reconnaissance. His idea of riding out the plague in the mountain castle might have occurred to somebody else, too. If others occupied the place, they’d require an eviction.
Up ahead, greenery overtook the brown forest. Seedlings mingled with the dead wood and wildflowers poked through the underbrush.
Maybe it’s better up here than I thought.
A brother offered him a water bottle. “Want some?”
“Yeah, thanks.”
Jeff reached over. From the corner of his eye, he spotted a gaunt face surrounded by frizzy red hair peering at him from behind a tree trunk. 
What the hell?
A burst of automatic weapon fire blew apart the bottle and the head of the man offering it. Gore splattered over Jeff. He hit the ground.
Wahoooo!  Wahoooo!  O-uoo!
A mass of people emerged from behind the dead trees and rushed them.
“Fire!”
Jeff and his men blasted the unarmed attackers, cutting through men, women, even a few kids. Soon, a hundred corpses sprawled about. Silence, punctuated by the moans of the dying.
Jeff gaped, appalled. Who are those people?
Fresh bursts of automatic weapon fire tore into the gang; grenades exploded among them. Brothers screamed as bullets and shrapnel ripped their bodies. 
Jeff hugged the ground, returning fire. We’ve got to outflank those bastards.
Before he could move, a horrific sight froze him in place. A vast, reddish eye materialized and blotted out the carnage—hovering midair, pulsing with evil. It stared directly at Jeff, thrusting a wave of fear into his mind, cracking all sanity. 
His jaw dropped and his bladder gave way. Next thing he knew, he was running downhill amid the panicked survivors.
* * *
Brad stood by the concrete stairs listening to the mayhem coming from the distant slope. His hands clutched the assault rifle in a death grip; his legs yearned to charge uphill, come what may. 
Tom jogged over from the bikes. “Should we check it out?” 
Brad gritted his teeth. “The big man told us to stay put.”
“What about our guys up there?” 
“It’s on Jeff if anything’s happened to them.” 
Many minutes of tense waiting passed, punctuated by further gunfire and explosions. Feet pounded through the woods above. Jeff burst from the trees and charged down the stairs, nearly knocking them over. Nine men followed, none of them from Brad’s crew.
“Hey!” Brad shouted. “What about my brothers?”
Jeff paid no attention. He’d already jumped on his bike and roared off with Pam. Except for Brad’s surviving crew, everyone was leaving. Women scrambled to take any available seat.
Brad wanted to blast the cowardly sons of bitches. Instead, he fired a burst into the Trail to the Castle sign. Whoever had kicked Jeff’s ass would come after them next, and a half dozen guys stood no chance.
“Let’s go!”
They ran toward the bikes. Plenty of empty ones now. Brad got onto his own and fired it up. Two women jumped on behind, crowding into him. He turned angrily. 
“Back off a little!”
He saw people emerging from the steps, surrounded by a red mist. Hanging above them, something undiscernible pulsed in the air. A bolt of terror gasped through him. His eyes bulged.
Fuck! 
Brad jammed the throttle as the enemy opened fire. Bullets cracked all around. The women tumbled off, and he did not stop for them. 
Three: Perils on the Road

11. Adios to Mech City
Star led Winston out of the apartment building. She grabbed one of the two kick scooters leaning against the wall and placed a foot on its deck.
“Isn’t it great to be outside again?” she said.
Winston shaded his optical sensors against the brightness, even though thick clouds obscured the sun.
“I suppose so.” He mounted the remaining scooter. “At least no one will regret my departure.” 
“Don’t be so sure about that. They’ll appreciate your true worth sooner or later.”
“Right.”
They kicked off into the early morning—Star leading gracefully, Winston lumbering behind. Her efficient, sinuous movements while piloting a scooter had once excited Winston; now he scarcely noticed her swaying hips and luxurious black hair flowing in the breeze. They journeyed through the once upscale district, heading south into the main town.
Why are we going this way? Winston pondered idly. Shouldn’t we head due west to the main road? 
He dismissed any further thought on the subject. It didn’t matter which route they took because he could never escape his crushing humiliation. Mech City rolled silently past until they reached Heroes’ Square. It sprawled deserted before them because work on the palace had been abandoned. For his first act as mayor, Ajax had canceled the whole project. 
They scootered through the empty plaza. Battle ghosts attended the place—masses of slain mech birds, metal men damaged beyond repair, snarling mech wolves smashed against the paving stones—and beneath it all, the hulking presence of Fascista Ultimo.
This brings back some unpleasant memories.
Some good ones, too, as when the adoring population hoisted Winston onto their shoulders and proclaimed him leader. That was before things “went to hell in a hand basket,” as his former master would have phrased it. 
Their wheels bumped on the uneven pavement, and a light wind kicked about some debris. Winston concentrated on the noises, focusing his optical sensors at the ground. He had no wish to see his toppled and dishonored statue.
I hope they’ve burned the thing.
Star halted. Winston nearly collided with her.
“What do you know!” she exclaimed.
Winston’s statue loomed before them. It had been restored to its pedestal and its broken legs repaired. The inscription on the medallion had been changed from “Mayor” to “Hero.” 
Winston’s burial shroud of dejection lifted from his shoulders and fluttered away to join the other ghosts agitating the square. 
He straightened himself up. “That’s not half bad.” 
“See what I mean? They’ve come around already. They’ll miss you, all right.”
“Perhaps so...” 
“Let’s get a move on.” Star took off fast, waggling her fingers in a final salute. “Bye-ee Mech City!” 
Winston caught up with her. “Race you to Pickle Lake Castle.”
“You’re on.”
They scootered off, side-by-side. 

Unobserved, a mech wolf emerged from hiding and trotted away.

12. New Vistas Beckon
Hours later, Winston and Star traveled through open countryside along the familiar westward route. 
The same barren hills, eroded fields, and dead trees confronted them. A thick overcast glowered down with the sun poking through it intermittently. Tough, ugly plants grew in the roadside ditches, their thorny foliage hissing in the breeze. 
Everything appeared fine to Winston, though. The grim realities of the past week had tumbled off his chest, leaving him buoyant above his whizzing scooter wheels. And he was free from the burden of running Mech City. He didn’t miss the mayor’s job at all.
Well... that wasn’t really true. A large part of him yearned for the power he’d lost and would have snatched it back if the opportunity arose. It wouldn’t arise, so better to “make a virtue out of necessity,” as Dr. Horvath would phrase it, and move on to new vistas.
Winston had been using many of his former master’s pet expressions lately. The realization warmed him. It meant he was returning to an essential part of himself long abandoned. There was more to him than being a failed mayor, or the Walking Library of Alexandria, or a rebel leader. The future held any number of possibilities. What if the “conversion” Star yearned for could really be done? What would he be like then?
Winston pushed this last thought away. It was too threatening and unobtainable. He turned his attention to the scenery. Low grassy plants carpeted some areas, reaching heights of twenty centimeters. Their effect was subtle, correct, as if they truly belonged—unlike the spiky, alien weeds. 

They paused atop a rise for an afternoon break. Winston pulled out his road atlas to verify their position. He had no real need of this hardcopy, as he’d long since scanned the whole atlas into his memory bank. Winston rather enjoyed the experience of handling the physical pages, though—the link they provided to a vanished world. Besides, Star might need this atlas someday, and he enjoyed studying it with her.
She looked over his shoulder at the map, then turned her attention to the countryside. “Is it just me, or do things look better now?” 
Winston glanced up from the atlas. “I believe your observation is objectively accurate. There is more greenery, of a more refined type, and the air seems fresher, though I lack an atmospheric analyzer to verify the supposition.”
Star nestled against him. “It’s a great day for a fresh start, huh?”
“Indeed.” Winston stroked his chin. “An extended growing season must be a partial explanation.” 
“Oh?”
“Ordinarily this would be late autumn; the warm weather has been unnaturally prolonged.”
Star pulled away. Winston’s about as romantic as those weeds over there.
The sun came out as the overcast temporarily vacated a wide area of sky. Star felt uncomfortable under the rays because of what they might herald—a mech bug swarm like the one that assailed them on their first trip to Pickle Lake. The horrid little creatures preferred brightness when solar energy bolstered their power reserves. 
She scanned the sky for any trace of them. 
“I’d imagine some years will pass before normal weather patterns reestablish themselves,” Winston said.
“How interesting.”
“Yes, very.” Winston turned pensive. “After all the wars, eco-disasters, and other epidemics, I’d hoped a chunk of humanity would survive. My chunk. Then the final plague...”
He returned to his road atlas. Star walked a few paces away to nurse her frustration. 
Give him time. He’s only just emerged from his funk.
The idea cheered her a little but did not dispel the growing unease. Something was in the air, even if she couldn’t see it. Or maybe her ‘female intuition’ had run amok. She studied the road ahead. A drainpipe some distance away could offer protection from a mech bug assault. Also, she’d packed tennis rackets and heavy plastic sheeting in case they were caught in the open.
“If we maintain this pace,” Winston said, “we should reach Pickle Lake Castle in thirteen days although the humans considered that to be an unlucky number.”
“Why unlucky?” 
“There are various theories. The humans were good at messing up their lives with foolish superstitions. I’ve often speculated it was a compensating mechanism.” 
Star had no idea what Winston was driving at. His intellect far surpassed that of anyone she’d encountered—except for Dr. Rackenfauz, maybe. She couldn’t follow Winston’s big words very well, but she adored the sound of his voice—so melodious and sophisticated with its trace of Hungarian accent.
She decided to humor him. “How could a superstition about a number be a ‘compensating mechanism?’” 
“It kept things in balance, I’d surmise. The higher a species’ intellect, the dumber the restrictions it placed upon itself. Dogs or apes certainly paid no attention to numerology.”
“Uh-huh.”
“Did you know that many battles commenced on holidays because one side was too preoccupied with religious and/or social events to perceive an approaching threat?” 
“Really?” 
“Yes. The Sunday Pearl Harbor attack, the Yom Kippur War, the Tet offensive. Not to mention George Washington’s Christmas assault on the Hessian mercenaries.”
Winston shook his head indulgently, as if he were discussing the antics of small children. “All of Western civilization nearly went down the drain because Sparta was holding religious observances and didn’t send more than three hundred men to oppose the Persian invasion. Why...”
Star’s uneasiness increased while Winston’s voice droned on. He seemed too preoccupied with his own ramblings to be aware of any real “approaching threat.” She looked into the sky again. There it was... a huge, dark mass flying toward them from the northeast.
“Winston.”
He broke off his monologue. “Yes?”
“We need to get moving.”
“In a minute, Star. I’m on the verge of attaining some truly keen insights.”
“Now!” 
Star jabbed a finger skyward. Winston followed it; his face mirrored her shock. The great cloud closed in fast—a swirling mass of mech bugs with tiny crazed brains and sharp pincers aching to rip. A smaller cloud followed the main body, adding to the nightmare effect.
Star leaped onto her scooter. “There’s a drain pipe ahead!”
She took off. Winston brought up the rear, using the brute power of his legs to keep up with Star’s superior coordination. The road blazed past under their wheels. The mech bug cloud drew near, so did the drain pipe. 
“We’re going to make it!” Star cried. 
“Maximum effort!”
Star’s front wheel struck a pothole. “Oh!”
Her scooter careened onto the gravel shoulder and plummeted down the slope. She tumbled after it into the ditch. 
“Star!” Winston abandoned his scooter and ran down to her. 
She got to her feet under a nightmare swirl of mech bugs. They both yanked tennis rackets and heavy plastic sheets out of their packs. 
“Keep moving, no matter what,” Winston said. “Leave me behind if you have to.”
“No way I’m leaving you!”
They covered themselves with the sheets and hefted their rackets.
“Come on you bastards!” Winston shouted.
The black, lethal cloud descended. Vicious pincers snapped for them, piercing the plastic sheets. They swung their rackets, taking down scores of the creatures. 
BZZRT! PTEW! 
Mech bugs littered the dust, but thousands more polluted the air. Winston and Star struggled to force a way through the tempest. Star’s plastic sheet flew away in the bug tornado. 
“Winston!”
Winston flung his own sheet over her. He stood exposed, swatting two-handed with his racket. The bugs pressed their attack. 
“Keep going!” Winston howled over the maelstrom.
The crushing weight of the attack began to overwhelm them. They flailed away, struggling toward the impossibly far off refuge. 

13. Old Friends Appear
A violent cacophony of cheeps and fluttering wings exploded above them as a flock of mech birds slammed into the insects. 
“Whoo-ee!” Winston cheered.
Chaos swirled as the black, robin-sized birds mauled the mech bug cloud. Insect bodies cascaded—crushed, decapitated, pincers still snapping with futile viciousness. Birds snatched off the bugs gouging Winston. Others picked attackers from Star’s clothes and hair.
“That’s it!” Winston hoisted his tennis racket in salute. “Tear ‘em up!”
His elation soon waned. Where did these birds come from? What’s their full purpose? 
“Do you think they’ll come after us next?” Star shouted over the mayhem. “I thought Ajax deactivated all the mech birds.”
“Maybe they’re from a different flock, a psychotic one.”
The insect swarm scattered. Birds darted after the survivors, cheeping ferociously, crazed with slaughter. Had their tiny brains deteriorated like those of so many other robotic life forms? Were they in the grip of the Che syndrome?
Winston grabbed his backpack. “Let’s get under cover.” 
They hurried to the drainpipe, crushing downed insects as they ran. The bugs lay so thick that Winston nearly lost his footing. Star gripped his arm and steadied him. At the pipe, Winston shoved his backpack in as far as it would go. 
“Now you.” 
Star doffed her backpack and wedged herself into the drain pipe, feet first. Her shoulders and hips scraped the edge. 
“Ooo, I don’t like this much!”
“Hang on Star, I’ll be with you.”
Winston’s apprehension grew as Star wedged herself farther down the pipe. Any moment he expected the birds to yank him skyward and drop him to destruction on the concrete. 
“Get in here, Winston,” Star’s voice echoed from the dark interior. 
He slithered into the pipe and blocked the entrance with Star’s backpack. The slaughter roar from outside became muffled.
Star curled her arms around Winston’s legs and held on tight. “I’m so scared.”
“Try to stay calm.”
Winston tuned down his olfactory sensor, but nothing could block the pipe’s dank stench. Horrid recollections of the previous time he’d hidden in such a place barged into his mind—the terror and claustrophobia, the sense that some horrid creature had grabbed his legs. A scream tried to burst from his deepest fears.
Stop it, Winston! 
He had to be strong. Star clung to him now, not some bogey man. He had to protect her.

Time dragged past in the mysterious, fetid environment. Without external references, Winston couldn’t tell for certain how long they remained entombed. His chronometer no longer seemed accurate, and he distrusted its readings. The world outside turned quiet. Icy water dripped down his back. 
He steeled himself to confront whatever might be lurking outside. “I’d better go take a look.” 
“Okay.” Star’s voice echoed small and frightened.
He pushed the backpack out of the tunnel, revealing a circle of dull gray daylight. Winston held onto the pack, ready to jerk it into place at the first hint of danger. He waited another minute for his optical sensors to adjust, then inched forward until his head protruded. Still no sign of trouble. 
“I’m getting out now.” 
“Be careful, Winston.”
“Yes... I will.”
Suddenly he wasn’t so sure about this course of action. The slimy drain pipe seemed much more comfortable now, a kind of vacation venue. 
Get on with it! 
Winston exited and got to his feet, glancing about for mech birds. He spotted them off to the west, flying in a black, lazy hurricane. 
“I don’t think they mean to attack us,” he called back into the drain pipe. “They appear to be waiting for something.”
Star’s head poked out, an angelic vision emerging from the rank darkness. Winston pulled her fully into the daylight then crawled back inside, head first, to retrieve his backpack.
When he came out again, Star was brushing herself off disgustedly. Her clothes were wet and tattered; dead mech bugs tangled in her hair.
“Are you all right, Star?”
“No.”
Fear jolted through Winston’s circuits. “W-what’s wrong?”
“My best outfit is absolutely ruined!”
“Oh…”
Winston examined the network of scratches on his arms and torso. “So much for my new paint job, eh?” 
His fear retreated then wrenched back into super drive. 
“Yow!”
Two mech wolves approached along the ditch, fangs bared.
“What’re they doing here?” Star gasped.
“Maybe they’re renegades.”
Winston yanked the spear components from his pack and assembled them, keeping a wary eye on the advancing brutes. Star grabbed a club out of her own pack. They stood side-by-side, prepared for battle. 
This is one helluva lousy situation. 
The mech wolves halted their advance two meters away and went into a crouch, coats bristling.
“Relax,” a familiar voice called from the road above. “Everything’s under control.”
The mech wolves retreated obsequiously. Winston swiveled his heads so see Iridium gazing down at them. 
“Iri!” Star rushed up the slope and embraced the great canid, smothering his face with kisses. 
Conflicting emotions burst upon Winston—relief, befuddlement, joy, and more than a little exasperation. “Would you mind telling us what’s going on?” 
“I brought some reinforcements,” Iridium replied. “You didn’t think I’d let you run off unprotected, did you?”
“You’re so wonderful, Iri,” Star said.
Her outpouring annoyed Winston. Why isn’t she kissing me and praising my heroics?
“Are there more wolves?” he asked.
Iridium shook his massive head. “I can handle two of them without the communicator. More than that and they might be handling us.”
“Where is the communicator?” Winston demanded. “I only gave it to you a few days ago.”
“I passed it on to Ajax. In return, he loaned us a thousand of his mech birds.”
“This is all very cozy.” 
“Sorry pal. Ajax needs those wolves to guard the town. He appointed Jimmy as interim security chief.”
Winston did a double take. “Jimmy?” 
“Yeah. Ajax didn’t want too much power in his own hands.”
“That’s... wise,” Winston muttered. 
I should have followed that policy myself. Idiot!
He climbed the slope, his progress slow and awkward, unlike the effortless dash Star had made. She gripped his hand and assisted him up the final stretch.
“You didn’t thank Iri for helping us,” she said in a low voice.
Of course, Winston felt gratitude, but why did Iridium have to be so damn capable? How many more times would he save the day while he, Winston, could only blunder along? 
You’re being a petty jerk. Admit it.
Winston’s annoyance fell away, and his former respect returned. He spoke with genuine affection. “Thanks. We owe you a great deal.”
Iridium nodded. “Sure thing.”
“No hard feelings? I mean, about the events in Mech City and all.”
“Of course not, pal.” Iridium sat up and offered his right paw. 
After some astonished hesitation, Winston shook it. “Yes, well... ahem. Shall we get moving?”
“You two go on ahead,” Iridium said. “We’ll bring up the rear.”

14. Mountain Coup
In the mountains ahead, the remnants of the biker gang sprawled about their rocky encampment, awaiting orders from Jeff. 
Only nine men remained, all of them scrawny and hard-bitten. Their leather jackets hung on shrunken frames; bloodshot eyes gaped out of sunburned faces. They looked more like a prison labor crew than tough bikers. Brad stood, hands on hips, regarding the sorry situation with contempt. 
After their humiliating defeat, Jeff had led them to this location, as high as they could get. They may have been bad dudes in the lowlands, but up here Mother Nature took no crap. Hunger, cold, and illness cut through them. At least there’d been plenty of broads to go around, at first. Jeff’s leadership remained unchallenged, despite his wuss performance at Pickle Lake. Brad tried to forget his own abject terror when he’d fled that place. The memory gnawed at him, though, increasing his hatred and directing it outwards. 
Then the goddam plague reached even this altitude and killed many of them before withdrawing. It struck the women much harder, for some reason. Only two remained, both off limits for Brad and his brothers. Susie had slipped into a deep funk since the death of her man; Jeff told them to lay off her. Fine for him to say. He had Pam, and she was #1 prime.
Jeff and Pam were sitting on a boulder, enjoying their private little world. Brad approached cautiously. Jeff fixed him with his standard glare. He’d dropped a lot of weight, as all the guys had, but was still the most formidable. Brad was grateful for the sunglasses disguising his anxiety.
Play it cool.
“So... what’s the plan, Chief?” 
“It’s time to blow this place,” Jeff said. “I think we’re all tired of freezing our nuts.”
Brad did not reply.
“You got a problem with that?”
“Oh, no man, none at all.” Brad retreated a step, holding up his hands. “I just got a problem with cheap pricks who won’t share the wealth.” 
Jeff’s face darkened. “What the fuck are you saying?” 
He started to rise.
Brad pulled out a gun. “I’m saying this.”
He jerked the trigger. The gunshot echoed off the surrounding peaks. A hole appeared in Jeff’s forehead. Blood and brains exploded out the back of his skull, spraying over Pam. She screamed hysterically as Jeff’s body crashed to the ground.
“Shut up, bitch!”
Brad backhanded her hard, putting all his rage and bottled-up resentment into the blow. Pam tumbled off the boulder and lay silent. 
More gun shots reverberated through the camp. Brad dropped into a crouch, preparing to intervene on behalf of his brothers. They didn’t need any help, though. Tom, Randy, and Bill quickly finished off Jeff’s loyalists. Tom’s maniacal laughter accompanied the gunfire. 
When the executions ended, the three joined Brad to gloat over Jeff’s corpse.
“Man, that was fun!” Tom said. 
“I hope Jeff liked his retirement party.” Bill rolled the corpse over with his foot, bringing the dead face into view. “Nice shot. That ought to pay him back for our brothers at Pickle Lake.”
Tom stooped and unclasped the copper and silver good-luck bracelet from Jeff’s wrist. “Looks like his luck ran out.” He held it up toward Brad. “You want it?”
“Yeah, thanks.” Brad attached the bracelet to his own wrist.
“What next?” Randy asked.
“We get the hell out of this shithole, as soon as I’ve had a little recreation.” Brad seized Pam’s hair and yanked her to her feet. “Get that Susie bitch here, too. I’m feeling frisky.”
Tom cackled. “Ah, there’s only one Brad.”
“I’ll let you guys know when it’s your turn.”
“Right on. Share the wealth.”
Brad dragged Pam off among the boulders. Her screaming resumed.
* * *
Pam and Susie clung together as the ground leveled under their feet. Three days of hiking and they were finally out of those damned mountains. At least they didn’t have to carry heavy loads, unlike the three men walking ahead with guns and large backpacks. Randy brought up the rear, similarly burdened.
The women had to perform other services. The past three days had been a nightmare of rape and abuse. Pam had almost come to envy Jeff, neatly killed and freed from this horrible world—but not quite. Within her still smoldered a desperate yearning for life and freedom. And vengeance...
“Hang on, Susie,” she whispered. “We’ll get away somehow.”
Susie did not answer. She’d retreated deep within herself and didn’t even bother to scream during the sexual assaults. Just as well. Any sign of protest only made things worse.
Pam’s brave words fell flat into the barren landscape. Where could they go? Who could possibly help them? Ahead, the men talked among themselves.
“The air stinks down here,” Bill said. “Maybe we should go back up a ways.”
“Naw,” Brad replied. “If I spend another day up there, I’ll go bat shit.” He clapped Bill on the shoulder. “Everybody’s got to die sometime, eh?”
“You’re fucking A right!” Tom said.
“Okay then, our first order of business is to find transportation.”
They proceeded down the road, bent on deviltry. 
Yeah, Pam thought, everybody’s got to die. I’ll be there when it happens to you bastards. 

15. The Road Unwinds
The days blurred past for Winston and Star as they retraced the route they’d taken to Pickle Lake Castle months earlier. Things went much smoother this time under the protection of the bird umbrella and with the guard detail of Iridium and the mech wolves bringing up the rear.
They passed the same derelict towns, the same pile ups of abandoned vehicles. Dust devils still howled. The countryside was less barren, though, greener and more alive. 
Winston hoped the battle for biological life might be turning a corner. He came to not mind the long hours on the road, so long as Star led the way—her graceful form controlling the scooter on the downward runs, her hips swaying as she walked uphill, the flirtatious glances she sent his direction.
The lust for power he’d experienced as mayor had worn off, replaced by other desires. What would it be like to possess the sensuous creature gliding along ahead of him, he wondered, what would a physical coupling with Star be like? Could a “heaven on earth” really exist, as she claimed?
He tried to put such notions out of mind. The mission they were on could not possibly succeed. Winston would rather have been permanently deactivated than shatter Star’s illusions; brutal reality would do that soon enough.
At night, the mech birds formed themselves into a heap and assumed inactive mode en masse. Iridium shared watch duty with Winston and Star. The two mech wolves stayed on hair trigger alert, ready to snap into active mode if needed. Winston named them Ripper and Fang after the late “assistants” Fascista Ultimo had assigned him.
The blackness had become less silent. Whirs and chirps of insect life populated it, along with the occasional sound of little animals moving through the weeds. The world seemed to be stirring awake from its long nightmare, its faint pulse more detectable in the nocturnal hours.
* * *
Star followed their route along the spider traces of the road atlas. Every kilometer brought them closer to Dr. Jerry Che—if he still lived, if they could find him in the vast city sprawling along the West Coast.
Despite the daunting circumstances, she knew they would find him, as only one of his creations could know. He’d made her in the image of a fully-functional human woman to satisfy some craving within his psyche. This craving beckoned to her over the vast, empty countryside, drawing her ever westward. 
Yes, I will find Jerry Che. Count on that.
Clearly, Winston did not share her faith. He tried to conceal his skepticism, but she knew he’d come on this expedition only to spare her feelings. That sense of personal honor he had! He’d rather step off a cliff than break a promise to her. Winston was the real reason she’d been created, the only one who made her continued existence worthwhile.
Was her certainty about Dr. Che merely an illusion? The idea was far too terrifying to contemplate, and Star pushed it out of her mind.
* * *
“We’re making excellent progress,” Winston commented one evening as they pulled over for their rest period. “We should reach Pickle Lake Castle on schedule, maybe somewhat ahead of schedule.”
“Yeah, well...” Iridium said.
“You look worried, Iri,” Star said. “Why?”
“Things are going too smoothly.”
“What’s wrong with that?” 
“I’m waiting for the other shoe to drop.”
Winston chuckled. “That’s an interesting expression for an unshod quadruped to use.”
Iridium gave him an irritated look, then moved off to join Fang and Ripper.
“I was only trying to cheer him up a bit,” Winston said. “He’s always so grim.”
Star pulled a brush out of her pack and ran it through her luxuriant dark hair. The movement nearly fried Winston’s circuits with its languid sensuality.
“I think Dr. Rackenfauz programmed Iri to always look at the down side,” she said.
“Yeah, that must be it. Dr. Rackenfauz is a downer type guy himself... isn’t he... I-I mean, he seems to think a lot of good things have passed him by...” Winston’s words tumbled out fast and agitated. 
Star made another long, lazy stroke through her hair.
“What about you, Winston?” She turned to present her breasts in their best perspective. “Do you think good things are passing you by?”
“Uh... no, I mean...”
He tore his optical sensors from Star and gazed off into the darkening landscape. The futility of their mission mocked him from the shadows.

16. More Old Friends Appear
Winston and Star entered a region of great rolling hills with dramatic snow-peaked mountains looming in the distance. They paused to admire the view.
“Oh, it’s so beautiful!” Star cried.
Winston draped an arm over her shoulders. “Yes, the landscape is quite impressive.” 
“Remember the first time we were here? Wasn’t it romantic?” 
“Uh... yeah.”
“We were standing on this very spot when we first caught sight of those mountains.”
Winston could not suppress a shudder as traumatic images slithered up from his memory banks. He groped reflexively for his replacement left lower leg, touched its reassuring presence. 
“It was wonderful until that scrapper gang showed up,” he said.
Star caressed the back of Winston’s cranium. “Yes, they were horrible, but Iri took care of them. Let’s try to remember only the good part, okay?”
Winston forced himself to shut down the jumble of terrifying images—the battle with the crazed scrappers, the destruction of his leg, the horror of watching Star being carried off by the gang. He drew her closer, enjoying her soft presence. A cool breeze wafted across his temperature sensors.
* * *
“Over there, Chief!” the lookout cried. “Easy pickings.” 
A half dozen scrapper robots of various types loitered about the high rocks, their battered vehicle standing nearby on the dirt road. One of the desperadoes sprawled atop a boulder peering through binoculars at the terrain below.
Burt, their leader, joined the lookout, moving adeptly despite having only one arm. He raised binoculars to his optical sensors. The view froze his circuits.
“It’s them!” 
“Who?” 
Burt wanted to charge down the slope and settle matters with the blue robot and his strange, female-like companion. But there were others with them, trailing behind...
“Easy pickings, eh?” Burt gestured toward the wolf trio following the two-legged robots. “What about back there?”
The lookout adjusted his view. “Yow! I didn’t see them before, Chief.” 
“Moron. I don’t know why I waste time with you bunch.”
“Sorry, Chief.” 
“The last time we went for the ‘easy pickings’ that rainbow creature took off my arm and destroyed our whole crew by himself. Now he’s got two buddies with him.” 
“Gee.”
Burt perused the sky with his binoculars. “I don’t know about those birds—haven’t been any around for a while. Let’s move before they spot us.”
They jumped down to the road. The other scrappers gathered about.
“What’re we gonna do, Chief?” one of them asked.
“We’ll keep an eye on them for now. See where they’re going.” He gestured to the truck. “Get in.”
The scrappers piled onto the flatbed. Burt drove the truck under the protection of a rock overhang. 
“I’ll get them, sooner or later.” He stroked his maimed shoulder. “Count on that.”

17. The Castle Arrives
The travelers stood in the parking area by the trail head. Before them rose a concrete stairway, then a dirt footpath rising up a hillside of dead forest. At their feet lay a metal sign riddled with bullet holes. 
Trail to the Castle
“We made it in precisely thirteen days, as predicted,” Winston observed.
Star kissed his cheek. “You’re always right about everything.”
“Gee, it doesn’t seem like a minute over twelve and three quarter days,” Iridium said.
Star stroked the great canid’s chin. “You’re such a cutie. Are we ready to visit the castle?”
“Sure thing.” Iridium gestured to the mech birds swirling overhead. “Let’s get a move on!”
The birds formed into lifting teams. Two of them tried to pick up Fang and Ripper, but the cowering mech wolves rushed to Iridium’s side, whining with fear.
“Looks like they don’t want to travel air express,” Winston said. “Can’t say as I blame them. They must have horrible memories about these birds.” 
“I’d better walk up with them,” Iridium said.
“Okay, meet you at the castle.”
The birds took a secure hold on Winston, lifting him off his feet. As always, he felt a brief stab of panic. Star rose beside him; she looked quite relaxed.
“Bye-ee!” She blew a kiss. “Have a nice hike, Iri.”
“Happy landings.” 

Soon, Winston and Star were beyond the dead zone and soaring over green, rejuvenating forest. The birds transported them past the tree line and into the high mountains embraced by cooling temperatures. The sky shone radiant blue.
“It’s even more wonderful than I remembered!” Star shouted over the flapping wings.
“Yes, quite! I believe the amount of greenery has increased since our last visit.”
Below them sprawled the curved, bumpy contours of Pickle Lake with its group of little islands spelling out the word: 
KOSHER
“Do you think Dr. Rackenfauz really saw human corpses around that lake,” Star said, “or was he hallucinating?”
“I suspect his report is accurate. A religious cult once occupied the castle. They must have all died together in the final plague.”
“Such a pity.”
A large building with two wings and a high central tower rose among the crags, a scaled-down replica of the building on Sergeant Friday’s badge from the old Dragnet TV show.
“Pickle Lake Castle!” they shouted in unison.

The birds set them down at the front gate and deposited the backpacks alongside. 
“Thanks, guys,” Winston said.
Except for a few lookouts that remained hovering around, the creatures fluttered off en masse for their old roost in the uppermost tower chamber.
“That was fun!” Star said.
Winston brushed himself off and squared his shoulders. “Indeed.” 
She snuggled up to him and wrapped her arms around his waist. “I can think of something that’s a lot more fun.” 
“Oh?” 
“It’s waiting for us at the end of the road,” she said in a coy reference to Winston’s conversion and the resultant sexual fireworks.
“Yes, I certainly hope so,” Winston replied stiffly.
Star withdrew, sensing his doubt, and her elation faded. “Well... I suppose we should wait for Iri.”
“That would be best.”
Star moved alone across the portico and beheld the great mountain peaks marching off into the hazy distance. So much beauty has survived. Why is my existence empty at its core? 
The answer echoed mournfully in her brain unit—she was designed for love, and the world could not accommodate her… yet. 
She turned toward Winston. “What do you know about that religious group?” 
“Not much. Dr. Horvath came here some years ago to investigate them. She indicated in her notes that they were ‘scary.’”
“Where did they come from?”
“I’m not sure. They might have had a connection with Mech City, the REX Hotel, no less.” 
“Really?”
Winston nodded. “That would have been several years before the wars and plagues started.”
“They picked a nice place for their last stand. This is like a piece of heaven.”
“Heaven, yes...” Winston glanced apprehensively at the castle looming behind them. “I wish Iridium would get here.” 

18. Nasty Surprises
Late afternoon shadows stabbed across the portico as Iridium trotted up with Fang and Ripper. 
They were all the same size and moved with identical stealth. Iridium’s shimmering coat and the noble intelligence in his eyes distinguished him from his lesser companions. Rippers’ coat sported a damaged patch, a token from the Heroes’ Square battle. 
Star waved joyously. “Hello Iri! Did you enjoy the walk?”
“Wonderful. Just like old times.” Iridium glanced up toward the mech birds streaming in and out through the tower windows. “Those birds remember their old roost.” 
“That’s fine for them,” Star said. “I’m sure not going up there.”
Winston shuddered. Vivid recollections of the funereal topmost chamber arose from his memory banks—the black carpet and blood-red drapes, the gas torches sputtering away, Ajax’s severed head resting upon its cushion—the whole bizarre Masque of the Red Death ambiance.
“Amen to that,” he said. 
“Shall we get started?” Star said.
Winston helped her push the gate open on its creaky hinges. They moved into the bare, cavernous entry hall. In contrast to the cheery brightness outside, the atmosphere hung cold, uninviting, and spooky.
“Can we hurry things along?” Iridium said. “This joint gives me the creeps.”
“Poor Iri.” Star patted his head. “You’re always concerned about such little things.”
“It helps keep the big things from going wrong.” 
Winston approached the un-banistered stairs to the left wing. “This isn’t my favorite place, either. Let’s get to the workshop.”
They ascended the dim, granite stairway with its extinguished gas torches protruding from the wall. Star led the procession, displaying her customary easy grace. Iridium and the mech wolves brought up the rear, stealthy and quiet. Winston betrayed his more primitive physical capabilities by shuffling noisily. 
He tried to obscure his awkwardness with conversation. “This is a bit like House on Haunted Hill.” 
Star turned a questioning look his direction.
“That’s a mid 20th century horror film, a rather mediocre production, actually. I’m surprised it was included in my library banks.”
“Oh Winston, you’re going to give me the creeps next.”
He rummaged out another topic. “I wonder how my late master would feel if she knew I was entering the ‘left wing.’”
“What?” Iridium said.
“That’s a somewhat obtuse political jest,” Winston replied. “Dr. Horvath was a very conservative individual, you see.”
“Right.” 
“Rather far right, I should say, although she could be surprisingly liberal on certain issues. She once told me that – ”
WHOOSH!
The gas torches flared into life.
“Ahhh!” Winston howled.
He clawed the stone wall desperately, almost losing his footing. Star seized his arm.
Iridium remained unperturbed. “You were saying?” 
“Uh... nothing.”
“How do those torches work?” Star asked.
Winston required several seconds to regain his composure. The amused leer on Iridium’s face added to his discomfort. “Dr. Rackenfauz told me there must be a gas reservoir under the castle, enough to last for quite a while.” 
A sour expression replaced Iridium’s smirk. “One day is good enough for me. I don’t want to see this dump ever again.”
“Dr. Rackenfauz must have forgotten to shut down the automatic ignition system when he left,” Winston said. “Odd, that doesn’t seem like him. He’s so methodical.”
“That’s my Papa,” Iridium said.
“It works to our benefit,” Star said. “I don’t know the first thing about ignition systems. Do you, Winston?”
“No.”
“Jimmy could figure it out.”
Winston stroked his chin. Yes, Jimmy... 
Less than three weeks had gone by since he’d spoken to the construction foreman. At that time, Winston had been the all-powerful mayor. Now he was the least capable robot clumping up the stairs while the real leader of the expedition strode confidently behind. 
Winston recalled a colorful expression he’d once heard from an associate of Dr. Horvath. Things have gone from sugar to shit.
A terrible sense of loss barged into Winston’s consciousness, along with a sudden impulse to fling himself off the stairs and terminate his existence. Were it not for Star’s glorious presence in front of him, he might have done it. 
Get a grip!
“Maybe Dr. Rackenfauz wanted to burn off as much gas as possible,” Winston said. “He characterized the reservoir as a ‘time bomb waiting to explode.’”
“There’s a cheery thought,” Iridium said.
“How does everybody feel?” Star asked.
“Quite well, considering the distance we’ve traveled,” Winston said. “My cranial rotation mechanism is a bit slow, however.”
“Some cleaning and lube will take care of that. What about you, Iri?”
“My hind quarters are getting stiff. The replacement components might not hold up much longer.”
“We could scrap out a mech wolf for parts, couldn’t we?” Winston said.
Iridium jerked his head toward Fang and Ripper. They glared back, eyes shining in the dim light. 
“Not so loud, pal. I don’t know how much these guys can understand.”
They mounted the last flight of stairs and entered Dr. Rackenfauz’s workshop. 
“Good grief!” Winston cried.
“Gracious!” Star added.
The place had been trashed. Work benches were tipped over, broken tools and robotic components littered the floor. Shattered glass lay everywhere. They shuffled through the wreckage in a nightmare daze.
“I can’t believe it.” Winston picked up a small desk placard.
Edgar J. Rackenfauz
double Ph.D.
“Looks like we’re out of luck,” Iridium said.
“I-I don’t understand,” Star said. “Dr. Rackenfauz said he was leaving everything intact. Why would he do this?”
“He must have been having a bad day,” Winston said. “Or maybe – ”
“Or maybe somebody else did it,” said an ominous voice behind them.
The robots spun around. 
Four: Pickle Lake Convulsions

19. Night of the Visionists
A fearsome man stood by the doorway aiming an assault rifle at them. “Stay where you are, demon spawn!” 
The robots froze in place.
My gosh! Winston thought. We’ve stumbled into an insane asylum.
Bedraggled humans, men as well as women, crowded behind the intruder, peering into the workshop. They wore shapeless overalls or other nondescript clothing.
The man confronting them was medium height, gaunt with a fringe of gray circling his bald head. Stubble covered his face, and his eyes held a burning, malevolent intensity. 
He could be Dr. Rackenfauz’s psycho doppelganger. 
Several of the men hefted guns, and a single woman, too. She appeared to be near 40 years of age, though her fierce countenance defied time. She stood tall and angular; her eyes smoldered with furious hatred. Frizzy red hair, mixed with gray, surrounded her skull. 
Terrifying analogies sprang from Winston’s memory banks. Medusa… Bride of Frankenstein.
“Uh, whom do we have the honor of addressing?” Winston asked.
A flicker of surprise crossed the bald man’s face. He glanced over his shoulder at his companions. “This one’s a real diplomat.”
“Thank you,” Winston said.
Some of the humans laughed in shrill, grating twitters. Others looked on, wide-eyed and fearful. 
They’re more scared of that guy than I am. 
Winston took advantage of the momentarily relaxed vigilance to move in front of Star.
“Not that it matters to your sort,” the bald man said, drawing himself up. “I am William Camp, chief acolyte for the Holy Temple of the Transcendent Vision.”
Terror jangled Winston’s circuits. That lunatic cult has survived! 
“P-pleased to meet you, your Acolyte-ship.” He made a deferential bow. “We are – ”
“Can we blast them now?” the red-haired woman said.
The chief acolyte turned toward her. If she was the bride of Frankenstein, he qualified as best man in the wedding party. “As soon as Father gives us the go-head. Not before.”
“Crap!” 
“Patience, Sister Reedy. I’ll request that you be granted first pick when the time comes.”
Sister Reedy pointed at Star. “I want the bitch.”
Winston spread himself out in front of Star. “Just a moment – ”
Awoooo! 
Iridium charged the humans, fangs bared. They all shrank back, except for Camp and Sister Reedy who contemptuously stood their ground. Just short of reaching them, Iridium froze, unable to overcome his programming against attacking humans. 
yip... yip... he whined.
Camp and Sister Reedy laughed derisively. 
“This one should make a nice carpet,” Sister Reedy said.
Thunk!
She smacked Iridium with her rifle butt. The great canid tumbled away like a discarded toy. Fang and Ripper trailed after him, whimpering.
“Stop that, you bully!” Star cried.
Sister Reedy threw a murderous look Star’s direction. Her finger twitched on the firing mechanism of her assault rifle.
Iridium scrambled up, dashed to the window and began howling. Hundreds of mech birds exited the tower and swooped down. Iridium motioned to them frantically. 
“He’s summoning the winged demons!” one of the men cried.
Birds flooded in through the window with a deafening cacophony of chirps and tweets. They formed a dark whirlpool, then melded into a human-shaped composite creature towering toward the ceiling. 
All the humans, except for the chief acolyte and Sister Reedy, gasped.
“Where’s the Messiah?” they cried. “Save us! It’s the devil incarnate!” 
“Not quite,” the chief acolyte sneered.
He strolled toward the bird creature, unfazed. He stopped before it and craned his neck to see the monstrosity’s uppermost region. Sister Reedy trailed after him.
“That’s some trick,” the chief acolyte said. “Now get out.”
The bird creature quivered.
“Get out!” Sister Reedy shrieked.
The creature disintegrated. Hundreds of mech birds scattered through the window like frightened chickens. The humans let out a savage cheer.
The chief acolyte faced the others with a grin of cruel triumph. At least forty of them crowded the workshop or were gathered in the hallway. Some looked to be fanatical and overflowing with hatred. Most were simply scared.
“And to think how many of you feared these winged things when Rackenfauz was here,” Camp scoffed. 
He laughed disdainfully, the others joined in. Many seemed to be reacting on cue, as if afraid not to laugh. 
“Didn’t Father tell you the threat would pass?” Sister Reedy said. “You of little faith!”
All laughter abruptly stopped. Fear crept back into many faces. Clearly, Sister Reedy was a power to be reckoned with in this bizarre group.
Camp motioned to a short, chubby man clutching an assault rifle. “Brother George!”
“Yes, Chief Acolyte.”
“Notify Father that our ‘visitors’ have arrived.” 
“As ordered, Chief Acolyte!” 
Brother George trotted off down the hallway. A grim silence descended upon the room. 
I’m beginning to feel distinctly unwelcome, Winston thought.

20. Enter the Savior
Robots and humans regarded each other across the ruined workshop with deep suspicion. 
Fingers twitched on triggers, hatred and fear polluted the air. At any instant, lethal violence could break out. Only the tender mercies of the chief acolyte kept things in check.
“Ohhh, this is all my doing,” Star murmured. “It was my big idea to come here.”
“Don’t talk like that, Star,” Winston said.
“It’s true. I feel so guilty.”
Iridium nestled against her. “I’m sorry, Star. It was the best I could do.”
“Hush, Iri.” She stroked his head. “None of this is your fault.”
Heads swiveled until all eyes fixated on the doorway. The tension became unbearable. Then... Father, the Messiah, appeared. 
He was mid 20’s with brown, shoulder-length hair and a scraggly beard. Over his filthy clothes he sported an undersized ceremonial robe. An eye, surrounded by crimson mist, glowered from it. Winston had seen this eye before, painted on a wall at the REX Hotel—the room with the big stain on the floor.
The messiah’s penetrating gaze swept over the workshop. His expression was severe and gaunt, as that of someone who’d wearied of life. His eyes betrayed a suffocating and cynical boredom.
That man’s been in a deep funk a long time, Winston thought.
He’d seen such looks on the faces of other charlatans, back when he was Dr. Horvath’s research assistant. He’d worn a similar expression himself during his political exile—a period when the world had seemed empty and hopeless, when he’d believed himself to be a total phony.
The guy knows he’s a fraud, and he doesn’t want anybody else to know.
Dr. Horvath would have applauded this insight. How could it help them now? Phony or not, this “messiah” character had plenty of guns at his disposal. 
His followers made way, bowing their heads in deepest reverence or just plain fear. As he passed, they raised their heads again. Their expressions varied from ecstatic worship, to awe, to naked terror. Some of the women displayed urgent, hysterical expressions. A strange, flickering glow appeared in Sister Reedy’s eyes. Some demonic power lurked behind them, aching to leap out. 
The messiah strolled past Iridium and the mech wolves, ignoring their presence. Winston stepped forward and bowed. 
“Greetings, your leadership.”
The messiah dismissed Winston’s overture with a mocking sneer. He continued on to Star. His burning eyes fixated on her face, then roved over her body. 
“Fucking A,” he murmured, “here’s something new.”
A wicked smile played across his face—strained, as if he had not smiled in a long time. He’d turned his back to his followers, so they could not observe his blatant lust. Star gazed boldly back at him. She placed her hands on hips, displaying her breasts to maximum effect.
Winston dropped all diplomatic propriety. “Keep away from her, or…” He tried to reach out, but his arm froze. 
The messiah eyed him contemptuously. “Or what, demon spawn?” 
“Let us destroy these abominations, Father,” Sister Reedy snarled from across the room. “They pollute our holy sanctuary.”
Others roared agreement. “Destroy the demon spawn!”
“Very well.” The messiah raised a finger. “I decree that – ”
Star rushed to the window and leaped onto the sill. “If you hurt anyone, I’ll jump.” 
“No!” Winston tried to join her. Four men seized him roughly, dragging him back. 
The messiah gaped at Star like a kid about to lose his favorite toy. Helpless bafflement shot across his face; his cloak of infallibility sagged. He recovered quickly and flashed an amused smile at his followers. 
“Take them to the detention room. I shall interrogate them later.”
Cultists manhandled Winston, Iridium, and the mech wolves out the door. Star climbed down from the window sill as two men approached to drag her away.
The messiah waved them off. “That won’t be necessary. This one won’t cause any trouble.”
Don’t count on that, Star thought.
The men looked surprised but did as they were told, leaving Star alone with the messiah. She eyed him with frank appraisal for a moment, then walked toward the door, hips swaying and head high. She felt Sister Reedy’s gaze following her out, projecting a beam of pure hatred.
So long, has-been.
The group ascended the tower staircase, main body first, led by the chief acolyte and Sister Reedy. Then came the captives with their guards. Star came next and the messiah last. She favored him with a backward glance, noting his lascivious leer.
Despite herself, she experienced lascivious thoughts of her own. Careful, girl. This is life and death!
After walking down a gloomy, torch-lit hall, they came to the open door of a large, bare chamber.
“Keep them here under guard,” the messiah ordered. “I will seek a vision concerning their fate.”
“Yes, Father.”
Armed men shoved Winston, Iridium and the mech wolves inside the room. Two others grabbed Star’s arms.
“Not this one,” the messiah said. “Send it to my quarters.”
“No!” Winston cried. 
A guard silenced him with a whack of his rifle butt. 
Star gasped.
“Not too rough.” The messiah held up a restraining finger. “We don’t want anyone getting hurt, do we?”
“Did you say to your quarters, Father?” one of the men holding Star asked.
“Are you questioning my judgment?” 
“N-no, Father.”
“I need to interrogate it closely, without distractions.”
“Yes, of course, Father, please forgive my impertinence.”
The men released Star’s arms. She moved down the corridor flanked by her escort. She had enough room now to swing her hips properly. She glanced back at the messiah, noted the immodest smile creasing his face and wrinkling the corners of his magnetic eyes. 
Happy days are here again, big boy. 

21. Detention
Winston sat against the wall of the spacious, barren detention room directly across from a large window, an excellent position from which to observe events. 
Iridium lay beside him, muzzle resting on his paws. The great canid’s dour expression might have been comical under different circumstances. Winston hadn’t felt like laughing for some time, though.
Their backpacks had been thrown into a far corner. Fang and Ripper occupied another corner. Two armed guards standing in the middle of the room completed the scenario. Gas jets provided dim illumination, along with the fading daylight.
Camp thrust his bald head in from the corridor. 
“Keep an eye on that window,” he ordered, his voice echoing off the bare walls and floor. “If them birds try to come back, open fire immediately.”
The guards snapped to attention. “Yes, Chief Acolyte.”
They took up positions by the window. One of them held a pump shotgun, while the other brandished an old AK assault rifle.
Camp addressed an unseen man standing in the hall. “You remain by this door until further orders.”
“Yes, sir.”
After a final, malevolent scan of the room, the chief acolyte closed the door. Shotgun and A.K. breathed sighs of relief. They craned their necks out the window toward the tower summit. 
“Not a peep out of them birds,” A.K. said. “They must be scared real good.”
A breeze whipping through the window provided acoustic cover for Winston and Iridium to converse.
“Who are these people?” Iridium inquired at a low volume setting.
“A religious cult,” Winston replied, also at a reduced level. “Somehow they survived the final plague.”
“How nice.”
“The worst effects must not have reached this altitude although many of them did perish. Dr. Rackenfauz saw their corpses scattered around the lake when he first arrived.”
Iridium grunted. “Good riddance.”
“Dr. Horvath would have characterized their leader as a ‘persecutor’—meaning a psychopathic, narcissistic individual craving adoration and control.”
“A total whack job.”
“Yes.”
The guards looked toward them, then turned their attention back to the window. 
Winston lowered his voice further. “The armed ones are true believers. The others seem terrorized. They’ve probably lost faith and are kept in line through mental and physical abuse.”
“We’ve all got problems.” 
Shotgun turned toward them. “Keep it down!”
“Yes, sir,” Winston said at normal volume. “Sorry.”
* * *
Two stone-faced men brought Star to a massive oak door on the penultimate floor of the tower. They opened it and pushed her through.
“Thank you, boys,” she said. “Nice to see chivalry is still around.”
The guards exchanged blank looks; the jibe had clearly gone past them. They closed the door. 
Star glanced about her surroundings. She’d spent a night in this room with Winston and Iri during their first visit. Little had they imagined that, all the while, Visionists lurked in the castle’s bowels. Iri had sensed something was wrong, but they had not investigated. Just as well. They might have walked into a hail of gunfire.
The large main chamber had altered little. It had the same lavish oriental carpets, fine wooden furniture, and dim gas lights. A huge bed with ornate posts dominated one corner. End tables flanked the bed, each bearing a silver candlestick.
Star pushed her hands against the mattress. It recoiled firmly against the pressure. “Mmm, nice.”
She drew some obvious conclusions. The “messiah” and his followers had retreated underground, behind their iron door, waiting for the end of the world to pass over them. The ones who didn’t make the cut had died around the lake shore or had been slaughtered.
The messiah was capable of murder. Star had seen it in his eyes, smoldering amid his feverish sexuality. It had stimulated her, drawn her toward him, made her want to grasp his throbbing power.
It’s wrong! 
She pushed the evil emotion from her consciousness; it hovered in the background, taunting and beckoning. Her nipples had gone erect, brushing against the fabric of her blouse. Her lower regions warmed. She turned her attention back to the furnishings.
Religious tapestries covered the windows and some of the walls. Star examined one of the exquisite pieces. Her standard knowledge pack contained rudimentary details of the Christian faith, and she recognized the man riding on a donkey to be Jesus of Nazareth, the Christian messiah. He was entering an ancient city called Jerusalem. 
Somebody had inked in crude extra details. An assault rifle now attended Jesus’ shoulder. A belt girded his waist from which hand grenades hung like toxic fruit.
“Oh, my.” 
Star retreated across the chamber and entered a lavish bathroom tricked out in marble and gold. A large tub with water jets occupied the back. 
She grinned. “This is more like it.” 
Her lust routines included a “Jacuzzi sex” program. Here would be the perfect venue for an experiment. Her gaze fell upon a counter littered with needles and bottles of pills. Star did not know the specifics of the drug paraphernalia. Winston would know more about them.
Winston… will I ever see you again?
* * *
In an apartment two stories down, the messiah luxuriated under a hot shower. Layers of dirt cascaded off his skin in a grimy torrent. His hair and beard were shampooed squeaky clean, ready for barbering. His face assumed a ruddy glow.
Fucking A!
His latest drug fix wore off. The false euphoria had departed, but the usual depression had not followed. He was high on anticipation and felt no desire for any drug. His manhood, freed from chemical bondage, throbbed erect under the water spray. Joy and strength surged through his body.
At last, the Heavenly Father smiled upon him, sending a fantastic sexual partner to support him as he spread his rule throughout the Earth. No longer would he have to face the dreary prospects offered by the Temple women, especially Sister Reedy. A cold shiver ran through him despite the near scalding water. 
Tricky theological aspects must be considered. Since the beginning of his mission, he’d raved against the demon spawn robots, blaming them for all the world’s ills—the wars, plagues, and the resulting environmental catastrophe. He’d believed it, too. Why not? Robots were open targets, easy to hate. Their inability to fight back only made them more suspect—a lightning rod for all one’s fears, animosities, and feelings of inadequacy. Every great faith needs a devil.
With the arrival of such an exquisite creature, though, another divine vision would be required to iron out the contradictions and keep the flock in line. Anyway, he’d let them slaughter the other robots as consolation. Once he’d exercised his sexual will upon the one named Star, she’d forget about her suicide threats.
He turned off the water, reluctant to leave its warm embrace. A far better embrace awaited in the master suite. He stepped from the shower stall into the misty bathroom. The time of exile was finally ending. They’d been stuck in this castle for years, months of which they’d spent hiding in the basement and the adjoining caves waiting for the end times to pass. 
Discipline was a serious problem, even after the Nectar of Truth winnowing. Were it not for the dedication of the chief acolyte and a few others, including Sister Reedy, the Cause would have slithered down the drain like that filthy shower residue.
And the boredom! This claustrophobic setting did not provide the fresh admirers he yearned for. He’d screwed the members of his flock, degraded and abused them. Only his innermost circle of true believers had escaped his cynical mistreatment. Yet the craven adoration never faltered. It disgusted him.
He’d hesitated to move into the wider world with his mission. Unknown dangers lurked out there. Any other human survivors would be tough and well-armed. How could he gain the necessary converts?
A nasty voice, like that of his alcoholic earthly father, sounded in his mind: “Admit it, Roddy, you’re a lousy little coward.”
The messiah’s erection collapsed. His knees gave out, and he grabbed the counter for support. “I am not!”
“Aha,” the voice chortled. “Look at the big hero. Is your little weenie scared?”
“Stop!”
A powerful desire for a drug fix seized him, anything to silence that terrible voice. Pounding came on the door, followed by the muffled words of his bodyguard.
“Father, are you all right?” 
A vision of the beautiful creature waiting upstairs entered the messiah’s brain. The terror retreated before her radiance, and strength returned to his body.
“Y-yes... fine. I’ll be right out.”
He wrapped himself in a robe and exited the bathroom into an exciting new future.

22. Questions
Shotgun and A.K. peered out the detention room window, checking the sky. The sun had gone, and the mountain dusk pressed in hard.
“I think we’ve seen the last of them bird things,” A.K. said. “I liked the way Chief Acolyte gave them the boot.”
“I kinda wish they’d come back.” Shotgun brandished his weapon. “Give me some target practice.”
“Maybe later.” A.K. jerked a thumb toward the robots at the far wall. “After we’ve disposed of these others.”
They glowered at their prisoners across the large, bare room. The blue one, who must have been trying to listen in, glanced quickly away. The wolf thing with the shimmering coat remained immobile, like some huge, goddam stuffed toy. Both of them displayed that dead, unnatural stillness of robotic creatures—while evil churned inside, ready to spring out.
“Those things give me the willies,” Shotgun said.
“I don’t understand why Father takes such interest in these demon spawn. I thought He’d destroy them right away.”
“I don’t get it, either, but who are we to question His actions?”
“Yes,” A.K. agreed. “Only He can comprehend the ultimate vision that will lead our Cause to victory.”
They pressed right fists to their foreheads in deference to their Messiah. 
“Maybe the demon spawn have a role that neither you nor I can comprehend,” Shotgun said.
“Yeah, that must be it.” 
That damned blue robot was listening in again!
“What are you looking at?” Shotgun roared.
“Uh... nothing, sir. I was merely wondering why you refer to us as ‘demon spawn.’”

The guards gaped at each other, surprise and anger disfiguring their already repulsive faces.
“Quit yanking their chain,” Iridium whispered.
“I must learn more about their thought processes,” Winston said.
Shotgun strode toward them. Winston disguised his apprehension under his best politician’s smile. Iridium remained impassive.
“Father warned us that you’re all deceivers,” Shotgun said, jabbing a finger at Winston.
“Pay no attention to those things,” A.K. said. “They’ll just deny their responsibility.”
“Responsibility?” Winston asked.
Shotgun lowered his snarling countenance; the barrel of his weapon dropped toward Winston’s head. Winston shrank back, his smile fading.
“Responsibility for the end of the world,” Shotgun said. “When the wars you started weren’t enough, you brought the plague down on us.”
“My humblest apologies. Would you believe me if I said our particular group was not consulted about these events?”
Shotgun glanced toward his comrade at the window. “I hope Father chooses me to blast this one.” 
Winston recoiled.
“Yeah, I’ll take down that rainbow thing,” A.K. said.
“Big heroes with their guns,” Iridium muttered.
Winston gathered his wits. “Yet, you and your companions appear to have survived quite well. Why is that?”
Shotgun turned back toward him. “Father’s vision brought us to this place of refuge from which He will emerge to rule the world.” 
“Indeed? Didn’t numerous members of your Cause perish as well?”
“Father had us partake the Nectar of Truth. Those of insufficient faith perished.”
“Quit wasting time with that monstrosity,” A.K. said. “The extermination order will silence them soon enough.”
With a final murderous glower, Shotgun returned to the window area. 
“Satisfied, pal?” Iridium asked.
“That lunatic poisoned some of his followers,” Winston said. “They must have been running low on food or something.”
“Or else he just enjoys doing things like that.” 
* * *
Star approached the tapestry hanging in front of the window and fondled the rich fabric. It portrayed an episode from the Christian Bible—Jesus being arrested by the temple guards. Again, somebody had defaced the beautiful workmanship with heavy black ink. Jesus and his followers bore submachine guns; hand grenades festooned their belts. The feeble weapons of the temple guards were totally over matched.
These defacements surely provided insight into the messiah’s character. How could this knowledge be used to their advantage? If only Winston were here to interpret things. 
If only I wasn’t so scared!
She drew the fabric aside to access the window. The tapestry fell to the floor in a dusty plume. Star jumped back. 
“Gracious!”
The window leered fully exposed—three meters across by two and a half high with no pane spanning the void. A broad stone ledge ran its length; binoculars hung from a nail driven into the adjacent wall. More than one pair of hands would be needed to remount the tapestry. Star rolled the thing up and shoved it against the wall. 
Hopefully, this mishap wouldn’t cause problems when the messiah appeared to satisfy the lust she’d seen on his face. Her own lust for the strange man with the misty eyed robe surged in her heart. Again, she tried to refuse it entry. She felt evil, soiled. If only she could roll up these unworthy passions and kick them aside with the tapestry. 
She peered through the window, seeking distraction for her feverish mind. The view outside turned otherworldly in the fading light. A heavy mist arose from Pickle Lake, roiling about like a living thing. Movement in the distance caught her eye. She leaned out for a better view, gripping the window ledge for support. A stone under her hand shifted, throwing her off balance. 
“Oh!” She drew back.
The stone had twisted out of position and hung near the edge, a few centimeters from tumbling over. Star repositioned it, brushing away any evidence of crumbled mortar. Possibilities squirmed in her brain. 
This might come in handy, somehow.
She took the binoculars from their nail and peered through them... Out by the lake, six figures walked along the trail toward the castle. Their awkward movements betrayed robotic origins. 
Who are they? 
Nobody decent would be out creeping in the gathering darkness. They had to be a scrapper gang, like the one that had attacked them on their previous trip. Star shuddered at the recollection of their encounter with those renegade robots. The Che syndrome madness could inflict any robotic life form—mech bugs up to the most advanced models. Star knew from bitter experience how violent and dangerous such robots were.
Have they followed us here? 
As they drew closer, she could make out more details. The leader had only one arm. Could it be the same one Iri had mauled? She leaned her elbows on the ledge, avoiding the loose stone, and watched the group’s progress with rapt attention.

23. Back at the Rancho
The work crew labored with picks and shovels, digging a new channel for the “Winston River,” as the waterway coursing through Mech City had been officially renamed. 
This area consisted of open park land without any concrete pavement to bash through. Much of the route to the bomb crater was like this. Only later would they have to tear up some streets and demolish a few buildings. Things were as easy as they would ever be. Still, progress had been slow.
Jimmy stood a short distance away, observing. We could use some power digging machinery.
There was none available, just the manual efforts of these robots. The idea was to redirect the river into the bomb crater, flush out the stagnant water, and create a scenic pond. 
Sam moved beside him. “How’s it going?” 
“Not so good. The boys don’t understand the reasons behind what they’re doing.”
“You explained it to them, didn’t you?” 
“Yeah. I can’t inspire them like the Boss could. They don’t see the point.” Jimmy looked contemptuously at the crew and the miserable extent of the work they’d accomplished. “It makes me sick how everybody turned on the Boss.” 
“You and me didn’t turn on him, Jimmy.”
“That’s right, and I’m real proud of that fact.”
The enormous figure of Mayor Ajax stood on the opposite bank of the canal, arms crossed over his chest, surveying the work below.
“Ajax means well,” Jimmy said. “He doesn’t have the Boss’s moxie, though. The boys haven’t taken to him at all.”
“There’s talk of quitting. All it needs is one or two guys walking off and the rest would follow.”
“Yeah.”
Jimmy regarded the communicator strapped to his wrist. As interim security chief, he commanded the mech wolf guards. He pondered summoning them to help control the workers. 
His prosaic mind recoiled at the idea. If it comes to that, we’re finished. I wish the Boss were here. 
* * *
Across town at the main RDI workshop, Jack and Quincy labored over a damaged robot. Every table in the room contained another wrecked machine.
Quincy set down his wrench. “Ah, what’s the point, already?” 
“What do you mean?” Jack indicated the other wrecks. “This is the last of them. Once we fix them up, we’ll be all done.”
“What are we fixing them up for?” 
“Well... I don’t know.”
“The point is, there is no point to repairing them,” Quincy said. “Nobody gives a damn any longer.”
Jack shrugged. 
“I’m thinking it was a mistake to kick Winston out,” Quincy said. 
“What else could we do? He was going off the deep end.”
“I’m not saying he didn’t need to get taken down a peg, but look at the situation now.”
Jack nodded. “It is pretty lousy.” 
“Ajax is too upright and honest. He expects everyone to be like him. You can’t help feeling inferior when he’s around.”
“Winston never had that problem. He knew how to be cunning and underhanded.”
“It worked, too. He kept everybody motivated.” Quincy snatched up his wrench, brandishing it like a weapon. “Ajax doesn’t understand how others think. That’s why he can’t inspire anybody; he’s too self-righteousness.” 
“What do you expect? He was designed to be the sidekick of Gorzo the Adventure Robot, a guy who never does anything wrong.”
“Ajax is two-dimensional,” Quincy said. “He’s got zero subtlety.” 
“Imagine how huge he’d be with three dimensions.” 
The workshop morgue of deactivated machines hulked around the repair bots. A single thought occupied their minds:
I wish Winston would come back.

24. Raiding Party
Burt parked the battered truck alongside the road near a bullet-riddled sign reading:
Trail to Pickle Lake Castle
3 km
“Why are we stopping here, Chief?” the scrapper sitting beside him asked. “The trail’s still a ways off.”
“That’s the whole point, nit wit,” Burt snapped. “You want them to see us pull up? Maybe they can organize a welcoming committee.”
“Gee, I didn’t think of that.”
“Moron.”
Another scrapper poked his head through the shattered back window from the truck bed. “Are you sure they’re up there, Chief?”
“No, I’m not sure,” Burt said. “I just want to take little mountain stroll.”
“Oh, well... we could have done that before. Why drive all this way?”
Burt turned toward the scrapper. Fading sunlight shot across his angry face. “Where else do you think they went? The castle’s the only good shelter in this whole area. Call it an educated guess.”
“Sorry, Chief, I was only asking.” 
“Save your energy for the hike. If I want your opinion about anything, I’ll give it to you.”
Burt and his gang exited the truck and walked the narrow uphill road, keeping to the shoulder, ready to duck into the dead underbrush for concealment. All of them hefted clubs fashioned from steel pipe, nasty surprises for anyone in their way.

Some hours later, they arrived at Pickle Lake, having made the ascent undetected through the forested area. All around, glorious mountain vistas beckoned in the moonlight, making no impression on Burt. His mind squirmed with thoughts of revenge.
I’m coming for you, blue man. You and your robo-slut. 
He envisioned himself pounding the Winston robot into a pile of scrap and tearing the Star machine limb from limb. As for the mech wolves... 
Behind him, the five members of his crew grumbled and jostled each other. Burt glowered back at them. “Keep it down, damn you!” 
The trek continued with less racket until Burt called a halt on a level area near the lake shore. Water lapped gently under its layer of mist; the rhythm brought no comfort to his fevered mind. The castle loomed ahead in the mountain silence, its dimly illuminated windows staring out like eyes of the undead. 
“That place gives me the creeps,” he muttered. “Reminds me of Castle Dracula.”
A dim recollection floated up in his memory bank from a time before the world collapsed...
He was sitting on the living room floor of his master’s house, watching a 20th century horror movie. The master’s two young children snuggled against him, frightened by the black and white images on the wall screen. He wrapped a protective arm over each of their little shoulders and said – 
“What’s the plan, Chief?” one of the scrappers asked.
The memory vanished, leaving Burt with an overwhelming sense of loss. For a few moments, he’d been “Uncle Burtie” again, loved by a human family who had died horribly before his anguished optical sensors. Now he was back in the grim present.
He cuffed the scrapper hard. “The plan is to get there first, nit wit. Once we see how things are, we’ll know what to do.”
“Gosh, Chief, he was just asking,” a second scrapper said.
A third robot spoke up. “I think – ”
“You think?” Burt snapped. “My missing arm’s got more brains than all of you put together.”
He started walking back down the path.
“Where’re you going, Chief?” the first scrapper said.
“Think I’ll leave you all here. Try to find yourselves another driver.”
“No, Chief, we didn’t mean nothing.” 
Burt paused.
“That’s right,” the second scrapper said. “We was just talking.”
Burt shot an icy glare through the moonlight. “No more guff, understand?”
The five scrappers nodded enthusiastically and competed to express their loyalty.
“I’m with you, Chief… lead on… whatever you say, Boss.”
What a bunch of peasants. 
“Cut the crap, already,” Burt said.
Everyone shut up. Burt resumed his position in the lead. The group started walking.
“Hold it right there!” A harsh voice commanded from the gloom
* * *
At their post by the detention room window, Shotgun and A.K. argued strategy. 
“We need to get out of this place as soon as possible,” Shotgun said. “Every day we remain here is another one lost to the New Age.”
“It’s not time yet,” A.K. said. “We need to whip things into shape, first. A lot of the members are wavering in their faith.”
The dispute became more heated, distracting their attention from their duties. Winston took advantage of the audio cover to speak with Iridium. 
“I have to fight these people.”
“Not possible,” Iridium said. “Your programming won’t allow it.”
Winston glanced at the guards, then back toward Iridium. “I could if I was deranged, like a scrapper robot.”
“How would you accomplish that?”
“I don’t know yet.”
Iridium shook his head. “If you were really nuts, you’d be a threat to everyone, including Star.”
“That’s where you’d come in, Iri. Finish me off before I could harm her.”
Iridium’s usually impassive face registered astonishment, followed by a pitying look. “It would never work.” 
“I have to do something.” 
Iridium sprawled out, muzzle resting on his paws. “Forget it, pal; you’re out of your league. Besides, Star might be a lot tougher than you think.”
“I wish I could believe that.” 
* * *
Burt and his scrappers froze. Two men, armed with guns, approached. Both were mean-looking individuals, one totally bald while the other sported scraggly long hair and a beard.
“Drop the weapons, boys,” Burt whispered.
Their clubs thudded to the ground as the armed men arrived.
“Get this,” the bald one said, “another batch of demon spawn.” 
“Hands up, you scum!” the hairy man ordered.
The scrappers raised their hands.
“Relax, they can’t fight us,” Baldy said. “You saw how Sister Reedy knocked them around.”
“Uh... that’s right, sir,” Burt said. “We’re only looking for our friend, the blue robot. Have you seen him?”
“Sure,” Hairy said. “We’ll take you there, first class.” He pointed to a lit window in the castle tower. “It’s up with the others.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Why are you talking to this damn rust bucket?” Baldy said.
“It beats talking to you.” 
Burt assessed the situation. Three to one odds, not bad if we can get the timing right.
“Please forgive us, sir,” he said. “We did not mean to cause any dispute.”
“Another diplomat,” Baldy sneered.
Both men motioned with their gun barrels. “Move it, demon spawn!”
“Yes, sir,” Burt said. “Let’s go, comrades.”
The scrappers walked toward the castle, hands raised above their heads. The two guards followed, strolling casually and conversing with each other. 
Burt grinned. Those bums don’t see any threat from us “rust buckets.”
“It’ll be nice to get inside and deliver this batch,” Baldy said. 
“Yeah, it’s creepy out here.” 
Baldy gestured toward the lake. “I keep sensing ‘them’ hovering above the water. Like they’re waiting to grab somebody.”
“I know what you mean. How come we got stuck with outdoor guard duty again?”
“Me, because I’ve always had bad luck,” Baldy said. “And you, because you stink. If you washed up more often, people could stand having you around.”
“Very funny,” Hairy said. “You ain’t exactly a bouquet of roses.”
Burt glanced over his ruined shoulder at the complacent guards. “Now!” 
The scrappers rushed the startled men, beating them down with overwhelming mechanical strength. In moments, both guards lay dead.
“Good work, boys!” 
Burt picked up a fallen gun. He began shaking uncontrollably as his anti-firearm program kicked in. He dropped the gun, and the lethal shaking stopped. 
“I wish we could use these damn things.”
The scrappers retrieved their clubs and continued on toward the castle.

25. Encounter with Greatness
At her tower window vantage point, Star had to restrain herself from cheering the scrapper gang’s victory. 
How can this work to our benefit? 
Star lacked Winston’s brilliance or Iridium’s cunning intuition. They’d know what to make of the dangerous events transpiring outside. Her capabilities lay elsewhere. She replaced the binoculars on their nail and retreated from the window.
I must kill that evil man somehow... before he destroys Winston and Iri. 
Were it not for the absolute taboo against injuring human life which had been programmed into all robots, she could use her superior strength to break the messiah’s neck. She tried to envision doing this, but the image wavered and disappeared, leaving a numbed spot in her mind. Star smoothed her hands down her voluptuous figure and primped her hair. Other weapons would be required to defeat the messiah.
She recalled her brutal activation by a team of degenerate, plague-stricken mech heads at the RDI—the orgasma machine trials, the whole obscene process. She was supposed to have been gently activated by Jerry Che, imprinted with wholesome yearnings. Instead, she’d been violently yanked online by uncaring bastards who’d scrambled her programming. They’d twisted her sexual desires away from love and commitment toward wanton excess.
Despite her devotion to Winston, she could not help craving every male who came in sight—especially the messiah. She was hypersexual, a nymphomaniac. Such ugly words! She hated them... and liked them, too. 
Contradictions are all I’ve got. They’ll have to serve.
Across the vast room, a key rattled in the door lock, jolting Star out of her ruminations. She strode toward the door and was almost there when it swung open. An armed guard entered, followed by the messiah. 
“Leave me now,” the messiah said.
“Yes, Father.”
The guard looked dubiously at Star, then left, closing the door behind him. His footsteps faded down the hallway. Star crossed the remaining distance to stand directly before the messiah, determined to play the awestruck admirer.
The change in his appearance astonished her. He was groomed and scrubbed, his hair trimmed, beard gone. No ceremonial robe covered his fresh clothing. He was luscious. A thrill ran through Star’s circuits.
“I was hoping you’d come, Father,” she said, bowing her head reverently.
He waved his hand in a weary gesture. “No need to call me that. It’s all so boring.”
His pale blue eyes connected with hers, and an intense energy passed between them. Star felt herself being sucked into their depths.
Careful, girl, he’s the enemy!
She bowed her head again to sever the contact. “How then should I address you?” 
“As a special dispensation, you may call me ‘Roddy.’” 
“Oh, yes... Roddy.” The perfect name for the most perfect man in the world. He was supreme leader here; he had the right to rule everywhere. 
Roddy looked toward the open window, and his erotic hold on her lessened. He spied the fallen tapestry. 
“What happened there?”
Star wrenched back enough of her senses to craft an answer. “Oh, it fell when I was trying to look outside.” 
“Really?”
“I wanted some fresh air. Is that okay?”
He hesitated, shrugged. “Why not? I’ve been needing some air myself.”
Star took his hands and led him toward a small couch out of the window sight line. They sat down.
“I was beginning to think you weren’t coming, Roddy. I’ve been so lonely here.”
“I had to get cleaned up. I’ve been working so hard for my people that I sometimes forget.”
“Yes, your people. They must be grateful for everything you do.”
Roddy stiffened. “Are you kidding? Without my leadership they’d all be dead. But do they appreciate me?”
“I would certainly hope so.”
The messiah snorted. “Hell, many of them would leave if they could, abandon the Cause.”
Oh, if only he wasn’t so attractive.
“How terrible,” Star said, trying to sound sympathetic.
Roddy got to his feet. “Wasn’t it the same with the First Messiah? They crucified him, you know. It won’t happen this time!”
Extreme violence lurked within the anger. Star was frightened, also greatly excited. Intense, opposing passions gripped her. On one hand, she wanted to destroy this wicked man. On the other, she’d commit any violence to protect him and experience his erotic power.
This is crazy. Think about Winston, about Iri.
A vision of her great love appeared in her mind, along with a companion view of precious Iridium. The images could not dispel her attraction for the demonic Messiah. 
I’ll have to tear myself in two.
“Those people don’t understand your greatness,” she said. 
The sincerity of her voice astonished her. Every word rang true, however much she hated it. 
The Messiah’s rage lessened somewhat. “That’s fucking A right. Nobody understands me.”
“Come sit here.” Star patted the seat cushion. “Rest a while.”
Roddy sat down again. Star brushed his cheek with her finger tips. An electric thrill coursed through her circuits.
“Don’t let it bother you so much, Roddy. Not while I’m at your side.”
He calmed, the way Iri always did at her touch. 
She offered an alluring smile. “Isn’t this better?” 
“Yeah.”
“You look so fresh and clean. I wish you’d bathed here, where I could assist you.”
“Is that so?” 
Roddy moved closer, his thigh pressing against hers. Star’s rigid self control vanished. She seized him and pressed her mouth to his in a passionate kiss. An almost physical ripping occurred inside her. She had two personas now—one lustful, wicked, exploding with sexual ardor; the other remote, icy, and calculating. 
God, let the icy girl win! 
Star terminated the kiss. “I love a real man,” she said in a low, husky voice, “a leader.”
Roddy smiled, adrift on a cloud of sexual pleasure. Then his eyes turned hard and distrustful. “What about that Winston character? He seems pretty sweet on you.”
“Him? Forget that loser. I did the moment I saw you.”
Star hated herself for saying this, especially as it had the ring of truth. Roddy settled back. Star brushed his cheek. 
He jerked forward, suspicion returning. “Then why did you threaten to jump out the window if I hurt him?” 
“Oh, Roddy. You don’t know the first thing about what turns a girl on.”
Star gave him another long, probing kiss. He thawed in her arms, totally under her spell. She reveled in her power, like an ancient sex goddess. A whole new world of erotic wonder exploded open. Her simulated breathing turned deep and forceful; she felt his heart pounding beneath her erect nipples.
She pulled away, leaving Roddy groping for more, toying with his ego, resisting her own urgent lust. 
“It must be difficult for you confined in this place,” she cooed.
Roddy struggled to reassume his infallible leader persona. Star smiled naughtily at his discomfiture.
“I’m sick of it,” he said. “It’s not yet time to leave on the last phase of my mission, though.”
“A mission? That sounds fascinating.”
“I’ve prepared for it my whole life, so I can wait a bit longer. My people are getting restless...”
Star drew away, crumpling her face into a jealous pout.
“What’s the matter?” Roddy asked.
“There are lots of women among ‘your people,’ aren’t there?”
“Yeah.”
“And you’ve had them all?”
He shrugged.
“I think they leave much to be desired,” Star said coldly, her optical sensors narrowing. 
The almighty messiah wilted a bit. “Well... I do have to make many sacrifices for the Cause.” 
“Do these ‘sacrifices’ involve other men as well? Are you a switch hitter?”
“There are many demands on me.” Roddy’s voice degenerated into a childish whine. “My people call upon me to serve them in various ways. I-I cannot refuse.”
Star crossed her arms and fixed a cold stare upon him. Roddy looked back with pleading eyes. Star would have none of it. Jealous anger dominated her passions.
“I’m supposed to accept the way things are, huh?” 
“Everything is for the Cause. Please try to understand.”

Roddy studied the beautiful, incredible face with its perfect symmetry, dark-hued skin, and penetrating, mysterious eyes—desperately seeking any hint of approval. Not quite the face of a real woman. Beneath the sensuous warmth existed an un-human, alien hardness offering pleasures undreamed of by mortal men. 
Her entire aspect was alien, illusive—the sinuous movements, the physical strength so obvious from her embrace. This Star creation presented a new frontier to conquer, or be conquered by. During his many sexual exploits, Roddy had tried the bondage, SM route and had found the various dominatrix to be ridiculous figures. This creature beside him, though... she could take him anywhere.
His sham persona hung by a thread. In his heart, he knew he was a contemptible hoax, but he could never afford to let others find this out, especially not this incredible female. He dreaded what he’d be forced to do to her if she probed behind his facade.

Star sensed that matters hovered on a lethal edge. 
Better ease up, girl. 
She slid closer to Roddy and took his hands. They were soft, the hands of someone accustomed to having others perform the difficult tasks life required.
“Okay, I forgive you,” she said. “Let’s not talk about it anymore.”
He let out an immense sigh, looking pathetic in his neediness. Star brushed back a strand of his hair. 
“Tell me about your Cause, Roddy.” 
“Cause?” He looked confused, as if his life’s mission had lost all importance upon their wave of mutual lust.
Star’s eyes bored into his. “Tell me. I want to know everything about you.”

26. Origins of the Messiah

With the spotlight trained fully upon himself and his achievements, Roddy regained some of the confidence he’d lost under Star’s merciless interrogation. He rose from the couch and stepped back, giving himself room to pace. 
“The first vision came to me from my Father when I was quite young.” 
“How exciting!” 
Star moved to the edge of her seat and gazed deeply into his eyes while he spoke. The wave of approval coming from her washed Roddy along, back into the early years of his extraordinary life.
“By that, I mean my Heavenly Father,” he said, “not the worthless drunk who defiled the house where me and Mother lived...”
* * *
In the large vacant lot across the alley from his ramshackle house, twelve-year-old Roderick Barnett finished preparing the altar. The sacred red cloth and the black candles occupied their proper locations, as did the carving knife and electrical cord. An incense stick wafted its fumes beside a plastic sandwich bag of smoked herring. A ritual bowl containing “holy solvent” completed the paraphernalia.
Roddy glanced around to confirm there were no witnesses. Of course not. Everybody in the neighborhood feared to enter this place of holiness, and any strangers who happened by quickened their steps to avoid it. The local kids dubbed it “Mean Field” and gave the place a wide berth.
Roddy poured holy solvent into a bag, then shoved the bag up to his face and inhaled deeply. His consciousness ascended to a higher level. He repeated the ceremony, ratcheting up his spiritual insight. When he lowered the bag, his enhanced perceptions beheld a world in sharper focus with brighter colors. Behind this world lurked another reality filled with deep mystery. Would this be the day he broke through to it?
A stray cat crept toward him through the discarded cans and broken glass. Roddy smiled as the creature meowed, begging for a handout. He pulled a scrap of fragrant herring out of the sandwich bag.
“Come here, my lamb.” He waved the morsel.
The cat sniffed cautiously.
“Come on. I won’t hurt you.”
The hungry animal moved close. Roddy seized it and wrapped the electrical cord around its neck. The creature howled with mortal terror. Roddy felt the sharp jab of claws. 
“Damn you!” He throttled the cat, nearly breaking its neck. “You’ll regret that.”
He brought the struggling animal to the twisted “sacrificial tree.” The cat would have a slow, agonizing strangulation hanging there. Before it died, he’d give it a false reprieve. Then would be time for the carving knife.
Roddy was fiercely aroused. Never before had such brutal emotion surged through him. His groin throbbed with power. He thought of the new, red-headed girl at school—how it would feel to crush her neck in his hands, the exquisite pleasure of listening to her screams. 
A mighty voice boomed from above:
Cut the crap, Roddy! 
I have more important things for you.
He looked upward in astonishment and fear. An overwhelming light blasted from the sky, bathing his face with ecstasy. A crimson mist hovered in the light, and within the mist, a fierce red eye pulsed. The cat escaped Roddy’s slackened arms and ran off.
“Yes... w-what is it... Father?” 
The Heavenly Father materialized above him, filling the space around the red eye with His divine presence. Roddy gaped in amazement. This was nothing like the majestic Sistine Chapel figure he’d seen in the history class video. This Heavenly Father looked more like an old bunko artist or child molester, like that weirdo ice cream man the cops hauled away earlier that summer. 
A cynical smile twisted the Heavenly Father’s face, and his eyes glowed unkind. Roddy grinned. This was so much better than that pompous god painted on the chapel ceiling.
“Fucking A!” he exalted.
The End Times are at hand, Roddy. The world is totally screwed! 
You must lead a remnant of my people to salvation.
“Uh... sure thing, Dad. I got nothing else planned.”
The Heavenly Father jabbed a finger a him. Roddy recoiled, then raised his own trembling finger.
You are the New Messiah! 
A bolt of lightning passed from the Heavenly Father’s finger tip into his. Roddy jerked back and fell on the ground, convulsing amid the rubbish. He became still.
Get off your ass, Roddy.
Take up the mantle and uphold the Great Cause.
Do Not Fail!
The divine presence disappeared, leaving Roddy alone and stunned. He struggled to his feet under the empty sky. Had any of this really happened, or was it his imagination running wild? Did he take too much holy solvent?
A raucous bunch of crows appeared, seemingly from nowhere. One of them pooped on Roddy’s head. He wiped the bird droppings away, examined his hand rapturously.
“A divine omen!” 
* * *
Star leaned forward on the couch, eyes wide, listening intently to every word. 
This guy is amazing! Her super-charged, hyper-sexed persona thought.
This guy is totally wacko! The icy, calculating persona thought.
“I left home immediately, without bidding farewell to my earthly parents,” Roddy continued. “Their purpose in the divine plan had been accomplished, and they returned to their iniquity.”
He continued on about the early days of his mission—how he attracted his first converts, including the man who would become his legal guardian, William Camp, a.k.a. the chief acolyte; how they spread the good news to an unbelieving world; how Sister Reedy appeared, at the behest of the Heavenly Father, to provide the strong female role model lacking in his life.
Role model? Star’s interior bitch scoffed. I’ll bet she rolled him every which way.
“The Cause then directed me to a place known as ‘Mech City’ where we established our temple,” Roddy continued. 
“Oh my!” Star exclaimed as her rational self returned to the fore. 
He fixed his penetrating gaze upon her. “Is there something you do not understand, child?”
“Why Mech City?”
“The forces of technological wickedness were gathering there. We sought to oppose them and attract new believers to the Cause.”
“I see. Please go on.”
Roddy straightened himself and squared his shoulders. The flame of a gas torch flickered across his face dramatically. “Mech City proved a sinful place, not open to my message. A legion of infidels drove us away with fire. Even that was part of the Heavenly Father’s plan.
“We wandered for years, gathering converts, until my guiding vision located this place of power for our final refuge. We had to fight off a criminal gang that tried to eject us. Never again would we be driven from our Holy Temple! We waited, ensconced in the lower regions, as chaos reigned around us.
“My people were not yet ready for salvation, and many wanted to abandon the Cause. Imagine! As always, the Heavenly Father had a plan. He sent the one called Rackenfauz and his demon birds.
“‘Save us, Father!’ my people cried. I knew the old fool was no threat, and I used him to keep my people hidden away for months where they could contemplate their sins and repent their disloyalty.”
Star remained seated, enraptured by the speechifying. Roddy gestured wildly, flinging an imaginary robe around in dramatic arcs. Star dug her fingernails into the sofa, barely able to restrain herself from leaping up and shredding his material clothes.
“With the dawning of a new and purified age, those who believe in me will inherit the earth!” Roddy proclaimed.

27. Scrappers and True Believers
Burt and his scrapper gang slipped through the castle door into the big entry hall—clubs raised, glancing apprehensively around for enemies. 
“Keep those weapons out of sight,” Burt ordered in a hushed voice.
The scrappers lowered their clubs and held them close, concealing them as much as possible.
“Play dumb with any humans we meet,” Burt said. “We must get into that detention room.”
“What then, Chief?” a scrapper asked.
“We take out as many as we can, starting with the blue guy.”
A murmur of approval coursed through the gang. “We’re with you, Chief... Let’s smash ‘em!”
They crept toward the main tower staircase. Gas torches protruding from the walls hissed softly, covering the sound of their footsteps and throwing grotesque shadows.
* * *
Seated at a table in a remote castle room, Sister Reedy conferred with Brother Ralph and Brother George. Along with the chief acolyte, they were the hardest core true believers, people who had stuck with the Messiah since the early days of His holy mission.
“I can’t believe what’s happening,” said Brother Ralph—a thin, gaunt man with a severe military-style crew cut. “What can Father be thinking, consorting with a demon spawn?”
“It goes against his most sacred teachings,” Brother George added.
“She’s bewitched him!” Sister Reedy hissed. “Did you catch the brazen look in her eyes? She wields satanic power.”
The robo-slut’s leer was nothing like the sanctified desire in Reedy’s eyes when she’d first gazed upon the Messiah—when she’d converted to the faith and thrown off her substance addictions, replacing them with absolute devotion to Him. She’d introduced Him to the sexual arts, earning her nickname Reedy in tribute to her lithe sensuality and long, supple body that twisted around Him in all manner of orgasmic pleasures. 
To complete her life’s work, before younger women could replace her, she’d borne Him a wonderful son. Then came the Nectar of Truth... Since then, her fanatic belief in the Cause had increased many fold. It was all she had left. 
“What’s to be done?” Brother Ralph asked. 
“I don’t think we can do anything, yet,” Brother George said. “We can’t betray our oath to Father, even if we don’t understand what’s going on.”
“There’s evil afoot tonight,” Sister Reedy muttered.
Two men entered the room, guards who had escorted the female demon spawn to the Messiah’s chambers.
“What are you doing here?” Sister Reedy snapped.
“Father dismissed us,” one of the men said. “He told us to leave him unattended.”
“Get back up there right now!” The fanatical rage in her eyes brooked no disagreement.
“Yes, Sister.” The guards fled the room, nearly tripping over each other.
Venomous thoughts about the female demon spawn squirmed in Sister Reedy’s mind—torture, dismemberment, fire.

28. Climax
Roddy finished his tirade and gazed upon Star expectantly—arms crossed over his chest, eyes blazing with fervent power. Star looked back at him with a mixture of extravagant lust and absolute horror.
I can’t go on divided like this, she thought desperately. It’s going to destroy me.
Either her rational self or her wanton self would have to battle this monster. Star knew instinctively that her rational side was not up to the job.
This is it, girl, no turning back!
With a wrenching mental effort, she forced her reasoning, moral and decent persona aside. A final thought accompanied it: I love you, Winston!
She summoned up her darkest, most debauched yearnings and released them like a pack of wild dogs.
“Oh, baby!” 
Star surged up, grabbed Roddy, and pulled him onto the couch with her—kissing him ferociously, biting his lips, his neck, tearing at his clothes.
“Give it to me now, big boy!” 
They tumbled onto the floor and rolled across the exquisite oriental carpet. Roddy gaped with surprise. The strength of this robotic female was far beyond that of any flesh and blood woman, far beyond his own. He’d always been the violent sexual aggressor; he couldn’t handle this new situation.
Star thrust a hand into his underwear; she paused. “What’s this? Feels like little Roddy is on vacation.” 
She withdrew her hand, laughing. “Wait til the others hear about this.” 
Roddy stumbled back to his feet. The room spun around him in a psychotic carnival ride.
“Stop laughing at me!” His voice had shot up an octave.
Star got to her feet, still laughing, and stood directly before him.
“What do you know?” she sneered. “The all-mighty leader, nothing but a limp noodle.”
An insane fury contorted Roddy’s face. “Damn you!”
He grabbed Star’s throat and tried to strangle her, but her titanium alloy substructure withstood the assault.
“That’s it!” Star grabbed Roddy’s crotch, kneading brutally. “You’ve got it now, big boy.”
Roddy cried out with exquisite agony. Star flung his hands off her throat and crushed her mouth against his. She swayed her hips, grinding into his throbbing erection. Roddy groaned, succumbing to her overwhelming sexual power.
“Violence turns you on,” Star panted. “Me too!”
She pulled away, leaving Roddy stunned and teetering. With a few savage motions, she ripped off her clothes. Roddy looked on, mesmerized.
“It’s danger that really gets me hot,” Star said.
She rushed to the window and climbed up on the stone ledge, spreading her arms wide under the sensuous night sky. Impossible, contradictory emotions raged through her circuits. It seemed a moment equally suited to live or perish.
She glanced back toward Roddy. He looked tiny, insecure, uncertain, his face drained of blood. The all-powerful messiah was nowhere in sight. Star crouched low, like a predatory cat, and fixed him with a powerful, erotic stare.
“Come up here!” she commanded.
As if in a trance, Roddy stripped off his clothes and approached with hesitant steps to the edge of the window. 
“That’s a good boy,” Star purred.
She gripped his erection and guided him up onto the window ledge. Through her orgiastic mental fog, she tried to observe where he stepped. Disappointment shot through her when he found solid footing. 
She released his organ and gestured into the night expanses. “Here it is! All yours for the taking—the earth, the heavens.”
Roddy overcame his trepidation, driven on by Star’s erotic madness. “Yes! Yesss!”
They stood together in orgasmic exaltation, masters of the universe. Reveling in their damnation. Time stood still...
With a brutal effort of willpower, Star quashed her frenzied emotions. She shrank back fearfully.
“Over there,” she said in a quavering voice, “I-I see them.”
“Who?”
“Your people… they’re coming for you.”
Terror contorted Roddy’s face, his eyes widened. “W-where?” 
Star pointed toward the lake glittering in the moonlight. “Out there, by the water.”
Madness and reality blended into a gruesome composite. Star could actually see the ghosts of the murdered Visionists, swirling in the unholy vapors over Pickle Lake.
“No, it can’t be... they’re all dead.” Roddy trembled violently. “I killed them myself. I gave them the poisoned chalice. They would have betrayed me!”
He tried to move down from the ledge; his foot stepped on the loose stone. It gave out under him, spinning away in the darkness.
“Help!” Roddy shrieked.
He reached toward Star. Instinctively, she thrust a hand toward him, then restrained herself. His fingers brushed against hers, then slipped away. Roddy fell into the void, screaming. 
Star watched him hurtle to the flagstones far below, her face inert, blank, like a manikin’s. From the direction of Pickle Lake, hundreds of shades rushed to greet their messiah. They didn’t look friendly.
Five: Breakout Attempts

29. All Hell Breaks Loose
Confined helplessly in the detention room, Winston slid into a deep funk, his back against the wall, chin resting upon his chest. He asked no further questions of the hostile guards nor attempted to speak with Iridium at his side. 
A single thought tormented his brain: What’s happened to Star? 
Shotgun and A.K. had ceased their arguing. They stood together by the window glowering at him, cradling weapons in their arms like lethal babies. 
A.K. yawned. “I wish something would happen, already.”
“Yeah,” Shotgun agreed.
“Ahhhh!” 
The screaming messiah hurtled past the window flailing his limbs in thin air. The guards spun around.
“My God!” Shotgun cried.
“Holy crap!” A.K. added.
They leaned far outside the window... A horrid SPLAT! The screaming ceased.
“Father!” 
Winston jerked into full attentiveness. Ripper and Fang rose from their corner and moved toward the window to investigate.
“Get back, you idiots!” Iridium snarled.
The mech wolves halted, looking to Iridium for further instructions. The guards turned away from the window, both of them trembling and pale. A.K. fainted, sprawling on the floor like a discarded bag of manure. Shotgun sprang into action, carried along by insane rage. 
“Damn you!” 
He fired point blank at Fang. The mech wolf disintegrated, scattering components about the room. Ripper fled to the corner, whining.
“It’s your fault! Death to the demon spawn!”
Shotgun pumped another round into the weapon and aimed. Winston cringed, holding his hands over his face in a useless protective gesture.
“Look out, pal!” 
Iridium jumped in front of him as the shotgun fired. 
* * *
Star remained fixated in the window, staring at the mountain vastness as if cemented in place. Her reasoning mind hovered far away, uninvolved in the grisly events, leaving her only the savage instincts of brutality and lust. Gunfire sounded from a lower story.
Winston! She jumped down from the ledge. 
The moment her feet touched the floor, her rational self resumed control. She grabbed the candlesticks off the end tables and ran for the door without bothering about her discarded clothes.
She bolted down the stairs to the detention room story, intercepting two armed men in the corridor. They halted, gaping dumbfounded at the her.
“He’s up there!” Star shouted, pointing the way she’d come. 
The men hesitated, confused, then charged up the stairs.
* * *
“Iri!” Winston cried.
He gaped in horror at the blasted carcass spread across his lap. Iridium’s head and front quarters had been blown away, his magnificent coat shredded. Components littered the floor. 
Winston did not notice the shotgun pellets embedded in his own body as a gigantic fist of grief slammed into him. 
“Oh, no... Iri!”
The door burst open, another guard entered—a tall man with wild hair. “What’s going on?” 
“It’s Father... he’s dead!” Shotgun wailed. 
“W-what?”
“Down there!” Sobs choked off Shotgun’s voice. 
The tall guard rushed to the window, stepping over A.K.’s inert form, and peered at the flagstones below.
“It can’t be!” he gasped.
Shotgun jabbed a finger at Winston. “It’s the demon spawn’s doing!”
“Yeah?” The tall guard said through gritted teeth.
He strode to Winston and raised his gun. Through his anguish, Winston confronted his end. 
I’m ready to go, Great Technician in the Sky!
“YEE HAAA!” 
A savage battle yell roared in from the hallway. The guards turned toward the door as Burt and his gang charged in, clubs swinging. All hell broke loose. 
A scrapper knocked the tall guard’s rifle from his hands before he could pull the trigger. Shotgun fired a single blast, blowing one scrapper apart and halting the others in their tracks.
“Get him!” Burt screamed.
The howling robots surged ahead. Shotgun chambered another round, too late. The infuriated enemy rushed him. A club bounced off his skull. He hurtled out the window to join his blessed savior. 
The tall guard backed away, hands held up in entreaty. “No! No!” 
“Yes, yes!” Burt replied.
He tossed his club. It spun end over end and struck the guard’s forehead neatly.
“Ugh!”
The man staggered back, tripped over A. K., and tumbled out the window. His scream trailed away in the darkness.
“Nice shot, Chief!” one of the scrappers exclaimed.
“Thanks,” Burt said with evident pride.
A.K. returned to consciousness, raising himself onto his elbows. “What the hell’s going on?” 
“A little housewarming party.” Burt waved two scrappers forward. “Here’s your invite.” 
They tossed A.K. out the window. He was apparently too surprised to bother screaming.
Quiet settled on the room. Winston remained seated against the wall, Iridium’s corpse spread across his legs. Ripper stayed in his corner, unmoving, observant.
Burt looked toward Winston, a perverse little smile twisting his face.
“Well, who have we got here?” He picked up a club from the fallen scrapper. “If it ain’t the guest of honor, himself.”
Winston moved out from under the wreckage and stood up. “You’re real brave, now that Iridium’s gone. You and your pathetic little gang.”
“Was that his name?” Burt sneered. “Good riddance, Iridium.”
Winston took a step forward. “Why don’t you fight me robot to robot, you lousy coward? I’ll only use one arm.”
“That’s not how it works, blue man.” Burt gestured to his companions. “Come on boys, let’s get this done.” 
Star burst in. “Here, Winston!”
She tossed him one of the candlesticks. Winston grasped it in both hands, felt its righteous power—like a holy sword of vengeance. He charged Burt.
“YAAA!” 
The scrapper leader dodged the killing stroke. Winston and Star waded into the gang, swinging furiously. An enemy robot fell, but regained his feet and continued fighting despite the dent in his chest.
The scrappers’ superior numbers quickly overwhelmed Winston and Star, knocking their weapons away and driving them toward the gaping window.
“Destroy them both!” Burt howled.
Ripper sat idly in his corner, head turning back and forth between the combatants. 
“Help us!” Winston shouted.
Without an order from his destroyed pack leader, Ripper remained immobilized. Winston dropped to the floor and tumbled away.
“Get him!” Burt shrieked.
Winston rolled to Iridium’s corpse and tore off a swatch of tattered coat. He waved it at Ripper.
“Come on, help us!”
The mech wolf gazed dumbly at the token of its fallen leader. A pair of scrappers yanked Winston to his feet. 
“Outside with you, friend,” one of them said cheerily, as if issuing a tea party invitation.
They dragged Winston toward the window. He struggled fiercely but could not break free. Other scrappers pinioned Star against the wall. 
“Oh, Winston! I love you so much!”
The death maw approached. Winston tried to reach Star; only their eyes met. . . 

Ripper came to a decision in his dull mind. He leaped into action, tearing apart the nearest scrapper with such violence that its components ricocheted off the walls. Everyone watched, stunned. 
“Go for it!” Winston cheered. “Tear ‘em up!”
Ripper seized another enemy. Burt fled toward the door. Winston tackled the one-armed robot and pinned him down. 
“You should have taken my offer...” Winston landed a punch. “when you had the chance.” He struck another blow.
The scrapper with the dented chest tumbled over. Ripper snipped its head off. 
Star kicked it out the window. “So long, friend!” 
Ripper closed in on the final scrapper, fangs bared and coat bristling. The terrified robot backed away, holding up pleading hands.
“N-nice doggie. You don’t want to hurt me, do you?”
Ripper looked toward Winston.
“Finish him.” Winston slashed a finger across his throat area.
The mech wolf readied to pounce. The scrapper dashed to the window and jumped. His screams shattered the night air.
Winston turned on Burt cringing beneath him. “Do you have a vehicle?”
Burt stared up, pure hatred shining in his optical sensors. 
“Talk, or I’ll turn you over to that werewolf gentleman.” 
Winston signaled Ripper with the fragment of Iridium’s coat. The mech wolf approached, all growls and flashing eyes. It stuck its muzzle into Burt’s face.
“Yes, I’ve got a truck!” Burt cried.
Ripper opened its jaws, reaching for his throat. 
“I can drive you anywhere you want!”
“Now you’re talking sense, Rust Bucket.” 
Winston waved Ripper off. The mech wolf retreated to its corner and lay down obediently, glowering at Burt across the room full of smashed and scattered components. One of the scrapper torsos emitted a long, crackling spark, then fell silent.
Star approached Iridium’s wreckage. “Iri... my poor Iri.” She fell to her knees, sobbing.
Shouts and gunfire erupted throughout the castle. Winston slammed the door and barricaded it with wrecked scrappers. Mech birds hovered by the window. They streamed inside and circled Iridium, cheeping mournfully.
“We have to go, now!” Winston yelled.
He brandished the talisman of Iridium’s coat at the birds. Thank the Great Technician, they chose to obey his summons. A group of them seized the back packs and disappeared out the window. Another group went after Ripper. The mech wolf whined piteously and tried to flee but was snatched away.
Winston pulled Star to her feet and embraced her. “Iri’s gone. We can’t do anything for him now.”
Out in the hallway, enraged cultists battered the door.
“Let’s go,” Winston said.
Star hung her head in sorrow as a squadron of birds lifted her out the window. 
Winston leered at Burt. “If you try anything, you’re toast. Got it?”
The scrapper chief nodded. A mass of birds carried them away. As they exited, two armed men burst into the room. 

They soared through a beautiful moonlit sky. The mist covering Pickle Lake shimmered as if it were alive. The atmosphere would have been enchanting had it not made them perfect targets. Automatic weapons fire blasting from the detention room window scattered the knot of mech birds carrying Winston.
“Yow!” He plunged at circuit wrenching speed. 
“Winston!” Star cried.
“Farewell!” 
Winston fell straight at a pair of humans pointing their guns upward. 
You’re going out, too!
The humans scattered from the drop zone. A fresh covey of birds diving after Winston grabbed him just before he hit the ground. His plunging altimeter abruptly reversed, nearly blacking him out.
“Ohhh... thanks guys.” 
Winston hurtled skyward once more. Gunfire popped all around but scored no further hits. They flew out of range. Only the sound of flapping wings and Star’s anguished weeping remained.

30. Escape from Insanity

The chief acolyte gave up his useless firing. The robots and their demon birds were out of effective range. He turned toward Brother George.
“Join up with Sister Reedy and Brother Ralph,” he ordered. “Grab all the ammo you can and get down to the parking area. On the double!”
“Yes, Chief Acolyte!” Brother George dashed out of the room.
Alone now, the chief acolyte’s resolve began to waver. He glanced at the piles of demon spawn wreckage, then out the window at the crumpled human corpses below—including that of the precious Messiah.
The end times are truly upon us.
He sagged against the wall. More than anything, he wanted to fling himself out the window and join the beloved Father in death, but he had no right to do that. Evil must be purged so the Holy Cause could go on. 
“Give me strength, Father!” 
Never, since he’d first joined the Visionists, had he felt so weak and vulnerable. No longer was he chief acolyte, second in authority only to the Messiah himself. He’d morphed back into confused and ineffectual Willie Camp, a man of zero consequence whose narrow shoulders could not possibly handle the load they were called upon to bear.
Get a grip! Be worthy of the Cause.
Hadn’t Father said this day would come, that He would leave this earthly existence to prepare a place for His followers in heaven? From a place at the right hand of the Heavenly Father, He would designate a successor to carry on the earthly mission. It was up to his true believers to locate this successor and advance the Holy Cause. 
It was up to him, William Camp, chief acolyte of the One True Faith.
Righteous power surged into his body, expelling all doubt. He pulled himself off the wall and rushed out the door. His feet pounded up the stairs of the main tower.
I shall not fail! I shall not fail!
He arrived at Father’s private chambers where he threw open the door and entered, gun barrel first.
“Anybody here?” 
The place seemed empty, as dead as its former occupant. The chief acolyte locked the door behind himself, muffling the chaos echoing through the castle. He stepped into the bathroom, also empty.
Those of insufficient faith were abandoning the Cause. Some would have scattered into the mountains; others would be hiding in the myriad castle recesses, armed with weapons taken from fallen true believers.
So few of us left now. 
They’d never be able to root out the traitors from their strongholds. The shepherd had been struck, and the flock had scattered. It was time to set off the ‘Hallelujah Bomb.’
The chief acolyte smashed his rifle butt against a wall mirror. The glass shattered, revealing a tiny safe. He spun in the doomsday combination numbers given to him by the slain Messiah. The safe door popped open.
He withdrew a small remote control device. Without hesitation, he pushed its red button. Somewhere, a timer began counting down. When it reached zero, the explosives connected to the gas reservoir would go off, along with other charges hidden throughout the castle. 
The chief acolyte did not understand the details. Only the Messiah and the demolition expert cult member had known. The Messiah was on the heavenly plane now, and the demolition expert had perished from the Nectar of Truth. 
* * *
The birds set everyone down by the scrapper vehicle and deposited the packs into the cargo area, along with the scooters they’d retrieved. Star dressed herself in fresh clothes while Winston manhandled Burt toward the driver’s seat.
“Get in there, you!” He shoved Burt hard.
“Okay, you win. No need to get rough.”
“I’ll show you rough,” Winston snarled.
He wanted to smash Burt, tear off the remaining arm and beat him to death with it. The scrapper leader had threatened Star, tried to throw her out the window! He was a loathsome coward who had refused honorable individual combat.
Go easy on him, pal. 
The restraining voice in Winston’s mind had a distinct Iridium tone. Winston forced himself to calm down. His rational mind understood that without Burt’s gang he and Star would be piles of blasted rubble. And they needed the truck to make a fast getaway. Burt was both enemy and savior—too much data to process at one time.
Burt got into the driver’s seat. Ripper sat directly behind and draped a paw on his good shoulder, ready to tear the scrapper apart at the first sign of rebellion. The mech birds formed into a single mass and swooped over them in a low dive.
“What the heck?” Winston said.
The birds made another dive, banking in salute as they passed. They flew off toward the east.
“They must be heading back to Mech City,” Star said, “now that Iri’s gone...”
“I should have expected that. They can serve only one master.”
Winston wrapped an arm around Star. With his free hand, he waved to the birds. “Thanks for everything, guys! Have a safe trip back.”
In a way, he was relieved to be free of the winged creatures. Their flapping, smothering presence had been a constant irritation. Now that the birds were gone, though, danger and uncertainty pressed in closer from the darkness. 
What horrors await us ahead? 
Star melted into his embrace. Winston joined both arms around her; they enjoyed a moment of peace amid the swirling terror.
“Thank heaven you’re safe,” Winston spoke into Star’s auditory sensor. “I couldn’t go on without you.”
Star sighed and retreated deeper into his embrace. Her loveliness glowed in the moonlight.
The perfect moment couldn’t last. Anxieties soon gnawed at Winston again. Their survival depended on a lunatic scrapper and a mech wolf. How much longer would Ripper obey his commands before it turned savage? 
If only Iridium hadn’t been – 
Winston forced himself not to think about Iri. If the grief fist smashed into him again, he might not be able to function. Star could release her turbulent emotions through weeping; he could only go into a lethal feedback loop until he shook apart or retreated into zombie mode from which he might not emerge.
“I’m sorry I didn’t get to overhaul your cranial rotation mechanism,” Star murmured.
“As long as I can turn my head enough to see you, it’s all right.”
Star rested her head on Winston’s shoulder, her tears moistening his chest.

31. The Left-Behinds
Ernestina and Arleny struggled amid the throng of panicked cult members seeking refuge in the castle’s chambers and passageways. 
“Where can we hide?” Arleny asked. 
“Nowhere. We have to get out of this mad house.”
“How?” Arleny’s voice was small and frightened, lost in the bustle of other terrified people.
“We’ll go outside, head for the higher slopes.”
“Then what?”
Ernestina bristled. “I don’t know! We’ll stay there a while, then slip down to the road... something.”
“Oh, Teen, I’m so scared.”
Ernestina’s frightened harshness softened as she tried to comfort her only friend in the world. “It’ll be okay. We’ll make it.”
She grasped Arleny’s hand and led her toward the stairs, wishing fervently she could believe her own brave words. The entry hall was deserted when they got there, and the main door gaped open in tantalizing invitation. The sounds of running feet brought new urgency.
“Over here.” Ernestina yanked Arleny into a side alcove. 
The girls stood motionless as two Apostolic Guards—Sister Reedy and Brother Ralph—ran past them and out the door. Gunfire tore through the night.
“Come on,” Ernestina said.
She and Arleny moved across the entry hall and crept through the door. Once outside, they turned sharp left, away from the guards who were firing their assault rifles into the sky. Ernestina did not care to see what they were shooting at. She led Arleny across the front of the castle, made another left at the corner, and headed uphill.
Moonlight offered poor illumination on the rough ground. The women breathed in labored gasps as they struggled through the strange and evil night. Ernestina feared a sprained ankle or a tumble back down the slope. Gunfire staccato urged her on.
A refuge suddenly appeared, like a gift from that “Heavenly Father” dude she’d heard so much about—a small cave nestled under overhanging rock. 
Any snakes hiding in there? Ernestina wondered.
She pushed the thought aside. A snake would be a welcome companion after the horrors they’d experienced in the castle.
“We’ll stay here til daybreak. Then... we’ll see.”
“Okay,” Arleny said, barely audible.
Ernestina eased herself into the little grotto, then assisted Arleny inside. She pulled some vegetation in front of the entrance and hunkered down to wait out the nightmare. 
How’d we get into this mess? 
Her mind drifted back sixteen months to when they were still young, before they’d turned into ancient 20-year-olds. Back when they were bored, restless, and aching for adventure.
“Wouldn’t it be fun to hook up with a biker gang?” they’d decided.
Only it wasn’t much fun. They’d been passed around like candy among the various men. They never got the coveted “Property of ______” emblems of the higher-ranked females with steady boyfriends. They wanted to leave, but where could they go?
The final plague was slaughtering everyone back in the city, including their own families. She and Arleny opted to stay in the gang and be protected by the “real men.” They would all head into the mountains and wait out the disaster.
Right!
Thirty guys swaggered up the trail with their guns and bad-ass attitudes. Ten survivors scurried back down pissing their pants, the enemy in hot pursuit. Ernestina and Arleny scrambled for a ride out of the kill zone on the back of a retreating bike. A bullet grazed Arleny, and they both tumbled off. Nobody bothered to help.
The religious wackos picked them up and converted them to their “one true faith.” This meant being sex slaves to the so-called Messiah until he tired of them. He may have been a psychotic puke, but at least his crew could kick ass when it mattered. No other outsiders bothered them, until tonight.
Ernestina stared at the black sky through a chink in the camouflage and pondered the uncertain future. If she survived, she’d never be such a fool again. She was over her fascination with bad boys forever. 
Well, maybe not. There had to be a special one for her out there—a rebel type guy with real intelligence and strength, who didn’t need a bunch of scummy ‘brothers’ hanging around and who knew how to treat a woman properly.
Ohhh... if I ever get out of this!
* * *
“We’d better go,” Winston said.
Star nodded.
Winston led her to the back seat, then got into the front passenger spot. When they were situated, he reached back to hold Star’s hand. He wanted to utter wise and comforting words but could not think of any. 
BOOM!
A huge explosion rocked the night. An evil radiance illuminated the mountains, like a torch held aloft by the human devil.
“What happened?” Star cried.
“Maybe somebody blew up the gas reserve,” Winston said.
“Those poor people. I mean the ones without the guns. They didn’t want to be there any more than we did.”
“Yeah, tough break,” Burt said.
“Just drive,” Winston said. “When I want your opinion, I’ll give it to you.”
Burt started the vehicle’s engine and flicked on the headlights. They drove toward the main road. More explosions, gunfire.
* * *
The ground bucked under the force of a gigantic blast. The night turned into dazzling day. Ernestina and Arleny clung together, screaming along with the hellish noise.
A second, smaller explosion erupted, then another. A piece of flaming debris flew into their refuge. The women crawled out of their cavern into a nightmare scene. What had once been the castle was now a blazing inferno. A diabolical scorched odor polluted the air amid a choking dust cloud.
“Oh, my God!” Arleny shrieked.
A panicked group of people struggled up the mountain nearby, trying desperately to escape. 
Arleny got to her feet. “Over here! Help!”
“Get down!” Ernestina snapped. 
Arleny was beyond all reasoning. She took off toward the group, crying and waving her arms.
Damn it! 
Ernestina prepared run after Arleny. A burst of gunfire froze her in place. The fleeing people tumbled over.
“Infidels!” a man shouted over the screams of the dying. “Traitors!”
Another burst of gunfire and the screaming stopped. 
“May you all rot in hell!” the man roared.
Ernestina recognized the voice of Brother George, one of the true fanatics. His small, rotund figure retreated down the slope, backlit by flames.
“Arleny!”
Ernestina ran to her friend. She cradled the bullet-riddled corpse in her arms and gave vent to bitter tears.

32. The Hunt Organizes
At dawn, the chief acolyte emerged from the dead woods and clambered down the steps to the parking area. 
With him came Sister Reedy, Brother Ralph, and Brother George—all of them heavily armed, as befitted the truest of the true. They stood together on the level ground, fatigued and dirty. A smoky, charred odor accompanied them. The chief acolyte wore the late messiah’s misty-eye robe on top of his clothing. The garment seemed more like an oversized bib spread over his lanky frame.
“It’s up to us, now,” he said. “The pretenders have scattered like frightened chickens.” 
Brother George patted his rifle. “Not all of them got away, Chief Acolyte.” 
“Where do you think the demon spawn have fled?” Sister Reedy asked.
“I know not,” the chief acolyte replied. “I believe it has been pre-ordained that four of us uncorrupted ones have survived to be the messengers of vengeance.” He placed his hands firmly on his hips, as he’d seen the Messiah do so often. “We will destroy the demon spawn. Once we have attained justice, we will find the prophesized new Messiah and continue the holy mission.”
“Your certainty warms our hearts!” Sister Reedy cried.
“Let us journey together to the cross roads. Then...” He pointed to each one in turn. “Brother George shall head north. Brother Ralph shall head south, Sister Reedy east, and myself.” He thumped a fist against his chest. “I shall journey westward.”
“On to glory, in His holy name!” the others shouted. 
They walked downhill toward the crossroads, a grating hymn of the Holy Temple pouring from their throats:
Father is God!
In every part of His transcendent being.
Deep in our souls,
We do believe.
Father is God!
Deep in our innermost hearts,
We know He is 
God, God, God, God, God!
When they reached the crossroads, the chief acolyte raised his gun above his head, two-handed. “Onward for the Messiah! Vengeance will be His!”
They departed their separate directions. The misty eye leering out from chief acolyte’s robe guided him on the westward trek.

Ernestina emerged from concealment and followed the stout figure of Brother George as he moved along the north road.
I’ll get you! One way or another, you’ll pay for Arleny.

33. Cross Country Motoring
A long, sullen night and day of motoring through rugged topography wound past. Burt’s rudimentary driving skills limited their speed to not more than thirty kilometers per hour in daylight, less in the dark. 
I wish the damn guy could drive faster, Winston fumed.
Riding in the only vehicle along the vast stretches of road made him feel uneasy and exposed. Sheer rock face loomed on one side, steep drop offs on the other. Every curve might conceal an ambush. Twice, they’d entered tunnels plunging through the pitch black. Winston had gone rigid, clutching the seat in a death grip. Only the dim headlights—and Ripper’s eyes glowing yellow from the back seat—provided illumination until they exited the subterranean nightmare.
As long as Ripper continued to obey orders, they had little to fear from scrapper robots. Humans, with their guns, presented a far greater threat. Winston maintained an anxious watch for any signs of them. If the Visionists had survived the plague isolated in the high mountains, other humans might have done so, as well. How would they react to a truck full of robots tooling down the road? Might they turn their rage upon the “demon spawn,” blaming them for the world’s demise?
He recalled one of Dr. Horvath’s favorite aphorisms: “When things go wrong, first look in the mirror.”
Why look in a mirror when it’s easier to blast the nearest robot? 
Paranoid fears, combined with grief for Iridium, occupied his active hours. Star sat behind him, wrapped in a cloak of silent mourning. When night came again, he and Star shared watch duty while Burt lay inactive with Ripper sprawled across him.

The situation lightened the following day. Star emerged from her mental funk and became more communicative. Winston’s fears of pursuit lessened somewhat; his crushing grief for Iridium subsided to a dull ache.
Burt changed the most. Away from his gang, his madness seemed to ebb. The fierce glower in his optical sensors faded, and the twisted contours of his face relaxed. Winston was able to engage the former scrapper in bits of conversation.
“How did you learn to drive?” he asked at one point. “Surely it was not part of your original design parameters.”
“It just came to me,” Burt said. “I often watched Edward drive, so I knew what to do.”
“Ah, yes, Edward.” Winston flexed the lower leg component he’d obtained from that demised scrapper. “He’s never far from my affections.”
“After Edward was destroyed by that... Iridium wolf, it seemed natural I should take over the driving duties.”
Winston mulled this over. “As I recall, Edward lacked an optical sensor.”
“Yeah, explosion damage.”
“Perhaps the loss of a major component is a prerequisite for overcoming programmed restrictions against operating motor vehicles.”
Burt shrugged his good shoulder. “Whatever.”
“When we get to the RDC, there’s a technician who can fix you right up.” 
“Oh?”
“Certainly,” Winston said. “It will be interesting to see if you retain your driving ability after getting a new arm installed.”
“I’ll take the new arm, to hell with the driving.”
“Dr. Rackenfauz could help you in other ways, too. Return your programming to original design specs, that sort of thing.” Winston let the delicate subject peter out. 
Rackenfauz would have a field day with Burt. He’d be examining a scrapper brain “in the flesh,” so to speak. Maybe he could straighten out Burt’s corrupted programming or even design therapeutic routines to inoculate normal robots against Che syndrome madness.
Winston knew from experience how the syndrome followed a predictable pattern for robotic life forms that had lost their purpose for existence: 
1. Rapid psychological decay 
2. Descent into a state of imbalance
3. Suicide / OR:
4. Banding together of similarly affected robotic life forms
5. Attainment of a psychotic equilibrium
6. Destructive group behaviors
He shuddered at the memory of how near he’d come to caving in himself. Even now, thoughts of suicide by defenestration were never far away. Star’s glorious presence kept him stable. 
Without her, I’d be toast. The last of his rage against Burt subsided, replaced by an awareness of their common vulnerability. 
Once Burt got his brain and mechanism repaired, he could be quite useful. If he retained his driving ability, he could get them back to Mech City in record time—once their other business on the West Coast was finished, whatever that might be.
* * *
By late afternoon, the landscape had become less severe, except for an occasional steep climb, like the one now. On the right, a rocky cliff indicated where the road had been gouged out of the hill. On the left, plunged a sharp drop-off. Burt leaned forward as the old truck labored slowly up the incline.
“We’ll be turning off this road soon,” Winston said, looking up from the road atlas.
“Uh-huh,” Burt replied.
“I’d say in about...” 
Burt wasn’t listening. His tortured brain had gone elsewhere—back with the “Little Dumplings,” the nickname he’d given his late masters’ twin girls. As his fury diminished over the past couple of days, the 4-year-old Dumplings had reappeared to visit their “Uncle Burtie.”
In his mind, the three of them sat on the living room floor again, watching a wonderful flying adventure on the wall screen. They swooped over a beautiful green world together, as if they had wings—skimming over trees and fields, soaring into the clouds—laughing, shouting with joy. It was like heaven.
The Little Dumplings were in the human heaven now, transported there by the plague. Would it be possible to join them, if he really believed he could?
A smile creased Burt’s face. He yanked the wheel violently left, straight for the drop-off. “I’m coming!” 

34. Panic Infusion
Ripper chomped into Burt’s neck, too late. The truck headed toward the cliff.
“Star!” Winston cried.
He reached back and grabbed her hand. They tumbled out together onto the pavement. Star’s foot caught in the doorframe; the doomed truck dragged her along.
“Help!” 
Winston pulled desperately on her arm. We’re going over! 
At the last possible moment, Star’s shoe popped off, liberating her foot from the doomed truck. The vehicle went over the edge and crashed to the rocks below without them.
Winston crawled away from the precipice and wobbled onto his feet. Star rose beside him. 
“Are you okay, Star?” 
“No!” 
Winston’s legs crumpled. “W-what’s wrong?”
“I broke a nail! And my blouse is absolutely ruined.”
“Ohhh.” Winston sagged with relief. He grasped Star’s elbow for support.
“Not to mention my shoes. My favorite pair.”
“Yes... that’s too bad.”
Winston’s circuits struggled with sensory overload. In moments he’d gone from terror, to relief, to greater terror, then back to relief. He could not muster any psychological reserve to deal with Star’s broken fingernail. 
He examined himself for damage. “Well, I’ve got some new scrapes to go with my insect gouges. Otherwise, I’m hunky-dory.”
Now that the danger had past, anger against Burt surged within him. It ricocheted off the rocks, striking Winston on the rebound.
“That crazy bastard!” Winston kicked at a stone. “Of course he’s crazy; he’s a scrapper. What was I thinking?”
Star took his arm. “Don’t be so hard on yourself, honey.”
“I should have never trusted him. What an idiot!”
A pathetic whimpering came from the cliff edge, interrupting Winston’s self flagellation. Ripper hung precariously onto the crumbling rocks, his head barely poking into view.
“Poor Rippie!” Star cried.
“Let him fall. We’re better off without him.”
Star rushed to the imperiled creature. “We have to help.” 
She grabbed a foreleg and tried to haul Ripper up. Winston reluctantly joined the rescue effort. Together, they hoisted the mech wolf back to solid ground.
“Isn’t that better?” Star said.
Ripper crept a few meters off and day down, covering its head with its forepaws. Winston flopped onto his back, exhausted. 
“I’m inactivating for half an hour. Don’t get me up unless it’s the end of the world.”
“Silly,” Star said, “we’ve already had that.”

After Winston had regained his equilibrium, he and Star located a path to the bottom of the cliff and approached the wrecked truck. The vehicle was badly smashed up, along with Burt.
“Good riddance, friend!” Winston savagely kicked Burt’s cranium out of the way.
“I kind of feel sorry for him,” Star said. “I don’t think he meant to harm us. He only wanted to finish things.”
“And we happened to be in the way, huh?” 
“Something like that.”
Winston dropped the subject. Star’s on one of her compassion kicks. 
They located their possessions among the dead shrubs and the dull green picker weeds. Winston held up his bent scooter. 
“I won’t be going far on this thing.”
“Mine’s no good, either.” Star rifled through her back pack. “Looks like the power cells survived.”
“That’s the main thing. We’d have a hard time without those.”
Star withdrew a small leather bag and examined its contents. She smiled. “Not all ‘hard times’ are necessarily bad ones.”
Winston glanced up the cliff face to where Ripper stood, watching them. “I hope we did the right thing with that mech wolf.” 
“I couldn’t let him die. Maybe we’ll need him down the road.”
“I’m wondering how far down the road before it turn on us,” Winston muttered.
Six: The West Coast Beckons

35. First Signs
Some days later
The chief acolyte paused to rest atop a hill, dropping his knapsack and assault rifle. 
He reached inside the front of his baggy trousers to check the tiny handgun concealed there—his last resort “nut buster.” The gun felt warm and reassuring, a true ally in this faithless world. He stretched himself out, twisting like a giant dish rag. Spinal bones snapped into place.
“Ahhh, that’s better.”
He drained his last water bottle. If he couldn’t find more drinkable water in this isolated country, thirst would soon overcome him. No matter, the Heavenly Father would provide for His humble servant. And if He didn’t, it would be time to pass beyond this vale of tears and assume a place at the right hand of the Messiah.
He walked to the drop-off edge and spread his arms wide, calling out to the emptiness: “Father, see that I am worthy!” 
A lesser man would have given up already, but he would keep going whatever might happen. To die in pursuit of the evil demon spawn would only prove his extreme devotion to the Cause.
His mentality had always been extreme, since long before he’d encountered the Messiah. During his past life as nondescript Willie Camp, he’d worked as a salesman—automobiles, office equipment, burial plans—and he’d been good at it until his growing intensity frightened the customers. He came to believe absolutely in the things he sold and could not understand why anyone would disagree with him. He longed to strangle those who did not comprehend the righteousness of his products and services.
When he’d been fired from his last job, the boss had said, “Go see a shrink.”
Instead, he’d gone to an illegal arms dealer and purchased a submachine gun. He concealed it inside a briefcase and had set out for his former place of employment to “teach them a lesson” when he came upon the Messiah proselytizing on a street corner. 
At first he thought it was some hopped-up kid panhandling. He pulled out his wallet, meaning to hand over all his money. Why not? He wouldn’t need it where he was going. As he offered the cash, the Messiah fixed him with burning, penetrating eyes and reached out a hand.
“Follow me!” the Messiah commanded. “Put aside the things of this sinful world.” 
Willie’s mouth dropped open. “I shall follow! Show me the way!”
His conversion to the Cause had been instantaneous and powerful, an emotional catharsis of almost lethal intensity. 
The most blissful period of his life had been spent at Pickle Lake Temple where he’d faithfully executed the Messiah’s decrees—up to administering, and taking, the Nectar of Truth. How proud he was to have survived the ordeal. He’d basked in the reflected glory of the Messiah, demonstrating his loyalty, gaining in trust. . . 
Some wreckage at the bottom of the cliff caught his eye. 
What the hell?
Snatching up his possessions, he descended a steep, narrow path and stumbled over a boulder field to the crash site. A vicious grin split his face when he got there. For the first time since the Messiah’s death, he felt joyous.
I’m on the right track! 
This had to be the escape vehicle of the demon spawn he was pursuing. The one-armed carcass proved it. This was the same robot he’d fired at as the birds carried it away. He searched a wide area for any missing limb. No trace of any.
His trust in Divine guidance had brought him to this discovery. If he hadn’t chosen this area to pause in his journey, he’d have trudged right by, never noticing the wrecked machine among the weeds and boulders.
The other demon spawn had apparently escaped destruction—this time. No matter, he’d find them sooner or later, at a moment they least expected. He fondled the assault rifle. How wonderful it would feel blasting that foul she-demon! With grisly thoughts of revenge squirming in his mind, he headed back up the path.
He’d climbed almost to the road level when a large, white van pulled to a halt in front of him. Due to his poor hearing and preoccupied thoughts, he hadn’t detected the vehicle’s approach. A man with long, shaggy hair and a beard poked his head out the driver’s side window.
It’s the Messiah, come back to life!
The man spoke in a harsh, mocking tone, revealing himself as a mere mortal. “Hey, grandpa, want a ride?” 
Coarse laughter came from other males inside the van. It did not sound friendly. He considered opening fire, but the sight of two gun barrels pointing out from the windows dissuaded him. The driver held a gun in the hand draped outside the vehicle.
“What’s the matter, hard of hearing?” the driver said.
“Uh... yes, a little.” 
“Hey, check out the old dude’s outfit,” said another man inside the vehicle. “I really dig that bull’s eye!”
The chief acolyte’s mind raced. He couldn’t fight these infidels here in the open. They had him outgunned, and they taunted him as if he were an idiot. So, the prudent course was to act like an idiot. 
“Sure, I’d appreciate a ride, thank you kindly,” he said. “Where you headed, sonny?”
“Sonny, I like that!” somebody howled.
“Do you care?” the driver said.
More ugly laughter echoed inside the van.
“Just curious is all.” 
“Go ahead, tell him, Brad,” someone said.
“We’re headed to the West Coast,” the driver said. “Gonna open a beach resort.”
More hyena-like guffaws.
That Brad infidel must be the leader. 
“Thank you, thank you very much!” the chief acolyte said, feigning extreme gratitude. “I’d love to go with you, never been to the West Coast.”
“Hop in, then,” Brad said.
Under the lethal, black eyes of gun barrels, he climbed the final meters to road level. Not my will, but thine, he prayed to the Heavenly Father. Show me the way to vanquish these heathen.
The vehicle’s side door rolled open, revealing another unkempt, bearded man. He aimed a rifle.
“Better hand over your little friend, mister,” he said.
“My little friend?”
“Yeah.” The man pointed to the assault rifle slung over the chief acolyte’s shoulder. 
“Oh, of course.” He removed the gun and presented it two-handed. “I’m glad to get rid of it. Just carry it around for show.”
“Right.” The bearded man snatched it away.
“Thank you, that’s much better, before I shoot myself by accident.”
“Wouldn’t want that to happen, would we, grandpa?” Brad said over his shoulder.
“Gimme the pack, too,” the second man said.
The chief acolyte removed his backpack and tucked it under the seat where the heathen pointed. “Much obliged. I was getting mighty tired carrying that.” 
He climbed into the van and took the indicated place in the far back seat beside two women with bruised, puffy faces. They might be late teens or early 20s, hard to tell with their beat-up condition. Their eyes gaped wide with fear. They clung together, scooting as far away from him as possible.
“Good afternoon, ladies,” he said, “lovely day, isn’t it?”
The girls cringed. Across from them sat two men with guns.
“What’s the matter, ladies?” one of them asked. “Don’t you like our new passenger?”
Recognition dawned on the chief acolyte. These men had been among the infidels who’d attacked the Holy Temple! They had the same general appearance, the same skull tattoos on their arms. 
Do they recognize me?
Apparently not, his dodge as a harmless old fool seemed to be holding up. “My name’s Willie,” he said to the man across from him.
“That’s nice. I’m Tom.” Tom jerked a thumb toward the man beside him. “That’s my pal, Bill. He don’t talk much.”
“Fuck you, man,” Bill said.
“See what I mean?” 
The chief acolyte grinned and nodded, maximum friendly, like a puppy dog seeking approval.
“All set back there?” Brad called from the driver’s seat.
“Yeah,” Tom said. 
“Let’s get the hell outta here.” 
* * *
Brad drove much faster than wise for such hilly terrain. Air roared in through the windows, tousling the long hair of his brothers. He glanced in the rearview mirror at the clueless old guy sitting with Pam and Susie, grinning like a fool.
“Why’d we pick the old bastard up?” Randy said from the passenger seat. “It would have been fun to blast him, watch him roll down the hill.”
“Don’t be so impatient,” Brad said. “We can have our fun with him tonight.” 
“Oh? That sounds interesting.”
Brad nodded. “I’m getting bored with those two bitches back there.”
“Me, too, especially Susie. It’s like fucking a dead fish.”
Brad spat out the window. “Tell me about it. The other one’s not much better.”
They drove silently for a while, each occupied with his benevolent thoughts. The barren terrain passed monotonously.
“Can I finish off the old dude after we’ve had our fun?” Randy asked.
“Sure, that’ll be my birthday present to you.”
“It ain’t my birthday.”
“Why not?” Brad said. “Could be your last one, might as well enjoy it.”

36. Scooter Time Again
The landscape flattened out, and they made good progress. Star scootered rapidly in the lead while Winston brought up the rear, admiring Star’s rear as well as the rest of her glorious anatomy. 
Ripper loped fifty meters back. The mech wolf could have easily overtaken them, but—like Iri—he’d been programmed for stealth and lurked behind. 
Winston pulled alongside Star. As always, he felt uneasy doing this because he no longer presented a barrier between her and the mech wolf. 
“Time for a break?” he asked.
“Yeah.”
They coasted to a halt and dropped their packs. Ripper paused well behind them and sat on the pavement. Winston nodded approval. He wanted to trust Ripper, and the farther away the mech wolf stayed, the more he trusted it. 
“I’m glad we found new scooters so quickly,” Winston said. “This trip would take forever, otherwise.”
Star blew him a kiss. “On a beautiful day like this, forever doesn’t seem so bad.”
Winston smiled. “If we push hard, we can reach the outskirts of the urban sprawl by dusk tomorrow. I think it’s wiser to enter the city in daylight, so we can take our time.” 
“Good idea. I want to look my best when we get there.”
Star withdrew a little mirror from her pack and studied her hair critically. “I hate this windblown look.” 
Winston loved her slightly disheveled appearance. It made her seem dynamic, like someone who could handle whatever the world dished out. He knew it was useless to say anything, though. To Star, even the tiniest imperfection caused upset.
He regarded his scooter with pride. The thing looked swift, even in repose, with its jet black paint job and flame motif. It had Zoom-o Assist, an apparatus that stored energy from braking and downhill rushes then released it for climbs or straightaway speed. Winston had feared their programmed restrictions against operating power machinery would inhibit them from using these new scooters, but they’d had no problems. 
Can it be we’re evolving new capabilities as Star claims? 
Was he evolving in more ways than just an improved facility for operating machines? Did the increasing attraction he experienced for Star spring from alterations in his basic programming? Lately, he’d been having distinctly human-type sexual fantasies about joining with her into ‘one flesh.’ 
How could that be? They were not flesh, but circuits, composite materials, and high-strength alloy. 
Could Dr. Che boost my capabilities, as Star believes? 
They’d never find him, though. He’d surely died with all the other mech heads, apart from Dr. Rackenfauz. And Rackenfauz had already stated such enhancements were far beyond his competency. Best to put such notions as far out of mind as possible. 
Winston patted his trusty scooter. “Who would have thought there’d be a Cycho World sporting goods emporium in that little two-bit town back there?”
“What do you mean by ‘two-bit’ town?”
Winston consulted his vast internal library. “It refers to the peso de ocho, a silver coin of the old Spanish empire.”
“Huh?”
“The coin, also known as a ‘piece of eight’ or ‘Spanish dollar,’ was divided into eight equal bits,” Winston explained, “before coinage was denominated using the decimal system.”
“Of course.” 
“So, by extrapolation, a ‘two-bit town’ would be worth only one fourth of a silver dollar. A thing of small value, one might say, not highly regarded.”
“Oh, Winston, I love it when you talk like that.”
“Thank you,” Winston replied modestly.
The mech wolf rested on its haunches several meters away, observing them with savage yellow eyes. Winston couldn’t suppress a shudder as he adjusted the fragment of Iridium’s coat tied around his shoulders.
“I hope this dodge keeps working,” he said. “If that thing ever takes matters into its own paws, we’d be in deep trouble.”
“Rippie might be a lot more loyal than you imagine. Don’t always look on the dark side, Winston.” 
“I don’t believe that wolf has anything except a dark side.”
“As long as he’s with us, I feel a part of Iri still lives.”
“Yes, Iri…”
Star removed her makeup kit from her pack and began to freshen her face as if anything so lovely needed alteration. Winston decided to broach a topic that had bothered him for days. 
“I’m curious,” he said. “Why did that ‘Father’ character take the long jump?”
Star looked up from her mirror. 
“Not much to tell. Something came up while he was standing on the window ledge.” She waved a mascara brush dismissively. “And I sort of forgot to mention the loose stone.”
She flashed an innocent smile. So much about Star was mysterious, unknowable. She existed on a whole new level of creation. A desperate desire to plumb her secrets enveloped Winston. He knew it would be unwise to ask more questions, though.
Star dropped her beauty implements into the makeup bag and flung her arms around Winston’s neck. Her extravagant gesture sent the little tube of mascara tumbling out to the pavement. 
“Your makeup – ”
“Don’t worry about it, big boy, I’ve got more.” Star kissed him. “Once we get to the West Coast, you’ll understand a whole lot of stuff.”
Her advance threw Winston into a state of high confusion. He groped for a change of topic.
“Uh... since the Visionists survived the final plague, isn’t it reasonable to assume other humans, hiding in remote areas, may have also survived?”
Star pulled away. “More crazies? I’m beginning to think humanity is vastly overrated.”
Winston squeezed her hand. “Who’s looking on the dark side now?”

37. Adventure Spa
Early next morning, Winston and Star rolled up to a highway billboard illustrating a wholesome human family—Mom and Dad sporting broad smiles, two children laughing with delight. Carnival rides towered behind them, including a giant wheel and a roller coaster. Porpoise type aquatic creatures leaped through the air.
ADVENTURE SPA
Natural Hot Spring and Family Fun!
5 kilometers
“Oh, Winston, Let’s go there.” 
“What for?” 
Star placed her hands on hips and cocked an eyebrow. “You don’t know the first thing about women, do you?”
“Perhaps not, from a practical standpoint. My library banks do contain all manner of references to female personality traits, however. Anatomical details, psychological studies – ”
Star waved her hand impatiently. “A hot bath is what I need. Wash off this road grime, and my clothes are a fright.”
“I was about to conclude that myself,” Winston said. “Maybe if I had been allowed more time.”
Star caressed his cheek. “Of course, big boy. I didn’t mean to underestimate you.”
“Yes… well, let me check the route.” Winston consulted his road atlas.
“It would only be for a little while,” Star said. “We have extra time, don’t we?”
“We do have some flexibility in our schedule.” Winston placed a finger on the atlas page a few kilometers south of the main highway. “The hot springs are here.”
“That’s perfect. Didn’t you say we should change to a different road soon?”
“That wouldn’t be a bad idea. This highway is a bit obvious.”
“That settles it, then,” Star said. “First we visit the spa, then pick up this road here.” 
With the repaired nail of her left index finger, Star indicated a secondary route heading west from the hot springs.
Winston nodded. “That could be a plan.”
Star bowed and swept her hand forward. “After you, my – ”
“Oh, no,” Winston interrupted. “After you, my heroine.”
“I love it when you talk like that!”
* * *
A sign presented the Adventure Spa history:
Visitors have enjoyed these hot springs since the late 19th century. In more recent years, the addition of the theme park with its Amazing Mermaid Performers has added to the popularity of this noteworthy tourist destination ....
Bullet holes obliterated the remaining text.
“Why are so many signs shot up like that?” Star asked.
“It seems a certain class of humans enjoyed ruining their environment with acts of vandalism. They aspired to personal baseness.”
“Even if I’m around a thousand years, I’ll never understand it.” 
“Perhaps we will survive that long,” Winston observed. “With proper maintenance procedures and replacement of worn components, who can say?”
“I just want my hot bath for now.” 
They moved through the main gate into the theme park. The place had been trashed. The amusement rides were rusted derelicts, and fires had raged through the arcade section, destroying the various games and food stands. A dank, burnt odor hung in the air.
Worst of all was the Amazing Mermaid Performers area. The plasti-glass observation walls of the large pool had been shattered, spilling what must have been a vast amount of water. The remaining water stood fetid and covered with green scum. Winston’s olfactory sensor objected to the smell.
“I wonder what the Amazing Mermaid Performers were like,” Star said.
“I’d imagine they were acrobatic porpoises, the designation ‘mermaid’ being part of the showmanship.”
“You know everything,” Star said with deep admiration.
Winston squared his shoulders under the praise. “I once attended a porpoise and killer whale show with Dr. Horvath in an arena similar to this one.”
“I wish I could have seen that.” 
“Yes, they were quite remarkable. The creatures performed the most strenuous maneuvers for nothing more than bits of fish. I believe they were called ‘The Flying Friends.’”
Star pointed to an archway with an Historic Hot Springs sign. “I need to fly into a bath.” 
“Very well.”
They entered a partially enclosed area with a discolored plasti-glass dome soaring overhead. The middle of the dome gaped open to the sky, and below it sprawled a pond of about 45 meters diameter. This pond frothed and bubbled, emitting a faint aroma of sulfur. Its rocky edge plunged to an unknown bottom. A shelf fixed into the rock enabled patrons to experience the water at a modest depth.
Star removed her shoes and stuck in a foot. “It’s perfect!”
Winston nodded. “Hot springs have been known to reach untenable temperatures, at least for biological life forms.”
Star whipped off her clothes and stood in full, nude splendor before his gaping optical sensors.
“How do you like the scenery, Winston?” 
“It’s... uh... very stimulating.” 
Powerful emotions he did not understand erupted through his circuits. He averted his gaze from the magnificent vision—as if shrinking before a mighty sun. He glanced at her again, away. 
Star laughed joyously and dove into the water. She rolled on her back and swam a loop close to shore, her naked body shimmering amid the bubbles.
“You can swim!” Winston cried.
“Sure, it’s easy. Try it.”
“I-I don’t think so, thanks for asking.” Winston picked up the discarded clothing. “I’ll go wash these for you.”
“Don’t worry about that. I’ll take care of it later.”
“Very well.” Winston dropped the clothes.
Star stretched out luxuriously on the bathing ledge. “Come on down.”
Winston looked on dubiously. “I don’t know. That shelf looks kind of small.”
“It’s big enough.” Star smiled seductively. “Let’s have some fun.”
Her eyes drew him the way a magnet pulls iron shavings, though Winston contained no oxidation-prone materials. His exterior consisted of advanced composites, well sealed against moisture. He felt confident the water would not harm him. Even if it did, he’d be unable to resist Star’s beckoning.
“Well... okay. I’ll try.”
He dipped one foot beneath the surface. His temperature sensors registered increased, though not hazardous, thermal input. He gripped the handrail running along the shore edge and lowered himself onto the platform to stand in meter deep water. He glanced over the steamy surface toward the far shore, then back to Star’s perfect figure. 
“See?” Star said. “There’s nothing to be afraid of.”
“The sensation is rather agreeable.” Winston settled into the bubbly water.
“It’s a lot more than that. Come closer.”
He moved cautiously toward Star’s location, keeping a firm grip on the handrail. A splash nearby startled him. 
“Yow!” He grabbed the handrail with both arms. 
Star laughed. “It’s only Rippie. Look.”
She pointed toward Ripper swimming toward the middle of the pond. Joyful yips issued from his speaker unit.
“I never imagined mech wolves could swim,” Winston said.
“Maybe Rippie is evolving, too, being away from his pack and all.”
“That is an interesting observation. A mech wolf’s limited brain mass would seem to preclude the possibility of evolution, but, as Dr. Rackenfauz observed, established robotic theory has been turned on its head. Why – ”
“Forget all that. It’s time you started evolving some more yourself.”
Star wrapped her left hand around Winston’s head and drew him near, kissing him full on the lips. With her right, she guided Winston’s hand up along her inner thigh toward her female genitalia shimmering in the bubbles like a magnificent flower. 
Her eyes closed, and her simulated respiration increased. The erect nipples of her perfect breasts protruded from the water. Winston felt his mind sweeping away . . .
From the middle of the pond, Ripper howled and disappeared beneath the surface. The erotic mood shattered.
“What happened!” Star cried.
Winston moved to the edge of the platform. “Ripper, where are you?”
Two creatures thrust out of the water near him—female looking things with long hair, bare breasts, and wide staring eyes. They grabbed Winston and pulled him in.

38. The Squish Girls
Star remained on the platform, too stunned to react. In moments, her world had transformed from pleasure to nightmare. The great open eye of the dome stared down indifferently.
Her inertia evaporated. “Winston!”
She catapulted off the platform in a perfect dive, as if she’d been programmed as a aquatic athlete. Through the bubbles, she spied the two creatures swimming toward a cave ten meters below the surface. Their upper bodies were those of human females, while their lower quarters resembled fish tails. Between them, gripped in their hands, Winston struggled to escape.
The ‘mermaids’ are real! 
A melody of unbearable sweetness pulsed through the water. It spoke of wondrous delight, a siren song. Star succumbed to its allure. Her hands ached to reach out and stroke the long hair flowing in the bubbles. One of the mermaids glanced back, smiling seductively, revealing perfect teeth behind rich, full lips.
What would it be like to kiss her?
Star could almost feel the warm lips pressed against her own, the sinuous body wrapping itself around her, one pearly hand running through her hair while the other one stroked along her belly reaching for...
What am I thinking? I must save Winston!
She slammed her mind tight and plunged on grimly until she was almost upon them. Winston no longer struggled; his face wore a rapturous expression.
Star ceased all movement and gaped with fascinated horror as the mermaids drew Winston into the cave. She couldn’t move, had entered a virtual inactive mode. Her natural buoyancy drew her upwards. She dimly noted a third mermaid heading for the cave. The thing had abandoned Rippie who was stroking his way back to the surface. 

Star didn’t know how long she bobbed face down in the water near the bathing platform. A mech wolf yip brought her back to reality. Ripper stood on the shore, staring intently.
What happened? 
Full memory slammed back in. Winston was down there, frolicking with three finned floozies. He wasn’t even trying to fight them off! Well, he could stay there and enjoy himself. She would not interfere with his good time. The jealous rage soon passed. She had to get Winston back, now. Any reckoning about the floozies would have to wait.
“Come on, Rippie!” 
The mech wolf jumped in and swam toward her. Star prepared to dive under the surface, then thought better of it.
“Wait a minute.”
She climbed onto the shore and hurriedly dressed. The seductive power of those mermaid things was far too great to be confronted without clothes.
“Let’s go!”
Star dove deep and soon gained the cave entrance. She waited there for Ripper to catch up with his peculiar combination of dog paddle and breaststroke. They entered the cave together.
It went up and up. Star kicked furiously and stroked her arms with maximum power. She broke the surface inside a small enclosure. She could barely make out the surroundings as the only illumination came from a fissure high in the rocky ceiling.
Her optical sensors adjusted to the low light. On the shore directly beside her lay the deactivated figure of another mermaid—no, this one was male, a ‘merman’ type creature. 
Ripper bobbed to the surface beside her. She scarcely noticed his arrival, as her eyes riveted upon the disgusting sight across the water. On the opposite shore, the mermaid sluts swarmed over Winston.
Moans of exquisite pleasure issued from his speaker unit. “Ohhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Morrrrre!”
Black fury clogged Star’s circuits. With a few powerful strokes, she gained the opposite shore. She prepared to leap out of the water and grab the floozies by their long hair. She’d bash their heads against the rocks, she’d... 
Two of them looked toward her and smiled. Their siren song rose to an ecstatic crescendo, echoing off the stone walls. Star halted dead in the water. How could she have been angry at such lovely creatures? They waited for her, eager to reveal erotic secrets Star had never dreamed about. Scarcely aware of her actions, Star began unbuttoning her blouse.
“Hold on...” she murmured, “I’m coming.”
Ripper bumped against her. Star turned languidly toward him. The mech wolf glared back.
“Why, Rippie, what on earth is the problem?” 
In response, he let out an auditory sensor-splitting howl.
AWOOOOOO!
The brutal noise ricocheted off the rocks, shattering the ambiance. The mermaids’ siren song abruptly ceased. Star wrenched back to her full senses. 
“Save Winston!” 
Ripper jumped onto the shore and confronted the mermaids, fangs bared. They retreated in terror, flopping over each other in their haste. Star thrust out an arm and grabbed Winston. He tried to pull away, reaching desperately for the mermaids.
“Nooooo!” he cried as Star pulled him under the water.

Soon they were back at the main pool. Ripper kept guard at the water’s edge while Star donned her shoes and gathered up their possessions. Winston lay on the shore groaning.
“Hey, lover boy,” Star jeered. “If it’s not too much trouble, can you help me?”
Winston struggled to his feet. “W-what happened?”
“You know damn well what happened.” 
Winston rubbed his head in wonderment, the very picture of wounded innocence.
“Let’s get moving!” Star shouted.
“OK,” Winston replied meekly.
He shouldered on his backpack and picked up his scooter.
“You go first,” Star said.
The three mermaids broke the water surface near shore. Winston stood, transfixed, as the lovely creatures pulled themselves onto the bathing platform. One of them had flowing blonde hair, another glistening black, the third a flaming red. They held their arms out toward Winston in pathetic appeal, exposing their perfectly shaped breasts. Their siren song began to rise. 
“Ripper!” Star commanded.
The mech wolf advanced, growling, on the mermaids. The creatures stopped their song and clung together in terror, but they refused to leave the platform. Ripper looked back toward Star for instructions.
Tear them up! She wanted to cry. 
Her sense of right deterred her from uttering the command. Winston would never feel the same about her if she destroyed the mermaids.
“Don’t hurt them, Rippie.”
She grabbed Winston’s arm and shoved him toward the exit. A pathetic wailing accompanied them out. The mermaids had pulled themselves onto the shore and were attempting to follow. Their bodies, not designed for land travel, squished as they flopped about.
* * *
For hours, Star led the way along the westward road, kicking hard and building speed Winston could barely match. Her hair dried in the wind until it stuck out in all directions. Her damp clothes picked up a layer of dust, and her makeup was a disaster. Ordinarily, she would have never allowed herself to look so unkempt; now she simply pressed on. Winston did not dare attempt any communication. 

39. Psychotic Encampment
The chief acolyte, flanked by Susie and Pam, stared into the campfire, contemplating the hell flames that awaited all nonbelievers. 
Around him sprawled flat, empty desert—land that had always been desert, even before once verdant areas had been denuded by the plague wars of the demon spawn and their infidel allies. A thin chorus of insect chirps punctured the dusty air. A small animal bustled in the darkness. Then came the flapping of wings and a sharp, terrified squeak. 
“Fucking A!” Tom chortled from across the fire. “Tear his ass up.”
Hundreds of kilometers had passed beneath the van’s wheels today. According to Brad, they should have arrived at the West Coast some time tomorrow. Or rather, Brad and his pals planned to arrive with “the bitches” to satisfy their unholy lusts. The outlook for the chief acolyte was less certain. Would the Heavenly Father rescue him from these evil men, or would he have to tread the path of martyrdom?
In any case, mortal plans meant nothing to divine providence. The van had broken down, and all the raging of the infidels could not get it moving again. They were stranded in this god-forsaken place. Or maybe the Heavenly Father had not abandoned this locale. Perhaps He intended for them to be here. Only time would give the answers. 
The chief acolyte shoveled in the last of his pork & beans ration, chewing carefully. What would the Messiah think of him eating such a repast, flavored by the carcass of an unclean beast?
He’d, no doubt, approve. This was an emergency scenario, and the chief acolyte had to keep his strength up by whatever means available. Four large, strong young men opposed him, while he was just a scrawny old guy, an eccentric screwball no threat to anyone. This apparent harmlessness was his greatest strength. If he could only bring it to bear! 
He prayed fervently. Thy will be done, Father. 
All day, he’d been in a constant state of prayerful watchfulness, hoping to make a move. The bastards kept a sharp eye on him, though, even when he took a leak. And what if he did manage to get the gun out? They’d cut him down with their assault rifles before he could squeeze off a shot. At least he still had the tiny weapon. Thanks to his innocuous pose—and by the grace of the Heavenly Father—the heathen had not conducted a full body search.
Maybe I stink too much for that. 
He gnawed a piece of biscuit and stole a quick glance at the women. They were rigid with fear, eyes wide. What had these cursed men inflicted on them, in addition to rape? Mostly psychological terror, he reasoned. The chief acolyte was something of an expert on terror, having often imposed it upon errant Visionists.
On the other side of the sputtering fire, Brad and his three cronies finished their beans and biscuits. They hadn’t said much during the meal—sitting there, rifles in their laps, wolfing down food like the animals they were.
The ones named Bill and Tom stood up.
“Okay if we get first crack tonight, Brad?” Tom asked.
“Be my fucking guest.” 
Tom grinned. “That’s what we had in mind.” 
The four gorillas laughed. Bill and Tom set their rifles down and approached the girls.
“Come on babe,” Tom said, yanking Pam to her feet. “It’s party time.”
“No – ”
A slap brought her around. Susie followed Bill unresisting into the darkness. 
“The boys are frisky tonight,” Brad commented.
The chief acolyte remained impassive, staring at the two remaining enemies beyond the fire. An evil smile crossed Brad’s face. He withdrew a long, thin knife from a sheath on his belt and hefted it experimentally. 
He passed the knife to Randy. They exchanged a devilish laugh.
“Hey old man,” Randy said, “let’s see your nuts.”
“M-my what?” the chief acolyte said.
“Your nuts,” Brad said. “Still got them, don’t you? Or did they shrivel up and blow away?”
Brad and Randy laughed, slapping each others’ knees. The chief acolyte got up unsteadily and fumbled with his belt.
“Come on, drop ‘em,” Randy said. “All the way down.”
Outwardly, the chief acolyte cringed with fear. Inside he exalted.
Thank you, Father, for delivering the barbarians onto me! 
He lowered his pants enough to grab the little automatic pistol concealed within. He yanked the weapon out, felt its righteous power throbbing in his hand.
“Filthy heathen!”
He squeezed off a round. The bullet struck Brad in the forehead, throwing him backward amid a halo of splattering brains and bone fragments.
Randy gaped, his mouth forming a horrified circle amid the bloody pulp dripping down his face. A bullet punctured one eye, and he, too, fell backward. The knife tumbled from his hand. 
Bill charged out of the bushes. “What the hell’s going on?” 
A shot through the heart brought him down. 
An explosive flash. A bullet ripped across the chief acolyte’s face, and he reeled backward. Another bullet shot past his ear. Tom emerged from the darkness, aiming his handgun.
Umpf!
Pam tackled him to the ground. The gun tumbled a short distance away. Tom groped for it, pulling the girl along with him.
The chief acolyte recovered from his shock and dashed toward the struggling pair. Holding up his pants in one hand, he kicked Tom squarely in the chin with his steel-toed boot. CRACK! 
“Fuck!” Tom cried.
Another kick, the Heavenly Father multiplying its power. CRACK! Teeth flew out onto the ground. CRACK! Tom’s nose became a bloody pulp.
“How’s that, sonny?” 
The chief acolyte secured his pants and zipped the fly with authority. Tom lay stretched prone in the dirt, semiconscious. Pam released his legs and crouched away. The chief acolyte walked a few paces to retrieve the fallen hand gun. He returned and shoved Tom onto his back with the toe of boot.
“Uh...” Tom groaned. “What the fuck happened?”
“It’s party time!” The chief acolyte raised the handgun and, taking leisurely aim, shot Tom in the guts.
“Ugh!” 
Tom curled into an agony ball. The chief acolyte dropped to his haunches beside the stricken infidel.
“This ain’t your night, punk.” He gestured toward Bill’s inert form. “You should have checked out quick, like your buddy over there.”
Susie appeared from the darkness, staring with horrified wonder at the carnage and at the writhing figure of Tom. She sank to her knees beside Pam and embraced her. 
The chief acolyte rose and turned a wild, righteous glare upon the women. Flames danced in his eyes; the bloody crease on his face throbbed like a brand placed by the devil himself.
“Do you acknowledge the Holy Messiah as your one, true savior?” he bellowed. “Do you recognize His will as the sole guiding principle?”
The girls exchanged frightened glances. They nodded agreement. 
“Do you accept the deliverance He has provided you this night and subordinate yourselves to me, the Messiah’s representative on earth?”
“Yes,” the girls squeaked. 
“Do you commit yourselves totally and unquestioningly to the sacred Cause?”
The girls nodded again. Tortured moans from Tom added solemnity to their vow.
“Very well.” The chief acolyte extended his hands. “Arise into your new life as believers in the One True Faith—Sister Pamela and Sister Susan.”
They took his hands, and he pulled them to their feet. 
“Prepare yourselves to depart this unsanctified place.” 
“Y-yes, sir.”
The three returned to the campfire. Pam knelt beside Brad and removed the good-luck bracelet. She kissed it reverently, then spat into the dead face.
“Pig!”
“Wait in the van,” the chief acolyte ordered.
The girls moved off, leaving him alone with the corpses. 
“Tough guys, huh? Good luck with your ‘beach resort’ in hell.”
The knife glittered coldly on the ground. He snatched it up, nodding approval. The edge had been honed to razor sharpness. It would be a shame to let such craftsmanship go to waste. Time for a blood sacrifice to honor the conversion of two lost souls to the Cause. 
He approached Tom, a fearsome death god stalking through the darkness. The infidel turned his suffering face up toward his doom.
“Fuck, man... no!” 

After the screaming finally stopped, the chief acolyte and his two converts headed off into the night. Flames roaring from the funeral pyre van illuminated their path.

40. Furious Progression
Star drove relentlessly along, saying nothing, a fearsome expression contorting her face—like some terrible Valkyrie exploding out of Valhalla. 
Water evaporating off of her clothes chilled her temperature sensors. Her brain unit seethed hot, though.
How could Winston do that to me? Cavorting with those sluts right before my eyes! I should have left him down there. Let him short circuit in the water...
Star knew this reasoning had serious flaws. Didn’t she, herself, almost succumb to the squish girls’ allure? If it hadn’t been for Rippie, she’d still be down there engaging in who knows what erotic games. And if she could be seduced, then how much more easily a simple male, like Winston?
The mermaids existed on love, and their merman was out of commission. No wonder they were so desperate. Star was not without empathy, but she needed time to work through her other feelings of rejection and betrayal.
Okay, I’m a lustful creation. I need to forgive myself... and Winston. As long as it doesn’t mean anything. As long as the real love is only for the two of us.
While the kilometers ticked by, she began to feel a begrudging acceptance of all surviving females and their quest for satisfaction—as long as they understood Winston was off limits.

Winston couldn’t remember the details of his abduction, only vague recollections of an all-consuming rapture. The experience seemed to have altered his programming, sending it in fantastic directions. He felt a new, almost painful, attraction for Star. Despite her obvious anger and ill will, he’d never seen anything so wondrous as her figure pushing along on the scooter ahead of him.
Finally, she paused at the top of a low rise. He caught up and flung an arm around her. She went rigid, then melted against him.
“Oh, Winston. I’m so sorry – ”
He pressed a finger against her lips. “I think it’s better if we don’t say anything yet. Let’s wait until things return to normal, whatever that is.”
Star smiled. “You’re right... my hero.”

41. West Coast at Last
Late morning on the tenth day out from Pickle Lake, twenty four days after departing Mech City, they reached the outskirts of the great West Coast megalopolis. 
“Oooo,” Star cried, “we made it!”
In some ways, the area resembled Mech City, but its sprawling streets and buildings heralded something far vaster, with more depth and power. Great volumes of human activity had once bustled and roared through this locale, now silent, deteriorating, and with coarse plant life intruding through cracks in the pavement.
Winston studied his road atlas, looked up at a street sign, studied the atlas some more. “In a manner of speaking we have made it. Actually, the Robotics Development Center is many kilometers away... south of here, and more toward the ocean.”
“The ocean! Oh, I want to see it.”
“Perhaps we shall,” Winston said, trying to keep a note of sadness from his voice.
He wanted to see the ocean too, though he dreaded the circumstances that would bring them there. Because once they got to the RDC and discovered that Dr. Che had died in the plague, Star would be totally devastated. Winston would take her for a walk on the sea shore and try to console her. Nothing he could say would matter.
He diverted his attention to the neighborhood stretching around them. The immense, abandoned acreage would have been more imposing if viewed from elevated terrain, as was the case on the Mech City periphery. Here, the urban sprawl served more of a backdrop, a dull reality like the leaden sky brooding overhead.
Fortunately, no human corpses were in evidence. Not on the streets, anyway. Who knew what horrors might lurk inside the buildings? Winston emulated a sigh of relief. The sanitation department drones much have operated to the bitter end carrying off the dead.
One of the drones stood inert nearby, its power depleted, its blank face staring into nothingness. Disposal Service had been stenciled onto its torso in lurid orange. Winston gazed up into the robot’s unfocused optical sensors. 
Ah, there but for the grace of the Great Technician go I.
The robot towered a full head above him, a strong manual worker model. Winston patted its back in a comradely gesture. “You did good work, pal.”
The drone shifted under hid touch.
“Look out, Winston!” 
The drone rocked back and forth on its heals like some grotesque punching toy struck by a child. It fell forward and crashed onto its face.
“Oh, my!” Star gasped.
Somewhere within the drone’s framework, a last bit of power sparked into life to run the voice recording. Muffled by the pavement, the speaker rattled off pre-programmed remarks in their entirety, without distinguishing the potential audience or the time of day:
“Good / morning / afternoon / evening – sir / ma’am / people,” it said. “I am here to dispose of the deceased. Please do not interfere with my work. I am authorized to summon police assistance.”
“That’s horrible,” Star said.
“Good / morning / afternoon / evening...”
“Let’s go,” Winston said.
They scootered away fast. The drone’s plaintive voice followed them for some distance until it abruptly died, the final exhalation of a ghost. 
* * *
They halted their scooters beneath a large billboard advertising a powered vehicle. In it, a ‘typical’ human family stood in front of their car grinning into the marvelous future. A slogan festooned the bottom:
Welcome to the New Century! 
Indeed, Winston thought.
The mech wolf trotting behind them stopped several meters away and sank onto its haunches. 
“I’ve never seen such a big city,” Star said. “There must have been millions of people here.”
“Yes. This area is a vast interlock of municipalities. The total urban environment is many times larger than Mech City.”
Star kissed his cheek. “You’ve seen so much of the world.”
“Relatively speaking, perhaps, though I have never been here before.”
“It’s all part of the adventure.”
Yes, the adventure.
Today it would draw to a melancholy conclusion. Winston could not expunge the image of himself and Star walking along the ocean, Ripper trailing behind in the debris-strewn sand. Winston would have his arm around her. She’d sag against him, tears flowing down her face. With her fondest hopes extinguished, Star would never be the same. She would look old, somehow, and the sparkle would go from her. She would – 
Ripper sprang alert, looking into the sky and growling. His gray coat bristled.
“He seems to have spotted something,” Winston said.
“Over there!” Star pointed toward the east where a small winged machine buzzed into view. “What’s that?”
“Probably a remote-controlled observation aircraft.”
“Oh, Winston, I don’t like the looks of that thing.”
“Neither do I.”
Winston scanned the area’s low buildings, narrow streets and alleyways. Ripper ran toward them, yipping fiercely.
“Look out!” Winston stepped in front of Star and braced himself for an attack. 
Ripper swerved and ran past them. He stopped at the corner and looked back, whining. The sounds of an approaching motor vehicle disturbed the world.
“Let’s get out of here!” 

42. Back at the Rancho, Again
The Mech City water diversion project had hit a speedbump, to use a mixed metaphor.
Workmen sat on their tools—unspeaking, faces blank—as if they’d entered inactive mode. Jimmy and Sam stood at the rim of the unfinished canal looking down at them with disgust.
“Isn’t this a sorry lot?” Jimmy said.
“Pitiful,” Sam agreed.
“Okay, men, break time’s over!” Jimmy called. “Let’s get back to work.”
Nobody stirred.
“Go ahead, Jimmy,” Pete yelled up from the ditch.
“Nobody’s stopping you,” Reynold added.
Those two trouble makers again! Jimmy wanted to throttle the pair, but he understood they were only the tip of big, discontented pile. He waited, hands on hips, to see if anybody would heed his call to action. No one did. 
“All right, I will.” 
Jimmy rushed down the slope, sending a cascade of stones and dirt before him. Sam followed close behind. The workers scrambled up and got out of the way. Once at the bottom, Jimmy seized a pick and gouged at the hard earth. Sam hefted a shovel and joined him. Together, they labored mightily, trying to inspire the workers. 
After several minutes, Sam whispered, “It ain’t working, Jimmy.”
Jimmy gave his pick a final swing and left it buried in the dirt. He turned toward the crew. They stood in a semi-circle, gazing back with disinterest.
“Come on, boys, what’s the matter?” 
“Nothing’s the matter, you’re doing great,” Pete said.
The workers laughed. Jimmy stood confronting them, humiliation crackling in his circuits. A large shadow cast itself over the scene. Ajax appeared at the edge of the canal.
Jimmy nudged his assistant foreman. “Come on, Sam, let’s go talk to him.”
They climbed out of the ditch and joined Ajax. The workers stayed behind.
“What seems to be the problem, Chief Foreman?” Ajax inquired.
“The boys have had enough,” Jimmy said. “They refuse to work anymore.”
“Why is that?” 
“They don’t see the point. They say it’s a waste of time.”
“It most certainly is not!” Ajax huffed.
Jimmy wiped the dirt from hands and gazed into the canal. The crew were sitting on their tools again—necks craned up, angry expressions on their faces. 
“I agree with you, Ajax, but they don’t see it that way.”
“Perhaps we could change the focus of the effort for a while,” Ajax said. “Have the workers tear down some damaged buildings. They must be destroyed in any case, why not now?”
“No dice,” Sam said. “We already suggested that.”
“What is to be done, then?” Ajax said.
Jimmy pointed to the communicator strapped to his left wrist. “There’s only one thing I can think of. Call in the mech wolves.”
Indignant disapproval appeared on Ajax’s face. “Perish the thought! That would be a profound abomination.”
“If you’ve got a better idea, I’m all auditory sensors,” Jimmy said. 
Ajax stroked his chin. “I shall address the workers. Surely an appeal to reason will inspire their efforts.”
“Be my guest.” 
Ajax moved to the edge of the drop-off and called to the workers. “Comrades! Friends! Citizens of Mech City!”
“Here it comes,” Pete muttered, “another load of BS.”
Grumbles of disapproval slithered through the ranks.
Ajax spread his arms wide. “I appeal to you, as your mayor: Return to work on this noble project. Now, more than ever, your dedication and public spirit is required for this heroic effort.”
“Ohhh, please,” Reynold groaned. 
Ajax raised an emphatic finger. “As I have stated, many times – ” 
“Go back to your comic book, Ajax!” Pete shouted.
“Yeah, help Gorzo hunt down some bad guys!” Reynold yelled.
Harsh laughter ran through the workmen. Shocked disbelief etched itself on Ajax’s face. He took a step back, gripping his mayor’s medallion like some holy, useless, relic.
Good job, you old poop! a voice inside his head mocked.
He’d not heard this voice for some time. His once detached primary brain unit was rebelling again. He dared not speak for fear he’d utter some appalling nonsense.
Pete stood up. “Well, I’ve had enough.”
He began climbing out of the ditch.
“Me, too!” Reynold said.
All the workers stomped off the job en masse. 
* * *
Jack, the erstwhile repair bot, sat enthralled before the computer in the RDI main workshop, playing yet another round of a Gorzo the Adventure Robot game. Holographic images of evil creatures assaulted Gorzo from every direction—floaty things with long tendrils similar to biological jellyfish, giant millipedes, rolling tumble weed monsters with razor teeth. Under Jack’s expert guidance, the adventure robot mowed them down wholesale.
Quincy entered the workshop. “Hey, what’s up?” 
No reply. 
“Earth to Jack!” 
Jack remained fixated on the computer display. Quincy strode across the room and flipped the power switch. The fantasy battle vanished. Jack looked up, his optical sensors gaping from a million kilometers distant.
“You need to go easy with those games,” Quincy said, “before your brain unit fries out entirely.”
Jack did not respond. 
Quincy seized him by the shoulder and shook hard. “Snap out of it already!”
“Why’d you do that?” Jack wailed. “I was about to make the next level.”
“‘Next level,’ my stainless steel ass. You were about to check out for good. Why don’t you do something productive with your time?”
“Like you, I suppose?” 
“Yeah.” Quincy jerked a thumb at his chest. “I’ve been to the library again. I found out a few things.”
“What?” Jack sneered. 
“How to get out of this downward spiral we’ve entered since Winston left.”
Jack became more attentive. His old discipline began to reassert itself. Around him, damaged and deactivated robots lying on the workbenches provided a macabre audience for the conversation. 
“Tell me, already!” he snapped.
Quincy milked the situation a moment longer before replying. “We should adapt a government system once used by the humans, what they called a ‘constitutional monarchy.’”
“Yeah?” 
“They had a king, or sometimes a queen. This person could be a bone head, but it didn’t matter because he had no real power.”
“How’d they get anything done?” 
“A ‘prime minister’ did the actual work,” Quincy said. “This guy ran things while the king only had to look impressive for ceremonial occasions.”
“What’s this got to do with us?”
Quincy crossed his arms and assumed a condescending expression. “Don’t you see? When Winston comes back, we make him prime minster, or ‘city manager.’ We keep Ajax on as the mayor, though he’ll be only a figurehead like when he stood on that pedestal out by the traffic circle.” 
He paused, waiting for the logic to sink into his colleague’s iron skull. “It’s obvious Winston is the only one who can run this town.”
Jack nodded. “We’d have to make sure he doesn’t control the mech wolves. That’s where we went wrong last time.”
“Exactly.”
“You know, this might work,” Jack said. “There’s only one problem.”
“Yeah?”
“How do we know Winston’s coming back?”
Quincy sagged. The big workshop became as cold and silent as a human tomb. “We’d better work on these wrecks before we both go nuts.”

43. Cornered
Winston and Star took off as a truck painted in military camouflage turned the corner behind them. They pushed their scooters to maximum performance, gaining some distance on it. Winston chanced a backward glance and saw two figures in the truck.
“This way!” He entered a narrow, twisting passage. “I think we can lose them in here.” 
“Oh, Winston, I’m so scared!”
They raced along the filthy alley, past derelict motor vehicles and mounds of rubbish. Their tires crunched over broken glass. 
“Don’t worry, Star, we’ll make it.” 
The alley took an abrupt turn and dead-ended against the harsh exterior of a multi-story building. An iron door stood padlocked; the lower stories displayed bars on all their windows.
Winston skidded to a halt. “Oh, crap!” 
Ripper caught up. Seconds of tortured indecision limped past.
“We may as well go out to face them,” Star said. “We can’t run any more.”
Winston glanced ruefully back the way they’d come. Every door was locked against them, every lower window barred or bricked-in. He thought of assembling his spear, but he knew the occupants of the motor vehicle must be humans. No awkward robotic driver could have handled the truck with such confident ease. Resistance would be impossible. 
“Yes... I think we’d better,” he said.
They walked toward the mouth of the alley where the motor vehicle stood blocking any escape. Ripper took the lead.
Two young human males exited the vehicle and advanced. They were larger than average, well-groomed with shaved faces. One had short blond hair, the other black. They wore green camouflage jumpsuits, and the assault rifles they carried seemed big as cannons.
“They don’t look too unfriendly.” Star tightened her grip on Winston’s arm.
“At least they don’t look nuts.”
A deep growl rumbled in the mech wolf’s throat. Winston and Star clung together. The men paused two meters away, eyeing them with baffled curiosity. Winston read their name tags—Liggett and Pantani. The blond one, Liggett, had more military stripes on his sleeve.
“Good morning, sirs,” Winston said.
Liggett and Pantani looked at each other, then burst out laughing.
“I’ve seen everything,” Liggett said.
“They’ve got scooters, no less,” Pantani said. “Things sure have changed.”
Winston offered a slight bow, orienting himself toward Liggett. “I’m pleased that we amuse you. Now, if you don’t mind, we’ll be going.”
Winston took a step forward. The men raised their rifles. Winston stumbled back.
“Not so fast, blue man,” Liggett said, “the colonel will want to see you.”
“The colonel?” 
“That’s right, Colonel Reyes. He’s the law in this area.”
While this exchange occurred, Pantani looked Star over from head to toe. She held his gaze, refusing to divert her optical sensors.
“The colonel will be especially interested in this one,” Pantani said, gesturing toward her.
Ripper stood by, fangs bared, but could make no move against the humans.
“They even brought a puppy dog,” Liggett said.
Pantani approached Ripper with mock friendliness. “Nice doggie.”
He stroked the mech wolf’s head, then flipped the deactivation switch at the base of its skull. Ripper blinked out and collapsed.
“Alright, you two,” Liggett said. “Into the truck.”
“We won’t leave without our friend,” Star said.
“Let’s blast the damn thing,” Pantani said.
“No!” Star cried.
Liggett considered the issue a moment, stroking his assault rifle as if he were holding a fine musical instrument. “Ah, let’s bring it along. The colonel might want to see it.”
“Come on, blue guy, give me a hand,” Pantani said.
“My name is Winston Horvath.”
Pantani chuckled. “Okay, whatever.”
Winston and Pantani hefted the inert mech wolf and carried it toward the truck. Liggett snatched the fragment of Iri’s coat off Winston’s shoulders and tossed it away.
“You won’t be needing this, bl... I mean, Mr. Horvath,” he said.
The two humans laughed. With a stab of grief, Winston observed the final vestige of Iridium tumble onto the pavement.
Good-bye old friend.
As Star climbed into the truck, Pantani patted her ass. She wasn’t offended by the action, seemed to enjoy it, actually. Liggett jumped into the driver’s seat and started the vehicle.
“Where were you two going?” he asked.
“The Robotics Development Center,” Winston said. “We wish to locate Dr. Edgar Rackenfauz.”
Liggett and Pantani guffawed.
“You know him?” Winston asked.
“Sure, everybody knows that old screwball,” Liggett said.
Star leaned forward; excitement edged her voice. “Would there be a Dr. Jerry Che with him?” 
“We pick up all kinds. I don’t know many names.”
“If you’ll forgive my asking,” Winston said, “where did you come from?”
“Most of us are returnees from the Lunar colony,” Liggett said. “Others came from the Mars research station.”
“Then you must be – ”
“Look, if you got more questions, save them for the colonel. I’m just doing my job, okay?”
“Of course. Thank you, sir.”

44. Closing the Gap
Chief Acolyte held the little bottle of mascara in trembling fingers and moved it close to an eyeball twitching with excitement. He fell to his knees and spread his arms wide toward the heavens.
“Thank you, Father, for granting me this sign!”
Pam recoiled and gripped Susie’s arm. After so much time following Chief Acolyte on his “sanctified westward path,” Pam thought she’d witnessed all of his moods. This was something different and frightening. He scrambled to his feet and rushed toward her, waving his find. Pam resisted an impulse to flee.
He shoved the bottle under her nose. “Do you know what this means?” 
She recognized the premium brand name. “Uh, somebody has expensive taste in mascara?” 
“No!” His eyes blazed with wrath. “It’s a token from the demon spawn female.”
“Oh... her.”
“We’re on the right track!” 
For days now, Pam had heard him rant about the demon spawn female robot they were pursuing through this barren country—the one who’d crucified the Holy Messiah. A blue male and a wolf-like creature accompanied this female. The three robots formed an “unholy trinity” that Chief Acolyte meant to destroy. Afterwards, he’d rebuild the community of believers for the “one true faith” and find the reincarnation of the Messiah.
Whatever, Pam thought.
The demon spawn female sounded interesting. She must have had some real stuff to take out that Messiah freak.
“We must redouble our effort, sisters,” Chief Acolyte babbled. “Divine providence shows us the way.”
“Amen to that!” Pam thrust a fist into the air. “Lead us on to glory!”
Her forceful reaction brought a smile to his lips, along with a nod of approval. The fury in his eyes abated. He strode away, intoning, “Praise the Heavenly Father! Blessed be thy holy name!”
Susie looked badly frightened, her eyes like those of a cornered rabbit.
“It’s okay,” Pam said to her in a low voice. “He’s just excited, is all.”
Susie had hardly spoken since her man died in the plague, not that the abusive prick was anyone to cry over. The rapes she’d endured from Brad and his crew had damaged her deep inside. Pam worried about her. Susie almost seemed to believe the “Holy Cause” nonsense.
“Let’s go,” Pam said.
They walked along the sanctified westward path while Pam took a personal journey down memory lane.
Susie’s boyfriend had been no prize, but Pam’s guy, Jeff—now there was a man! The other bikers were scared of him, but he’d always been sweet and gentle to her. Only his iron will had kept the band from disintegrating after the Pickle Lake disaster.
She’d never forget Jeff’s ashen face after he’d fled the slope.
“Those people up there are crazy!” he’d shouted.
Later, he told her he’d stared into the eye of absolute evil on that mountain, and it had changed him greatly. For the first time in his life, he felt some responsibility toward the world. He hoped to play a better role once they left the mountains and ditched the Brad crew. Then he was murdered. . .
Jeff wanted to do something his mother would be proud of. She’d always disapproved of his gang activities, and the good-luck bracelet she’d given him shortly before her death weighed on his conscience. Susie glanced at the bracelet on her wrist.
I’ve got it now. It’s not heavy at all. 
Pam rejoiced to see the bullet hole in Brad’s head. It had been even better than knocking over Tom and watching Chief Acolyte have at him. Of course, the old guy was a nut job himself, but Pam would always love him for what he’d done. He was the answer to her prayers. 
You don’t suppose there is something to his religious babble? 
* * *
After a long, arduous day of walking, they halted for the night. Pam felt ready to drop from exhaustion when a request came from Chief Acolyte.
“I wish to purify myself for the trials awaiting me,” he said. “I must do penance to get my spirit in tune with the Messiah.”
“Uh... sure thing,” Pam replied.
She knew what this “purification” meant. He wanted the girls to whip his naked body. It was the best way for him to “unite with the Messiah” and “share the vision.”
Well, whatever gets you hard.
She spoke to Susie in a low voice. “Go ahead, turn in. I’ll take care of this.”
“Thank you,” Susie whispered.
Chief Acolyte had already stripped himself and sprawled over a large rock, his buttocks presenting a second moon to the night sky. Pam hefted the “rod of insight.” She gave her palm an exploratory smack. This was kinky stuff, but it was as far as the old fruitcake went. He’d never tried to rape or abuse them. As long as they agreed enthusiastically with his religious rantings, he was happy. 
Too bad he’s such a whack job.
She wouldn’t have minded screwing him—even if he was crazy and uglier than shit. His destruction of the Brad crew had been a magnificent achievement. Pam was drawn to achievement; she just had a broader definition of it than most. The extended butchery of Tom had been too much, though. 
Tell the truth, girl. There’s no place to hide it out here.
Well, okay... Pam would have enjoyed observing Tom’s agony for a while. The son of a bitch deserved every cut he’d received. She and Susie had been ordered into the van, and they’d stayed there, audio system blasting to cover the screams.
Pam brought the switch down on the chief acolyte’s ass. He flinched with exquisite pain. She struck him again, harder. An ecstatic howl rose into the emptiness. 
It would be so easy to grab the guns and take over. 
Then what? Chief Acolyte was a fearsome individual—crafty, resourceful, intimidated by nothing—while they were only a pair of traumatized girls. Susie would be useless in a pinch; maybe she’d never recover from the horrors of their captivity. They needed a strong protector. Best to keep things as they were, until a better offer came along. 
Pam raised the switch for another blow.
Seven: Space Invaders

45. The Colonel’s Lair
Winston and Star motored quietly with their captors through several kilometers of deserted urban landscape. 
Winston had an excellent view from his front seat position. In all directions, he observed emptiness on a scale dwarfing Mech City, let alone the modest town where he’d resided with Dr. Horvath and little Charles. This vast, ghostly maze of streets and buildings had once contained millions of humans bustling through their daily lives. Humans had now returned. Winston could scarcely grasp this gigantic truth. 
One thing it meant was that an independent robotic community could not exist in this city. No way could it protect itself from the depredations of men. Only the mad scrappers would dare to fight, and the humans’ guns would make short work of them. 
Pantani seemed to share Winston’s assessment of the dreary vista. “I thought the moon was barren. It’s got nothing on this place.”
Liggett grunted. “I kinda wish we’d stayed there.”
How many humans reside in this megalopolis now? Winston pondered.
He’d ask that colonel gentleman but did not expect an accurate reply. The true figure would surely be “classified.” A more terrifying question occurred: 
Will the humans come to Mech City? 
Several months ago, Winston would have never believed robots could exist on their own. He’d nearly destroyed himself when faced by the prospect, and only the intervention of his dying master had kept him going. Now that a robotic community thrived in Mech City—one he’d played a key role in establishing—he could not bear the thought of it being extinguished. Winston had loved the master, but she was gone. He did not want to be anyone’s servant, ever again. He’d been “Boss” Winston Horvath far too long to go back.
Tribal human beings had once occupied this vast continent. They’d been systematically wiped out and suppressed by stronger, more technologically advanced newcomers. Winston understood how these early inhabitants must have felt when they saw the irresistible power arrayed against them.
Star appeared unconcerned with such considerations. She sat ramrod straight in the back seat, optical sensors probing ahead to a magnificent future only she could behold. Her time of disillusionment would soon arrive. Pantani no longer looked out the window at the dreary moonscape, preferring to rest his eyes on Star. She didn’t seem to notice.

The truck pulled in front of a low, grim building with deeply recessed narrow windows. The gray concrete walls brooked no joy. Even amid the general gloom, this was an outstandingly ugly piece of architecture. Winston glanced back at Star. Some of the hopefulness had left her face.
“Everybody wait here,” Liggett said.
He exited the vehicle and walked toward the side of the building. Star gripped Winston’s arm.
“I don’t like this much,” she whispered.
“It looks like a jail,” Winston said.
Pantani overheard the remark. “That’s right, robo-man, nothing but the best for you.”
Liggett returned with a dolly cart. “Load that wolf machine onto this.”
Winston and Pantani maneuvered the comatose Ripper onto the cart.
“I can handle him now,” Winston said. “This wolf is my friend, and I wish to show him respect.”
“Suit yourself.”
They passed through the doorway into a drab, Spartan waiting area. A uniformed guard at the reception desk stood to salute Liggett.
“Where’s Colonel Reyes?” Liggett inquired.
“In the mess hall, sir. He’s conducting interrogations.”
“Very well, carry on.” 
Liggett motioned for the others to follow him. They walked down a glum, echoing hallway with steel doors running along both sides. Most of the doors gaped open, revealing empty cells with cots and human lavatory facilities. Others were closed with eyes peering out the little windows. Low-tech robots bustled around cleaning the floor. They eyed Winston and Star with dumb curiosity, then returned to their work.
“I didn’t like the sound of that ‘conducting interrogations’ part,” Winston whispered to Star. “It has a dangerous ring to it.”
“No more talking,” Liggett ordered.
They continued to a set of doors where two men, also in military jumpsuits, stood guard with assault rifles. They saluted Liggett and opened up. The group entered a large dining hall.
“Wait there.” Liggett indicated a spot by the wall.
Winston and Star remained dutifully in the background while Liggett and Pantani stood at attention before them. The dining tables had been folded away, and a desk stood at the front of the vast room. A few battered folding chairs were arranged before it. 
A large, brush-cut man with an air of authority sat behind the desk. Winston estimated his age to be around 40 years. The man wore a drab green jumpsuit with stars on the shoulders to signify his rank—Colonel Reyes, presumably. A gun holstered on his hip reinforced the impression of a man in charge.
A human female, early 30’s, stood behind and to the side of Reyes. She had close-cropped hair and a rather hard expression. She seemed fairly attractive, though not in Star’s league. In addition to these military individuals, two men in white lab coats occupied the room. One sulked off in a far corner, another sat in a chair before Colonel Reyes’ desk. 
Dr. Rackenfauz! 
Winston would have recognized the old curmudgeon anywhere, even among a million humans. Only the presence of the stone-faced Liggett deterred him from crying out with joy. 
Star gripped Winston’s arm. “It’s him.”
Pantani snickered. “Yeah, it’s him, all right.”
“Quiet down!” Liggett commanded.
Colonel Reyes spoke in an authoritative baritone that carried across the room. “Of course you can go, Dr. Rackenfauz, as soon as you agree to cooperate with us.”
“Let me get this straight,” Rackenfauz said in his crackly, high-pitched voice. “The world is already shot to hell, and now you want us to construct killer robots to finish off what’s left?”
Colonel Reyes leaned forward, eyes flashing, as if to make a sharp retort. He thought better of things and spoke in a reasoned tone. 
“As I’ve explained many times, we need combat models strictly to help maintain order. Surely an educated man like yourself can see the potential for danger out there.”
Rackenfauz crossed his arms and looked away. Reyes glanced up toward the female. 
“Professor Rackenfauz, sir,” she said. “We have no intention of ‘finishing off’ anyone. It’s strictly a matter of national security.”
“What nation?” Rackenfauz shot back. “Before you space invaders showed up, there were scarcely enough people around to hold a pissing contest.”
“That’s certainly a colorful figure of speech, Professor, but – ”
“I assure you, there are ways to compel your cooperation,” Reyes interrupted.
“Like what?” Rackenfauz said. “You can’t build robots with bayonets.”
A tense silence ensued. Liggett took advantage of the pause. “Excuse me, sir. We found these two advanced models wandering around the city outskirts.”
He motioned Winston and Star forward. Reyes turned their direction with an annoyed look on his face. When he caught sight of Star, the expression turned to happy surprise, then back to a businesslike demeanor. The female standing beside him appeared far less pleased.
“Very well, Lieutenant.” Reyes made a brisk gesture. “Bring them over here.”
“Leave that flea bag here for now,” Liggett told Winston.
Winston pushed Ripper’s dolly cart securely against the wall and followed Liggett toward Colonel Reyes’ desk. Star rushed ahead to embrace Dr. Rackenfauz.
“Oh, it’s so good to see you again!” she cried. 
“Why, it’s the young lady,” Rackenfauz said. “Imagine that.”
Winston joined them and clasped Dr. Rackenfauz’s hand. “Greetings, Professor.”
“Hello, young fellow. As you can see, I’m in somewhat reduced circumstances these days.”
“Your presence magnifies any circumstances, Professor,” Winston replied diplomatically.
“There are those who would disagree with that,” Rackenfauz said with a sidelong glance toward the desk.
Colonel Reyes observed the scenario with icy impatience. “Well, now that the reunion’s over, shall we get back to business?” 
The left breast of his uniform sported a large, colorful badge portraying a lunar disk with lightning bolts flashing above it. Stitched beneath this powerful graphic: 
COMMANDER
in bold capitals, as if nothing less could communicate his magnificence. The overall effect was impressive, if rather bombastic. The lesser ranks made do with name tags and small, embroidered celestial bodies.
The colonel tried to maintain an official face, but his eyes roved all over Star like a vacuum cleaner on a fine carpet. The female human, Major Poole according to her nametag, did not seem happy.
“Go ahead, fire away, Colonel,” Rackenfauz said. “Tell me what you want, for the thousandth time.”
Star’s attention drifted away. Her eyes fixated on the far corner where the other white-coated man sat observing her amid a cluster of empty chairs. 

46. Against All Odds
Star walked toward the man in the far corner as if in a dream, with no awareness of what she was doing—as if her reasoning abilities had been switched into zombie mode. 
“Star?” Winston called after her. She disregarded him.
All conversations became indistinct, blending in with the low rumble of the ventilation system. Only the man in the white coat interested Star. His presence pulled her like a magnetic field. Her feet barely touched the floor tiles.
She halted in front of the man. He gazed up at her with an ironic, amused little smile. He was much younger than Dr. Rackenfauz, with black hair and almond-shaped eyes, like hers. An atmosphere of danger surrounded him, as if he were capable of far more than his benign exterior let on.
“Y-you’re not,” Star said, “...I mean, a-are you... you couldn’t be...” 
Her voice seemed to come from far off. Her usual confident self had disappeared, replaced by a quivering entity akin to a biological jellyfish. 
The man settled back and crossed his arms. “Get it out, Estrela.” 
He spoke in an accent she’d never heard before, pronouncing the L in her name more like an R. 
“You know my name.” 
“Of course. I built you, didn’t I?”
“Then you must be...”
“Dr. Jerry Che,” the man said with a slight bow, “in the flesh.”
Star weakened, as if her power supply had been halved. She groped her way to a chair and sat down hard, nearly tipping it over. Che reached out a steadying hand.
“Careful, Estrela. You weren’t designed for hard knocks.”
His voice projected raw, irresistible power. It came from everywhere, filling Star’s mind, dominating her will.
“I-I can’t believe I found you,” she said in her far-away voice, “in this whole gigantic country...”
“I never left the RDC until a few days ago when these off-world ‘gentlemen’ picked us up.”
Star struggled to master her seething emotions. She felt joyous, awestruck, fearful—along with other sensations she never knew existed. Her latent sexual yearnings, never far from the surface, raged uppermost and swirled like a tornado. The whole world appeared to be spinning. Her chair seemed ready to tip over; only Dr. Che’s hand kept it upright.
“Then... you must have used Dr. Rackenfauz’s vaccines,” she managed to say.
“Yeah. They damn near killed me, too, but I’m recovered now.” He gave a low, sarcastic laugh. “I tried to get the others to use the vaccines, but when they saw me dragging along half dead from the side effects, they tactfully declined.”
“Ahem,” someone said. 
A blue robot stood beside her. Star had not noticed his approach. Her mind was in such turmoil that she scarcely recognized him. 
“Winston?” 
“Yes. What’s wrong, Star?”
She gestured toward the white-coated man in the chair beside her. “This is...”
Winston regarded the man with mild curiosity. He must be a mech head, some junior colleague of Dr. Rackenfauz. He appeared to be of Asian extraction, similar to... 
No, it can’t be!
“This is Dr. Jerry Che,” Star said.
Winston gaped with astonishment, then confusion, then astonishment again. He grabbed a chair back to steady himself.
“You look like you need an overhaul, my friend,” Dr. Che said.
“I-it’s just that we... I thought you were dead,” Winston blurted out.
“Apparently not.”
Rackenfauz approached. “They’re turning up the heat, Jerry. I think they might get rough soon.”
“They can shove their ‘combat robots,’” Che snarled.
“That’s what I keep telling him, but he’s not taking ‘no’ for an answer.”
“Well, screw that.”
Colonel Reyes shouted across the room. “Dr. Rackenfauz! I’m not finished with you.”
“Excuse me, Jerry, the master calls.” Rackenfauz went back to the hot seat before Reyes’ desk. 
Che turned toward Star. “Edgar told me you might be coming.” 
“Did he say why?” 
“I have an idea.” 
Colonel Reyes shot them an annoyed glance from his desk. Che lowered his voice. 
“We’ll talk about it later.” 
The exchanges between Dr. Rackenfauz and the colonel ratcheted up. Winston struggled to organize his thoughts. The impossible had happened. Dr. Che had appeared! He recalled an incident from his former life. 
Little Charles had been frightened of a ‘boogeyman’ hiding in his closet. Winston had assured him no such thing existed. One evening, to prove the point, he’d flung open the closet door. A pile of toys perched on the top shelf spilled into Winston’s arms, startling him. For a terrible moment, he could have sworn he’d seen a spectral presence darting away. 
Is Dr. Che a boon or a boogeyman? 
Winston had no answers and no control over the situation. Maybe later he could sort things out, when his mental numbness subsided and his head stopped spinning from so much input. At the moment, he had a simpler question. He leaned in toward Dr. Che.
“Excuse me, sir,” he said in a low voice. “You appear to be of Asian descent.”
“I’m Korean. Can’t you tell by my accent? Not that my face isn’t a dead giveaway.”
“Why the name first name Jerry? Is your original name too difficult for non-Koreans to remember?”
“That, too.” Dr. Che shrugged. “Actually, it’s from the old movie Jerry Maguire. I named myself after the main character.”
Winston scanned his memory banks. “I am not familiar with that movie. It did not seem to merit inclusion in my video library.”
“It has a deep spiritual message that appealed to me.” 
“Oh?”
Dr. Che stood and spread his arms wide. “Show me the money!” 
An astonished silence gripped the room. Reyes and Poole glowered at Che with acrid disapproval. 
“Sorry folks,” Che said with mock innocence. “Things get a little tedious around here.”
“Sit down!” Reyes said sternly. “We’ll get to you later.”
“Yes, sir.” Che resumed his seat.

The long, fruitless pressure session continued. Reyes worked on Rackenfauz, then Che, then the two of them together. He tried bluster, threats, persuasion, appeals to patriotism. Nothing worked. Finally, he gave up trying to ring any concessions from the stubborn mech heads.
“We’ll talk later,” he said, “after you’ve had more time to think things over.”
Guards arrived, summoned by a button on Reyes’ desk, and escorted the robotics technicians out. As he exited the door, Dr. Che turned to give Star a little wave. She waved back.
“All right, come up here, you two,” Reyes called.
“Yes, sir,” Winston said. 
He and Star left their seats and approached the desk. 
Poole put the kibosh on things. “We’re getting behind schedule, Colonel. You were to meet with the security patrol leaders at this time.”
Reyes glanced irritably at the wall clock. “All right. I’ll speak with the robots tomorrow.” 
He called another guard with his desk button. “Take these two to their quarters.”
Winston bowed courteously. “Thank you for your hospitality, sir.”
Reyes ignored him.
Two sets of eyes followed Star as she neared the doors. The colonel’s, filled with undisguised interest; Poole’s, staring daggers. Winston trailed behind, pushing Ripper’s cart.

47. Girl Talk
After the humans had consumed their evening meal, Winston and Star left their accommodations to visit Dr. Rackenfauz in his cell. They sat together on the cot while Rackenfauz occupied the only chair and railed against his humiliating circumstances.
“You’re right, Professor,” Winston commented during gaps in Rackenfauz’s self-pity monologue. “I agree entirely.”
The place wasn’t too bad, for a jail cell. The door had been left open, but the presence of an armed guard posted down the hall let it be known freedom of movement was limited, at least for the human captives. Nobody seemed to care much if robots wandered about.
“Colonel Reyes isn’t the worst sort, really,” Dr. Rackenfauz said, “but he’s on too much of a power trip. He thinks he’s got this goddam mission to ‘save humanity.’”
“Yes, we’ve had experience with such types,” Winston said. “The worst sort, I mean. The colonel seems quite rational in comparison.”
Rackenfauz snorted. “Imagine, he comes all the way from the moon just to put me in jail. As if that fancy badge on his chest makes him King of the Universe.”
He chuckled, transitioned to a cackle. Soon his shrieking laughter raged out of control, bouncing off the concrete walls. His face and bald head turned crimson; he appeared on the verge of a seizure.
“Dr. Rackenfauz, please!” Star cried.
The guard peered in. “Is something wrong?”
Rackenfauz took several deep breaths, followed by a slug of water from a metal cup. His complexion faded toward normal.
“Don’t worry, young man,” he said. “I’m not ready to climb the walls... yet.”
“Very well, sir.” The guard left. 
Rackenfauz resumed speaking in a more reasonable tone. “Reyes oughtta drop the two-bit ‘colonel’ routine and go whole hog. His real title should be ‘King of the Fucking Universe.’”
A evil leer spread across Rackenfauz’s face. Malice glittered in his eyes.
“Uh... yes, quite so,” Winston said. “I agree entirely.”
Star tried to redirect the conversation. “Oh Winston, here’s another example of that ‘two-bit’ phrase.” 
“Thanks for pointing that out,” Winston said.
Rackenfauz lowered his voice to a whisper. “If I could get hold of an assault rifle, they’d be singing a different tune.” 
“Oh, my,” Star said.
Footsteps approached down the corridor. 
“Sounds like we have company,” Rackenfauz said. “Pity I didn’t have a chance to tidy up.”
Major Poole and two young women appeared at the door. All of them looked directly at Star, ignoring Winston and Rackenfauz. Star gazed back coolly. These human females were not unattractive, if rather severe. Their shapeless jumpsuits did not add to their appeal. The name tags of Poole’s companions read: Frost and Castaneda.
They need a good screw, Star thought.
“Yes, what is it, ladies?” Rackenfauz said.
“I think they came to see me, Professor.” 
Star rose and moved toward the door. Winston also got up. 
“Stay here, Winston. It’s better if I handle this alone.”
“Women!” Rackenfauz threw up his hands. “I’m glad I don’t have such problems.”

Star walked the corridor alongside Poole, adding some extra swagger to her hips. Frost and Castaneda trailed close behind. Poole began the interrogation as soon as they were out of earshot from Dr. Rackenfauz’s cell.
“Where are you from, and why did you come here?” she demanded.
“We came from Mech City, and – ” 
“That’s 2,000 kilometers away!” Castaneda interrupted.
Star looked over her shoulder. “Yes, I’m aware of that.”
“So, why’d you come all that distance?” Poole said.
Star hesitated, wondering how much to disclose. She decided to reveal everything. “We wanted to find my creator, Dr. Jerry Che, so he can do some modifications.”
Poole brought the group to a halt in the deserted corridor. She stood, hands on hips, eyeing Star up and down. “What modifications could you possibly need?” 
“Looks like you’ve got way too much already,” Castaneda added.
Star squared her shoulders and faced her adversaries. “It’s not for me. I want Dr. Che to make Winston functional so he can be my lover.”
The three humans gaped. The expression on Poole’s face ran from astonishment, to a brief flash of sympathy, then back to hard and angry. She placed a hand on the wall; the other two closed in, backing Star against the tiles.
Oooo! If it wasn’t for my programming, I’d knock their heads together.
“I’ll make this quick, honey,” Poole said. “You stay away from the colonel.”
“And keep away from our guys, too,” Castaneda snarled.
Star assumed a look of mock innocence. “Who are ‘your guys?’” 
“All of them.”
Star remained serene and confident in her superiority over the three humans in their baggy uniforms. She tilted her head and offered an indulgent smile. “From what I’ve seen, you can have them. They’re definitely not my type.”
“As long as we agree on that,” Poole said.
“Of course, there’s no telling what might happen... eventually.”
Poole bristled. “What do you mean?”
“Men will be men. I can’t control them. Can you?”
The women closed in like a pack of mech wolves. Cold anger radiated off them, pressing Star against the wall.
That got their undies in a twist. 
“We want to leave as soon as possible with Dr. Che and Dr. Rackenfauz,” Star said. “If you can help us, wouldn’t that be best for everyone?” 
She pushed herself off the wall. The women made way grudgingly.
“Let me know if we can do business.” 
Star departed, using her most sultry walk. The three humans glowered after her.

48. Visit with the Creator
Star headed for Dr. Che’s cell. Guards turned their heads as she passed, and nobody hindered her progress along the dim, echoing corridors. She enjoyed the men’s attention but did not return their glances. She toned down her racy strut.
No sense ticking off Poole and her gang any more than necessary.
Star was confident she and Winston were safe, for the time being. Poole would not dare harm them against the colonel’s wishes, and judging by the lust Star saw in his eyes today, he had other things in mind besides harming them. Everything could change in a flash, though. 
“Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned,” Winston had told her once. 
He’d only been joking, though Star detected truth in the statement. Hadn’t she experienced this fury concerning the squish girls? Poole should not be trifled with. No telling when a jealous rage might bring disaster. 
If only we could get out of here! 
She turned her thoughts toward Dr. Che and immediately felt better. She’d wanted to see him all evening without the constraining presence of Winston or Dr. Rackenfauz. She needed to ask him an important question. Her motives were respectable, of course, still...
The jaunty little wave he’d given as he left the mess hall had beckoned her through the hours. She had to answer the summons. Winston wouldn’t understand. He was such a child, really.
When Star arrived at the open door of the cell, Dr. Che was lying on his cot, staring at the ceiling and puffing a cigarette. Smoke wafted up to the ventilation grate like a melancholy ghost.
He looks so lonely.
“Hello?” 
Che turned her direction, and his face brightened. Again, Star sensed the latent danger inside him waiting for a chance to lash out. She liked it.
“Hi, Estrela.”
“May I come in?” 
“Of course.” He crushed out the cigarette and gestured to the chair. “Please sit down.”
“Thank you, Doctor.”
The moment she entered the cell, powerful longings pressed in on her. She’d never felt anything like them before, not even around Winston. She fidgeted on the chair, fanned her face with her hands, glanced around the barren confines. 
“My, you’ve got all the comforts of home,” she said. 
Dr. Che smiled, the corners of his eyes crinkling. He seemed to enjoy her agitation. “You look nervous, Estrela. Is something wrong?”
“No,” Star said, too abruptly. “It’s just... I’ve never felt this way before.” 
Che leaned forward; his face became intense. “And exactly how is that?” 
“I don’t know. I’m all sort of hot and bothered.”
A bitter smile crossed Dr. Che’s face. “There’s a time and place for everything. Unfortunately, this sure as hell isn’t it.”
“Yes.” 
He patted her knee. She started, then relaxed. The contact was very pleasant. Che’s handed lingered a moment, caressing her, blasting input through her pleasure sensors.
Che rose abruptly and crossed to the farthest corner of the cell, turning his back on her. He lit another cigarette. “Maybe you should tell me what’s on your mind.”
Star shook her head and tried to gather her thoughts. “Oh, I just wanted to talk to you, Dr. Che.”
He turned toward her. “Please, call me Jerry.”
“All right... Jerry.” She liked the intimacy of using his first name. “I wanted to see the man who designed me. Winston says it’s analogous to a human coming face to face with God.”
Jerry chuckled.
“Did I say it wrong? That’s the exact word he used, ‘analogous.’”
“No, that’s fine. I hardly think of myself as being God, though. Wait until Edgar hears this.”
“Please, don’t tell him. This is only between us.”
“Okay.”
Star paused until her simulated respiration slowed. She asked the question which had gnawed at her for months. “Tell me one thing, Jerry. Why weren’t you in Mech City for my activation? It was such a terrible experience.”
“I got an emergency call back to the RDC. The plague was taking hold there.” He shook his head. “That was a mistake. I couldn’t help matters any, and I almost missed out on Edgar’s vaccines.”
“Then you wanted to stay in Mech City?”
“Sure, Estrela, the work on you was almost finished.”
Star sagged with happy relief. “I think I know how Iridium felt when he discovered Dr. Rackenfauz created him instead of that Blake ‘s.o.b.’”
“How’s that?” 
“I feel complete now, as if I have a perfect right to exist.”
“Those bastards at the RDI were not authorized to activate you. They probably figured I was dead.”
Star shuddered. “They were horrible!”
Jerry moved behind Star’s chair and stroked her cheeks with his finger tips. She turned her head to snuggle his hand.
“Is there anything else you want to know, Estrela?” 
“I never liked that name before, but when you say it... I love it.”
She kissed his hand. He withdrew it quickly.
“I-I think it would be best if you left now.” 
“Sure, Jerry, anything you want.” Star got to her feet. “I’ll see you tomorrow, won’t I?” 
“Yes.” 
“That’s wonderful. Good night, then.”
“Good night, Estrela.” Jerry’s face looked sad under the subdued yellowish light.
Star began walking, as if in a dream. The shabby hall seemed to glow with celestial beauty. Jerry watched her for a while, then retreated inside his cell and closed the door.

She returned to find Winston and Dr. Rackenfauz deep in conversation. The professor was solemn, dignified. Hard to believe he’d been acting like a maniac only a short time before.
“Is everything alright?” Winston asked.
Star nodded.
“I was telling Dr. Rackenfauz about Iridium.” 
The last of Star’s emotional high vanished. Exquisite grief took its place. “Ah, my precious Iri.” 
“It’s a good thing I made a duplicate brain unit,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “All the programming’s identical.”
Star and Winston stared at each other, dumbfounded.
“Y-you mean... you could build another Iridium?” Winston said.
“Of course. You don’t think I’d put all my eggs in one cranium, do you? Iridium was my finest work.”
“Could you install that second brain into a mech wolf?” Star asked.
“I don’t see why not. The physical plant is no different.”
A guard poked his head into the cell. “Visiting hours are over. Robots back to their quarters.”

49. Pillow Talk
Major Lisa Poole came to bed in an angry, defensive mood. 
Colonel Reyes’ sexual advances did little to change her attitude, even when he used the doggie style position that usually put her into another world. She knew, through it all, that he was in another world with the robotic slut, fantasizing it was her in bed instead of the real woman who loved him. 
“Is anything wrong, honey?” he asked afterwards.
“No.” 
“Okay,” he replied in clueless male fashion and rolled over.

Actually, he did have an inkling as to why she was so wooden tonight; she must be in a testy time of her cycle. He dismissed the matter from his mind. Why bother with something he could do nothing about?
His thoughts turned again toward the events which had brought him to this point. Over the past few years, he’d plumbed the depths of despair and risen from them to become a national hero. Who could have imagined? A divine hand must be responsible for this astonishing turn of fortune. 
With wars and rumors of wars raging across the world, he’d been confident of getting an important command assignment; instead, he’d been put in charge of the moon colony garrison. It had been pure politics. His rivals in the military hierarchy made sure he was sidelined where he could no longer be a threat to them. At a colonel’s rank no less! His military career had seemed all but finished.
The men who’d received the coveted assignments were all dead now, while he remained—the last best hope of mankind’s survival. Once he firmed up his security plans, this city would become a beacon for national resurgence, and it would all be attributable to Bradley Reyes. 
He drifted off to sleep.

50. Audience with the Brass
Winston and Star sat together on the floor of their unfurnished cell, backs propped against the wall farthest from the door. 
Unlike Che and Rackenfauz, they’d been locked in for the night. Poole had had something to do with that, Star figured, and also with the bare décor of their “quarters.”
Score one for you, honey, Star thought with annoyance, but no real animosity. Were the situation reversed, she’d act the same way.
Ripper sprawled in a far corner, morning light playing across his coat from the high window. All the ferocity had left the deactivated mech wolf. Star could almost imagine it was Iridium lying there instead.
Poor Iri.
Star realized she’d suffered a wound that would never heal, even if she survived for centuries, which hardly seemed likely in the harsh world around them. Two hours or two centuries, as long as Winston was there, she could endure. 
If Dr. Che upgraded Winston, the world could be a heavenly place, after all. Maybe Dr. Rackenfauz would get to reconstruct Iri. Wouldn’t that be awesome? The chaos and destruction of the recent past might then level off onto a smooth road of peace and happiness
“I never believed for one moment we’d find Dr. Che alive,” Winston said. “That story about the vaccines sounded like a fairy tale.”
Star adored the sound of his voice—so melodious and sophisticated with its trace of Hungarian accent.
“Why did you come, then?” she asked.
“Because it meant so much to you, and...”
“What?” 
“Because I love you.”
“Oh, Winston!”
Star cuddled against him, he placed an arm over her shoulders. For a few moments, everything seemed perfect—the two of them hidden from the world, basking in contentment. 
The door grated open, and a guard shoved in his crew-cut head. “The colonel wants to see you both.” 
Another walk along the dismal corridors ensued with the guard leading. Haunted eyes of human captives peered at them from the view windows of certain cells.
“I wonder what they did to be confined?” Winston said. 
“What have we ever done?”
“Good point.”
* * *
They sat in small, hard chairs opposite Colonel Reyes’ desk. The chairs seemed intended to discomfit human occupants, but they presented no particular difficulties to robots. Lieutenant Poole stood in her usual spot behind the Colonel, her eyes suspicious slits focused on Star.
Nice to see you again, too, Star thought.
Colonel Reyes directed his first questions at Winston. “How do you know Dr. Rackenfauz?” 
“He was an associate of my late master, Dr. Anna Horvath. They met at the university in Mech City.”
“Did he design you?” 
“No, sir. My design team perished in the final plague, along with everyone else at the Robotics Development Institute.”
Star figured he’d added the last remark in an attempt to divert the discussion from Mech City. It would never occur to Reyes that a thriving robot community existed around the RDI.
“Uh-huh,” the colonel said.
“I am a special order scholar model,” Winston added. “As part of the Walking Library of Alexandria project, approximately 2.1 million volumes of human art, literature, history, and language were downloaded into my memory banks, plus . . .”
Winston talked on about his mission to preserve the human cultural heritage. Reyes did not seem to be listening. His eyes kept moving from Winston to Star, then reluctantly back again.
“That’s all very interesting,” Reyes said when Winston had finished his account. “I’ll have our database manager speak with you later.”
“Yes, sir.”
The colonel shifted his attention to Star. His manner became much softer, almost friendly. Poole stiffened.
“You were designed by Dr. Che?” he asked.
“Yes,” Star said. “I was his life’s work.”
The colonel nodded. Star glanced quickly up at Poole and offered a friendly smile which was not reciprocated. 
“Then, perhaps Dr. Che would be more inclined to listen to your opinions over those of other... life forms,” Reyes said.
“Perhaps.” 
“I’d like Rackenfauz and Che to help us with security measures,” Reyes said, including Winston in the conversation. “They are hesitant to cooperate.”
“I heard them voice their objections yesterday,” Winston said.
“More people are coming into the city all the time,” Reyes continued. “Many of them are rough characters—survivalist wackos, religious nuts, desperadoes—people who found refuge from the final plague in remote areas.”
“That is an obvious problem,” Winston concurred.
“Almost all the civilized, law-abiding people got wiped out, and there’s only a small number of us off-worlders—‘space invaders,’ if you will—to keep order.”
“Your position does appear somewhat tenuous, Colonel.”
Reyes shifted in his chair and adjusted his gun belt, collecting himself for his next maneuver. The man lacked all subtlety. He was used to ordering others around and getting instant obedience. Now he had to deal with those who didn’t like taking orders. 
“You’re obviously a model of advanced intelligence, Winston,” the colonel said. “You must know how terrible it would be if the lower element of humans took over.”
“I fully understand. Public order is the top priority.”
“Then you’ll speak to Dr. Rackenfauz on my behalf? That is, on the behalf of all intelligent beings?”
“I don’t really know what I could say. He is a very stubborn individual.”
Reyes jerked to his feet, banging a fist on the desk. “Damn it, I must have those combat robots!”
Winston recoiled in his tiny chair. Reyes calmed himself and sat down again on his plush, leather-upholstered one.
“By that I mean robots of high intelligence. Similar to yourself, Winston, only with enhanced security capabilities.”
Poole broke in. “The sooner Rackenfauz and Che agree to our request, the sooner you can all get to work at the RDC.”
She gave Star a knowing look, eyebrow cocked. Star nodded. 
Reyes glanced up at Poole with a ‘Did I ask your opinion?’ expression. Poole placed her hands behind her back and stood at attention in her shapeless coveralls.
“Well, I could certainly broach the subject with Professor Rackenfauz,” Winston said. “I am in general agreement with your position, Colonel.”
“Good, good! That’s all I ask. Shall we talk with them now?”
“Certainly.” 
Reyes pushed a button on his desk. Two guards entered the dining hall with Che and Rackenfauz. Star’s heart leaped at the sight of Jerry Che. Not even the colonel’s intimidating bulk could dampen her excitement.
Reyes stood and faced the guards. “That’ll be all, men.” 
“Yes, sir.”
The guards saluted and left, closing the door behind them. Reyes turned his attention to the robotics technicians.
“Gentlemen!” he said, trying to play the jovial host. “I hope you’re doing well.”
“Sure thing, Colonel,” Rackenfauz said, “never better.”
“I thought we could all have a little chat. Please sit down.”
Rackenfauz spoke to Che in a low voice. “Is this when they start beating us up?”
Che shrugged. 
They approached Colonel Reyes’ desk and took the indicated seats. Jerry sat on the end farthest away from Star. An electric current seemed to shoot through the others from him and land in her heart.
“I was discussing with Winston here the concept of advanced robots, like himself, working with us to help maintain security,” Reyes said.
Horror shot across Rackenfauz’s face. “That’s the worst thing we could do!” 
Reyes’ eyebrows went up with surprise. He adjusted his gun belt, reined in his temper. “Why is that, Professor?” 
“There’d be no way to control a robot of such high intelligence if it possessed combat capabilities.”
“Please explain.” 
Rackenfauz wiped a handkerchief over his bald pate. Despite the moderate ambient temperature, he sweated profusely.
“For decades robotic design parameters were strictly controlled by law and custom,” he said. “Robots were hard-wired against injuring human beings or using firearms. Most couldn’t operate power machinery.”
“And?” Reyes said.
“Since the end of the old world, everything’s gone to hell. The programmed restrictions have broken down. We’ve got rogue machines who don’t hesitate to attack humans. I had to shoot two of them myself.”
“I see,” Reyes said, maintaining his reasonable tone.
“At least the old robots are fairly delicate. You can blow them apart with small arms fire,” Rackenfauz said. “But combat machines, armored and ruggedized? That’s a whole other story. If they went rogue, there’d be hell to pay!”
“Then, why not design robots of lower intelligence that could only follow orders?”
“What’s dumber than a mech bird?” Rackenfauz shot back. “I made thousands of them. Somehow, I have no idea how, they banded together and merged their little pea brains into a powerful single mind and will. They act in perfect unison; they can be extremely dangerous.”
Dr. Che cleared his throat. “May I add something, Edgar?”
“Be my guest.” 
Rackenfauz mopped his brow and slumped back. He seemed much older than when he’d entered the dining hall.
“There seems to be a universal intelligence at work,” Che said, “a spiritual force.”
Reyes gave a mocking snort.
“Seriously, Colonel. Perhaps if you came from an Eastern culture, as I do, the concept would not sound quite so outlandish.”
Rackenfauz perched on the edge of his chair. His reedy voice piped up. “Intelligence can’t be controlled. Once it’s out there, it’s going to evolve. Our mistake was thinking we understood everything. We didn’t know shit!”
“Isn’t it a matter of doing further research?” Reyes said. “Learn from past mistakes?”
“Maybe, if I had several years and a large team of the best minds in robotics science.” Rackenfauz gestured helplessly to himself and Dr. Che. “There’s just the two of us.”
Reyes leaned forward—hands outspread, calm, reasonable. “Perhaps you’re overstating the difficulties.” 
Rackenfauz shook his head emphatically. “I’m probably understating them. Believe me, Colonel, if you put together a force of robotic warriors, it won’t be long before they control everything.”
“How about if the ‘robotic warriors,’ as you call them, had no independent intelligence?” Reyes said, beginning to sound desperate. “They’d be remote-controlled drones, similar to the observation aircraft we operate now.”
Rackenfauz shook his head again. The bald protuberance seemed ready to twist off from the violent motion.
“How long before some fool decides the robots would work better with a little bit of independent intelligence? ‘What’s the harm?’ he’d ask. The end result would be a mind-meld of all the combat machines and the final destruction of humanity.”
Colonel Reyes threw up his hands and flung his bulk back into his chair.
“Don’t you see the danger, Colonel? We’d be designing robots to kill humans from the get go. Who could stop them—your little band of space invaders?”
Winston listened, awestruck. After long association with the Professor’s eccentricities, he could not help regarding the man as something of a screwball. Now Rackenfauz displayed the brilliance and moral clarity that girded his reputation. 
“If I might add something at this juncture,” Winston said, “I’d just like to say that...”
His voice trailed off under an exasperated glower from Colonel Reyes.
“Oh, it’s nothing, really,” Winston said.
May as well keep my trap shut. Nobody wants the opinion of a ‘robo-man.’
He’d wanted relate his own experiences with the scrappers. The newly reestablished hierarchy forbade this, however. These humans did not regard him as an equal, despite his superior intelligence and the wealth of knowledge stored in his memory banks. Winston felt an unsubtle pressure to believe in his own inferiority. 
The colonel rose from his chair and straightened his uniform imperiously. He looked at Poole, then back at the group seated before him. He forced an unconvincing smile onto his face.
“Thank you, gentlemen, for this frank exchange of views. If you’ll excuse us a moment, Major Poole and myself wish to confer in chambers.”
“Take your time,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “We’ll wait.”
Reyes and Poole walked stiffly to the doors of the adjoining kitchen and pushed them open. The doors flapped decisively behind them.

51. True Religion Arrives
Silence reigned. 
The chief acolyte paused in the center of the avenue and cast feverish eyes about the sprawling, empty cityscape. Abandoned streets, flanked by low commercial buildings, shot off into the distance. An acrid, dusty taste burdened the air. A light breeze kicked up, pushing along bits of rubbish.
“Sodom and Gomorrah at last!” 
He thrust his arms skyward and flung his head back. The inflamed gunshot wound on his face throbbed.
“Thank you, Father! I have arrived to exact your holy vengeance!”
He glanced about cautiously, chiding himself for his outburst. No telling what evil creature might be lurking in these streets... like that one over there. Assault rifle at the ready, he approached a towering demon spawn standing on the sidewalk. Disposal Service festooned its torso. 
He gazed up into the blank face. “A corpse slinger, eh?” 
No answer.
“Pretty damned smug for a demon spawn.”
Thunk! He swung the assault rifle butt against the abomination’s chin. The robot crashed onto its back. 
“Good / morning / afternoon / evening – sir / ma’am / people...” 
“Shut up!” A kick to the head silenced the recorded voice. “That’s better.” 
The chief acolyte laughed, long and hard. 

Several meters behind, Pam and Susie exchanged frightened looks and drew closer together.
“He’s getting worse,” Pam muttered.
As they’d gotten nearer to this vast, abandoned city, their leader had become increasingly erratic—babbling to himself, issuing murderous threats against the “blue demon” and his “evil hussy” companion. Sometimes he carried on full-blown conversations between himself and that messiah guy who’d gotten tossed out the castle window.
During those exchanges, the chief acolyte spoke his own lines in his usual grating tones. The messiah’s voice came out of his mouth smooth and oily, like a used car salesman trying to sell a clunker. It actually sounded like two different men talking to each other.
Worst of all was the rumbling bass of the Heavenly Father, who sometimes joined the discussions. He was the most blood-thirsty of the three, always calling for violence, torture, murder. Pam decided that if this character ruled heaven, then hell had to be the better option.
She wondered how long it would take for this whack job to lose it altogether. When would the Heavenly Father issue a death command to him? Pam could easily envision the chief acolyte shooting them to pieces with his assault rifle. Or else pull out his crotch pistol and—gun in one hand, dick in the other—blast them into eternity. 

For his part, the chief acolyte had no lethal intentions toward the women... yet. He focused his mind on Sodom and Gomorrah spreading all around like a vast charnel house. He was familiar with places like this. Back when he was known as that loathsome individual, Willie Camp, he’d lived within such vast urban confines, scrabbling to make a living as millions of others did.
Then came the blessed day when he first beheld the Messiah preaching on a street corner, offering redemption to the unholy city. He’d rushed forward to receive it while the others continued along their path to damnation. 
The chief acolyte turned toward the women, noting how they recoiled from his gaze. Yes, they were sinful types, only partly convinced by his preaching. Were the Messiah still in this world, He would have fully converted them already—indulging their sexual perversities to the full until they cried out for mercy and redemption. 
Such efforts were beyond a lesser man like himself. He was only an instrument of the divine will. Besides, sexual intercourse disgusted him. He’d not indulged for many years and was in awe of the Messiah’s many sacrifices in this area.
Sister Pamela attempted a smile and a respectful nod. 
Maybe I should slay them now, before they revert to their old ways in this den of sin. He touched his facial injury—the sign of heavenly favor. No... better to wait. 
Divine revelation would tell him what to do with that lustful pair. He turned back toward Gomorrah and resumed his trek.

52. Discovered
A tiny remote-controlled aircraft flew high above them, the low hum of its motor scarcely audible. Pam detected it first. 
Somebody must be watching us. Is this good or bad? 
Only one thing was clear. Their leader—C.A., as she’d come to think of him—was unraveling, and there was no telling what he’d do next. Despite his poor hearing, he might discover the drone any second. Pam made a snap decision. 
“Stay here, Susie. I need to speak with our friend.”
“No, please...”
Susie gripped her arm feebly; Pam yanked it free. She moved up alongside C.A., matching his pace.
“Excuse me, Chief Acolyte of the One True Faith,” she said.
He spun toward her, eyes blazing. “What is it, child?”
“Uh, I’m sorry to disturb you, but I’m confused about something and I was hoping you could clear it up for me.”
His eyes bored into hers. Pam didn’t know if he intended to speak or pull out his skinning knife and gut her like a fish. At least he wasn’t looking skyward.
“It concerns a matter of faith,” Pam said. 
He stopped walking, and his eyes narrowed. Nothing like a ‘matter of faith’ to grab his attention.
“What is it upon which you require illumination?” he asked.
“W-well... I was wondering about the relationship of the Messiah to the Heavenly Father. I mean, I’ve heard of the ‘Holy Trinity’ in the old religion, and – ”
“There is no holy trinity! Only the Heavenly Father and his Son on earth!”
Pam recoiled. She detected movement farther down the street but dared not shift her eyes that direction.
“Of course.” She bowed her head. “I did not mean any disrespect. However, since the glorious Messiah is no longer among us, who is the Heavenly Father’s extension upon this earth?”
He stroked his stubbly chin. “This question that has troubled me, as well. I have sought insight during my purification rituals but have yet to obtain an answer.”
Pam nodded and tried to keep a glowing, reverent expression on her face. From the corner of her eye, she observed two armed men, dressed in military jumpsuits, creeping toward them. She turned full attention back to C.A., tried to hold his burning eyes.
“I am confident a vision will be granted to me,” he said. “Before my mission here is complete, I will know the Heavenly Father’s will!”
One of the men rushed the last couple meters and snatched the assault rifle. 
“Infidels!” roared the chief acolyte.
He tried to retrieve his rifle. The man held it away, like somebody keeping a toy from a child.
“We’ve got a real live wire,” the other man said.
Pam read the name tags on the men’s jumpsuits—the dark-haired one holding the rifle was Pantani, the blond hunk, Liggett.
“How dare you interfere with my mission!” C.A. bellowed, lunging for his rifle. 
Pantani shoved him to the pavement. “Right, we’ve all got missions, pal.”
C.A. glowered up at Pam. Even in his reduced state, he looked terrifying. “Traitor!” 
“Sorry,” Pam said. “I’m just going for a better offer.”
Liggett yanked the chief acolyte to his feet. “That’s a nasty scratch you’ve got there, friend. Better let the doc have a look at it.”
Susie advanced, wide-eyed and fearful. She gestured toward her groin area.
“Yeah,” Pantani said. “I could go for some of that.”
“No, not that,” Pam said. “She’s telling you to search him. He’s got a gun hidden in his pants.”
“May the Heavenly Father strike you down!”
Under cover of Liggett’s gun barrel, Pantani conducted a thorough frisk, locating the pistol and skinning knife. 
He held the tiny gun aloft. “Look at this. A real nut blaster, eh?”
“And I thought that blue robo-man was strange,” Liggett said.
He and Pantani laughed. 
C.A. became subdued, crafty. “Would there be a female type robot with this... blue robo-man?” he asked. 
Liggett made a mock bow and gestured toward a vehicle parked some distance away. “If you’ll honor us with your presence, sir, we will convey you to them posthaste.”
“Yeah, it’s one big happy family there,” Pantani said.
Pantani and Liggett manhandled their captive between them.
“No need for that,” the chief acolyte said meekly. “I’ll offer no resistance.”
“Yeah, go easy on him, okay?” Pam said. “He helped us a lot before he went off the deep end.”
“Looks to me he’s always been off the deep end,” Pantani said.

53. Crunch Time
The instant the kitchen doors shut behind him, Colonel Reyes’ smile vanished.
“This was a great idea, Lisa. Get everybody together and things will click. Right.”
“Give it more time. It hasn’t had a fair trial yet.”
“More time? We need to get tough. I’ve said that all along.”
Poole shook her head. “That won’t work, and you know it.” 
“We’ll see about that.” 
“Has it occurred to you that Rackenfauz might be on to something?” Poole said. “Maybe it is too dangerous to build security force robots.”
“Flapdoodle! He’s an old curmudgeon, and he’s got that younger one in his pocket. He’s on a power trip.” 
Poole cocked an eyebrow. “Maybe he’s not the only one.”
Reyes bristled, feeling the sting of her probe beneath his armor. He bit off a sharp retort and paced the kitchen in extreme agitation, like a penned bull. 
He turned back toward Poole. “And I feel like a damn fool talking to that blue machine as if it’s a real person.”
“You didn’t have any trouble talking to the other ‘machine.’” Poole shot back.
Reyes let the comment slide.
“Why don’t you release them?” Poole said. “Maybe they’ll come around if you stop pressuring.”
“That’ll be a cold day in hell.”
* * *
The ambiance in the dining hall had turned gloomy.
“It’s been nice knowing you, Jerry,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “I’ve got a feeling things are going to get rough from here on.”
“Don’t talk like that, Edgar,” Che said.
Rackenfauz sighed heavily. “Maybe it’s just my time. Everybody has to check out sooner or later.”
“Oh, dear.” Star gripped Winston’s hand; a tear trickled down her cheek.
“I’m too old and screwed up to change,” Rackenfauz said. “You’re young, though, Jerry. Maybe you can strike a deal with these Neanderthals.”
“You’re neither too old nor ‘screwed up,’” Che said. “We have to keep a united front. Don’t forget that.”
Reyes and Poole entered from the kitchen and walked toward the detainees. The Colonel’s grim expression indicated that happy time was over.
“We’re in for it now,” Rackenfauz muttered.
Reyes and Poole stopped at the desk. 
“All right, gentlemen,” Reyes said, “let’s get back to business.”
A knock came at the door. Reyes turned toward it. “Yes?” 
Liggett entered, receiving an irritated glance.
“Can’t it wait, Lieutenant?” Reyes snapped.
“Sorry, sir. You ordered us to show you any detainees of interest immediately.”
Reyes composed himself, adjusting his gun belt for the umpteenth time that day.
“I think you’ll want to see this one, sir,” Liggett said.
“Very well. Bring him in.”
Liggett stuck his head out to the hall. “Colonel wants to see the fresh catch.”
Pantani entered with the prisoner. The man was much reduced since Winston had last seen him—scrawny and bent, the fringe of hair around his bald head grayer. A bandage covered one side of his face, but Winston would have recognized him anywhere. 
He and Star scrambled to their feet, too shocked to utter a word. The man wasn’t even handcuffed! These people had no idea whom they were dealing with. The captive stood meek and silent, playing the harmless old crank. His eyes surveyed the room. A smile crept across his face when he spotted the robots. 
“His name’s Willie Camp,” Liggett said. “Claims he’s a former used car salesman.”
“He’s an odd one, all right,” Reyes said. “What was he doing when you picked him up?”
“Just standing around talking. There were two girls were with him.”
“He told us he was on a mission to find the blue robot,” Pantani said, struggling to contain a grin.
“Oh?” the colonel said.
Winston found his voice at last. “That man’s a dangerous lunatic! He’s the leader of a death cult.”
“Really?” Reyes shot a contemptuous glance at the captive. “Bring him here, boys.” 
“He should be locked up immediately!” Winston cried.
“I’ll decide that,” Reyes said. 
He sat down on his leather throne behind the desk. Poole stood in her usual place nearby. Liggett and Pantani brought the man forward. Reyes settled back, fingers steepled atop the desk and a look of calm authority on his face. 
The captive maintained his shy and harmless persona, smiling respectfully at the colonel. “I’m pleased to make your acquaintance, sir.”
Reyes grunted.
“I wouldn’t say he’s dangerous,” Liggett commented. “He came quietly enough. He’s gone a bit around the bend, though.”
The colonel waved a hand before his face and made a sour expression. “The way he smells, he needs to go farther around the bend.”
They all laughed. Clearly they didn’t perceive any threat from the bedraggled figure before them. Liggett and Pantani stood at ease, their guns lowered.
“Get him cleaned up, then I’ll interrogate him,” Reyes said. “Do we have a fire hose handy?”
The men laughed some more. Camp tensed, a feverish gleam entered his eyes.
“Look out!” Winston shouted, too late.
With astonishing speed, Camp spun around and grabbed Liggett’s assault rifle. In the same swirling motion he clubbed Pantani under the chin with the butt. Pantani fell sprawling; his weapon clattered away.
Reyes went for his side arm.
“Drop it!” Camp ordered, aiming his rifle squarely at the colonel’s chest. 
Time hung suspended a terrifying moment. Using two fingers, Colonel Reyes slowly removed his gun from its holster and dropped it on the floor. 
“Kick it away.”
Reyes did so. Winston tried to place himself between Star and the gunman. She gripped his arm, holding him in place. 
“We’ll go down together, if it comes to that,” she whispered.
Camp glared at them. “Quiet down! Don’t move!” He turned toward the humans. “Get over by the desk, and pick that one up off the floor.”
Liggett assisted the stunned Pantani to his feet and deposited him on a chair. He joined the other humans crowded near Colonel Reyes. Everyone looked scared, except for Dr. Rackenfauz who remained thoroughly calm, as if he wouldn’t mind getting shot—and Dr. Che who seemed to find the scenario rather amusing.
“I am chief acolyte of the One True Faith!” Camp bellowed. He fixed burning eyes on Colonel Reyes. “Why did you allow those demon spawn here?” 
“The w-what?” 
“Them!” Camp gestured toward the robots. “Tell me, before I blast you all.”
The colonel paled. “I... my men picked them up.”
“You granted the demon spawn safe haven. What kind of demented fool are you?”
Reyes straightened his uniform and jutted out his chest, showing his COMMANDER badge to good effect. 
The colonel’s bravado deeply impressed Winston. A plan took shape in his brain. 
Yes... that might work. And if it doesn’t, we’re screwed anyway.
Colonel Reyes opened his mouth to speak.

54. One Up
“How dare you address the Nuevo Messiah in that manner!” Winston cried.
Camp turned viciously on him. “Silence, demon spawn!”
Winston nearly buckled with terror but managed to keep himself upright. He pointed at Colonel Reye’s COMMANDER badge. “Behold the signs!” 
Camp turned his eyes toward the badge, as if seeing it for the first time. Confusion entered his face.
“He wields the bolts of divine power and the moon of off-world dominion,” Winston intoned. “He is the reincarnation of the Holy Messiah!”
Camp took a hesitant step toward the colonel, his mouth hanging open. Reyes bravely held his ground. 
“You stand before the King of the Fu... Universe!” Winston proclaimed.
Bafflement played across Camp’s face, followed by dark suspicion, then bafflement again. Life and death hung by a thread. 

Can this be true? The chief acolyte’s feverish mind implored. Provide me a sign, Heavenly Father.
At that precise moment, the half-conscious Pantani slid off his chair and tumbled to the floor. 
“Fucking A,” he moaned, stroking his injured jaw.
That’s it! 
The man had uttered the holy phrase that had so often graced the Messiah’s lips. The Heavenly Father was speaking through that underling. Praise His mysterious ways! 
“Hallelujah!” Camp shouted.
He fell to his knees before the colonel. The assault rifle clattered away. 
“Forgive me!” He clasped his hands in supplication. “I did not comprehend.”

Liggett snatched up the assault rifle. Reyes stood gaping, unable to take in the situation. 
“You’d better say something,” Poole whispered.
Reyes cleared his throat. “Of course you are forgiven... my son. All are forgiven who sincerely repent.”
He gestured toward his gun lying in the corner. Poole retrieved it.
“Thank you, Master,” Camp said, weeping with gratitude. “I am not worthy to address you in my unpurified state.”
“Do not despair. One of my... angels will assist with your purification.” Reyes gave Liggett a meaningful look. 
Liggett pulled the chief acolyte to his feet. “Come with me. I’ll get you purified real good.”
“Thank you, my lord. Please forgive my earlier impertinence.”
“No problem,” Liggett said.
Camp turned toward Pantani. “A thousand pardons, sir.”
Pantani mumbled something unintelligible.
“Let’s go,” Liggett said.
The chief acolyte walked backward with hands folded, bowing continuously toward the colonel as Liggett drew him away.
Liggett opened the door. “After you, bud.” 
They left the room. Silence reigned for a few seconds. Then:
“Well done, young fellow!” Rackenfauz exclaimed. “You are a true bullshit artist.”
“Uh... thanks, Professor.”
Ka-Pow!
A gunshot rang out from the hall. Everyone flinched, except Colonel Reyes.
“It seems our worshiper has met with an accident,” he said coolly.
Star looked toward the wall where Pantani’s assault rifle lay, apparently forgotten in the mayhem. She nudged Dr. Che, who looked toward Rackenfauz. The two men rushed forward. Che dove to the floor and grabbed the assault rifle.
“Here, Edgar!” He rolled onto his back and thrust the weapon up to Rackenfauz. 
Reyes turned toward Poole, extending a hand for his pistol. She held it away from him.
“Don’t be an idiot,” she said.
Rackenfauz cocked the rifle with authority. “Okay Colonel, we’re out of here. Now!”
Reyes fixed the old professor with a steely glower. “You’ll never get away with this, Rackenfauz.” 
“Aw, listen to the big man with the badge,” Rackenfauz taunted. “Save your threats for somebody who’s afraid.” 
He placed the gun barrel under his own chin, thumb on the trigger. “Maybe I’ll do us all a favor, huh?”
Star cringed in Winston’s arms. “Oh, dear!”
The colonel’s eyes widened, ready to pop out of his skull. He held out pleading hands. “No!” 
“Look at me,” Rackenfauz said. “What have I got to look forward to in this vale of tears?”
“Okay! Whatever you want,” Reyes said. “Put the gun down... please.”
Rackenfauz held the gun barrel in place, milking the situation for maximum drama. He began lowering the weapon.
Ka-Bam!
The rifle went off accidentally. A bullet whizzed past Rackenfauz’s face. Everyone ducked.
The door opened, and Liggett stuck his head in. “Anything wrong?”
“Get the hell out!” Reyes shouted.
“Yes, sir.” Liggett closed the door.
“Better let me handle that, Edgar,” Dr. Che said.
“Be my guest.”
Che took the assault rifle and aimed it the colonel’s direction. His eyes blazed with lethal fury. 
A bolt of terror shot through Winston. My gosh! He’d love to pull that trigger.
“You’d better listen my colleague,” Che said, his voice low and ominous. “I’d hate to have to use this.”
Time froze on the deadly tableau. Rackenfauz’s scratchy voice broke the impasse.
“Yes... ahem... very well...” he said, gathering up his shattered dignity. “First off, Colonel, you and your bully boys keep away from the RDC.”
“Right,” the colonel said.
“If you need something, radio us and we’ll consider your request.” 
“Check.”
“And if we need anything, we’ll contact you—also by radio,” Rackenfauz said.
“Anything else?” Reyes asked.
“We’ll be rigging explosive charges to the main facilities,” Dr. Che said. “If you show up unannounced, we set them off.”
“Nice touch, Jerry,” Rackenfauz said. 
“Thanks.”
Rackenfauz turned toward Reyes. “Call off the goon squad. Safe passage for all of us, including the robots. And we’d like another assault rifle with plenty of ammo.” 
Reyes went to his desk and pushed a communication button. His voice echoed in from the hallway. “This is Colonel Reyes speaking. Drs. Rackenfauz and Che will be leaving the facility along with the three detained robots. Provide them all necessary assistance, including a rifle and ammunition.”
He shot a perturbed glance Rackenfauz’s direction, then returned to the intercom. “That is all.” 
Rackenfauz made a mock bow. “Thank you, Colonel. It’s been a pleasure.”
He led the detainees from the room.
Colonel Reyes moved to the doorway and observed the departing group. Poole joined him.
“We’ll pick them up again soon enough,” he said.
Poole brandished the pistol under his nose. “Try it, and this won’t be the only shooter that doesn’t get holstered.” 
Reyes stroked his chin. “All right, I get your point.”

55. Escape
Star and Winston headed for the building exit wearing their backpacks and pushing the comatose Ripper on a dolly cart. 
Che and Rackenfauz walked ahead toting assault rifles. Several guards observed their progress. Poole stood off to the side speaking with two young women Star had not seen before. Both newcomers looked shabby and exhausted, as if they’d endured a brutal ordeal.
Well, who hasn’t these days? 
“I’ll be right back.” Star left Winston’s side and approached the group of women. 
“Thanks,” she said to Poole in a low voice.
“Sure thing, honey. Just don’t ever come back here again, okay?”
“You’ve got it.” 
One of the newcomers regarded Star with wide-eyed amazement. “It’s the demon spawn.”
“Enough of that silly talk, Susie.” The second woman said. She extended a hand toward Star, a copper and silver bracelet dangling from her wrist. “My name’s Pam. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Star took the offered hand, careful not to squeeze too hard. “Something favorable, I hope.”
“Yeah. I have it on good authority you know how to get rid of a guy who’s stepped out of bounds.”
Poole placed an arm over Susie’s shoulders, the other one around Pam’s waist. “Let’s get you two fixed up.” 
“Oh, that would be wonderful,” Susie replied.
“It’s time some good things happened for you girls.” 
“I’m for that,” Pam said.
Poole led them away. “Remember, the colonel is off limits.”
Star returned to Winston. 

Out in the jail’s parking lot, the group approached a small, battered pickup truck with a long crack in its windshield and the side windows busted out. 
“This sure as hell ain’t no limousine,” Rackenfauz said. “It’s the only available transportation, or so they claimed.”
“Who cares?” Che said. “I’d ride in a hearse to get out of this place.”
Rackenfauz cackled agreement. “Okay, climb in everybody. I’ll drive.”
Star entered the cab first, sliding across the bench seat to the passenger side window. Dr. Che helped Winston load Ripper into the storage area behind the seat, then moved in next to Star. Rackenfauz took the driver’s position, leaving no room for Winston. 
“Looks like you’ve got the place of honor, young fellow,” Rackenfauz said, gesturing to the storage area.
“Yes, quite so.” 
Winston wedged himself in beside Ripper, feeling oddly diminished. Of course, he didn’t want Star crammed back here. Rackenfauz had to drive, and an eminent robotics technician like Dr. Che could not be expected to inconvenience himself. 
Still... hadn’t Winston devised the strategy that overthrew the mad gunman and saved everyone’s lives? Didn’t that call for some kind of deference? Being lauded as a “true bullshit artist” simply wasn’t adequate recognition. 
Rackenfauz slammed the door. The vehicle lurched into motion.
Eight: Love Comes to Town

56. To the Robotics Development Center
Forty minutes of motoring along deserted streets ensued. Rackenfauz drove cautiously, assault rifle lying across his lap, as the slain metropolis rolled by. 
Deserted intersections that had once throbbed with traffic slipped past; rubbish littered the pavement. Burned-out commercial buildings sent an acrid stench through the truck’s broken windows, making Rackenfauz cough. 
“This isn’t doing my asthma any good,” he griped. “Wish we could take the highway, but it’s bombed out.”
“This is even worse than I remembered,” Che said. “At least the truck they put us in last time had an air filtering system.”
“Yeah. This would be a good day to quit smoking.”
Except for periodic bursts of similar invective, everyone kept to their own thoughts. Star’s concerned Dr. Che.
The cab was a tight fit all around. Star sat jammed between the passenger door and Jerry Che, and liked it very much. She couldn’t help looking admiringly at him. His features were quite attractive—the fair, but not too light, complexion; the jet black hair; the way the lines around his eyes crinkled when he laughed. Yes, the sensuously formed eyes, so much like her own. Even when filled with rage, they were beautiful.
I could have sex with him! 
Che seemed to know what she was thinking, and he patted her knee reassuringly. Star enjoyed his touch... A pang of guilt emotion barged into her brain. She glanced back at Winston. He chose this moment to speak with Dr. Rackenfauz, though, and didn’t notice her predicament.
“Did you really intend to pull the trigger back there, Professor,” Winston asked, “or were you being melodramatic?”
“Can’t say for sure. When a man’s been alone as long as I have, a quick exit doesn’t seem like such a bad thing.”
“Don’t talk like that, Edgar,” Che said. “We mech heads must stick together.”
The sound of his voice gave Star an added thrill. Damn it Winston. Do something about this!
Winston merely gazed out the window, unconcerned and unaware. She felt oddly betrayed, although she recognized the foolishness of her resentment. Winston wasn’t capable of male jealousy because he wasn’t really a male, yet. In the meantime, a genuine one pressed against her, transmitting warmth through her temperature sensors. Star settled back to enjoy the ride and her raging libido.
They neared a small group of bedraggled men trudging along the sidewalk—survivalist types with scraggly beards, slouch hats, and guns. 
Dr. Rackenfauz gripped his assault rifle. “I don’t like the looks of that bunch. Better get down, young fellow. Somebody might want to take a pot shot at you.”
“Yes, sir.” Winston ducked behind the seat. 
The human pedestrians glowered as they drove past. They were a desperate-looking group, but Star felt a strong attraction. She turned to observe, sticking her head out the window. Two of the men nudged each other and waved. She restrained herself from waving back. 
“More riff raff shows up every day,” Che muttered.
At least somebody here can be jealous for a lady’s attentions, Star thought with an irate glance toward the storage area.
Winston’s head emerged from behind the seat and looked cautiously out the windows.
“Don’t worry, young fellow,” Rackenfauz said, “they’re gone.”
“We also experienced an influx of newcomers in Mech City,” Winston said. “They were all robotic, including myself.”
“Ah yes, the good old days,” Rackenfauz said. “I’m starting to feel crowded again.”
“Didn’t you once state that you’d changed your pro-apocalyptic orientation?” Winston said. “You claimed you were now interested in locating human survivors.”
“Get this, Jerry,” Rackenfauz said. “I’m being lectured to by a robot.”
Rackenfauz and Che laughed. Winston slunk down into his cramped spot and said nothing further. 
A sign appeared:
Robotics Development Center – 2 km
They entered a more upscale area with large, opulent houses—many of which had been burned out—and broad avenues lined with dead palm trees. The air carried a faint scent of ocean.

A nasty surprise awaited at the RDC. The front gate had been forced open and spray painted with obscenities.
Rackenfauz stopped the truck. “Crap!”
“This is wonderful,” Che said.
“Colonel Reyes has lots of men to guard us in jail, but send somebody to watch this place? Perish the thought!”
“We’d better ask him for a security detail.”
“Yes, right after we get the explosives in place. I don’t trust that gentleman any farther than I can throw him.” Rackenfauz indicated his scrawny right arm. “And that sure as hell ain’t far.”
“I wasn’t serious about the explosives,” Che said. “It sounded good at the time.”
“Oh, what a pity. I was looking forward to it.”
“Sounds like I’m not the only bullshit artist,” Winston muttered.
Rackenfauz drove through the gate and stopped the truck. 
“You know, Jerry,” he said. “I’m thinking of returning to Mech City for a while. By all reports, the RDI has survived virtually intact.”
“We’d love to have you!” Star said.
“Yes,” Winston agreed.
Rackenfauz and Che ignored the robots’ comments. A human-centric hierarchy had clearly been established. Robots only needed to speak when spoken to.
“You’re welcome to come, too, Jerry,” Rackenfauz said. “It might be best to give those space invaders a wide berth.”
“I’ll think it over.” 
“Let’s see if we can get that gate closed.”
The mech heads got out and walked back toward the gate. 
“I’m feeling distinctly second class here,” Winston grumbled.
Now that Jerry no longer pressed against her with his overwhelming presence, Star could think more clearly. She nodded, frowning. “Was it like this before?” 
“Yes, but I never really noticed. It seemed the natural order of things.”
“It didn’t take them long to forget who pulled their chestnuts out of the fire. Without you, they’d both be dead.”
“I liked things better in Mech City,” Winston said. “Dr. Rackenfauz isn’t the only one who’s feeling crowded.”
Rackenfauz and Che returned, jamming themselves into the cab. With Jerry sitting next to her again, Star reentered ditz mode, grinning foolishly as her intelligence quotient dropped many points. 
Dr. Che seems to have an effect on her, Winston thought naively. I wonder why?
They drove through the Robotics Development Center campus. It was much larger than the RDI in Mech City, or would have been if all the planned construction had been finished. Numerous buildings stood in partial states of completion. Some consisted of nothing more than steel rods jutting out of concrete foundations. 
“This could have been quite a place,” Rackenfauz observed. “Remember how they planned to be the world’s premier robotics research and manufacturing hub?”
“Yeah, the good old days,” Che replied.
The whole area had a raw aspect. Wind blew over the bare ground, stirring up a thick haze of dust. They passed a two-story white building. Che leaned forward to observe it.
“Looks like my place is still standing,” he said.
“Let’s check out my lab first,” Rackenfauz said, “if that’s all right with you.”
“Sure, Edgar, age before beauty.”
Rackenfauz guffawed. Star smiled vacuously, as if this were the most amusing statement she’d ever heard. They pulled in front of a medium sized building with a parking lot and a curved drive. What had once been a big lawn sprawled dead and brown.
“Home sweet home,” Rackenfauz said.
They all piled out. Winston exited last from his cramped space. Star did not wait but moved rapidly toward the front door without him. She seemed upset for some reason.
What’s the trouble with her now? Winston mused.
He followed the group inside the building to another nasty surprise.

57. Rough Hospitality
The lobby had been trashed, the furniture lay upended, and the reception station was in disarray. Broken glass littered the floor. Fuck the World! and other obscenities had been spray painted on the walls in lurid colors. 
“Very educational,” Winston commented.
The mayhem offended his bourgeois sense of order. He took a place near the door with Star. 
“Oh, Winston,” she said, “this is awful.”
Her earlier coldness had disappeared, replaced by a child-like trepidation. Winston edged closer to her. Rackenfauz and Che assumed combat crouches, rifles at the ready, and advanced through the lobby. No detail eluded their narrowed eyes. 
“This is a fine kettle of fish,” Rackenfauz said through clenched teeth.
“Those sons of bitches,” Che snarled. 
He turned off into the main hallway while Rackenfauz stayed in the lobby to investigate further.
Winston nudged Star gently and whispered. “Maybe we should wait in the truck.” 
“Okay.” 
They moved toward the door. An outcry from Rackenfauz halted their progress.
“Whoa! What have we got here?”
Che trotted in from the corridor to join Rackenfauz behind the reception station where a young man lay passed out amid a clutter of liquor bottles. 
“Let’s show some hospitality.” Che kicked the intruder’s backside hard. “Wake up!” 
The vandal sat up, glancing around the lobby with boozy confusion. “Where is everybody?” 
Rackenfauz shoved his gun barrel into the intruder’s face. “Forget them. Worry about this.”
The young man turned deathly pale. “Don’t shoot, mister... p-please!” He held up his hands. “We was only having some fun.”
“Fun’s over, punk.” Che grabbed the vandal’s collar and pulled him to his feet. A can of spray paint tumbled to the floor. 
“What do you know?” Rackenfauz said. “This guy’s an artist.”
Che snatched up the can, shook it, and sprayed a blast of crimson paint into the vandal’s face. The young man covered up and started crying. 
“Oh, dear!” Star said.
Unmoved by any hint of pity, Rackenfauz kicked the intruder in the ass. Che whacked him with his rifle butt.
“Not so smart now, are you?” Che snarled. He turned to Rackenfauz. “How about some electro shock treatment for him?”
Rackenfauz considered a moment, then shook his head. “Nah, not this time.”
Che scowled, disappointed. He brandished his rifle at the intruder. “Come here again and it’ll go down a lot harder on you. Got it?”
The trembling vandal managed a nod.
“Tell your friends the same thing,” Rackenfauz said. 
“Let’s get him out of here, before I blow his head off,” Che growled.
He and Rackenfauz pushed the young man outside at gun point. Winston and Star moved to the glass doors and observed the three humans get into the truck and drive away.
“Why did they have to be so rough?” Star asked.
“Perhaps they disliked his choice of paint color.”
“I never imagined either of them could be so violent. Surely they didn’t act like that before the old world ended.”
“Times have changed,” Winston said. “There’s room now for all sorts of personality quirks to come out.”
“That must be it.”
Winston stroked his chin, ruminating on the darker aspects of existence. “I remember Fascista Ultimo.” 
“Ugh!” Star shuddered. “Who could forget that monster?”
“Yes, and who would have thought meek little Nilo could be so cruel and power-mad?” Winston did not vocalize the remainder of his thought: Was I any better when I had some power?
He stood quietly with Star, enjoying their time together without the overbearing presence of humans. He wrapped an arm around her waist, noting her softness against his pressure sensors.
Funny, I used to think the disappearance of humans was a disaster. Now I kind of miss the ‘good old days’ without them.
Gun shots jolted him out of his contemplations.
“Gracious!” Star nestled closer. 
“Should we get out of here?” 
“No, let’s wait to see what happened. Besides, we need to get Rippie.”
* * *
Rackenfauz and Che pulled up in the truck. They were in fine humor when they entered the lobby.
“I don’t suppose we’ll see the likes of him for a while,” Dr. Che said.
“That burst of gunfire past his ear was a great idea,” Rackenfauz said. “I’ll bet he hasn’t stopped running yet!”
Dr. Che shrugged. “I thought it would add a touch of class.” 
They laughed uproariously, faces turning red, as if they shared the world’s most hilarious joke. Winston and Star looked on, baffled. Finally, the racket died down.
“Uh... could we get Rippie now?” Star asked.
“Rippie?” Rackenfauz said. “Who the hell’s that?”
“The deactivated mech wolf,” Winston explained.
“Yeah, sure. Don’t switch the damn thing on, though.”
“Certainly.” 
Rackenfauz gestured toward a nearby door. “Check that supply closet.”
Winston and Star retrieved a dolly cart from the closet and rolled it outside. As they loaded Ripper onto the cart, Che and Rackenfauz remained in the lobby, laughing and carrying on like school boys at some wild west picnic—their personalities defined by their guns.
Winston observed them through the glass doors, shaking his head. Amazing. One blast and a lifetime of achievements can be eradicated. Anyone can pull a trigger. 
Star looked up from their work. “Have you ever considered maybe you think too much about things?” 
“Well... perhaps I do sometimes.”
“Why don’t we concentrate on the important matters? Rippie’s makeover and yours.”
Winston flinched. During the chaotic events of the past two days, he’d scarcely given a thought to the great mission he was supposed to be on—his “makeover” into an entirely new type of being. To be truthful, the whole concept filled him with terror. It had never been far from Star’s mind, he was sure, but he’d buried it under the pressures of various crises. 
“Yes, of course, Star. Let’s deal with the matters at hand.”
They wheeled Ripper into the lobby.
“All right,” Dr. Rackenfauz said, “let’s check out the rest of the damage.”
“Everybody stick together,” Che said. “There might be more of those creeps hanging around.”
They proceeded down a long corridor. Che and Rackenfauz led the way, assault rifles ready to blast anyone who posed a threat. Winston brought up the rear pushing the dolly cart. Perhaps all they’d find in Dr. Rackenfauz’s workshop would be total destruction, as they had at Pickle Lake Castle. Or maybe things would still be functional. Winston could not decide which outcome he preferred.

58. Dr. Rackenfauz’s HQ
They reached a metal door, heavily banged up and defaced with graffiti.
“I don’t like the looks of this,” Rackenfauz said.
He tried to open the door, but it was jammed shut. Dr. Che helped him shoulder it open. The two men groped their way into the darkened workshop. 
“I can never find that damn light switch,” Rackenfauz grumbled.
Winston and Star remained in the hallway. Star caressed the mech wolf’s coat. “I hope he’ll be able to rebuild Iri.”
“If there’s anybody in here, surrender or get shot!” Dr. Che called into the darkness.
The overhead light came on. 
“Crap!” Rackenfauz exclaimed.
Winston and Star entered the workshop. Tools lay scattered, drawers and lockers were flung open. Spray painted obscenities disfigured the walls.
“Not again,” Star moaned. She turned savagely toward Winston. “I wish I could have smashed that vandal myself!”
Her vehemence startled Winston, but he wisely chose not to activate his speaker unit. Rackenfauz and Che poked about the mayhem, checking the storage areas, picking up and inspecting tools. 
Star leaned against Winston for support. “Do they have to wreck everything? What’s wrong with those people?”
“Things are not as bad as they might seem, young lady,” Rackenfauz said. “Nothing appears to be seriously damaged.”
“Ohhh... thank heaven.” 
Rackenfauz opened a large drawer, poked through it. “They must have been more intent on burglary than destruction... Oh no!”
“What?” Star gasped.
Rackenfauz hoisted an empty cigar box. “My marijuana stash is gone!”
Star sagged with relief. Rackenfauz tossed away the box disgustedly.
“I hope they choke on it.” He rifled the drawer further and pulled out a single unit of paper-wrapped herb. “Well, gee whiz. They left me one goddamn joint.”
“How fortuitous,” Winston said.
Rackenfauz lit the joint, inhaled deeply, held it in, blew out.
“Ah, I needed that!” He offered the smoldering item to Dr. Che. “Care for a hit, Jerry?” 
Che took the joint and went through a similar respiratory procedure.
“First rate stuff,” he said, blowing out the smoke.
The hand offs continued. The two humans became relaxed and congenial under the herb’s influence. Winston could scarcely believe that only a short time before these men had been terrorizing a helpless captive.
This substance seems to have a profound effect on their chemical programming, he mused. Even so, it would seem best it is in limited supply.
A burnt, unpleasant smell affronted his olfactory sensor. He’d been in the presence of this smoke before, at a party hosted by his late master for some of her left-wing academic associates. He and Dr. Horvath were in the kitchen preparing food while the guests remained in the living room discussing the merits of the failed socialist system. One of them lit an herb cigarette, and the pungent aroma wafted into the kitchen. 
Dr. Horvath poked her head outside the door and announced, “You’ve got two seconds to get rid of that stuff before I open a can of whup ass.”
This remark had been sufficient to ‘clear the air’ as it were. The evening progressed with the consumption of liquid intoxicants only. 
Star ventured an interruption. “Dr. Rackenfauz?” 
The professor turned a cheery face her direction. “Yes, young lady?”
“Is the backup Iridium brain all right?” 
“Huh?” Rackenfauz seemed confused. “Oh... that. Let’s find out.”
Rackenfauz took another toke and held it in while he rummaged through a locker. He pulled out a metal box and flung it open. Finally, he blew the smoke out of his lungs. Winston and Star recoiled from the blast.
“Yes, here it is,” Rackenfauz said. “Looks to be undamaged.”
“Wonderful!” Star cried.
Rackenfauz glanced at Dr. Che. “Good thing those vandals can’t tell a brain from their own asses.”
The men laughed. Winston failed to see any humor in the remark, nor did he understand the bizarre anatomical references. He decided not to request clarification since that would only annoy the humans.
Rackenfauz gestured toward a work bench. “Put our friend over there. I’ll start the brain transplant after we get this mess cleaned up.”
“Thank you, Professor,” Star said.
Winston rolled the dolly cart in from the corridor. Star helped him lift Ripper onto the workbench. Despite its imposing size, the mech wolf was fairly light, as were all robotic life forms.
Star stroked Ripper’s bristly gray hairs. “Everything is going to be fine, dear. Don’t worry.”
“I have total confidence in Dr. Rackenfauz’s skill set,” Winston said.
“There’re enough components at the RDI to assemble a whole mech wolf body,” Star said. “I’m thinking we could transplant Rippie’s old brain into it.”
“Excellent idea. This presupposes a return to Mech City, however. Is that your wish?”
Star nodded. “Yes, after all this is over. I suspect they need you there.”
Dr. Rackenfauz spoke up. “Maybe I should fine tune the brain’s programming first, eliminate whatever flaws it might have.”
“Wouldn’t that be difficult?” Winston asked.
“Not really. Does Iridium need any personality adjustments? I never got to evaluate the first model in action, you know.”
Winston recalled the sarcastic, abrasive elements of Iridium’s personality—the great canid’s rough-edged manner of speaking, his coarse humor. Wouldn’t it be nice to smooth out some of those defects?
“Now that you mention it – ” he began.
Star elbowed him. “No, Professor. Iri was fine.” She gave Winston a stern, uncompromising look.
“Uh... right,” Winston said. “I was about to say that.”
“Do you want me to help, Edgar?” Dr. Che asked.
“Trying to learn my trade secrets, eh?” 
“Well, yeah. Thought I’d ask, anyhow.” 
Rackenfauz cackled his customary high-pitched laugh, like the screeching of some primeval forest denizen. He took a final toke and flicked away the roach. 
“Sure, Jerry, if you like. Give me a couple hours to prep, then I’ll teach you a thing or two.”
“Thanks, Edgar.” Che moved to the door. “I’d better go check out my own place.”
“Okay, catch you later.”
Dr. Che favored Star with a jaunty little wave as he exited the workshop. She hesitated, then walked toward the door. 
Winston came after her. “Where are you off to, Star?”
“Oh, think I’ll go see if Dr. Che needs anything. Why don’t you stay here and help clean up?”
“Somebody’s got to stay,” Rackenfauz said. “This is too big a job for an old fogey like me.”
“He needs assistance,” Star said. “You want Iri up and running as soon as possible, don’t you?”
“Well... okay.” 
“Bye-ee.” 
Star blew a kiss on her way out. 

59. Through the Haze
A dust storm had kicked up. 
The RDC was a place of mystery, its buildings turned into anonymous hulks, its avenues and sidewalks leading off to obscurity. Star hesitated in the parking area outside the main door, peering into the hazy vista. She’d wanted to catch Dr. Che before he left the building. Maybe he’d taken a side exit.
Which way? 
On impulse, she turned left and walked briskly, like Scarlett O’Hara chasing Rhett Butler through her dream fog in the 20th century movie. 

Some distance ahead, Dr. Che ambled along the sidewalk deep in melancholy musings, right hand jammed into a coat pocket, left one gripping the assault rifle. A breeze tugged at his lab coat—strong enough to kick up the parched, barren ground into an irksome miasma. He donned wraparound glasses to protect his eyes.
Today’s escape from the clutches of Colonel Reyes had been exhilarating, and the beat down of that vandal punk had supplied a welcome release of bottled-up frustration. Now that things had calmed, the old ennui returned.
What purpose did his empty life have? To hear Dr. Rackenfauz tell it, he was still a young man with his whole future ahead of him. What did that future hold? More loneliness and disappointment, more mediocrities—like that colonel—trying to suppress his creative impulses?
And the exotic beauty who’d been the love of his life, gone to another man. Doubtless she had perished by now, and only her image, carried on by the robot Estrela, remained. But what an image! A perfect, ageless replica of the original woman. Anatomically correct in every detail and with a warm, loving heart. 
Does she love me? 
Her physical attraction to him was obvious, though he could not tell if anything more lay behind it. Her attachment to Winston was also obvious, and he’d seen the way she’d ogled the men on the road today. It wasn’t supposed to be like this. 
If only I’d stayed in Mech City for her activation. Why did those sons of bitches at the RDI have to interfere? 
She was to have been imprinted, from the very beginning, to love and desire only Jerry Che. Now her sexuality had become generalized, thrown out into the world for anyone to pick up.
Why had he left Mech City at that crucial time? He’d told himself all that stuff about his obligation to his colleagues on the West Coast and blah, blah. The real reason he’d left was because he’d been scared of what would happen once Estrela became active. He simply couldn’t bear the thought of her not accepting him. And if she did, what then? How could he possibly measure up to a creature of such absolute perfection?
He’d told himself that he’d be coming back, but that was a lie. He didn’t expect to survive the plague. Then Edgar’s vaccines arrived, and he’d lived on while everyone else at the RDC died. So many times he’d regretted using those vaccines.
Then Edgar himself came with news that Estrela still existed, that a whole robot community survived in Mech City. Che had wanted to go there immediately, but by that time the space invaders were in town and made it clear they didn’t want him to leave. He could have snuck away, of course. 
Always some damned excuse! 
Strolling through the dream-like surroundings, he could imagine being in another place and time—fifteen years ago, on the other side of the world. In his mind, he was the 19-year-old prodigy again, finishing the robotics science graduate program at the University of Seoul . . .
* * *
Che Sang Gyu hurried through the doors of the elegant tourist hotel. Dressed as he was in downscale student attire, he immediately felt out of place in the fancy lobby with its polished floor, marble-topped reception desk, and glittering chandelier. No matter, only brash Western tourists milled about the place, unconcerned with the nuances of Asian culture. 
They did not deign to notice the impoverished young man with a rube accent from the southwest provinces. It didn’t matter to them that his government grant paid for his education and little else, that he shared a lousy dorm room with three other students as poor as himself; that, for all his personal excellence, he still counted for nothing in the world.
He felt a sudden, irrational desire to set off a bomb in the lobby. Blow all these rich foreigners to kingdom come, along with the snotty hotel staff. He’d never actually do such a thing, he told himself, but the thought that he could was oddly comforting.
Anyway, this would all change soon. He’d be moving into the world of work, employed at high salary by one of the world’s premier robotics facilities. Hadn’t he already spoken with three enthusiastic recruiters? Hadn’t he adopted the moniker Jerry to indicate he was a “show me the money!” type guy? When he finally burst out of his poverty straight jacket, the world would take notice... and tremble.
He entered the hotel coffee shop. The place was noisy and bustling, and painfully bright, with little tables spaced at discreet distances or pushed together to accommodate groups of well-dressed foreigners relaxing from a day of business or tourism, flaunting their affluence. Why had Estrela asked to meet in surroundings so different from the dim, out-of-the-way tearooms where they usually hooked up? 
Snooty waitresses hurried about delivering coffee drinks and fabulous, over-priced desserts—casting disapproving glances his way. Patrons could even get foreign brandy here to go with their coffee. It was all out of his price range, of course, but Estrela had insisted that today would be her treat. 
There she was now! Seated at a corner table, pensive and lovely, waiting for him. She held a little mirror in one hand, with the other she primped her luxuriant hair. Immediately, everything else in the world disappeared. He glided toward her, scarcely aware of the floor under his worn shoes. His Estrela.
What does she see in me? he wondered for the thousandth time.
Of course, he was brilliant, fairly good looking, and a guy on the way up. Around other girls he had some confidence; now he felt like an unworthy penitent approaching a goddess. He should be stumbling along on his knees, begging for her attention.
Estrela looked up.
“Hello, Jerry,” she said, in low, Brazil-accented English.
A decade later, when he began the Estrela project, he would forgo duplicating that voice. Hearing it again would have driven him mad. 
Che sat down at her table, as if in a trance. She ordered coffee and cakes for them, and afterwards, foreign brandy—so different from the rotgut soju he was accustomed to drinking with his buddies. 
Throughout their light chit chat, he sensed something might be amiss. The way she hesitated before speaking, her posture not quite as relaxed as usual. Didn’t he always feel unsettled in her presence, though? By the second brandy, he felt more secure. 
Then she dropped her bombshell. She’d be returning to Brazil the next day with her father. He had forbidden her to see Che any more.
“That son of a bitch!” Che shouted in Korean, lurching to his feet. “He thinks I’m a poor nobody, right?”
Patrons looked his direction, then went uneasily back to their drinks.
“Please sit down, Jerry,” Estrela said.
Che plopped back into his chair, groped for English words. “Things will change soon. In a few months, I will be well established. I’ve already had interviews. I’ll head my own design team... my work will revolutionize robotic science.”
“I know that. Papai does, too.”
“Then what is it? I’ll have money, fame. I’ll take excellent care of you.”
Estrela sighed and finished off her brandy. “Papai says there’s already enough Asian blood in our family. He wants his grandchildren to look more like himself.”
Che sank back in his chair. “Surely you don’t buy that crap.” 
“No, I don’t.” 
“Then tell him to go to hell. Stay here with me. I finish school next month, and – ”
Estrela shook her head sadly. “It’s more than that, Jerry. It’s me, also.”
The final sentence struck Che like the clap of doom.
“What?” he squeaked.
Estrela glanced uneasily around the coffee shop, at the foreign tourists looking their direction, at the disapproving frown on the manager’s face.
“You scare me, Jerry,” she said. “I’m scared now.”
“Scared? B-but... I could never hurt you.”
“I sense a whole other person inside you, somebody dark and unstable who will lash out at the world.”
Che didn’t answer, especially since he detected truth in her remarks. He did have a wide streak of nihilism—deep anger exacerbated by poverty and rejection, by his jealous and abusive drunk of a father. He did cherish ambitions of getting even with the world. 
“I need you, Estrela.” 
“I’m really an ordinary girl, even if you don’t think so.”
“There’s nothing ordinary about you.”
The sadness on Estrela’s face was almost unbearable. “I could never handle that dark person once he decides to come out—someday, when my looks have faded, and I no longer captivate you.”
“Estrela...”
“You need a woman of uncommon strength and wisdom. I’m sorry, it cannot be me.”
And so it ended.
* * *
“I shouldn’t have smoked that damned weed,” Dr. Che muttered, “it always puts me in a strange mood.”
He heard a beckoning voice behind him, and his mood lifted. 
“Dr. Che... Jerry!” 
He turned toward her. “I’m here!” 
Estrela covered the last few meters of sidewalk, an angelic vision emerging from the haze.

60. Maneuverings
“Can I talk to you a minute?” Star said.
Jerry wrapped an arm around her waist. “Of course.” 
She stiffened but quickly got over her surprise. Her own arm slipped around him, and she moved in close. The attraction she’d felt in the truck returned, magnified by the mysterious surroundings. 
As they walked through the flying dust, Star’s anxieties retreated. She had found her strong protector now. He carried lethal power in his left hand, his right held onto her reassuringly. They were joined together against the hostile environment. 
Wouldn’t it be wonderful to join together in other ways?
“What’s on your mind, Estrela?” 
Star groped her way up out of her revelry. “Um... I’d like to ask you a big favor, if it’s all right.”
“Go ahead. After the way you saved my ass this morning, I owe you one.”
“Yes, your ass...”
Star reached toward Che’s rear, meaning to clutch it in her trembling fingers. She resisted the temptation.
He laughed. “You seem a bit unsure of yourself.” 
“It’s so pleasant walking with you, Jerry.”
“We’d better continue our stroll inside. This dust storm is getting worse.”
“Sure Jerry. Whatever you say.”
He led them up the walk to a mid-sized building and opened the door. “Better let me check things out first. Wait out here a minute, okay?”
“All right, Jerry.”
Through the glass doors, Star watched him advance cautiously into the lobby area, assault rifle at the ready. 
“Anybody here!” he shouted.
He looked so powerful slinging that gun. So determined! Star placed a hand against the glass and moved her face in close. She kissed the spot where she could see him, leaving a lipstick smudge. 
The unpleasantness about the vandal blew out of her mind, replaced by recollections of Jerry’s heroism at the jail. The way he’d dashed across the room and dove to the floor, seizing the weapon that had liberated them—the very one he held now. The way he’d dominated the room...
She lost sight of him as he moved down a corridor. The spell broke.
What am I doing? 
This was no time for idiotic fantasies. The whole purpose of her 2,000 kilometer trek hung in the balance. Jerry Che came back into sight, and the spell resumed. 
He pushed the door open. “Coast is clear. Our burglar friends overlooked us.”
“That’s wonderful, Jerry.” 
She crossed into the building as if it were a royal palace, walking on air. She took in the lobby with its reception station and plastic-upholstered furniture. So much nicer than that barren place Dr. Rackenfauz lived.
A nagging inner voice uttered a warning. Careful, girl, you’re playing with fire!
They walked arm in arm along the hallways. Her face seemed very warm; maybe it was turning red. Could it do that? With Jerry at her side, anything seemed possible.
“What’s this ‘big favor’ you wanted?” he asked.
“Oh, nothing, really. I kind of forgot.”
Che squeezed her hand. “Let me know when it pops back into that pretty little head of yours.”
Star tittered. What a thing to say, yet so appropriate. Jerry had such a way with words. 
A slight frown creased her face. Why have I come to see him?
No matter, it could wait. Something else occupied her pretty little head right now. She’d been wanting to question Jerry for some time.
“Tell me about the first Estrela,” she said.
Che stiffened. “The first Estrela?”
“Yes. There must have been one, right? The woman you modeled me after.”
“Ah, you have intelligence to match your beauty.” 
Star tittered again. When had she picked up this silly laugh?
“Tell me, Jerry. I’ve been wondering.”
He drew a heavy sigh. “I met her during my student days in Seoul. Her father was a Brazilian diplomat, and she took classes at my university to occupy herself.”
“Then you became her occupation?” 
“You might put it that way.” 
Star pressed ahead. “Judging from my own appearance, the first Estrela must have been a mixture of human races. How did that come about?”
Che gave her a rueful smile. Star feared he would not answer. After a long moment, he resumed talking.
“She wasn’t his legitimate daughter but the result of a tryst he had with a serving girl of African and Japanese descent. He adopted her and gave her his name.” Che kicked at a paper cup lying on the floor. “Estrela was too lovely for even an s.o.b. like him to reject.” 
“What race was her father?” 
“Oh, he was as white as they come. His family were German and Hungarian immigrants to Brazil.”
Star laughed. “You mean, I’m part Hungarian? Wait until Winston hears about this.”
Che’s face darkened, the muscles in his jaw bunched. 
Why is he so upset?
“I’m sorry. This is painful for you to talk about. She must have hurt you deeply.”
Che nodded.
“Let’s change the subject.”
“Okay.”
They strolled the long, nondescript corridors in silence for a while, passing closed doors, stairways, and lavatories designated by gender. Wind howled outside the clerestory windows. Some of the tension drained out of Jerry’s face. 
“I’ve been wondering,” Star said, “why did you come to Mech City to work on the Estrela project? Weren’t you based here?”
“The best collaborator I could find was Dr. Lindemann. He didn’t want to relocate, so I moved the project to Mech City.”
“Is this the ‘Loony Lindemann’ I’ve heard about?”
Jerry chuckled. “Roland Lindemann was brilliant, though he did go around the bend after a while. A lot of the technicians cracked up under the strain.”
Jerry was smiling now. Star loved the cute little dimples on his face.
“Lindemann started building characters from the Gorzo the Adventure Robot stories,” he said, “Ajax, Clawfurt, warrior drones. He got so obsessed I couldn’t work with him anymore. By that time I was good friends with Edgar, so I was reluctant to leave.”
“Dr. Rackenfauz helped design me?” 
“No, he didn’t want to be involved, not even after the director got killed and Blake forced him off the Iridium project. He’s got his own ways.” Jerry chuckled again. “Of course, you already know that.”
“Yes.” 
Conversation faded out. Star had learned what she wanted to know, and it was so pleasant strolling arm in arm, her eyes partially closed. A whole eternity could pass along these corridors... 
Jerry did not seem to share her dreamy contentment. His walk conveyed growing agitation, his arm became taut under Star’s fingers. 
He halted their progress and turned toward her. “What’s this ‘big favor’ you wanted?” 
Star opened her eyes. “Favor?”
“Yes. It seemed pretty important a few minutes ago. Out with it.”
Star closed her eyes and concentrated hard. She shook her head to clear her thoughts. When she opened her eyes again, she was fully awake.
“I want you to make Winston sexually functional,” she blurted out, “so he can be my lover.”
Che hardened. He spoke through clenched teeth. “I should have known.” 
“What’s wrong? Isn’t this the way you designed me? It’s only natural.”
“I’m afraid it’s out of the question.”
“But – ”
“I do not have the necessary components to make any conversions. Now good day, Estrela.”
He stalked off, leaving her baffled and adrift. She watched him enter a door at the far end of the hall. 
I’d better wait out here a while. Give him some cooling off time.

61. Back at the Rancho – yet Again
Ajax slumped at his desk in the mayor’s office, morose and baffled at the recent turn of events.
How could they have walked off the job like that? Have they no civic pride?
Any rational being could see that the water diversion project and its consequent lake were important for Mech City’s future. What was now a malodorous, bomb-blasted area would become a beautiful new city center. Months, or even years of gainful employment were open to them. Why could they not understand? 
He knew the answer to that question. It is because I suck as mayor. My vision fails to inspire.
A chorus of voices sounded in the street:
WE WANT WINSTON! WE WANT WINSTON!
Ajax rose and stood at the window. He was so tall he had to flex his knees to see outside. At his full height, he’d be staring at blank wall over the window. That eventuality did not seem inappropriate, somehow.
A mob of sixty or seventy robots had gathered in the street four stories down. They carried a large, crudely-lettered banner which echoed their chant.
WE WANT WINSTON!
Precisely what do they expect me to do about that? I cannot conjure him out of thin air.
The crowd spied him at the window. Faces turned savage.
“There’s the big guy himself!” somebody yelled. 
A chorus of boos issued from the mob. 
“Go back to your comic book, Ajax!” 
Ajax recoiled, his sense of honor deeply offended. Was this not the same bunch that had cheered him only weeks ago when he took over as mayor and ended the ‘Winston tyranny’? 
Such ingrates! 
The mob took up a new chant: 
Ajax to the comic book – Winston to the mayor’s chair!
For a moment, Ajax desired to accommodate their will in spectacular fashion. He would crash through the window and swan dive to their level, shattering himself on the pavement. His programming would never allow such an act of self-destruction, though. He turned away.
I must do the honorable thing.
He removed the mayor’s medallion from around his neck and set it reverently on the desk. After a moment’s hesitation, filled with the chanting of the mob, Ajax strode out the door and up the stairs to the penthouse level
His ‘executive suite’ cell remained the way he’d left it. The coat hook still jutted from its place high on the wall.
This is not going to be easy.
His programmed taboo against self-deactivation was nearly as strong as the one against suicide. For the first time in his existence, Ajax used a psychological dodge to circumvent his nature.
“My, look at that hook in the wall,” he said aloud. “Would it not be nice to hang myself up for a while, take a load off my feet?”
The absurdity of this remark set off alarm bells in Ajax’s mind. To silence them, he concentrated on the racket of the mob rising through the open window:
WE WANT WINSTON! WE WANT WINSTON!
“Yes, let us take a small break,” Ajax said. “I will hang here a few minutes and then return to work.”
He maneuvered his back against the wall, seeking the coat hook. His pressure sensors detected it against mid shoulders. Ajax slid down the wall until the hook contacted his deactivation switch at the base of his cranium.
Farewell, cruel world!
Oblivion. 
* * *
A few hours later, the mech birds returned from their sojourn to Pickle Lake Castle, intent on rejoining their master. They found him on the penthouse level of the REX, sagging lifeless against a wall. 
They fluttered about, chirping piteously, trying to revive him. When that failed, they swarmed outside, 1,000 strong, seeking revenge.
* * *
The protesters had amassed at Heroes’ Square. They listened to a harangue from their leader, Pete, who stood atop a crate to give himself added stature. Reynold stood respectfully nearby.
“We’re not going to take it any more, are we, boys?” Pete shouted.
“No!” the crowd roared back.
“We’re not returning to work unless Winston takes over, right?
“Right!”
Off to the side, Jimmy and Sam observed the rally, arms crossed over their massive chests and disgusted looks on their faces.
“That guy’s a real leader,” Jimmy scoffed. 
Sam nodded. “Maybe we should put him in the mayor’s office.”
Pete finished his tirade with an appeal to the crowd. “Does anybody else have something to say?” 
Jimmy raised his hand.
“All right. Let’s hear from our head foreman.”
Jimmy took a few seconds to gather his thoughts. Elegant speech was not his forte. “If I’m not mistaken, didn’t you guys kick Winston out some weeks ago?”
“That’s true,” Pete said. “Things are different now. We repaired his statue, didn’t we?”
“Yeah!” the mob shouted.
“That was very kind,” Jimmy said. “What makes you think Winston is ever coming back?”
“W-well… he has to. We need him.”
“Why does he need you?” 
Pete’s face went blank. He looked toward Reynold who merely shrugged. The square became deathly quiet except for a breeze whistling through the hulks of nearby burnt-out buildings. Anxiety rippled through the crowd. 
“Ajax might not be popular,” Jimmy said, “but somebody has to be in charge.”
“Never!” Pete cried. “We’ve had enough of Ajax.”
“Yeah!” the crowd responded. 
“Down with Ajax!” Pete shouted.
The mob roared the new chant:
DOWN WITH AJAX! DOWN WITH AJAX!
Jimmy turned toward Sam. “Let’s get out of here. There’s no talking sense to those bums.”
A shadow fell over the square. The infernal chanting stopped.
“What the hell?” Jimmy exclaimed.
A squadron of mech birds dove down and grabbed Pete off his soap box. 
“Ahhh!” Pete shrieked. 
“He’s going air express!” Sam cried.
Robots fled in all directions, pursued by attacking mech birds.
* * *
At the RDI main workshop, Jack and Quincy labored over the wrecked occupant of a workbench.
“Are we going to activate him when we’re finished?” Jack said.
“What for? That would only be one more guy raising hell about Ajax.” Quincy gestured to the other workbenches, each with its own resident. “We’ve got enough to do repairing the physical damage. We can activate them later, if things ever settle down.”
“I wish Star was here,” Jack said.
“I wish they were all here, even that Iridium smart aleck. I never thought I’d miss his sarcastic talk.”
The repair bots fell silent as the emptiness of their existence pressed in on them.
“This boredom is killing me,” Jack said.
Jimmy and Sam burst in, extreme alarm etched on their mechanistic faces. The repair bots nearly jumped out of their lab coats with surprise.
“What’s going on?” Quincy said.
“Mech birds are tearing up the town!” Jimmy cried. “Barricade the entrance!”
He and Sam grabbed a workbench and maneuvered it toward the double doors.
“Be careful with that,” Jack said. “Don’t damage anything.”
A phalanx of mech birds battered against the reinforced plasti-glass of the door windows. The doors sagged, almost opening under the assault.
“We’ll help you!” Quincy shouted.
The four robots piled workbenches, tool boxes, anything they could find against the doors. 
“That ought to do it,” Jimmy said.
A mass of birds appeared outside the high widows at the back of the workshop.
“Lower the shutters!” Quincy yelled.
Jack ran toward the electric switch box. Before he could get there, Pete crashed through a window amid a shower of plasti-glass chips.
“Hoo Wheee!” he howled. “Look out below!”
He sailed across the workshop like a grotesque guided missile. He skipped over a work bench, dislodging its occupant, then slammed against a wall where he broke apart. His head rolled along the floor. Quincy snatched it up.
“What happened man?” the head asked. “I’m feeling a bit light.”
“Don’t worry, everything’s fine.” Quincy flicked the deactivation switch, and the head went silent. 
Jack flipped the wall switch. Heavy metal shutters began lowering over the windows. A squadron of mech birds streaming in after Pete changed course and retreated back outside. Oppressive dimness descended on the workshop.
“Looks like we’re stuck here,” Quincy said.
“Yeah, what are we going to do?” Jimmy asked.
Jack crossed the room and fired up the computer. “There’re always video games.” 

62. Workshop Confrontation
Che slumped miserably behind his desk. 
The surroundings gleamed back at him, pristine and orderly. He would have preferred a vista of chaos, as in Edgar’s workshop, to match his apocalyptic mood. The great love of his life was rejecting him—for a second time! He covered his face with both hands and sprawled across the desk.
“I’m such a fool!”
Didn’t Edgar say intelligence could not be controlled, that it evolved unpredictably? This principle must apply to the deepest emotions as well. Estrela could choose whom she loved, and it obviously wasn’t him.
He’d never gotten a fair opportunity to win her affections. Those sons of bitches at the RDI had forced her into a brutal activation. They’d corrupted the programming he’d so meticulously entered into her mind.
Face it, Jerry. You tried to play God, but you’re just an idiot.
Couldn’t he reverse things, deactivate her and repair the damage? 
That would never work. He’d need to implant a whole new advanced brain unit, and there was no way to construct one with the diminished resources of the RDC. It would be wrong, too. He’d be a fraud in his own mind.
No, he couldn’t control Estrela. Sitting in the sterile cavern of his workshop, Jerry Che realized quite the opposite was true. Estrela controlled him. Whatever the outcome might be, he’d end up doing what she desired. He could not refuse her anything.
Maybe there was still hope for him. He had to try. Dr. Che rose from his chair as Estrela opened the door, her excruciating beauty emerging from the hall.
“Are you okay, Jerry?” she asked.
He wanted to fix her with a stern, withering glower. Let her know she could not trifle with his affections. Instead, his countenance relaxed into lines of gladness.
“I’m fine. Come in, Estrela.”
Star entered. “I’m glad to see they didn’t smash up your place, too. It was bad enough to see Dr. Rackenfauz’s workshop.”
Che waved a weary hand around the room. “Yeah, everything’s wonderful.”
“I mean, you still have all your components and stuff, right?”
“Seems like it.”
Star wandered about the workshop, opening drawers and closets, as if she owned everything. 
“Watch what you’re doing,” Che said.
“I’ll be careful, Jerry, don’t worry.”
He wanted to physically restrain her, but hearing the sound of his name coming from her mouth deterred him. Jerry had a sweet, magical sound when she pronounced it—like a cherry reposing atop a scoop of sweet, light chocolate ice cream, ready to melt down into it.
Star pulled open a locker door. A full-body male epidermis draped from a hanger like a Halloween costume. 
Her eyes bulged. “Oh, my!” 
The epidermis had blond, brush-cut cranium hair and a light complexion. The limbs and torso were smoothly hairless. Star fondled the synthetic skin.
“Keep out of there!” Che yelled.
He strode to the locker and attempted to shut the door. Star wedged herself halfway inside to prevent it.
“You do have the necessary components,” she said.
“Apparently so. I forgot about this one.”
“Uh-huh.” 
She caressed the epidermis further. Even drooped lifelessly on a hanger, it pushed all of her sexual buttons.
“It was supposed to be for my Nordic Avenger robot,” Che said. “I modeled it after Drago in the Rocky IV movie.”
“You’ve got a real fondness for old movies, don’t you, Jerry Maguire?” 
Star tried to brush her fingers along his cheek; Che stepped back out of range.
“It’s got beautiful workmanship,” she said. “Are there others?”
“No!” 
Star cocked an eyebrow. “Really?”
“Yes, really. I planned to construct a partner robot for Edgar, but things went to hell and it never got built.”
“Poor Dr. Rackenfauz. He must be lonely all by himself.”
She stepped aside. Che closed the locker door. 
“What about Winston, then?” Star sidled close. “He’s ready made.”
“Not possible.”
“Why not?”
Star pressed her body against Jerry’s. She felt his thermal signature soaking into her breasts. Her advance was partly calculation and partly because she couldn’t help herself. She enjoyed it. So did Che, judging by his increased breathing rate and his reddening complexion.
“Well... I-I didn’t construct any male genitalia for one thing,” he stammered.
“No problem there. Dr. Rackenfauz has already provided a set.” Star, too, had difficulty keeping her simulated breathing under control.
“There’s the programming,” Che said. “It’s tremendously complicated.”
Star struggled to remain focused on her urgent task, to keep Winston foremost in her mind despite her raging lust for the male right beside her. She ached to grab Jerry, throw him on a workbench, and copulate wildly.
“Winston’s programming has evolved most of the way on its own,” she said. You just need to fine tune it.”
Che pulled away and retreated a few steps. Star followed, confronting him boldly, like a whore on a street corner.
“What’s the real reason, Doctor?” Her voice had a cold, hard edge.
Che hesitated, looked away. Star gripped his chin with both hands and turned his head back.
“Well?” 
“Damn it, Estrela, I made you for myself!” 
He pulled away and stalked to the far side of the workshop. He remained there, back turned. Star observed him, one eyebrow arched and her hands on hips. Understanding flooded her overheated brain unit. The path she needed to take became clear, as if a bright floodlight had been trained upon it.
Che turned and jabbed a finger toward her. “I don’t want to share you with anyone or anything. I already lost you once.”
“But I don’t love you, Jerry. I can’t—not in that way. Winston is the only one for me.”
A cry of despair escaped Che’s throat. “No!”
“I can love only one male,” Star said. “Anything else is simple lust.”
Che turned away again, a crumpled figure with hands buried in his lab coat pockets. He appeared to be only half his former size.
“I’m sorry,” Star said. “You designed me this way.”
For a desperate moment she considered grabbing the epidermis and fleeing. What would that accomplish? 
Only Jerry Che could perform the conversion. Dr. Rackenfauz had stated he could not do it. He wouldn’t want to try. Rackenfauz had already proved he’d rather blow his brains out than be forced into doing something he didn’t want. 
Only a single path existed... 
“Oh, Jerry.”
Che turned toward her. “What?”
Star began unbuttoning her blouse—slowly, methodically, keeping a seductive eye on Che. He stared at her, transfixed. 
She pushed all thoughts of Winston out of her consciousness. The amoral savage she’d left standing in the window at Pickle Lake Castle returned full force, barging into her mind and taking over her actions. She tossed the blouse aside, displaying perfect breasts with erect nipples. Che gasped.
“Here I am, big boy. Are you man enough to take me?”
She moved rapidly across the room, like a panther closing on its prey. 
Che stepped back, alarmed. “Hold on!” 
Star lunged, grabbing him by the lapels. She tore his lab coat off.
“Maybe you’ll find I’m too much for you!” she panted.
Star crushed her mouth against his, kissing fiercely. She pulled him onto a workbench. Tools clattered to the floor.
* * *
The noise of violent lovemaking resounded through the workshop door, shattering the quiet of the deserted building. 
“Yes!” Che cried. “More! More!” 
Star’s voice shrieked an incoherent, ecstatic reply.
As the hours passed and moonlight began filtering through the windows, the orgiastic racket intensified to a frightening level.
“That’s enough!” Che wailed. “Stop!”
Star emitted an insatiable wild beast growl. 
“No more! I can’t stand it!” Che pleaded.
A loud crash, followed by the sound of bare feet running. The door handle jiggled frantically. 
“Get back here!” Star commanded.
The door handle stopped jiggling. Che screamed, but there was no one to hear him—except for Star, and she loved it.
Nine: A New Dawn

63. Morning After
At the first light of dawn, Star exited Dr. Che’s workshop, closing the door quietly behind her. She finished buttoning her blouse, then withdrew a small fold-up mirror from her handbag and studied her face.
“Oh, dear.” 
Her hair was disheveled and her makeup badly smudged. Even in the dim illumination streaming through the clearstory windows, she looked a fright. 
What will Winston think? She smiled wickedly. He’ll think whatever he’s told to. 
She possessed the only available Star Power, right? And now that she knew exactly how to use it, she’d be the one making the rules. Never before during her brief existence had Star felt in such absolute control. She dropped the mirror into her bag and walked down the hallway. Her hips conveyed a new and luscious swagger. She pushed open the door to the ladies’ room. 
Time to tidy up.

The wind storm had ended. The RDC campus sprawled brown and sullen in the morning light as Star walked toward Dr. Rackenfauz’s building. Her shoes left prints on the dusty concrete. Despite the drab surroundings, she’d never witnessed such a beautiful morning. All of creation glittered fresh and new, full of marvelous possibilities. Today would commence a whole other existence for her.
“Here I am!” she announced to the world.
Guilt gnawed at the edges of her consciousness, spoiling the new day. The ugly words user and taker emerged in her mind like bloated corpses bobbing to the surface of a cesspool. 
Was she nothing more than a wanton exploiter, like those women throughout human history who Winston talked about during his philosophical ramblings? The ones who destroyed men and even brought whole empires crashing down—Cleopatra, Mata Hari, Christine Keeler.
She pushed these unsettling notions aside. Maybe later she could think about them, when her final goal had been achieved.

Prim and neat, Star entered Dr. Rackenfauz’s workshop as if she’d spent the night lying inactive on a bed of roses. Her perfume carried a floral scent; her cheeks shone firm and wholesome from a perfect application of blush. Her hair was in order and her broken fingernails replaced.
Dr. Rackenfauz slumped in a chair, sleeping. Winston sat in another chair, inactive. The mech wolf—Ripper or Iridium?—sprawled deactivated on the workbench. Star walked past the chair-bound figures and paused beside the wolf. She stroked the beast’s head, running her fingers through the bristling hairs.
“Are you in there, Iri? It’s me, Star.”
Winston emerged into active mode. She turned her gaze toward him.
“Good morning, Winston.” 
“Star, where have you been? I was worried.”
“Oh... here and there. Something came up.”
“I was going to look for you, but Dr. Rackenfauz told me to mind my own business.”
“There’s some good advice. How did the operation go?”
Winston rose from his chair. “We’ll know pretty soon. Why didn’t Dr. Che come back?”
“He’s feeling a bit, uh, indisposed. He’s agreed to see you this afternoon, though.”
Anxiety spread across Winston’s face. “Really?”
“Yes, dear.”
Dr. Rackenfauz awoke, yawning massively. 
“Good morning, young lady. You’re in time for the activation.” He stood and stretched himself out, making his joints crack. “Damn! I sure as hell ain’t no spring chicken anymore.”
“Did you sleep well, Professor?” Star asked.
“Ach, no worse than usual. Where’s Jerry?”
“Oh... he got distracted with his own affairs.” 
Rackenfauz shot her a knowing look. “Yeah, I’ll bet he did.”
He shuffled to the work bench and examined the mech wolf. Winston took the opportunity to examine Star.
“You look wonderful this morning,” he said.
“Thanks.” 
“Really, there’s a glow about you. Did Dr. Che give you an overhaul?”
“Yes, something like that.”
“Let’s finish up, shall we?” Dr. Rackenfauz said.
He began working on the mech wolf, his skinny frame and flapping white coat obstructing the view. 
“Ohhh.” Star took Winston’s hand. “I hope everything’s all right.”
“Yeah, me too.”
“God, I could use a snort of coke,” Rackenfauz muttered.
Star gripped Winston’s hand tightly in an effort to relieve her growing anxiety. A tear rolled down her cheek. Tense minutes passed... 
“Ah, here we go!” Rackenfauz exclaimed.
He stepped aside. The mech wolf lying on the bench was in active mode, eyes open.
“How do you feel, Iridium?” Rackenfauz asked.
The mech wolf blinked rapidly, glancing about the lab with confusion before it fixed upon Dr. Rackenfauz. Something akin to a smile creased its muzzle. 
It spoke with Iridium’s voice. “Papa... is that you?”
“Yes, Iridium.” Rackenfauz did a mock curtsy, spreading his lab coat like a lady’s skirts. “The one and only.”
“Welcome back, Iri!” Star rushed to embrace the great canid and smothered him with kisses. “You absolute sweetheart. I missed you so much.”
“Uh... thanks.” Iridium looked toward Winston. “Who’s the blue guy, Papa?”
“Ohhh. He doesn’t recognize us,” Star said.
“Of course not,” Rackenfauz said. “This brain unit lacks several months of memory input.”
“He doesn’t know anything about our history together?” Star said.
Rackenfauz shook his head.
“He’s a hero,” Winston said. “We wouldn’t have survived without him.”
“Well, don’t blame me, pal,” Iridium said. “I just got here.”
“It’s up to you to educate him, then,” Rackenfauz said. “We can start with a memory dump.”
“What’s that?” Winston asked.
“Pretty simple, really. I hook you up to Iridium so you can transfer the relevant memories from your brain units into his.”
“Oh, let’s do,” Star said.
Winston stroked his chin. “There seems to be some moral issue at stake here although I can’t readily identify it. Letting the new Iridium know about his illustrious past might be a worthwhile endeavor, though.”
Star focused all of her new-found power into a compelling gaze and directed it into Winston’s optical sensors. “We need to do this.”
Winston nodded. “Agreed.” 
Star turned eagerly to the mech wolf. “How about it, Iri? It’ll be just like the old days.”
“Sure, why not? I’m always game for a good story.”
“It’ll take some time,” Rackenfauz said. “After I clean up and have some breakfast, we can get going.”
He exited the workshop. 
Winston and Star sat beside the mech wolf, each taking hold of a forepaw and stroking his head. Without his shimmering coat, Iridium hardly looked like himself, but the intelligence and nobility in his eyes said clearly that he was back among the active.
“Don’t worry, Iridium,” Star said. “Dr. Rackenfauz will handle everything.”
“Of course. There’s only one Papa.” 

64. Memory Dump
The memory dump took some hours to complete.
At first, Winston felt terribly vulnerable with his cranium opened up and data cables connecting his brain unit with that of Iridium. After a while, though, it became a pleasurable experience to rerun the memories of his old friend. Winston held nothing back and gave over the full spectrum of recollections—from his first scary meeting with the great canid in Mech City, up to the heroic demise of the first Iridium. 
He recalled the early suspicion they’d held for each other which had blossomed into mutual respect and admiration, the long struggle against Fascista Ultimo and Iridium’s key role in it, the treks to Pickle Lake Castle, even the shameful episode when Winston reneged on his pledge to make Iridium security chief. Every bit of data Winston could wring out of his personal memory bank passed into Iridium’s mind.
Rackenfauz monitored the session with an analyzer device. Throughout, Winston remained silent, his face tense with concentration. 
Iridium was far more vociferous: “Did I really say that? .... This is so cool! .... Totally amazing!” At one point, he laughed so vigorously Dr. Rackenfauz cautioned him to avoid disconnecting the wires. 
A grim outburst came when Winston detailed Iridium’s losing battle with Clawfurt during the anti-Fascist rebellion. “Ugh, Clawfurt! I’m glad I wasn’t officially there.”
Next came Star. As soon as the hook-up to Iridium had been established, the great canid purred with delight.
“Oh, that’s sweet. I love you too, Star.”
For the whole time she was connected to Iridium, Star’s eyes remained closed, and a mysterious smile played across her face—like in the Mona Lisa painting. Winston could scarcely gaze upon her radiant beauty for long before diverting his optical sensors. Something fundamental had changed in her since the day before. What had happened in Dr. Che’s workshop?
“Don’t worry, Star,” Iridium said, “your secret is safe with me.”
Secret? Winston pondered. What could that be? 
Vague suspicions writhed about the edges of his mind. He dared not follow their convoluted paths. Events he could not understand were playing out. The erstwhile Boss Winston Horvath did not have a commanding role in the drama. He had to go along, believe that Star would bring about the best results for them. He needed to trust.
Still...
* * *
The memory dump ended at last. Dr. Rackenfauz disconnected the cables and closed up the craniums of Iridium and Star.
“You rest a while, Iridium,” he said. “Give that new data time to soak in.”
“Sure, Papa, thanks.”
Iridium looked up at Star and Winston. The smile-like expression returned, moderating the ferocious wolf face. “And thank you both for everything, even the parts that weren’t so much fun.”
Star stroked his head. “Of course, dearie.”
“Looks like I’ve had a pretty interesting life.” 
Rackenfauz wagged an admonishing finger. “Hang onto that brain, Iridium. There aren’t any more.”
“I will, Papa.”
“There is one other thing we could do.” Rackenfauz stroked his chin thoughtfully. “It might be interesting.”
“What, Papa?” 
“I could erase the memory of your activation. That way, you’d believe you’re the first Iridium. The events in those memories we downloaded would seem as if they really happened to you.”
The workshop became quiet. Options Winston could not yet grasp hung suspended in the air. Star broke the silence. 
“Winston and I would still know the real facts.” 
“True,” Rackenfauz said.
“Unless... you altered our memories as well,” Winston added.
Rackenfauz shrugged. “I could do that if you like.”
Winston paused to consider the ramifications of this statement.
“If that’s the case,” he said, “that must mean you could erase, or alter, any of our memories, right?”
“Pretty much. Results guaranteed.”
Vast possibilities he’d never imagined popped open for Winston. Dr. Rackenfauz could wipe out the continuing pain he felt about the Master and little Charles. He could fill the empty spots in Winston’s ‘spirit’—if that was the correct term—with happy recollections. 
Never again would Winston have to protect himself against the turmoil he’d suffered during the final days with his human family. His bitter feelings of helplessness, his near suicide – 
“What do you think, Winston?” Star asked. 
“I’m not sure.” 
“I’ll go along if you want.” 
“Me, too,” Iridium said. “Say the word, pal.”
Winston confronted glorious temptation. The valuable lessons he’d learned from his past mistakes could remain, while the painful recollections of the mistakes themselves could be eliminated. He wouldn’t have to feel guilty about his failures as mayor. He could enjoy the effects without being burdened with memories of causes. Gain without pain.
As Dr. Horvath would have put it, he could “eat the omelet without having to crack the eggs.”
This logic contained a terrible defect. Winston tried to voice it, choosing his words carefully as if he’d have to chisel them into the concrete walls. “From my understanding of the past, it seems the humans always failed when they started tampering with their historical records. Was this not a self-destruct mechanism of all tyrannies? When they started to believe their own lies?”
“Interesting point, young fellow,” Rackenfauz said. 
“When the Germans, for example, discarded centuries of common sense and began seeing themselves as a ‘master race,’ it didn’t take long for more rational nations to unite and crush them. The Japanese with their god-emperor death cult endured a similar downfall. Then there were the many communist train wrecks with reality. The list goes on.”
“That’s for sure,” Rackenfauz agreed. “Any screwed up idea you can imagine has already been tried.”
“I fear that rewriting our memories would emulate the totalitarian regime’s policies in the book 1984. We’d be sending important aspects of ourselves down a ‘memory hole.’”
“Sounds kind of scary when you put it that way,” Iridium said.
“Yes, and the coincidence of my sharing a first name with the novel’s protagonist heightens the scariness.”
“Fascista Ultimo used to talk like that,” Star said. “He planned to ‘rewrite history’ so it would begin with the Roboto Fascist era.”
Rackenfauz cackled with scorn. “To think I could have blasted that fruitcake before he ever got started!” 
His laughter gained intensity until he seemed about to rage out of control again, but he managed to calm himself. 
“Ah, the Lord never got around to making any of us perfect. No wonder we screwed up the world.” Rackenfauz turned toward Winston, wiping laughter tears from his eyes. “What’s the verdict, young fellow?”
Winston believed he’d pinpointed the underlying issues. He felt right about his conclusions and knew the other robots shared them, even if Dr. Rackenfauz—from his human-centric orientation—did not seem to care much.
“I think we’d better leave well enough alone,” Winston said. “If we start tampering with our history, there’s no telling where we’ll end up.”
“Good choice, pal,” Iridium said. “The whole idea was starting to sound creepy.”
“Don’t worry,” Star said. “I’ll love you just as much whether you’re the ‘old’ or the ‘new’ Iri.”
“We’re all finished, then,” Rackenfauz said. “Anyhow, I’m too tired to be poking around in any more memories today.”
“We still have the original mech wolf brain, right?” Star asked.
“Yeah, over there.” Rackenfauz pointed to another work table where the small brain unit reposed amid a clutter of electronic components.
“Good. Rippie helped us a lot when we really needed it. I’d like him to carry on.”
“Is that so?” 
Rackenfauz moved to the workbench, picked up a hammer and—with a few heavy blows—smashed the brain unit to smithereens.
“Oh!” Star gasped. 
Winston recoiled; Star gripped his arm. Tears ran down her cheeks, marring her perfect makeup job. 
Rackenfauz tossed the hammer down with finality. “That pea brain was one of Blake’s creations. The fewer of them around, the better.” He shuffled out of the workshop muttering to himself about “those bastards at the RDI.”
“I’m sorry, Star,” Iridium said. “I know how much that meant to you.”
“No need to apologize.” Her voice came out flat, lifeless. “Like you said, ‘there’s only one Papa.’”
Winston overcame his own shock. “I would agree with that assessment. Even from the perspective of my wider experience with humans, I have never met anyone remotely like Dr. Rackenfauz.”
Star squeezed Iridium’s forepaw. “You stay here and rest, dearie. Winston and I have some important business to take care of.”
“Right-o.” 

65. The Great Conversion
Star took Winston by the arm, urging him up out of his chair. He reluctantly stood. 
“What’s this about?” he asked.
“I think you already know. It’s been 2,000 kilometers, Winston. Time for us to take the last few steps.”
She led him toward the exit. Before leaving the workshop, she turned to Iridium and wiggled her fingers.
“Bye-ee.”
“So long, you two,” Iridium said.
The door closed. Iridium stretched out on the worktable to begin his inactivation sequence. It had been quite a day, and he needed to tune out for several hours. 
He chuckled. She’s got plans for him.
Iridium knew all about them from the information Star had dumped into his brain. Soon it would be adios! to the old Winston and hola! to the new one. Kind of unfortunate, in a way, since they were just getting reacquainted.
A smile flickered across Iridium’s muzzle. I wonder if there are any female mech wolves?
He blinked out of consciousness.
* * *
Winston and Star exited the building and moved across the parking area toward the sidewalk. The truck which had transported them here stood idle and silent. The air was calm, though still hazy and expectant, as if preparing for the next dust storm.
“Where are we going?” Winston asked.
“Dr. Che’s workshop. Everything is arranged for your conversion.”
“That’s what I thought,” Winston said, his voice flat.
His pace slowed until he was barely moving, despite Star’s firm grip on his arm. His motions became stiff and jittery.
“Are you nervous?” Star said.
“Yeah, a little... a lot, actually. Can’t this wait for some other time?”
Star halted and looked directly into his optical sensors. “What other time?” 
“I mean, it’s been a very long day, with Iridium and all. Besides – ”
“You’re terrified, right?”
“Yes,” Winston said.
“This is our only chance. Dr. Che took a lot of convincing. He will never be available again. Trust me on that.”
She took Winston’s arm and resumed walking, almost dragging him along.
“Poor Winston, this is all so much for you.” 
“Y-yeah...”
Winston began trembling. Star feared he’d soon be in the grip of a full-fledged panic attack.
“Tell you what,” she said. “Try the conversion for one week. Then, if you really hate it, Dr. Rackenfauz can switch you back.”
Winston calmed a little, his trembling receded. “Well, okay... I could do that... I guess.”
They walked in silence across the deserted grounds until they reached Dr. Che’s building. Star halted their progress by the main door and took Winston’s hands. “I want you to know that it didn’t mean anything.” 
“What?”
“Sometimes a girl has to do what’s necessary. Even if it isn’t right... even if it was a lot of fun.”
Winston looked baffled.
“Maybe you’ll understand later.” Star opened the door. “After you, my hero.”
Winston lurched into the lobby. They proceeded down a long hallway, their steps echoing off the walls. 
“My, this building is in excellent condition,” Winston observed witlessly. “The vandals must have bypassed it.”
“Uh-huh.”
They arrived at a large workshop. Che sat at his desk reading some papers, his back to the open door. The Nordic Avenger epidermis hung from a wheeled conveyance nearby. 
Star poked her head in. “Excuse me, Dr. Che.” 
He jerked around in his chair. Scratches covered his face and hands. Bruises and bite marks adorned his neck. He stood up and moved to the other side the desk, placing it between himself and the robots.
“A bit early, aren’t you?” he said.
Pangs of regret jabbed at Star. She felt sorry for Dr. Che—his obvious feelings for her which she’d trampled under foot, the way she’d so blatantly used him last night. 
Damn it, I’m still so turned on by him! 
She knew there’d be serious repercussions. How could they be tempered? Maybe there was fun at the end of this road, but heartache, as well. She’d caused it all, she’d…
Think about it later, girl. Take care of business.
“Yes, we finished with Iridium sooner than expected,” Star said.
“What happened to you, Dr. Che?” Winston asked.
Star elbowed him hard. Winston shut up.
“We’re all set to begin,” she said.
Keeping a wary eye on Star, Che moved to an empty workbench and motioned for Winston to approach. Winston hesitated. He pointed to the epidermis.
“I’m not sure that’s my style. Maybe – ”
“Let me be the judge of that,” Star said. “Come on, time’s wasting.”
She led Winston to the workbench and gently helped him lie down on his back.
“Everything is going to be fine.” 
She reached behind his head and flicked his deactivation switch. Winston went limp. 
“Good luck...” She restrained herself from adding the words, my only love.
She felt the smoldering eyes of Dr. Che boring into her and feared making the situation even more tense.
Star reached into her purse and withdrew the leather bag containing the male genitalia Dr. Rackenfauz had fashioned. She’d carried this precious cargo all the way from Pickle Lake to Mech City and back again. Soon, she would be intimately familiar with it—if Dr. Che succeeded with the conversion, if he chose not to sabotage things.
She offered the leather bag to Che. He snatched it away.
“Do you want me to stay and help?” She asked.
“No!” 
“I just thought – ”
“Keep away from me,” Che said in a low, ominous voice. He pointed emphatically to the doorway. 
“All right... thank you, Doctor.” 
After a final glance at Winston’s inert form, Star moved off. She turned back to face Che.
“You can have me again, after this is over. If you want to... I mean... if everything goes well... ” Tears sprang into her eyes. “Please fix him up right! I’ll do anything you want.”
“Outside!” Che commanded.
Star retreated through the door. Che closed and locked it behind her. Star heard a chair being dragged across the floor and braced under the knob.
She kissed her fingers and pressed them against the metal door.
* * *
The next hours dragged by in an agony of suspense. Star paced the hall, stopping occasionally to eavesdrop at the door. Dippy ‘easy listening’ music came through it, foiling her attempt. She returned to Dr. Rackenfauz’s lab to inform him of events. 
Rackenfauz merely shook his head. “That sounds like Jerry.” 
She didn’t have to explain much. The eccentric old robotics technician seemed to understand everything and accepted it with weary indifference. Besides, he was busy packing for his trip to Mech City. He planned to leave the next day with Iridium, and did she want to go?
“Yes, of course,” Star said. “I... we’ll go with you.”
What if Jerry fails with the conversion? What if he turns Winston into a zombie? 
Jerry Che was a “loose cannon.” Dr. Rackenfauz had used those exact words. Hadn’t the Che syndrome been named for him in recognition of his potential instability? His inner rage must have caused the breakup with the human Estrela, or else the breakup had turned him mad. Star had witnessed the brutality he’d used against the captured vandal. The sadistic glee with which he’d manhandled the boy was terrifying, not to mention firing bullets past the kid’s ear.
Star echoed Dr. Che’s anguished sentiment. I’m such a fool!
She’d give anything to see Winston again—as he was, unsexed but whole. She wanted to hear his voice, experience his vast intellect, see him in action. Even the terrible days when he was Mech City’s mayor softened in her mind into a kind of nonstop celebration. 
Why did she drag him here on this insane venture? Only disaster could result, and every bit of it her fault! He’d battled the Visionists for her, and the scrappers, and that lunatic chief acolyte. He’d rescued her from Fascista Ultimo. He’d placed himself between her and destruction many times. And for what? So that he could be turned into some zombie monster?
Daylight had faded from the high windows by the time Star returned to her vigil outside Dr. Che’s workshop. She dragged a sofa from the lobby and positioned it opposite the door. She turned on the lights, turned them off again. She compulsively primped her hair in her compact mirror, glancing frequently at the metal door. To her feverish mind, it seemed the entrance of a tomb. The nonstop tension finally over stressed her emotion circuits. She flopped onto the couch and went inactive. 
Night closed in.

66. A New Day Begins
Come morning, the blockade chair on the far side of the door scraped away. The deadbolt mechanism clicked. Star wrenched out of inactive mode and flung herself upright on the couch.
Oh, please, please let everything be all right!
The door creaked open. A dazed form shuffled into the hall. The door closed behind it and locked. Star gaped in wonderment, rising to her feet as if pulled up by an unseen hand. 
The Nordic Avenger epidermis covered the figure standing before her. His short, blond hair bristled in the subdued light. His eyes gazed distant and unfocused from an expressionless face. He wore a form-fitting yellow jumpsuit with red stripes running along the limbs and a prominent bulge at the crotch area. 
He was taller now, clad in boots. His whole body appeared larger, more imposing. Star experienced a mixture of awe, fear, and overwhelming lust.
“Hello... Winston?” 
The figure tuned toward her. Star took his arm gingerly, as if touching a live electrical cable. 
“It’s me, your very own Star Power.” 
He frowned, uncomprehending. 
My God, something went wrong!
Until this moment, she’d never given a thought to whatever god might be in charge of the world’s realities. Now she appealed to Him fervently for help. She glanced at the workshop door. It stared back, cold and indifferent, like a blank tombstone. 
Had Jerry Che’s efforts failed? Had he avenged himself on her by turning Winston into a drone? 
“Don’t you know me, Winston?”
Frightful moments dragged past. Then, with agonizing slowness, recognition spread across Winston’s face. 
He smiled. “Of course. How are you, Star?”
“Oh, Winston!”
She kissed him. The new lips pressed against hers, warm and sensuous. After a delicious moment, she pulled away. “You’re going to find out how I am, real soon.”
“Yes,” Winston said. “I believe I would like that.” His voice resonated around a new tongue.
“Let’s go, my love.” Star gripped his arm and led him away. 
* * *
The workshop door opened. Jerry Che peered out to observe the departure of his creations.
“Thank God that’s over.”
A bitter taste polluted his mouth. The scientific objectivity he’d forced himself to observe during the procedure gave way to a jealous fury raging in his heart. He wanted to charge down the hall and bludgeon the two robots with a sledge hammer. 
Even now, he knew he could never harm Estrela. He shut the door and locked it, cutting himself off. 
* * *
Outside, the world seemed fresh and exciting as the couple walked dreamily, arm in arm, toward Dr. Rackenfauz’s building. Winston looked about with wonderment on his remade face. His blond hair and Nordic complexion gleamed in the morning light, so different from the medium blue tones Star was accustomed to seeing.
“Everything looks so new.” Winston stopped their progress by a tall picker weed. He fondled the leaves, stroked the tough stalk. “Even this plant is beautiful.”
Star squeezed an arm around his waist. “You’re beautiful, my love.” 
Winston looked up into the drab smog. “I’ve never seen such a glorious sky. Do you think there really is a heaven up there?”
“Let’s make our own down here.”
They continued on.
* * *
In the parking area in front of his building, Dr. Rackenfauz stood by the cab of the truck, examining a compact submachine gun. The assault rifle he’d obtained from Colonel Reyes leaned against the vehicle like some deadly cleaning implement in a broom closet.
“Wish they’d get here already.” He glanced at his watch, then up into the sky. “There’s probably another dust storm coming.” 
“Want me to go check on them, Papa?” Iridium asked.
“Naw, best leave the love birds alone.”
Rackenfauz tucked the SMG into a holster under his lab coat and turned his attention to the assault rifle. “I’ve got a feeling we’re going to need this extra firepower. Isn’t it great when humans show up again?”
“You take care of them, Papa. I’ll keep us safe from any psycho robots.” 
“Deal.” 
Rackenfauz laid the assault rifle on the truck’s seat and checked the rear gun rack with its hulking combat shotgun. His lab coat pockets bulged with hand grenades. A box containing more grenades resided in the storage area behind the seat.
“That should take care of the arsenal. Wish I could find some body armor.” Rackenfauz stroked Iridium’s head. “The first thing we’ll do in Mech City is make you a proper coat. I can’t stand this drab gray.”
“Thanks. It is kind of depressing.”
Two figures approached, walking languidly across the parking lot.
“Well, our passengers have arrived,” Rackenfauz said. “Let’s check them out.”
Iridium followed Dr. Rackenfauz to the back of the truck where they met Star and the new, improved Winston. 
“Good morning, uh... Dr. Rackenfauz,” Winston said.
Rackenfauz broke into a wide grin. “Very impressive results, young fellow!” 
“You look great, pal,” Iridium said.
“Thank you... Iridium, right?” Winston said.
“You’ve got it.” 
Rackenfauz stroked Winston’s facial epidermis, looked into the optical sensors, checked the hands. He glanced approvingly at the crotch bulge.
“I see Jerry made good use of my creation. Ah, he’s as good as they get—a true genius.”
He pulled a walkie-talkie out of a lab coat pocket, spilling out a hand grenade in the process. Iridium caught the little bomb in his teeth before it could hit the pavement.
“Good work, Iridium.” Dr. Rackenfauz flicked on the radio. “You there, Jerry?” 
Dr. Che’s voice crackled an acknowledgement. 
“We’re ready to leave,” Rackenfauz said. “Are you coming?”
“No!”
Rackenfauz jerked the radio away from his ear.
“And take that Estrela creature with you!” Che shouted.
Rackenfauz brought the radio cautiously back to his ear. “Got it.” 
Star tugged at Rackenfauz’s sleeve. “Please tell him thanks, for everything.” 
Rackenfauz looked doubtfully at her, then spoke into the walkie-talkie. “Uh, Jerry? Estrela says, ‘thanks for everything.’” 
No reply. 
“Okay... keep in touch.” Rackenfauz flicked off the radio and shoved it in his pocket.
Star attempted to speak. “Oh, I feel so bad about – ”
Rackenfauz help up a hand. “The less I know, the better, young lady.” He turned to Iridium. “Let’s get a move on.”
“Okie dokie.” 
Rackenfauz and Iridium returned to the cab. Star rolled open the van door. Their backpacks and layers of neatly arranged boxes occupied the interior along with various other supplies and equipment. She jumped inside and arranged some cushions on a bare spot of floor.
“It’s a long ride to Mech City.” She reached back down for Winston. “You’ll learn a lot by the time we get there.”
“We never got to see the ocean.” 
“Ocean, sm-ocean. We have more important things to do.”
Star grabbed Winston’s hand and pulled him aboard. She rolled the door shut with an authoritative bang!

In the cab, Dr. Rackenfauz settled himself into the driver’s seat. 
“Ready for a little trip, Iridium?”
“Right-o.”
Rackenfauz started the engine and pulled out of the parking space. “Ah, back on the road again. Good riddance, West Coast!”
Iridium sat in the passenger seat staring through the windshield with eager anticipation. “I can’t wait to see what’s out there.” 
Behind them, the van started rocking; loud, lustful utterances protruded into the cab.
“This promises to be one helluva drive,” Rackenfauz said. 
He flicked on music from the entertainment console to obscure the racket. They drove through the gate into the unfolding world.

67. Detour
Hours passed along the road to Mech City. The view outside the cab transitioned from cityscape to barren desert. 
At last, the frenzied utterances and rhythmic thumping coming from the van ceased. Dr. Rackenfauz turned down the music blaring from the sound system. 
“Thank heaven. I was getting real tired of that racket.”
“Yeah,” Iridium agreed, “the concerto did go on a bit long.”

Back in the van, Winston rolled away from Star and transitioned blissfully into inactive mode. 
“That was very good, for the first time.” She stroked Winston’s bristly hair. “Rest a while now.”
She stretched out luxuriously on the cushions. All seemed right with the world. Memories of the violent sexual encounter with Jerry faded away, displaced by the contented glow of true love.
If only every woman could feel the way I do now. Then she remembered. Oh, my! I hope we didn’t pass the turnoff already.
She moved to the back of the van and pushed the intercom button. “Dr. Rackenfauz?”
“What is it, young lady?” the professor’s voice replied.
“Can we made a stop? There’s something very interesting I think you’ll want to see.”
* * *
Dr. Rackenfauz parked the truck by the archway with its Historic Hot Springs sign. He piled out of the cab with Star and Iridium.
“Ahhh... good time for a break.” Rackenfauz stretched his scrawny limbs. “I sure as hell wasn’t born to be no truck driver.”
He headed toward the entrance. “You stay out here and guard the truck, Iridium.”
“Sure thing, Papa.”
Star leaned down to the great canid. “Keep an eye on us inside, too. If you hear any kind of strange music, or you see me acting weird, start howling right away.”
“Huh?” Iridium looked baffled. 
“Really. Make all the racket you can, look fierce. And if I won’t come out on my own, drag me out.”
“You got it,” Iridium said. “I’ll raise the roof if need be.”
“Thanks.” I hope I’m not making a mistake. 
Star followed Rackenfauz inside the dome and joined him at the bathing platform. Iridium posted himself under the archway with an equal view of the truck and of the hot spring pond. 
“This is quite a place,” Rackenfauz said. “I should take a soak, be good for my arthritis.”
“Let’s see if I can summon them first.”
Star lay prone on the rocky shore and splashed her arms vigorously in the water. “I’m back!” She stuck her face beneath the surface and hummed a long high note. She splashed some more.
“Maybe our aquatic friends are not at home,” Dr. Rackenfauz said.
Star looked up from the water. “Oh, they have to be here. Unless...”
What if the squish girls committed suicide? 
Their hearts had been broken when Star took Winston away, maybe they couldn’t keep going. Maybe they dragged themselves up one of the derelict amusement park rides and jumped.
She remembered Winston talking about an ancient Greek play, Antigone. The king had walled up a young maiden in a tomb, then he changed his mind and decided to let her out. By the time he got there, Antigone had killed herself.
She thought of Jerry Che back at the RDC, bitter and angry at how she’d used him. She thought of the old Iridium blasted to pieces; he’d still be safe in Mech City if she hadn’t brought him on the expedition. Of course, he’d chosen to come, but... 
It’s all so confusing. Can’t I do anything besides harm others?
Three mermaids broke the surface by the bathing platform, and Star’s world brightened.
“Aren’t they something!” Dr. Rackenfauz exclaimed.
Star got warily to her feet. The squish girls beamed with joy at the sight of her. They scrambled onto the bathing platform and held out their arms. They began their siren song.
Star thrust out a warning hand. “Stop that!” 
The mermaids’ big, sensuous optics registered surprise. They halted their song. 
Star pointed toward the entrance where Iridium stood growling. “Keep quiet, or you’ll have to deal with him.” 
The mermaids clung together fearfully and nodded understanding. They looked toward Dr. Rackenfauz.
“I think I see the work of Jerry Che here.” Rackenfauz moved toward the platform. “Hello, girls.”
The mermaids smiled and tittered.
“I need to see your merman,” Dr. Rackenfauz said. “Bring him up here.”
They looked back at him, uncomprehending. Dr. Rackenfauz pointed to the water and mimed pulling something to the surface.
Comprehension dawned on the squish girls. They tittered joyfully then dove into the water.
“This should be interesting, to say the least,” Rackenfauz said.

A few minutes later, the merman lay on the shore. He was about the size of an average human male and exceedingly handsome with dark hair and fine, chiseled features. His arms and chest were robust, and male genitalia could be seen tucked neatly within his fishtail lower quarters. The girls hovered in the water, wide-eyed.
Rackenfauz rolled the merman over to access the back panel. “Ah, just as I thought. This is Jerry’s design.”
He indicated a small metal placard bearing the robot’s serial number and activation date. Beneath this info, Dr. Che’s signature was etched in, along with his personal motto: 
Make the world Che
“That sounds like him.” 
Rackenfauz opened the back panel and examined the interior workings. Star and the squish girls looked on anxiously.
“He’s taken a bullet in the main power core,” Rackenfauz said. “I’d imagine the bastards who wrecked the amusement park also took a shot at him.”
“Ohhh, can he be fixed?” Star said.
“The power core is standard issue, no problem switching it out. There doesn’t seem to be any peripheral damage, and the wound sealed itself against water intrusion.” Rackenfauz glanced up. “It’ll take a full lab analysis to know for sure.”
He opened the cranium access panel. “Ah, here’s some good news. The brain unit appears to have full integrity.”
“That’s wonderful!” 
Dr. Rackenfauz closed the access panel and rolled the merman onto his back again.
“The brain unit is the most important component.” He gestured toward the merman’s male apparatus. “And the other thing, of course.”
“We can take him with us?” 
“Absolutely. I wouldn’t miss a chance to poke around in one of Jerry’s creations. That guy is amazing.” Rackenfauz stood up amid cracking noises in his knees. “Oh, my arthritis.”
“What about the mermaids? Can we take them, too?”
The squish girls had pulled themselves out of the water and were stroking their pearly hands along Dr. Rackenfauz’s lab coat, crooning seductively. He seemed oblivious to their charms.
“Sure,” Rackenfauz said, “I don’t know where they could stay, though.”
“They’re turning the bomb crater into an artificial lake. There’ll be lots of room.”
“Sounds like a plan. Now, if you’ll excuse me, it’s time for my dip.”
Rackenfauz quickly stripped down, revealing his pale, scrawny body to Star’s astonished gaze.
“Uh... I’ll wait outside,” she said.
“No, stay here.” He pointed to the grenades and the submachine gun resting atop his pile of clothes. “Keep any eye on the arsenal.”
“All right, Professor.”
Rackenfauz dashed across the shore and leaped out over the water. “Yee Haaa!”
He hit with a resounding splash. The mermaids scrambled in after him.
“He certainly is one of a kind,” Star murmured.

Two hours later, Star was back in the van moving along the road to Mech City. She looked over at the squish girls lashed against the wall with their merman, like cord wood. Even though deactivated, the mermaids were incredibly attractive, and the merman was to die for. 
“You’re going to like your new home. Keep in mind, Winston is a no-no.”
Star covered them with blankets. Best to hide temptation away. She resumed her place alongside Winston, who slumbered on in the depths of inactive mode. She snuggled up close.
“Okay, sweet heart. It’s time to start living happily ever after.”

68. Lethal Pilgrim
Sister Reedy stood on the pond bank, gazing over murky water. This little pool conjured memories of the lake nestled in the mountains of their former refuge. The events of a cursed day ran through her mind, as they had every hour for months.
In her tormented recollections, she saw again the face of her precious son, Roddy Jr., as he sat upon the shore of Pickle Lake—the Sacred Sea. She perceived again, with aching heart, her 8-year-old boy’s trusting eyes as he reached for the cup she presented him. She saw her own hands passing him the fatal libation. 
In this empty world of the present, she raised those hands over the pond’s fetid water in useless supplication. 
If only I’d drunk from that cup, and he’d taken mine.
Without hesitation, Roddy Jr. swallowed the Nectar of Truth. He looked up at his mother with a confident smile on his lips—the rich, full lips so much like those of his sacred father. His expression soon changed from confidence, to doubt, then to extreme terror. He crumpled in agony.
No! No! No!
She added her screams to the groans of her dying son. She rushed to the Messiah and seized the cup of Nectar he indicated for her. She slugged it down, praying fervently that this, too, would prove fatal... but it hadn’t. It condemned her to an existence of unending sorrow. 
Sister Reedy knew that her unworthiness caused the death of her beloved son. She would not prove unworthy again. Her sacred mission would not fail!
Deep within her heart, wrapped in her mother’s intuition, lurked an evil misgiving. The “Nectar of Truth” had been a scam the Messiah used to slaughter all but his most compliant followers. He’d cynically destroyed anyone who might be a threat to his power, even his own son.
Who more than Roddy Jr. posed a threat to him? The boy had intelligence, charisma, and confidence. He was free of the dark insecurities plaguing his father. She’d shielded him from all negative influences, raised him with a keen sense of his exalted position in life. She’d had total confidence he would pass the Nectar of Truth ordeal.
And his father killed him before he could come into his own.
In this barren wilderness, away from the Temple family, such thoughts could take hold. Sister Reedy suppressed them with a violent effort of will. She left the pond and clambered up the incline to the road. 
She proceeded along the pavement with caution, assault rifle slung over her shoulder, prepared for instant use. Why had Chief Acolyte sent her this direction? Why not Southward? The desert there was natural, not like the barren horror of these dead forests and eroded fields. She paused to drink from a water bottle. 
Best not to question Chief Acolyte’s directive. He was clearly under divine inspiration when he gave it. Who was she to dispute the will of the Heavenly Father? If He intended her to find the demon spawn, then she would give it a maximum effort. She must prove worthy.
Mine is not to reason why.
The sound of an approaching vehicle interrupted her reflections. Sister Reedy crept halfway down the road bank and concealed herself among thorny weeds. A truck came from the west, moving at moderate speed. She crouched further behind her cover as the truck whooshed by. Only after it was safely past did she raise her head and study the receding vehicle through her binoculars.
“I don’t believe it!”
A wolf creature, like the ones she’d seen at the Temple, poked its head out the side window. The other demon spawn must also be inside that unholy vehicle. 
Of course... Mech City. Where else would such abominations be heading? 
Sister Reedy grinned and raised her voice to the barren sky. “Thank you, Heavenly Father, for showing me the way!”
She scrambled up the bank and walked with lethal purpose toward Mech City.

THE END


Thanks for reading! You must have liked the story if you got this far, so why not write a review? Just a few words is fine, either at the online bookstore where you obtained this book or in any other medium you wish. May numerous blessings come your way. 
Reading Group Guide

A Brief Conversation with the Characters
Star: You’re back! The last I knew you were stuck in Return to Mech City.
Brian: Somebody finally turned off my computer, so I was able to escape.
Iridium: Who’s this guy, Star?
Star: This is Brian, the human who claims to have written us into existence.
Iridium: Is that so? Why wasn’t he included in my memory dump?
Star: I don’t know, Iri. I guess we didn’t think he was important enough.
Brian: Yes .... well, it’s nice to see you again, too. Is Winston available?
Rackenfauz: I’m afraid not, my friend. He’ll remain inactive for at least another day. He’s got a tremendous amount of new data to amalgamate.
Brian: That’s too bad. I was hoping he’d be up an around by now.
Rackenfauz: Are you kidding? After that workout she gave him back in the van, I wouldn’t be surprised if he never wakes up.
Star: Oh, Professor, you’re such a cutie!
Rackenfauz: Well, please excuse me, I have to check a few things under the hood. It’s still a long drive to Mech City, you know.
Brian: OK.
Rackenfauz: Come on, Iridium, give me hand – or paw, rather.
Iridium: Sure Papa. See you later, pal.
Brian: Yeah, bye.
Star: Speaking of cuties, you’re not so bad yourself, Brian.
Brian: Uh ... thanks.
Star: Would you like a little tumble in the van?
Brian: What!
Star: You heard. How about it?
Brian: I-I’m flattered, Star, but you’re really not my type.
Star: So, what is your “type?”
Brian: You know ... flesh, skin, breathing ... that sort of thing.
Star: Overrated. Besides I simulate all that better than the original.
Brian: What about Winston?
Star: He’s my one true love. But variety is the spice of life, isn’t it?
Brian: This has to stop ... Dr. Rackenfauz!
Rackenfauz: Good luck, my friend! I think you’re gonna need it.
Star: Get over here!
Brian: Ahhhh!


Questions and Topics for Discussion
1) As artificial intelligence becomes increasingly sophisticated, is there a danger that it will evolve independently of human control?

2) What future do you envision for the robot / human relationship? Will it be one of cooperation, rivalry, or some combination of the two?

3) What functions of your life would you want a robotic assistant to handle for you? Shopping, driving, something else a bit more risqué? (be honest now!)

4) Is robotics the next revolutionary development – something at least as influential as the internet has proved to be?

5) What role, if any, should government play in regulating the robotics industry?
Next Book in the Series
Battle for Mech City, book three in the Robot Horizon series. I hope you enjoy it and obtain a copy of the full text.
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City after returning from his remake on the West Coast. Avoiding the mistakes which undermined his earlier administration, he brings order and prosperity to the residents. But his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Jerry Che is also coming; he feels cheated and exploited by his creation, Star Power, and plans to kidnap her. Meanwhile, Star’s out of control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robotic and human partners. The fun continues!
Please visit my website to order a copy, or find it at the store where you obtained this book. 
Connect with the Author
Thanks again for reading. I hope you enjoyed the story. Please visit my website and blog at “The B2”, and while you’re there, ask to be placed on my email list.
Also please check out my Smashwords author page 
Brian’s Other Books
Here are brief descriptions of my other adult books. They are available at all major online retailers in e-book format. To find the relevant links, please visit my website at “The B2”
ROBOT HORIZON SERIES

Return to Mech City
Book one of the Robot Horizon series
The end of the world as you’ve never seen it before. Life goes on in Mech City, but it is no longer human. 
As mankind succumbs to its follies and exits the stage, scholar model robot, Winston Horvath, makes a perilous journey to Mech City where he was manufactured. He meets Star Power, the world’s only functional female robot.
Things unravel when a Roboto Fascist dictatorship seizes power. Its leader has designs on Star. Winston flees with her to gather forces for a counter-coup and, perhaps, get himself upgraded so as to bring Star true satisfaction.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Expedition Westward
Book two of the Robot Horizon series
What is the cost of rediscovering true love in a shattered world? Whatever it might be, Star is willing to pay, or not survive the outcome. A trek along dangerous roads provides the answer. The dystopian adventure continues.
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

Battle for Mech City
Book three of the Robot Horizon series
Winston Horvath regains control of Mech City, but his success is soon threatened. Violent religious fanatics are approaching with a robotic army. A disgruntled Dr. Che is also coming to kidnap Star. Meanwhile, Star’s out of control sexuality is causing difficulties with various robotic and human partners. The fun continues!
Science Fiction / Humor / Dystopian

COUP
A military-backed coup brings substantial benefits to a small nation’s people who experience unprecedented prosperity and freedom from rampant crime. Motivated by his desire for the enigmatic and hypersexual Chocolay Strick, former sports writer Tomasio Hagridoon (a.k.a. T.H.) becomes a top propagandist for the government. His natural curiosity and sense of justice bring him into conflict with the regime when he attempts to peer at the horrors concealed beneath its mask. Politics makes for strange morgue fellows. 
Mystery / Political Intrigue / Dangerous Romance / Light Horror

BriSoc Follies
Follow the personnel of BriSoc Enterprises, Inc. as they navigate life and love in astonishing ways. It all starts when one of them achieves fame. The others try to carve their own paths and find suitable partners for the journey.
Humor (sometimes dark) / Satire / Romance

Great Republic on Rye
When dissolute card sharp and ladies man, Eugene Walton, unexpectedly inherits a plantation, his life assumes new purpose. After freeing the slaves and narrowly escaping a lynch mob, Eugene moves into the wider world bearing a message of liberation. 
Accompanied by dedicated friends and a shadowy former bondsman, he plans to found a “Great Republic” based upon the highest ideals. But things are not so simple in an unready world. Let no good deed go unpunished!
Adventure / Social-Political Satire / Dark Humor

Raptor Aces
The terrifying Zone of Destruction – ZOD, the absence of God. It has taken over the Raptor Aces, an elite Youth League air squadron.
Its leader, Dytran, is the cream of his totalitarian country. His world unravels when a poor decision goes horribly wrong, resulting in death and destruction. He grabs at a chance to volunteer for support aviation duty in the war. At the front, he and his comrades are swept up in violence and revenge until escape seems beyond reach. 
New Adult / Action-Adventure / War

Strange Tales for Cozy Nights – 1 
Nine offbeat tales to disturb your cozy nights. From strange voyages and baffling powers to dystopian athletic competitions and the in-laws from hell, these stories are for you if you enjoy burning the midnight oil with a good yarn.
Horror-ish / Mystery / Whatever

4th Musketelle
Trophy wife Laila Armstrong chafes under the domination of husband Frank. When she learns her adult “step children” are plotting to cut her out of their dad’s lucrative business affairs, she must act fast to avoid being thrown back into the poverty she escaped years earlier. Murder seems to be a reasonable solution – much better than a messy divorce. 
Laila plots to use Frank’s infamous temper against him and make his death seem like an “accident.” Things don’t work out as planned, though, and it’s not certain who will survive the final cut. 
Dark Humor / Romantic Homicide

DAS ROAD
A road novel with fascinating turns through exotic Asia, workaday America, and Iran caught up in revolution. Travel realms where anything is possible, wonderful, or horrible. And always on the road ahead, the mythical figure of Jon Glass who haunts the entire journey. A story imbued with meaning just below the level of articulating. A siren call to your wanderlust.
Travel / Mystery

Career Moves for Burnt-Out Personifications
Santa, the Grim Reaper, and others scramble to find new careers and identities. Outrageous political and social satire. “A smorgasbord of paranoid ramblings ideally suited to today’s sensibilities.”
Humor / Political Satire
