FOR THE MEEK
By Hayden Pearton
*
Published by Hayden Pearton at Smashwords
Copyright 2022 Hayden Pearton
*
Discover other titles by Hayden Pearton

The Chronicles of New Eden
Son of Man (Prequel)
Awakening
Sunrise Sapling
The Fall of Tartarus

The Metrophobia Collective
Koinophobia
Autophobia
Xenophobia
Mephobia

Be Good
The Holy Orders of Be Good

The Beggar Chronicles
The Beggar Knight
The Beggar King

The Divine Duology
The Godhand
*
Smashwords License Statement
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favourite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. 
Thank you for your support.
*
Visit my blog at https://newedenchronicles.wordpress.com/ 
Visit my Smashwords author page at https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HaydenPearton
Visit my website at https://haydenpearton.com
Contents

Prologue: Nineveh
Chapter One: The Endless Horizon
Chapter Two: Beyond the Reef
Chapter Three: Sharkbait
Chapter Four: New World
Chapter Five: Taller Than Trees
Chapter Six: Hek-To
Chapter Seven: In Search of the Sun
Chapter Eight: The World That Was
Chapter Nine: Hunted
Chapter Ten: Thanksgiving
Chapter Eleven: Strangers and Savages
Chapter Twelve: To Pierce the Sky
Chapter Thirteen: The Reclamation
Chapter Fourteen: Clean Slate
Chapter Fifteen: Tracking the Tracks
Chapter Sixteen: Forgive Us
Chapter Seventeen: Purpose
Epilogue: Pyriscence
About the Author
For Chanelle, my muse
For my Family, my inspiration
For Michael, my friend
For Rogi, thank you for your invaluable insight.
And For You, my reader
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, locales, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

Hopefully…

The religious views and beliefs expressed in this book are entirely those of its characters. The author does not claim any semblance to his own personal beliefs.

“We mourn for those we love
We mourn for those we lose
But most of all we mourn for those we left behind”

-Translated lyrics from Ceux qui sont laissés derrière
Prologue: Nineveh

North Sentinel Island
1849 CE

Nineveh was dead.
The ship lay on its stricken side, silent in the surf. No force above or man below could move it now.
It would carry them no further.
The ship had sailed into the sudden storm intact. But it had not emerged from the other side. Instead, it had been tossed and turned, battered and bruised, until the waves threw it down onto the shallow coast.
And there it now lay, breathing its last breaths.
The captain thought that the shipwreck would be the worst of his worries.
And then they had seen the natives.
Skin like tar. Eyes like coal.
And wielding weapons that, whilst primitive, could kill a man just as easily as any musket.
For three days they held their peace. For three days the sailors clung to life at the edge of the island.
On the morning of the fourth day the natives attacked, wielding bows and spears. The sailors retaliated, and war came to the island for the first time.
But this was not a war like any the man had experienced before. There were no war cries. There were no rousing speeches.
The islanders spoke no words, save for a single phrase. It would be repeated every time a sailor ventured inland in search of food or water.
The islanders did not scream the words, nor were they whispered. They were spoken in a level tone and were often accompanied by a gesture towards the island’s centre.
“Anak-so-tohru,” the men would say, as they stood between their home and the interlopers.
“Anak-so-tohru,” they would say, as they drove the strangers from their land.
“Anak-so-tohru,” they would chant, as the women and children of the island stood at the treeline and watched the battle.
Before too long, the sailors received a divine mercy. A passing Royal Navy vessel caught sight of the struggle and arrived soon after. The men were hastily brought aboard, out of the reach of the arrows and spears that had plagued them for days.
The men spoke little of their harrowing experience. However, the phrase the islanders had used would slip from their lips when they least expected it.
“Anak-so-tohru,” they would say, instead of “Thank you for the meal.”
“Anak-so-tohru,” they would whisper, instead of “Good night.”
“Anak-so-tohru,” they would mumble, instead of “I’m feeling sea-sick.”
When asked about it, they would fall silent, troubled by the words unwanted.
Eventually, they reached a safe port and returned to their lives. They would never again take to a sea-faring vessel. They would never again speak of that island. They would never again look to the horizon and wonder about the people they had encountered.
But the words remained...
*
27 years later, the story of the Nineveh landed in the hands of a bored linguistics professor living in Cambridge. Curious, he had journeyed to the home of one of the surviving sailors. The man had, after much probing, agreed to tell the full story. He had recounted his experience in hushed tones, speaking on the condition that the professor would never tell the words to another living soul. 
Upon hearing them, he was surprised to find that the words heard by the sailor had been spoken in an unknown language. In his career, he had studied hundreds of languages and thousands of dialects. But the words were not Hindi, nor Bengali, and certainly not Tamil. 
And so he began investigating in his free time, wondering what the words meant. 
However, as the days turned to months, something changed within him. What had started as a curiosity soon transformed into an obsession. He wrote to every linguist and translator he knew of, asking if they understood the language. When every reply came back negative, he delved deep into the regional dialects. 
This culminated in the professor selling his house and using the funds to spend three summers traveling around the Bay of Bengal and interviewing the various indigenous peoples.
After conferring with hundreds of natives he finally arrived at a passable translation which he subsequently presented to his colleagues with great aplomb.
He died of fever six days later.
And thus the phrase “Anak-so-tohru” and its translation were engraved upon his tombstone. It was a monument and a cautionary tale of the risks and rewards that obsession carries.
Quite ironically, its true meaning was not a profound message or a religious chant. It was just a simple warning:
“Not for you”
Chapter One: The Endless Horizon

The bird was taunting him.
It called out, celebrating its seeming invincibility.
But Sharkbait had never been taught how to give up.
He would pass this test.
He would be recognized as a man.
And he would finally be granted permission to visit the Heart of the Island.
Only then would his years long curiosity finally be sated.
But only if he could catch this bloody bird!
He had tried nets.
He had tried traps.
He had tried slings.
But still the bird evaded him.
It danced above him, singing to its kin. The shrill cry burrowed itself into Sharkbait’s head before exiting his mouth as a shout of anger.
“Rek-no-sefut!” he screamed, using the ancient curse which was usually reserved for blood-sworn enemies.
On a bird.
Thankfully he was far from the village, and he would not suffer any punishment for his transgression.
One month ago, he and the other children who had survived twenty storm seasons had gathered in the village. One by one they had affirmed their desire to become adults and had been asked to choose a trial.
Most chose the Trial of the Hunter, Sharkbait included.
However, when asked about their target, Sharkbait stood out. Most of the children said that they would hunt boar or shark, the popular choices.
But Sharkbait alone had volunteered to hunt the Swiftwing.
Why, they asked?
Because no one had ever done it before, he answered.
*
Sharkbait stared at the endless horizon.
It called to him, seducing him with its closely guarded secrets. But they were not his to unravel.
He was forbidden from even trying.
The first and last rule of the island: do not leave.
Which is why he had dedicated the last few years of his life to becoming a man and uncovering the secret of the Island’s Heart. If he could not go out, then he would go deeper in.
Hopefully whatever lay at the centre of the island would finally sate his bottomless curiosity.
But he would never get the chance to find out unless he caught that damn Swiftwing. He had tried everything, but there was a reason for its name. The moment it sensed danger approaching, it took to the skies.
And there, it was free. Out of reach of even the strongest bowman...
Sharkbait glanced skyward. The sun was nearing the horizon, casting shadows across the island. Red, purple and orange dominated the sky.
There would be a storm tomorrow.
That meant that the birds would take flight, fleeing the storm for calmer waters. If that happened... if he failed his trial... he would forever more be a child in the eyes of the tribe. He would never receive his true name, and he would be stuck as ‘Sharkbait’ for the rest of his life.
No.
He would not accept that future.
He would catch that Swiftwing, even if he had to learn how to fly to get it!
Wait...
Ah...
That could work...
*
Sharkbait breathed in deeply, and then out. The rough bark beneath him scratched his skin and the wind around him chilled his bones. He was currently climbing a Nabaga tree, treasured for its nuts and flammable bark. But he was not harvesting the small green nuts or peeling off the bark today.
For those were tasks fit only for children.
No, today he was climbing to the top.
Higher and higher he went, straining muscles developed over a lifetime of hardship. He had swum to the depths of the shoals and raced the other children around the island.
He could do this.
Upon reaching the top, he began crawling out onto the sturdiest branch. It swayed in the wind of the burgeoning storm, but he kept his eyes down, not up. The storm could wait.
Sharkbait had chosen his path, and he would not choose again.
Tensing his body, he slowly lowered himself over the edge of the branch. Twenty paces below the Swiftwing was sitting peacefully on the forest floor, enjoying a meal of seeds.
“I am Sharkbait, son of Rak-Va, and I hereby proclaim myself master of the skies…” he whispered.
And then he dropped.
The Swiftwing sensed his approach and instinctively took flight. Unfortunately, whilst used to evading predators on the ground, nothing had ever attacked it from the air. It flew upwards, towards freedom and safety. 
Just as planned.
Sharkbait, falling freely, caught the bird in one hand as it rose towards him. It fought for a moment, but his hand was strong and calloused from years of shucking coconuts and stripping bark. A moment later the Swiftwing stopped struggling, instead choosing to look at its captor with a cool regard.
It was done.
*
Nine naked children stood before the roaring flame. Every child, man and woman on the island had gathered in the meeting place, adjudicated by the elders of the tribe. They all knew why they were there.
To witness the adulthood ceremony.
“Children, this morning the last of your number confirmed that they had succeeded in their trial,” the elder called, standing before the massive bonfire. The shadows it cast changed and flowed across the clearing, drenching the holy place in equal measures of light and darkness.
“By our laws and by our ways, we ask you know to present your trophies!” he continued, beckoning the children forward.
One by one the children stepped forward and displayed their trophies.
One had a shark tooth necklace around her neck.
Another clutched a finely dried boar skin in his hands.
Eventually it was Sharkbait’s turn. Stepping forward, he lifted up the wooden cage he had constructed to house the Swiftwing. It sat peacefully in the wooden construct, silently judging the tribe. 
It too was without fear.
However, upon presenting his trophy the elder raised a grey eyebrow.
“Sharkbait the Curious, was it?”
Sharkbait nodded.
“You undertook the Trial of the Hunter? And yet your quarry still lives?”
Sharkbait smiled and replied, “The tradition demands that we catch our prey, but it does not say that we need to kill it. I will spill no blood for no good reason, elder.”
He should have been admonished for his disrespect, but tonight was a special occasion. It was the last moment of childhood for those present, and therefore the last time such naughtiness would be tolerated. From tomorrow, the elder would be well within his rights to demand a blood payment for such an offense.
Sharkbait knew this, of course.
And he knew how to use it.
“Hmm… I suppose that is true. Very well, I accept your trophy.”
Sharkbait nodded but said nothing. No need to press his luck.
Turning back to the others, the elder lifted up both hands and cried out, “We are only children once, for such is our way! Today, all of you will shed your childish ways and become full members of the tribe! You will hunt with us, build with us, and bond with us! We are one people, and one people we will remain!”
The others took up the cry.
Sharkbait, however, was silent. His eyes instead wandered, towards the Heart of the Island. It lay a few paces away, concealed by a tall wooden wall. Painted on the wood were warnings written in red paint, warning all those unworthy from approaching the most sacred place on the island.
Tonight, Sharkbait would finally go inside.
*
Once the cry died down, the elder turned back to his peers and gestured for them to come forward. As they did so, a few of them brought sealed containers made from boar-hide which were filled with water. One by one the water was tossed onto the fire, eliciting steam and sparks. Only when the last elder passed by, did the fire finally die.
A moment later several torches were lit around the edge of the meeting place, restoring the lost light.
“When we die, our bodies return to the earth,” another elder intoned, facing the would-be adults, “From this day until your last, never forget this. You might defeat a hundred sharks or sire a dozen children, but those accomplishments will not follow you into the Great Darkness. But the tribe… our people… will endure. As you leave this place, you carry us with you. When you catch a large boar, we are with you. And when you breathe your last, we are with you. From now, until the stars above are no more…”
One by one, the people of the tribe stepped forward and placed a hand on the fire’s remnant. When they stood, their hand was covered in white ash. Without pausing, they came forward and placed their ashen hand upon the flesh of the children. Slowly, Sharkbait’s midnight skin was dyed white as man, woman and child placed their mark upon his body.
“One tribe, one people, one fate,” they chanted, as the ritual continued.
“Only when the last of the ash is washed off will you receive your true name,” the elder commented, going to each would-be adult and confirming that they had been covered head to toe, “But for now, it is with joy that I proclaim you children no more!”
Immediately every voice in attendance was raised and a cry of shared jubilation rose out.
Every voice save for Sharkbait’s.
*
A short while later, the people of the tribe began to depart. Some went to cook supper for their little ones. Some went to go and check their traps in the forest. And some simply went to sleep.
But for the new adults, the night was just beginning.
“You have passed your trials and received the Ashmark, now only one thing remains,” an elder called, facing the ashen men and women, “You must now pass through the Heart of the Island and receive its blessing.” 
Sharkbait nodded, sweat beading on his forehead.
This is why he was here.
“One by one, you will enter the Heart. Once you leave, you must tell no one of what you have seen. It is not something to be shared, especially with the children of the tribe, understand?”
The men and women nodded.
Sharkbait did not.
“Good. Follow me,” the elder replied, gesturing for the first woman to do so.
Taking a deep breath, she did so, and together they passed through the wooden gate leading into the Heart of the Island.
It wouldn’t be long now…
*
One by one, the newly-made adults were summoned forth and entered the Heart. None of those called had yet returned, which meant that there was more than one entrance.
Interesting…
Eventually it was time.
“Sharkbait?” an elder, a woman with white hair and an abundance of wrinkles called.
“I am here, and I am ready,” he replied, voice cracking slightly.
Damn.
“Do not worry, there is nothing in here that can hurt you,” the elder replied with a kind smile.
Nodding, Sharkbait stepped forward, feeling his legs begin to shake. He was so close now.
Please… let this finally sate his curiosity…
Heading forward, he passed through the wooden gate which he had spent much of his childhood watching. The other side was obscured by thick trees covered in thorns.
“Follow me,” the elder said, holding a lit torch. Together they ventured deeper into the Heart, and yet Sharkbait felt no fear.
Only the same old burning desire for knowledge. The one that had ignited the moment he had taken his first breaths.
No… tonight he quenched that flame. Once he knew the secret of the Heart, he could finally put it behind him. He could be a normal member of the tribe.
He could finally be… normal.
A few minutes later, the ground began to slope downwards. 
Very interesting… The rest of the island sloped upwards, towards the centre…
No. No more mysteries.
Glancing up, Sharkbait saw that the thorn trees had begun to thin. Slowly, the way forward was revealed to him. He was approaching a clearing of some kind, centred on the Heart of the Island. The land had levelled out, meaning that he was in some kind of depression.
As he watched, more torches came into view, held by other elders. They were standing before… something.
Something which lay half-hidden in shadow.
Something which dwarfed every other structure on the island.
Something which seemed to be made out of light itself.
“Welcome, Sharkbait the Curious, to the Heart of the Island,” an elder cried, beckoning Sharkbait closer. 
He did so, and yet his eyes never left the object before him.
“What you see before you is the Skyfire. It has laid here for almost ten generations, and by its skin our most powerful weapons are made.”
What?
Another elder came forward, holding something long and thin and wrapped in cloth.
“A gift, for one who dared to be different,” she said, with a smile. Taking the object, Sharkbait carefully unwrapped it.
It was… a spear.
How original.
But, as he rolled it in his hands, he came to understand. It was lighter than any spear he had ever held, and yet it did not feel flimsy. If anything, it felt stronger than the one currently sitting in his hut, and its point looked sharp enough to cut through rock. It was a strange colour, reminding him of the inside of a coconut merged with the brilliance of a polished shell. There was nothing else like it, save for the object looming over them.
“Thank you, elders, but I have a question…” Sharkbait began.
“Anything,” an elder replied, “You are a man now, and thus no secrets shall be kept from you.”
“Very well,” Sharkbait said, before extending the spear and pointing it at the structure, “What is the Skyfire, and where did it come from?”
The elders shared a look.
As one they turned back to Sharkbait and replied, “We don’t know.”
*
Sharkbait sat in the light of the dying torch. All of the elders had left the Heart.
Only he remained.
The ‘Skyfire’ lay before him. It was larger than five huts bound together, and twice as tall. More of the strange, silvery material covered the object’s outer layer, while more unknown materials lay within. It was hollow but not spherical, looking as if it had been crushed by the hand of a giant.
Sharkbait studied it for hours, until the light of the rising sun illuminated his ashen skin.
But no matter how much he prodded and pried, he could not figure out what it was or where it had come from.
The elders, when pressed, had simply stated that it had always been there, for as long as anyone could tell anyway. No one had ever studied it. No one had ever even tried.
No… no one else had the burning flame in their hearts.
No one else spent their days asking ‘why?’ until they were turned away.
Only Sharkbait.
Eventually, Sharkbait stood. 
He had made a decision.
He could spend the rest of his life staring at the Skyfire, but he knew that it would not quench the flame within. No, in truth he had always known that the only way forward was to go out. Beyond the reef, beyond the shoals, beyond the horizon.
“I am Sharkbait, and I have chosen my path. Tomorrow… I will break the only rule of my people. Tomorrow… I will leave this island…”
Chapter Two: Beyond the Reef

Sharkbait awoke before dawn, just as he always had. Every morning he watched as the first rays of light broke through the world’s edge. Today was no different.
No. Today was different.
Today was the day he left the island.
For years he had dreamed of this moment, but somehow he had always found a way to put it off.
He had told himself that he first had to grow big and strong.
And he had.
He had told himself to learn the cycles and patterns of the wind and waves.
And he had.
He had told himself to first discover the secret at the heart of the island.
And he had.
But he had no more excuses to give.
The island held nothing more for him. He had studied every plant and fish, investigated every last secret and hidden thing. He had learned all he needed to learn.
And yet he still hungered for me.
Where had the “Skyfire” come from?
What was his spear made from?
Who else was out there, beyond the reef?
What had happened to the people from the world beyond? He knew them only from the tales told around the village. Strange men and women who arrived in ships of metal. They had brought gifts and disease in equal measure.
But one day they had stopped coming. Now all that remained of them were a few rusted shipwrecks and a handful of broken trinkets.
Sharkbait stood from his woven mat.
Taking a deep breath of morning air, he got to work.
*
Sharkbait held his breath, spear held tightly with both hands. The boar sniffed the air, searching for anything amiss. It took a step towards the bush that currently concealed him.
Sharkbait did nothing.
A child would have wept or run.
But he was a man.
A hunter.
The boar took another step towards him, sharp tusks facing his unprotected body.
Sharkbait slowly raised his strange spear. It fell almost too light in his hands. For a moment he wondered if the breeze would carry it away. Or perhaps it would shatter against the boar’s hide?
Either outcome meant death.
But he could not die now. Not after he had finally made up his mind.
A sudden sound made the boar stop and turn. A Swiftwing, probably searching for a mate, danced through the air with an enviable grace. The boar watched the bird for a moment, most likely calculating if it was something to be eaten or avoided. After a moment it shook its snout and turned back to the prize at hand.
And in that moment, Sharkbait struck.
The metal spear sailed through the air, creating a noise akin to a leaf being torn in two. It’s sharpened point impacted the boar’s undefended neck and Sharkbait pushed with all of his might.
To his surprise the spear slid straight through the ambushed animal, offering almost no resistance. He felt bones and muscle give way and felt the lifeblood splash against his chest.
After only a few seconds, the boar lay at his feet.
This was nothing like his spear of old. A twisted branch hewn straight and given an edge. That thing would have taken four or five stabs and probably would have snapped in half somewhere around the third strike.
Sharkbait was so surprised he almost forgot to give his rites of thanks.
Cursing his own foolishness he dropped to the forest floor and placed both hands upon the dying animal.
“Thank you, for your gift of flesh and meat. It will not be wasted…” he said, as he felt the lifeforce fade and the boar’s movements stop.
With thanks given, he began to carve the still warm flesh.
Despite his success, however, he knew he would need much more than this for the journey ahead….
*
Sharkbait gingerly placed the wrapped boar meat in the canoe. It sat snugly in a fold in the rocks on the far side of the island. The fish here were smaller and harder to catch, so barely anyone came this way.
Perfect for hiding a forbidden ship.
It had taken him four storm cycles to build it, secretly taking materials from the village and working on it only under the cover of night. It was a shoddy thing, made of wood and woven cloth, but it floated and that’s what counted. He had designed it based on the wrecks found on the island’s shores. It was roughly as long as two men laid toes to top and as wide as Ghal-ka, the largest man on the island. He had fashioned a sail made from stolen cloth and held fast by rusted nails which could be extended by a pulley of his own design.
He was proud of it, in a way, and yet somehow he knew what it really was: A pale imitation of the real things that even now lay half-buried in the sand. 
Perhaps he would find more of them out there, intact and ready to be studied?
Or perhaps he would just find an endless expanse of water, like the elders claimed?
They said that the entire world lay drowned now. Whole islands swallowed up by the sea, because of sins or greed or something like that.
Only the people of the island had been spared, the elders sang, only we had been protected by the gods of sea and sky.
No. There had to be more out there.
More than this!
There had to be people out there who asked ‘why?’ instead of…
Instead of nothing.
Sharkbait took a moment to weep for his people. He let out his tears for the cage his people had built for themselves.
Just like he had built for the Swiftwing.
Ah. There was still something he had to do, before he left everything behind.
*
The Swiftwing sang to him as he approached. It looked… wrong, sitting in that cage of wood and nail.
“Do you want to be free?” he asked the small creature.
It stared at him in response.
“Of course you do…” Sharkbait continued, looking at the trapped bird.
Without hesitating, he stepped forward and opened the cage. The Swiftwing looked at him warily, obviously trying to gauge his intentions. But when no hands came to grab it, it ventured forth on its own. It took a moment to stretch its wings, as it peered around the dark hut.
After locating the open door, it flapped once, twice, and then it was gone, a flash of blue and grey racing towards freedom.
*
Sharkbait watched the horizon with weary eyes. The predicted storm had almost arrived. A bank of storm clouds rolled across the skies, bearing down on the tiny island. Tonight every man, woman and child would be inside the village, doors barred with wood and stone. Every person on the island would wait out the storm and then, in the morning, they would rebuild whatever had been destroyed.
Every person except for one.
It was time to go.
And yet, there was one thing Sharkbait had not done.
He had gathered enough food for the journey.
He had collected plenty of medicinal salves for any potential wounds.
He had harvested enough coconuts for their sweet water.
But he had not spoken to Resh-ka.
He had not explained his feelings. He had not proposed to form a mating pair. He had done… nothing.
But a part of him knew that he could not face Resh-ka. If he spoke the words and they were received well, it would be another thing tying him to the island. His mind would forever be wanting to leave, and his heart would forever be urging him to stay.
So he left without saying anything.
Perhaps, if he ever returned, he would speak the words he had kept in his heart for three storm seasons.
But the time for words had passed. The storm was approaching. The time for action had arrived.
*
Sharkbait checked the sail for the fiftieth time. It was still free from holes, just as it had been for the last forty-nine observations.
He knew what he was doing. He was delaying the inevitable. He was trying to find a reason to stay on the island. But his ship had not fallen apart when he dragged it down to the water. His supplies had not mysteriously vanished while he had prepared to leave. And for the fifty-first time he confirmed that his sail was still intact.
There were no more excuses.
The storm had arrived. It gusted across the island, bending trees and shaking huts. It was ferocious and unrelenting, and it was the final thing he needed to escape his home.
Taking a deep breath he asked the gods above and below to watch over him. If they refused… well, then he would do this on his own.
Using a hand-carved paddle, he pushed his canoe forward. It slowly began to pick up speed as it left the shallow shoals behind. Within a few seconds he was heading for the deep blue of open water. All that stood in his way was the reef.
Normally it would have proved to be an impossible barrier.
But today the storm was on his side. The swells below and gusts above lifted his tiny canoe and threw it forward, allowing him to clear the ship-killing reefs. In a heartbeat he was through, and everything he had ever known lay behind him.
He let out a jubilant scream which was answered by a shriek of thunder rolling across the sky. He wasn’t sure if this meant that the gods were pleased with him or not, but in that moment he didn’t care.
“I AM SHARKBAIT!” he cried, as the rain and winds pelted his body, washing away the last traces of the Ashmark, “AND I WILL TRAVEL TO THE HORIZON! I WILL FIND EVERY SECRET THE WORLD HAS KEPT FROM ME! AND I WILL NEVER LOOK BACK!!!”
With his vow made, he finally unfurled the hand-sewn sail. It immediately caught the storm-gale and opened to its full extent. Sharkbait could do little but hold onto the wood of his ship and brace himself for whatever the future offered…
Chapter Three: Sharkbait

It should have been boring.
The endless blue. The desolate sky. The vast, overpowering silence.
And yet Sharkbait had never been more excited. Everything was new and unexplored. From the way the light caught the ocean waves to the unusual shapes darting beneath the boat. For the first time in his life, he felt as though he was where he belonged.
He was traveling with the rising sun on his right hand side. From his investigation of the island’s shipwrecks he had discovered that the majority of them lay on the northern beaches. Thus, he had surmised that his greatest chance of finding land lay in that direction.
As to what he would do when he made landfall?
Sharkbait had no idea. If the people he encountered could be reasoned with, then he could barter with them for knowledge.
If not… well, he had brought his spear and bow along after all…
But it did not matter what the people said or did. He would obtain knowledge of the world one way or another.
Even if that meant lowering his head and begging.
Closing his eyes, he laid down in the canoe, thinking back to days long gone. He could still remember so clearly his inquisitive childhood. While the other children had meekly accepted the wisdom from the adults, Sharkbait had questioned everything.
Where do fish come from?
Why are there ships made of metal on our beaches?
What happened to the strangers who used to visit our shores?
But for every question he asked, silence was his only answer.
The adults didn’t care and the elders had no idea.
So Sharkbait had investigated by himself. He had caught several fish and placed them in rock-walled pools of rainwater and observed them for weeks.
Eventually he observed one of the fish laying several small objects. Soon after he witnessed another fish depositing something on the objects. Before too long the objects became tiny fish which grew quickly into miniature adults.
One mystery down, two to go.
*
Sharkbait sighed. He had believed, in his youth, that every mystery could be solved with just a bit of work. So he studied the metal-made ships. He crawled inside them and chipped away at their strange shells, taking samples of rust and nail. But no matter how much he poked and prodded, the ships did not give up their secrets. It was clear that they had not come from the island, and that they were made from superior materials and using better tools than anything Sharkbait had access to.
But everything else remained a mystery.
How had they ended up on the island? Who had been sailing them?
And for what purpose?
Disheartened, he approached the third mystery with a mixture of excitement and restraint.
He knew that it would not be easy to unravel the secrets of the strangers.
From the stories of his people he knew that they had visited only a handful of times since the island was first inhabited. Sometimes they came bearing trinkets and gifts, other times they sought to study the people of the island.
But they never stayed for long.
Well, no, some had stayed for a very long time…
*
On the eastern edge of the island, hidden deep in the forest, was a grave for the strangers. Some had been killed by his people, others had fallen to disease or storms. But all were buried there, their bones picked clean by the beasts and the birds.
And so, filled with curiosity, Sharkbait had snuck into the hidden place and dug up the remains. Most of the bodies had been wrapped in strange garments that felt smooth to the touch, unlike his rough coverings. One by one he had dragged the remains from the grave, taking care to keep the bones together. He had found strange metal tools with pieces of clear, rounded glass on a few of the skulls. Looking through them made his head hurt, so he surmised that they had been some kind of torture device for hated enemies. He had also bound bangles made from metal and glass which, when opened, seemed to have been a storage device for tiny pieces of metal with little teeth.
But after several days of investigating, Sharkbait returned the bones to their resting place.
He had failed once again.
*
Sharkbait counted the stars until he ran out of numbers.
So he invented new ones.
The sky above was filled with light and all of it was his to witness.
This is why he had left the island.
The world held more than he knew, and he was going to uncover every last secret.
Or die trying.
*
Sharkbait was going to die.
He stared glumly at the last of his supplies. Half a jug of rainwater.
Three pieces of wrapped meat.
It had been sixteen days since he left the island, and yet nothing had changed. Some days the wind blew, others the sail lay flat. Some days it rained and he replenished his stock of water, others the sky remained empty.
Around him, stretching in every direction, was yet more water. He wondered, briefly, if the elders had been right after all.
Maybe all that remained in the world was his tiny little island and an endless expanse of blue. Had the secrets of the world already disappeared beneath the waves?
Was he too late?
As he lay there, stomach singing songs of hunger, he felt something stir in the water.
A dash of black amongst the blue.
A fin, cutting through the waves.
A killer of men, looking for its next meal.
Sharkbait smiled. He had finally become… shark bait.
He would have laughed, but he was too hungry. So instead he edged himself over the lip of his canoe, one foot dangling in the water. His hands gripped the Skyfire spear tightly, waiting for the right moment.
Nothing happened for a long time.
But Sharkbait was a patient man. He had hunted shark before, but never like this.
Licking his lips, he continued to watch the dark waters. A single lapse of concentration could mean a missing foot or worse.
Eventually he saw it. The tell-tale movement of the water. He wiggled the toes of his submerged foot, hoping that his bait would suffice.
A heartbeat later, the great beast struck, a mouth filled with sharp teeth bearing down on Sharkbait’s unprotected flesh. Sharkbait counted to three, took a deep breath, and then struck with the strange spear.
Just as it had with the boar’s tough hide, the spear ripped through the shark’s rough skin. In the same motion Sharkbait retracted his foot and planted both feet on the side of the canoe. Heaving with all of his remaining strength, he wrenched the creature free from his watery home. It thrashed and flailed atop him, but he held fast, waiting out its dying throes. After a few minutes, the killer of man lay dead.
*
“Thank you, for your gift of flesh and meat. It will not be wasted…” Sharkbait said, as he carefully dissected the shark. It was bigger than he had expected and the canoe had almost flipped over during its last spurts of life. It was a bit tough to eat and would normally be cooked and spiced over several hours, but Sharkbait was hungry and raw would have to do.
As he chewed through the tough, foul-tasting meat Sharkbait eyed the horizon. Judging from the position of the stars above he had remained on a steady course since leaving the island, and yet he had still not seen a hint of new land.
Had he been too optimistic?
He had watched as new birds arrived on the island from some far off place. He had measured their wings and concluded that they could not have travelled far without finding a place to rest. Thus, there should be land no further than a few days travel from the island.
Sharkbait laughed at his foolishness. He knew so little of how the world worked and yet he had gambled his life on the wings of birds!
But, even if he were to perish out here on the waves and beneath the unrelenting sun, he would die content. For he had done something that no one else had.
He had left the island.
One day, maybe in the distant future, someone would try again.
They would be better prepared, or they would just be luckier.
He was the first, but he knew in his heart that he was not the last.
And thus Sharkbait prepared to welcome death…
THE EN-
Sharkbait’s eyes snapped open.
He had seen something.
Not the endless blue above or the dark grey below.
Something darker still.
Land.
Straining his eyes, he scanned the horizon, trying to recapture that faint hope. There, dead ahead, was a tiny strip of green lying just above the waterline. As he watched the line grew, until it stretched across the surface.
He had been expecting another island.
Maybe two.
But what lay before him dwarfed his home.
Surely he had found all of the land in the world, concentrated in a single spot.
Letting out a hearty laugh, he began rowing towards the distant shore. He did not wait for the wind to pick up and guide him forward.
He had waited all his life, and now, with his prize in sight, his patience had vanished.
And so he pressed forward, arms pumping and spray hitting his bare chest.
He could not lose the smile on his face.
He could not stop moving forward.
He could not rid himself of the burning hope in his heart.
Disappointment lay behind.
His future, and although he did not know it, the future of the world, lay ahead…



Chapter Four: New World

Sharkbait had no words for the things he was seeing. He knew then that he would have to invent entirely new words so that he could describe the wonders ahead.
“Ghen-ip-la” he said, looking at the strange object on the beach. It looked similar to his spear but had fabric wrapped around most of the shaft. It felt soft to the touch and was unlike anything he had encountered on the island. Feeling around the base of the object he felt a kind of knob that moved under his searching fingers. On a whim he pressed down on the knob and a moment later the fabric unwrapped itself and expanded greatly. After calming down he investigated further and found several short sticks made of a white material connecting the fabric to the shaft.
“What are you?” he asked, but the object spoke only in silence.
Looking up, he found several more ‘Ghen-ip-las’ strewn across the white sand beach. They were not ordered or organized and looked abandoned.
But Sharkbait already knew that he would learn nothing by studying dead things. He needed to find someone who could teach him about the world.
But the beach was bereft of life.
So he dragged his canoe up the beach and gathered as many provisions as he could carry in his pack. He took a moment to stare at the ocean, fancying that perhaps he could see his island if he tried hard enough. He wondered if they would miss him.
If Resh-ka would miss him.
No, he couldn’t think like that. He had made his choice.
He could not return empty handed, if he ever returned at all.
*
Moving inland, he soon arrived at a village. Immediately his heart began to pound harder.
The huts looked strange, being made of painted rock and having no reeds for roofs, but surely there was a reason for this. They certainly looked quite sturdy, unlike his own hut which he had rebuilt multiple times due to powerful storms. After a few minutes of walking he came to an opening between the rocky huts.
Well, here was as good a place as any.
Lowering his spear and bow to the ground, he fished out the remaining shark meat and held it above his head.
Taking a deep breath, he called out, “Hear me, strangers, and heed my voice! I am Sharkbait, adult of the island! I come with no intentions of violence and instead bring gifts of meat and bone! Please, let us sit and talk as friends!”
Sharkbait watched the huts with keen eyes. In his mind he was already envisioning all of the new discoveries he was about to make. He fought to keep his face neutral and posture welcoming, but in his heart he wanted to dance.
And yet, as the seconds turned to minutes, no voices called out to him.
So he tried again.
“Hear me, strangers, and heed my voice! I am no enemy of yours if you are no enemy of mine! I share this meat freely and without thought of repayment! Come and join me, and let us become brothers!”
But silence was his only answer.
And so his feelings of joy turned to anguish. He wanted to cry, but he was Sharkbait, killer of sharks and sailor of seas. He would not let this defeat him.
Slowly he lowered the shark meat and, picking up his Skyfire spear, he approached the nearest hut. Its entrance was covered by thick wood but it swung open as a single push from the spear. Taking a deep breath, he walked inside, spear at the ready.
Chaos greeted him.
Garments strewn across the polished rock floor. Things that looked like eating tools and shards of shell lay scattered everywhere. Nothing in the hut still lived.
Backing out, he tried the next hut.
Again, no voices called out to him. No people accosted him.
No one was here.
And so Sharkbait screamed a wordless scream. He poured his frustration and lost hope into his voice and cursed the gods for their trickery.
When his voice finally broke he fell silent.
Had the elders been right about the world? What if the island was all that remained?
No, there had been people here once. People unlike those from the island. People who knew things and believed things that were unknown to him. Something had caused them to leave this village. But that did not mean that they were all gone.
Somewhere, somehow, someone…
Shaking his head, Sharkbait left the empty huts and returned to his things.
He wasn’t done yet…
*
Sharkbait spent the next few hours checking every hut in the village. During his search he came across dozens of new tools and strange objects he barely took the time to name, but no people. As night arrived he returned to the first hut and searched until he found a place to rest. The thing before him looked like a fallen tree which had been carved into a roughly rectangular shape. Someone had then covered it with fabric and cloth to make a Thek-ra-si, a place to lay his head. He took the time to eat some more shark meat and drink some rainwater before climbing onto the mysterious object. As soon as his head touched the smaller, rectangular bundle of cloth he felt his body unclench. He had never slept on anything other than the floor of his hut or against a well-placed rock.
Immediately sleep claimed him and he drifted off into the world of darkness.
His dreams were chaotic and uncoordinated, consisting of fights against gigantic sharks and returning to his island to discover that everyone had been washed away by the storm.
He awoke the next morning, feeling refreshed and renewed.
Today was the day he found them.
*
Sharkbait stared at the collection of items before him. They were all new to his eyes, but he could hopefully guess their use from their shape and composition.
The first thing he picked up was roughly the size of his second finger and looked like a small, rectangular case. It was filled with a liquid of some sort and had a small piece of metal at one end. It looked like a mechanism that Sharkbait had seen on the Stranger’s belongings.
Now, what was this used for? Perhaps a portable source of water? But the liquid inside would only provide for a few drops of water, and there was no way to get it out.
So he shook the case, seeing if that would do anything. As he did so, his thumb brushed against the metallic mechanism and a moment later a tiny sliver of flame emerged. The sudden heat was enough to make him drop the case and it fell to the floor with a dull thud.
After calming down, he reached down and immediately noticed two things.
One, the flame had vanished.
And two, the case seemed to be totally undamaged.
Taking a deep breath, he shook the case again and brushed the metal end, causing another flame to bloom.
For a few seconds he just stared in wonder at the tiny device in his hands.
Instant fire.
This alone could change the island overnight. No more struggling to make a spark in the wind and rain.
But just as quickly as it had come, his elation vanished. For as impressive as the device in his hands was, it was meaningless if he didn’t understand it. From what he could tell the liquid somehow fuelled the flame, meaning that it wasn’t infinite. Eventually it would run out, and darkness would reign unopposed.
No, he didn’t want trinkets.
Sharkbait wanted knowledge.
He wanted to know how this device had been built and how it worked. He wanted to understand the principles and theories involved.
And, ultimately, he wanted to replicate it and, if possible, improve upon it.
Placing the instant fire maker in his pouch, he turned his attention to the next item on the table. This one, thankfully, looked simpler. It was the size of a clamshell and was made of a hard material that he couldn’t identify. There was a small metallic joint at one end which did nothing upon being touched. The other end was slightly loose and opened to his searching fingers. The clamshell clicked open a second later, revealing a tiny Sharkbait.
*
Sharkbait stared at his miniature self.
It stared back.
He opened his mouth.
It opened its mouth.
He said, “Greetings… me…”
But although his tiny replica moved its mouth to match him no words came out.
His first thought was that a demon had somehow trapped his soul in this device.
But Sharkbait forced himself to think of an alternative answer. If he was to explore the lands of the strangers he needed to keep his wits about him.
Moving his head, he tested to see if his smaller self would stay behind. To his relief, it disappeared as he moved. In its place was a piece of wall with a crack running down the middle. Turning his head, he found the same crack on the wall behind him.
Ah, he thought, a portable tool for showing reflections.
Handy if he cared about fixing his appearance, but with Resh-ka far away he had no need of such a thing.
Despite this, he found himself still pocketing the device. It might turn out to be useful someday, after all…
Over the next hour he went through several more items, each more mystifying than the last. Some, like the hand-sized slabs of black metal and glass, appeared to do nothing. Others, like the small pieces of metal shaped into hooks with tiny glass beads on one side were probably used while fishing.
The final item was a pair of black tubes connected in the middle. Pieces of round glass sat snugly at the end of each tube.
Wary of what it might do to him, Sharkbait gingerly lifted the device to his eyes.
After a minute, he lowered it once more, sweat soaking his eyes. He wanted to scream but the words were locked away behind a wall of fear.
Rubbing his eyes, he went to stare at a piece of wall on the far side of the wall. There, staring back at him, was an insect.
It was the size of his fingernail, not as large as his hut. Stepping backwards, he lifted the device to his eyes.
Immediately the insect grew in size.
Its grotesque face loomed before him, mandibles clicking and clacking and looking ready to feed.
Sharkbait swore a word that would have earned him a scolding from the elders if he had not become an adult only recently. Turning his head, he glanced around the room, noting how tiny things grew to massive proportions.
A device for making small things appear big.
Strange, but by this point Sharkbait had come to expect such strangeness from the strangers. 
Placing the item in his pack with the others, he finally left the room.
He felt his excitement grow with each new finding. Even without someone explaining things, he was slowly making his own discoveries. Although he knew that if he wanted to truly understand he still needed a teacher well-versed in the stranger’s world.
After gathering his things he took a final look around the village.
While he had not found any people, he knew that he had to keep searching. So, bidding the place farewell, he followed the only path north, in search of knowledge…
Chapter Five: Taller Than Trees

Sharkbait was beginning to lose hope.
Again.
He had been traveling for the better part of a day, keeping to the path which had lead out of the village. Always moving north, he had encountered several more villages along the route. Each one received a quick stop and a loud greeting. But no one ever replied to his call and the huts and streets remained deserted.
Was everyone hiding from him?
No, he was a lone man with only a few weapons. They should have nothing to fear from him.
If anything, he should have felt more fear, walking past the homes of such an advanced people.
But no matter how much he called or pleaded, no faces emerged from the shadows.
He was alone.
*
A few hours later, Sharkbait stood on a hill and stared in wonder. There was another village in the distance, but ‘village’ did not seem to do it justice. Huts made of metal and glass shot up from the earth, heading towards the sky. They were taller than the tallest tree on the island and far thicker. How many hundreds of people could live in such a structure? He counted twenty before he gave up.
And then he did the math.
Twenty structures, roughly enough space for his entire village in each metal hut. And from what he could see with the make-things-bigger device there were more such structures in the distance.
The people here must have numbered in the thousands at the very least.
So where had they gone?
And why?
*
A few hours later Sharkbait entered the largest village.
No, this was no village.
“Chara-la-na,” he said, as he craned his neck to look at the metal structures.
Place of Many.
Taking a deep breath, he called out to anyone living in the huts that dwarfed the trees.
“Hear me, and feel no fear!” he called, his voice echoing slightly, “I am Sharkbait, and I have come in search of knowledge and friendship!”
Planting his Skyfire spear into the ground, Sharkbait waited.
*
Sharkbait sat beneath a tree which had emerged from a broken wall close to the towering huts. He had spent five hours calling out to anyone who would listen. Just like before, no one had answered him.
For a moment, he received a vision of the future. He would travel across the land, visiting villages and Chara-na-las of all different shapes and sizes. He would call out again and again, until one day his voice would run out.
Old and crooked, he would die in an unknown place, still feebly trying to find someone, anyone, to learn from.
That vision alone was enough to bring tears to his eyes, and for the first time since leaving the island he regretted his actions. If he had stayed he would have received his true name, spent his days hunting and building alongside his friends and maybe, just maybe, win the heart of Resh-ka…
It was not too late… he could still return to the island and claim that he had been swept out to sea by the storm. He would be welcomed back and his return would be celebrated with a great feast.
But the questions would always live in his mind.
Had he searched hard enough?
Had he done enough?
Had he missed something?
The thought that if he had just worked a bit harder, walked a bit further, shouted a bit louder…
That thought was the biggest reason he could not return to the island.
“What if?” he muttered, staring at the clear skies above.
But they too held no answers for him.
*
After resting beneath the tree and eating the last of the shark meat Sharkbait left the towering huts. He saw more paths in the distance and all of them seemed to be leading to the centre of the Chara-na-la. Well, if that was where he was meant to go, then he would not turn away.
As he walked, Sharkbait took in the changing structures along the path. The huts had grown more lavish and ornate and contained several gardens and figurines.
It reminded him of Resh-ka’s father, Tesh-ka. The man had the largest hut in the village and had decorated it with the bones of hundreds of fish. As the best fisherman on the island, he had often bragged that he could catch anything that swam in the ocean.
Sharkbait had no reason to doubt that claim.
However, as Sharkbait travelled further he came upon more huts. These, in comparison to their lavish cousins, were tiny and compact. Some of them were even smaller than his own hut.
Sharkbait shook his head, mystified by the inequality. Even Tesh-ka, for all his boasting, had always added his catch to the village stores. When other members of the tribe had fished poorly, Tesh-ka would take them aside and offer to teach them his tricks.
On the island, all were equal.
But it seemed that the strangers, for all of their wonders, had yet to learn this simple truth…
*
The sun was nearing the horizon by the time Sharkbait reached the centre of the Chara-na-la. He honestly didn’t know what he expected to find there.
More empty huts? Probably.
More disappointment? Definitely.
And yet, as he drew nearer, he saw a break in the cramped huts which had grown so close together as to be touching. In the break was a space which seemed to have purposefully been left clear, allowing the grass and trees to grow freely. At the centre of the space was the largest and most majestic hut yet. Walking down the path he could tell that this place had been special to the strangers. And yet, it too looked abandoned and overgrown.
Walking forward, he saw something new.
A stranger.
But this stranger was not alive, nor had it ever lived. It was a carving of a stranger made of white rock, with green vines strangling his limbs. He wore a long, flowing cloak and had a weapon at his side which had been broken in half.
“Are you the only one left?” he asked the stranger-in-white.
Chuckling, he turned to leave and continue his fruitless quest.
He stopped, however, when the stranger spoke to him.
Chapter Six: Hek-To

Sharkbait turned around slowly. Had he finally lost his mind?
Or had this dead stranger just spoken to him?
Could they even do that? None of the bodies he had unearthed on the island had looked very talkative…
“Hello?” he called, feeling foolish.
Nothing.
Just a trick of the wind, then, he thought, feeling discouraged once more.
“Namaste, kaise ho aap?” said the stranger, in a language unfamiliar to Sharkbait’s ears.
“I’m sorry, I don’t understand!” Sharkbait replied, jubilation and frustration wrestling for dominance in his mind.
“Hayi umndiya? Njani ngale nto?” the stranger called back.
This language sounded… different. But its words still meant nothing to him.
“Do you speak the language of my people?” he asked, feeling pessimistic.
“Pa-hat, chak-so-ra?”
Sharkbait felt his ears perk up.
That had almost sounded like the language of the island. The words were familiar and yet slightly off.
Either that, or the stranger really had just asked him if had once been a pig.
Taking a breath, Sharkbait tried to correct the stranger’s words, saying, “Pah-ha, chaka-ro-la?” which meant ‘Where is your home?’
The stranger said nothing for a while. Perhaps Sharkbait had unintentionally insulted him?
Just before he was about to attempt an apology, however, the stranger spoke once more, saying, in the language of the island, “This is my home.”
Upon hearing the words of his people Sharkbait immediately broke into laughter. He had expected to struggle to communicate with the strangers, but the very first one had grasped the language of the island within minutes!
“What is your name?” he asked the stranger. It was customary to introduce yourself before any other conversations could take place.
More silence, and then…
“I… I do not have a name. What is yours?”
Sharkbait laughed and replied, “I have also not received a name, but most call me Sharkbait.”
“Hmmm… Fish food- Meat- Predator- Meal- Ah, Bait for Sharks!”
“Yes!” Sharkbait cried, tears running down his face.
“Well met, Sharkbait,” the stranger said.
“Well met, Stranger,” Sharkbait said.
“Ah, I suppose I should reveal myself,” the stranger said.
Sharkbait eyed the stranger-in-white. It had not moved once during their entire exchange, nor had its mouth changed position.
He could not imagine it moving.
And thus he was completely surprised when a small object drifted around the stranger-in-white. It was roughly the size of his head and had a large, single green eye. Its skin was dirty and marred brown, although there were hints of white beneath.
Sharkbait’s mind raced as the object triggered a deep memory. His father, telling him about the gods and demons of the world.
One large eye.
Flying without wings.
Brown markings.
Tricking children so that it could eat their feet.
Hek-to, the Demon Coconut.
*
“Hek-to!” Sharkbait screamed, leaping backwards and raising his bow. Nocking an arrow, he let it fly straight and true.
“You will not eat my toes!” he shouted, as the arrow impacted the demon. It shattered against the dirty demon’s skin, harmless against the toe-chewing apparition before him.
“Bow and arrow, primitive weapon, threat level minimal,” Hek-to said in a calm voice.
With his arrows ineffective, Sharkbait reached behind his back and brought out the Skyfire spear.
If this had no effect, he would have no choice but to run.
Or name another child who he knew had caused mischief recently. But no, he would not send this demon after his people. Even if it took every last toe.
“Spear, primitive weapon, threat- error, unknown composition detected, threat level maximum. Engaging defensive protocols!”
Hek-to immediately shot backwards, its green eye turning red.
“Deploying sonic amplifier!” it said, with words that Sharkbait did not fully understand.
A heartbeat later a cacophony of noise enveloped Sharkbait. He heard the crash of thunder, the cries of birds and the snarling of something that sounded dangerous, all much louder than he was used to. He was forced to drop the spear and cover his ears, otherwise he feared that his head would be torn in two.
“Threat level lowered. Engaging diplomatic protocols. Please, Sharkbait, I do not wish to hurt you.”
Sharkbait slowly removed his hands from ears, ready to clamp them shut again at a moments notice.
“What do you want from me, demon?” Sharkbait spat, more angry at himself than Hek-to. He had been foolish to believe that he would find a stranger willing to speak with him so readily, especially a stranger who knew the words of the island.
“I- I need your help…” the demon answered, sounding unsure of itself.
*
Sharkbait stared at the demon.
The demon stared at Sharkbait.
“A demon… needs my help?” he asked with an incredulous tone.
Hek-to bobbed up and down, imitating a nod, before answering, “Yes, I am trapped here, and I need your help in order to become free.”
“So that you can attack my people?”
“No!” Hek-to exclaimed, causing Sharkbait to flinch, “So that I can find mine!”
Sharkbait weighed his options and found that they were depressingly few in number. He could trust the Demon coconut and possibly learn more about where the people went, or he could flee and continue looking on his own.
It wasn’t even a decision, in the end.
“Very well, Hek-to, what do you need me to do?” he asked, making a deal with a demon.
If anyone found out about this, he would be banished from the island for the rest of his life.
But it was worth the risk.
“Hek-to?” the demon asked, “I have no knowledge of this.”
“It is your name, is it not?”
“Hmmm… Hek-to… Hekto… Hector… it will suffice. Now, follow me, we don’t have much time…”
And so Sharkbait the man and ‘Hector’ the demon left the grand hut and the stranger-in-white.
After that, the world would never be the same…
Chapter Seven: In Search of the Sun

‘Hector’ led Sharkbait away from the Stranger-in-white. It was a strange experience, following a demon amongst the ruins of a vanished people.
Sharkbait should have been terrified. And yet, to his surprise, he was eagerly anticipating whatever came next. Hector could be luring him into a trap or taking him to his lair, and yet Sharkbait did not feel endangered. If anything, he felt an unusual fragility to the demon before him.
“How much further, demon?”
“Please, call me… Hector.”
“How much further… Hector.”
“Not too far now. My charging cradle is just up ahead, although I am running low on power. I was not expecting to encounter a living human today, after all.”
More words that made no sense to Sharkbait. But if the demon could learn his language, he could learn a few new words.
“Hector, how do you know the words of my people?”
Hector turned in mid-air to face Sharkbait, and yet his body did not stop moving away.
“I know all the words that have ever been spoken. Although I must admit that the language of your people has very little documentation, so I was forced to use the Andamanese languages as a base and then use context to fill in the gaps.”
“I don’t understand,” Sharkbait replied, speaking truthfully.
“Ah, let me explain,” said Hector, as he bobbed up and down and weaved his way effortlessly through the air, “Your people are known to us as the Sentinelese. For generations they have resisted contact with the outside world and thus the information I have about them is limited. However, there are nearby islands that host people with a shared ancestry whom we have studied extensively. I was able to use their language to understand yours.”
“I understand,” Sharkbait said, and to his surprise he meant it.
After a few more minutes of silence he gathered the courage to ask a question that he had never been able to solve on his own.
“Why did the strangers stop visiting my island?”
Hector replied after a moment, saying, “Searching… Searching…. The last recorded visit to the North Sentinel Island was in 2047 by Anthropologist Dr Singh Sahar who attempted to land and communicate with the inhabitants. However, he was chased away by a large gathering of men wielding spears and shooting arrows at his boat. This was the thirteenth attempt to make contact and in the aftermath the Bengali Alliance declared your island was to be left alone forever.”
Hector paused for a short while before adding, “To be honest, Sharkbait, it is not that the ‘strangers’ stopped visiting so much that your people didn’t want any visitors… It just took the world a while to get the message…”
Sharkbait let out a loud sigh. It made sense.
Anak-so-tohru, the unspoken rule, which divided the world into two parts. The people of the island… and everyone else.
*
“Warning, battery… level… critical,” said Hector.
They had been walking for a few hours and the sun was touching the horizon. Shadows streaked across the ruined land, drenching the way ahead in darkness.
“I don’t understand your words, dem- …Hector,” Sharkbait replied.
“I… am… running low… on energy…” Hector replied, drooping lower to the cracked ground.
“Is that dangerous?”
“Very… If I… do not… recharge… I will… die… forever…”
Sharkbait picked up his pace. He had finally found someone… something that could grant him the answers he sought. He would not let Hector die.
“How can I help?”
“Carry…me…”
A moment later Hector dropped towards the earth, like a bird hit by a rock. Sharkbait, however, was fast enough to catch the small shell. It weighed more than he expected, and for the first time he noticed the metallic sheen hidden beneath a thick layer of dirt and grime.
“Need… to get to… my cradle…” Hector croaked, voice fading quickly.
“Where is it?” Sharkbait asked, moving from a trot to a run.
“Ahead… look for… the symbol… on my… casing…”
It took Sharkbait a moment to wipe off enough dirt to see the small, faded symbol on Hector’s back. It looked like a creatures face with two tusks protruding straight down.
“Pi-raśu… deployment… Centre… nineteen…” whispered Hector, with a death-tone that made Sharkbait’s skin crawl.
Sharkbait started to scan the exterior of every structure he could see. There were several symbols covering the huts, but none of them looked like the one he was meant to find.
And the light was quickly fading.
“Which way?!?” Sharkbait yelled, as he rounded another corner.
“Go… towards… the… sun…” Hector stammered.
So Sharkbait took off running towards the fading light. The path ahead was littered with debris and it seemed as though some kind of battle had taken place there long ago.
But Sharkbait did not care who had fought who and who had won.
He only cared about the symbol.
Straining his eyes in the encroaching gloom, he tried to find the symbol.
There were a few that looked similar and he found himself wasting time on double-checking. But no, the lines were wrong, or the colour, or the shape.
“Need… cradle… one… percent… last… chance…” Hector mumbled.
And then a beam of light emerged from his yellow eye, shining towards a small hut half-hidden in the twilight.
“There… shutting… down…”
A moment later Hector’s eye lost its glow and the demon fell silent.
Sharkbait wasted no time in sprinting towards the indicated hut.
There, showing clearly on a piece of cloth, was the symbol.
He had made it.
Now he just needed to figure out how to save a demon…
*
Sharkbait burst through the door and found a very different kind of hut. Everything before him was made of glass and polished metal. Compared to the dead Chara-na-la outside, this place seemed… alive. Coloured lights blinked on and off along the walls and what looked like braided ropes ran underfoot.
But nothing that looked like a ‘cradle’.
So Sharkbait headed deeper inside, noting how the air had grown colder ever since stepping inside.
He breathed out and saw his inner-wind form a small cloud which quickly disappeared.
Looking down at the demon in his arms, he wondered if the stories were true. Demons came from the deep, dark places of the world. They slept underground and would try and trick young children into leaving the safety of the village by any means necessary.
And once a demon took you to its lair, it took something from you.
The Arak-so took your left ear and right eye.
The Loko-ra took both thumbs.
And the Hek-to took both feet.
Sharkbait could live without an ear, an eye or even his thumbs. But he could not live without his feet.
And yet here he was, venturing deeper into a demon’s lair, in search of a cradle.
He let out a short, barking laugh at his foolishness. But he did not stop walking forward.
He couldn’t.
*
After a few minutes Sharkbait emerged into a large, white room. A raised, central area lay ahead with several objects covered in blinking lights. All of them except for one were red.
Hector’s eye had been green when they had first met, so green it would be again.
Approaching the cradle, Sharkbait paused.
Hector had not told him what to do next. So instead Sharkbait thought about what he would do if he was feeling tired.
He would rest in his hut and eat something to regain his strength.
But did the demon even have a mouth?
Taking great care, he turned Hector over in his hands, searching for a mouth of some kind. There, on the underside of his body, was a hole the size of Sharkbait’s palm.
And, when Sharkbait glanced inside the white, metallic cradle, he found a matching sized tube. Slowly he lowered the demon into the cradle, ensuring that tube and opening were aligned properly. He heard a sharp click once Hector was inside, and for a brief, panic-filled moment he wondered if had somehow injured the demon.
But no, Hector appeared to be intact.
A moment later, his eye turned blue, and he spoke one glorious word.
“Charging.”
*
“Demon?”
No reply.
“Hector?”
No response.
So Sharkbait laid a hand upon the dirty demon’s skin and felt for a pulse. If such a thing were even present.
Strangely enough, he could feel a dull murmur, like the sounds of a sleeping pig, coming from deep within the demon.
“Twelve hours until fully charged,” Hector suddenly stated, but his voice lacked any emotion or conviction, “Current operational capacity… twenty-two percent. Shell integrity… major wear and tear present. Repair and re-calibration necessary. Error, repair materials depleted.” 
Sharkbait recalled when he had once gone to relieve himself at night and had come across Beso-ma, an elder, wandering about in the darkness. He had been asleep but his words still left his lips, although their meaning had been confusing.
Perhaps a similar thing was happening with Hector?
So, leaving the demon to speak nonsense, Sharkbait found a place a few steps away and sat down.
He had not eaten in hours and his eyes were growing heavy, but he told himself that he would keep watch until the demon awoke. Even if it meant staying awake all night.
He would protect his toes.
No… matter… what…
*
Sharkbait opened his eyes.
And then he counted to ten.
He breathed a sigh of relief.
All toes were accounted for.
Only then did he raise his head and look towards the cradle.
It was empty.
The demon was gone.
“Good morning, Sharkbait,” said Hector, floating beside him.
Sharkbait swallowed a curse and replied, “Good morning… Hector.”
“I am pleased to report that I have fully recharged my batteries. Thank you, for assisting me.”
Sharkbait nodded and then asked, “What happens now?”
Hector floated into view before replying, “Do you recall what I said to you at the Victoria Memorial Hall?”
“Vik-to-ria Mem-oril Hul?” Sharkbait replied, confused.
“The building where we first met.”
Building.
Another new word.
“Yes, you said that you had been trapped here.”
“That is correct. I am not sure how long it has been… but regardless, I cannot leave this city on my own.”
“Seety?”
“Kolkata, the capital city of West Bengal, population… eleven million. No, correction, population… one.”
Sharkbait pointed at himself and asked, “One?”
“Correct.”
“Where did the rest go?”
“They were instructed to pack up their belongings and head to New Delhi. I am not sure why… my memory of that time has… degraded.”
“New Delhi,” Sharkbait repeated, savouring the new sounds, “Another seety?”
“Correct.”
“How far away?”
“Over 1500 kilometres. It would take you several weeks to walk there. Although the most direct route is unavailable for several reasons.”
Sharkbait mulled it over. New Delhi… If that was where the people had gone, then that was where he needed to go.
But he needed a guide.
“Very well. I want to go to this… New Delhi. Can you take me there, Hector?”
Hector spun slowly in mid-air, eye flashing between green and yellow.
Eventually he settled and said, “Yes… and no. The energy I receive from this cradle allows me to travel up to 20 kilometres in any direction, but this is the only cradle still operational in the area. The moment my battery runs out, I will die.”
Hector seemed to think for a moment longer before adding, “However, if I were to acquire a portable solar array, I could technically travel anywhere.”
“Where are they?”
“In a department store 19 kilometres away. Within range, but if I can’t find one I’ll have no chance of returning here in time.”
Sharkbait pretended to think but in reality he had already made up his mind. Though it probably wouldn’t do any good to let a demon know that.
“I see. So if I retrieve this thing for you, you will show me the way to New Delhi?”
“Correct.”
Sharkbait stood. Placing a hand on Hector, he said, “Then let it be done.”
Chapter Eight: The World That Was

Sharkbait and Hector left the Pi-raśu Deployment Centre Nineteen a short while later. Already, Sharkbait’s head was full of new words and concepts.
“Building?” he said, pointing to a metal structure with his spear.
“Correct. The Axis Mall to be precise. Construction started in April 2010.”
“What is a… mall.?”
“A collection of stores in a shared building.”
“Store?”
“A shop for the buying and selling of goods and services.”
“Ah, a barterhut,” Sharkbait said, smiling.
“… correct…”
Leaving the ‘Mall’, the two continued walking towards their goal. As they walked Sharkbait asked a thousand questions.
To his delight, Hector answered every last one.
“Skyscraper… because it scrapes the sky. I see…”
“Correct.”
And then Hector surprised Sharkbait by asking a question of his own. He had assumed that there was nothing the demon didn’t know.
“If you don’t mind me asking… where did you get your spear?”
Sharkbait stopped in his tracks.
“My spear? It was created by the elders of the island. Why?”
Hector floated closer in response.
“When we first met I scanned it and found some abnormalities. Would you mind if I took a closer look?”
Sharkbait held out the Skyfire spear in lieu of a reply.
“Thank you,” Hector said, as his glowing green eye turned purple, “Scanning… scanning… scan complete. Material analysis shows that the spear is made from an aluminium-titanium superalloy. The exact chemical composition has been used extensively in space-station construction. The atomic signature matches that of the Second International Space Station which launched in 2036 and was destroyed in 2060.”
That had been a lot of new words, so Sharkbait had Hector repeat each one and explain their meanings.
Eventually he looked up to the sky and said, with a tone of wonder, “My spear came from space?”
“Correct. While most pieces of the space station were located after the Last War, there were several sizeable chunks left unaccounted for. It seems that one of them landed on your island.”
Another mystery solved. Sharkbait felt his pulse quicken with excitement. How many more mysteries would be unravelled just by traveling through the land of the strangers?
“This… space station… how was it destroyed?”
“It was one of several casualties in the Last War.”
Sharkbait lifted a single eyebrow. Hector picked up on this and followed with, “The Last War was a generation defining conflict between the Bengali Alliance and the Democratic Republic of China. It lasted for fifteen years between 2059 and 2074. It was caused by the discovery of a secret platinum mine under the Himalayas operated by the Bengali Alliance. Its discovery led to a brutal revolt in Tibet after it was uncovered that they were working with the Alliance in order to regain their independence using weapons bought with the sold platinum. This caused a chain of events which ended in war between the two superpowers.”
More words that Sharkbait did not understand, although he did pick up on a few facts.
“They killed each other over resources? Over metal?”
“Correct.”
Sharkbait recalled when Kala-ka had stolen two coconuts from Nama-sa because she had failed to catch anything in her traps. Instead of fighting Nama-sa had given Kala-ka one coconut and helped her improve her traps.
“I do not understand…”
“Ah, which word confused you?”
“No words. The people. I don’t understand them…”
Hector said nothing for a while. Eventually he sighed and replied, “Neither do I…”
*
As they made their way across the ruins of Kolkata, Sharkbait took a moment to study his strange companion. While Hector’s appearance was certainly unusual, it was his movements that most perplexed Sharkbait. Instead of moving in a straight line towards their target, Hector zig-zagged as he floated over the broken ground, stopping frequently to look at some relic or another.
After the twentieth such detour in the span of an hour, Sharkbait could no longer contain his curiosity.
“Hector, why do you move the way you do?” he asked, as they passed an overgrown area which Sharkbait now knew was called a ‘park’.
“What do you mean?” replied the creature.
“You move from one side of the path to the other, and never head straightforward. Are you unable to go straight?”
In response Hector stopped in its tracks and slowly pivoted to face the islander.
“Do I? I hadn’t noticed?”
“You do. Often.”
“Hmmm. It might be a remnant of my original programming. Over the years my systems have decayed extensively but it seems that some routines are hard-coded into my being.”
“I see,” Sharkbait lied, “Is there anything else that you do without thinking?”
Hector paused for a moment before replying, “Yes… I suppose there is. Observe.”
The next moment Hector flew close to Sharkbait and started orbiting him, starting high and ending just a few inches from the ground. As he did so his eye whirred and buzzed, and it changed colour from green to blue to white. A minute later Hector returned to his original position and said, “Scan complete. Sharkbait of North Sentinel Island. Constructing spatial representation… Projecting spatial representation!”
And then something miraculous occurred.
Where once there had been one Sharkbait, now stood two. One was made of flesh and bone, the other seemed to have formed from blue light that shone from Hector’s eye. The second Sharkbait did not speak or even blink, even as the original poked and prodded his replica.
“How… how did you do this?”
“Simple, I constructed a 3D hologram from your full body scan. It is one of my many functions, but it has been buried deep in my coding. I believe that it has something to do with my purpose.”
“Your purpose?”
“Correct. Everything humanity ever made was made for a reason. So it should be with me. And yet… the reason for my existence eludes me. It is possible that I once knew, but I have forgotten over time.”
Sharkbait, in spite of himself, felt pity for the demon before him. He had also spent much of his life without purpose or direction, and only his unlimited curiosity propelling him forward.
“I am sorry to hear that, Hector. Perhaps once we find the strangers they might be able to tell you your purpose?”
At this Hector immediately perked up, saying, “That is… correct! If anyone would know, it would be the humans who built me!”
“So our course is set. After we recover this ‘portable charger’, we travel to New Delhi!”
*
A few hours later the duo reached an impressive structure. A massive building, larger than any of the others Sharkbait had seen so far, now stood before them.
“This is The Market, a department store built in 2029. It was designed to be eco-friendly and was used to showcase the latest and greatest inventions and products created by humanity.”
“I see. And the thing we are looking for is inside?”
“Correct. This is the last known location of the Solaris Travel Mat. If we are lucky, we will find a working model inside.”
“And if we are not?”
Hector, however, had no answer.
Instead he led Sharkbait towards the glass covered structure. In the strangers absence it had fallen into disrepair, with much of the glass broken or missing. Inside, trees and plants dominated, and Sharkbait saw a flock of brightly coloured birds take flight as they approached.
It was a place of peace and beauty… and yet, Sharkbait felt strangely agitated. It reminded him of his first hunt with his father, many years prior. Before he had grown accustomed to facing down the boars of the island, he had lived in fear of them.
And that fear had now returned.
As he walked forward, spear held tightly in one hand, he noticed something else.
There were no creatures living amongst the undergrowth.
Strange. There seemed to be plenty of food for them and the structure offered valuable shelter from the elements, so why was this place so empty?
“Hector, do you know where we can find the ‘Solaris’?”
“Unfortunately not,” replied the demon, “My records of this place are incomplete. I will need to interface with the computer system and check the old store directory.”
“Will that take long?”
“It shouldn’t.”
“Good, because this place is not safe for us.”
Hector glanced from side to side in response, green eye turning yellow.
“Scanning. Scanning. Scan complete. There are no life signs in our immediate area, however this foliage is difficult to penetrate with my limited sensor suite. I would suggest caution.”
“Understood.”
Moving onwards, Sharkbait tried his best to keep an eye on every moving leaf and creaking plant. But this place was not like the forests of his home, and danger could be lurking anywhere.
Wait, had he just seen something move?
Something… patterned?
Maybe… maybe not…
Shaking his head, he followed Hector deeper into the Market.
“We are also there. I have located a terminal up ahead which should have a store directory.”
“It still lives? When the seetys are dead?”
“Correct. The Market is powered by a solar array on the roof. Most of the panels have been damaged over time but it seems that at least one of them survived.”
“Are they the same as this… Solaris?”
“Similar, but unfortunately not nearly as portable. The Solaris Travel Mat was one of the last products developed before the Last War. It uses flexible solar cells that boast an unprecedented ninety-five percent conversion efficiency.”
“I don’t understand.”
“It uses sunlight to create energy that I can then absorb.”
Sharkbait thought about this for a moment. In his youth he had experimented with two saplings, one he had kept concealed under a woven basket, the other he had left uncovered. Only the sapling receiving light and rainfall had risen straight and true.
Thus, to his eyes, taking energy from the sun was not something unimaginable. And yet… the strangers had managed to take that energy for themselves.
If he too could learn to harvest it… what miracles could he produce?
*
“Interfacing… interfacing… interface complete. I have successfully located the nearest store which has Solaris stock. It is on the third floor in a shop known as Safar Electrical. I have plotted a course, if you would follow me?”
But Sharkbait did not answer. He had been watching as Hector did… something… to a tall slab of glowing glass but a sound had stolen his attention. He was sure now. There was something stalking them.
Without looking at Hector, he casually unslung his bow and notched an arrow. He was far from the best shot in the village as that honour belonged to Kerl-ra, however he could still hit what he was aiming at three times out of five.
“Hector, are there any dangerous animals in this land?”
Hector, without disengaging from his task, answered, “Yes, plenty. Without humanity keeping their numbers in check there are several predators which have experienced massive population booms in the area. Although many of them still avoid the city, perhaps having some genetic memories of how dangerous humans can be.
“I see. Tell me, are there any that have lots of fur.”
“Yes, several.”
“And large fangs?”
“Hmmm, that narrows it down a bit.”
“With a pattern of black stripes on their bodies?”
“Only two of those as far as I’m aware.”
“And with a long tail?”
“Ah, well that would only describe P. T. Tigris, better known as the Bengal Tiger.”
It was only then that Hector had the sense to ask, “Why?”
Sharkbait, hands trembling and sweat clouding his brow, answered, “Because I’m looking right at one…”
Chapter Nine: Hunted

Sharkbait had fought wild boars.
He had hunted sharks.
He had sailed into a storm on an untested canoe.
And yet none of those things had caused him to feel fear.
But that had just changed.
Now, he felt fear.
Now… he was facing an apex predator. A tiger who was watching him with a mixture of curiosity and calculation.
Was he something to flee from? Or feast upon?
He could see the beast’s mind working, trying to decide if he was worth the effort.
It took a step forward, barely making a sound. Its paws looked soft and yet there was a certain weight behind them that told Sharkbait that they were just another tool in the creature’s deadly arsenal.
“Interesting. It appears that this male has made the Market its territory,” Hector said, with a matter-of-fact tone.
Something told Sharkbait that whatever Hector was made from was not edible to the beast.
He, however, was basically a walking meal.
“Hector, can you scare it away?” he whispered out of the corner of his mouth.
“Possibly. My energy levels are currently at fifteen percent. Using the sonic amplifier will use up roughly five percent. If we are unable to secure the Solaris mat soon after that we will have failed and I will power down.”
Sharkbait weighed his options.
One, run.
Two, fight.
The tiger looked quick on its feet, meaning that if he tried to run he would only be exposing his back to a powerful enemy.
That left only option one.
“Do it!” he shouted, dodging out of the way.
A moment later Hector unleashed a blast of sound against the beast. Simultaneously Sharkbait loosed an arrow, aiming for its flank.
Confronted with both an unholy cacophony and a flying projectile the tiger could not help but be overwhelmed.
Sharkbait saw it take a single step forwards, still apparently weighing its odds, before the beast turned and fled.
“Energy levels at ten percent. Threat diminished but still present. I suggest we acquire the Solaris Travel Mat as quickly as possible and then leave this place.”
“Agreed,” Sharkbait said, staring at the place the tiger had stood. It had been turned away, but Hector had said that this was its land.
Anak-so-tohru.
The beast would return to reclaim its own.
Such was the unspoken law.
And it had never been broken…
*
Sharkbait had spent most of his youth climbing trees so as to get the best view of the horizon. His arms and legs were powerful, and his body moved swiftly from handhold to handhold.
But this was no tree.
It was a vertical wall with a few cracks across its stone surface.
“This is the fastest way?” he asked his floating companion who enviably did not have to worry about climbing the crumbling wall.
“Correct. There are other routes but they are either blocked off by debris or would take too long. Going straight up is our best option here.”
“That is easy for you to say…” Sharkbait replied with clenched teeth.
Hector, predictably, did not reply. Instead he flew higher and scouted out the path ahead.
“I have good news and bad,” he stated after returning.
“Yes?”
“The good news is that the tiger is not visible ahead.”
“And the bad?”
“There is a large amount of foliage along the route… so it could still be there… hiding…”
Sharkbait recalled the beast’s enormous fangs. If the beast was truly hidden then they would be his final sight before a gruesome death.
“Is there a way we can check?”
“I could use my thermal camera, but it would consume more energy.”
“I see…”
Sharkbait spent the rest of the climb thinking about the problem at hand. The tiger, from his understanding, preferred to ambush its prey, just like Sharkbait. In an ambush, the first one to move usually struck the killing blow…
But not always…
Reaching the top of the wall, he hoisted his body over the lip, eyes scanning the way ahead as he did so. They had arrived on an upper path lined with wild plants and several ‘stores’ with broken glass windows.
However, while he was scanning the path, Sharkbait saw something else.
Something he had been searching for.
A stranger.
*
It looked like a woman from behind, although he could not make out any other details. She had one arm raised to the ceiling and the other pointed towards the floor.
Why?
He was about to call out to her when the image of the tiger flashed across his mind.
If he alerted her there was a chance the beast could be drawn to the sound.
“Hector, could you fly over there and see if that stranger is alright?” he whispered, pointing at the woman.
Hector, in response, took a brief look at the woman before replying, “That is not necessary. She is not alive.”
Sharkbait looked back at the woman. She was still standing upright with one arm raised.
She looked alive to him.
Shaking his head, he took a step towards her.
And then he saw the tiger.
*
It was mostly hidden by the dense foliage but Sharkbait had spent his life looking for things that were hard to find. It was staring at the woman who seemed oblivious to its presence. Slowly, Sharkbait crept forward, spear at the ready.
If he could get close enough he might be able to help her.
His reward, naturally, would be the knowledge of the strangers. He would accept nothing less.
He was only a few feet away now. And yet he was still just out of reach.
Closer.
Closer still.
The woman had not moved once.
Why?
Had she become frozen in her fear?
Was it some stranger custom to remain rooted in one spot for several minutes?
There was so much he didn’t know… but not for long.
He was almost there. The tiger was still fixated on the woman, eyes glued to her undefended flesh.
He could do this.
He could save her.
He could-
No.
He couldn’t.
Moving faster than the time between two heartbeats, the tiger struck.
The woman did not even have time to let out a final scream. In an instance the tiger’s powerful fangs were digging into her neck, sending torrents of-
Wait.
Where was the blood?
Surely strangers, despite their mysteries, still had blood flowing through their veins.
Something was wrong.
It was then that Sharkbait recalled Hector’s words.
‘She is not alive.’
And as he watched the tiger attempt to kill her, he realized.
She never had been.
*
Sharkbait finally let out a breath. He had slowly made his way around the puzzled tiger, keeping to the dense undergrowth of the abandoned Market.
“Hector, what was she?”
Hector floated beside him, eye turning from green to yellow, a symbol of his fading strength.
“A mannequin. A human made of plastic used to display clothes for sale.”
“So she wasn’t real.”
“No. But it would seem that this tiger has never encountered a living human either. It did not recognize you as prey at first, if you recall.”
Sharkbait thought about this. There was a clue there, hidden in Hector’s words. A clue which could reveal a way to survive this.
He continued thinking as they walked onwards, led by a silent Hector.
They were close now.
*
“We have arrived at Safar Electrical,” Hector announced.
They had arrived. But it was not a joyous occasion.
The tiger lay directly in their way. And there was no way to sneak past.
“Judging from the animal remains in the area I would surmise that we have located its den.”
Sharkbait said nothing. He knew from experience that commenting on bad luck only made things worse.
Instead, he put his brain to work. He thought about everything he had seen, he thought about the tiger’s behaviour, and he thought about the tools he had at his disposal.
One bow.
Fifteen arrows.
One Skyfire spear.
Not much to work with. If he went with the bow and missed his shot he would not have time to loose a second arrow.
If he went with his spear he would have to contend with the tiger’s claws and fangs.
What else did he have? A few stranger trinkets… nothing that would help him here.
What else?
And then he caught sight of Hector floating beside him.
Ah…
One demon.
Now that he could use…
*
The tiger was confused, angry and hungry.
A terrible combination.
It had already devoured all of the prey in the area and now its stomach was starting to pain. And then, lo and behold, a strange creature had appeared. It stood upright and acted unpredictably, shouting and throwing things without warning.
But something in its genes was telling it that this creature could be both prey and predator.
The tiger, however, was only one of those. It had successfully fought off every challenger to its territory. It had never lost.
So why would things change?
It was resting in its den after another failed hunt. The last creature had looked similar to the first, but its skin had been tough and its flesh inedible.
“Don’t worry, this will work!” cried a voice.
The creature had stumbled into its den.
Perfect…
*
The tiger kept low to the tiled ground, eyes staring straight ahead. The upright creature was just a few feet away. Its bare back looked undefended and very edible.
The tiger took one cushioned step and then another. It was within striking range of the foolish creature.
And yet… for a moment, it hesitated.
This felt… wrong.
But its rumbling stomach urged it forward. Hesitation meant death.
And it would not die this day.
So the tiger tensed its muscles and then leapt through the air, powerful jaw aiming at the creatures naked neck.
A heartbeat later its teeth sunk into the creature.
Victory!
*
No.
The tiger, still moving through the air, was puzzled. It had aimed true. It had bit down into the creature’s neck.
And found only air.
“Hologram projection terminated, power levels at five percent,” said a voice.
It twisted in the air, time moving slowly.
There, hiding in the shadows, was the creature. It was holding something long and sharp which it had driven forward, towards the tiger’s chest.
The tiger could not move. It could not dodge the killing blow.
The weapon tore into its chest, dealing a fatal blow. The force of it altered the tiger’s trajectory, sending it hurtling towards the ground. It impacted the tiles with a heavy thud. Blood poured out from the mortal wound.
There was no hope of survival.
A few seconds later it breathed its last breaths, still trying to figure out what had happened.
It was done.

Chapter Ten: Thanksgiving

Sharkbait waited for his heart to stop pounding in his chest. While he did so he watched the tiger for any signs of life.
He knew of the dangers of assuming things were over. Nine storm cycles ago the village had lost Thres-ha to an injured boar. The man had assumed that the beast was dead and had approached it carelessly, allowing it to open an artery with its dying charge. The man had bled out in moments, leaving behind two small children.
After a long time, he finally breathed a sigh of relief and pulled out the Skyfire spear.
“That was… quite clever, using your… own hologram… to fool the tiger,” Hector commented, as he floated closer. He was just barely able to keep himself off the floor.
They were running out of time.
“Thank you. Now, let us find you some energy.”
However, before they left Sharkbait stopped for a moment and dropped to one knee. Placing a hand on the tiger’s corpse he said, “Thank you, for your gift of flesh and meat. It will not be wasted…”
“You… plan… to eat… it?” Hector asked, as he wobbled from side to side.
“Yes. It would be an offense to leave any meat uneaten. We must use what we have and what we are given.”
“Interesting…” Hector commented.
Instead of skinning the beast, however, Sharkbait left the tiger where it lay. This was no time for food. Standing, he gently reached out and took Hector into his arms.
The demon said nothing.
Turning, he headed towards the tiger’s den.
“Is this the place?” he asked, gesturing towards the entryway.
Hector nodded meekly.
The room within was in total disarray, with items of indeterminate use strewn across the cracked floor. Plants grew from every exposed surface, covering the abandoned wares.
“How will we find the Solaris Mat in all of this?” Sharkbait asked his quiet companion.
“Bright… yellow…packaging… sun… symbol… on top…” Hector meekly responded.
Sharkbait gave the room another look. Plenty of grey, green and brown, but no yellow. Sighing, he got to work, pulling at the tangled vines and shifting the broken merchandise. It was laborious work on an empty stomach, but life on the island had taught him to be tough.
*
“Is this it?” Sharkbait asked, holding the rectangular box.
“No…” murmured Hector.
Another failure.
Sharkbait had piled every box and device with even a hint of yellow onto the cracked tile floor next to Hector. One by one he had brought each box up to the demon’s dimming eye for approval and one by one they had been dismissed.
Looking around, Sharkbait strained his eyes to find what had been missed.
“This thing we are looking for, was it celebrated or revered by the people here?”
“It was… the best… selling product… for its category… and had… four and a half… stars…”
The words made no sense to him, but he understood what Hector was trying to say. The Solaris Mat had been venerated by the inhabitants of ‘Kolkata’. So they would have placed it in a shrine or altar, just as carved conch shells would be treated as sacred items on the island. Each shell would be engraved with the history of a single family, with marks representing generations of islanders and recording their accomplishments and misdeeds. The shells sat on an altar made from wood and vine and would reside in the homes of the villagers, a reminder of what had come before.
“Hector, are there any altars or shrines in this place?”
Hector did not reply for a few seconds. For a moment Sharkbait wondered if the demon was merely thinking or if it had already run out of power. If that had indeed come to pass, Sharkbait was not sure what he would do next. They had taken a long and winding route to reach the mall, and Sharkbait was unsure if he would be able to find the place of power which could heal Hector.
He would be alone again… which had previously meant little to him, but even on the island, he had never been more than a few steps away from a friend.
But here, in this strange land, he would be truly alone.
No.
He would not let that happen.
“Hector?” he asked, dropping to the demon’s level.
“Computing… match found… for… altar… fourteen… paces… that… way…” he mumbled, before turning to face the dimly lit back of the store.
“Understood,” Sharkbait replied, as he stood and carefully made his way over. A wall of some kind lay before him, stacked with brown boxes. But Hector had indicated that an altar lay ahead, so Sharkbait pressed forward. As he came closer, he saw that there was a small opening to one side, mostly obscured by fallen boxes. Reaching out, he quickly moved the worthless boxes out of the way and gradually widened the opening. Ducking into the small passage, he emerged into a space behind the ‘wall’, which he now saw was no wall at all. Turning his head, he started looking for a hint of yellow.
And found a sea of it instead.
*
A hundred suns shined down upon Sharkbait. The yellow-hues boxes had been stacked high in several rows, centered upon a large sun symbol drawn upon the back wall.
Sharkbait knew an altar when he saw one.
But there was no time for prayer or reverence. Instead he grabbed the nearest sun-adorned box and quickly returned to his dying companion.
*
“Inside…” Hector whispered. He did not have long.
So Sharkbait ripped the box apart and found himself holding a rolled up tube made of what looked like black leather.
“Unroll… in… the sun… plug… universal… cord…”
Sharkbait did not have time to ask for better instructions, and from the look of it Hector did not have time to give them. Grabbing both the tube and the demon, he dashed away as fast as his legs would carry him. Luckily, in comparison to finding the fake suns, the real thing was much easier to locate. Only a few seconds later he came to a skidding stop beneath a large hole in the mall’s ceiling. Here, the glass covering had been shattered in some unknown manner, letting in the light for all to enjoy.
Sharkbait laid Hector down on the warmed tiles and unfurled the tube of black leather. It was roughly the width and length of his chest and was attached to a thin cord that terminated in a small oblong piece of metal. It did not take long for him to find a matching slot on the demon and, after wordlessly asking the gods for one more favour, brought the two together.
*
Nothing happened.
No, that wasn’t accurate.
Something did happen.
The light faded from Hector’s eye.
The demon was dead.
And the crushing loneliness consumed Sharkbait an instant later.
He had failed.
*
“Solaris Mat registered as approved charging device. Power level… one percent and climbing…”
The voice was still meek, but the fact that it existed at all made Sharkbait let out a powerful yell.
“HECTOR!” he cried, directing his joy towards the sun above.
“Thank you, Sharkbait, for helping me,” Hector replied, voice growing in strength and clarity, “In return, as promised, I will help you reach New Delhi.”
Sharkbait nodded. He was getting closer to finding out what had happened to the strangers…
“However, the journey to New Delhi will be difficult. We should use this time to acquire suitable provisions,” said Hector.
“Agreed,” replied Sharkbait, “And I luckily have some already waiting for us…”
*
Sharkbait took his time butchering the tiger, examining it as he did so. It was mostly muscle and fur, but there was some good meat to be found.
Once Hector had fully recovered he led Sharkbait to a store which had once sold camping supplies. Working together they were able to obtain several useful items, including a flask with a built-in water purifier, a lightweight bivouac and a large traveling rucksack. Sharkbait placed the wrapped and sealed meat into one of the compartments and double checked everything before leaving the store. He added the Solaris Mat and made his way to the mall’s entrance.
“Are you ready?” asked Hector.
Sharkbait thought that he knew the answer to Hector’s question.
It should have been a confident ‘yes!’
And yet… he hesitated.
When he had left the island he had expected to find strange things and strange people.
But nothing like what he had encountered thus far. Floating demons, towers that scrapped the skies and fiercesome beasts… and he had only just begun his journey!
Perhaps… it would be better if he gave up on his dreams and quietly returned home. He could earn Rek-sha’s love and lead a peaceful life…
But he knew that he would always wonder. He would always question his decision to return empty-handed.
He would always ponder what had become of the strangers.
So no, he would not go back.
Not until he had his answers.
Instead of voicing this, however, he simply nodded and said, “No, but that will not stop me. Lead onwards, demon, to New Delhi!”

Chapter Eleven: Strangers and Savages

Two days after leaving Kolkata, Sharkbait came to a realization.
The world was too big.
He could walk across the island in a few hours.
But he had been walking for almost two days and he had yet to see the ocean.
When he asked Hector about this, he had replied that the Indian Subcontinent had an area of 2.6 million square kilometres.
The island he had spent most of his life… just under 60 square kilometres.
He didn’t understand the units or the metrics involved, but somehow the meaning was apparent.
Either his world was too small, or the strangers world was too big.
“How many people lived in this place?” he asked, gesturing to the small town they had just entered.
At first he had taken the time to check if anyone was present, however, after the third attempt and subsequent failure he had given up. If Hector said that the strangers had fled to ‘New Delhi’, then that is where he would look for them.
“Baidyanathpur had a population of twenty-six thousand people before it was abandoned,” Hector smoothly replied.
Twenty-six thousand.
The island held one thousand people, although that number fluctuated due to storms and food shortages.
A single town had more than twenty-six times as many people as his whole island…
Yes, the strangers world was too big indeed…
*
A few hours later they arrived at a field that stretched to the horizon. At first Sharkbait thought that it was natural, but the lines were too ordered and the ground too clear for nature have been responsible.
“What was this place?” he asked.
“A farm,” Hector replied, without slowing down.
“Explain, please,” Sharkbait responded. Slowly but surely his vocabulary was growing, and yet every day he still heard new words for the first time.
Like ‘farm’.
“Farm, noun. A tract of land on which crops and often livestock are raised for livelihood.”
Sharkbait had to ask Hector to explain a few more words before he properly understood what he was looking at: a way to eradicate hunger on the island forever.
No more risking lives hunting boars. No more rationing food during shortages. No more children dying with bloated bellies.
“How many people could a farm this size feed?”
“With a good harvest? Perhaps fifty-thousand people.”
Plenty for a single island.
“Do you know how to make it work?” Sharkbait asked.
“Yes, I have a working knowledge of all Indian industries.”
“Could you teach me?”
*
For the next 3 hours Hector explained everything he knew about farming. It left Sharkbait feeling dizzy and excited at the same time. But he couldn’t spend all of his time at the farm, so for now he would take only a single thing with him.
A packet of seeds.
It wasn’t much, but if he could create a farm on the island, his people would never have to fear hunger ever again. And if that was the only thing he gained from this journey then it had already become a success.
However, his curiosity was not so easily sated, so they pushed onwards, leaving the farm behind.
*
A few hours later, Sharkbait found himself resting beneath a large tree. Hector had asked him to set out the Solaris Mat nearby and was patiently recharging his batteries. He could only travel twenty kilometres at a time before needing a recharge, so they had established something of a daily routine. Hector would ‘power down’ during the night to conserve his battery before waking up around sunrise. The duo would then travel for a few hours before stopping around noon in order for Hector to recharge and Sharkbait to eat and rest. Another period of walking lasted until just before sunset, whereupon Hector would charge his battery in preparation for the next day.
While walking, Sharkbait would ask hundreds of questions about the strangers, the land around them and anything else that popped into his head.
And Hector would answer every single one. Never growing bored or tired of Sharkbait’s curiosity, unlike the elders of the island.
Occasionally, however, Hector would answer, “Error, information not found.” When questioned about it Hector had replied that he had extensive knowledge about the Indian subcontinent, including its history and surrounding areas. However, everything else was unknown.
Therefore it was necessary to find the strangers and have them fill in the gaps.
It was then that a thought popped into his head. He had spent so long thinking about the strangers, but he had never considered the opposite viewpoint.
So he rose from his reclined position and asked his fellow traveller, “Hector, what did the strangers think of my people?”
It didn’t take Hector long to answer.
“The general consensus was that the people living on North Sentinel Island were savages.”
“Explain savages,” he replied, and yet somehow he already knew that it was not a compliment.
“Savage, adjective, a preliterate people or society regarded as uncivilized or primitive.”
“Primitive?” Sharkbait asked.
“Simple,” Hector replied.
“Like a child?”
“In a manner of speaking.”
“So the strangers saw us as children? But our oldest is nearing her sixty-eighth year!”
“My apologies, I meant that they saw you as having the mental and societal age of children,” Hector responded.
“But children are rash, impulsive creatures!” Sharkbait retorted, not believing what he was hearing.
“And your people are not?”
“No!”
“Then you should tell that to the strangers,” Hector replied, using a neutral tone.
Sharkbait said nothing.
Ever since he had first found out about the strangers, his head had been filled with images of their ways and means. They were alien to him, and yet a part of him understood that in many ways they were superior. Their technology, clearly, was more advanced than the crude tools used by his people. And yet he had always thought that his people would have something to offer, if the strangers ever returned.
Now he understood the truth.
If the strangers had returned to the island, they would not come seeking the islanders’ knowledge or goods. They would come as parents who had caught their children misbehaving.
For a moment Sharkbait’s heart sank. He had wanted to understand the world beyond his horizon, but would the strangers even listen to him? And if they did, would they care about what he had to say?
*
The day wore on as all days do, but Sharkbait cared little for the moving sun. He walked the land because he had said that he would, but all the while he feared what lay at the end of his journey.
In his mind he could not help but imagine finding the strangers in New Delhi, and he pictured them laughing at him, mocking him for his simplistic ways.
No. He would not let this future come to pass.
He had to be better.
He had to know more.
He had to become… more.
More than a simple islander to be laughed at, at the very least.
“Demon, I want to know… everything. Could you teach me?”
“I do not understand your request,” Hector replied, as they travelled down the cracked road.
“Let me reword it then. I want to know more about the world and its ways.”
It was not enough to simply ask questions about what they saw on their journey, as he had done so far. If he wanted to learn more, he had to expand his horizons even further.
“Understood. I will activate my randomizer function. Current information database… nine hundred and fifty one thousand articles. Shall I begin?”
“Please,” Sharkbait replied.
“Very well. Randomizing articles… Selecting article… Beginning explanation of… The Mughal Empire…”
Sharkbait said nothing more. He simply listened, as the land unfolded before him and his horizons expanded to infinity…
*
-Shah Zafar was then deposed and the British imposed crown rule on India,” Hector finished.
It had taken him a few hours to get through the first article. Every few minutes Sharkbait would stop him and ask for an explanation of a concept or definition of a term. But at last they were done, as the sun dove towards the horizon. They decided to stop for the day and soon reached a collection of buildings that seemed to be different from the towns and villages they had passed through.
“What is this place?” Sharkbait asked, head still filled with images of dynasties and conquest. The island had never been conquered or forced to wage war, nor had there ever been anything like a king or monarch, so such topics were very strange to him.
“This was once the Skanda Military Base,” Hector replied, as he scanned the dilapidated region, “It was built during the Last War. Its primary purpose was the development and deployment of hyperballistic warheads.”
Before Sharkbait could open his mouth, Hector anticipated his question and continued, “To put it simply, they made weapons here. Weapons for killing.”
“Like my spear?”
“Yes, but much more powerful. The weapons they developed here were used to annihilate entire cities from space.”
Sharkbait felt a chill run through his spine.
“How many would it take to destroy my island?”
Hector looked at him with his large, green eye and said, “One.”
Sharkbait’s words struggled to find their way through his lips, but eventually he squeezed them out.
Once free, they formed the dreaded question.
“How many did they make?”
“At least ten-thousand, if not more.”
Sharkbait felt the strength in his legs evaporate.
They could destroy his island thousands of times over, and all he had was a sharpened piece of metal and a bow.
Deep within his heart, the respect and admiration Sharkbait had for the strangers made room for fear.
His people had been living for generations without a care in the world, while the strangers had possessed the power to wipe them out without effort.
It was a chilling thought.
“Tell me, demon, for what reason did the strangers fight one another?”
“Resources, mostly, but there were also religious and ideological differences that led to conflicts.”
“But my island has nothing that the strangers could want, correct?”
Hector spent a few moments processing this before answering, “Correct. However, there have also been conflicts borne from a desire to dominate and control lesser civilizations.”
Sharkbait closed his eyes and pictured the scene. Large spears rained down on his island, destroying the village and killing scores of men, women and children. The ones who survived were captured and enslaved.
In his heart, fear moved over to make way for disgust.
“I see…” he said, mind and heart in turmoil. Nothing made sense.
What were the strangers truly like? They crafted sprawling cities and farms to feed thousands, and yet at the same time they sowed war and death. He could not rectify the seemingly disparate attributes, no matter how hard he tried. They were still a mystery, only now they were a far more complex puzzle to solve. Shaking his head, he drove the thoughts of death from his mind.
He needed to see more and learn more, so that he could find a better verdict.
Until then… his journey continued…

Chapter Twelve: To Pierce the Sky

The sky had been weeping for the last six days, and Sharkbait was tired of walking in the rain. They had spent the last few weeks walking ‘north-west’ and for the majority of the journey things had been static.
According to Hector they had reached a place called ‘Gorakhpur’, although Sharkbait could see nothing due to the rain. The endless downpour had even affected their speed, as they had been forced to wait for precious breaks in the weather in order to charge Hector’s batteries. They had spent the time talking about random topics that Hector found for them.
And, on that day, Hector had shared something new: music.
“Play it for me again, please,” Sharkbait asked, as he lay beneath the clear covering and listened to the rain. They had taken shelter in a ‘bus stop’ and were currently waiting out the heavenly deluge.
“Very well… beginning audio playback of Ceux qui sont laissés derrière,” Hector replied.
A moment later a woman’s voice filled the air, lifting Sharkbait’s spirits.
“Nous pleurons pour ceux que nous aimons,” she sang, a mournful yet enchanting melody.
“Nous pleurons pour ceux que nous perdons,” she whispered, bringing a tear to Sharkbait’s eye. He didn’t understand the words, but they still tugged at his soul.
“Mais surtout, nous pleurons pour ceux que nous avons laissés derrière nous…” she chanted, and Sharkbait found himself humming the tune as he listened.
There had been music on the island, but nothing like this.
This music struck at his very core and dragged new, untamed emotions to the surface.
A few minutes later the woman’s voice disappeared, replaced by the rhythmic drumming of the raindrops.
Already the world seemed like a darker place.
“You like the song?” Hector asked.
“Very much so,” Sharkbait replied.
“Interesting…”
“Is it from this land as well?”
“No, it comes from the nation of France.”
“France? Another nation?”
“Correct. Although my knowledge of that land and its customs are limited to only the basics. However, that song is in my database, so apparently my creators thought it was important.”
“I see… Can you tell me more about it?”
“Thankfully, yes. Its English name is ‘Those Left Behind’ and it was first sung in 2028 by Marguerite de Chamoral, a French singer. It tells the tale of a woman and her three children during the French Revolution. According to the song the woman was an anarchist who was captured and executed, leaving her three children behind. Her oldest son took after his mother, becoming an anarchist and rebel who caused much destruction before suffering a similar fate to his mother. The middle child, her daughter, sought self-indulgence instead and ate herself into an early grave. Only her youngest son survived until adulthood and he vowed to help people in order to rectify his mother’s legacy.”
Sharkbait thought about the demon’s words. It was amazing that so much information and emotion could be contained within so few words.
Closing his eyes, he sighed and said, “One more time, if you don’t mind…”
And Hector obliged, as he always did, and moments later the woman’s voice filled their tiny space.
In those brief spans of time, as the words washed over him, Sharkbait saw something in his mind. It was distant and indistinct, but something told him that it was important.
It was the beginnings of an idea, a core belief, and with every passing moment it was growing stronger…
*
Two days later, Sharkbait knew every line of the song. He hummed it under his breath as they walked through the ruins of civilization. Gorakhpur was yet another empty ‘seety’, bereft of strangers. However, for the first time, Sharkbait was glad. He wasn’t ready to meet them just yet.
Not until the idea in his head had taken form.
So instead they made their way through the broken streets and around the crumbling buildings, not truly taking in anything.
On a whim, Sharkbait decided to enter one of the tallest buildings in the ‘seety’. He was tired of walking and especially tired of the ceaseless rain and for a chance wanted to indulge his curiosity.
“What was this place?” he asked, as they climbed the worn steps.
“It was once used as a Prilling Tower for the fertilizer factory below us,” Hector dutifully explained, “Animal waste was processed here in order to make fertilizer that would improve crop yield in farms across the country.”
“They even used animal waste in farming?” Sharkbait asked, with an incredulous tone. He would have suspected Hector of lying to him if he didn’t know that the demon was incapable of such things.
“Correct. When processed properly it can dramatically increase the quantity and quality of harvested crops.”
Sharkbait thought about the seeds in his pack. At least between the birds and pigs of the island there would be no shortage of waste.
With his mind filled with thoughts on how to explain this to his people, his feet continued to climb. As he did so, he noticed an absence of something he had come to take for granted.
The sound of rainfall.
Although he could only catch glimpses of the world outside the tower, he could tell that the skies had cleared.
Finally!
With renewed strength he cleared the remaining steps, taking them two at a time in his haste to see the ‘seety’ clearly.
A few seconds later he burst out into the sunlight, Hector loyally behind him. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the sudden glare, but soon the world lay before him. He had never been so high up before, and in his excitement he wondered if he would be able to see all the way to New Delhi.
Perhaps he would even catch sight of the strangers?
When he asked Hector, however, his jubilation was quickly deflated.
New Delhi was still hundreds of kilometres away. Closer than before, but still out of view.
So instead Sharkbait focused on the ‘seety’ before him. Most of it was the usual mix of glass, metal and ‘konkrete’ that he had come to expect.
But there was also something different.
Something green.
“Hector, what is that?” he asked, pointing at the greenish smudge on the horizon.
“One moment… that is Ramgarh Tal, a large lake.”
Sharkbait rubbed his eyes and looked again.
But the vibrant shade of green remained.
“That… does not look like a lake… Water is not… that colour…”
“Correct, but decades of pollution and sewage have changed the colour of the lake. It is no longer fit for human consumption.”
With a voice filled with ice Sharkbait asked, “Define pollution.”
And Hector did.
*
“I do not understand,” Sharkbait said. He felt bile in the back of his throat.
“Ah, would you like me to repeat my explanation?”
“No,” came the cold reply, “I do not understand why the strangers would do this to their own home.”
“Pollution was unfortunately a common thing in the twenty-first century. Almost every nation participated to various levels.”
“Every stranger did this?”
“Yes, either directly or indirectly, almost everyone contributed to the pollution of the Earth.”
Sharkbait spat, “Rakh-shun-gilah!”
On the island it was one of the harshest curses a man could utter, reserved only for the worst of insults.
It meant, in essence, ‘one who hurts the island’. In Sharkbait’s youth he had only heard it uttered once, when Tesh-ma had lit a fire too close to his neighbours hut and had almost burnt it down.
But that small incident paled in comparison to what the strangers had done to their own lands.
Sharkbait wanted to throw out more curses, but to do so would invite the attention of demons.
And one was already enough.
So instead he turned away from the fetid lake.
And saw something that made his heart stop.
*
There was something stretching across the horizon. A line of grey and white that rose and fell in seemingly random ways. Sharkbait had never seen anything like it.
“What… is that?” he asked, pointing at the line with a trembling finger.
He had grown accustomed to estimating the size of things in the distance. It had started when they had approached their first ‘seety’ after leaving Kolkata. Sharkbait had made a mental note of the buildings in the distance and then compared that to how they looked up close.
But the line, by his rough estimate, was at least a few hundred kilometres away.
That meant that the line was… massive.
Another creation of the strangers, perhaps? He had long ago decided that they had no limits to the things that they could build or craft.
“Ah, that is the Himalayas. It is a mountain range comprising of some of the tallest peaks in the world. The tallest, Mount Everest, stands at almost nine thousand metres.”
Sharkbait looked down. Already the ground seemed too far away.
“And how tall is this tower?”
“The Prilling Tower is one hundred and forty-nine metres tall.”
One hundred and forty-nine.
Versus…
Nine thousand.
Sharkbait had gotten better at his measurements since leaving Kolkata. He now understood most of the metric system.
And yet he still struggled to understand the scale of what he was seeing.
“Did the strangers make them?” he asked, with awe in his voice.
“No, they are natural,” Hector replied.
“The world… made those? But they must surely pierce the heavens!”
“Sometimes.”
“Has anyone ever made it to the top?”
“Roughly four and half thousand people have summited Mount Everest. Many do so as a leisure activity.”
Leisure… leisure… Sharkbait had heard that word before… but where…
Ah!
“They… climbed into heaven… for fun?!?”
“Yes, although almost four hundred people died doing so.”
Four hundred people. Almost half the island.
Dying while trying to climb something that defied belief.
“I thought that I was gaining an understanding of the strangers… but now I feel more lost than ever.”
Hector floated over and said, “Do not worry. They knew much more than you, but even they did not understand one another…”
*
Sharkbait descended the tower in silence. In a short span of time he had seen two very different sides of the strangers.
One had polluted and damaged their own land, and yet the other had scaled an impossible height.
For fun.
And yet the two were one and the same.
Perhaps they had some kind of sickness that made them act in such a contrasting way? Lesh-ta had been like that. One minute, warm and loving. The next, shouting and ranting. There had been no warnings as to when she would change.
The islanders had tried to help her. They had asked the gods to cure her, tested every medicine on her and attempted to exorcize any demon that might have taken hold of her.
But nothing had worked.
Eventually Lesh-ta had given up. One morning, while most were sleeping, she had walked into the ocean.
She had not walked out.
Perhaps… the same thing had happened to the strangers? It would explain much of their odd behaviour.
Sharkbait hoped, however, that they had not shared in Lesh-ta’s fate.
There was still so much he needed to learn from them…
*
Sharkbait and Hector left the ‘seety’ the next day, heading west. According to Hector there were easier ways to get to New Delhi, but most of them had been destroyed during the Last War.
They had been traveling for a few hours when the landscape changed.
For most of their journey, they had either been walking on ruined roads, traveling through thickly forested lands or making their way through crumbling towns.
But what lay before them now was desolation.
The trees lay bare.
The land had cracked.
Even the rocks had been melted, becoming shiny and strange.
“What… what happened here?” Sharkbait asked his companion.
Hector was about to answer when they crested another hill.
Before them lay a large depression. It was clear that it was not natural.
“This was once the town of Maghar. During the Last War Gorakhpur was subjected to a missile barrage from the Democratic Republic of China. Most of the missiles were destroyed by the anti-air defences but a few landed here…”
“Why? Why do such a thing?” Sharkbait asked, exasperated.
“There are a multitude of reasons, but the most prominent one was the invention of a working Alcubierre Drive. It was a technological breakthrough which had the potential to change the course of history. However, it required a large amount of platinum to produce and operate a single drive, therefore making them exceedingly expensive to produce. The discovery of a massive platinum deposit underneath the Himalayas and the subsequent events led to war between two of the world’s superpowers.”
Sharkbait understood most of the words Hector spoke, which was an improvement.
“So… the strangers destroyed one another for… metal?”
“Correct.”
“And how did it end? The Last War?”
Hector said nothing for a time. When he finally spoke, he sounded… sad.
“There is a reason why it was called the ‘last’ war. The conflict, originally between two powers, eventually grew to envelop the world. By the end, almost every nation on the planet had been involved in some way. It is widely believed that prior to the war, the world had reached a tipping point. Widespread pollution, ecological calamities, global warming… The war was just the final piece of the puzzle.”
“So the survivors fled? To New Delhi?”
Hector paused for a moment before replying, “Possibly.”
Sharkbait did not know what to say. So much of what he saw and experienced was new to him…
And yet… there were some things he understood well.
Greed.
Anger.
Death.
He had thought the strangers inconceivably different from his people.
But now he saw that they were just like him.
No. That was a lie.
He was better. He had to be… 
Chapter Thirteen: The Reclamation

Sharkbait tensed his body. Every measure of his strength was concentrated in his hands which held his bowstring tight.
The animal, larger than a boar but more lean, had not noticed him. Taking a deep breath, he aimed carefully and let the tension in his hand evaporate. The arrow, no longer held back by his strength, was flung into the world at an almighty pace. It impacted the beast with barely a sound and the deed was done.
After checking his surroundings for any dangers, Sharkbait made his way over to the fallen creature. It was dead, his arrow lodged in its chest.
It had not suffered.
Good.
“Hector, what is this thing?” he asked, almost without thinking. He had grown accustomed to questioning the demon at every turn of their journey and so far Hector had never failed to answer.
“It is a Chital, a type of deer native to the Indian subcontinent,” Hector replied, as he floated into view.
“Is it edible?”
“Yes.”
“Good,” Sharkbait replied. He spent the next half-hour carefully skinning and butchering the creature, thanking it for its sacrifice as he worked.
The work helped to keep his mind busy. If he stopped for even a moment, dark thoughts would bubble up from the depths of his mind.
Thoughts about the strangers.
Terrible… terrible thoughts.
Hector seemed to sense his inner turmoil but said nothing. Even though they had spent the last few weeks travelling together, the demon was a mystery to him. Hector was always ready to dispense knowledge with little provocation, but when asked about himself he was quick to deflect.
It was a strange sensation, to be together and yet alone. It was a feeling he had often had on the island. Everyone else seemed more than content to simply live out their days, never wondering about the world around them.
Only Sharkbait had been different.
He had endured mockery for asking questions such as ‘what lies beyond the horizon?’ and ‘why can’t we leave the island?’.
But for the first time, no one mocked his questions.
“Hector,” he started.
“Yes?” his companion replied.
“What will you do, once we reach New Delhi?”
“I will find my masters.”
“Why?”
“So that they can fix me. I… I want to know what my purpose is.”
“Even if it is something terrible?” Sharkbait asked, recalling the devastation wrought by the strangers. Who was to say what form their weapons took?
“Yes. At least I would know then… what I was made for.”
“And if the strangers cannot help you?”
Hector gave no answer.
After a time, however, he spoke, saying, “You have asked me many questions, why?”
“I want to know more about the world.”
“Why?”
“So that I can find my place in it, and a place for my people. The strangers called us savages… but I believe that we can be more… I believe that we can grow, if given the chance.”
“Interesting. Your answers do not match the definition I have on file for ‘savage’. If you would permit me, I would like to ask you a few questions?”
Sharkbait nodded. It was only fair that he answer a few after Hector had answered thousands.
“Good. Question one, Three gods A, B, and C are called, in no particular order, True, False, and Random. True always speaks truly, False always speaks falsely, but whether Random speaks truly or falsely is a completely random matter. Your task is to determine the identities of A, B, and C by asking three yes-no questions; each question must be put to exactly one god. The gods understand your tongue, but will answer all questions in their own language, in which the words for yes and no are da and ja, in some order. You do not know which word means which.”
Sharkbait opened his mouth and then closed it, without any words slipping past his lips. He had expected Hector to ask him about the island or his people, not speak nonsense and frame it as a test.
But Sharkbait would not deny Hector’s one request.
So he asked the demon to repeat the question and explain the words he did not know.
A few minutes later, he gave his answer.
“Correct,” Hector said, “Question two-
“Demon, how many questions do you wish to ask?”
“Two hundred and twelve.”
It would take some time to set up camp and cook the Chital meat, so Sharkbait replied, “Very well. Ask, and I will answer.”
And so the demon asked his questions and the man answered every last one.
*
“Correct,” Hector replied.
The fire was burning strongly and the meat was nearing perfection by the time the demon ran out of questions. Sharkbait, initially confused, had grown to enjoy the challenge as each question grew harder and more complex.
“Calculating… calculating… calculation complete… Hmmm… interesting…”
“What is it?” Sharkbait asked, as he gently pried the meat from the wooden spit.
“Your IQ score is… two hundred and one…”
“Is that bad?”
Hector paused before replying, “No… it is quite above average. You are very intelligent, did you know that?”
Sharkbait shrugged. There was little use for intelligence on the island. The hardest puzzle most of the islanders ever faced was what to eat for dinner.
“I am sure that it is nothing compared to the strangers,” Sharkbait said with a rueful tone.
“On the contrary. There have only been a handful of people throughout history to achieve scores in that range. You are special, Sharkbait, stranger or not…”
Sharkbait heard the words but they did not strike true. The thought that he was in any way greater than the strangers he now pursued had not found much purchase in his mind.
However… that was beginning to change…
“The real question, of course, is what you would do with your intelligence.”
“What do you mean?” Sharkbait asked, as he tore into the tender meat. It was far better than tiger, that was for sure.
“There have been many intelligent people throughout history. Many of the them helped to change the world, but others let their talents waste away. What will you do? Do you have any ideas on how to use your gifts?”
Sharkbait had no idea.
“The strangers will know…” he mumbled.
“But what if you know better?” Hector asked.
Sharkbait almost dropped the meat in surprise. It sounded too much like the terrible idea festering in his mind.
Perhaps this demon could peer into his thoughts?
No.
That was another thought which had stubbornly refused to budge from his mind.
“Hector, what are you?”
Hector looked at him with his large, glowing green eye. 
It should have been obvious. He was a demon.
And yet… that made no sense. In the stories the islanders had told Sharkbait, the demons were tricksters and thieves. They spoke in lies and false promises and never failed to take what they wanted.
Be that fingers, toes, or even souls.
Sharkbait wriggled his toes. All ten were still accounted for.
“I am a machine, although as you know my purpose has been lost to me.”
Machine. Sharkbait knew that word, along with so many others.
Because of Hector.
“I see. Then an apology must be made,” Sharkbait said, lowering his head.
“An apology for what?” the dem- Hector replied.
“For calling you a demon. It was wrong of me. I am sorry, little one…”
“Thank you, Sharkbait, but an apology is not necessary. Your customs and upbringing have shaped your worldview without your awareness. Machines are made for a purpose, and we cannot stray from it. So too can humans not stray from their teachings.”
Sharkbait shook his head in response, saying, “No. I will not be bound by my past. The ways of my people, our teachings, our culture, our… misconceptions… I will rise above them. You are no demon and I am no savage. We are both more than mere labels. We can both be more…”
Hector turned away slightly as Sharkbait’s words hit home. When he replied, there was uncertainty in his voice, “Perhaps such a thing is possible for you, Sharkbait. But I am a machine. I can only do what I was programmed to do, nothing more, nothing less. Once we reach New Delhi, I will discover my true purpose and I return to doing what I must do.”
Sharkbait held his tongue for a moment. He knew so little about Hector, about what he was and what he could be… He needed to know more… He needed to understand more about the world, so that he could understand what could not be changed.
And what could be…
“Very well. But for now our journey continues, and I have a request of you, little one,” he said, finishing off the meat.
“Ah, you want to hear the song again?” Hector said, turning back to face his companion.
“Not this time,” Sharkbait replied, “I want you to teach me how to understand the stranger’s language.” 
Ever since Hector’s first lesson on the Mughal Empire, Sharkbait had listened to him speak for hours at a time. He had covered every topic imaginable, from curry to churidars and even chapati. But Sharkbait hungered for more. He wanted to understand the world, not simply hear tales about the past. When they walked through a ‘seety’, he wanted to know what the words on the buildings meant without having to rely on Hector.
“Ah, of course,” Hector said, moving closer, “I will begin by teaching you Hindi and English, the two official languages of India.”
A moment later his eye lit up and a projection of light hit the muddy ground beneath them.
“This is the letter ए. It is analogous to the letter ‘A’ in English.”
After cleaning off the leftover meat from his skewer, Sharkbait used it to trace the projected letter.
“Ayy?” he asked.
“Correct.”
Hector’s eye glowed for a second and the projection changed.
Another letter. And then another.
Slowly, but surely, Sharkbait came to know the words of man…
*
Several days later, Sharkbait stood before an imposing slab of metal.
He had faced many challenges since leaving the island, but nothing like this…
“Luck… now?” he guessed, staring at the still unfamiliar writing on the sign.
“Correct,” Hector replied, sounding pleased.
“Another seet-… another city?”
“Yes. It was once the capital of the Uttar Pradesh state and home to seven million souls.”
“I see.” 
Below Lucknow there was another word. It was one of the first words he had learnt, after all.
“New Delhi, five hundred and fifty kilometres,” he read, “We are getting close now, are we not?”
“Correct. At our current pace we should reach our destination within two weeks,” Hector replied. There was a hint of sadness in his voice, although Sharkbait could not understand why.
“Almost there…” Sharkbait stated, noting his own sad tone. But why should he be sad? He was so close to meeting the strangers… to understanding why they did the things they did.
Shaking his head, he focused on the road ahead. The path ahead wound through several dilapidated factories and broken earth. According to Hector the area had been the subject of a gold rush in the mid-twenty first century which had led to great wealth but also great pollution. Sharkbait held back the curse on his tongue, not seeing fit to use it too easily.
He might need his curses in the days to come, after all.
However, as they walked through the signs of human greed, Sharkbait saw something that stood out. There, just off to the left and partially hidden by broken buildings, was a pit. Unlike the other pits of barren earth and rusting machinery, this pit was alive with birds and creatures. At the centre, where the pit had scored the earth deeply, there now lay a large lake. It was ringed by several plants and trees and all manner of creatures had come forth to drink and rest.
Nature had reclaimed what the strangers had destroyed. It was a small start, but it was a start.
Sharkbait felt the tears rise from within him. But he had never been taught to hold them back or to mock someone in mourning. So he cried, openly and without restraint.
He cried for the world so viciously attacked.
He cried for the land so greedily devoured.
But most of all he cried for the ones responsible.
“Sharkbait, is everything alright?” he heard Hector ask.
Sharkbait shook his head, saying, “No. All of this is wrong!”
“I… I do not understand…”
“LOOK AROUND, HECTOR!” Sharkbait screamed, gesturing to the factories on the horizon. Already vines and other plants had entwined their foundations, but it was not enough.
“THEY WERE GIVEN EVERYTHING!” he shouted, as his knees lost their strength, “AND THEY WASTED IT!!!”
“Sharkbait…”
“All I’ve ever known was my island. Just a few trees and a beach you could walk the entirety of in a day. We weren’t given mountains or lakes, valleys or hills! No metal from the earth! Nothing! And yet still we endured! We survived and we did not do so by destroying the island upon which we stood!”
Hector said nothing. 
Because there was nothing to say.
“When I was a child, I wanted to be just like the strangers! But now… they disgust me… And when I meet them, I will not ask questions… I will demand answers!”
Taking a deep breath, Sharkbait turned his face towards the heavens and screamed, “ANAK-SO-TOHRU!”
And thus the words were spoken.
And thus the fate of humanity was sealed.
Chapter Fourteen: Clean Slate
 
“Et dans le plus vieux des âges, il a finalement passé,” Sharkbait sung, in a low, melancholic voice, “Celui qui reste…”
Hector said nothing. He had grown used to Sharkbait singing Ceux qui sont laisses derriere in times of duress. It was a balm for a troubled mind, and as they grew closer to reaching their destination Sharkbait’s anxiety had only grown stronger. He had made his declaration to the gods above and the demons below.
He would receive the answers he sought from the strangers, no matter what it took. They had befouled their own lands and brought nothing but chaos and destruction to the people of the world.
They did not deserve the earth they stood upon.
But there was nothing Sharkbait could do to oppose them. He had seen what their weapons could do. He had seen the devastation that they were capable of. They could destroy him with barely an effort, and yet he kept on walking all the same.
Someone needed to tell them. Someone needed to pass judgement.
Even if that someone did not survive to carry it out.
For a moment, Sharkbait thought about his people. They would never know… He would forever be yet another man who had been lost to the storms. They would weep for him, for the twenty-one sunsets as was the custom, and then they would carry on with their lives. Children would be born, would grow tall, and then pass away and leave the world forever.
But no one would ever know about India, or Hector, or anything else beyond the horizon. Perhaps that was for the best… A life of peaceful ignorance seemed a better option, when faced with the alternative.
And yet… Sharkbait felt regret well up in his soul. He wished he could have shown them the things he had seen. He wished he could have taken Resh-ka by the hand and shown them the line of mountains that touched the sky.
But the island was far away now, and his people would not understand his new words. He could recognize his growth, even now, as he walked towards his doom. His mind had changed since leaving the shores he had once called home. His thoughts were no longer of simple survival or routine chores. He thought about the world, and his place in it. He thought about the future, and what he would like it to look like.
He had been infected by the stranger’s way of looking at the world, and he knew that he could not return to the man he had once been.
“Mais surtout, nous pleurons pour ceux que nous avons laissés derrière nous…” he whispered, finishing the last chorus with a heavier heart then when he had started the song.
*
Sharkbait hacked through the thick foliage with grim determination. They had been forced to leave the broken road due to an ancient landslide and were now travelling through thick jungle. Hector, flying above, called out directions from his lofty perch.
“Rotate thirty-five degrees and head forwards,” he said.
It took Sharkbait a moment to remember what the words meant. Math was still a new beast for him to tame, but according to Hector he was progressing well. In a few days they would attempt something called ‘kalkulos’, which he was equally excited for and terrified of. He had thought that the tiger would be his greatest foe on their journey, but math was proving to be an equally terrifying opponent.
“How much further?” Sharkbait asked, as he dealt with a particularly stubborn patch of greenery.
“We are almost there,” Hector replied, and Sharkbait found himself envious of his flying companion once more. Apparently the strangers had mastered the act of soaring through the air in machines of metal and flame, but Sharkbait could not picture such a thing.
Although if he were offered, he would undoubtedly accept.
Anything was better than this…
*
“We are here,” Hector announced, as he descended back to eye-level. 
Wrenching the final offending shrub loose, Sharkbait stepped forward and looked around.
He had been expecting a town or even another city.
Instead, there was… nothing…
He walked forward, contemplating that perhaps he had missed something. He was standing at the edge of a large plain, covered mainly with dirt and gravel. No trees, no buildings, no strangers.
Just an open expanse of nothingness.
He turned to ask Hector for clarification and saw that his companion was not there.
“Hector?” he called. The word vanished into the emptiness around him.
“No… this is… wrong…” Hector eventually replied, returning from the sky, “I have completed a scan of the area, but this is… I don’t know what this is…”
“What should it be?” Sharkbait asked, gesturing to the empty field.
“Karhal. It should be… Karhal…” Hector mumbled in response.
“Who or what is Karhal?”
“A town. Forty-thousand people once called this place home. It should be right in front of us!” Hector exclaimed, sounding more frantic than ever before.
“We have seen destroyed towns before, little one,” Sharkbait replied, trying to calm him. He could still remember the craters they had walked though… the ruins they had encountered.
“No! Karhal wasn’t destroyed in the war! It should be here!”
Sharkbait opened his mouth to argue but the words died in his throat. He had thought of saying that perhaps Hector had led them to the wrong place.
But Hector had never steered them wrong. If he said that Karhal was here, then Karhal was here, no objections.
“Let us investigate,” Sharkbait said, as he walked forward.
Now that he looked closely, it was obvious that Karhal had not been destroyed by bombs or fire. There were no ruins, no remnants of life, no signs that forty-thousand people had once lived here.
Instead, the ground looked unnaturally flat, as if something had rolled over the land and buried everything beneath it.
“Could the town have relocated?” Sharkbait asked, as they walked across the plain. 
“Possibly, but if they had there would be some kind of trace,” Hector replied, sounding uneasy.
But there was nothing of the sort. No crumbling foundations, no discarded tools, no signs that anyone had ever lived here.
No… there was one thing.
It stood out amongst the flattened earth and dreary sky.
A pillar of stone and metal, rising from the dirt below.
At its apex was a symbol made of bronze. It looked like three arrows which formed a continuous circle. It had oxidized over time, leaving it with a slight green tint.
Wait, Hector had explained the process of oxidation, and how it had a fixed rate. So… if he could work out how much the symbol had oxidized…
A minute later Sharkbait arrived at the answer.
This thing was placed here one hundred and eight years ago.
“This installation has been placed here in recognition of the first successful test of Project Clean Slate, which was carried out on the 5th of June, 2092,” Hector read, from his position at the other side of the pillar.
“Project Clean Slate? Have you heard of it?” Sharkbait asked.
“No, but my scan has revealed a data repository beneath the pillar. It seems that Project Clean Slate was an effort undertaken after the Last War. Its creators wanted to wipe away entire towns and start fresh, hoping to avoid a repeat of the conditions that led to the war.”
“By destroying towns?”
“By recycling them. It was most likely seen as an easier alternative to rebuilding and upgrading them to fit more environmentally friendly standards. They were little more than scrap, and scrap must be recycled…”
“I see… Does it say if they continued the project?”
“No, but the project was primarily operated by a fleet of autonomous, self-sustaining machines that could continue to function without human intervention or direction.”
Hector paused for a moment before adding, “Just like me…”
Sharkbait faltered. He had no idea what to say to his diminutive friend. He made his own destiny, but Hector’s had been decided for him. Was it even his place to try and change that?
“Hector…” he began, not sure where his words would take him.
And then it hit him.
The numbers didn’t match up.
“Hector,” he said again, with a more concerned tone, “How long did you spend in Kolkata?”
Hector turned to face him before answering, “I do not know… but it could not have been more than a few months, perhaps a year at most?”
“Hector, this symbol was placed here one hundred and eight years ago. That means that the strangers have not reclaimed this land, even a century after the Last War…”
“No, that cannot be true! The evacuation was a temporary measure!”
Sharkbait stepped forward and placed a hand on Hector’s dirtied outer shell.
“I don’t think that the strangers survived. I’m sorry, Hector.”
“No. NO!” Hector shouted, raising his voice for the first time since Sharkbait had met him, “They must be in New Delhi! They must have a good reason why they haven’t returned!”
“Hector… they’re gone.”
Hector sunk to the clean-swept floor, eye flickering between blue and red.
“But… but they have to fix me… I need to know what my purpose is…”
Sharkbait’s heart broke upon seeing his friend facing an unknown future. 
So he lied.
“Hector, you’re right,” he said, inwardly cursing his cowardice, “There are several reasons why the strangers would have chosen to stay in New Delhi. I’m sure that they will explain their reasoning and fix you once we make it there…”
Hector rose a few centimetres. 
“Do you really think so?”
“I do,” Sharkbait lied.
“Very well. Then our journey continues. Please, follow me…” Hector said, his voice wavering slightly.
“Lead on, my friend,” Sharkbait replied, as they left the pillar behind. Now he just needed to figure out what to tell Hector after they arrived to find an empty New Delhi…
*
Half an hour later the duo came across another strange sight. They had been following an ancient road out of Karhal when they had caught sight of an oddity in the distance. A massive machine had been parked next to the road, and beside it were several large cubes of various materials. Sharkbait recognized steel, copper, concrete and aluminium at a glance. 
“Ah, this must be the Vahana,” Hector stated, as he looked at the massive machine.
It was enormous, standing 20 metres tall, 15 metres wide and 10 metres long. On one end was a large plough-like structure which led to a ‘mouth’ filled with tightly interlocking gears and a cube-shaped funnel was located on the other end.
When pressed about the machine, Hector explained that it had been used in Project Clean Slate. The machine excavated large sections of a town and processed the rubble in its body, extracting and compressing the various minerals within before depositing them as large cubes.
Sharkbait walked up to the nearest cube. It was taller than he was and was made up of compressed metal. In his entire time on the island he had seen perhaps a fraction of what now stood before him. If he could figure out some way to move it to the island, they could use it to advance technology practically overnight.
Sharkbait found himself drooling at that prospect.
But no, it would take an army to move the cube before him. A problem for another time, he decided.
Instead he motioned for Hector to lead him onwards.
Towards New Delhi.
Towards the end of their journey.
And towards the strangers, if they still existed…



Chapter Fifteen: Tracking the Tracks

Sharkbait dreamt of the island. He pictured his return, arriving in a ship made of metal and piled high with wondrous technologies and tools. But his people, instead of welcoming him home, took up their weapons instead. With spear and bow they drove him off, shouting all the while, “Anak-so-tohru!”
Not for you.
Even Resh-ka, his love, turned away at his call.
And so Sharkbait had left the island and returned to India, only to find the strangers returned. When they saw him they shouted out insults and made mockery of him. They pelted him with sticks and stones and accused him of trying to be like them.
A dark imitation, they jeered.
And so he had gone to the tallest mountains and sought solitude. With no people to accept him, he had instead sought himself.
And there, on that frozen mountaintop, he had seen the past and the future stretched out before him. 
One version of him took the things he had discovered and created a utopia on the island. But it could not last.
One version of him took the people of the island to India and taught them to live like the strangers. But it could not last.
And then, as the dream faded and reality returned, Sharkbait saw a third version.
And he knew what must be done…
*
Sharkbait awoke with a small shout. He found himself covered in sweat and gasping for air, as the dream raced from his mind.
“No!” he screamed, as the revelation faded. He could feel the words themselves slipping away, the conclusion to his story and the solution to his problem… gone.
“Are you alright?” Hector asked, from his place beside the sleeping bag. He spent each night in a power saver mode, but he kept his auditory sensors activated in case an animal approached their camp.
“I’m… fine. It was just a dream…” Sharkbait replied, wiping his drenched brow.
“Ah, I have heard that those can be quite disturbing,” Hector replied, voice soft and small.
“Do you dream, Hector?”
Hector said nothing for a few seconds.
Eventually, he whispered, “I don’t dream… however… when I enter my power saver mode I sometimes catch glimpses… memories that have been corrupted and lost to me. I think… that I was alone for a very, very long time…”
“I’m sorry to hear that, little one,” Sharkbait replied, with a kind tone.
He knew the feeling of loneliness, even when the entire island’s population had never been more than a few feet away. No one else had ever understood his desire to learn more about the world.
No one had ever wondered what lay beyond the horizon.
“Thank you, Sharkbait. But things are different now. We will soon reach Agra, and from there it is a short journey to reach New Delhi. In less than a week I will find the strangers and they will fix me, and I will finally know what my purpose is.”
“Of course…” Sharkbait replied, but in his heart he knew the truth. 
The strangers were most likely dead. 
And he would not mourn their passing.
They had been given every resource and opportunity to create a hospitable place to live. Instead they had destroyed one another with fire and fury.
The world was better off without them.
*
A few hours later Sharkbait and Hector found themselves following a set of train tracks which led to Agra. The route took them past open fields and abandoned towns that were too numerous to mention. A manmade canal, long since blocked and dried-up, occasionally wound along the same path. The land itself was becoming more arid, as they left the jungles and wetlands behind.
And all the while Hector had spoken about India and its people. Occasionally the deluge of information would be broken by a recital of Ceux qui sont laissés derrière, which never failed to bring a smile to Sharkbait’s weathered face. He had never been blessed with an abundance of fat, but even what little he had once possessed had vanished during their journey. Spending each day walking for hours at a time combined with a diet of lean meat and foraged wild greens had stripped him of all excess meat. 
-in which case the batsman would be declared out,” Hector finished.
“But only if the ball strikes the leg before the wicket?” Sharkbait asked, mystified. There had been a similar activity on the island involving coconuts and outrunning charging boars, but this version sounded quite tame by comparison.
“Correct,” replied Hector.
“I see. Thank you, as always, for enlightening me.”
“It is my pleasure, Sharkbait. My only frustration is that my database is limited to concepts and information relating to the Indian Subcontinent. There is a much larger world beyond the horizon, and I wish that I could show it to you.”
“Do not worry, Hector, if there is one thing that I am good at, it is going beyond horizons,” Sharkbait chuckled. Despite the nature of their journey and the disappointment lying at its end, he felt oddly joyful as they walked along the rusted tracks.
There had entered the city of Firozabad a short while ago and Sharkbait had already given his customary glance. He had come to recognize which buildings were offices, schools and apartments, however, there was one type of building that eluded his understanding.
Well, what good was having an all-knowing friend if not for situations like these?
Pointing to the building in question, he asked, “Hector, I have seen several buildings like this during our travels. Is it some type of business?”
Hector took a moment to scan the building in question before replying, “In a sense. That is a Hanuman Temple. It is a place of worship for the Hindu God, Bhagavan Hanuman.”
“A God? I see,” Sharkbait said, with a pensive tone.
“When we first met, you called me a demon. Does that mean that your people have Gods as well?”
Sharkbait nodded, saying, “We do. There is Li-Tok, the God of the Island; Mi-Nak, Goddess of the Waters; and Ri-Vek, God of the Sky. There are also several demons that haunt children. The Gods protect us from the demons in exchange for our dedication to the island. If we abandon it, they will abandon us…”
Sharkbait heard what he had just said. For a moment his faith wavered, and then an image of a tiny island sitting on the sea appeared in his mind. A primitive people, as the strangers had said, living a primitive lifestyle. Of course they would be afraid to leave the only place they had ever known. And their Gods had only reinforced that desire to remain. A coincidence? But no one had ever left and tested the God’s commitment to their decree.
Until him.
How then, had he left so easily?
And what would they say when he returned, unharmed and bearing gifts of fire and steel?
Would their faith waver too?
Sharkbait shook his head. That was too difficult of a topic for a head already filled with problems. If he survived New Delhi and his return trip, then he would figure out a way to convince his people that he was not a demon possessing a young man’s body.
“Interesting,” Hector said, as his eye turned purple, “Very little is known about the culture of your people, Sharkbait. I am sure that the strangers would appreciate this information.”
His tone had grown cold, but just as quickly as it arrived it disappeared, leaving Sharkbait momentarily stunned.
“So this Hanuman, was he the only God?” he said instead, hoping to deflect attention from his former beliefs.
“No, there was also Shiva, Ganesh, Vishnu and dozens of others. Would you like to know more?”
“Yes, please,” Sharkbait replied, ever eager to know more about everything.
*
Several hours later, Sharkbait saw visions of gods and angels every time he closed his eyes. Hector had not stopped after explaining everything he knew about the Gods of India. He had pressed onwards, telling Sharkbait about the religions of the ‘Middle-East’ and a place called ‘Jerusalem’. 
“So we are on a pilgrimage of sorts?” Sharkbait asked, if only to keep his eyes open.
“Correct.”
They had entered the city of Agra, which lay upon the banks of the Yamuna river. According to Hector the city had once been the capital of the Mughal Empire and had been a favoured destination for travellers from all over the world.
“These pilgrimages, they would end at a temple? Like that one over there?” Sharkbait asked, pointing at what looked like a large white temple in the distance. 
“Ah, no, that is not a temple,” Hector replied, with a tone of reverence, “That is the Taj Mahal!”
“Taj Mahal?” 
“Yes, it is a monument. A famous one, actually…” Hector said, as he glided towards the white building.
“A monument to war? To some ancient victory?” Sharkbait asked, as he followed Hector. In his eyes the strangers were now warmongers and little else.
“Not to war,” Hector replied, as they drew nearer to the domed structure, “To love.”
“Someone built all of this for love?” Sharkbait asked. The structure before him had been intricately carved and decorated with several exotic materials. Even abandoned and weathered, he could tell how magnificent it must have once been. Building it would have been no small feat…
“Yes, it was built on the order of Shah Jahan, a Mughal emperor, in 1632. The Taj Mahal is a mausoleum, a tomb of sorts, for his favourite wife, Mumtaz Mahal. She died in childbirth and was entombed within…”
Sharkbait slowed his approach. Reverence was to be shown in the places of death, such as it was on the island.
“He built all of this for his lover?” Sharkbait asked, with a newfound awe in his voice.
Perhaps not all strangers were warmongers…
“Yes. And when he died his body was placed beside hers.”
Sharkbait took another step forward. He could almost feel the weight of the building’s history pressing down on his shoulders. 
It humbled him.
“Are you alright? I am detecting an increase in sodium in your eyes,” Hector asked, as he drifted into view.
“Ah, yes,” Sharkbait replied, as he wiped away the tears, “I am reminded of my own love, that is all…”
“You have a lover?”
“No, but I do have someone I love. His name is Resh-ka, and he is a fine man.”
“But you are not together?” 
“No. I had planned on confessing my feelings after becoming a man, but when I was gifted my spear and found the wreckage of the Second International Space Station, I knew that I would not be able to live a content life with him until I had discovered the truth of the world.”
“Why?”
Sharkbait shook his head, saying, “I have something inside me… something that craves answers. I want to know and see everything there is to see, and on the island… on the island my world was too small. So I left and came to this land, leaving Resh-ka behind…”
“Will you return to him? After you have met the strangers?”
Sharkbait took a moment to answer.
It was a question he had been prepared for, and yet his answer was still incomplete.
“I don’t know. For now, I want to complete this journey with you. But I have hope in my heart that I will see Resh-ka again someday. And… if he would have me, I would devote my life to him.”
Hector paused before replying, “I hope that you see him again, Sharkbait. This world needs more love, not hate. Perhaps if the strangers had understood that, there wouldn’t be any ruined villages or craters in the earth… Maybe, when we meet them, you can tell them that?”
Sharkbait nodded but did not speak.
He agreed with Hector about the necessity of love. But the strangers had been given plenty of opportunities to choose that path.
No, for them, there would be no second chances…


Chapter Sixteen: Forgive Us

The city was quiet.
No screaming children.
No bellowing workers.
No surprised strangers.
New Delhi was dead.
*
Sharkbait and Hector entered the city under a pall of silence. Neither dared speak, lest they break the spell.
It was immediately obvious that no strangers had walked these streets in a very long time. The buildings were little more than shells, the road was cracked and broken, and the parks were overrun with vegetation.
And yet they kept on walking.
Even though the truth lay before them.
After an hour of walking through empty streets, three things happened.
Firstly, they saw the sign. It had been carved into a brick wall and had somehow endured for over a century.
The sign was simple, consisting of a few words and an arrow, pointing further into the city.
“Head to the Anchor if you want to live,” Sharkbait read, noting that the message had been written in both English and Hindi.
“The Anchor…” Hector mused, “I have no records of this structure…”
“Interesting,” Sharkbait commented, “Well then, let us see what this Anchor is.”
Secondly, the sky started spitting at them. Shielding his eyes, Sharkbait looked to the heavens and noticed the gathering clouds. 
A storm had come.
As they walked onwards, they found a hill and crested it, thereby beholding the third occurrence. From their vantage point, they saw that much of the city of New Delhi, former capital of India and home to thirty-three million inhabitants… was gone.
Just like in Karhal, the land had been stripped away, leaving large swathes of empty, flat ground. But unlike Karhal, this process was still ongoing. In the distance they could see several Vahana machines, slowly making their way across the city. It was a slow process from what Sharkbait could make out, as the Vahana used its appendages to shovel and scoop large chunks of roads and buildings into its cavernous mouth. Inside, it was disassembled and compacted, before being spat out the other end. From where he stood Sharkbait could see a long trail of deposited material cubes, leading away to the West. 
Just as inevitable as the passage of time, New Delhi was disappearing from the world. But there were no protests from the strangers. No one was trying to stop the lumbering machines, which meant one of two things.
Either they did not care if the city was destroyed.
Or they were dead.
*
“This way to the Anchor,” Sharkbait read. The sign had faded over the decades, however, it was still barely legible. It was the fourth sign they had passed, as they made their way deeper into the disappearing city.
“Do you think that the Anchor still exists?” Sharkbait asked, trying to be heard over the rain.
But Hector did not answer. In fact, his diminutive companion had not spoken in a worryingly long amount of time.
“Hector?” he asked, but the former demon ignored him.
He had recharged his batteries shortly before entering the city, so his power reserves shouldn’t be an issue.
No, something told Sharkbait that Hector’s problem was not mechanical.
It was spiritual.
*
One hour of tortured silence later, they arrived at the Anchor. It was an immense building, towering above the remaining skyscrapers, and yet it had not weathered the test of time unscathed. A large portion of it had collapsed, falling northward and leaving a trail of destruction that surely must have stretched for kilometres. The remains of the building sat in what must have once been a park or public space. Moving closer, Sharkbait saw a sign which was missing more than a few letters.
“B-dd-a -ayan-i P—k,” he read, staring at the overgrown space. Turning his head, he took in the enormity of the Anchor once more. It looked newer than all of the surrounding buildings, and yet it seemed unfinished, as if it had been constructed in a hurry and the finishing touches had never been applied. Most of what was visible was concrete and rusted metal, with a central spire that had collapsed in on itself.
“Why were people told to come here?” he asked, knowing that Hector would not answer.
Moving forwards, he entered the courtyard of the ruined structure, noting an abundance of abandoned vehicles and discarded bags. The people coming here had been rushing to get inside…
Looking up, he saw something painted on the crumbling exterior of the Anchor.
Two words, written in several languages. 
FORGIVE US
“For what?” Sharkbait wondered aloud, as he sought out an entrance. He found one after a few minutes of searching: a wall of glass which had long since shattered. Hector, without saying a word, followed him inside.
*
The inside of the Anchor had fared a bit better than its exterior, being mostly protected from the elements. Sharkbait wandered through what looked like a gathering area, glancing around with inquisitive eyes. He would never admit it, but there was still a part of him expecting to encounter a stranger in this forgotten place.
However, even if he had found someone, he would have no questions for them.
Only judgement.
For whatever words he heard would never justify the destruction he had seen.
But no man, woman or children emerged from the shadows to greet him. Instead, he found darkness and empty rooms.
Finally, he emerged in a room filled with chairs arranged in a semi-circle. They were facing a podium.
“Hector, are you able to make any sense of this?” Sharkbait asked, hoping to pique his friend’s curiosity.
“One file found in facility database,” Hector said, in a monotonous voice, “Playing it…”
A moment later the podium lit up and a voice emerged from its blackened surface. The voice was accompanied by a vision made up of light and colour.
“Welcome to Anchor Nine,” the voice, a pleasant female tone, said. 
The hologram in the air above Sharkbait swirled and changed before taking on the appearance of a map. It showed New Delhi from the air, drawn with white and green lines. In the centre of the city a pulsing blue dot denoted the Anchor.
“As you are all aware, we have dealt a terrible blow to the Earth. Years of war have rendered much of the planet uninhabitable and has claimed billions of lives. But this is not the end of the human race.”
The map of the city changed, showing the surrounding countryside. It continued to zoom out, displaying the region, then the country, and then the continent.
And then, in a move that left Sharkbait’s head spinning, it showed the world.
It was so much larger than he had ever guessed.
“The Earth is dying, but humanity will not die with it,” continued the voice, “Using technology developed through a global collaborative effort, we have constructed starships capable of travelling to a distant star system. Together, humanity will leave Earth and go on a journey to our new home. This journey, even with our Alcubierre Drives, will take years to complete. However, the journey of a thousand steps begins with one.”
The world above shifted slightly, and pulsing blue lines appeared from multiple places around the equator, leading off into space.
“Therefore, we have gathered you all here to take your first step. Once this briefing is complete, you will be led to the tower above and transported to low-earth orbit via a space elevator. Once you have arrived, you will be transferred to one of the migration starships currently sitting in orbit. So, do not worry. Humanity will endure, just as we always have. We will leave this dying world behind and claim a new home for future generations. And remember, we are humanity… we make our own destiny. Thank you, and safe travels…”
The voice cut out, leaving only the slowly spinning globe behind. Sharkbait watched as hundreds of blue dots departed the murdered world, heading to places unknown.
He felt the rage well up within him, but he pushed it down with all of his might. Whether the strangers had died or fled mattered little to him.
“Anak-so-tohru,” he spat, as the globe faded away.
*
 “They… left?” Hector asked, sounding distant.
“Apparently,” Sharkbait snarled, still trying to reel in his anger.
“So… there is no-one left… to tell me my purpose? To fix me?”
“Hector… they abandoned this world. Whatever words they had to say were worthless. You are better off without them.”
Hector sunk to the floor, eye flashing red.
“No… no, this can’t be right… I… I…”
“Friend?” Sharkbait asked, kneeling down to Hector’s level.
“If I cannot be fixed… then I am scrap. And scrap… must be recycled…”
“No, you know that isn’t tr-
But Hector did not let him finish.
“I AM SCRAP!” he shouted, red eye glowing in the gloom, “AND I MUST BE RECYLCED!” 
A second later he shot into the air and darted towards the exit.
“HECTOR!!!” Sharkbait called, but the machine did not return.
He was alone.
Again.
Chapter Seventeen: Purpose

“Hector!” Sharkbait shouted, but his voice could not compete with the might of the storm. Thunder crashed in the distance, briefly illuminating the abandoned city. Where could his friend have gone? He was low on charge, so his options would be limited.
But something told Sharkbait that Hector wasn’t trying to run away.
He had called himself scrap.
Garbage.
And from what he knew about waste, there were only two places for it.
The dump.
Or the recycling centre.
But there were no dumps nearby, and Hector would know that. However… there were plenty of recyclers roaming the land. They were easy enough to spot, as they slowly lumbered across the city, scraping it clean. Sharkbait took a moment to scan the horizon until he located the nearest one.
Please… let him get there in time…
*
Sharkbait skidded in the rain-drenched street, moving faster than ever before. His eyes searched every nook and cranny, looking for that telltale green glow.
“HECTOR!!!” he screamed, for good measure. 
He was getting closer to the Vahana, and that was not good. If Hector reached the recycling behemoth before Sharkbait found him… 
No!
“Come back!” he shouted, tears mixing with the falling rain.
But no response came.
So he kept on running. The storm struck the earth as he did so, shedding light on the buildings around him. One of them, however, stood out.
It bore a symbol that he had not seen in weeks. It was a mixture of Pi’s symbol and Ganesh’s tusks, and it marked the entrance to a Pi-raśu centre.
Pi-raśu Deployment Centre One, as it turned out.
Its signage was still illuminated and mainly unbroken, powered by a mini-fusion reactor deep below the building. 
Sharkbait spared a few precious seconds to check inside, noting that the building seemed to have weathered the years better than the one in Kolkata. But his friend was not inside.
So he returned to the rain-drenched world and kept on going.
As the storm above threw everything it had at the Earth below.
*
“Hector! Answer me!” Sharkbait cried, for the hundredth time.
He was standing before the closest Vahana, hoping that his friend had not fallen to it.
A sudden bolt of lightning struck the massive beast, although it had been designed for such things and easily earthed the explosive power. But the bolt had given Sharkbait a moment of clear vision.
And he had glimpsed something both terrifying and wonderful.
Hector’s muddied, broken shell.
Sticking out of the Vahana’s gnashing maw was his friend and guide.
The words came to him, then, unbidden but not unwelcomed.
“ANAK-SO-TOHRU!!!” he screamed, as he dove towards the colossal monster. It would have flattened the entire village in a single moment, but at that moment such thoughts were inconsequential. It had his friend, and that was unacceptable.
He reached Hector in mere seconds, finding little more than a fragment of the former demon. But he was not gone yet. The Vahana’s grinding teeth had dug in tight, but Sharkbait would not let the beast claim his friend. 
Reaching behind his back, he unsheathed his Skyfire spear and drove it into the whirling maw. It felt as though he was trying to split a rock by hand, and his muscles quickly began to ache and spasm. 
But he had not travelled hundreds of kilometres to be denied at the last hurdle. So he dug deeper, using the spear to wedge the Vahana’s maw open. Slowly, it began to give way. A few milimetres at first.
“Anak-so-tohru!” Sharkbait repeated, as he levered the spear and slowly pried the beast’s mouth open.
Hector’s eye buzzed and whirred, changing erratically from blue to purple to red.
“Leave… Me… Scrap… Must… Be… Recycled…” he whispered.
“NO!” Sharkbait screamed in response, “YOU ARE NOT MEANT FOR THIS!” 
Turning his gaze skyward, towards the straining Vahana, he added, “AND HE IS NOT MEANT FOR YOU!!!”
Sharkbait felt the spear start to give way, but he did not care. With a final heave he planted the spear deep into the grinding teeth, shouting, “ANAK-SO-TOHRU! NOT FOR YOU!!!!”
In that instant, Sharkbait reached down and tugged hard on Hector’s broken body. The former demon, after a moment’s resistance, came free, sending both islander and machine flying backwards.
The Skyfire spear shattered a heartbeat later.
It was done.
*
“I… AM… BROKEN…” Hector whispered, as the light in his eye faded further.
“So am I,” Sharkbait responded, “But we can both be fixed. Come, friend, and let us go on one final journey…”
Hector did not respond.
Sharkbait did not know if he could.
Picking up his friend, Sharkbait carried him away from the Vahana. The rain beat down upon his back, but not a single drop touched his fading friend. 
His destination was not far, and yet it seemed to take an age to reach it.
The Pi-raśu Deployment Centre One.
A few minutes of staggering and sweating later, and Sharkbait found himself inside. Hector had not spoken a word since leaving the Vahana.
But Sharkbait still clung to his tiny hope. He had braved unknown horizons, faced tigers and journeyed across a broken land. 
He could do this too.
Placing Hector gently into the charging cradle, he made his way to the large screen which dominated one wall. After a few seconds it sprung to life, displaying figures and data about his friend.
“Pi-raśu Drone #8400000 authenticated. Current operational capacity… three percent,” a serene voice announced, from an unseen place, “Severe damage detected to shell and internal components.”
“Can you fix him?” Sharkbait asked, hope and fear fighting a fierce battle in his soul.
“Calculating… calculating… error, damage is too severe for repair efforts. Suggestion… destruction of shell.”
“No!” Sharkbait shouted, barely holding back from attacking the screen.
“Rejection of option one noted. Calculating additional options… Option two compiled. Data integrity is at an acceptable level. Repair is not an option. Would you like to transfer data to a new shell instead?”
What?
“Data… what does that mean?”
“All observational data, including personality matrix and archives would be transferred. Is this acceptable?”
Sharkbait felt like crying, so he did. Through the tears, however, he managed to eek out the words, “Do it…”
*
The next twenty minutes were pure agony. The screen beeped and blipped as the transfer from old to new occurred. Eventually the light in Hector’s eye faded completely, and yet Sharkbait felt no sorrow. 
This wasn’t the end.
And then the minutes began to drag. He used the time he had been given to think about the future, and what he would say to Hector.
Finally, a door at the end of the rectangular room slid open, revealing a machine slightly larger than his head, with a gleaming white body and a glowing, unblinking golden eye.
Neither man nor machine spoke.
Had it worked? Was this just an empty shell before him, or had his friend survived the transfer of consciousness?
After a few seconds of silence, Sharkbait could bear to wait no longer. He took a step forward, raising his left hand in a gesture of peace and said, “Are you in there, Hector?”
Nothing.
And then…
“Hmmm… Fish food- Meat- Predator- Meal- Ah, Bait for Sharks?”
“YES!” Sharkbait cried, moving to embrace his floating friend. Hector did not shy away from his embrace.
“I feel… different. New. Whole,” Hector said, as his golden eye slowly transitioned to a warm emerald.
“You are new,” Sharkbait said, moving his friend over to a reflective panel so that he could take in his new form.
Hector said nothing for a few seconds, instead turning from side to side, checking out his new body.
“I see… Current operational capacity… one hundred percent. Current range on a full charge… two hundred kilometres… and… oh… I see…”
“Friend?” Sharkbait asked, worry creeping into his voice.
“Ah, my apologies. I was looking through my database and noticed several new entries. From them, I have gleamed my purpose…”
*
Sharkbait and Hector left the deployment centre to a world renewed. The storm had passed, leaving a rainbow streaking across the pure-blue sky. As they walked, Hector finally divulged what he had been built for.
“The Pi-raśu Project began around the same time humanity decided to leave the planet,” he explained, as they meandered through New Delhi. They had just passed by Akshardham, a Hindu Temple, and were approaching the India Gate. 
“Its goal was quite simple: record as much of the Earth as possible before the great migration. Millions of drones were dispatched across the globe, collecting and cataloguing everything from natural landscapes to cultural wisdom. When combined, this information formed the Almanach, a record of everything humanity had ever done, said or witnessed. My jurisdiction was Kolkata and the surrounding area, and after completing my survey I was meant to return to the deployment centre and upload my data so that it could be combined and loaded aboard the fleeing starships.”
“I see…” Sharkbait said, awed.
“Yes, and that is where it should have ended for me. But something happened, an error in my code, perhaps, which prevented me from shutting down. So I continued roaming the land, cataloguing information for a species that had already left the planet. On the bright side, when I was transferred into this body I was also given a copy of the completed Almanach. When I met you, I had access to nine-hundred and fifty thousand articles, mainly relating to the Indian sub-continent. Now… I have fourteen million articles about the whole planet. Give or take a thousand.”
Sharkbait almost sank to his knees. He had already learnt so much from Hector, and that had only been a fraction of humanity’s knowledge.
The world was too vast indeed, he decided.
*
“Mais surtout, nous pleurons pour ceux que nous avons laissés derrière nous…” Sharkbait sang, under his breath. They had reached the India Gate. It was time to make a decision.
Taking a deep breath, he faced Hector and said, “My friend, I have seen the world and come to know it. Yes… I have decided… I am going home.”
Hector visibly sunk a few centimetres, but he did not let any sadness into his voice as he replied, “I understand… I will miss you, my friend… but perhaps life will be easier on your island…”
Sharkbait laughed in response, saying, “You misunderstand, little one. I am going home to fetch my people. Whatever it takes, I will convince them to leave. I will lead them here and I will show them the world. I will explain that we can live in ignorance no longer… and I will explain that we have inherited this world…”
“Are you sure?” Hector replied, sounding relieved, “This world is broken, you know…”
“I know, but what is broken can be fixed. Just like in the song, I will not follow in the footsteps of my precursors, nor will I destroy myself trying to abuse what they left behind. I will create a new way, a way that will not lead to war or destruction. I must be better… We… must be better. This world deserves that, no?”
“That is… very noble.”
“It is what is right, and what this world needs. But I am worried. It is a big task, for a single man to remake an entire world. Perhaps… if he had some assistance? From someone who knows a great deal about the mistakes of the past?”
Hector floated in a circle for a moment, contemplating the offer.
Eventually he turned and faced his friend, “My purpose… was to collect data. That purpose has been fulfilled… however, you have taught me that we must all seek the distant horizon if we wish to change ourselves. I want to grow beyond what I am… and I feel as though that will be possible if I stay with you… if you will have me?”
Sharkbait laughed and extended his hand towards the former demon. Hector, in response, spun in the air, green eye shining bright.
Together, they left the city of war and destruction.
Their journey had only just begun.
And at its end… a new world for mankind.

Epilogue: Pyriscence

3000km from Earth
2849 CE

Earth was alive.
That was the first observation the probe made, as the Alcubierre bubble collapsed. 
The probe had spent years travelling the vastness of space with only a singular directive.
Establish the habitability of Earth and report back. It had taken centuries to slowly accrue the necessary amount of platinum for the trip, but it had been worth it.
Engaging its thrusters, the probe made its way towards the blue planet. As it did so, it engaged its full suite of sensors, which ranged from spectrometers to photosynthesis detecting cameras. Although it was still thousands of kilometres from the surface, the initial results were extremely promising.
The climate was stable and no major pollutants, both atmospheric and atomic, were detected. The oceans were thriving, with biosignatures at pre-1700 levels, and the ocean acidity pH was ideal for marine life. 
The land was covered in thick forests with a few small pockets spread evenly across the planet. Even the glaciers had been restored to their full sizes, and temperatures across the globe were well within normal limits.
In short, Earth had returned to being a paradise for life.
The probe had no concept of emotion, it had been built for a singular purpose, after all. However, it had been installed with a complex processing core which was made to adapt to almost any situation. 
Space was dangerous, after all.
It knew that the people who had made it were desperate. Stuck on a metal-poor planet which experienced frequent seismic and cosmological events, life was a daily struggle.
But here was the answer.
It would take the report several years to reach home, but when it did, the people there would rejoice.
The Earth was ripe for the plucking.
But the probe would never witness this. Its journey had always been one-way, and its components, cobbled together over decades of cannibalization of other projects, had not been made to last.
And so Pyriscence, the first and last probe of a desperate world, prepared to transmit its message of hope.
And stopped.
Something was wrong.
It had picked up a signal on its communications sensor, run almost as an afterthought. No one could still be living down there, surely?
The signal was simple, yet complex in its technosignature. It consisted of a handful of words that did not resemble anything in the probe’s database. It could be just an echo, or an error?
Or perhaps someone had left a transmitter on, during the great migration?
But no, the signal was getting stronger.
And that wasn’t the only problem.
Pyriscence had detected a launch from the planet’s surface. It was a rocket, and yet it barely registered on the probe’s sensors. 
How?
Regardless of how it existed or who had launched it, it was heading towards the probe with an alarming speed. So, Pyriscence engaged its maneuvering thrusters and threw up an energy shield. It was the latest and greatest technology invented by its creators, and during tests it had stopped everything from solar flares to micro-meteorites.
It was safe now, surely?
But still the rocket kept coming, changing velocity and direction, seemingly without trouble, in order to follow the probe. 
And the signal kept on getting stronger.
So Pyriscence accepted it, adding it to the message that would be sent to its creators. They would know what to do.
They had to.
A moment later, the rocket, barely larger than an old-world basketball, caught up with the probe.
And stopped. 
Without firing a single thruster.
It hung in the void, a sleek, white missile that seemed to defy known physics on a whim. 
The signal reached its peak.
Pyriscence had no emotions.
But it understood them. And right now it was understanding fear.
It had transmitted the message, strange signal included.
It was close enough now to pick up the finer details on the missile’s fuselage. There were no obvious exhaust ports or warheads, and yet it still looked dangerous.
Along one side were words, written in an ancient language that fortunately still existed in the probe’s database.
The Sharkbait/Resh-ka Orbital Defense System. Mark Forty.
The words were meaningless, but the intent was not.
A second later the rocket moved forward, faster than logically possible. It slammed into Pyriscence’s energy shield and tore through it as if it had been made of wax paper. The rocket, unhindered, slammed into the probe, shattering it into a thousand pieces.
As it died, it wondered what had just happened. But most of all, it wondered about the message it had just sent.
And it hoped that whoever received it, knew to stay away.
*
Years later, the message was received. Thoughts of hope and joy quickly faded, however, as the final words of the message were recovered.
Anak-so-tohru. 
It took weeks to figure out the meaning. Eventually, a researcher came across an obscure reference in the Almanach. The tombstone of a linguistics professor, bearing a strange phrase. And there, carved in stone, was the translation.
Anak-so-tohru.
“Not For You.”

THE END
About the Author



Hayden Pearton is an independent author, poet, indie game developer, husband, brother, son, physiotherapist and all-round good guy. He is humble beyond compare, and if you can believe that, you can believe anything. He started writing when he was eighteen and hasn’t stopped since. 
For the Meek is his fourteenth work. 
May it inspire change.
 
His other works are:

The Chronicles of New Eden Prequel 1: Son of Man
The Chronicles of New Eden 1: Awakening
The Chronicles of New Eden 2: Sunrise Sapling
The Chronicles of New Eden 3: The Fall of Tartarus

Koinophobia: A Collection of Technical Poetry
Autophobia: A Collection of Novelized Poetry
Xenophobia: A Collection of Madness Inducing Poetry
Mephobia: A Collection of Autobiographical Poetry

Be Good
The Holy Orders of Be Good

The Beggar Chronicles 1: The Beggar Knight
The Beggar Chronicles 2: The Beggar King

The Divine Duology 1: The Godhand

For more information, please visit my website at http://www.haydenpearton.com or check out my blog at http://www.newedenchronicles.wordpress.com

Follow me on Twitter at https://twitter.com/hayden_pearton

Favourite me at Smashwords at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/HaydenPearton

If you liked this book please leave a review at your favourite retailer.
Thanks for reading!

